abjudge: To confiscate by judicial decision.
aboding: present participle and gerund of abode
abought: simple past and past participle of aby
aborted: simple past and past participle of abort
abscind: To cut off.
absciss: To cut off by abscission.
absciss: To separate (as a leaf from a twig) by abscission.
abroach: To set abroach; to let out, as liquor; to broach; to tap.
abiding: present participle and gerund of abide
absorpt: past participle of absorb
abashed: simple past and past participle of abash
abuttal: To describe a piece of land in terms of its abuttals.
abridge: To deprive; to cut off.
abridge: To debar from.
abridge: To make shorter; to shorten in duration or extent.
abridge: To shorten or contract by using fewer words, yet retaining the sense; to epitomize; to condense.
abridge: Cut short; truncate.
abridge: To curtail.
accoast: Obsolete form of accost (“sail along the coast or lie alongside”).
abolish: To end a law, system, institution, custom or practice.
abolish: To put an end to or destroy, as a physical object; to wipe out.
accompt: To account.
abscess: To form a pus-filled cavity, typically from an infection.
abscond: To flee, often secretly; to steal away.
abscond: To hide, conceal, or absent oneself clandestinely, with the intent to avoid legal process
abscond: To flee, often secretly; to steal away.
abscond: To abandon a hive.
abscond: To flee, often secretly; to steal away.
abscond: To hide, to be in hiding or concealment.
abscond: To evade, to hide or flee from.
abscond: To conceal; to take away.
abstain: Keep or withhold oneself.
abstain: Refrain from (something or doing something); keep from doing, especially an indulgence.
abstain: Fast (not eat for a period).
abstain: Deliberately refrain from casting one's vote at a meeting where one is present.
abstain: Hinder; keep back; withhold.
absolve: To set free, release or discharge (from obligations, debts, responsibility etc.).
absolve: To resolve; to explain; to solve.
absolve: To pronounce free from or give absolution for a penalty, blame, or guilt.
absolve: To pronounce not guilty; to grant a pardon for.
absolve: To grant a remission of sin; to give absolution to.
absolve: To remit a sin; to give absolution for a sin.
absolve: To finish; to accomplish.
absolve: To pass a course or test; to gain credit for a class; to qualify academically.
decrypt: To convert (an encrypted or coded message) back into plain text.
October: In the early Soviet Union, to give a child a name tinged with Soviet revolutionary thought, as opposed to religious christening.
encrypt: To conceal information by means of a code or cipher.
tighten: To make tighter.
tighten: To become tighter.
tighten: To make money harder to borrow or obtain.
tighten: To raise short-term interest rates.
product: To produce.
nullify: To make legally invalid.
nullify: To prevent from happening.
nullify: To make of no use or value; to cancel out.
servant: To subject.
acronym: To form into an acronym.
abandon: To give up or relinquish control of, to surrender or to give oneself over, or to yield to one's emotions.
abandon: To desist in doing, practicing, following, holding, or adhering to; to turn away from; to permit to lapse; to renounce; to discontinue.
abandon: To leave behind; to desert, as in a ship, a position, or a person, typically in response to overwhelming odds or impending dangers; to forsake, in spite of a duty or responsibility.
abandon: To subdue; to take control of.
abandon: To cast out; to banish; to expel; to reject.
abandon: To no longer exercise a right, title, or interest, especially with no interest of reclaiming it again; to yield; to relinquish.
abandon: To surrender to the insurer (an insured item), so as to claim a total loss.
conceal: To hide something from view or from public knowledge, to try to keep something secret.
quarter: To divide into quarters; to divide by four.
quarter: To provide housing for military personnel or other equipment.
quarter: To lodge; to have a temporary residence.
quarter: To quartersaw.
quarter: To display different coats of arms in the quarters of a shield.
quarter: To drive a carriage so as to prevent the wheels from going into the ruts, or so that a rut shall be between the wheels.
consent: To express willingness, to give permission.
consent: To cause to sign a consent form.
consent: To grant; to allow; to assent to.
consent: To agree in opinion or sentiment; to be of the same mind; to accord; to concur.
husband: To manage or administer carefully and frugally; use to the best advantage; economise.
husband: To conserve.
husband: To till; cultivate; farm; nurture.
husband: To provide with a husband.
husband: To engage or act as a husband to; assume the care of or responsibility for; accept as one's own.
network: To interact socially for the purpose of getting connections or personal advancement.
network: To connect two or more computers or other computerized devices.
network: To interconnect a group or system.
network: To broadcast across an entire network of stations and affiliates at the same time.
abut on: To border on.
English: To translate, adapt or render into English.
pollute: To make something harmful, especially by the addition of some unwanted product.
pollute: To make something or somewhere less suitable for some activity, especially by the introduction of some unnatural factor.
pollute: To corrupt or profane
pollute: To violate sexually; to debauch; to dishonour.
acclaim: To shout; to call out.
acclaim: To express great approval (for).
acclaim: To salute or praise with great approval; to compliment; to applaud; to welcome enthusiastically.
acclaim: To claim.
acclaim: To declare by acclamations.
acclaim: To elect (a politician, etc.) to an office automatically because no other candidates run; elect by acclamation.
meeting: present participle and gerund of meet
acidify: To make something (more) acidic or sour; to convert into an acid.
acidify: To neutralize alkalis.
acidify: To sour; to embitter.
achieve: To succeed in something, now especially in academic performance.
achieve: To carry out successfully; to accomplish.
achieve: To conclude, finish, especially successfully.
achieve: To obtain, or gain (a desired result, objective etc.), as the result of exertion; to succeed in gaining; to win.
achieve: To conclude, to turn out.
achieve: To obtain (a material thing).
company: To accompany, keep company with.
company: To associate.
company: To be a lively, cheerful companion.
company: To have sexual intercourse.
feature: To ascribe the greatest importance to something within a certain context.
feature: To star, to contain.
feature: To appear, to make an appearance.
feature: To have features resembling.
touring: present participle and gerund of tour
welcome: To affirm or greet the arrival of someone, especially by saying "Welcome!".
welcome: To accept something willingly or gladly.
Bigfoot: Alternative spelling of bigfoot
phoenix: To transfer assets from one company to another to dodge liability
shuttle: To go or send back and forth between two places.
shuttle: To transport by shuttle or by means of a shuttle service.
wrought: simple past and past participle of work
wrought: simple past and past participle of wreak
written: past participle of write
disease: To cause unease; to annoy, irritate.
disease: To infect with a disease.
clapper: To ring a bell by pulling a rope attached to the clapper.
clapper: To make a repetitive clapping sound; to clatter.
clapper: Of birds, to repeatedly strike the mandibles together.
trumpet: To sound loudly, be amplified
trumpet: To play the trumpet.
trumpet: Of an elephant, to make its cry.
trumpet: To give a loud cry like that of an elephant.
trumpet: To proclaim loudly; to promote enthusiastically
epitaph: To write or speak after the manner of an epitaph.
epitaph: To commemorate by an epitaph.
weekend: To spend the weekend.
adjunct: To work as an adjunct professor.
sausage: To squeeze tightly into something.
sausage: To make into sausage.
sausage: To make sausage-like, especially to give the appearance of barely fitting into the casing or skin.
sausage: To form a sausage-like shape, with a non-uniform cross section.
general: To lead (soldiers) as a general.
compass: To surround; to encircle; to environ; to stretch round.
compass: To go about or round entirely; to traverse.
compass: To accomplish; to reach; to achieve; to obtain.
compass: To plot; to scheme (against someone).
parents: third-person singular simple present indicative of parent
beeswax: To polish with beeswax.
mortage: Misspelling of mortgage.
leather: To cover with leather.
leather: To form a leathery surface (on).
leather: To strike forcefully.
leather: To spank or beat with a leather belt or strap.
example: To be illustrated or exemplified (by).
article: To bind by articles of apprenticeship.
article: To accuse or charge by an exhibition of articles or accusations.
article: To formulate in articles; to set forth in distinct particulars.
bombard: To continuously attack something with bombs, artillery shells or other missiles or projectiles.
bombard: To attack something or someone by directing objects at them.
bombard: To continuously send or direct (at someone)
bombard: To direct at a substance an intense stream of high-energy particles, usually sub-atomic or made of at most a few atoms.
pigment: To add color or pigment to something.
crimson: To become crimson or deep red; to blush.
crimson: To dye with crimson or deep red; to redden.
picture: To represent in or with a picture.
picture: To imagine or envision.
picture: To depict or describe vividly.
quarrel: To argue fiercely; to contend; to squabble; to cease to be on friendly terms, to fall out.
quarrel: To find fault; to cavil.
quarrel: Followed by at: to disagree with; to take offence.
quarrel: To argue or squabble with (someone).
project: To extend beyond a surface.
project: To cast (an image or shadow) upon a surface; to throw or cast forward; to shoot forth.
project: To extend (a protrusion or appendage) outward.
project: To make plans for; to forecast.
project: To present (oneself), to convey a certain impression, usually in a good way.
project: To assume qualities or mindsets in others based on one's own personality.
project: To change the projection (or coordinate system) of spatial data with another projection.
project: To draw straight lines from a fixed point through every point of any body or figure, and let these fall upon a surface so as to form the points of a new figure.
project: (of a neuron or group of neurons) to have axon(s) extending to and therefore able to influence a remote location
project: To cause (one's voice or words) to be heard at a great distance.
project: To speak or sing in such a way that one can be heard at a great distance.
retreat: To withdraw from a position, go back.
retreat: To withdraw from a position, go back.
retreat: To withdraw military forces
retreat: To shrink back due to generally warmer temperatures. (of a glacier)
retreat: To slope back.
retreat: Alternative spelling of re-treat
scarlet: To dye or tinge (something) with scarlet.
leaflet: To distribute leaflets to.
leaflet: To distribute leaflets.
rainbow: To brighten with, or as with, a rainbow; to pattern with the colours of the rainbow.
rainbow: To take the appearance of a rainbow.
rainbow: In climbing gyms where the rocks to climb are colored to indicate suggested climbing routes, to climb rocks of different colors, thereby ignoring such routes.
subject: To cause (someone or something) to undergo a particular experience, especially one that is unpleasant or unwanted.
subject: To make subordinate or subservient; to subdue or enslave.
upbraid: To criticize severely.
upbraid: To charge with something wrong or disgraceful; to reproach
upbraid: To treat with contempt.
upbraid: To object or urge as a matter of reproach
upbraid: To utter upbraidings.
upbraid: To vomit; retch.
forlorn: past participle of forlese.
saffron: To add saffron to (a food), for taste, colour etc.
saffron: To give a saffron colour to (something).
saffron: To dye (a fabric, garment, etc.) with a saffron-based dye.
saffron: To give a saffron colour to (something).
saffron: To colour (a metal or wooden surface) with a gilding product containing saffron.
saffron: To give a saffron colour to (something).
saffron: To embellish.
emerald: To ornament with, or as if with, emeralds; to make green.
hammock: To lie in a hammock.
hammock: To hang in a way that resembles a hammock.
hammock: To make something be wrapped tight, like in a hammock.
hammock: To schedule (a new or unpopular programme) between two popular ones in the hope that viewers will watch it.
proverb: To write or utter proverbs.
proverb: To name in, or as, a proverb.
proverb: To provide with a proverb.
hamster: To secrete or store privately, as a hamster does with food in its cheek pouches.
upbreak: To break upwards; to force away or passage to the surface.
fortune: To provide (someone) with a fortune.
fortune: To tell the fortune of (someone); to presage.
fortune: To happen, to take place.
upbreed: To rear, or bring up; to nurse.
unvicar: To deprive of the position or office of a vicar.
goodbye: To say goodbye; to wish somebody farewell on parting.
brother: To treat as a brother.
drawing: present participle and gerund of draw
precise: To make or render precise; to specify.
breathe: To draw air into (inhale), and expel air from (exhale), the lungs in order to extract oxygen and excrete waste gases.
breathe: To take in needed gases and expel waste gases in a similar way.
breathe: To inhale (a gas) to sustain life.
breathe: To live.
breathe: To draw something into the lungs.
breathe: To expel air from the lungs, exhale.
breathe: To exhale or expel (something) in the manner of breath.
breathe: To give an impression of, to exude.
breathe: To whisper quietly.
breathe: To pass like breath; noiselessly or gently; to emanate; to blow gently.
breathe: To inspire (scripture).
breathe: To exchange gases with the environment.
breathe: To rest; to stop and catch one's breath.
breathe: To stop, to give (a horse) an opportunity to catch its breath.
breathe: To exercise; to tire by brisk exercise.
breathe: To passionately devote much of one's life to (an activity, etc.).
chamois: To clean with a chamois leather cloth.
gangway: To serve as, furnish with, or conduct oneself as though proceeding on a gangway.
macadam: To cover or surface with macadam.
perfect: To make perfect; to improve or hone.
perfect: To take an action, usually the filing of a document in the correct venue, that secures a legal right.
highway: To travel on a highway
traffic: To pass goods and commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods or money; to buy or sell goods.
traffic: To trade meanly or mercenarily; to bargain.
traffic: To exchange in traffic; to effect by a bargain or for a consideration.
surfeit: To fill (something) to excess.
surfeit: To feed (someone) to excess (on, upon or with something).
surfeit: To make (someone) sick as a result of overconsumption.
surfeit: To supply (someone) with something to excess; to disgust (someone) through overabundance.
surfeit: To satisfy (someone's appetite) to excess (both literally and figuratively).
surfeit: To overeat or feed to excess (on or upon something).
surfeit: To indulge (in something) to excess.
surfeit: To become sick from overindulgence (both literally and figuratively).
pretzel: To bend, twist, or contort.
brought: simple past and past participle of bring
festoon: To decorate with ornaments, such as garlands or chains, which hang loosely from two tacked spots.
festoon: To make festoons.
festoon: To decorate or bedeck abundantly.
festoon: To apply texturing to (a denture) to simulate human tissue.
accused: simple past and past participle of accuse
dreamed: simple past and past participle of dream
dwelled: simple past and past participle of dwell
forbade: simple past of forbid
foresaw: simple past of foresee
forsook: simple past of forsake
forgave: simple past of forgive
foresee: To be able to see beforehand: to anticipate; predict.
foresee: To provide.
kneeled: simple past and past participle of kneel
knitted: simple past and past participle of knit
lighted: simple past and past participle of light
implied: simple past and past participle of imply
mistook: simple past of mistake
mislaid: simple past and past participle of mislay
mishear: To hear wrongly.
mishear: To misunderstand.
weather: To expose to the weather, or show the effects of such exposure, or to withstand such effects.
weather: To sustain the trying effect of; to bear up against and overcome; to endure; to resist.
weather: To break down, of rocks and other materials, under the effects of exposure to rain, sunlight, temperature, and air.
weather: To cause (rocks) to break down by crushing, grinding, and/or dissolving with acids.
weather: To pass to windward in a vessel, especially to beat 'round.
weather: To endure or survive an event or action without undue damage.
weather: To place (a hawk) unhooded in the open air.
drunken: past participle of drink
drunken: To make or become drunk or drunken; intoxicate
inflect: To cause to curve inwards.
inflect: To change the tone or pitch of the voice when speaking or singing.
inflect: To vary the form of a word to express tense, gender, number, mood, etc.
inflect: To be varied in the form to express tense, gender, number, mood, etc.
inflect: To influence in style.
grammar: To discourse according to the rules of grammar; to use grammar.
misread: To read wrongly; misconstrue; misinterpret; mistake the sense or significance of.
forgive: To pardon (someone); to waive any negative feeling towards or desire for punishment or retribution against.
forgive: To pardon for (something); to waive any negative feeling over or retribution for.
forgive: To waive or remit (a debt), to absolve from payment or compensation of.
forgive: To accord forgiveness.
forgive: To look past; to look beyond.
forgive: To redeem; to offset the bad effects of something.
prattle: To speak incessantly and in an inconsequential or childish manner; to babble.
bepaint: To paint; to cover or color with, or as with, paint.
sandbox: To restrict (a program, etc.) by placing it in a sandbox.
forsake: To abandon, to give up, to leave (permanently), to renounce (someone or something).
forsake: To decline or refuse (something offered).
forsake: To avoid or shun (someone or something).
forsake: To cause disappointment to; to be insufficient for (someone or something).
learned: simple past and past participle of learn
spelled: simple past and past participle of spell
disgust: To cause an intense dislike for something.
science: To cause to become versed in science; to make skilled; to instruct.
science: To use science to solve a problem.
upcheer: To cheer up.
mislead: To lead astray, in a false direction.
mislead: To deceive by telling lies or otherwise giving a false impression.
mislead: To deceptively trick into something wrong.
mislead: To accidentally or intentionally confuse.
outdone: past participle of outdo
outgrew: simple past of outgrow
outsold: simple past and past participle of outsell
outsell: To sell more than; to surpass in sales.
outsell: To sell at a higher price (than)
reading: present participle and gerund of read
outgrow: To become too big in size or too mature in age or outlook to continue to want, need, use, experience, or accept some object, practice, condition, belief, etc.
outgrow: To grow faster or larger than.
distend: To extend or expand, as from internal pressure; to swell
distend: To extend; to stretch out; to spread out.
distend: To cause to swell.
distend: To cause gravidity.
twaddle: To talk or write nonsense; to prattle.
overate: simple past of overeat
overlie: To lie over or upon
overlie: To suffocate by lying upon
overran: simple past of overrun
oversaw: simple past of oversee
writing: present participle and gerund of write
partook: simple past of partake
pre-set: Alternative form of preset
pleaded: simple past and past participle of plead
quitted: simple past and past participle of quit
overpay: To pay too much.
overpay: To be more than an ample reward for.
re-laid: simple past and past participle of re-lay
rebuilt: simple past and past participle of rebuild
rewound: simple past and past participle of rewind
rewrote: simple past of rewrite
overlay: To lay, spread, or apply something over or across; cover.
overlay: To overwhelm; to press excessively upon.
overlay: To lie over (someone, especially a child) in order to smother it; to suffocate.
overlay: To put an overlay on.
overlay: To bet too much money on.
overlay: simple past of overlie
partake: To take part in an activity; to participate.
partake: To take a share or portion (of or in).
partake: To have something of the properties, character, or office (of).
overeat: To eat too much.
overeat: To surfeit with eating.
sheared: simple past and past participle of shear
overrun: To defeat an enemy and invade in great numbers, seizing the enemy positions conclusively.
overrun: To infest, swarm over, flow over.
overrun: To run past; to run beyond.
overrun: To run past; to run beyond.
overrun: To run past the end of.
overrun: To continue for too long.
overrun: To carry (some type, a line or column, etc.) backward or forward into an adjacent line or page.
overrun: To go beyond; to extend in part beyond.
overrun: To abuse or oppress, as if by treading upon.
mistake: To understand wrongly, taking one thing or person for another.
mistake: To misunderstand (someone).
mistake: To commit an unintentional error; to do or think something wrong.
mistake: To take or choose wrongly.
oversee: To survey, look at something in a wide angle.
oversee: To supervise, guide, review or direct the actions of a person or group.
oversee: To inspect, examine
oversee: To fail to see; to overlook, ignore.
oversee: To observe secretly or unintentionally.
rethink: To think again about something, with the intention of changing or replacing it.
tractor: To prepare (land) with a tractor.
tractor: To drive a tractor.
tractor: To move with a tractor beam.
tractor: To treat by means of tractoration, or Perkinism.
rebuild: To build again or anew.
rewrite: To write again, differently; to modify; to revise.
rewrite: To write again (without changes).
rewrite: To replace subterms of a formula with other terms, according to certain rules, by way of transformation.
rebound: To bound or spring back from a force.
rebound: To give back an echo.
rebound: To jump up or get back up again.
rebound: To send back; to reverberate.
rebound: To catch the ball after it has hit the rim or backboard without scoring a basket for the other team.
rebound: simple past and past participle of rebind
attempt: To try.
attempt: To try to move, by entreaty, by afflictions, or by temptations; to tempt.
attempt: To try to win, subdue, or overcome.
attempt: To attack; to make an effort or attack upon; to try to take by force.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To present an account of; to answer for, to justify.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To give an account of financial transactions, money received etc.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To estimate, consider (something to be as described).
account: To provide explanation.
account: To consider that.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To give a satisfactory evaluation for financial transactions, money received etc.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To give a satisfactory evaluation for (one's actions, behaviour etc.); to answer for.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To give a satisfactory reason for; to explain.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To establish the location for someone.
account: To provide explanation.
account: To cause the death, capture, or destruction of someone or something (+ for).
account: To count.
account: To calculate, work out (especially with periods of time).
account: To count.
account: To count (up), enumerate.
account: To count.
account: To recount, relate (a narrative etc.).
thunder: To produce thunder; to sound, rattle, or roar, as a discharge of atmospheric electricity.
thunder: To make a noise like thunder.
thunder: To (make something) move very fast (with loud noise).
thunder: To say (something) with a loud, threatening voice.
thunder: To produce something with incredible power.
smelled: simple past and past participle of smell
speeded: simple past and past participle of speed
mollify: To ease a burden, particularly worry; make less painful; to comfort.
mollify: To appease (anger), pacify, gain the good will of.
mollify: To soften; to make tender
emulate: To attempt to equal or be the same as.
emulate: To copy or imitate, especially a person.
emulate: To feel a rivalry with; to be jealous of, to envy.
emulate: of a program or device: to imitate another program or device
strewed: simple past of strew
strewed: past participle of strew
striven: past participle of strive
strived: simple past and past participle of strive
swelled: simple past and past participle of swell
parasol: To protect with, or as if with, a parasol; to shade.
spoiled: simple past and past participle of spoil
trodden: past participle of tread
unbound: simple past and past participle of unbind
curtail: To cut short the tail of an animal
curtail: To shorten or abridge the duration of something; to truncate.
curtail: To limit or restrict, keep in check.
unwound: simple past and past participle of unwind
unwound: to make (someone’s) wounds go away, to heal
stiffen: To make stiff.
stiffen: To become stiff.
machine: To make by machinery.
machine: To shape or finish by machinery; (usually, more specifically) to shape subtractively by metal-cutting with machine-controlled toolpaths.
swollen: past participle of swell
curtain: To cover (a window) with a curtain; to hang curtains.
curtain: To hide, cover or separate as if by a curtain.
disdain: To regard (someone or something) with strong contempt.
disdain: To be indignant or offended.
bitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of bitter
brusque: To act towards (someone or something) in a curt or rudely abrupt manner.
complex: To form a complex with another substance
complex: To complicate.
freight: To load (a vehicle or vessel) with freight (cargo); also, to hire or rent out (a vehicle or vessel) to carry cargo or passengers.
freight: To transport (goods).
freight: To load or store (goods, etc.).
freight: To carry (something) as if it is a burden or load.
freight: Chiefly followed by up: to carry as part of a cargo.
skylark: To jump about joyfully, frolic; to play around, play tricks.
relaxed: simple past and past participle of relax
whistle: To make a shrill, high-pitched sound by forcing air through the mouth. To produce a whistling sound, restrictions to the flow of air are created using the teeth, tongue and lips.
whistle: To make a similar sound by forcing air through a musical instrument or a pipe etc.
whistle: To move in such a way as to create a whistling sound.
whistle: To send, signal, or call by a whistle.
applaud: To express approval (of something) by clapping the hands.
applaud: To praise, or express approval for something or someone.
concern: To relate or belong to; to have reference to or connection with; to affect the interest of; to be of importance to.
concern: To engage by feeling or sentiment; to interest.
concern: To make somebody worried.
thought: simple past and past participle of think
enforce: To keep up, impose or bring into effect something, not necessarily by force.
enforce: To give strength or force to; to affirm, to emphasize.
enforce: To strengthen (a castle, town etc.) with extra troops, fortifications etc.
enforce: To intensify, make stronger, add force to.
enforce: To exert oneself, to try hard.
enforce: To compel, oblige (someone or something); to force.
enforce: To make or gain by force; to force.
enforce: To put in motion or action by violence; to drive.
enforce: To give force to; to strengthen; to invigorate; to urge with energy.
enforce: To urge; to ply hard; to lay much stress upon.
enforce: To prove; to evince.
journey: To travel, to make a trip or voyage.
cushion: To furnish with cushions.
cushion: To seat or place on, or as on a cushion.
cushion: To absorb or deaden the impact of.
cushion: To conceal or cover up, as under a cushion.
goggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of goggle
benefit: To be or to provide a benefit to.
benefit: To receive a benefit (from); to be a beneficiary.
vulture: To circle around one's target as if one were a vulture.
decline: To move downwards, to fall, to drop.
decline: To become weaker or worse.
decline: To bend downward; to bring down; to depress; to cause to bend, or fall.
decline: To cause to decrease or diminish.
decline: To turn or bend aside; to deviate; to stray; to withdraw.
decline: To choose not to do something; refuse, forbear, refrain.
decline: To inflect for case, number, gender, and the like.
decline: To recite all the different declined forms of (a word).
decline: To run through from first to last; to recite in order as though declining a noun.
decline: To reject a penalty against the opposing team, usually because the result of accepting it would benefit the non-penalized team less than the preceding play.
balance: To bring (items) to an equipoise, as the scales of a balance by adjusting the weights.
balance: To make (concepts) agree.
balance: To hold (an object or objects) precariously; to support on a narrow base, so as to keep from falling.
balance: To compare in relative force, importance, value, etc.; to estimate.
balance: To move toward, and then back from, reciprocally.
balance: To contract, as a sail, into a narrower compass.
balance: To make the credits and debits of (an account) correspond.
balance: To be in equilibrium.
balance: To have matching credits and debits.
balance: To weigh in a balance.
balance: To hesitate or fluctuate.
peacock: To strut about proudly or haughtily.
peacock: To engage in peacocking, ostentatious dress or behaviour to impress women.
blanket: To cover with, or as if with, a blanket.
blanket: To traverse or complete thoroughly.
blanket: To toss in a blanket by way of punishment.
blanket: To take the wind out of the sails of (another vessel) by sailing to windward of it.
blanket: To nullify the impact of (someone or something).
blanket: Of a radio signal: to override or block out another radio signal.
wildcat: To drill for oil in an area where no oil has been found before.
octopus: To put (or attempt to put) one's fingers, hands or arms in many things or places at roughly the same time.
octopus: To spread out in long arms or legs in many directions.
octopus: To plug a large number of devices into a single electric outlet.
octopus: To grow in use vastly beyond what was originally intended.
octopus: To hunt and catch octopuses.
octopus: To behave like an octopus.
buffalo: To hunt buffalo.
buffalo: To outwit, confuse, deceive, or intimidate.
buffalo: To pistol-whip.
boiling: present participle and gerund of boil
capture: To take control of; to seize by force or stratagem.
capture: To store (as in sounds or image) for later revisitation.
capture: To reproduce convincingly.
capture: To remove or take control of an opponent’s piece in a game (e.g., chess, go, checkers).
control: To exercise influence over; to suggest or dictate the behavior of.
control: (construed with for) To design (an experiment) so that the effects of one or more variables are reduced or eliminated.
control: To verify the accuracy of (something or someone, especially a financial account) by comparison with another account.
control: To call to account, to take to task, to challenge.
control: To hold in check, to curb, to restrain.
duchess: to court or curry favour for political or business advantage; to flatter obsequiously.
shallow: To make or become less deep.
chicken: To avoid a situation one is afraid of.
augment: To increase; to make larger or supplement.
augment: To grow; to increase; to become greater.
augment: To slow the tempo or meter, e.g. for a dramatic or stately passage.
augment: To increase an interval, especially the largest interval in a triad, by a half step (chromatic semitone).
augment: To add an augment to.
empress: Rare form of impress.
stomach: To tolerate (something), emotionally, physically, or mentally; to stand or handle something.
stomach: To be angry.
stomach: To resent; to remember with anger; to dislike.
stomach: To turn the stomach of; to sicken or repel.
correct: To make something that was wrong become right; to remove error from.
correct: To grade (examination papers).
correct: To inform (someone) of their error.
correct: To discipline; to punish.
swallow: To cause (food, drink etc.) to pass from the mouth into the stomach; to take into the stomach through the throat.
swallow: To take (something) in so that it disappears; to consume, absorb.
swallow: To take food down into the stomach; to make the muscular contractions of the oesophagus to achieve this, often taken as a sign of nervousness or strong emotion.
swallow: To accept easily or without questions; to believe, accept.
swallow: To engross; to appropriate; usually with up.
swallow: To retract; to recant.
swallow: To put up with; to bear patiently or without retaliation.
courage: To encourage.
courage: 1530, William Tyndale, An Answer unto Sir Thomas More's Dialogue
courage: Paul writeth unto Timothy, to instruct him, to teach him, to exhort, to courage him, to stir him up,
display: To show conspicuously; to exhibit; to demonstrate; to manifest.
display: To make a display; to act as one making a show or demonstration.
display: To extend the front of (a column), bringing it into line, deploy.
display: To make conspicuous by using large or prominent type.
display: To discover; to descry.
display: To spread out, to unfurl.
tangled: simple past and past participle of tangle
profile: To create a summary or collection of information about (a person, etc.).
profile: To act based on such a summary, especially one that is a stereotype; to engage in profiling.
profile: To draw in profile or outline.
profile: To give a definite form by chiselling, milling, etc.
profile: To measure the performance of various parts of (a program) so as to locate bottlenecks.
upclimb: To climb up; to ascend.
molding: present participle and gerund of mold
lifting: present participle and gerund of lift
revenue: To generate revenue.
revenue: To supply with revenue.
exhaust: To draw or let out wholly; to drain off completely.
exhaust: To empty by drawing or letting out the contents
exhaust: To use up; to deplete, drain or expend wholly, or until the supply comes to an end
exhaust: To tire out; to wear out; to cause to be without any energy.
exhaust: To discuss thoroughly or completely.
exhaust: To subject to the action of various solvents in order to remove all soluble substances or extractives.
exhaust: To expel (as exhaust).
exhaust: To discharge or escape (as exhaust).
welding: present participle and gerund of weld
deposit: To lay down; to place; to put.
deposit: To lay up or away for safekeeping; to put up; to store.
deposit: To entrust one's assets to the care of another. Sometimes done as collateral.
deposit: To put money or funds into an account.
deposit: To lay aside; to rid oneself of.
worship: To reverence (a deity, etc.) with supreme respect and veneration; to perform religious exercises in honour of.
worship: To honour with extravagant love and extreme submission, as a lover; to adore; to idolize.
worship: To participate in religious ceremonies.
opinion: To have or express as an opinion.
content: To give contentment or satisfaction; to satisfy; to make happy.
content: To satisfy the expectations of; to pay; to requite.
prepose: To place or set before; to prefix.
charade: To act out a charade (of); to gesture; to pretend.
massage: To rub and knead (someone's body or a part of a body), to perform a massage on (somebody).
massage: To manipulate (data, a document etc.) to make it more presentable or more convenient to work with.
massage: To falsify (data or accounts).
handsel: To give a handsel to.
handsel: To inaugurate by means of some ceremony; to break in.
handsel: To use or do for the first time, especially so as to make fortunate or unfortunate; to try experimentally.
stealth: To conceal or infiltrate through the use of stealth.
stealth: To have sexual intercourse without a condom through deception (for example, removing the condom mid-act).
strokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stroke
context: To knit or bind together; to unite closely.
collect: To gather together; amass.
collect: To get; particularly, get from someone.
collect: To accumulate (a number of similar or related objects), particularly for a hobby or recreation.
collect: To form a conclusion; to deduce, infer. (Compare gather, get.)
collect: To collect payments.
collect: To come together in a group or mass.
collect: To infer; to conclude.
collect: To collide with or crash into (another vehicle or obstacle).
rifling: present participle and gerund of rifle
physics: third-person singular simple present indicative of physic
refresh: To renew or revitalize.
refresh: To become fresh again; to be revitalized.
refresh: To reload (a document, especially a webpage) and show any new changes.
refresh: To cause (a web browser or similar software) to refresh its display.
refresh: To perform the periodic energizing required to maintain the contents of computer memory, the display luminance of a computer screen, etc.
refresh: To take refreshment; to eat or drink.
passage: To pass something, such as a pathogen or stem cell, through a host or medium.
passage: To make a passage, especially by sea; to cross.
passage: To execute a passage movement.
execute: To kill, especially as punishment for a capital crime.
execute: To carry out; to put into effect.
execute: To perform.
execute: To carry out, to perform an act; to put into effect or cause to become legally binding or valid (as a contract) by so doing.
execute: To start, launch or run
execute: To run, usually successfully.
lullaby: To sing a lullaby to.
hangdog: To move or loiter in a sneaking or ashamed manner.
squelch: To halt, stop, eliminate, stamp out, or put down, often suddenly or by force.
squelch: To suppress the unwanted hiss or static between received transmissions by adjusting a threshold level for signal strength.
squelch: To make a sucking, splashing noise as when walking on muddy ground.
squelch: To walk or step through a substance such as mud.
put off: To postpone, especially through procrastination.
put off: To delay (a task, event, etc.).
put off: To distract; to disturb the concentration of.
put off: To cause to dislike; to discourage (from doing).
put off: To emit; to give off (an odor, smoke, etc.).
put off: To take off (something worn).
put out: To blind (eyes).
put out: To place outside, to remove, particularly
put out: To expel.
put out: To place outside, to remove, particularly
put out: To remove from office.
put out: To place outside, to remove, particularly
put out: To cause something to be out, particularly
put out: To cause someone to be out of sorts; to annoy, impose, inconvenience, or disturb.
put out: To cause something to be out, particularly
put out: To knock out: to eliminate from a competition.
put out: To cause something to be out, particularly
put out: To cause a player on offense to be out.
put out: To cause something to be out, particularly
put out: Synonym of knock out: to render unconscious.
put out: To go out, to head out, especially (sailing) to set sail.
put out: To cause something to go out, particularly
put out: To produce, to emit.
put out: To cause something to go out, particularly
put out: To express.
put out: To cause something to go out, particularly
put out: To broadcast, to publish.
put out: To cause something to go out, particularly
put out: To dislocate (a joint).
put out: To cause something to go out, particularly
put out: To extinguish (fire).
put out: To cause something to go out, particularly
put out: To turn off (light).
put out: To consent to sex.
kick in: To kick or strike so as to cause the object struck to collapse or fall inwards.
kick in: To kick or strike (a person); to beat up
kick in: To start, connect, or take effect, especially in a sudden way.
kick in: To contribute, especially to a collection of money.
hang on: To wait a moment.
hang on: To hold, grasp, or grip.
hang on: To keep; to store something for someone.
hang on: To pay close attention to, or regard with (possibly obsequious) admiration.
hang on: To continually believe in something; to have faith in.
hang on: To persevere.
hang on: To depend upon.
hang on: To weigh down or oppress.
hold on: To grasp or grip firmly.
hold on: To keep; to store something for someone.
hold on: Wait a short while.
hold on: To remain loyal.
hold on: To persist.
hold up: To wait or delay.
hold up: To impede; detain.
hold up: To support or lift.
hold up: To support or lift.
hold up: To highlight, as if lifting up for display.
hold up: To withstand; to stand up to; to survive.
hold up: To fulfil or complete one's part of an agreement.
hold up: To rob at gunpoint.
hold up: To keep up; not to fall behind; not to lose ground.
hold up: (Of an artistic work) To continue to be seen as good, to avoid seeming dated.
hold it: Wait a minute; stop.
hold it: To wait to urinate or defecate despite present urgency.
hold it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hold, it.
eclipse: Of astronomical or atmospheric bodies, to cause an eclipse.
eclipse: To overshadow; to be better or more noticeable than.
eclipse: To undergo eclipsis.
bepinch: To pinch, or mark with pinches.
bepinch: To pinch all over.
beprose: To reduce to prose.
bicycle: To travel or exercise using a bicycle.
bicycle: To physically ship (a recorded programme) to another broadcasting entity.
feather: To cover or furnish with feathers; (when of an arrow) to fletch.
feather: To adorn, as if with feathers; to fringe.
feather: To arrange in the manner or appearance of feathers.
feather: To rotate the oars while they are out of the water to reduce wind resistance.
feather: To streamline the blades of an aircraft's propeller by rotating them perpendicular to the axis of the propeller when the engine is shut down so that the propeller does not windmill during flight.
feather: To finely shave or bevel an edge.
feather: To intergrade or blend the pixels of an image with those of a background or neighboring image.
feather: Of written or printed ink: to take on a blurry appearance as a result of spreading through the receiving medium.
feather: To render light as a feather; to give wings to.
feather: To enrich; to exalt; to benefit.
feather: To tread, as a cockerel.
feather: To move the cue back and forth along the bridge in preparation for striking the cue ball.
feather: To accidentally touch the cue ball with the tip of the cue when taking aim.
feather: To touch lightly, like (or as if with) a feather.
feather: To move softly, like a feather.
corrupt: To make corrupt; to change from good to bad; to draw away from the right path; to deprave; to pervert.
corrupt: To become putrid, tainted, or otherwise impure; to putrefy; to rot.
corrupt: To introduce errors; to place into an invalid state.
corrupt: To debase or make impure by alterations or additions; to falsify.
corrupt: To waste, spoil, or consume; to make worthless.
premier: To perform, display or exhibit for the first time.
premier: To govern in the role of premier.
respect: To have respect for.
respect: To have regard for something, to observe a custom, practice, rule or right.
respect: To abide by an agreement.
respect: To take notice of; to regard as worthy of special consideration; to heed.
respect: To relate to; to be concerned with.
respect: To regard; to consider; to deem.
respect: To look toward; to face.
petting: present participle and gerund of pet
imprint: To leave a print, impression, image, etc.
imprint: To learn something indelibly at a particular stage of life, such as who one's parents are.
imprint: To mark a gene as being from a particular parent so that only one of the two copies of the gene is expressed.
fencing: present participle and gerund of fence
accurst: past participle of accurse
accurse: To damn; to wish misery or evil upon
tainted: simple past and past participle of taint
whither: To wuther.
launder: To wash; to wash, and to smooth with a flatiron or mangle; to wash and iron.
launder: To lave; to wet.
launder: To disguise the source of (ill-gotten wealth) by various means.
launder: To obtain a pointer to an object created in storage occupied by an existing object of the same type, even if it has const or reference members.
recycle: To break down and reuse component materials.
recycle: To reuse as a whole.
recycle: To collect or place in a bin for recycling.
recycle: To be recycled.
recycle: To discard into a recycling bin.
recycle: To put (a person) through a course of training again.
recycle: To skate toward the rear of the engagement zone to maximize the time that an opposing jammer must spend before returning to the action.
plywood: To fit or block up with plywood.
blessed: simple past and past participle of bless
omnibus: To combine (legislative bills, etc.) into a single package.
omnibus: To drive an omnibus.
omnibus: To travel or be transported by omnibus.
condemn: To strongly criticise or denounce; to excoriate the perpetrators of.
condemn: To judicially pronounce (someone) guilty.
condemn: To judicially announce a verdict upon a finding of guilt; To sentence
condemn: To confer eternal divine punishment upon.
condemn: To adjudge (a building) as being unfit for habitation.
condemn: To adjudge (building or construction work) as of unsatisfactory quality, requiring the work to be redone.
condemn: To adjudge (food or drink) as being unfit for human consumption.
condemn: To declare something to be unfit for use, or further use.
condemn: To determine and declare (property) to be assigned to public use. See eminent domain.
condemn: To declare (a vessel) to be forfeited to the government, to be a prize, or to be unfit for service.
prorate: To divide proportionately, especially by day; to divide pro rata.
acetify: To convert into acid or vinegar.
acetify: To turn acid
circuit: To move in a circle; to go round; to circulate.
circuit: To travel around.
mission: To send on a mission.
mission: To do missionary work, proselytize.
boulder: To engage in bouldering.
surname: To give a surname to.
surname: To call by a surname.
acetize: To acetify.
proctor: to function as a proctor
proctor: to manage as an attorney or agent
pricing: present participle and gerund of price
pennies: third-person singular simple present indicative of penny
banging: present participle and gerund of bang
accourt: To treat courteously; to court.
accrete: To grow together, combine; to fuse.
accrete: To adhere; to grow or to be added to gradually.
accrete: To make adhere; to add; to make larger or more, as by growing.
consume: To use up.
consume: To eat.
consume: To completely occupy the thoughts or attention of.
consume: To destroy completely.
consume: To waste away slowly.
consume: To trade money for good or services as an individual.
consume: To absorb information, especially through the mass media.
contain: To hold inside.
contain: To include as a part.
contain: To put constraints upon; to restrain; to confine; to keep within bounds.
contain: To have as an element or subset.
contain: To restrain desire; to live in continence or chastity.
produce: To bring forth, to yield, make, manufacture, or otherwise generate.
produce: To make or yield something.
produce: To make (a thing) available to a person, an authority, etc.; to provide for inspection.
produce: To sponsor and present (a motion picture, etc) to an audience or to the public.
produce: To extend an area, or lengthen a line.
produce: To draw out; to extend; to lengthen or prolong.
produce: To alter using technology, as opposed to simply performing.
furnace: To heat in a furnace.
furnace: To exhale like a furnace.
amalgam: To amalgamate (something) with a thing.
secrete: To extract a substance from blood, sap, or similar to produce and emit waste for excretion or for the fulfilling of a physiological function.
secrete: To exude or yield.
secrete: To conceal.
strange: To alienate; to estrange.
strange: To be estranged or alienated.
strange: To wonder; to be astonished at (something).
payroll: To place on a payroll.
sulphur: Alternative spelling of sulfur
pyramid: To build up or be arranged in the form of a pyramid.
pyramid: To combine (a series of genes) into a single genotype.
pyramid: To employ, or take part in, a pyramid scheme.
pyramid: To engage in pyramid trading.
pyramid: To increase to or towards a peak.
unknown: past participle of unknow
publish: To issue (something, such as printed work) for distribution and/or sale.
publish: To announce to the public.
publish: To issue the work of (an author).
publish: To disseminate (a message) publicly via a newsgroup, forum, blog, etc.
publish: To issue a medium (e.g. publication).
publish: To have one's work accepted for a publication.
publish: To be made available in a printed publication or other medium.
publish: To make (information such as an event) available to components that wish to be notified (subscribers).
publish: To preach (as a Jehovah's Witness).
primary: To challenge (an incumbent sitting politician) for their political party's nomination to run for re-election, through running a challenger campaign in a primary election, especially one that is more ideologically extreme.
primary: To take part in a primary election.
deserve: To be entitled to, as a result of past actions; to be worthy to have.
deserve: To earn, win.
deserve: To reward, to give in return for service.
deserve: To serve; to treat; to benefit.
hip-hop: To move by hopping or with a hopping motion.
hip-hop: To perform hip-hop music.
popcorn: To stand or jump up quickly.
popcorn: To pop repeatedly, like popcorn cooking.
indulge: To yield to a temptation or desire.
indulge: To satisfy the wishes or whims of.
indulge: To give way to (a habit or temptation); to not oppose or restrain.
indulge: To grant an extension to the deadline of a payment.
indulge: To grant as by favour; to bestow in concession, or in compliance with a wish or request.
silence: To make (someone or something) silent.
silence: To repress the expression of something.
silence: To suppress criticism, etc.
silence: To block gene expression.
silence: To murder.
hole up: To go into a hole, to shelter in a hole.
hole up: To hide.
show up: To appear, arrive, or attend, especially suddenly or erratically.
show up: To be easily visible; to be conspicuous.
show up: To make visible; to expose.
show up: To make visible or expose faults and deficiencies in, usually by outdoing, outperforming, or outcompeting another.
parable: To represent by parable.
serpent: To wind or meander
serpent: To encircle.
turn in: To submit something; to give.
turn in: To relinquish; give up; to tell on someone to the authorities (especially to turn someone in).
turn in: To go to bed; to retire to bed.
turn in: To convert a goal using a turning motion of the body.
turn in: To reverse the ends of threads and insert them back into the piece being woven so they do not protrude and eventually unravel.
spelunk: To explore caves.
spelunk: To explore a system in depth.
turn up: To show up; to appear suddenly or unexpectedly.
turn up: To cause to appear; to find by searching, etc.
turn up: To increase the amount of something by means of a control, such as the volume, heat, or light.
turn up: To reposition by rotating, flipping, etc. upwards.
turn up: To belay or make fast a line on a cleat or pin.
turn up: To party hard, especially when involving alcohol or drugs.
quibble: To complain or argue in a trivial or petty manner.
quibble: To contest, especially some trivial issue in a petty manner.
lesbian: To (cause to) take part in lesbian sex, or other lesbian activity.
believe: To accept as true, particularly without absolute certainty (i.e., as opposed to knowing).
believe: To accept that someone is telling the truth.
believe: To have religious faith; to believe in a greater truth.
believe: To opine, think, reckon.
believe: To ascribe existence to.
believe: To believe that (something) is right or desirable.
believe: To have confidence in the ability or power of.
waylaid: simple past and past participle of waylay
bassoon: To play the bassoon.
bassoon: To make a bassoon-like sound.
collage: To make into a collage.
nonplus: To bewilder or perplex (someone); to confound, to flummox.
married: simple past and past participle of marry
turn on: To set a flow of fluid or gas running by rotating a tap or valve.
turn on: To power up, to put into operation, to start, to activate (an appliance, light, mechanism, functionality etc.).
turn on: To start operating; to power up, to become on.
turn on: To introduce (someone to something), and especially to fill them with enthusiasm (about it); to intoxicate, give pleasure to ( + to an object of interest or excitement).
turn on: To sexually arouse.
turn on: To take drugs.
turn on: To cause to take up drugs, especially hallucinogens.
turn on: To aim at.
turn on: To violently rebel against; to suddenly attack.
turn on: To depend upon; to pivot around, to have as a central subject.
beehive: To fill (a place) with busy activity.
beehive: To style ones hair in a hive-shaped or bouffant form.
climber: To ascend or mount with effort; to clamber, to climb.
sisters: third-person singular simple present indicative of sister
haven't: have not (negative form of have)
element: To compound of elements.
element: To constitute and be the elements of.
mustn't: must not (negative auxiliary); used to indicate that something is forbidden or, in a tag question, that something is not necessary.
doesn't: Does not (negative auxiliary)
outrage: To cause or commit an outrage upon; to treat with violence or abuse.
outrage: To inspire feelings of outrage in.
outrage: To sexually violate; to rape.
outrage: To rage in excess of.
needn't: Need not.
heating: present participle and gerund of heat
perfume: To apply perfume to; to fill or impregnate with a perfume; to scent.
jackass: To behave very obnoxiously.
bracket: To support by means of mechanical brackets.
bracket: To enclose in typographical brackets.
bracket: To bound on both sides, to surround, as enclosing with brackets.
bracket: To place in the same category.
bracket: To mark distinctly for special treatment.
bracket: To set aside, discount, ignore.
bracket: To gauge the range of a target by firing equally short and long of it and ranging the weapon between the two to achieve a very accurate hit.
bracket: To take multiple images of the same subject, using a range of exposure settings, in order to help ensure that a satisfactory image is obtained.
bracket: In the philosophical system of Edmund Husserl and his followers, to set aside metaphysical theories and existential questions concerning what is real in order to focus philosophical attention simply on the actual content of experience.
amazing: present participle and gerund of amaze
congeal: To change from a liquid to solid state, perhaps due to cold; called to freeze in nontechnical usage.
congeal: To coagulate, make curdled or semi-solid such as gel or jelly.
congeal: To make rigid or immobile.
congeal: To become congealed, solidify.
autopsy: To perform an autopsy on.
autopsy: To perform an after-the-fact analysis of, especially of a failure.
include: To bring into a group, class, set, or total as a (new) part or member.
include: To consider as part of something; to comprehend.
include: To enclose, confine.
include: To conclude; to terminate.
include: To use a directive that allows the use of source code from another file.
process: To perform a particular process on a thing.
process: To retrieve, store, classify, manipulate, transmit etc. (data, signals, etc.), especially using computer techniques.
process: To think about a piece of information, or a concept, in order to assimilate it, and perhaps accept it in a modified state.
process: To develop photographic film.
process: To take legal proceedings against.
process: To walk in a procession
pretext: To employ a pretext, which involves using a false or contrived purpose for soliciting the gain of something else.
beetles: third-person singular simple present indicative of beetle
explore: To seek for something or after someone.
explore: To examine or investigate something systematically.
explore: To travel somewhere in search of discovery.
explore: To examine diagnostically.
explore: To (seek) experience first hand.
explore: To be engaged exploring in any of the above senses.
explore: To wander without any particular aim or purpose.
explore: To seek sexual variety, to sow one's wild oats.
snooker: To play the game of snooker.
snooker: To fool or bamboozle.
snooker: To place the cue ball in such a position that (the opponent) cannot directly hit the required ball with it.
snooker: To put (someone) in a difficult situation.
snooker: To become or cause to become inebriated.
history: To narrate or record.
compose: To make something by merging parts.
compose: To make up the whole; to constitute.
compose: To comprise.
compose: To construct by mental labor; to think up; particularly, to produce or create a literary or musical work.
compose: To calm; to free from agitation.
compose: To arrange the elements of a photograph or other picture.
compose: To settle (an argument, dispute etc.); to come to a settlement.
compose: To arrange in proper form; to reduce to order; to put in proper state or condition.
compose: To arrange (types) in a composing stick for printing; to typeset.
request: To ask for (something).
request: To ask (somebody) to do something.
defunct: To make defunct.
tobacco: To indulge in tobacco; to smoke.
tobacco: To treat with tobacco.
typhoon: To swirl like a hurricane.
cyclone: To separate using a cyclone separator.
cyclone: To storm as a cyclone.
cyclone: To whirl in spirals as a result of a cyclone or whirlwind-like force.
cyclone: To storm wildly; to be in a frenzy.
service: To serve.
service: To perform maintenance.
service: To serve.
service: To supply (media outlets) with press releases etc.
service: To serve.
service: To inseminate through sexual intercourse.
service: To perform a sexual act upon.
service: To attack.
chortle: To laugh with a chortle or chortles.
baffled: simple past and past participle of baffle
obviate: To anticipate and prevent or bypass (something which would otherwise have been necessary or required).
obviate: To avoid (a future problem or difficult situation).
special: To supervise a patient one-on-one.
bonjour: To greet in French with "bonjour".
burglar: To commit burglary; to burgle.
spanner: To use a spanner; to fix with a spanner
draught: Alternative spelling of draft
sunrise: To phase in.
trailer: To load on a trailer or to transport by trailer.
pattern: To apply a pattern.
pattern: To make or design (anything) by, from, or after, something that serves as a pattern; to copy; to model; to imitate.
pattern: To follow an example.
pattern: To fit into a pattern.
pattern: To serve as an example for.
pattern: To observe an animal closely over time in order to discern its habitual movements and behaviours.
pattern: To arrange, to organise, to fix.
diamond: To adorn with or as if with diamonds.
hee-haw: To utter the cry of an ass or donkey.
clothes: third-person singular simple present indicative of clothe
glasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of glass
rub out: To delete or erase or remove (something) by rubbing.
rub out: To get by; to live.
rub out: To kill, especially to murder.
vehicle: to transport in a vehicle, or as if in a vehicle
vehicle: to travel in a vehicle
lattice: To make a lattice of.
lattice: To close, as an opening, with latticework; to furnish with a lattice.
unicorn: To participate in a sexual threesome as a bisexual addition to an established heterosexual couple.
unicorn: To exceed a valuation of one billion U.S. dollars, while solely backed by venture capitalists.
hiccups: third-person singular simple present indicative of hiccup
attract: To pull toward without touching.
attract: To draw by moral, emotional or sexual influence; to engage or fix, as the mind, attention, etc.; to invite or allure.
attract: To incur.
qualify: To describe or characterize something by listing its qualities.
qualify: To make someone, or to become competent or eligible for some position or task.
qualify: To certify or license someone for something.
qualify: To modify, limit, restrict or moderate something; especially to add conditions or requirements for an assertion to be true.
qualify: To mitigate, alleviate (something); to make less disagreeable.
qualify: To compete successfully in some stage of a competition and become eligible for the next stage.
qualify: To give individual quality to; to modulate; to vary; to regulate.
qualify: To throw and catch each object at least twice.
steward: To act as the steward or caretaker of (something)
colored: simple past and past participle of color
varnish: To apply varnish.
varnish: To cover up with varnish.
varnish: To make something superficially or deceptively attractive
varnish: To gloss over a defect.
secures: third-person singular simple present indicative of secure
abusing: present participle and gerund of abuse
abetted: simple past and past participle of abet
abutted: simple past and past participle of abut
fucking: present participle and gerund of fuck
culture: to maintain in an environment suitable for growth (especially of bacteria) (compare cultivate)
culture: to increase the artistic or scientific interest (in something) (compare cultivate)
recurse: To execute a procedure recursively.
comfort: To relieve the distress or suffering of; to provide comfort to.
comfort: To make comfortable.
comfort: To make strong; to invigorate; to fortify; to corroborate.
comfort: To assist or help; to aid.
adhered: simple past and past participle of adhere
squeeze: To apply pressure to from two or more sides at once.
squeeze: To embrace closely; to give a tight hug to.
squeeze: To fit into a tight place.
squeeze: To remove something with difficulty, or apparent difficulty.
squeeze: To put in a difficult position by presenting two or more choices.
squeeze: To oppress with hardships, burdens, or taxes; to harass.
squeeze: To attempt to score a runner from third by bunting.
arguing: present participle and gerund of argue
admired: simple past and past participle of admire
receipt: To give or write a receipt (for something).
receipt: To put a receipt on, as by writing or stamping; to mark a bill as having been paid.
assumed: simple past and past participle of assume
develop: To discover, find out; to uncover.
develop: To change with a specific direction, progress.
develop: To progress through a sequence of stages.
develop: To advance; to further; to promote the growth of.
develop: To create.
develop: To bring out images latent in photographic film.
develop: To acquire something usually over a period of time.
develop: To place one's pieces actively.
develop: To cause a ball to become more open and available to be played on later. Usually by moving it away from the cushion, or by opening a pack.
develop: To change the form of (an algebraic expression, etc.) by executing certain indicated operations without changing the value.
destroy: To damage beyond use or repair.
destroy: To neutralize, undo a property or condition.
destroy: To put down or euthanize.
destroy: To severely disrupt the well-being of (a person); ruin.
destroy: To utterly defeat; to crush.
destroy: To remove data.
destroy: To exhaust completely and thus recreate or build up.
destroy: To penetrate sexually in an aggressive way.
destroy: To sing a song extremely poorly.
afeared: simple past and past participle of afear
advised: simple past and past participle of advise
acrobat: To practise acrobatics.
acrobat: To move like an acrobat (with agility, balance, long leaps, etc.).
liaison: To liaise.
acquire: To get.
acquire: To gain, usually by one's own exertions; to get as one's own
acquire: To become affected by an illness.
acquire: To sample signals and convert them into digital values.
connect: To join (to another object): to attach, or to be intended to attach or capable of attaching, to another object.
connect: To join: to attach, or to be intended to attach or capable of attaching, to each other.
connect: To arrive at an intended target; to land.
connect: To join (two other objects), or to join (one object) to (another object): to be a link between two objects, thereby attaching them to each other.
connect: To join (two other objects), or to join (one object) to (another object): to take one object and attach it to another.
connect: To join an electrical or telephone line to a circuit or network.
connect: To associate; to establish a relation between.
connect: To make a travel connection; to switch from one means of transport to another as part of the same trip.
matinee: To put on a matinee performance (of).
tantrum: To throw a tantrum.
feceate: To discharge feces from the digestive tract.
cricket: To play the game of cricket.
agonize: To writhe with agony; to suffer violent anguish.
agonize: To struggle; to wrestle; to strive desperately, whether mentally or physically.
agonize: To cause agony or anguish in someone.
incense: To set on fire; to inflame; to kindle; to burn.
incense: To anger or infuriate.
incense: To incite, stimulate.
incense: To offer incense to.
incense: To perfume with, or as with, incense.
passion: To suffer pain or sorrow; to experience a passion; to be extremely agitated.
passion: To give a passionate character to.
address: To prepare oneself.
address: To direct speech.
address: To aim; to direct.
address: To prepare or make ready.
address: To prepare oneself; to apply one's skill or energies (to some object); to betake.
address: To direct one’s remarks (to someone).
address: To clothe or array; to dress.
address: To direct, as words (to anyone or anything); to make, as a speech, petition, etc. (to any audience).
address: To direct speech to; to make a communication to, whether spoken or written; to apply to by words, as by a speech, petition, etc., to speak to.
address: To direct in writing, as a letter; to superscribe, or to direct and transmit.
address: To make suit to as a lover; to court; to woo.
address: To consign or entrust to the care of another, as agent or factor.
address: To address oneself to; to prepare oneself for; to apply oneself to; to direct one's speech, discourse or efforts to.
address: To direct attention towards a problem or obstacle, in an attempt to resolve it.
address: To refer to a location in computer memory.
address: To get ready to hit (the ball on the tee).
shackle: To restrain using shackles; to place in shackles.
shackle: To render immobile or incapable; to inhibit the progress or abilities of.
shackle: To shake, rattle.
agitate: To disturb or excite; to perturb or stir up (a person).
agitate: To cause to move with a violent, irregular action; to shake.
agitate: To set in motion; to actuate.
agitate: To discuss or debate.
agitate: To mull over, or think deeply about; to consider, to devise.
tracing: present participle and gerund of trace
compare: To assess the similarities and differences between two or more things ["to compare X with Y"]. Having made the comparison of X with Y, one might have found it similar to Y or different from Y.
compare: To declare two things to be similar in some respect ["to compare X to Y"].
compare: To form the three degrees of comparison of (an adjective).
compare: To be similar (often used in the negative).
compare: To get; to obtain.
amplify: To render larger, more extended, or more intense.
amplify: To enlarge by addition or commenting; to treat copiously by adding particulars, illustrations, etc.; to expand.
amplify: To increase the amplitude of something, especially of an electric current.
amplify: To add content that is not present in the source text to the target text, usually to improve the fluency of the translation.
analyse: Britain standard spelling of analyze.
exclude: To bar (someone or something) from entering; to keep out.
exclude: To expel; to put out.
exclude: To omit from consideration.
exclude: To refuse to accept (evidence) as valid.
exclude: To eliminate from diagnostic consideration.
advance: To promote or advantage.
advance: To help the progress of (something); to further.
advance: To promote or advantage.
advance: To raise (someone) in rank or office; to prefer, to promote.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To move or push (something) forwards, especially forcefully.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To make (something) happen at an earlier time or date; to bring forward, to hasten.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To move forwards; to approach.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To provide (money or other value) before it is due, or in expectation of some work; to lend.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To put forward (an idea, argument etc.); to propose.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To make progress; to do well, to succeed.
advance: To move forward in space or time.
advance: To move forward in time; to progress towards completion.
advance: To raise, be raised.
advance: To raise; to lift or elevate.
advance: To raise, be raised.
advance: To raise or increase (a price, rate).
advance: To raise, be raised.
advance: To increase (a number or amount).
advance: To raise, be raised.
advance: To make a higher bid at an auction.
amnesty: To grant a pardon (to a group)
analyze: To subject to analysis.
analyze: To resolve (anything complex) into its elements.
analyze: To separate into the constituent parts, for the purpose of an examination of each separately.
analyze: To examine in such a manner as to ascertain the elements or nature of the thing examined; as, to analyze a fossil substance, to analyze a sentence or a word, or to analyze an action to ascertain its morality.
migrate: To relocate periodically from one region to another, usually according to the seasons.
migrate: To change one's geographic pattern of habitation.
migrate: To change habitations across a border; to move from one country or political region to another.
migrate: To move slowly towards, usually in groups.
migrate: To move gradually, especially from an intended to an unintended position.
migrate: To move computer code or files from one computer or network to another.
migrate: To induce customers to shift purchases from one set of a company's related products to another.
giddyup: To cause a horse or similar mount to speed up.
giddyup: To start moving or move faster; to get a move on.
discord: To disagree; to fail to agree or harmonize; clash.
discord: To untie things which are connected by a cord.
inherit: To take possession of as a right (especially in Biblical translations).
inherit: To receive (property, a title, etc.), by legal succession or bequest after the previous owner's death.
inherit: To receive a characteristic from one's ancestors by genetic transmission.
inherit: To derive from people or conditions previously in force.
inherit: To come into an inheritance.
inherit: To derive (existing functionality) from a superclass.
inherit: To derive a new class from (a superclass).
inherit: To put in possession of.
discard: To throw away, to reject.
discard: To make a discard; to throw out a card.
discard: To dismiss from employment, confidence, or favour; to discharge.
flatbed: To transport by flatbed.
anguish: To suffer pain.
anguish: To cause to suffer pain.
impress: To affect (someone) strongly and often favourably.
impress: To make an impression, to be impressive.
impress: To produce a vivid impression of (something).
impress: To mark or stamp (something) using pressure.
impress: To produce (a mark, stamp, image, etc.); to imprint (a mark or figure upon something).
impress: To fix deeply in the mind; to present forcibly to the attention, etc.; to imprint; to inculcate.
impress: To compel (someone) to serve in a military force.
impress: To seize or confiscate (property) by force.
glutton: To glut; to satisfy (especially an appetite) by filling to capacity.
glutton: To glut; to eat voraciously.
tension: To place an object in tension, to pull or place strain on.
private: To make something hidden from the public (without deleting it permanently).
driving: present participle and gerund of drive
ceiling: present participle and gerund of ceil
urinate: To pass urine from the body.
miracle: To affect by a miracle; to work a miracle upon.
deceive: To trick or mislead.
key off: To take something as a controlling input datum.
key off: To turn off something (e.g. a car) using a key.
discuss: To converse or debate concerning a particular topic.
discuss: To communicate, tell, or disclose (information, a message, etc.).
discuss: To break to pieces; to shatter.
discuss: To deal with, in eating or drinking; consume.
discuss: To examine or search thoroughly; to exhaust a remedy against, as against a principal debtor before proceeding against the surety.
discuss: To drive away, disperse, shake off; said especially of tumors.
apparel: To dress or clothe; to attire.
apparel: To furnish with apparatus; to equip; to fit out.
apparel: To dress with external ornaments; to cover with something ornamental
stutter: To speak (words) with a spasmodic repetition of vocal sounds.
stutter: To expel a gas with difficulty.
crucify: To execute (a person) by nailing to a cross.
crucify: To punish or otherwise express extreme anger at, especially as a scapegoat or target of outrage.
crucify: To thoroughly beat at a sport or game.
outside: To ostracize or exclude.
beseech: to beg or implore (a person)
beseech: to request or beg for
stammer: To keep repeating a particular sound involuntarily during speech.
stammer: To utter with a stammer, or with timid hesitancy.
confuse: to puzzle, perplex, baffle, bewilder (somebody); to afflict by being complicated, contradictory, or otherwise difficult to understand
confuse: To mix up, muddle up (one thing with another); to mistake (one thing for another).
confuse: To mix thoroughly; to confound; to disorder.
confuse: To make uneasy and ashamed; to embarrass.
confuse: To rout; discomfit.
confuse: To be confused.
suicide: To kill oneself intentionally.
suicide: To kill (someone) and make their death appear to have been a suicide rather than a homicide (now especially as part of a conspiracy).
suicide: To self-destruct.
inverse: To compute the bearing and distance between two points.
ironing: present participle and gerund of iron
average: To compute the average of, especially the arithmetic mean.
average: Over a period of time or across members of a population, to have or generate a mean value of.
average: To divide among a number, according to a given proportion.
average: To be, generally or on average.
captain: To act as captain
captain: To exercise command of a ship, aircraft or sports team.
freckle: To cover with freckles.
freckle: To become covered with freckles.
appoint: To set, fix or determine (a time or place for something such as a meeting, or the meeting itself) by authority or agreement.
appoint: To name (someone to a post or role).
appoint: To furnish or equip (a place) completely; to provide with all the equipment or furnishings necessary; to fit out.
appoint: To equip (someone) with (something); to assign (someone) authoritatively (some equipment).
appoint: To fix the disposition of (property) by designating someone to take use of (it).
appoint: To fix with power or firmness by decree or command; to ordain or establish.
appoint: To resolve; to determine; to ordain.
meaning: present participle and gerund of mean
smitten: past participle of smite.
talk up: To talk about (something or someone) to make it seem as good as possible or to draw positive attention to it.
talk up: To talk louder.
talk up: To speak in a plain and candid way, or with bold impudence.
package: To pack or bundle something.
package: To travel on a package holiday.
package: To prepare (a book, a television series, etc.), including all stages from research to production, in order to sell the result to a publisher or broadcaster.
mattock: To cut or dig with a mattock.
fire up: To ignite.
fire up: Of an engine or similar, to start.
fire up: To launch; to run.
fire up: To excite; to infuse with energy.
fire up: To grow irritated or angry.
holiday: To take a period of time away from work or study.
holiday: To spend a period of time in recreational travel.
provost: To be delivered to a provost marshal for punishment.
combine: To bring (two or more things or activities) together; to unite.
combine: To have two or more things or properties that function together.
combine: To come together; to unite.
combine: In the game of casino, to play a card which will take two or more cards whose aggregate number of pips equals those of the card played.
combine: To bind; to hold by a moral tie.
crowbar: To force to move, usually with a crowbar; to prise.
bastard: To bastardize.
chapter: To divide into chapters.
chapter: To put into a chapter.
chapter: To use administrative procedure to remove someone.
chapter: To take to task.
cabbage: To form a head like that of the cabbage.
cabbage: To do nothing; to idle; veg out.
cabbage: To embezzle or purloin; to pilfer, to steal.
rebirth: To cause to be born again or spiritually renewed.
express: To convey or communicate; to make known or explicit.
express: To press, squeeze out (especially said of milk).
express: To translate messenger RNA into protein.
express: To transcribe deoxyribonucleic acid into messenger RNA.
blossom: To have, or open into, blossoms; to bloom.
blossom: To begin to thrive or flourish.
refugee: To convey (slaves) away from the advance of the federal forces.
enchant: To attract and delight, to charm.
enchant: To cast a spell upon (often one that attracts or charms).
enchant: To magically enhance or degrade an item.
shotgun: To inhale from a pipe or other smoking device, followed shortly by an exhalation into someone else’s mouth.
shotgun: To verbally lay claim to (something)
shotgun: To hit the ball directly back at the pitcher.
shotgun: To rapidly drink a beverage from a can by making a hole in the bottom of the can, placing the hole above one's mouth, and opening the top.
shotgun: To send out many (requests, answers to a question, etc), especially in the hope that one obtains a positive result (i.e. reveals useful information, is correct, etc), in the manner of a shotgun firing many balls of shot such that one may hit a target.
shotgun: To employ the technique of shotgun debugging.
consist: To be.
consist: To exist.
consist: To comprise or contain.
consist: To comprise, or to be composed, formed, or constituted of.
alloyed: simple past and past participle of alloy
padlock: To lock using a padlock.
waiting: present participle of wait
assuage: To lessen the intensity of, to mitigate or relieve (hunger, emotion, pain etc.).
assuage: To pacify or soothe (someone).
assuage: To calm down, become less violent (of passion, hunger etc.); to subside, to abate.
aliment: To feed, nourish.
aliment: To sustain, support.
approve: To officially sanction; to ratify; to confirm; to set as satisfactory.
approve: To regard as good; to commend; to be pleased with; to think well of.
approve: To make proof of; to demonstrate; to prove or show practically.
approve: To consider worthy (to); to be pleased (with); to accept.
approve: To show to be worthy; to demonstrate the merits of.
approve: To make profit of; to convert to one's own profit — said especially of waste or common land appropriated by the lord of the manor.
kit out: To provide with equipment.
kit out: To prepare a boat or vehicle for a voyage or journey.
kit out: To supply with or dress in a uniform, especially a sports kit.
inveigh: To complain loudly, to give voice to one's censure or criticism
inveigh: To draw in or away; to entice, inveigle.
wait on: To provide a service to (someone); to act as a servant to (someone); to serve (someone) as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant.
wait on: To wait for (a person).
wait on: To wait for (a thing, or an event to take place).
wait on: To be in store for (someone).
wait on: To visit (someone) as a courtesy, on business or for ceremony.
wait on: To occur as a consequence of (something), to result from (something).
wait on: To carry out or perform (a duty, function, etc.).
wait on: To fly above its master, waiting till game is sprung.
decimal: To represent with numbers after a decimal point.
undress: To remove one's clothing.
undress: To remove one’s clothing.
undress: To remove the clothing of (someone).
undress: To strip of something.
undress: To take the dressing, or covering, from.
enlarge: To make (something) larger.
enlarge: To grow larger.
enlarge: To increase the capacity of; to expand; to give free scope or greater scope to; also, to dilate, as with joy, affection, etc.
enlarge: To speak or write at length upon or on (some subject); expand; elaborate
enlarge: To release; to set at large.
enlarge: To get more astern or parallel with the vessel's course; to draw aft; said of the wind.
enlarge: To extend the time allowed for compliance with (an order or rule).
soprano: To sing or utter with high pitch.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To put (someone or something) in a state of activity or vigour comparable to life; to excite, to rouse.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To inspire or stimulate (an action, a feeling, etc.).
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To stimulate or assist the fermentation of (an alcoholic beverage, dough, etc.).
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To give life to (someone or something never alive or once dead); to animate, to resurrect, to revive.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To make or help (something) to burn.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To make (a drug, liquor, etc.) more effective or stimulating.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: Of a pregnant woman: to be in the state of reaching the stage of pregnancy at which the movements of the foetus are first felt.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To take on a state of activity or vigour comparable to life; to be excited or roused.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To grow bright; to brighten.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: Of an alcoholic beverage, dough, etc.: to ferment.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: Of a pregnant woman: to first feel the movements of the foetus, or reach the stage of pregnancy at which this takes place; of a foetus: to begin to move.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To give life; to make alive.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To come back to life, to receive life.
quicken: Senses relating to life or states of activity.
quicken: To inspire or stimulate.
quicken: Senses relating to speed.
quicken: To make (something) quicker or faster; to hasten, speed up.
quicken: Senses relating to speed.
quicken: (construction, nautical (shipbuilding), archaic) To shorten the radius of (a curve); to make (a curve) sharper, or (an incline) steeper.
quicken: To shorten the radius of (a curve); to make (a curve) sharper, or (an incline) steeper.
quicken: Senses relating to speed.
quicken: To become quicker or faster.
quicken: To apply quicksilver (mercury) to (something); to combine (something) with quicksilver; to quicksilver.
clamber: To climb (something) with some difficulty, or in a haphazard fashion.
dissent: To disagree; to withhold assent. Construed with from (or, formerly, to).
dissent: To differ from, especially in opinion, beliefs, etc.
dissent: To be different; to have contrary characteristics.
haircut: To reduce the value assigned to an asset.
program: To enter a program or other instructions into (a computer or other electronic device) to instruct it to do a particular task.
program: To develop (software) by writing program code.
program: To put together the schedule of an event.
program: To schedule the programming; to determine what will be broadcast.
program: To cause to automatically behave in a particular way.
tempest: To storm.
tempest: To disturb, as by a tempest.
surface: To provide something with a surface.
surface: To apply a surface to something.
surface: To rise to the surface.
surface: To bring to the surface.
surface: To come out of hiding.
surface: To become known or apparent; to appear or be found.
surface: To make (information or facts) known.
surface: To work a mine near the surface.
dispose: To eliminate or to get rid of something.
dispose: To distribute or arrange; to put in place.
dispose: To deal out; to assign to a use.
dispose: To incline.
dispose: To bargain; to make terms.
dispose: To regulate; to adjust; to settle; to determine.
chamber: To enclose in a room.
chamber: To reside in or occupy a chamber or chambers.
chamber: To place in a chamber, as a round of ammunition.
chamber: To create or modify a gun to be a specific caliber.
chamber: To prepare an offensive, defensive, or counteroffensive action by drawing a limb or weapon to a position where it may be charged with kinetic energy.
chamber: To be lascivious.
antique: To search or shop for antiques.
antique: To make (an object) appear to be an antique in some way.
antique: To emboss without gilding.
bulwark: To fortify something with a wall or rampart.
bulwark: To provide protection of defense for something.
scatter: To (cause to) separate and go in different directions; to disperse.
scatter: To distribute loosely as by sprinkling.
scatter: To deflect (radiation or particles).
scatter: To occur or fall at widely spaced intervals.
scatter: To frustrate, disappoint, and overthrow.
scatter: To be dispersed upon.
scatter: Of a pitcher: to keep down the number of hits or walks.
abating: present participle and gerund of abate
commons: third-person singular simple present indicative of common
sojourn: To reside somewhere temporarily, especially as a guest or lodger.
origami: To construct by means of decorative paper folding.
shut up: To close (a building) so that no one can enter.
shut up: To terminate (a business).
shut up: To put (someone or something) in a secure enclosed space, such as a room or container.
shut up: Of a person, to stop talking or (of a person or thing) making noise.
shut up: To murder, kill.
wedding: present participle and gerund of wed
wedding: To participate in a wedding.
permute: change the order of
permute: make a permutation of
monster: To make into a monster; to categorise as a monster; to demonise.
monster: To behave as a monster to; to terrorise.
monster: To harass.
monster: To play (a series of) non-player characters as directed, without having the responsibility of organising the game itself; generally not limited to playing literal monsters or hostile combatants.
soldier: To continue steadfast; to keep striving.
soldier: To serve as a soldier.
soldier: To intentionally restrict labor productivity; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished.
soldier: To take a ride on (another person's horse) without permission.
perform: To do (something); to execute.
perform: To exhibit an expected pattern of behavior; to function; to work.
perform: To act in a way set forth in a contract.
perform: To act in accordance with (a contract); to fulfill one’s terms of (a contract).
perform: To act in a way set forth in a contract.
perform: To fulfill contractually agreed-to terms.
perform: To do (something) in front of an audience, such as acting or music, often in order to entertain.
perform: To behave theatrically so as to give the impression of (a quality, character trait, etc.); to feign.
perform: Of a social actor, to behave in certain ways.
perform: To behave in accordance with, and thereby in turn shape, (a social notion or role).
perform: Of a social actor, to behave in certain ways.
perform: To behave in ways that carry meaning in social contexts.
vampire: To drain of energy or resources.
conform: To act in accordance with expectations; to behave in the manner of others, especially as a result of social pressure.
conform: To be in accordance with a set of specifications or regulations, or with a policy or guideline.
conform: To make similar in form or nature; to make suitable for a purpose; to adapt.
default: To fail to meet an obligation.
default: To fail to appear and answer a summons and complaint.
default: To fail to meet an obligation.
default: To fail to fulfill a financial obligation.
default: To lose a competition by failing to compete.
default: To assume a value when none was given; to presume a tentative value or standard.
outcast: To cast out; to banish.
counsel: To give advice, especially professional advice, to (somebody).
counsel: To recommend (a course of action).
deliver: To set free from restraint or danger.
deliver: To do with birth.
deliver: To assist in the birth of.
deliver: To do with birth.
deliver: To assist (a female) in bearing, that is, in bringing forth (a child).
deliver: To do with birth.
deliver: To give birth to.
deliver: To free from or disburden of anything.
deliver: To bring or transport something to its destination.
deliver: To hand over or surrender (someone or something) to another.
deliver: To produce what is expected or required.
deliver: To express in words or vocalizations, declare, utter, or vocalize.
deliver: To give forth in action or exercise; to discharge.
deliver: To discover; to show.
deliver: To administer a drug.
heading: present participle and gerund of head
rejoice: To be very happy, be delighted, exult; to feel joy.
rejoice: To have (someone) as a lover or spouse; to enjoy sexually.
rejoice: To make happy, exhilarate.
rejoice: To enjoy.
embrace: To clasp (someone or each other) in the arms with affection; to take in the arms; to hug.
embrace: To seize (something) eagerly or with alacrity; to accept or take up with cordiality; to welcome.
embrace: To submit to; to undergo.
embrace: To encircle; to enclose, to encompass.
embrace: To enfold, to include (ideas, principles, etc.); to encompass.
embrace: To fasten on, as armour.
embrace: To accept (someone) as a friend; to accept (someone's) help gladly.
embrace: To attempt to influence (a court, jury, etc.) corruptly; to practise embracery.
tutoyer: To address (someone) in French using the familiar second-person pronoun tu; to thou.
protest: To make a strong objection.
protest: To affirm (something).
protest: To object to.
protest: To call as a witness in affirming or denying, or to prove an affirmation; to appeal to.
protest: to make a solemn written declaration, in due form, on behalf of the holder, against all parties liable for any loss or damage to be sustained by non-acceptance or non-payment of (a bill or note). This should be made by a notary public, whose seal it is the usual practice to affix.
protest: To publish; to make known.
whoopee: To behave exuberantly; to make whoopee.
auction: To sell at an auction.
Everest: To repeatedly cycle up steep roads with a total distance equal to the height of Mount Everest.
confirm: To strengthen; to make firm or resolute.
confirm: To administer the sacrament of confirmation on (someone).
confirm: To assure the accuracy of previous statements.
chewing: present participle and gerund of chew
portion: To divide into amounts, as for allocation to specific purposes.
portion: To endow with a portion or inheritance.
replete: To fill to repletion, or restore something that has been depleted.
octuple: To increase eightfold.
octuple: To increase or multiply something by eight.
parkour: To freerun; to use parkour (to move over).
get off: To move from being on top of (something) to not being on top of it.
get off: To move (something) from being on top of (something else) to not being on top of it.
get off: To stop touching or physically interfering with something or someone.
get off: To cause (something) to stop touching or interfering with (something else).
get off: To stop using a piece of equipment, such as a telephone or computer.
get off: To disembark, especially from mass transportation such as a bus or train; to depart from (a path, highway, etc).
get off: To make or help someone be ready to leave a place (especially to go to another place).
get off: To leave (somewhere) and start (a trip).
get off: To leave one's job, or leave school, as scheduled or with permission.
get off: To reserve or have a period of time as a vacation from work.
get off: To acquire (something) from (someone).
get off: To escape serious or severe consequences; to receive only mild or no punishment (or injuries, etc) for something one has done or been accused of.
get off: To help someone to escape serious or severe consequences and receive only mild or no punishment.
get off: To (write and) send (something); to discharge.
get off: To utter.
get off: To make (someone) fall asleep.
get off: To fall asleep.
get off: To excite or arouse, especially in a sexual manner, as to cause to experience orgasm.
get off: To experience great pleasure, especially sexual pleasure; in particular, to experience an orgasm.
get off: To kiss; to smooch.
get off: To get high (on a drug).
get off: To find enjoyment (in behaving in a presumptuous, rude, or intrusive manner).
get off: Indicates annoyance or dismissiveness.
get off: To achieve (a goal); to successfully perform.
aggroup: To bring together in a group; to group.
aggrege: To make heavy; to aggravate.
aggrace: To favour; to grace.
dogging: present participle and gerund of dog
aggress: To set upon; to attack.
aggress: To commit the first act of hostility or offense against; to begin a quarrel or controversy with someone; to make an attack against someone.
azotize: To impregnate with azote (nitrogen).
purpose: To have or set as one's purpose or aim; resolve to accomplish; intend; plan.
purpose: To have (an) intention, purpose, or design; to intend; to mean.
purpose: To discourse.
quitter: To suppurate; ooze with pus.
avaunce: To advance; to profit.
pervert: To turn another way; to divert.
pervert: To corrupt; to cause to be untrue; corrupted or otherwise impure
pervert: To misapply, misuse, use for a nefarious purpose
pervert: to misinterpret designedly.
pervert: To become perverted; to take the wrong course.
aventre: To thrust forward (at a venture), as a spear.
averted: simple past and past participle of avert
sheathe: To put (something such as a knife or sword) into a sheath.
sheathe: To encase (something) with a protective covering.
sheathe: Of an animal: to draw back or retract (a body part) into the body, such as claws into a paw.
sheathe: To thrust (a sharp object like a sword, a claw, or a tusk) into something.
sheathe: To abandon or cease (animosity, etc.)
sheathe: To provide (a sword, etc.) with a sheath.
sheathe: To relieve the harsh or painful effect of (a drug, a poison, etc.).
divulge: To make public or known; to communicate to the public; to tell (information, especially a secret) so that it may become generally known.
divulge: To indicate publicly; to proclaim.
avocate: To call off or away; to withdraw; to transfer to another tribunal.
haunted: simple past and past participle of haunt
convict: To find guilty, as a result of legal proceedings, or (informal) in a moral sense.
convict: To convince, persuade; to cause (someone) to believe in (something).
conlang: To create or work on a conlang (constructed language).
pig out: To eat voraciously or ravenously; to gorge oneself.
heavens: third-person singular simple present indicative of heaven
hot rod: To modify a vehicle for enhanced driving performance, top speed, and/or to accelerate faster.
trouble: To disturb, stir up, agitate (a medium, especially water).
trouble: To mentally distress; to cause (someone) to be anxious or perplexed.
trouble: In weaker sense: to bother or inconvenience.
trouble: To take pains to do something.
trouble: To worry; to be anxious.
turnkey: To supply a turnkey product; to supply something fully assembled and ready to use.
monitor: To watch over; to guard.
kitchen: To do kitchen work; to prepare food.
kitchen: To embellish a basic food; to season, add condiments, etc.
kitchen: To embellish; to dress up.
precede: To go before, go in front of.
precede: To cause to be preceded; to preface; to introduce.
precede: To have higher rank than (someone or something else).
utilize: Alternative spelling of utilise.
deflate: To remove air or some other gas from within an elastic container, e.g. a balloon or tyre
deflate: To cause an object to decrease or become smaller in some parameter, e.g. to shrink
deflate: To reduce the amount of available currency or credit and thus lower prices.
deflate: To become deflated.
deflate: To let (someone) down, disappoint (them), or put (them) in (their) place.
deflate: To compress (data) according to a particular algorithm.
deflate: To belch or flatulate
muck in: To join in with work.
bladder: To swell out like a bladder with air; to inflate.
bladder: To store or put up in bladders.
schools: third-person singular simple present indicative of school
present: To bring (someone) into the presence of (a person); to introduce formally.
present: To nominate (a member of the clergy) for an ecclesiastical benefice; to offer to the bishop or ordinary as a candidate for institution.
present: To offer (a problem, complaint) to a court or other authority for consideration.
present: To charge (a person) with a crime or accusation; to bring before court.
present: To come forward, appear in a particular place or before a particular person, especially formally.
present: To put (something) forward in order for it to be seen; to show, exhibit.
present: To make clear to one's mind or intelligence; to put forward for consideration.
present: To put on, stage (a play etc.).
present: To point (a firearm) at something, to hold (a weapon) in a position ready to fire.
present: To offer oneself for mental consideration; to occur to the mind.
present: To come to the attention of medical staff, especially with a specific symptom.
present: To appear (in a specific way) for delivery (of a fetus); to appear first at the mouth of the uterus during childbirth.
present: To appear or represent oneself (as having a certain gender).
present: To act as presenter on (a radio, television programme etc.).
present: To give a gift or presentation to (someone).
present: To give (a gift or presentation) to someone; to bestow.
present: To deliver (something abstract) as though as a gift; to offer.
present: To hand over (a bill etc.) to be paid.
present: To display one's female genitalia in a way that signals to others that one is ready for copulation. Also referred to as lordosis behaviour.
present: In omegaverse fiction, to have one's secondary sex (alpha, omega, or beta) become apparent, typically at puberty.
rematch: To bring opponents together for such a contest.
rematch: To stage such a contest.
rematch: To match again or anew.
bulldog: To force oneself (in a particular direction).
bulldog: To chase (a steer) on horseback and wrestle it to the ground by twisting its horns (as a rodeo performance).
inflate: To enlarge an object by pushing air (or a gas) into it; to raise or expand abnormally
inflate: To enlarge by filling with air (or a gas).
inflate: To swell; to puff up.
inflate: To decompress (data) that was previously deflated.
take up: To lift; to raise.
take up: To pick up.
take up: To begin doing (an activity) on a regular basis.
take up: To address (an issue).
take up: To occupy; to consume (space or time).
take up: To shorten by hemming.
take up: To remove the surface or bed of a road or railway.
take up: To accept (a proposal, offer, request, etc.) from.
take up: To resume.
take up: To implement, to employ, to put into use.
take up: To review the solutions to a test or other assessment with a class.
take up: Synonym of take in (“tighten a belaying rope”)
take up: To arrest (a person).
ashtray: To use an ashtray
scuttle: To cut a hole or holes through the bottom, deck, or sides of (as of a ship), for any purpose.
scuttle: To deliberately sink one's ship or boat by any means, usually by order of the vessel's commander or owner.
scuttle: To deliberately wreck one's vehicle (of any sort).
scuttle: To undermine or thwart oneself or one's position or property, especially deliberately.
scuttle: To move hastily, to scurry.
exploit: To use (something) to someone's advantage, such as one's own benefit or a society's benefit.
exploit: To make unfair use of someone else's labor, person, or property to one's own advantage.
reclude: To open; to unblock.
reclude: To close off, to confine.
reclude: To seclude, cut off from the community, the world etc.
founder: To flood with water and sink.
founder: To fall; to stumble and go lame, as a horse.
founder: To fail; to miscarry.
founder: To cause to flood and sink, as a ship.
founder: To disable or lame (a horse) by causing internal inflammation and soreness in the feet or limbs.
bargain: To make a bargain; to make a deal or contract for the exchange of property or services; to negotiate
bargain: To transfer for a consideration; to barter; to trade
lobster: To fish for lobsters.
lobster: To trick someone with a blue lobster picture and an annoying Toccata and Fugue in D minor.
oblique: To deviate from a perpendicular line; to become askew;
oblique: To march in a direction oblique to the line of the column or platoon; — formerly accomplished by oblique steps, now by direct steps, the men half-facing either to the right or left.
oblique: To slant (text, etc.) at an angle.
chunder: To throw up, to vomit, particularly from excessive alcohol consumption.
chunder: Of a motor vehicle: to rumble loudly, to roar.
shatter: To violently break something into pieces.
shatter: To destroy or disable something.
shatter: To smash, or break into tiny pieces.
shatter: To dispirit or emotionally defeat.
shatter: Of seeds: to be dispersed upon ripening.
shatter: To scatter about.
snorkel: To use a snorkel.
unchain: To remove chains from; to free; to liberate.
excited: past participle of excite
hanging: present participle and gerund of hang
barrier: To block or obstruct with a barrier.
finagle: To obtain, arrange, or achieve by indirect, complicated and/or intensive efforts.
finagle: To obtain, arrange, or achieve by deceitful methods, by trickery.
finagle: To cheat or swindle; to use crafty, deceitful methods. (often with "out of" preceding the object)
violent: To urge with violence.
section: To cut, divide or separate into pieces.
section: To reduce to the degree of thinness required for study with the microscope.
section: To commit (a person) to a hospital for mental health treatment as an involuntary patient. So called after various sections of legal acts regarding mental health.
section: To perform a cesarean section on (someone).
emanate: To come from a source; issue from.
emanate: To send or give out; manifest.
smashed: simple past and past participle of smash
garbage: to eviscerate
atheist: To make someone an atheist.
rubbish: To criticize, to denigrate, to denounce, to disparage.
rubbish: To litter.
hearing: present participle and gerund of hear
skydive: To be in freefall after jumping from an aircraft and landing safely by deploying a parachute.
garment: To clothe in a garment.
chillax: To relax; to be laid back.
chillax: To calm down.
chillax: To behave.
supreme: To divide a citrus fruit into its segments, removing the skin, pith, membranes, and seeds.
resolve: To find a solution to (a problem).
resolve: To reduce to simple or intelligible notions; to make clear or certain; to unravel; to explain.
resolve: To make a firm decision to do something. To become determined to reach a certain goal or take a certain action.
resolve: To determine or decide in purpose; to make ready in mind; to fix; to settle.
resolve: To come to an agreement or make peace; patch up relationship, settle differences, bury the hatchet.
resolve: To break down into constituent parts; to decompose; to disintegrate; to return to a simpler constitution or a primeval state.
resolve: To cause to perceive or understand; to acquaint; to inform; to convince; to assure; to make certain.
resolve: To cause a chord to go from dissonance to consonance.
resolve: To render visible or distinguishable the parts of something.
resolve: To find the IP address of a hostname, or the entity referred to by a symbol in source code; to look up.
resolve: To melt; to dissolve; to liquefy or soften (a solid).
resolve: To melt; to dissolve; to become liquid.
resolve: To liquefy (a gas or vapour).
resolve: To disperse or scatter; to discuss, as an inflammation or a tumour.
resolve: To relax; to lay at ease.
resolve: To separate racemic compounds into their enantiomers.
resolve: To solve (an equation, etc.).
resolve: Alternative spelling of re-solve
buckram: To stiffen with or as if with buckram.
mascara: To apply mascara to the eyelashes
slander: To utter a slanderous statement about; baselessly speak ill of.
thicken: To make thicker (in the sense of wider).
thicken: To make thicker (in the sense of more viscous).
thicken: To become thicker (in the sense of wider).
thicken: To become thicker (in the sense of more viscous).
thicken: To strengthen; to confirm.
thicken: To make more frequent.
removed: simple past and past participle of remove
contact: To touch; to come into physical contact with.
contact: To establish communication with (something or someone).
feeling: present participle and gerund of feel
coppice: To manage (a wooded area) sustainably, as a coppice, by periodically cutting back woody plants to promote new growth.
coppice: To sprout from the stump.
handbag: To attack verbally or subject to criticism (typically used of a woman).
prepend: To attach (an expression, phrase, etc.) to another, as a prefix.
prepend: To premeditate; to weigh up mentally.
kneecap: To destroy the knees of (a person), usually by shooting at the knees, as a punishment carried out by criminals or terrorists.
kneecap: To attack (someone) in a way that is excessively and needlessly damaging: To cut (someone) off at the knees.
narrate: To relate (a story or series of events) in speech or writing.
narrate: To give an account.
weren't: Contraction of were not.
support: To help keep from falling.
support: To back or favor a cause, party, etc., mentally or with concrete aid.
support: To help, particularly financially; to subsidize.
support: To provide evidence for; to lend credibility to.
support: To serve, as in a customer-oriented position; to give support to.
support: To assist or be involved with, but not be responsible for.
support: To answer questions and resolve problems regarding something sold.
support: To be designed to provide capacity for; to work or be compatible with (a part, accessory, file type, program, algorithm, etc.).
support: To endure without being overcome; bear; undergo; tolerate.
support: To play a lesser part in the same production with (a star performer).
forward: To advance, promote.
forward: To send (a letter, email etc.) on to a third party.
forward: To assemble (a book) by sewing sections, attaching cover boards, and so on.
mordant: To subject to the action of, or imbue with, a mordant.
garnish: To decorate with ornaments; to adorn; to embellish.
garnish: To ornament with something placed around it.
garnish: To furnish; to supply.
garnish: To fit with fetters; to fetter.
garnish: To warn by garnishment; to give notice to.
garnish: To have (money) set aside by court order (particularly for the payment of alleged debts); to garnishee.
eyebrow: To build up waste fibres in a roller machine.
eyebrow: To signal with one's eyebrows.
cuirass: To cover with defensive armor; to armor-plate.
chimney: To negotiate a chimney (narrow vertical cave passage) by pushing against the sides with back, feet, hands, etc.
knuckle: To apply pressure, or rub or massage with one's knuckles (sense 1).
knuckle: To strike or punch.
knuckle: To bend the fingers.
knuckle: To touch one's forehead as a mark of respect.
knuckle: To yield.
knuckle: To land on the knuckle (sense 9) of a curve of a slope, after a jump off a ramp that precedes the slope.
impulse: To impel; to incite.
climate: To dwell.
flavour: British standard spelling of flavor.
buckler: To shield; to defend.
reunite: To unite again.
concise: To make concise; to abridge or summarize.
palaver: To discuss with much talk.
palaver: To flatter.
mushing: present participle and gerund of mush
measure: To ascertain the quantity of a unit of material via calculated comparison with respect to a standard.
measure: To be of (a certain size), to have (a certain measurement)
measure: To estimate the unit size of something.
measure: To judge, value, or appraise.
measure: To obtain or set apart; to mark in even increments.
measure: To traverse, cross, pass along; to travel over.
measure: To adjust by a rule or standard.
measure: To allot or distribute by measure; to set off or apart by measure; often with.
measure: To regulate or control (one's actions, speech, etc.), as if one were carefully measuring their length or quantity.
de-dupe: Alternative form of dedupe
preface: To introduce or make a comment before (the main point).
preface: To give a preface to.
stretch: To lengthen by pulling.
stretch: To lengthen when pulled.
stretch: To pull tight.
stretch: To get more use than expected from a limited resource.
stretch: To make inaccurate by exaggeration.
stretch: To extend physically, especially from limit point to limit point.
stretch: To extend one’s limbs or another part of the body in order to improve the elasticity of one's muscles
stretch: To extend to a limit point
stretch: To increase.
stretch: To stretch the truth; to exaggerate.
stretch: To sail by the wind under press of canvas.
stretch: To execute by hanging.
stretch: To make great demands on the capacity or resources of something.
station: To put in place to perform a task.
station: To put in place to perform military duty.
suggest: To imply but stop short of explicitly stating (something).
suggest: To cause one to suppose (something); to bring to one's mind the idea (of something).
suggest: To explicitly mention (something) as a possibility for consideration, often to recommend it
suggest: To seduce; to prompt to evil; to tempt.
contort: To twist in a violent manner.
contort: To twist into or as if into a strained shape or expression.
confine: To have a common boundary with; to border on.
confine: To restrict (someone or something) to a particular scope or area; to keep in or within certain bounds.
bayonet: To stab with a bayonet.
bayonet: To compel or drive by the bayonet.
flounce: To move in an exaggerated, bouncy manner.
flounce: To flounder; to make spastic motions.
flounce: To decorate with a flounce.
flounce: To depart in a haughty, dramatic way that draws attention to oneself.
lagging: present participle and gerund of lag
sharpen: To make sharp.
sharpen: To become sharp.
fascine: To use fascines to build or reinforce (something), or to fill in (a trench, etc.).
ignoble: To make ignoble; to bring low.
lock in: To secure (someone or something) in a locked enclosure.
lock in: To fix the value of (something potentially variable).
lock in: To prevent from escaping or deteriorating.
lock in: To synchronize (especially a rhythm section) into a groove.
lock in: To focus entirely on something.
blabber: To blather; to talk foolishly or incoherently.
blabber: To blab; to reveal a secret.
blabber: To stick out one's tongue.
hormone: To treat with hormones.
harbour: Standard spelling of harbor.
titrate: To ascertain the amount of a constituent in a solution (or other mixture) by measuring the volume of a known concentration (the "standard solution") needed to complete a reaction.
titrate: To adjust the amount of a drug consumed until the desired effects are achieved.
titrate: To precisely control.
larking: present participle and gerund of lark
observe: To notice or view, especially carefully or with attention to detail.
observe: To follow or obey the custom, practice, or rules (especially of a religion).
observe: To take note of and celebrate (a holiday or similar occurrence), to keep; to follow (a type of time or calendar reckoning).
observe: To comment on something; to make an observation.
arrange: To set up; to organize; to put into an orderly sequence or arrangement.
arrange: To plan; to prepare in advance.
arrange: To prepare and adapt an already-written composition for presentation in other than its original form.
codicil: To add a codicil to something.
lecture: To teach (somebody) by giving a speech on a given topic.
lecture: To preach, to berate, to scold.
despise: To regard with contempt or scorn.
despise: To disregard or ignore.
excrete: To discharge material (including waste products) from a cell, body or system.
kung fu: To perform kung fu
wheelie: To ride, or perform the stunt of riding, a vehicle on its rear wheel or wheels.
engorge: To devour something greedily, gorge, glut.
engorge: To feed ravenously.
engorge: To fill excessively with a body liquid, especially blood.
dislike: To displease; to offend. In third-person only.
dislike: To have a feeling of aversion or antipathy towards; not to like.
dislike: To leave a vote to show disapproval of, or lack of support for, something posted on the Internet.
bequest: To give as a bequest; bequeath.
receive: To take, as something that is offered, given, committed, sent, paid, etc.; to accept; to be given something.
receive: To take goods knowing them to be stolen.
receive: To act as a host for guests; to give admittance to; to permit to enter, as into one's house, presence, company, etc.
receive: To incur (an injury).
receive: To allow (a custom, tradition, etc.); to give credence or acceptance to.
receive: To detect a signal from a transmitter.
receive: To be in a position to take possession, or hit back the ball.
receive: To be in a position to hit back a service.
receive: To be in a position to take possession, or hit back the ball.
receive: To be in a position to catch a forward pass.
receive: To accept into the mind; to understand.
anagram: To form anagrams.
lateral: To move (oneself or something) in a lateral direction.
lateral: To execute a lateral pass.
concord: To agree; to act together
quahaug: Alternative form of quahog
reverse: To turn something around so that it faces the opposite direction or runs in the opposite sequence.
reverse: To turn something inside out or upside down.
reverse: To transpose the positions of two things.
reverse: To change totally; to alter to the opposite.
reverse: To return, come back.
reverse: To turn away; to cause to depart.
reverse: To cause to return; to recall.
reverse: To revoke a law, or to change a decision into its opposite.
reverse: To cause a mechanism to operate or move in the opposite direction to normal; to drive a vehicle in the direction the driver has the back.
reverse: To change the direction of a reaction such that the products become the reactants and vice-versa.
reverse: To place (a set of points) in the reverse position.
reverse: To move from the normal position to the reverse position.
reverse: To engage reverse thrust on (an engine).
reverse: To overthrow; to subvert.
reverse: Short for reverse-engineer.
divorce: To legally dissolve a marriage between two people.
divorce: To end one's own marriage to (a person) in this way.
divorce: To obtain a legal divorce.
divorce: To separate something that was connected.
dancing: present participle and gerund of dance
confess: To admit to the truth, particularly in the context of sins or crimes committed.
confess: To acknowledge faith in; to profess belief in.
confess: To unburden (oneself) of sins to God or a priest, in order to receive absolution.
confess: To hear or receive such a confession of sins from.
confess: To disclose or reveal.
contend: To be in opposition; to contest; to dispute; to vie; to quarrel; to fight.
contend: To struggle or exert oneself to obtain or retain possession of, or to defend.
contend: To be in debate; to engage in discussion; to dispute; to argue.
contend: To believe (something is reasonable) and argue (for it); to advocate.
contend: contend with: To try to cope with a difficulty or problem.
javelin: To pierce with a javelin.
explain: To make plain, manifest, or intelligible; to clear of obscurity; to illustrate the meaning of.
explain: To give a valid excuse for past behavior.
explain: To make flat, smooth out.
explain: To unfold or make visible.
explain: To make something plain or intelligible.
friends: third-person singular simple present indicative of friend
unmount: To reverse a mount operation; to instruct the operating system that the file system should be disassociated from its mount point, making it no longer accessible.
callous: Alternative form of callus
crooked: simple past and past participle of crook
bristle: To rise or stand erect, like bristles.
bristle: To abound, to have an abundance of something, especially something jutting out.
bristle: To be on one's guard or raise one's defenses; to react with fear, suspicion, or distance.
bristle: To fix a bristle to.
empower: To give permission, power, or the legal right to do something.
empower: To give someone more confidence and/or strength to do something, often by enabling them to increase their control over their own life or situation.
conquer: To defeat in combat; to subjugate.
conquer: To acquire by force of arms, win in war; to become ruler of; to subjugate.
conquer: To overcome an abstract obstacle.
conquer: To gain, win, or obtain by effort.
command: To order, give orders; to compel or direct with authority.
command: To have or exercise supreme power, control or authority over, especially military; to have under direction or control.
command: To require with authority; to demand, order, enjoin.
command: to dominate through ability, resources, position etc.; to overlook.
command: To exact, compel or secure by influence; to deserve, claim.
command: To hold, to control the use of.
command: To have a view (of), as from a superior position.
command: To direct to come; to bestow.
conceit: To form an idea; to think.
conceit: To conceive.
chopper: To travel or transport by helicopter.
trouser: To put (money) into one's trouser pocket; to pocket.
trouser: To secretively steal (an item or money) for personal use.
trouser: To take and keep (something, especially money, that is not one's own); to pocket.
fulfill: To satisfy, carry out, bring to completion (an obligation, a requirement, etc.).
fulfill: To emotionally or artistically satisfy; to develop one's gifts to the fullest.
fulfill: To obey, follow, comply with (a rule, requirement etc.).
fulfill: To package, distribute, or ship goods.
fulfill: To fill full; fill to the utmost capacity; fill up.
satisfy: To do enough for; to meet the needs of; to fulfill the wishes or requirements of.
satisfy: To cause (a sentence) to be true when the sentence is interpreted in one's universe.
satisfy: To convince by ascertaining; to free from doubt.
satisfy: To pay to the extent of what is claimed or due.
satisfy: To answer or discharge (a claim, debt, legal demand, etc.); to give compensation for.
blather: To talk rapidly without making much sense.
blather: To say (something foolish or nonsensical); to say (something) in a foolish or overly verbose way.
captive: To capture; to take captive.
compile: To make by gathering pieces from various sources.
compile: To construct; to build.
compile: To achieve (a break) by making a sequence of shots.
compile: To use a compiler to process source code and produce executable code.
compile: To be successfully processed by a compiler into executable code.
compile: To contain or comprise.
compile: To write; to compose.
delight: To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly.
delight: To have or take great pleasure.
comment: To remark.
comment: To make remarks or notes.
comment: To comment or remark on.
comment: To insert comments into (source code).
comment: To comment out (code); to disable by converting into a comment.
convert: To transform or change (something) into another form, substance, state, or product.
convert: To change (something) from one use, function, or purpose to another.
convert: To induce (someone) to adopt a particular religion, faith, ideology or belief (see also sense 11).
convert: To exchange for something of equal value.
convert: To express (a quantity) in alternative units.
convert: To express (a unit of measurement) in terms of another; to furnish a mathematical formula by which a quantity, expressed in the former unit, may be given in the latter.
convert: To appropriate wrongfully or unlawfully; to commit the common law tort of conversion.
convert: To score extra points after (a try) by completing a conversion.
convert: To score (especially a penalty kick).
convert: To score a spare.
convert: To undergo a conversion of religion, faith or belief (see also sense 3).
convert: To become converted.
convert: To cause to turn; to turn.
convert: To change (one proposition) into another, so that what was the subject of the first becomes the predicate of the second.
convert: To turn into another language; to translate.
convert: To increase one's individual score, especially from 50 runs (a fifty) to 100 runs (a century), or from a century to a double or triple century.
convert: To perform the action that an online advertisement is intended to induce; to reach the point of conversion.
convert: To transform a material or positional advantage into a win.
beloved: simple past and past participle of belove.
defence: To furnish with defences; to fortify.
balloon: To increase or expand rapidly.
balloon: To go up or voyage in a balloon.
balloon: To take up in, or as if in, a balloon.
balloon: Of a person: to become gradually heavier; to gain weight.
balloon: To inflate like a balloon.
balloon: To strike (a ball) so that it flies high in the air.
balloon: Of an aircraft: to plunge alternately up and down.
despite: To vex; to annoy; to offend contemptuously.
tabooed: simple past and past participle of taboo
broider: To embroider.
opposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of oppose
esprise: to inflame with passion or romantic love.
assiege: To besiege.
vitiate: To spoil, make faulty; to reduce the value, quality, or effectiveness of something.
vitiate: To debase or morally corrupt.
vitiate: To violate, to rape.
vitiate: To make something ineffective, to invalidate.
appease: To make quiet; to calm; to reduce to a state of peace; to dispel (anger or hatred).
appease: To come to terms with; to adapt to the demands of.
bivouac: To set up camp.
bivouac: To watch at night or be on guard, as a whole army.
bivouac: To encamp for the night without tents or covering.
provoke: To cause someone to become annoyed or angry.
provoke: To bring about a reaction.
provoke: To appeal.
besiege: To beset or surround with armed forces for the purpose of compelling to surrender, to lay siege to, beleaguer.
besiege: To beleaguer, to vex, to lay siege to, to beset.
besiege: to assail or ply, as with requests or demands.
eyeball: To gauge, estimate or judge by eye, rather than measuring precisely; to look or glance at.
eyeball: To stare at intently.
eyeball: To roll one's eyes.
arbiter: To act as arbiter.
contest: To contend.
contest: To call into question; to oppose.
contest: To strive earnestly to hold or maintain; to struggle to defend.
contest: To make a subject of litigation; to defend, as a suit; to dispute or resist, as a claim, by course of law.
bombast: To swell or fill out; to inflate, to pad.
bombast: To use high-sounding words; to speak or write in a pompous or ostentatious manner.
askance: To look at (someone or something) with a sideways glance.
askance: To turn (one's eye or gaze) to the side.
cherish: To treat with affection, care, and tenderness; to nurture or protect with care.
cherish: To have a deep appreciation of; to hold dear.
cherish: To cheer, to gladden.
decease: To die.
compete: To be in battle or in a rivalry with another for the same thing, position, or reward; to contend
compete: To be in a position in which it is possible to win or triumph.
compete: To take part in a contest, game or similar event
ensnarl: To entangle; to trap.
disavow: To strongly and solemnly refuse to own or acknowledge; to deny responsibility for, approbation of, and the like.
disavow: To deny; to show the contrary of; to deny legitimacy or achievement of any kind.
deplete: To empty or unload, as the vessels of the human system, by bloodletting or by medicine.
deplete: To reduce by destroying or consuming the vital powers of; to exhaust, as a country of its strength or resources, a treasury of money, etc.
assault: To attack, physically or figuratively; to assail.
assault: To threaten or harass.
censure: To criticize harshly.
censure: To formally rebuke.
censure: To form or express a judgment in regard to; to estimate; to judge.
caution: To warn; to alert, advise that caution is warranted.
caution: To give a yellow card
digress: To step or turn aside; to deviate; to swerve; especially, to turn aside from the main subject of attention, or course of argument, in writing or speaking.
digress: To turn aside from the right path; to transgress; to offend.
entreat: To treat with, or in respect to, a thing desired; hence, to ask for earnestly.
entreat: To beseech or supplicate (a person); to prevail upon by prayer or solicitation; to try to persuade.
entreat: To invite; to entertain.
entreat: To treat or discourse; hence, to enter into negotiations, as for a treaty.
entreat: To make an earnest petition or request.
entreat: To treat, or conduct toward; to deal with; to use.
forfend: To prohibit; to forbid; to avert.
berserk: To be or become berserk.
berserk: To make berserk.
expound: To set out the meaning of; to explain or discuss at length
expound: To make a statement, especially at length.
concede: To yield or suffer; to surrender; to grant
concede: To grant, as a right or privilege; to make concession of.
concede: To admit or agree to be true; to acknowledge.
concede: To yield or make concession.
concede: To have a goal or point scored against
concede: (of a bowler) to have runs scored off of one's bowling.
concert: To plan together; to settle or adjust by conference, agreement, or consultation.
concert: To plan; to devise; to arrange.
concert: To act in harmony or conjunction; to form combined plans.
victory: To defeat or triumph over (someone or something).
gainsay: To say something in contradiction to.
inbreed: To breed or reproduce with those that are related.
inbreed: To breed with those that share common traits or qualities.
inbreed: To produce or generate within.
gazette: To publish in a gazette.
gazette: To announce the status of in an official gazette. This pertained to both appointments and bankruptcies.
cottage: To stay at a seasonal home, to go cottaging.
cottage: To have homosexual sex in a public lavatory; to practice cottaging.
dispute: to contend in argument; to argue against something maintained, upheld, or claimed, by another.
dispute: to make a subject of disputation; to argue pro and con; to discuss
dispute: to oppose by argument or assertion; to controvert; to express dissent or opposition to; to call in question; to deny the truth or validity of
dispute: to strive or contend about; to contest
dispute: to struggle against; to resist
earnest: To be serious with; use in earnest.
earnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of earn
impound: To shut up or place in an enclosure called a pound.
impound: To hold back.
impound: To hold in the custody of a court or its delegate.
impound: To collect and hold (funds) for payment of property taxes and insurance on property in which one has a security interest.
grimace: To make grimaces; to distort one's face; to make faces.
immerse: To place within a fluid (generally a liquid, but also a gas).
immerse: To involve or engage deeply.
immerse: To map into an immersion.
glamour: To enchant; to bewitch.
knacker: To tire out, exhaust.
knacker: To reprimand.
outpray: To exceed or surpass in prayer.
outstay: To stay beyond or longer than.
fanfare: To play a fanfare.
fanfare: To embellish with fanfares.
fanfare: To imitate a fanfare, in order to dramatize the presentation or introduction of something.
fanfare: To introduce with pomp and show.
fanfare: To mark an arrival or departure with music, noise, or drama.
fanfare: To publicize or announce.
fanfare: To fan out.
keep up: To maintain; to preserve; to prevent from deteriorating.
keep up: To continue with (work, etc).
keep up: To stay even or ahead.
keep up: To ensure that one remains well-informed about something.
keep up: To prevent someone from going to bed or to sleep
outplay: To excel or defeat in a game; to play better than.
prevent: To stop (an outcome); to keep from (doing something).
prevent: To take preventative measures.
prevent: To come before; to precede.
prevent: To outdo, surpass.
prevent: To be beforehand with; to anticipate.
inflame: To set on fire; to kindle; to cause to burn, flame, or glow.
inflame: To kindle or intensify (a feeling, as passion or appetite); to excite to an excessive or unnatural action or heat.
inflame: To provoke (a person) to anger or rage; to exasperate; to irritate; to incense; to enrage.
inflame: To put in a state of inflammation; to produce morbid heat, congestion, or swelling, of.
inflame: To exaggerate; to enlarge upon.
inflame: To grow morbidly hot, congested, or painful; to become angry or incensed.
glitter: To sparkle with light; to shine with a brilliant and broken light or showy luster; to gleam.
glitter: To be showy, specious, or striking, and hence attractive.
finance: To conduct, or procure money for, financial operations; manage finances.
finance: To pay ransom.
finance: To manage financially; be financier for; provide or obtain funding for a transaction or undertaking.
finance: To extort ransom from.
extract: To draw out; to pull out; to remove forcibly from a fixed position, as by traction or suction, etc.
extract: To withdraw by squeezing, distillation, or other mechanical or chemical process. Compare abstract (transitive verb).
extract: To choose out; to cite or quote, for example a passage from a text.
extract: To select parts of a whole
extract: To determine (a root of a number).
protect: To keep safe; to defend; to guard; to prevent harm coming to.
protect: To book a passenger on a later flight if there is a chance they will not be able to board their earlier reserved flight.
inspire: To infuse into the mind; to communicate to the spirit; to convey, as by a divine or supernatural influence; to disclose preternaturally; to produce in, as by inspiration.
inspire: To infuse into; to affect, as with a superior or supernatural influence; to fill with what animates, enlivens or exalts; to communicate inspiration to.
inspire: To draw in by the operation of breathing; to inhale.
inspire: To infuse by breathing, or as if by breathing.
inspire: To breathe into; to fill with the breath; to animate.
inspire: To spread rumour indirectly.
pipette: To transfer or measure the volume of a liquid using a pipette.
relight: To light or kindle anew.
relight: To light or illuminate anew.
relight: To render again with different simulated lighting conditions.
nourish: To feed and cause to grow; to supply with food or other matter which increases weight and promotes health.
nourish: To support; to maintain; to be responsible for.
nourish: To encourage; to foster; to stimulate
nourish: To cherish; to comfort.
nourish: To educate or bring up; to nurture; to promote emotional, spiritual or other non-physical growth.
nourish: To promote growth; to furnish nutriment.
nourish: To gain nourishment.
embargo: To impose an embargo on trading certain goods with another country.
embargo: To impose an embargo on a document.
pastime: to sport; to amuse oneself
remount: To go up again; to rise another time.
remount: To help (someone) back on a horse.
remount: To get back on a horse, bicycle etc.
remount: To get back on (an animal, vehicle) again.
remount: To ascend (something) again.
remount: To fix (something) back into position.
remount: To mount (a drive or volume) again.
profess: To administer the vows of a religious order to (someone); to admit to a religious order.
profess: To declare oneself (to be something).
profess: To declare; to assert, affirm.
profess: To make a claim (to be something); to lay claim to (a given quality, feeling etc.), often with connotations of insincerity.
profess: To declare one's adherence to (a religion, deity, principle etc.).
profess: To work as a professor of; to teach.
profess: To claim to have knowledge or understanding of (a given area of interest, subject matter).
ratchet: To cause to become incremented or decremented.
ratchet: To increment or decrement.
replant: To plant again, especially to plant in a different place, using different plants, or in a different design.
repaint: To paint anew or again, especially if recently painted.
repaint: To draw or render again on the display.
prevail: To be superior in strength, dominance, influence, or frequency; to have or gain the advantage over others; to have the upper hand; to outnumber others.
prevail: To triumph; to be victorious.
prevail: To be current, widespread, or predominant; to have currency or prevalence.
prevail: To succeed in persuading or inducing.
prevail: To avail.
regress: To move backwards to an earlier stage; to devolve.
regress: To move backwards to an earlier stage; to devolve.
regress: To re-develop behavior one had previously grown out of, particularly a behavior left behind in childhood.
regress: To move in the retrograde direction.
regress: To reduce in severity or size (as of a tumor), without reaching total remission.
regress: To perform a regression on an explanatory variable.
regress: To interrogate a person in a state of trance about forgotten elements of their past.
nurture: To nourish or nurse.
nurture: To encourage, especially the growth or development of something.
prosper: To favor; to render successful.
prosper: To be successful; to succeed; to be fortunate or prosperous; to thrive; to make gain.
prosper: To grow; to increase.
portray: To paint or draw the likeness of.
portray: To represent by an image or look.
portray: To describe in words; to convey.
portray: To play a role; to depict a character, person, situation, or event.
portray: To adorn.
repress: To forcefully prevent an upheaval from developing further.
repress: To check; to keep back.
repress: To press again.
meander: To wind or turn in a course or passage
meander: To be intricate.
meander: To wind, turn, or twist; to make flexuous.
hostage: To give (someone or something) as a hostage to (someone or something else).
hostage: To hold (someone or something) hostage, especially in a way that constrains or controls the person or thing held, or in order to exchange for something else.
mention: To make a short reference to something.
mention: To utter a word or expression in order to refer to the expression itself, as opposed to its usual referent.
premise: To state or assume something as a proposition to an argument.
premise: To make a premise.
premise: To set forth beforehand, or as introductory to the main subject; to offer previously, as something to explain or aid in understanding what follows.
premise: To send before the time, or beforehand; hence, to cause to be before something else; to employ previously.
paragon: To compare; to parallel; to put in rivalry or emulation with.
paragon: To compare with; to equal; to rival.
paragon: To serve as a model for; to surpass.
paragon: To be equal; to hold comparison.
proceed: To move, pass, or go forward or onward; to advance; to carry on
proceed: To pass from one point, topic, or stage, to another.
proceed: To come from; to have as its source or origin.
proceed: To go on in an orderly or regulated manner; to begin and carry on a series of acts or measures; to act methodically
proceed: To be transacted; to take place; to occur.
proceed: To be applicable or effective; to be valid.
proceed: To begin and carry on a legal process.
proceed: To take an academic degree.
proffer: To offer for acceptance; to propose to give; to make a tender of.
proffer: To attempt or essay of one's own accord; to undertake or propose to undertake.
require: To ask (someone) for something; to request.
require: To demand, to insist upon (having); to call for authoritatively.
require: Naturally to demand (something) as indispensable; to need, to call for as necessary.
require: To demand of (someone) to do something.
relieve: To ease (a person, person's thoughts etc.) from mental distress; to stop (someone) feeling anxious or worried, to alleviate the distress of.
relieve: To ease (someone, a part of the body etc.) or give relief from physical pain or discomfort.
relieve: To alleviate (pain, distress, mental discomfort etc.).
relieve: To provide comfort or assistance to (someone in need, especially in poverty).
relieve: To lift up; to raise again.
relieve: To raise (someone) out of danger or from (a specified difficulty etc.).
relieve: To free (someone) from debt or legal obligations; to give legal relief to.
relieve: To bring military help to (a besieged town); to lift the siege on.
relieve: To release (someone) from or of a difficulty, unwanted task, responsibility etc.
relieve: To free (someone) from their post, task etc. by taking their place.
relieve: To make (something) stand out; to make prominent, bring into relief.
relieve: To urinate or defecate.
relieve: To ease one's own desire to orgasm, often through masturbation to orgasm.
recount: To tell; narrate; to relate in detail
recount: To rehearse; to enumerate.
recount: To count again.
redress: To put in order again; to set right; to revise.
redress: To set right (a wrong); to repair, (an injury or damage); to make amends for; to remedy; to relieve from.
redress: To make amends or compensation to; to relieve of anything unjust or oppressive; to bestow relief upon.
redress: To put upright again; to restore.
redress: To dress again.
redress: To redecorate a previously existing film set so that it can double for another set.
startle: To move suddenly, or be excited, on feeling alarm; to start.
startle: To excite by sudden alarm, surprise, or apprehension; to frighten suddenly and not seriously; to alarm; to surprise.
startle: To deter; to cause to deviate.
subsume: To place (any one cognition) under another as belonging to it; to include or contain something else.
subsume: To consider an occurrence as part of a principle or rule; to colligate
trapeze: To swing on a trapeze.
subvert: To overturn from the foundation; to overthrow; to ruin utterly.
subvert: To pervert, as the mind, and turn it from the truth; to corrupt; to confound.
subvert: To upturn convention from the foundation by undermining it (literally, to turn from beneath).
surmise: To imagine or suspect; to conjecture; to posit with contestable premises.
sparkle: To emit sparks; to throw off ignited or incandescent particles
sparkle: To shine as if throwing off sparks; to emit flashes of light; to scintillate; to twinkle
sparkle: To manifest itself by, or as if by, emitting sparks; to glisten; to flash.
sparkle: To emit little bubbles, as certain kinds of liquors; to effervesce
sparkle: To emit in the form or likeness of sparks.
sparkle: To disperse.
sparkle: To scatter on or over.
subside: To sink or fall to the bottom; to settle, as lees.
subside: To fall downward; to become lower; to descend; to sink.
subside: To fall into a state of calm; to be calm again; to settle down; to become tranquil; to abate.
subside: To cease talking.
recruit: To enroll or enlist new members or potential employees on behalf of an employer, organization, sports team, the military, etc.
recruit: To supply with new men, as an army; to fill up or make up by enlistment; also, to muster
recruit: To replenish, renew, or reinvigorate by fresh supplies; to remedy a lack or deficiency in.
recruit: To become an adult or breeding-age member of a population.
recruit: To prompt a protein, leucocyte. etc. to intervene in a given region of the body.
recruit: To recuperate; to gain health, flesh, spirits, or the like.
unearth: To drive or draw from the earth.
unearth: To uncover or find; to bring out from concealment
unearth: To dig up.
trustee: To commit (property) to the care of a trustee.
trustee: To attach (a debtor's wages, credits, or property in the hands of a third person) in the interest of the creditor.
treacle: To apply treacle to a surface, so as to catch flies or moths, etc.
recover: To get back, to regain (a physical thing; in astronomy and navigation, sight of a thing or a signal).
recover: to salvage, to extricate, to rescue (a thing or person)
recover: To replenish to, resume (a good state of mind or body).
recover: To obtain a positive judgement; to win in a lawsuit.
recover: To gain as compensation or reparation, usually by formal legal process
recover: To reach (a place), arrive at.
recover: To restore to good health, consciousness, life etc.
recover: To make good by reparation; to make up for; to retrieve; to repair the loss or injury of.
recover: To regain one's composure, balance etc.
recover: To get better, to regain health or prosperity.
recover: to recover from
recover: To cover again.
recover: To add a new roof membrane or steep-slope covering over an existing one.
wreathe: To twist, curl or entwine something into a shape similar to a wreath.
wreathe: To form a wreathlike shape around something.
wreathe: To curl, writhe or spiral in the form of a wreath.
wreathe: To turn violently aside or around; to wrench.
unnerve: To deprive of nerve, force, or strength; to weaken; to enfeeble.
unnerve: To make somebody nervous, upset, alarm, shake the resolve of.
suffice: To be enough or sufficient; to meet the need (of anything); to be adequate; to be good enough.
suffice: To satisfy; to content; to be equal to the wants or demands of.
suffice: To furnish; to supply adequately.
stagger: To sway unsteadily, reel, or totter.
stagger: In standing or walking, to sway from one side to the other as if about to fall; to stand or walk unsteadily; to reel or totter.
stagger: To sway unsteadily, reel, or totter.
stagger: To cause to reel or totter.
stagger: To sway unsteadily, reel, or totter.
stagger: To cease to stand firm; to begin to give way; to fail.
stagger: Doubt, waver, be shocked.
stagger: To begin to doubt and waver in purposes; to become less confident or determined; to hesitate.
stagger: Doubt, waver, be shocked.
stagger: To cause to doubt and waver; to make to hesitate; to make less steady or confident; to shock.
stagger: Have multiple groups doing the same thing in a uniform fashion, but starting at different, evenly spaced, times or places (attested from 1856).
stagger: To arrange (a series of parts) on each side of a median line alternately, as the spokes of a wheel or the rivets of a boiler seam.
stagger: Have multiple groups doing the same thing in a uniform fashion, but starting at different, evenly spaced, times or places (attested from 1856).
stagger: To arrange similar objects such that each is ahead or above and to one side of the next.
stagger: Have multiple groups doing the same thing in a uniform fashion, but starting at different, evenly spaced, times or places (attested from 1856).
stagger: To schedule in intervals or at different times.
unleash: To free from a leash, or as from a leash.
unleash: To let go; to release.
unleash: To precipitate; to bring about.
swagger: To behave (especially to walk or carry oneself) in a pompous, superior manner.
swagger: To boast or brag noisily; to bluster; to bully.
swagger: To walk with a swaying motion.
outlive: To live longer than; continue to live after the death of; overlive; survive.
outlive: To live through or past (a given time).
outlive: To surpass in duration; outlast.
outlive: To live longer; continue to live.
referee: To act as a referee.
recluse: to shut; to seclude
hooding: present participle and gerund of hood
deplore: To bewail; to weep bitterly over; to feel sorrow for.
deplore: To condemn; to express strong disapproval of.
deplore: To regard as hopeless; to give up.
surplus: To treat as surplus to requirements; to sell off or dismiss from employment, etc.
succeed: To follow something in sequence or time.
succeed: To replace or supplant someone in order vis-à-vis an office, position, or title.
succeed: To come after or follow; to be subsequent or consequent; (often with to).
succeed: To come in the place of another person, thing, or event; to come next in the usual, natural, or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence, to come next in the possession of anything; (often with to).
succeed: To come in the place of another person, thing, or event; to come next in the usual, natural, or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence, to come next in the possession of anything; (often with to).
succeed: To ascend the throne after the removal or death of the occupant.
succeed: To prevail in obtaining an intended objective or accomplishment; to prosper as a result or conclusion of a particular effort.
succeed: To prosper or attain success and beneficial results in general.
succeed: To turn out, fare, do (well or ill).
succeed: To support; to prosper; to promote or give success to.
succeed: To descend, as an estate or an heirloom, in the same family; to devolve; (often with to).
succeed: To fall heir to; to inherit.
succeed: To go down or near (with to).
behoove: To befit, be appropriate or necessary to somebody. Alternative form of behove.
behoove: To be fitting.
commute: To exchange substantially; to abate but not abolish completely, a penalty, obligation, or payment in return for a great, single thing or an aggregate; to cash in; to lessen
commute: To pay, or arrange to pay, in advance, in a lump sum instead of part by part.
commute: To exchange substantially; to abate but not abolish completely, a penalty, obligation, or payment in return for a great, single thing or an aggregate; to cash in; to lessen
commute: To reduce the sentence previously given for a criminal offense.
commute: To exchange substantially; to abate but not abolish completely, a penalty, obligation, or payment in return for a great, single thing or an aggregate; to cash in; to lessen
commute: To pay out the lumpsum present value of an annuity, instead of paying in instalments; to cash in; to encash
commute: To exchange substantially; to abate but not abolish completely, a penalty, obligation, or payment in return for a great, single thing or an aggregate; to cash in; to lessen
commute: To obtain or bargain for exemption or substitution;
commute: To exchange substantially; to abate but not abolish completely, a penalty, obligation, or payment in return for a great, single thing or an aggregate; to cash in; to lessen
commute: Of an operation, to be commutative, i.e. to have the property that changing the order of the operands does not change the result.
commute: To regularly travel from one's home to one's workplace or school, or vice versa.
commute: To regularly travel from one place to another using public transport.
commute: To journey, to make a journey
have at: To attack; to engage in combat with.
have at: To take on; to begin dealing with.
skin up: To make a cannabis cigarette.
release: To let go (of); to cease to hold or contain.
release: To make available to the public.
release: To free or liberate; to set free.
release: To discharge.
release: (of a call) To hang up.
release: To let go, as a legal claim; to discharge or relinquish a right to, as lands or tenements, by conveying to another who has some right or estate in possession, as when the person in remainder releases his right to the tenant in possession; to quit.
release: To loosen; to relax; to remove the obligation of.
release: To set up; to provide with a goal-scoring opportunity
release: To set free a chemical substance.
release: to come out; be out.
release: To lease again; to grant a new lease of; to let back.
despeed: To send hastily.
corrode: To eat away bit by bit; to wear away or diminish by gradually separating or destroying small particles of, as by action of a strong acid or a caustic alkali.
corrode: To consume; to wear away; to prey upon; to impair.
corrode: To have corrosive action; to be subject to corrosion.
railing: present participle and gerund of rail
pertain: To belong to or be a part of; be an adjunct, attribute, or accessory of.
pertain: To relate, to refer, be relevant to.
pertain: To apply; to be or remain in place; to continue to be applicable.
triumph: To celebrate victory with pomp; to rejoice over success; to exult in an advantage gained; to exhibit exultation.
triumph: To prevail over rivals, challenges, or difficulties.
triumph: To succeed, win, or attain ascendancy.
triumph: To be prosperous; to flourish.
triumph: To play a trump in a card game.
despond: To give up the will, courage, or spirit; to become dejected, lose heart.
despect: To hold in contempt, to despise, to look down on, to scorn.
seagull: To run in the back line rather than concentrate on primary positional duties in open play.
seagull: To use a British Seagull outboard.
seagull: To work as a non-union casual stevedore.
stipped: simple past and past participle of stip
pooched: simple past and past participle of pooch
reserve: To keep back; to retain.
reserve: To keep in store for future or special use.
reserve: To book in advance; to make a reservation.
reserve: To make an exception of; to except.
dequeue: to remove an item from a queue
stacked: simple past and past participle of stack
mammock: To tear to pieces.
survive: Of a person, to continue to live; to remain alive.
survive: Of an object or concept, to continue to exist.
survive: To live longer than; to outlive.
survive: To live past a life-threatening event.
survive: To be a victim of usually non-fatal harm, to honor and empower the strength of an individual to heal, in particular a living victim of sexual abuse or assault.
survive: Of a team, to avoid relegation or demotion to a lower division or league.
traitor: To act the traitor toward; to betray; to deceive.
stumped: simple past and past participle of stump
bedrock: To establish on a solid foundation.
airball: To throw an airball
webcast: To make such a broadcast
limited: simple past and past participle of limit
coexist: To exist contemporaneously or in the same area.
addulce: To sweeten; to soothe.
despair: To give up as beyond hope or expectation; to despair of.
despair: To cause to despair.
despair: To be hopeless; to have no hope; to give up all hope or expectation.
absolue: obsolete typography of absolve
assoyle: Obsolete spelling of assoil
amscray: To go away.
mandate: To authorize.
mandate: To make mandatory.
copying: present participle and gerund of copy
treated: simple past and past participle of treat
placing: present participle and gerund of place
lighter: To transfer (cargo or passengers) to or from a ship by means of a lighter or other small vessel.
lighter: To transfer cargo or fuel from (a ship), lightening it to make its draft less or to make it easier to refloat.
procure: To acquire or obtain.
procure: To obtain a person as a prostitute for somebody else.
procure: To induce or persuade someone to do something.
procure: To contrive; to bring about; to effect; to cause.
procure: To solicit; to entreat.
procure: To cause to come; to bring; to attract.
barrack: To house military personnel; to quarter.
barrack: To live in barracks.
barrack: To jeer and heckle; to attempt to disconcert by verbal means.
barrack: To cheer for or support a team.
explode: To destroy with an explosion.
explode: To destroy violently or abruptly.
explode: To create an exploded view of.
explode: To disprove or debunk.
explode: To fly apart with sudden violent force; to blow up, to burst, to detonate, to go off.
explode: To make a violent or emotional outburst.
explode: To increase suddenly.
explode: To emerge suddenly.
explode: To ejaculate.
explode: To break (a delimited string of text) into several smaller strings by removing the separators.
explode: To decompress (data) that was previously imploded.
explode: To open all doors and hatches on an automobile.
explode: Of a die, to produce the highest face result and consequently reroll.
cognize: To know, perceive, or become aware of.
cognize: To make into an object of cognition (the process of acquiring knowledge through thought); to cogitate.
message: To send a message to; to transmit a message to, e.g. as text via a cell phone.
message: To send (something) as a message; usually refers to electronic messaging.
message: To send a message or messages; to be capable of sending messages.
message: To bear as a message.
impeach: To hinder, impede, or prevent.
impeach: To bring a legal proceeding against a public official.
impeach: To charge with impropriety; to discredit; to call into question.
impeach: To demonstrate in court that a testimony under oath contradicts another testimony from the same person, usually one taken during deposition.
provide: To make a living; earn money for necessities.
provide: To act to prepare for something.
provide: To establish as a previous condition; to stipulate.
provide: To give what is needed or desired, especially basic needs.
provide: To furnish (with), cause to be present.
provide: To make possible or attainable.
provide: To foresee, to consider in advance.
provide: To appoint to an ecclesiastical benefice before it is vacant. See provisor.
drinken: past participle of drink
monkeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of monkey
diagram: To represent or indicate something using a diagram.
diagram: To schedule the operations of a locomotive or train according to a diagram.
scritch: To screech.
scritch: To make a light scratching sound, like a small animal burrowing.
scritch: To scratch so as to relieve an itch or irritation.
outdate: To make obsolete or out of date
expense: To charge a cost against an expense account; to bill something to the company for which one works.
jet-set: Alternative form of jet set
jet set: To follow the lifestyle of the jet set.
further: To help forward; to assist.
further: To encourage growth; to support progress or growth of something; to promote.
surfing: present participle and gerund of surf
karaoke: to perform karaoke
bespoke: simple past of bespeak
bespoke: past participle of bespeak
license: To authorize officially.
license: (applied to a piece of intellectual property)
license: To give formal authorization to use.
license: (applied to a piece of intellectual property)
license: To acquire authorization to use, usually in exchange for compensation.
license: To give permission or freedom to; accept.
license: To permit (as grammatically correct).
comrade: To associate with in a friendly way.
compute: To reckon, calculate.
compute: To make sense. (commonly used in mimicry of a science fictional robot and spoken in a robotic voice; most frequently in negative constructs)
pension: To grant a pension to.
pension: To force (someone) to retire on a pension.
termite: Of a chimpanzee: to catch termites by inserting a stick or vine into their nest and waiting for them to climb up it.
dictate: To order, command, control.
dictate: To speak in order for someone to write down the words.
dictate: To determine or decisively affect.
enticed: simple past and past participle of entice
fantasy: To fantasize (about).
fantasy: To have a fancy for; to be pleased with; to like.
fantasy: To imagine; to conceive mentally.
adjourn: To postpone.
adjourn: To defer; to put off temporarily or indefinitely.
adjourn: To end or suspend an event.
adjourn: To move as a group from one place to another.
replace: To restore to a former place, position, condition, etc.; to put back
replace: To refund; to repay; to pay back
replace: To supply or substitute an equivalent for
replace: To take over the position or role from.
replace: To take the place of; to be used instead of
replace: To demolish (a building) and build an updated form of that building in its place.
replace: To place again.
replace: To put in a new or different place.
bestest: second-person singular simple present indicative of best
catalog: Alternative spelling of catalogue
enthuse: To show enthusiasm.
enthuse: To cause (someone) to feel enthusiasm or to be enthusiastic.
dissect: To study an animal's anatomy by cutting it apart; to perform a necropsy or an autopsy.
dissect: To study a plant or other organism's anatomy similarly.
dissect: To analyze an idea in detail by separating it into its parts.
dissect: To separate muscles, organs, and so on without cutting into them or disrupting their architecture.
dissect: Of an infection or foreign material, following the fascia separating muscles or other organs.
iterate: to perform or repeat an action on each item in a set
iterate: to perform or repeat an action on the results of each such prior action
iterate: To utter or do a second time or many times; to repeat.
iterate: To repeat an activity, making incremental changes each time
prelude: To introduce something, as a prelude.
prelude: To play an introduction or prelude; to give a prefatory performance.
senesce: To grow older; to reach maturity.
shampoo: To wash one's own hair with shampoo.
shampoo: To wash (i.e. the hair, carpet, etc.) with shampoo.
shampoo: To press or knead the whole surface of the body of (a person), and at the same time to stretch the limbs and joints, in connection with the hot bath.
gallant: To attend or wait on (a lady).
gallant: To handle with grace or in a modish manner.
gallant: To conduct, escort, convey.
ketchup: To cover with ketchup.
fluster: To make hot and rosy, as with drinking.
fluster: To confuse; befuddle; throw into panic by making overwrought with confusion.
fluster: To be in a heat or bustle; to be agitated and confused.
possess: To have (something) as, or as if as, an owner; to have, to own.
possess: Of an idea, thought, etc.: to dominate (someone's mind); to strongly influence.
possess: Of a supernatural entity, especially one regarded as evil: to take control of (an animal or person's body or mind).
possess: Of a person: to control or dominate (oneself or someone, or one's own or someone's heart, mind, etc.).
possess: Of a person: to control or dominate (oneself or someone, or one's own or someone's heart, mind, etc.).
possess: To dominate (a person) sexually; to have sexual intercourse with (a person).
possess: To cause an idea, thought, etc., to strongly affect or influence (someone); to inspire, to preoccupy.
possess: To occupy the attention or time of (someone).
possess: To obtain or seize (something); to gain, to win.
possess: Chiefly followed by of or with: to vest ownership of something in (oneself or someone); to bestow upon, to endow.
possess: To have control or possession of, but not to own (a chattel or an interest in land).
possess: To give (someone) information or knowledge; to acquaint, to inform.
possess: To have the ability to use, or knowledge of (a language, a skill, etc.)
possess: To inhabit or occupy (a place).
possess: Chiefly followed by that: to convince or persuade (someone).
possess: To dominate sexually; to have sexual intercourse with.
possess: To inhabit or occupy a place.
outflow: To flow outward.
fishing: present participle and gerund of fish
volcano: to erupt; to burst forth
channel: To make or cut a channel or groove in.
channel: To direct or guide along a desired course.
channel: To serve as a medium for.
channel: To follow as a model, especially in a performance.
expunge: To erase or strike out.
expunge: To eliminate completely; to annihilate.
expunge: To delete permanently (e-mail etc.) that was previously marked for deletion but still stored.
slumber: To be in a very light state of sleep, almost awake.
slumber: To be inactive or negligent.
slumber: To lay to sleep.
slumber: To stun; to stupefy.
partner: To join as a partner.
partner: To work or perform as a partner.
babysat: simple past and past participle of babysit
placate: To calm; to bring peace to; to influence someone who was furious to the point that they become content or at least no longer irate.
evening: present participle and gerund of even
evening: present participle and gerund of evene
liqueur: to flavor or treat (wine) with a liqueur
liqueur: to top up bottles of sparkling wine with a sugar solution
fisting: present participle and gerund of fist
thermal: To create a rough finish on stone by treating it with a high-temperature blowtorch.
thermal: To fly an unpowered aircraft in a thermal (column of rising air).
wrapped: simple past and past participle of wrap
dreaded: simple past and past participle of dread
vitamin: To fortify with vitamins.
blurred: simple past and past participle of blur
tranche: To divide into tranches.
closing: present participle and gerund of close
pick on: To bully, harass, or make fun of a victim; to bother or harass.
pick on: To select (a person) for a task, etc.
warrant: To protect, keep safe (from danger).
warrant: To give (someone) an assurance or guarantee (of something); also, with a double object: to guarantee (someone something).
warrant: To guarantee (something) to be (of a specified quality, value, etc.).
warrant: To guarantee as being true; (colloquial) to believe strongly.
warrant: To authorize; to give (someone) sanction or warrant (to do something).
warrant: To justify; to give grounds for.
harpoon: To shoot something with a harpoon.
toenail: To fasten two pieces of lumber together by applying nails or screws into both boards at an angle.
rigging: present participle and gerund of rig
working: present participle and gerund of work
snuggle: To lie close to another person or thing, hugging or being cosy.
snuggle: To move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cosy position.
torpedo: To strike (a ship) with one or more torpedoes.
torpedo: To sink (a ship) with one or more torpedoes.
torpedo: To undermine or destroy any endeavor with a powerful attack.
binding: present participle and gerund of bind
pack up: To give in.
pack up: To clear away and place into storage.
pack up: To put back together.
pack up: To move one’s residence.
pack up: To prepare for shipping, as a gift.
pack up: To put into bags to prepare to move.
pack up: To break, to cease to function.
pack up: To fill a pipe with cannabis for smoking.
audible: To change the play at the line of scrimmage by yelling out a new one.
garland: To deck or ornament something with a garland.
garland: To form something into a garland.
isolate: To set apart or cut off from others.
isolate: To place in quarantine or isolation.
isolate: To separate a substance in pure form from a mixture.
isolate: To insulate, or make free of external influence.
isolate: To separate a pure strain of bacteria etc. from a mixed culture.
isolate: To insulate an electrical component from a source of electricity.
isolate: To self-isolate.
capsize: To overturn.
capsize: To cause (a ship) to overturn.
capsize: To deform under stress.
bereave: To deprive by or as if by violence; to rob; to strip; to benim.
bereave: To take away by destroying, impairing, or spoiling; take away by violence.
bereave: To deprive of power; prevent.
bereave: To take away someone or something that is important or close; deprive.
bereave: To destroy life; cut off.
plunder: To pillage, take or destroy all the goods of, by force (as in war); to raid, sack.
plunder: To take (goods) by pillage.
plunder: To take by force or wrongfully; to commit robbery or looting, to raid.
plunder: To make extensive (over)use of, as if by plundering; to use or use up wrongfully.
plunder: To take unexpectedly.
shelter: To provide cover from damage or harassment; to shield; to protect.
shelter: To take cover.
scamper: To run lightly and quickly, especially in a playful or undignified manner.
nitrate: To treat, or react, with nitric acid or a nitrate
warning: present participle of warn
concave: To render concave, or increase the degree of concavity.
landing: present participle and gerund of land
pinball: To dart about rapidly.
plaster: To cover or coat something with plaster; to render.
plaster: To apply a plaster to.
plaster: To smear with some viscous or liquid substance.
plaster: To hide or cover up, as if with plaster; to cover thickly.
plaster: To bombard heavily or overwhelmingly; to overwhelm with (weapons) fire.
plaster: To smooth over.
clamour: Britain and Canada spelling of clamor
clamour: To salute loudly.
clamour: To stun with noise.
clamour: To repeat the strokes quickly on (bells) so as to produce a loud clang.
gondola: To travel by gondola.
go down: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, down.
go down: To descend; to move from a higher place to a lower one.
go down: Synonym of set, to disappear below the horizon.
go down: To descend; to move from a higher place to a lower one.
go down: To decrease; to change from a greater value to a lesser one.
go down: To descend; to move from a higher place to a lower one.
go down: To fall (down); to fall to the floor.
go down: To descend; to move from a higher place to a lower one.
go down: To crash.
go down: To descend; to move from a higher place to a lower one.
go down: To sink.
go down: To be received or accepted.
go down: To be received or accepted.
go down: To be pleasant, etc., when eaten or drunk.
go down: To be blamed for something; to be the scapegoat; to go to prison.
go down: To be recorded or remembered (as).
go down: To take place, happen.
go down: To perform oral sex.
go down: To stop functioning, to go offline.
go down: To be soundly defeated.
go down: To physically leave one's university, either permanently or in some other non-transient sense (such as following the end of term).
customs: third-person singular simple present indicative of custom
charter: To grant or establish a charter.
charter: To lease or hire something by charter.
charter: (of a peace officer) To inform (an arrestee) of their constitutional rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms upon arrest.
opening: present participle and gerund of open
specify: To state explicitly, or in detail, or as a condition.
specify: To include in a specification.
specify: To bring about a specific result.
specify: To speak explicitly or in detail (often used with of).
harvest: To bring in a harvest; reap; glean.
harvest: To kill for meat, slaughter.
harvest: To be occupied bringing in a harvest.
harvest: To win, achieve a gain.
threads: third-person singular simple present indicative of thread
flipper: To lift one or both flippers out of the water and slap the surface of the water.
whisper: To speak softly, or under the breath, so as to be heard only by one near at hand; to utter words without sonant breath; to talk without that vibration in the larynx which gives sonorous, or vocal, sound.
whisper: To mention privately and confidentially, or in a whisper.
whisper: To make a low, sibilant sound.
whisper: To speak with suspicion or timorous caution; to converse in whispers, as in secret plotting.
whisper: To address in a whisper, or low voice.
whisper: To prompt secretly or cautiously; to inform privately.
harness: To place a harness on something; to tie up or restrain.
harness: To capture, control or put to use.
harness: To equip with armour.
back up: To move backwards, especially for a vehicle to do so.
back up: To move a vehicle backwards.
back up: To undo one's actions.
back up: To reconsider one's thoughts.
back up: To copy (data) so that it can be restored if the main copy is lost.
back up: To provide support or the promise of support to.
back up: For the non-striker to take a few steps down the pitch, in preparation to taking a run, just as the bowler bowls the ball.
back up: For a fielder to position himself behind the wicket (relative to a team-mate who is throwing the ball at the wicket) so as to stop the ball, and prevent overthrows.
back up: To halt the flow or movement of something.
back up: To fill up because of a backlog.
dribble: In various ball games, to move (with) the ball, controlling its path by kicking or bouncing it repeatedly.
dribble: To let saliva drip from the mouth; to drool.
dribble: To fall in drops or an unsteady stream; to trickle.
dribble: To let something fall in drips.
dribble: To live or pass one's time in a trivial fashion.
dribble: To perform a card flourish in which the cards fall smoothly from one's hand.
posture: to put one's body into a posture or series of postures, especially hoping that one will be noticed and admired
posture: to pretend to have an opinion or a conviction
posture: To place in a particular position or attitude; to pose.
inhabit: To live or reside in.
inhabit: To be present in.
ingress: To intrude or insert oneself
ingress: To enter (a specified location or area)
ingress: To enter into a zodiacal sign
ingress: To manifest or cause to be manifested in the temporal world; to effect ingression
aliquot: To separate a volume of solution or suspension into aliquots.
blarney: To beguile with flattery.
rhubarb: Of fighter aircraft: to fire at a target opportunistically.
rhubarb: Of an actor in a film, stage play, etc.: to repeat the word rhubarb to create the sound of indistinct conversation; hence, to converse indistinctly, to mumble.
rhubarb: To articulate indistinctly or mumble (words or phrases); to say inconsequential or vague things because one does not know what to say, or to stall for time.
warfare: To lead a military life; to carry on continual wars.
wrinkle: To make wrinkles in; to cause to have wrinkles.
wrinkle: To pucker or become uneven or irregular.
wrinkle: To develop irreversibly wrinkles; to age.
wrinkle: To sneer (at).
disrupt: To throw into confusion or disorder.
disrupt: To interrupt or impede.
disrupt: To improve a product or service in ways that displace an established one and surprise the market.
fashion: To make, build or construct, especially in a crude or improvised way.
fashion: To make in a standard manner; to work.
fashion: To fit, adapt, or accommodate to.
fashion: To forge or counterfeit.
promise: To commit to (some action or outcome), or to assure (a person) of such commitment; to make an oath or vow.
promise: To give grounds for expectation, especially of something good.
examine: to observe or inspect carefully or critically
examine: to check the health or condition of something or someone
examine: to determine the aptitude, skills or qualifications of someone by subjecting them to an examination
examine: to interrogate
imperil: To put into peril; to place in danger.
imperil: To risk or hazard.
blinker: To put blinkers on.
déjà vu: To experience déjà vu; to see (something) as though having seen it before.
improve: To make (something) better; to increase the value or productivity (of something).
improve: To become better.
improve: To disprove or make void; to refute.
improve: To disapprove of; to find fault with; to reprove; to censure.
improve: To use or employ to good purpose; to turn to profitable account.
collide: To impact directly, especially if violent.
collide: To come into conflict, or be incompatible.
archive: To put (something) into an archive.
syringe: To clean or rinse by means of a syringe.
syringe: To inject by means of a syringe.
auspice: To be patron of; to sponsor.
standby: To wait briefly, as for additional communication by radio or telephone; alternative spelling of stand by
prepare: To make ready for a specific future purpose; to set up; to assemble or equip.
prepare: To make ready for eating or drinking; to cook.
prepare: To make oneself ready; to get ready, make preparation.
prepare: To produce or make by combining elements; to synthesize, compound.
minutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of minute
affront: To insult intentionally, especially openly.
affront: To meet defiantly; to confront.
affront: To meet or encounter face to face.
ellipse: To remove from a phrase a word which is grammatically needed, but which is clearly understood without having to be stated.
umbrage: To displease or cause offense.
umbrage: To shade.
misrule: Of a trial judge, to make a bad decision in court.
misrule: To rule badly; to misgovern.
deprave: To speak ill of; to depreciate; to malign; to revile
deprave: To make bad or worse; to vitiate; to corrupt
involve: To have (something) as a component or a related part; to comprise, to include.
involve: To have (something) as a component or a related part; to comprise, to include.
involve: To include (something) as a logical or natural, or necessary component, or consequence or effect of something else; to entail, to imply.
involve: To cause or engage (someone or something) to become connected or implicated, or to participate, in some activity or situation.
involve: To cause or engage (someone or something) to become connected or implicated, or to participate, in some activity or situation.
involve: Chiefly followed by with: to engage (someone or oneself) in an emotional or sexual relationship.
involve: To entangle, intertwine, or mingle (something with one or more other things, or several things together); especially, to entangle (someone or something) in a confusing or troublesome situation.
involve: To cover or envelop (something) completely; to hide, to surround.
involve: To form (something) into a coil or spiral, or into folds; to entwine, to fold up, to roll, to wind round.
involve: To make (something) intricate; to complicate.
involve: To multiply (a number) by itself a given number of times; to raise to any assigned power.
refined: simple past and past participle of refine
verbify: To use a noun as a verb via anthimeria.
verbify: To derive a verb from a pre-existing noun.
furnish: To provide a place with furniture, or other equipment.
furnish: To supply or give (something).
furnish: To supply (somebody) with something.
wash up: To clean the utensils, dishes etc. used in preparing and eating a meal.
wash up: To wash one's hands and/or face, often around mealtimes.
wash up: To carry (an object) to land.
wash up: To be carried by water to land.
wash up: To arrive in a place; to end up somewhere.
trim up: To put up trimmings, especially at Christmas.
pounded: simple past and past participle of pound
dusting: present participle and gerund of dust
bobbitt: To cut off the penis of (a man).
prolate: To utter; to pronounce.
schlong: To engage in sexual intercourse (with); to fuck.
schlong: To beat, whack, or attack.
schlong: To defeat or humiliate.
asperge: To sprinkle.
conduct: To lead, or guide; to escort.
conduct: To lead; to direct; to be in charge of (people or tasks)
conduct: To behave.
conduct: To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit (heat, light, electricity, etc.)
conduct: To direct, as the leader in the performance of a musical composition.
conduct: To act as a conductor (as of heat, electricity, etc.); to carry.
conduct: To carry out (something organized)
succumb: To yield to an overpowering force or overwhelming desire.
succumb: To give up, or give in.
succumb: To die.
succumb: To overwhelm or bring down.
flummox: To confuse; to fluster; to flabbergast.
flummox: To give in, to give up, to collapse.
created: simple past and past participle of create
drabble: To wet or dirty, especially by dragging through mud.
drabble: To fish with a long line and rod.
derived: simple past and past participle of derive
slather: To spread something thickly on something else; to coat well.
slather: To apply generously upon.
slather: To squander.
bathing: present participle and gerund of bathe
bathing: present participle and gerund of bath
dashing: present participle and gerund of dash
suppose: To take for granted; to conclude, with less than absolute supporting data; to believe.
suppose: To theorize or hypothesize.
suppose: To imagine; to believe; to receive as true.
suppose: To reckon to be, to account or esteem as.
suppose: To require to exist or to be true; to imply by the laws of thought or of nature.
suppose: To put by fraud in the place of another.
officer: To supply with officers.
officer: To command as or like an officer.
forlore: simple past of forlese
forlest: first-person simple past of forlese
forlest: third-person simple past of forlese
islands: third-person singular simple present indicative of island
housing: present participle and gerund of house
burrito: To wrap someone or something up like a burrito.
forlese: To abandon, forsake.
unhappy: To make or become unhappy; to sadden.
declare: To make clear, explain, interpret.
declare: To assert or announce formally, officially, explicitly, or emphatically.
declare: To show one's cards in order to score.
declare: For the captain of the batting side to announce the innings complete even though all batsmen have not been dismissed.
declare: For a constituency in an election to officially announce the result
declare: To inform government customs or taxation officials of goods one is importing or of income, expenses, or other circumstances affecting one's taxes.
declare: To make outstanding debts, e.g. taxes, payable.
declare: To explicitly establish the existence of (a variable, function, etc.) without necessarily describing its content.
crumple: To rumple; to press into wrinkles by crushing together.
crumple: To cause to collapse.
crumple: To become wrinkled.
crumple: To collapse; to surrender.
shorten: To make shorter; to abbreviate.
shorten: To become shorter.
shorten: To make deficient (as to); to deprive (of).
shorten: To make short or friable, as pastry, with butter, lard, etc.
shorten: To reduce or diminish in amount, quantity, or extent; to lessen.
shorten: To make crumbly.
shorten: To take in the slack of (a rope).
shorten: To reduce (sail) by taking it in.
villain: To debase; to degrade.
shylock: To lend money at exorbitant rates of interest.
outdoor: To publicly display a child after it has been named
putrefy: To become filled with a pus-like or bile-like substance.
putrefy: To reach an advanced stage of decomposition.
putrefy: To become gangrenous.
putrefy: To make morbid, carious, or gangrenous.
putrefy: To corrupt; to make foul.
cahoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of cahoot
keening: present participle and gerund of keen
foxtrot: To dance the foxtrot.
related: simple past and past participle of relate
forfeit: To suffer the loss of something by wrongdoing or non-compliance
forfeit: To lose a contest, game, match, or other form of competition by voluntary withdrawal, by failing to attend or participate, or by violation of the rules
forfeit: To be guilty of a misdeed; to be criminal; to transgress.
forfeit: To fail to keep an obligation.
engross: To write (a document) in large, aesthetic, and legible lettering; to make a finalized copy of.
engross: To buy up wholesale, especially to buy the whole supply of (a commodity etc.).
engross: To monopolize; to concentrate (something) in the single possession of someone, especially unfairly.
engross: To completely engage the attention of.
engross: To thicken; to condense.
engross: To make gross, thick, or large; to thicken; to increase in bulk or quantity.
engross: To amass.
fellate: To stimulate the penis or scrotum using the mouth.
fellate: To suck (something) in a manner suggestive of fellatio.
fellate: To suck up to, to flatter or be shamefully subservient to.
dismiss: To discharge; to end the employment or service of.
dismiss: To order to leave.
dismiss: To dispel; to rid one’s mind of.
dismiss: To reject; to refuse to accept.
dismiss: To invalidate; to treat as unworthy of serious consideration.
dismiss: To send or put away, to discard with disregard, contempt or disdain. (sometimes followed by as).
dismiss: To get a batsman out.
dismiss: To give someone a red card; to send off.
distort: To bring something out of shape, to misshape.
distort: To become misshapen.
distort: To give a false or misleading account of
obscure: To render obscure; to darken; to make dim; to keep in the dark; to hide; to make less visible, intelligible, legible, glorious, beautiful, or illustrious.
obscure: To hide, put out of sight etc.
obscure: To conceal oneself; to hide.
consort: To associate or keep company (with).
consort: To be in agreement.
clutter: To fill something with clutter.
clutter: To clot or coagulate, like blood.
clutter: To make a confused noise; to bustle.
clutter: To utter words hurriedly, especially (but not exclusively) as a speech disorder (compare cluttering).
knobble: To give a knobbly surface to.
knobble: To produce wrought iron by treating (semirefined puddled iron) on a hearth before shingling.
tourist: To travel as a tourist.
radiate: To extend, send or spread out from a center like radii.
radiate: To emit rays or waves.
radiate: To come out or proceed in rays or waves.
radiate: To illuminate.
radiate: To expose to ionizing radiation, such as by radiography.
radiate: To manifest oneself in a glowing manner.
radiate: To spread into new habitats, migrate.
snicker: To emit a snicker, a stifled or broken laugh.
snicker: To utter through a laugh of this kind.
snicker: To whinny.
traunch: To divide into parts or portions of a series (especially of allotments of funds).
delimit: To mark or fix the limits of.
delimit: To demarcate.
compact: To form an agreement or contract.
compact: To make more dense; to compress.
compact: To unite or connect firmly, as in a system.
founded: simple past and past participle of found
founded: simple past and past participle of find
founded: To set up; to launch; to institute.
victual: To provide (military troops, a place, a ship, etc., or oneself) with a stock of victuals or food; to provision.
victual: To lay in or procure food supplies.
victual: To eat.
changed: simple past and past participle of change
synapse: To form a synapse.
synapse: To undergo synapsis.
spatula: To lift with or as if with a spatula.
spatula: To strike with a spatula.
running: present participle and gerund of run
venture: To undertake a risky or daring journey.
venture: To risk or offer.
venture: To dare to engage in; to attempt without any certainty of success.
venture: To put or send on a venture or chance.
venture: To confide in; to rely on; to trust.
venture: To say something; to offer an opinion.
bearing: present participle and gerund of bear
isotope: To define or demonstrate an isotopy of (one map with another).
take in: To absorb or comprehend.
take in: To enjoy or appreciate.
take in: To allow a person or an animal to live in one's home.
take in: To receive (goods) into one's home for the purpose of processing for a fee.
take in: To shorten (a garment) or make it smaller.
take in: To attend a showing of.
take in: To deceive; to hoodwink.
take in: To tighten (a belaying rope).
take in: To subscribe to home delivery of.
take in: To reef.
take in: To arrest (a person).
throwed: simple past of throw; threw.
throwed: past participle of throw; thrown.
version: To keep track of (a file, document, etc.) in a versioning system.
dungeon: To imprison in a dungeon.
hurling: present participle and gerund of hurl
uniform: To clothe in a uniform.
barista: To work as a barista.
soapbox: To give a speech from (or as if from) a soapbox.
dulcify: To sweeten the taste of.
dulcify: To make sweeter or more pleasant.
dulcify: To neutralise the acidity of.
dulcify: To mollify or make peaceful.
blacken: To cause to be or become black.
blacken: To become black.
blacken: To make dirty.
blacken: To defame or sully.
blacken: To cook (meat or fish) by coating with pepper, etc., and quickly searing in a hot pan.
reflect: To bend back (light, etc.) from a surface.
reflect: To be bent back (light, etc.) from a surface.
reflect: To mirror, or show the image of something.
reflect: To be mirrored.
reflect: To agree with; to closely follow.
reflect: To give evidence of someone's or something's character etc.
reflect: To think seriously; to ponder or consider.
sailing: present participle and gerund of sail
storage: To put into storage; to store.
drizzle: To rain lightly.
drizzle: To shed slowly in minute drops or particles.
drizzle: To pour slowly and evenly, especially oil or honey in cooking.
drizzle: To cover by pouring in this manner.
drizzle: To urinate.
drizzle: To carry out parfilage, the process of unravelling.
bugbear: To alarm with idle phantoms.
schmear: To spread something, often a bagel spread.
schmear: To bribe.
voucher: To establish the authenticity of; to vouch for.
voucher: To provide a vouch for (an expenditure).
voucher: To provide (a beneficiary) with a voucher.
vaccine: Synonym of vaccinate (“to treat (a person or an animal) with a vaccine to produce immunity against a disease”)
calypso: To perform calypso.
upright: To set upright or stand back up (something that has fallen).
go away: To depart or leave a place.
go away: To travel somewhere, especially on holiday or vacation.
go away: To vanish or disappear.
upgrade: To improve, usually applied to technology, generally by complete replacement of one or more components
upgrade: To replace with something better.
upgrade: To improve the equipment or furnishings of or services rendered to
upgrade: To improve in condition or status.
upgrade: To replace a program with a later version of itself, a version having a higher version number or marketed under a more recent product name.
epithet: To term; to refer to as.
outline: To draw an outline of.
outline: To summarize.
outline: To optimize for size by replacing repeated code fragments with function calls.
epistle: To write; to communicate in a letter or by writing.
aerosol: To spray with an aerosol.
imagine: To form a mental image of something; to envision or create something in one's mind.
imagine: To believe in something created by one's own mind.
imagine: to assume
imagine: to conjecture or guess
imagine: to use one's imagination
imagine: To contrive in purpose; to scheme; to devise.
imagine: Used to mock some idea.
therapy: To treat with a therapy.
therapy: To undergo a therapy.
wizened: simple past and past participle of wizen
journal: To archive or record something.
journal: To scrapbook.
journal: To insert (a shaft, etc.) in a journal bearing.
journal: To insert (a shaft, an axle, etc) into a journal bearing.
cutting: present participle and gerund of cut
suspect: To imagine or suppose (something) to be true, or to exist, without proof.
suspect: To distrust or have doubts about (something or someone).
suspect: To believe (someone) to be guilty.
suspect: To have suspicion.
suspect: To look up to; to respect.
shebeen: To operate an unlicensed drinking establishment.
scuffle: To fight or struggle confusedly at close quarters.
scuffle: To walk with a shuffling gait.
scuffle: To make a living with difficulty, getting by on a low income, to struggle financially.
swelter: To suffer terribly from intense heat.
swelter: To perspire greatly from heat.
swelter: To cause to faint, to overpower, as with heat.
smuggle: To import or export, illicitly or by stealth, without paying lawful customs charges or duties
smuggle: To bring in surreptitiously
smuggle: To fondle or cuddle.
smuggle: To thrash or be thrashed by a bear's claws, or to swipe at or be swiped at by a person's arms in a bearlike manner.
ecstasy: To experience intense pleasure.
ecstasy: To cause intense pleasure in.
rampage: To move about wildly or violently.
girning: present participle and gerund of girn
digging: present participle and gerund of dig
holster: To put something in a holster.
uncover: To remove a cover from.
uncover: To reveal the identity of.
uncover: To show openly; to disclose; to reveal.
uncover: To remove one's hat or cap as a mark of respect.
uncover: To expose the genitalia.
uncover: To expose (lines of formation of troops) successively by the wheeling to right or left of the lines in front.
calling: present participle and gerund of call
gallery: To show off.
jackpot: To issue a jackpot.
measles: third-person singular simple present indicative of measle
boycott: To abstain, either as an individual or a group, from using, buying, or dealing with someone or some organization as an expression of protest.
butcher: To slaughter (animals) and prepare (meat) for market.
butcher: To work as a butcher.
butcher: To kill brutally.
butcher: To ruin (something), often to the point of defamation.
butcher: To mess up hopelessly; to botch; to distort beyond recognition.
skipper: To captain a ship or a sports team.
skipper: To take shelter in a barn or shed.
dowsing: present participle and gerund of dowse
pervade: To be in every part of; to spread through.
foxhole: To dig a military foxhole into, or convert into a foxhole by digging.
foxhole: To drive into a military foxhole.
putting: present participle and gerund of put
putting: present participle and gerund of putt
setting: present participle and gerund of set
slipper: To spank with a plimsoll as corporal punishment.
viewing: present participle and gerund of view
forbear: To keep away from; to avoid; to abstain from.
forbear: To refrain from proceeding; to pause; to delay.
forbear: To refuse; to decline; to withsay; to unheed.
forbear: To control oneself when provoked.
forcing: present participle and gerund of force
session: To hold or participate in a jam session with other musicians.
healing: present participle and gerund of heal
persons: third-person singular simple present indicative of person
torment: To cause severe suffering to (stronger than to vex but weaker than to torture.)
get out: To leave or escape.
get out: To come out of a situation; to escape a fate.
get out: To be released, especially from hospital or prison.
get out: To remove one's money from an investment; to end an investment.
get out: To help (someone) leave.
get out: To take (something) from its container or storage place, so as to use or display it.
get out: To leave a vehicle such as a car. (Note: for public transport, get off is more common.)
get out: To become known.
get out: To spend free time out of the house.
get out: To publish or make available; to disseminate.
get out: To say with difficulty.
get out: To remove or eliminate (dirt or stains).
sustain: To maintain, or keep in existence.
sustain: To provide for or nourish.
sustain: To encourage or sanction (something).
sustain: To experience or suffer (an injury, etc.).
sustain: To confirm, prove, or corroborate; to uphold.
sustain: To allow, accept, or admit (e.g. an objection or motion) as valid.
sustain: To keep from falling; to bear; to uphold; to support.
sustain: To aid, comfort, or relieve; to vindicate.
imitate: To follow as a model or a pattern; to make a copy, counterpart or semblance of.
join in: To participate, take part or get involved in something.
turning: present participle and gerund of turn
unravel: To separate the threads (of); disentangle.
unravel: To become separated; (of something woven, knitted, etc.) to come apart.
unravel: To clear from complication or difficulty; to unfold; to solve.
unravel: To separate the connected or united parts of; to throw into disorder; to confuse.
unravel: To become undone; to collapse.
transit: To pass over, across or through something.
transit: To convey people or goods from one place to another, especially by public transport vehicles.
transit: To revolve an instrument about its horizontal axis so as to reverse its direction.
transit: To make a transit.
transit: To carry communications traffic to and from a customer or another network on a compensation basis as opposed to peerage in which the traffic to and from another network is carried on an equivalency basis or without charge.
lantern: To furnish with a lantern.
jewelry: To make jewelry.
jewelry: To adorn with jewelry or make into jewelry.
berries: third-person singular simple present indicative of berry
listing: present participle and gerund of list
neglect: To fail to care for or attend to something.
neglect: To omit to notice; to forbear to treat with attention or respect; to slight.
neglect: To fail to do or carry out something due to oversight or carelessness.
neglect: To ignore for the sake of simplifying calculations without significantly affecting accuracy.
shaping: present participle and gerund of shape
carried: simple past and past participle of carry
crackle: To make a prolonged, frequent cracking sound which sounds like fizzing or popping.
crackle: Misspelling of cackle.
carries: third-person singular simple present indicative of carry
extinct: To make extinct; to extinguish or annihilate.
misdeal: To deal or distribute wrongly.
holding: present participle and gerund of hold
onboard: To become a part of a group; to incorporate (someone) into a group.
onboard: To begin to use a product or service; to take (someone) on as a new customer of a product or service.
moisten: To make moist or moister.
moisten: To become moist or moister.
trinket: To give trinkets; to court favour.
helping: present participle and gerund of help
stories: third-person singular simple present indicative of story
vibrate: To shake with small, rapid movements to and fro.
vibrate: To resonate.
vibrate: To brandish; to swing to and fro.
vibrate: To mark or measure by moving to and fro.
vibrate: To affect with vibratory motion; to set in vibration.
vibrate: To please or impress someone.
vibrate: To use vibrato.
vibrate: To pleasure someone using a vibrator.
torture: To intentionally inflict severe pain or suffering on (someone), usually with the aim of forcing confessions or punishing them.
lactate: To secrete or produce milk
hydrate: To take up, consume or become linked to water.
hydrate: To drink water.
hydrate: To load data from a database record into an object's variables
costume: To dress or adorn with a costume or appropriate garb.
carouse: To engage in a noisy or drunken social gathering.
carouse: To drink to excess.
bunting: present participle and gerund of bunt
shoulda: Contraction of should have.
husking: present participle and gerund of husk
disrobe: To undress someone or something.
disrobe: To undress oneself.
retired: simple past and past participle of retire
pasture: To move animals into a pasture.
pasture: To graze.
pasture: To feed, especially on growing grass; to supply grass as food for.
presume: With infinitive object: to be so presumptuous as (to do something) without proper authority or permission.
presume: To perform, do (something) without authority; to lay claim to without permission.
presume: To assume or suggest to be true (without proof); to take for granted, to suppose.
presume: To take as a premise; to assume for the sake of argument.
presume: To be presumptuous; with on, upon, to take advantage (of), to take liberties (with).
cop off: To leave school or work early without permission.
chuffed: simple past and past participle of chuff
roughen: To make rough.
roughen: To become rough.
bagpipe: To play the bagpipes.
bagpipe: To lay (the mizzen) aback by bringing the sheet to the mizzen rigging.
bagpipe: To masturbate a person's penis in one's armpit.
promote: To raise (someone) to a more important, responsible, or remunerative job or rank.
promote: To advocate or urge on behalf of (something or someone); to attempt to popularize or sell by means of advertising or publicity.
promote: To encourage, urge or incite.
promote: To elevate to a higher league.
promote: To increase the activity of (a catalyst) by changing its surface structure.
promote: To exchange (a pawn) for a queen or other piece when it reaches the eighth rank.
promote: To move on to a subsequent stage of education.
incline: To bend or move (something) out of a given plane or direction, often the horizontal or vertical.
incline: To slope.
incline: To tend to do or believe something, or move or be moved in a certain direction, away from a point of view, attitude, etc.
melting: present participle and gerund of melt
toughen: To make tough.
toughen: To become tough.
backlog: To acquire something as a backlog, or to become a backlog
podcast: To deliver (information) in the form of a programme, especially an audio programme, over the Internet on a regular basis for playback on computers or portable devices such as mobile phones.
podcast: To deliver a programme, especially an audio programme, over the Internet on a regular basis for playback on computers or portable devices such as mobile phones.
propose: To suggest a plan, course of action, etc.
propose: To ask for a person's hand in marriage.
propose: To intend.
propose: To talk; to converse.
propose: To set forth.
authors: third-person singular simple present indicative of author
ballast: To stabilize or load a ship with ballast.
ballast: To lay ballast on the bed of a railroad track.
ballast: To weigh down with a ballast.
bear up: To sail close to the wind.
bear up: To endure hardship cheerfully or without complaining.
bear up: To support; to keep from falling or sinking.
falsify: To alter so as to make false; to make incorrect.
falsify: To misrepresent.
falsify: To prove to be false.
falsify: To counterfeit; to forge.
falsify: To show (an item of charge inserted in an account) to be wrong.
falsify: To baffle or escape.
falsify: To violate; to break by falsehood.
console: To comfort (someone) in a time of grief, disappointment, etc.
squinch: To scrunch up (one's face, etc.).
stupefy: To dull the senses or capacity to think thereby reducing responsiveness; to dazzle or stun.
hatchet: To cut with a hatchet.
quieten: To make quiet.
quieten: To become quiet.
willing: present participle and gerund of will
growing: present participle and gerund of grow
figured: simple past and past participle of figure
impinge: To make a physical impact on.
impinge: To interfere with.
impinge: To have an effect upon, especially a negative one.
enhance: To lift, raise up.
enhance: To augment or make something greater.
enhance: To improve something by adding features.
enhance: To be raised up; to grow larger.
enhance: To take up contrast agent (for an organ, tissue, or lesion).
aroused: simple past and past participle of arouse
emitted: simple past and past participle of emit
disable: To render unable; to take away an ability of, as by crippling.
disable: To impair the physical or mental abilities of; to cause a serious, permanent injury.
disable: To deactivate, to make inoperational (especially of a function of an electronic or mechanical device).
violate: To break or disregard (a rule or convention).
violate: To rape.
violate: To cite (a person) for a parole violation.
winning: present participle and gerund of win
vantage: To profit; to aid.
spoofed: simple past and past participle of spoof
spindle: To make into a long tapered shape.
spindle: To take on a long tapered shape.
spindle: To impale on a device for holding paper documents.
initial: To sign one's initial(s), as an abbreviated signature.
ghillie: Alternative spelling of gillie.
perplex: To cause to feel baffled; to puzzle.
perplex: To involve; to entangle; to make intricate or complicated.
perplex: To plague; to vex; to torment.
quinine: To treat (someone) with quinine.
serving: present participle and gerund of serve
knagged: simple past and past participle of knag
commend: To congratulate or reward.
commend: To praise or acclaim.
commend: To entrust or commit to the care of someone else.
commend: To mention by way of courtesy, implying remembrance and goodwill.
commend: To recommend.
commend: To adorn; to set off.
scupper: Thwart or destroy, especially something belonging or pertaining to another.
overlap: To extend over and partly cover something.
overlap: To co-occur, to happen at the same time.
overlap: To have an area, range, character or function in common.
overlap: Of sets: to have some elements in common.
overlap: To have some similar nucleotide sequences.
snorted: simple past and past participle of snort
reprove: To express disapproval.
reprove: To criticise, rebuke or reprimand (someone), usually in a gentle and kind tone.
reprove: To deny or reject (a feeling, behaviour, action etc.).
reprove: To prove again.
operate: To perform a work or labour; to exert power or strength, physical or mechanical; to act.
operate: To produce an appropriate physical effect; to issue in the result designed by nature; especially (medicine) to take appropriate effect on the human system.
operate: To act or produce effect on the mind; to exert moral power or influence.
operate: To perform some manual act upon a human body in a methodical manner, and usually with instruments, with a view to restore soundness or health, as in amputation, lithotomy, etc.
operate: To deal in stocks or any commodity with a view to speculative profits.
operate: To produce, as an effect; to cause.
operate: To put into, or to continue in, operation or activity; to work.
candied: simple past and past participle of candy
gesture: To make a gesture or gestures.
gesture: To express something by a gesture or gestures.
gesture: To accompany or illustrate with gesture or action.
flatten: To make something flat or flatter.
flatten: To press one's body tightly against a surface, such as a wall or floor, especially in order to avoid being seen or harmed.
flatten: To knock down or lay low.
flatten: To become flat or flatter; to plateau.
flatten: To be knocked down or laid low.
flatten: To lower by a semitone.
flatten: To make vapid or insipid; to render stale.
flatten: To reduce (a data structure) to one that has fewer dimensions, e.g. a 2×2 array into a list of four elements.
flatten: To combine (separate layers) into a single image.
reproof: To proof again.
dwindle: To decrease, shrink, diminish, reduce in size or intensity.
dwindle: To fall away in quality; degenerate, sink.
dwindle: To lessen; to bring low.
dwindle: To break up or disperse.
cyanide: To treat or poison with cyanide.
slobber: To allow saliva or liquid to run from one's mouth.
slobber: To kiss.
flannel: To rub with a flannel.
flannel: To wrap in flannel.
flannel: To flatter; to suck up to.
flannel: To waffle or prevaricate.
obliged: simple past and past participle of oblige
saunter: To stroll, or walk at a leisurely pace.
arrived: simple past and past participle of arrive
opt out: To choose not to participate in something.
gallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of gallow
tea-bag: To dunk into the sea or another body of water
tea-bag: Alternative spelling of teabag
obelisk: To adopt the obelisk posture; to point the tip of the abdomen towards the sun.
espouse: To marry.
espouse: To accept, support, or take on as one’s own (an idea or a cause).
partial: To take the partial regression coefficient.
obtrude: To proffer (something) by force; to impose (something) on someone or into some area.
obtrude: To become apparent in an unwelcome way, to be forcibly imposed; to jut in, to intrude (on or into).
obtrude: To impose (oneself) on others; to cut in.
yiffing: present participle and gerund of yiff
burning: present participle and gerund of burn
flatter: To compliment someone, often (but not necessarily) insincerely and sometimes to win favour.
flatter: To enhance someone's vanity by praising them.
flatter: To portray someone to advantage.
flatter: To encourage or cheer someone with (usually false) hope.
caption: To add captions to a text or illustration.
caption: To add captions to a film or broadcast.
one-way: To use a disc harrow to turn the soil and kill weeds, in preparation for planting seeds.
enclose: to surround with a wall, fence, etc.
enclose: to insert into a container, usually an envelope or package
grabass: To fool around.
spoiler: To mark (a document or message) with a spoiler warning, to prevent readers from accidentally learning details they would prefer not to know.
spoiler: To tell (a person) details of how a story ends etc.
fob off: To use lies, excuses, or deceit to satisfy someone; to deceitfully appease someone by giving something that is spurious or inferior from what was wanted or expected.
fob off: To fraudulently dispose of (goods).
schlump: To move in a heavy, lazy or slovenly way.
oppress: To keep down by unjust force.
oppress: To make sad or gloomy.
oppress: Physically to press down on (someone) with harmful effects; to smother, crush.
oppress: To sexually violate; to rape.
fathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of father
intrude: To thrust oneself in; to come or enter without invitation, permission, or welcome; to encroach; to trespass.
intrude: To force in.
oration: To deliver an oration; to speak.
outsize: to exceed in size
dragoon: To force (someone) into doing something; to coerce.
dragoon: To surrender (a person) to the fury of soldiers.
outlast: To live, last or remain longer than.
deadpan: To express (oneself) in an impassive or expressionless manner.
rummage: To arrange (cargo, goods, etc.) in the hold of a ship; to move or rearrange such goods.
rummage: To search a vessel for smuggled goods.
rummage: To search something thoroughly and with disregard for the way in which things were arranged.
rummage: To search something thoroughly and with disregard for the way in which things were arranged.
rummage: To hastily search for something in a confined space and among many items by carelessly turning things over or pushing things aside.
keep on: To persist or continue.
keep on: To persist in talking about a subject to the annoyance of the listener.
keep on: To cause or allow to remain in an existing position.
keep on: To cause or allow to remain in an existing position.
keep on: To cause or allow to remain in the on or open position.
oxidize: To combine with oxygen or otherwise make an oxide.
oxidize: To increase the valence (or the positive charge) of an element by removing electrons.
oxidize: To coat something with an oxide.
oxidize: To become oxidized.
implore: To beg or plead for (something) earnestly or urgently; to beseech.
implore: To beg or plead that (someone) earnestly or urgently do something; to beseech, to entreat.
implore: Often followed by for (a thing) or of (a person): to express an earnest or urgent plea.
betroth: To promise to give in marriage.
betroth: To promise to take (as a future spouse); to plight one's troth to.
outward: To ward off; to keep out.
cartoon: To draw a cartoon, a humorous drawing.
cartoon: To make a preliminary sketch.
missing: present participle and gerund of miss
entitle: To give a title to.
entitle: To dignify by an honorary designation.
entitle: To give power or authority (to do something).
entitle: To give rightful ownership.
entitle: To give a title to a book, film, play, etc.
keyhole: To strike a target after wobbling in flight so that the long axis of the bullet does not follow the line of flight, typically due to insufficient spin resulting from the rifling in the barrel.
nay-say: To speak negatively of something.
nay-say: To reply no.
ovulate: To produce eggs or ova.
knowing: present participle and gerund of know
outlook: To face or look in an outward direction.
outlook: To look at (someone) so long or intently that they look away; to win or prevail over (someone or something).
outlook: To be more attractive than (someone or something).
outlook: To inspect throughly; to select.
outlook: To look beyond (something).
yawning: present participle and gerund of yawn
zoom in: To increase the focal length of a zoom lens in order to obtain a magnified image, or a close-up.
zoom in: To manipulate a display (such as a computer screen) so as to make the image larger.
suspend: To halt something temporarily.
suspend: To hold in an undetermined or undecided state.
suspend: To discontinue or interrupt a function, task, position, or event.
suspend: To hang freely; underhang.
suspend: To bring a solid substance, usually in powder form, into suspension in a liquid.
suspend: To make to depend.
suspend: To debar, or cause to withdraw temporarily, from any privilege, from the execution of an office, from the enjoyment of income, etc.
suspend: To support in a liquid, as an insoluble powder, by stirring, to facilitate chemical action.
suspend: To remove the value of an unused coupon from an air ticket, typically so as to allow continuation of the next sectors' travel.
respray: To spray again.
obscene: To act or speak in an obscene manner; to offend.
butt in: To join a conversation or situation in which one is not welcome or invited; to interject (connotes a rude or discourteous interruption).
butt in: To join a queue not at the end, but in the middle.
romance: To woo; to court.
romance: To write or tell romantic stories, poetry, letters, etc.
romance: To talk extravagantly and imaginatively; to build castles in the air.
iconize: To form an image or likeness of someone.
iconize: To minimize a window on a personal computer screen, replacing it with a representative icon.
give up: To surrender (someone or something)
give up: To stop or quit (an activity, etc.)
give up: To relinquish (something)
give up: To lose hope concerning (someone or something)
give up: To abandon (someone or something)
give up: To admit defeat, capitulate.
give up: Of a pitcher: to allow a hitter to make (a certain play).
give up: To execute a trade on behalf of another broker.
give up: To acknowledge, recognize as.
ovation: To give (someone) an ovation (prolonged enthusiastic applause).
trickle: to pour a liquid in a very thin stream, or so that drops fall continuously.
trickle: to flow in a very thin stream or drop continuously.
trickle: To move or roll slowly.
wanting: present participle and gerund of want
damaged: simple past and past participle of damage
longing: present participle and gerund of long
sheriff: To carry out the duties of a sheriff
inflict: To thrust upon; to impose.
fanning: present participle and gerund of fan
shyster: To act in a disreputable, unethical, or unscrupulous way, especially in the practice of law and politics.
shyster: To exploit (someone or something) in this way.
prelate: To act as a prelate.
grundle: To emit a grumble, or a lesser version thereof
convent: To call before a judge or judicature; to summon; to convene.
convent: To meet together; to concur.
convent: To be convenient; to serve.
restore: To reestablish, or bring back into existence.
restore: To bring back to good condition from a state of decay or ruin.
restore: To give or bring back (that which has been lost or taken); to bring back to the owner; to replace.
restore: To give in place of, or as restitution for.
restore: To recover (data, etc.) from a backup.
restore: To bring (a note) back to its original signification.
restore: To make good; to make amends for.
carping: present participle and gerund of carp
cripple: To make someone a cripple; to cause someone to become physically impaired.
cripple: To damage seriously; to destroy.
cripple: To cause severe and disabling damage; to make unable to function normally.
cripple: To release a product (especially a computer program) with reduced functionality, in some cases, making the item essentially worthless.
cripple: To nerf something which is overpowered.
washing: present participle and gerund of wash
infield: To enclose (a piece of land); make a field of.
warm up: To become warmer.
warm up: To heat or reheat (e.g. food).
warm up: To reach, or cause to reach, a normal operating temperature (of a car for example).
warm up: To physically or mentally prepare oneself, something or someone for an activity.
warm up: To do gentle exercise, stretching etc., in order to prepare the body for more vigorous exercise.
warm up: To physically or mentally prepare oneself, something or someone for an activity.
warm up: To prepare for an activity by carrying out a practice or preparation routine.
warm up: To physically or mentally prepare oneself, something or someone for an activity.
warm up: To make (an audience) enthusiastic or animated before a show.
warm up: (figuratively) Synonym of warm (to favor increasingly).
relapse: To fall back again; to slide or turn back into a former state or practice.
relapse: To recur; to worsen, be aggravated (after a period of improvement).
relapse: To return to a vice, especially self-harm or alcoholism, failing to maintain abstinence.
relapse: To slip or slide back physically; to turn back.
install: To connect, set up or prepare something for use
install: To connect, set up or prepare something for use
install: To transfer software onto a device's permanent storage and put it in a state where it is ready to be run when needed, usually decompressing it if necessary and performing any necessary pre-first-run configuration.
install: To admit formally into an office, rank or position.
install: To establish or settle in.
weaving: present participle and gerund of weave
weaving: gerund of weave
killing: present participle and gerund of kill
wearing: present participle and gerund of wear
situate: To place on or into a physical location.
situate: To place or put into an intangible place or position, such as social, ethical, fictional, etc. Most commonly used adjectivally in past participle and often used figuratively.
cleanse: To free from dirt; to clean, to purify.
cleanse: To spiritually purify; to free from guilt or sin; to purge.
cleanse: To remove (something seen as unpleasant) from a person, place, or thing.
gelding: present participle and gerund of geld
bollock: To reprimand severely and grossly.
cyanate: To treat or react with cyanide
sod off: Go away.
crested: simple past and past participle of crest
engaged: simple past and past participle of engage
vintage: To harvest (grapes).
vintage: To make (wine) from grapes.
make up: To constitute, to compose.
make up: To constitute, to compose.
make up: To constitute the components of a whole.
make up: To compensate, to fill in, to catch up.
make up: To compensate for (a deficiency, defect, etc.); to supply (something missing).
make up: To compensate, to fill in, to catch up.
make up: To compensate (for).
make up: To invent, to imagine, to concoct
make up: To invent, to imagine, to concoct
make up: To invent or fabricate (a story, claim, etc.).
make up: To assemble, to prepare.
make up: To compile or draw up (a list, document, etc.).
make up: To assemble, to prepare.
make up: To put together (a substance, material, garment, medicine, etc.) into a specific form; to assemble.
make up: To assemble, to prepare.
make up: To prepare (someone) for a theatrical performance by means of costume, cosmetics, etc.
make up: To apply cosmetics.
make up: To apply cosmetics.
make up: To apply cosmetics or makeup to (a face, facial feature).
make up: To make peace, to settle a dispute.
make up: To make peace, to settle a dispute.
make up: To resolve or settle an argument, dispute, conflict, or fight (e.g., with someone).
make up: To arrange, to advance.
make up: To arrange (a marriage); to organise (a treaty).
make up: To arrange, to advance.
make up: To draw near to, approach to.
make up: To arrange, to advance.
make up: To make social or romantic advances to; to pay court to.
make up: To build, to complete.
make up: To build, construct (a tower, city, etc.).
make up: To build, to complete.
make up: To build up (a bank, wall, etc.) where it has fallen away; to repair.
nitpick: To correct insignificant mistakes or find fault in unimportant details.
nitpick: To pick nits (lice eggs) from someone’s hair.
nitpick: I nitpicked his hair.
staunch: Alternative spelling of stanch
wetting: present participle and gerund of wet
inhibit: To hold in or hold back; to keep in check; restrain.
inhibit: To recuse.
cyanose: To turn blue due to cyanosis.
avoided: simple past and past participle of avoid
wake up: To stop sleeping; to awake.
wake up: To awaken somebody.
wake up: To become more aware of a real-life situation; to concentrate on the matter in hand.
certify: To attest to (a fact) as the truth.
certify: To authenticate or verify in writing.
certify: To attest that a product, service, organization, or person has met an official standard.
certify: To inform; to tell (a person) that something is true.
certify: To assure (oneself) of something; to ascertain.
prolong: To extend in space or length.
prolong: To lengthen in time; to extend the duration of
prolong: To put off to a distant time; to postpone.
prolong: To become longer; lengthen.
verdure: To cover with verdure.
wheedle: To cajole or attempt to persuade by flattery.
wheedle: To obtain by flattery, guile, or trickery.
pancake: To make a pancake landing.
pancake: To collapse one floor after another.
pancake: To flatten violently.
bolster: To brace, reinforce, secure, or support.
banning: present participle and gerund of ban
peoples: third-person singular simple present indicative of people
diverge: To run apart; to separate; to tend into different directions.
diverge: To become different; to run apart; to separate; to tend into different directions.
diverge: To separate, to tend into a different direction (from another line or path).
diverge: To become different, to separate (from another line or path).
diverge: Not to converge: to have no limit, or no finite limit.
telling: present participle and gerund of tell
grounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of ground
batting: present participle and gerund of bat
connote: To signify beyond its literal or principal meaning.
connote: To possess an inseparable related condition; to imply as a logical consequence.
connote: To express without overt reference; to imply.
connote: To require as a logical predicate to consequence.
whimper: To cry or sob softly and intermittently.
whimper: To cry with a low, whining, broken voice; to whine; to complain.
whimper: To say something in a whimpering manner.
tremble: To shake, quiver, or vibrate.
tremble: To fear; to be afraid.
counter: To contradict, oppose.
counter: To return a blow while receiving one, as in boxing.
counter: To take action in response to; to respond.
counter: To encounter.
whiting: present participle and gerund of white
grocery: To go grocery shopping.
grocery: To furnish with groceries.
unshift: To release the shift key on a computer or typewriter keyboard.
unshift: To add an item to the beginning of an array.
recline: To cause to lean back; to bend back.
recline: To put in a resting position.
recline: To lean back.
recline: To put oneself in a resting position.
lionize: To treat (a person) as if they were important, or a celebrity.
lionize: To visit (a famous place) in order to revere it.
collude: to act in concert with; to conspire
blazing: present participle and gerund of blaze
repaper: To apply new wallpaper to, either by first stripping the old wallpaper off, or by papering over the top.
stopgap: To stop up or fill (a physical gap or hole, or a hiatus).
stopgap: To use something as a short-term fix or temporary measure until a better alternative can be obtained.
stopgap: To use something as a short-term fix or temporary measure until a better alternative can be obtained.
stopgap: To work at a position temporarily until a permanent appointment or hire is made.
comport: To tolerate, bear, put up (with).
comport: To be in agreement (with); to be of an accord.
comport: To behave (in a given manner).
barking: present participle and gerund of bark
work on: To shape, form or improve something.
work on: To exercise influence on someone.
kidding: present participle and gerund of kid
endorse: To express support or approval, especially officially or publicly.
endorse: To write one's signature on the back of a cheque, or other negotiable instrument, when transferring it to a third party, or cashing it.
endorse: To give an endorsement.
endorse: To report (a symptom); to describe.
twitter: To utter a succession of chirps.
twitter: (of a person) To talk in an excited or nervous manner.
twitter: To make the sound of a half-suppressed laugh; to titter; to giggle.
twitter: To have a slight trembling of the nerves; to be excited or agitated.
twitter: To twit; to reproach or upbraid.
twitter: Alternative form of Twitter
twitter: To move like a songbird.
wording: present participle and gerund of word
compost: To produce compost, let organic matter decay into fertilizer.
blow up: To blow something upward.
blow up: To explode or be destroyed by explosion.
blow up: To cause (something or someone) to explode, or to destroy (something) or maim or kill (someone) by means of an explosion.
blow up: To inflate or fill with air, either by literally blowing or using an air pump.
blow up: To enlarge or zoom in.
blow up: To fail disastrously.
blow up: To become popular very quickly.
blow up: To suddenly get very angry.
blow up: To become much more fat or rotund in a short space of time.
blow up: To inflate, as with pride, self-conceit, etc.; to puff up.
blow up: To excite.
blow up: To scold violently.
blow up: To blow the whistle.
blow up: To succumb to oxygen debt and lose the ability to maintain pace in a race.
blow up: To bombard with a large number of calls, texts, etc., often exasperating the recipient.
blow up: Receiving a large number of calls or notifications to the point of making the device effectively unusable.
blow up: To cause a malodorous smell by flatulation or defecation.
wrecked: simple past and past participle of wreck
lodging: present participle and gerund of lodge
bowling: present participle and gerund of bowl
ululate: to howl loudly or prolongedly in lamentation or joy
ululate: to produce a rapid and prolonged series of sharp noises with one's voice.
wounded: simple past and past participle of wound
denizen: To grant rights of citizenship to; to naturalize.
denizen: To provide with denizens; to populate with adopted or naturalized occupants.
sticker: To apply one or more stickers to (something).
sticker: To mark as the sticker price
charges: third-person singular simple present indicative of charge
calumny: To make false accusations or levy false charges against a person with the intent to tarnish that person's reputation or standing; to calumniate.
wassail: To toast, to drink to the health of another.
wassail: To drink wassail.
wassail: To go from house to house at Christmastime, singing carols.
wilding: present participle and gerund of wild
trounce: To beat severely; to thrash.
trounce: To beat or overcome thoroughly, to defeat heavily; especially (games, sports) to win against (someone) by a wide margin.
trounce: To chastise or punish physically or verbally; to scold with abusive language.
trounce: To punish by bringing a lawsuit against; to sue.
trounce: To walk heavily or with some difficulty; to tramp, to trudge.
trounce: To pass across or over; to traverse.
trounce: To travel quickly over a long distance.
winding: present participle and gerund of wind
winding: present participle and gerund of wind
jealous: To harass or attack (somebody) out of jealousy.
jealous: To deliberately make (someone) jealous of another person's (often their partner's) associations with other people.
forming: present participle and gerund of form
veining: present participle and gerund of vein
persist: To go on stubbornly or resolutely.
persist: To repeat an utterance.
persist: To continue to exist.
persist: To continue to be; to remain.
persist: To cause to persist; make permanent.
wriggle: To twist one's body to and fro with short, writhing motions; to squirm.
wriggle: To cause something to wriggle.
wriggle: To use crooked or devious means.
wrestle: To contend, with an opponent, by grappling and attempting to throw, immobilize or otherwise defeat him, depending on the specific rules of the contest.
wrestle: To struggle or strive.
wrestle: To take part in a wrestling match with someone.
wrestle: To move or lift (something) with difficulty.
wrestle: To throw a calf etc in order to brand it.
wrestle: To fight.
witness: To furnish proof of, to show.
witness: To take as evidence.
witness: To see or gain knowledge of through experience.
witness: To present personal religious testimony; to preach at (someone) or on behalf of.
witness: To see the execution of (a legal instrument), and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity.
devoted: simple past and past participle of devote
charged: simple past and past participle of charge
upstage: To draw attention away from others, especially on-stage.
upstage: To force other actors to face away from the audience by staying upstage.
upstage: To treat snobbishly.
upstage: To restage upward; to restage (a case of a disease, usually a cancer) to a higher stage than that found at last assessment.
parking: present participle and gerund of park
shingle: To cover with small, thin pieces of building material, with shingles.
shingle: To cut, as hair, so that the ends are evenly exposed all over the head, like shingles on a roof.
shingle: To increase the storage density of (a hard disk) by writing tracks that partially overlap.
shingle: To hammer and squeeze material in order to expel cinder and impurities from it, as in metallurgy.
shingle: To beat with a shingle.
purloin: To take the property of another, often in breach of trust; to appropriate wrongfully; to steal.
purloin: To commit theft; to thieve.
carb up: To consume a large amount of carbohydrates, ostensibly for energy; generally a practice of athletes, especially runners and swimmers.
expiate: To atone or make reparation for.
expiate: To make amends or pay the penalty for.
expiate: To relieve or cleanse of guilt.
expiate: To purify with sacred rites.
expiate: To wind up, bring to an end.
wrap up: To cover or enclose (something) by folding and securing a covering entirely around it.
wrap up: To conclude or finish completely.
wrap up: To summarize or recapitulate.
wrap up: To put on abundant clothing as protection from the cold; to bundle up.
wrap up: To cocoon; to surround protectively.
wrap up: To tie up; to make too busy to respond.
wrap up: To combine, incorporate or encapsulate into one thing.
wrap up: To hide or cover up.
wrap up: To curl into a more compact form.
designs: third-person singular simple present indicative of design
colonel: To act as or like a colonel.
wrangle: To convince or influence (someone) by arguing or contending.
wrangle: Followed by out of: to elicit (something) from a person by arguing or bargaining.
wrangle: To speak or write (something) in an argumentative or contentious manner.
wrangle: To spend (time) arguing or quarrelling.
wrangle: To herd (horses or other livestock).
wrangle: To manage or supervise (people).
wrangle: To herd (horses or other livestock).
wrangle: To gather and organize (data, facts, information, etc.), especially in a way which requires sentience rather than automated methods alone, as in data wrangling.
wrangle: To herd (horses or other livestock).
wrangle: Followed by out of: to compel or drive (someone or something) away through arguing.
wrangle: Followed by out: to put forward arguments on (a case, a matter disagreed upon, etc.).
wrangle: To cause (oneself) grief through arguing or quarrelling.
wrangle: To quarrel angrily and noisily; to bicker.
wrangle: To make harsh noises as if quarrelling.
wrangle: To argue, to debate; also (dated), to debate or discuss publicly, especially about a thesis at a university.
revenge: To take revenge for (a particular harmful action) or on behalf of (its victim); to avenge.
revenge: To take one's revenge (on or upon someone).
revenge: To take vengeance; to revenge itself.
ongoing: present participle and gerund of ongo
rapture: To cause to experience great happiness or excitement.
rapture: To experience great happiness or excitement.
rapture: To take (someone) off the Earth and bring (them) to Heaven as part of the Rapture.
rapture: To take part in the Rapture; to leave Earth and go to Heaven as part of the Rapture.
rapture: To state (something, transitive) or talk (intransitive) rapturously.
disturb: to confuse a quiet, constant state or a calm, continuous flow, in particular: thoughts, actions or liquids.
disturb: to divert, redirect, or alter by disturbing.
disturb: to have a negative emotional impact; to cause emotional distress or confusion.
longest: second-person singular simple present indicative of long
propone: to propose or put forward for discussion or consideration
dogfood: To eat one's own dog food, to use products developed by oneself or by one’s own company as end users.
reënter: Rare spelling of reenter.
reëlect: Rare spelling of reelect.
vodcast: To deliver video on demand via a podcast.
animate: To impart motion or the appearance of motion to.
animate: To give spirit or vigour to; to stimulate or enliven; to inspirit.
theorem: To formulate into a theorem.
swamped: simple past and past participle of swamp
fatigue: To tire or make weary by physical or mental exertion.
fatigue: To wilt a salad by dressing or tossing it.
fatigue: To lose so much strength or energy that one becomes tired, weary, feeble or exhausted.
fatigue: To undergo the process of fatigue; to fail as a result of fatigue.
fatigue: To cause to undergo the process of fatigue.
blemish: To spoil the appearance of.
blemish: To tarnish (reputation, character, etc.); to defame.
purport: To convey, imply, or profess (often falsely or inaccurately).
purport: To intend.
cowgirl: To work as a cowgirl, herding cattle.
cowgirl: To mount someone and have sexual intercourse in the cowgirl position.
whittle: To cut or shape wood with a knife.
whittle: To reduce or gradually eliminate something (such as a debt).
whittle: To make eager or excited; to excite with liquor; to inebriate.
bedding: present participle and gerund of bed
maffick: To celebrate a victory in a boisterous manner.
detrain: To exit from a train; to disembark
detrain: to remove a passenger or passengers from a train; to evacuate passengers from a train.
detrain: to reduce one's training, particularly during the offseason, in preparation for a cycle of retraining.
detrain: to transfer air from an organized air current to the surrounding atmosphere - cf. entrain
cuckold: To make a cuckold or cuckquean of someone by being unfaithful, or by seducing their partner or spouse.
retrain: To train again; especially, to train or study in a new subject or job
twisted: simple past and past participle of twist
knifing: present participle and gerund of knife
cohabit: To live together with someone else, especially in a romantic and sexual relationship but without being married.
cohabit: To coexist in common environs with.
cohabit: To engage in sexual intercourse; see coition.
wing it: To improvise; to make things up or figure things out as one goes; to perform with little or no preparation.
atrophy: To wither or waste away.
atrophy: To cause to waste away or become abortive; to starve or weaken.
unclear: To undo the process of clearing.
smiling: present participle and gerund of smile
vinegar: To season or otherwise treat with vinegar.
unplait: to undo or untwist plaited hair; to unbraid
unstrap: To loosen or remove the straps from (something).
unblock: To remove or clear a block or obstruction from.
unblock: To free or make available.
unblock: In whist, to throw away a high card so as not to interrupt one's partner's long suit.
unblock: To enable communication again, via telephone, instant messaging, etc., with (somebody previously blocked).
wigging: present participle and gerund of wig
ribbing: present participle and gerund of rib
seconds: third-person singular simple present indicative of second
unlearn: To discard the knowledge of.
unlearn: To break a habit.
pigging: present participle and gerund of pig
undergo: To experience; to pass through a phase.
undergo: To suffer or endure; bear with.
undergo: To go or move under or beneath.
smolder: To burn with no flame and little smoke.
smolder: To show signs of repressed anger or suppressed mental turmoil or other strong emotion, such as passion.
smolder: To exist in a suppressed or hidden state.
skilled: simple past and past participle of skill
marshal: To arrange (troops, etc.) in line for inspection or a parade.
marshal: To arrange (facts, etc.) in some methodical order.
marshal: To ceremoniously guide, conduct or usher.
marshal: To gather data for transmission.
marshal: To serialize an object into a marshalled state represented by a sequence of bytes that can later be converted back into an object with equivalent properties.
airmail: To send mail by air.
airmail: To (unintentionally) throw the ball well over a fielder's head where that fielder is unable to make a play on the ball.
cleanup: Misspelling of clean up.
chuckle: To laugh quietly or inwardly.
chuckle: To communicate through chuckling.
chuckle: To make the sound of a chicken; to cluck.
chuckle: To call together, or call to follow, as a hen calls her chickens; to cluck.
chuckle: To fondle; to indulge or pamper.
shuffle: To put in a random order.
shuffle: To change; modify the order of something.
shuffle: To move in a slovenly, dragging manner; to drag or scrape the feet in walking or dancing.
shuffle: To change one's position; to shift ground; to evade questions; to resort to equivocation; to prevaricate.
shuffle: To use arts or expedients; to make shift.
shuffle: To shove one way and the other; to push from one to another.
shuffle: To remove or introduce by artificial confusion.
zero in: To focus one's aim; to zoom in and center (on something).
zero in: To successfully narrow down a search (for).
zero in: To concentrate or focus one's attention (on a task).
zero in: To converge (on).
fitting: present participle and gerund of fit
fitting: Getting ready; preparing.
predict: To make a prediction: to forecast, foretell, or estimate a future event on the basis of knowledge and reasoning; to prophesy a future event on the basis of mystical knowledge or power.
predict: To imply.
predict: To make predictions.
predict: To direct a ranged weapon against a target by means of a predictor.
cluster: To collect (animals, people, or objects) into clusters (noun sense 1).
cluster: To cover (with clusters); to scatter or strew in clusters (within); to distribute (objects) within such that they form clusters.
cluster: To form a cluster or group; to assemble, to gather.
gliding: present participle and gerund of glide
dehisce: To burst or split open at definite places, discharging seeds, pollen or similar content.
dehisce: To rupture or break open, as a surgical wound.
truckle: To roll or move upon truckles, or casters; to trundle.
truckle: To sleep in a truckle bed.
truckle: To act in a submissive manner; to fawn, submit to a superior.
profane: To violate (something sacred); to treat with abuse, irreverence, obloquy, or contempt; to desecrate
profane: To put to a wrong or unworthy use; to debase; to abuse; to defile.
upskirt: To take a voyeuristic photograph up the skirt of (a woman), especially surreptitiously.
cock up: To ruin (something) unintentionally; to fuck up, mess up, or screw up.
rip off: To pull off by ripping.
rip off: To cheat or swindle, especially by charging an exorbitant or unfair fee.
rip off: To steal.
rip off: To copy, especially illegally.
bromate: To treat with bromic acid or a bromate
barrage: To direct a barrage at.
singing: present participle and gerund of sing
travail: To toil.
travail: To go through the labor of childbirth.
sloping: present participle and gerund of slope
respond: To say something in return; to answer; to reply.
respond: To act in return; to carry out an action or in return to a force or stimulus; to do something in response.
respond: To correspond with; to suit.
respond: To satisfy; to answer.
respond: To be liable for payment.
curving: present participle and gerund of curve
citrate: To cause to form citrate.
formate: To assemble flying aircraft into formation; to fly in formation.
ceilidh: To attend a ceilidh (noun sense 1).
ceilidh: To dance a ceilidh dance.
make do: To survive, get by (with), or use whatever is available (due to lack of resources).
make do: To put into action.
make do: To use for one's purpose something worn, defective, or intended for another purpose.
chatter: To talk idly.
chatter: To make a noise by rapid collisions.
chatter: To utter sounds which somewhat resemble language, but are inarticulate and indistinct.
exiting: present participle and gerund of exit
exiting: Misspelling of exciting.
rebrand: To change the brand name, logo, or image of a product or company.
misstep: To step badly or incorrectly.
misstep: To make an error or mistake.
singles: third-person singular simple present indicative of single
stuffed: simple past and past participle of stuff
fizzing: present participle and gerund of fizz
fizzing: present participle and gerund of fiz
routing: present participle and gerund of route
routing: present participle and gerund of rout
subpœna: Obsolete spelling of subpoena
inkling: present participle and gerund of inkle
beef up: To strengthen or reinforce; to add substance to.
deprive: To take something away from (someone) and keep it away; to deny someone something.
deprive: To degrade (a clergyman) from office.
deprive: To bereave.
bushing: present participle and gerund of bush
handled: simple past and past participle of handle
gunk up: To soil or dirty; to mess up; to clog.
folding: present participle and gerund of fold
grumble: To make a low, growling or rumbling noise, like a hungry stomach or certain animals.
grumble: To complain; to murmur or mutter with discontent; to make ill-natured complaints in a low voice and a surly manner.
grumble: To utter in a grumbling fashion.
montage: To combine into, or depict as, a montage.
extrude: To push or thrust out.
extrude: To form or shape (a metal, plastic etc.) by forcing it through a die or an opening.
extrude: To expel; to drive off.
goof up: To make a mistake.
goof up: To introduce problems to or damage through incompetence.
hackers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hacker
pony up: To pay (usually a bill, debt or due).
mess up: To make a mess of; to untidy, disorder, soil, or muss.
mess up: To cause a problem with; to introduce an error or mistake in; to make muddled or confused; spoil; ruin.
mess up: To botch, bungle; to perform poorly on.
mess up: To make a mistake; to do something incorrectly; to perform poorly.
mess up: To cause (another person) to make unwanted mistakes in a given task, usually through distraction or obnoxious behavior.
mess up: To damage; injure.
mess up: To manhandle; beat up; rough up.
mess up: To discombobulate, utterly confuse, or confound psychologically; to throw into a state of mental disarray.
falling: present participle and gerund of fall
sullied: simple past and past participle of sully
gawping: present participle and gerund of gawp
surpass: To go beyond or exceed (something) in an adjudicative or literal sense.
encrust: To cover with a hard crust.
encrust: To form a crust.
encrust: To inset or affix decorative materials upon (a surface); to inlay into, as a piece of carving or other ornamental object.
ferment: To react, using fermentation; especially to produce alcohol by aging or by allowing yeast to act on sugars; to brew.
ferment: To stir up, agitate, cause unrest or excitement in.
fess up: To confess to something; to admit something.
suffuse: To spread through or over something, especially as a liquid, colour or light; to bathe.
suffuse: To spread through or over in the manner of a liquid.
suffuse: To pour underneath.
clarify: To make clear or bright by freeing from feculent matter.
clarify: To make clear or easily understood; to explain in order to remove doubt or obscurity.
clarify: To grow or become clear or transparent; to become free from feculent impurities, as wine or other liquid under clarification.
clarify: To grow clear or bright; to clear up.
clarify: To glorify.
warming: present participle and gerund of warm
palpate: To examine or otherwise explore through touch, particularly (medicine) in reference to an area or organ of the human body.
returns: third-person singular simple present indicative of return
trundle: To wheel or roll (an object on wheels), especially by pushing, often slowly or heavily.
trundle: To transport (something or someone) using an object on wheels, especially one that is pushed.
trundle: To move heavily (on wheels).
trundle: To move (something or someone), often heavily or clumsily.
trundle: To move, often heavily or clumsily.
trundle: To cause (something) to roll or revolve; to roll (something) along.
trundle: To roll or revolve; to roll along.
skillet: To cook in a skillet.
traduce: To malign a person or entity by making malicious and false or defamatory statements.
traduce: To pass on (to one's children, future generations etc.); to transmit.
traduce: To pass into another form of expression; to rephrase, to translate.
trading: present participle and gerund of trade
readied: simple past and past participle of ready
starred: simple past and past participle of star
mounted: simple past and past participle of mount
carbone: To broil.
stumble: To trip or fall; to walk clumsily.
stumble: To make a mistake or have trouble.
stumble: To cause to stumble or trip.
stumble: To mislead; to confound; to cause to err or to fall.
stumble: To strike or happen (upon a person or thing) without design; to fall or light by chance; with on, upon, or against.
realize: To make real; to convert from the imaginary or fictitious into reality; to bring into real existence
realize: To become aware of (a fact or situation, especially of something that has been true for a long time).
realize: To cause to seem real to other people.
realize: To sense vividly or strongly; to make one's own in thought or experience.
realize: To acquire as an actual possession; to obtain as the result of plans and efforts; to gain; to get
realize: To convert any kind of property into money, especially property representing investments, such as shares, bonds, etc.
realize: To convert into real property; to make real estate of.
realize: To turn an abstract linguistic object into actual language, especially said of a phoneme's conversion into speech sound.
reallow: To allow again.
hot dog: To perform a dangerous or difficult act or stunt as a display of skill or daring, especially in surfing and other sports.
sweater: To dress in a sweater.
cloture: To end legislative debate by this means.
portend: To serve as a warning or omen of.
portend: To signify; to denote.
compere: To emcee, to act as compere.
windbag: To talk pompously or excessively.
polling: present participle and gerund of poll
remarry: To marry a second or subsequent time (the same spouse or a different one) after the end of a marriage.
rousing: present participle and gerund of rouse
bloated: simple past and past participle of bloat
mortise: To cut a mortise in.
mortise: To join by a mortise and tenon.
mortise: To adjust the horizontal space between selected pairs of letters; to kern.
chat up: To talk to (someone) in a friendly, open, or casual manner, sometimes also in a charming or affected manner, usually to curry favor, and sometimes flirtatiously with the intention of establishing a romantic or sexual encounter or relationship with that person.
labiate: To labialize.
invited: simple past and past participle of invite
drooped: simple past and past participle of droop
emerged: simple past and past participle of emerge.
painted: simple past and past participle of paint
remorse: To experience remorse; to regret.
rolling: present participle and gerund of roll
retrace: To trace (a line, etc. in drawing) again.
retrace: To go back over something, usually in an attempt at rediscovery.
retrace: To undergo retracement.
pubbing: present participle and gerund of pub
midwife: To act as a midwife.
midwife: To facilitate the emergence of.
leister: To catch or spear (fish) with a leister.
mugging: present participle and gerund of mug
resurge: To rise again; to go through a period of renewed vigor or vitality.
ducking: present participle and gerund of duck
punning: present participle and gerund of pun
funding: present participle and gerund of fund
chagrin: To bother or vex; to mortify.
chagrin: To be vexed or annoyed.
realise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of realize.
unquote: To convert (a quoted expression) back to its original form.
oxalate: To coat (steel, etc.) with an oxalate.
firming: present participle and gerund of firm
buzzing: present participle and gerund of buzz
burthen: Archaic form of burden.
tarnish: To oxidize or discolor due to oxidation.
tarnish: To compromise, damage, soil, or sully.
tarnish: To lose its lustre or attraction; to become dull.
tarnish: To use a sign, image, expression, etc. sufficiently close to a trademarked one that it brings disrepute to it.
bridges: third-person singular simple present indicative of bridge
plummet: To drop swiftly, in a direct manner; to fall quickly.
texture: To create or apply a texture.
snigger: To emit a snigger.
culvert: To channel (a stream of water) through a culvert.
benched: simple past and past participle of bench
invalid: To exempt from (often military) duty because of injury or ill health.
invalid: To make invalid or affect with disease.
airship: To transport goods by aircraft.
centers: third-person singular simple present indicative of center
dawn on: To occur to somebody; to be realized.
blew it: simple past of blow it
beeline: To travel in a straight line, ignoring established paths of travel.
exposed: simple past and past participle of expose
namaste: To utter "namaste".
top off: To fill or refill the final portion of something that is not empty, until it is completely full.
top off: To complete, to put the finishing touch to (something).
swazzle: To speak using a swazzle.
glimpse: To see or view briefly or incompletely.
glimpse: To appear by glimpses.
skitter: To move hurriedly or as by bouncing or twitching; to scamper, to scurry.
skitter: To make a scratching or scuttling noise while, or as if, skittering.
skitter: To move or pass (something) over a surface quickly so that it touches only at intervals; to skip, to skite.
skitter: To cause to have diarrhea.
skitter: To suffer from a bout of diarrhea; to produce thin excrement.
sit out: To decline to participate; particularly, to decline to dance.
sit out: To await the cessation of, without taking part.
sit out: To be away from the table in the midst of an ongoing game, thus automatically placing one's forced bets and otherwise folding every hand when it is one's time to act.
sit out: To lean out to the windward side of a sailboat in order to counterbalance the effects of the wind on the sails.
sit out: To escape a hold while face down by swinging one's legs around into the sitting position.
baptize: To perform the sacrament of baptism by sprinkling or pouring water over someone or immersing them in water.
baptize: To dedicate or christen.
baptize: Of rum, brandy, or any other spirits, to dilute with water.
baptize: To ensure proper burning of a joint by moistening the exterior with saliva.
baptize: To extinguish the life of.
creased: simple past and past participle of crease
snippet: To produce a snippet (small part) of; to excerpt.
snippet: To make small cuts, to snip, particularly with scissors.
frisbee: Alternative form of Frisbee
lets go: third-person singular simple present indicative of let go
sidearm: To throw a ball with one's arm roughly parallel to the ground.
desired: simple past and past participle of desire
masters: third-person singular simple present indicative of master
imposed: simple past and past participle of impose
closest: second-person singular simple present indicative of close
failing: present participle and gerund of fail
injured: simple past and past participle of injure
pioneer: To be the first to do or achieve (something), preparing the way for others to follow.
ranging: present participle and gerund of range
escaped: simple past and past participle of escape
travels: third-person singular simple present indicative of travel
varying: present participle and gerund of vary
deviate: To go off course from; to change course; to change plans.
deviate: To fall outside of, or part from, some norm; to stray.
deviate: To cause to diverge.
licking: present participle and gerund of lick
crusade: To go on a military crusade.
crusade: To make a grand concerted effort toward some purportedly worthy cause.
fill in: To fill; to replace material that is absent or has been removed.
fill in: To inform somebody, especially to supply someone missing or missed information.
fill in: To substitute for somebody or something.
fill in: To complete a form or questionnaire with requested information.
fill in: To beat up; to physically assault.
grizzle: To make or become grey, as with age.
grizzle: to cry continuously but not very loudly - especially of a young child.
grizzle: To whinge or whine.
grizzle: To fuss or cry
inspect: To examine critically or carefully; especially, to search out problems or determine condition; to scrutinize.
inspect: To view and examine officially.
scandal: To treat opprobriously; to defame; to slander.
scandal: To scandalize; to offend.
degrade: To lower in value or social position.
degrade: To reduce in quality or purity.
degrade: To reduce in altitude or magnitude, as hills and mountains; to wear down.
give in: To collapse or fall.
give in: To relent, yield, surrender or admit defeat.
give in: To droop the head.
educate: to instruct or train
scunner: To be sick of.
scunner: To dislike.
scunner: To cause to loathe, or feel disgust at.
scourge: To strike with a scourge; to flog.
peanuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of peanut
brittle: To become brittle.
brittle: To gut.
trollop: to act in a sluggish or slovenly manner
trollop: to dangle soggily: become bedraggled
trollop: to behave like a trollop
trollop: Of a horse: to move with a gait between a trot and a gallop; to canter.
scrooge: To crush or press; to squeeze (past, into, together, etc.).
hunting: present participle and gerund of hunt
diffuse: To spread over or through as in air, water, or other matter, especially by fluid motion or passive means.
diffuse: To be spread over or through as in air, water, or other matter, especially by fluid motion or passive means.
postfix: To suffix.
postfix: To subject a sample to postfixation
dignify: To invest with dignity or honour.
dignify: To give distinction to.
dignify: To exalt in rank.
dignify: To treat as worthy or acceptable; to indulge or condone by acknowledging.
mailing: present participle and gerund of mail
fissure: To split, forming fissures.
crossed: simple past and past participle of cross
sweeten: To make sweet to the taste.
sweeten: To make (more) pleasant or to the mind or feelings.
sweeten: To make mild or kind; to soften.
sweeten: To make less painful or laborious; to relieve.
sweeten: To soften to the eye; to make delicate.
sweeten: To make pure and salubrious by destroying noxious matter.
sweeten: To make warm and fertile.
sweeten: To restore to purity; to free from taint.
sweeten: To make more attractive; said of offers in negotiations.
sweeten: To become sweet.
sweeten: To supplement (a composition) with additional instruments, especially strings.
needing: present participle and gerund of need
chopped: simple past and past participle of chop
sharing: present participle and gerund of share
liquefy: To make into a liquid.
liquefy: To become liquid.
liquefy: To distort and warp an image.
chamfer: To cut off the edge or corner of something.
chamfer: To cut a groove in something.
succede: Dated form of succeed.
sending: present participle and gerund of send
apprise: To make (someone or oneself) aware of some information; to inform, to notify.
apprise: To formally impart (information) to someone; to advise, to notify.
apprise: Synonym of appraise (“to determine the value or worth of (something)”)
apprise: To put a price on (something) for the purpose of sale; to appraise.
gafiate: To leave the mundane world and enter the science fiction fandom community.
gafiate: To drop out of fandom community activities, with the implication of "getting a life".
grommet: To insert a grommet into.
grommet: To fasten using a grommet.
grommet: To apply grommets.
sitting: present participle and gerund of sit
bombing: present participle and gerund of bomb
excerpt: To select or copy sample material (excerpts) from a work.
ranking: present participle and gerund of rank
no-show: To fail to show up for something.
ferrule: To equip with a ferrule.
lacquer: To apply a lacquer to something or to give something a smooth, glossy finish.
redcoat: To work as a redcoat, in Butlin's. Also capital Redcoat
fold up: To make or become more compact by folding.
fold up: To go out of business.
twiddle: To wiggle, fidget or play with; to move around.
twiddle: To flip or switch two adjacent bits (binary digits).
twiddle: To be in an equivalence relation with.
twiddle: To play with anything; hence, to be busy about trifles.
entrain: To draw along as a current does.
entrain: To suspend small particles in the current of a fluid.
entrain: To set up or propagate a signal, such as an oscillation.
entrain: To encarriage, to conjoin, to link; as in a series of entities, elements, objects or processes.
entrain: To become trained or conditioned in a pattern of brain behavior.
entrain: To get into or board a railway train.
entrain: To put aboard a railway train.
lozenge: To form into the shape of a lozenge.
lozenge: To mark or emblazon with a lozenge.
chevron: To form or be formed into chevrons
chicane: To use chicanery, tricks, or subterfuge.
chicane: To deceive.
storied: simple past and past participle of story
snuffle: To sniff or smell with the nose loudly and audibly.
snuffle: To speak through the nose; to breathe through the nose when it is obstructed, so as to make a broken sound.
overdub: To record a part along with an already recorded part or parts.
jawbone: To talk persistently in an attempt to persuade somebody to cooperate.
defraud: To obtain money or property from (a person) by fraud; to swindle.
defraud: To deprive.
ascribe: To attribute a cause or characteristic to someone or something.
ascribe: To attribute a book, painting or any work of art or literature to a writer or creator.
ascribe: To believe in or agree with; subscribe.
commune: To converse together with sympathy and confidence; to interchange sentiments or feelings; to take counsel.
commune: To communicate (with) spiritually; to be together (with); to contemplate or absorb.
commune: To receive the communion.
swindle: To defraud.
swindle: To obtain (money or property) by fraudulent or deceitful methods.
swindle: for a player in a losing position to play a clever move that provokes an error from the opponent, thus achieving a win or a draw
justify: To provide an acceptable explanation for.
justify: To be a good, acceptable reason for; warrant.
justify: To arrange (text) on a page or a computer screen such that the left and right ends of all lines within paragraphs are aligned.
justify: To absolve, and declare to be free of blame or sin.
justify: To give reasons for one’s actions; to make an argument to prove that one is in the right.
justify: To prove; to ratify; to confirm.
justify: To show (a person) to have had a sufficient legal reason for an act that has been made the subject of a charge or accusation.
justify: To qualify (oneself) as a surety by taking oath to the ownership of sufficient property.
manacle: To confine with manacles.
Frisbee: To throw something in the manner of a Frisbee.
Marmite: To apply Marmite to.
english: Alternative form of English.
hackney: To make uninteresting or trite by frequent use.
hackney: To use as a hackney.
hackney: To carry in a hackney coach.
pretend: To claim, to allege, especially when falsely or as a form of deliberate deception.
pretend: To feign, affect (a state, quality, etc.).
pretend: To lay claim to (an ability, status, advantage, etc.). (originally used without to)
pretend: To make oneself appear to do or be doing something; to engage in make-believe.
pretend: To hold before, or put forward, as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden.
pretend: To intend; to design, to plot; to attempt.
pretend: To hold before one; to extend.
conduce: To cause (something) to occur; to bring about.
conduce: To contribute (something).
conduce: To conduct or lead (someone or something).
conduce: To advantage or benefit (someone or something).
conduce: To carry on or continue (an activity).
conduce: To contribute or lead to a specific result.
conduce: To be advantageous to; to advantage, to benefit.
braille: To write in, or convert into, the braille writing system.
braille: to identify something by touch.
crybaby: to act like a crybaby.
pillion: To ride on a pillion.
pillion: To put a pillion on a horse.
afflict: To cause (someone) pain, suffering or distress.
afflict: To strike or cast down; to overthrow.
afflict: To make low or humble.
racquet: To hit with a racquet.
racquet: To play a game that involves using a racquet.
racquet: To dart about in a manner reminiscent of a ball hit by a racquet.
racquet: To exchange back and forth, similar to the way a tennis ball volleys back and forth.
cathect: To focus one's emotional energies on someone or something.
brigade: To form or unite into a brigade; to group together.
brigade: To harass an individual or community online in a coordinated manner.
sardine: to fish for sardines
sardine: to pack or cram together tightly.
capsule: To form (medicine, etc.) into capsules.
capsule: To encapsulate or summarize.
suck up: To absorb (fluid).
suck up: To adulate or flatter (someone) excessively, generally to obtain some personal benefit or favour.
suck up: To fellate (someone).
flemish: Often followed by down: to arrange (a rope) into a neat, flat spiral coil.
withers: third-person singular simple present indicative of wither
take on: To acquire, bring in, or introduce.
take on: To acquire, bring in, or introduce.
take on: To obtain the services of (a person) in exchange for remuneration; to give someone a job.
take on: To begin to have or exhibit.
take on: To assume or take responsibility for.
take on: To attempt to fight, compete with, or engage with.
take on: To (attempt to) dribble round (an opposition player).
take on: To catch on, do well; to become popular.
take on: To grieve or be concerned (about something or someone).
descend: To pass from a higher to a lower place; to move downwards; to come or go down in any way, for example by falling, flowing, walking, climbing etc.
descend: To enter mentally; to retire.
descend: To make an attack, or incursion, as if from a vantage ground; to come suddenly and with violence.
descend: To come down to a lower, less fortunate, humbler, less virtuous, or worse, state or rank; to lower or abase oneself
descend: To pass from the more general or important to the specific or less important matters to be considered.
descend: To come down, as from a source, original, or stock
descend: To be derived (from)
descend: To proceed by generation or by transmission; to happen by inheritance.
descend: To move toward the south, or to the southward.
descend: To fall in pitch; to pass from a higher to a lower tone.
descend: To go down upon or along; to pass from a higher to a lower part of
cupcake: To flirt; to talk or act amorously or intimately.
cupcake: To mash a cupcake at; to cover with cupcake.
cupcake: To handle easily and successfully.
cupcake: To cover or be abundant with cake-like decorations such as frills.
cupcake: To eat/feed cupcakes.
cupcake: To make cupcakes.
perk up: To become more upright
perk up: to become more lively or enthusiastic.
perk up: To cause to be more upright, straighten up
perk up: to cause to be more lively or enthusiastic.
perk up: To exalt oneself, take on a higher status or position.
flowing: present participle and gerund of flow
solicit: To persistently endeavor to obtain an object, or bring about an event.
solicit: To woo; to court.
solicit: To persuade or incite one to commit some act, especially illegal or sexual behavior.
solicit: To offer to perform sexual activity, especially when for a payment.
solicit: To make a petition.
solicit: To disturb or trouble; to harass.
solicit: To urge the claims of; to plead; to act as solicitor for or with reference to.
solicit: To disturb; to disquiet.
lay off: (of an employer) To dismiss (workers) from employment, e.g. at a time of low business volume or through no fault of the worker, often with a severance package.
lay off: To place all or part of a bet with another bookmaker in order to reduce risk.
lay off: To cease, quit, stop (doing something).
lay off: To stop bothering, teasing, or pestering someone; to leave (someone) alone.
lay off: In painting, to apply gentle strokes to smooth a wet coat of paint so as to remove visible roller- or brush-marks, commonly using a dry brush; a similar technique, but using a loaded laying-off brush, may produce a smooth coat of paint when using a roller or the usual brush techniques would leave marks.
lay off: To plan out (a navigational course) using a chart.
barring: present participle and gerund of bar
barring: present participle and gerund of barr
vitriol: To subject to bitter verbal abuse.
vitriol: To dip in dilute sulphuric acid; to pickle.
vitriol: To vitriolize.
follows: third-person singular simple present indicative of follow
flaming: present participle and gerund of flame
tip off: To alert or inform (someone), especially confidentially.
tip off: To put the ball in play by throwing it up between two opponents.
tip off: To put the ball in play by throwing it up between two opponents.
tip off: To begin.
tip off: To pour out (liquor); to tip the vessel and drink until it is empty.
tip off: To use a particular brush technique for producing a flawless surface on a wet coat of paint.
turmoil: To be disquieted or confused; to be in commotion.
turmoil: To harass with commotion; to disquiet; to worry.
bang up: To damage.
bang up: To put someone in prison, or into their individual cell.
consult: To seek the opinion or advice of another; to take counsel; to deliberate together; to confer.
consult: To advise or offer expertise.
consult: To work as a consultant or contractor rather than as a full-time employee of a firm.
consult: To ask advice of; to seek the opinion of (a person)
consult: To refer to (something) for information.
consult: To have reference to, in judging or acting; to have regard to; to consider; as, to consult one's wishes.
consult: To deliberate upon; to take for.
consult: To bring about by counsel or contrivance; to devise; to contrive.
padding: present participle and gerund of pad
pickaxe: To use a pickaxe.
cycling: present participle and gerund of cycle
strings: third-person singular simple present indicative of string
staples: third-person singular simple present indicative of staple
sulfate: To treat something with sulfuric acid, a sulfate, or with sulfur dioxide.
sulfate: To accumulate a deposit of lead sulfate.
refrain: To hold back, to restrain (someone or something).
refrain: To show restraint; to hold oneself back.
refrain: To repress (a desire, emotion etc.); to check or curb.
refrain: To stop oneself from some action or interference; to abstain.
refrain: To abstain from (food or drink).
diarize: To record (events) in a diary.
etching: present participle and gerund of etch
impasto: To paint in thick-bodied paint; to paint in impasto style.
footpad: To rob travellers on the road.
footpad: To sneak on foot.
swizzle: To stir or mix.
swizzle: To permute bits, or elements of a vector.
swizzle: To convert portable symbols or positions to memory-dependent pointers during deserialization.
swizzle: To change a class's dispatch table in order to resolve messages from an existing selector to a new implementation.
swizzle: To drink; to swill.
signify: To create a sign out of something.
signify: To give (something) a meaning or an importance.
signify: To show one’s intentions with a sign etc.; to indicate, announce.
signify: To mean; to betoken.
signify: To make a difference; to matter (in negative or interrogative expressions).
rupture: To burst, break through, or split, as under pressure.
rupture: To dehisce irregularly.
zombify: To turn into a zombie (a member of the living dead or undead).
zombify: To take control of (a computer) in order to use it covertly and illicitly.
zombify: To deprive of authenticity or vitality; to render someone brainless or unthinking.
gimmick: To rig or set up with a trick or device.
upheave: To heave or lift up; raise up or aloft.
upheave: To lift or thrust something upward forcefully, or be similarly lifted or thrust upward.
upheave: To be lifted up; rise.
uphoard: To hoard up.
upraise: To raise something up; to elevate.
upraise: To move something upright; to erect.
fuck up: To make a mistake, to go wrong.
fuck up: To botch or make a mess of.
fuck up: To injure or damage badly.
fuck up: To cause someone to make a big mistake.
fuck up: Ellipsis of shut the fuck up.
uppluck: To pluck up; pull up; deracinate.
burgeon: To grow or expand.
burgeon: To swell to the point of bursting.
burgeon: Of plants, to bloom, bud.
echelon: To form troops into an echelon.
utilise: To make use of; to use.
utilise: To make useful; to find a practical use for.
utilise: To make best use of; to use to its fullest extent, potential, or ability.
utilise: To make do with; to use in manner different from that originally intended
basting: present participle and gerund of baste
uptrend: To undergo an upward trend.
upsurge: to surge up, or to become stronger or greater
upsweep: To sweep or curve upwards.
convene: To come together; to meet; to unite.
convene: To come together, as in one body or for a public purpose; to meet; to assemble.
convene: To cause to assemble; to call together; to convoke.
convene: To summon judicially to meet or appear.
convene: To make a convention; to declare a rule by convention.
upswing: To swing upward.
latched: simple past and past participle of latch
scomber: Alternative form of scumber
upstart: to rise suddenly, to spring
potshot: To fire potshots.
tacking: present participle and gerund of tack
greeble: To add greebles to a surface.
blunder: To make a clumsy or stupid mistake.
blunder: To move blindly or clumsily.
blunder: To cause to make a mistake.
blunder: To do or treat in a blundering manner; to confuse.
ensnare: To entrap; to catch in a snare or trap.
ensnare: To entangle; to enmesh.
marches: third-person singular simple present indicative of march
cop out: To avoid or shirk, either by failing to perform, or by performing in a grossly insufficient, negligent, or superficial manner.
cop out: To plead guilty and ask for mercy.
pushing: present participle and gerund of push
shining: present participle and gerund of shine
windows: third-person singular simple present indicative of window
hacking: present participle and gerund of hack
jumping: present participle and gerund of jump
oranges: third-person singular simple present indicative of orange
used to: Formerly and habitually or repeatedly, but possibly no longer, did.
pan out: To separate and recover (valuable minerals) by swirling dirt or crushed rock in a pan of water, in the manner of a traditional prospector seeking gold.
pan out: To proceed according to plan; to result or end up.
lamping: present participle and gerund of lamp
detract: To take away; to withdraw or remove.
detract: To take credit or reputation from; to defame or decry.
aggrade: to raise the level of a river bed by the deposition of sediment
replied: simple past and past participle of reply
laughed: simple past and past participle of laugh
fellows: third-person singular simple present indicative of fellow
escheat: To put (land, property) in escheat; to confiscate.
escheat: To revert to a state or lord because its previous owner died without an heir.
getting: present participle and gerund of get
tallyho: To articulate the interjection.
looking: present participle and gerund of look
looking: as the last part of compound adjectives: relating to or having the appearance of.
tatting: present participle and gerund of tat
becomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of become
watched: simple past and past participle of watch
smoking: present participle and gerund of smoke
fingers: third-person singular simple present indicative of finger
touched: simple past and past participle of touch
discern: To detect with the senses, especially with the eyes.
discern: To perceive, recognize, or comprehend with the mind; to descry.
discern: To distinguish something as being different from something else; to differentiate or discriminate.
discern: To perceive differences.
stepped: simple past and past participle of step
hurried: simple past and past participle of hurry
assured: simple past and past participle of assure
derrick: To hoist with, or as if with, a derrick.
derrick: To remove (a pitcher).
formats: third-person singular simple present indicative of format
farther: Alternative form of further.
curette: To scrape with a curette.
dressed: simple past and past participle of dress
exclaim: To cry out suddenly, from some strong emotion.
exclaim: To say suddenly and with strong emotion.
revolve: To bring back into a particular place or condition; to restore.
revolve: To cause (something) to turn around a central point.
revolve: To orbit a central point (especially of a celestial body).
revolve: To rotate around an axis.
revolve: To move in order or sequence.
revolve: To ponder on; to reflect repeatedly upon; to consider all aspects of.
revolve: To read through, to study (a book, author etc.).
ponders: third-person singular simple present indicative of ponder
glanced: simple past and past participle of glance
secured: simple past and past participle of secure
wonders: third-person singular simple present indicative of wonder
glances: third-person singular simple present indicative of glance
taxicab: To travel by taxicab.
tea bag: Alternative spelling of teabag
harelip: To curse (as if by causing a harelip),
teargas: Alternative spelling of tear gas
deflect: To make (something) deviate from its original path.
deflect: To touch the ball, often unwittingly, after a shot or a sharp pass, thereby making it unpredictable for the other players.
deflect: To deviate from its original path.
deflect: To avoid addressing (questions, criticism, etc.).
deflect: To divert (attention, etc.).
inquire: To ask (about something).
inquire: To make an inquiry or an investigation.
inquire: To call; to name.
enliven: To give life or spirit to; to revive or animate.
enliven: To make more lively, cheerful or interesting.
tending: present participle and gerund of tend
tenfold: To increase to ten times as much; to multiply by ten.
copilot: To serve as relief or assistant pilot.
precept: To act as a preceptor; to teach a physician-in-training by supervising their clinical practice.
precept: To teach (something) by precepts.
grenade: To use grenade(s) upon.
acquiet: To quiet.
imprest: simple past and past participle of impress
imprest: To advance funds on loan.
storing: present participle and gerund of store
actuate: To activate, or to put into motion; to animate.
actuate: To incite to action; to motivate.
uttered: simple past and past participle of utter
shouted: simple past and past participle of shout
resumed: simple past and past participle of resume
marched: simple past and past participle of march
enabled: simple past and past participle of enable
dragged: simple past and past participle of drag
renewed: simple past and past participle of renew
induced: simple past and past participle of induce
cleared: simple past and past participle of clear
stirred: simple past and past participle of stir
mingled: simple past and past participle of mingle
climbed: simple past and past participle of climb
slipped: simple past and past participle of slip
counted: simple past and past participle of count
flashed: simple past and past participle of flash
knocked: simple past and past participle of knock
yielded: simple past and past participle of yield
pursued: simple past and past participle of pursue
trusted: simple past and past participle of trust
planted: simple past and past participle of plant
bitumen: To cover or fill with bitumen.
erected: simple past and past participle of erect
remarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of remark
filters: third-person singular simple present indicative of filter
fancied: simple past and past participle of fancy
shadows: third-person singular simple present indicative of shadow
profits: third-person singular simple present indicative of profit
buoy up: To uplift, hearten, inspire, or raise the spirits of.
buoy up: To keep afloat; to provide with buoyancy.
rectify: To heal (an organ or part of the body).
rectify: To restore (someone or something) to its proper condition; to straighten out, to set right.
rectify: To remedy or fix (an undesirable state of affairs, situation etc.).
rectify: To purify or refine (a substance) by distillation.
rectify: To correct or amend (a mistake, defect etc.).
rectify: To correct (someone who is mistaken).
rectify: To adjust (a globe or sundial) to prepare for the solution of a proposed problem.
rectify: To convert (alternating current) into direct current.
rectify: To determine the length of a curve included between two limits.
rectify: To produce (as factitious gin or brandy) by redistilling bad wines or strong spirits (whisky, rum, etc.) with flavourings.
ashamed: simple past and past participle of ashame
trooper: To work as a trooper.
trooper: To work steadily at an unpleasant job without complaint.
eke out: To supplement.
eke out: To obtain with difficulty or effort.
environ: To encircle or surround (someone or something).
environ: To encircle or surround (someone or something) so as to attack from all sides; to beset.
environ: To encircle or surround (someone or something).
environ: To encircle or surround (a heraldic element such as a charge or escutcheon (shield)).
environ: To encircle or surround (someone or something).
environ: To cover, enclose, or envelop (someone or something).
environ: Followed by from: to hide or shield (someone or something).
environ: Of a person: to be positioned or stationed around (someone or something) to attend to or protect them.
environ: Of a situation or state of affairs, especially danger or trouble: to happen to and affect (someone or something).
environ: To amount to or encompass (a space).
environ: To travel completely around (a place or thing); to circumnavigate.
besmear: To smear over; smear all over; sully.
fribble: To waste or fritter.
fribble: To behave in a frivolous way.
fribble: To totter.
crowded: simple past and past participle of crowd
embrown: To make (something) brown; to brown.
embrown: To make (something) dark or dusky (“having a rather dark shade of colour”); to brown, to darken.
embrown: To become or make brown; to brown.
embrown: To become or make dark or dusky; to brown, to darken.
tarried: simple past and past participle of tarry
gumshoe: To act as a detective.
shaking: present participle and gerund of shake
crop up: To occur, especially suddenly or unexpectedly.
shaving: present participle and gerund of shave
engrave: To carve text or symbols into (something), usually for the purposes of identification or art.
engrave: To carve (something) into a material.
engrave: To put in a grave, to bury.
skittle: To play skittles.
skittle: (with down) To squander one's money.
skittle: (sometimes with out) To rapidly bowl out a succession of batsmen.
skittle: (sometimes with out) To rapidly bowl out a succession of batsmen.
skittle: To defeat easily.
skittle: To knock down (skittles).
panoply: To fit out in a suit of armour
panoply: To array or bedeck
belated: simple past and past participle of belate
arraign: To officially charge someone in a court of law.
arraign: To call to account, or accuse, before the bar of reason, taste, or any other tribunal.
croquet: To play a shot in the game of croquet in which the striker's ball and another ball are moved by hitting the striker's ball when they have been placed in contact following a roquet.
desport: To disport.
desport: To amuse oneself; to make a public display of oneself.
backhoe: To excavate using such equipment.
footing: present participle and gerund of foot
enclave: To enclose within a foreign territory.
wind up: To wind (rope, string, mainsprings, etc.) completely.
wind up: To put (a clock, watch, etc.) in a state of renewed or continued motion by winding the spring or other energy-storage mechanism.
wind up: To tighten (someone or something) by winding or twisting.
wind up: To excite.
wind up: To upset; to anger or distress.
wind up: To roll up (a car window or well bucket, etc., by cranking).
wind up: To end up; to arrive or result.
wind up: To increase (in some aspect).
wind up: To conclude, complete, or finish (something).
wind up: To dissolve (a partnership or corporation) and liquidate its assets.
wind up: To play a prank (on); to take the mickey (out of) or mock.
wind up: To make the preparatory movements for a certain kind of pitch.
priests: third-person singular simple present indicative of priest
leaning: present participle and gerund of lean
petrify: To turn to stone: to harden organic matter by permeating with water and depositing dissolved minerals.
petrify: To produce rigidity akin to stone.
petrify: To immobilize with fright.
petrify: To become stone, or of a stony hardness, as organic matter by calcareous deposits.
petrify: To become stony, callous, or obdurate.
petrify: To make callous or obdurate; to stupefy; to paralyze; to transform; as by petrification.
enqueue: To add an item to a queue. [from c.]
enqueue: To add an item to a queue.
testify: To make a declaration, or give evidence, under oath.
testify: To make a statement based on personal knowledge or faith.
webbing: present participle and gerund of web
snaffle: To put a snaffle on, or control with a snaffle.
snaffle: To clutch by the bridle.
snaffle: To grab or seize; to snap up.
snaffle: To purloin, or obtain by devious means.
welfare: To provide with welfare or aid.
envelop: To surround or enclose.
no ball: To bowl a no ball.
no ball: To call and signal a no ball.
chelate: to form a chelate compound by combining a metal atom to form a ring
chelate: to remove heavy metals from the bloodstream using a chelate (such as EDTA)
dibbing: present participle and gerund of dib
abasing: present participle and gerund of abase
terrace: To provide something with a terrace.
terrace: To form something into a terrace.
abhored: Misspelling of abhorred.
ablated: simple past and past participle of ablate
play on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see play, on.
play on: To exploit by exacerbating.
play on: to hit the ball into his own wicket, thus being out bowled
play on: to let the game continue after a foul has been committed, because the situation is advantageous to the team who would be awarded a foul.
ablates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ablate
abjured: simple past and past participle of abjure
zooming: present participle and gerund of zoom
play in: Of a batsman, to settle and become comfortable with the conditions at the beginning of his innings.
play in: To pass (someone) the ball into an attacking position.
trifled: simple past and past participle of trifle
blister: To raise blisters on.
blister: To sear after blaching.
blister: To have a blister form.
blister: To criticise severely.
blister: To break out in blisters.
trifles: third-person singular simple present indicative of trifle
abjures: third-person singular simple present indicative of abjure
crosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cross
zonking: present participle and gerund of zonk
run off: To flee or depart quickly.
run off: To make photocopies, or print.
run off: To write something quickly.
run off: To pour or spill off or over.
run off: To cause to flow away.
run off: To chase someone away.
run off: To operate by a particular energy or fuel source.
run off: To have diarrhea.
googles: third-person singular simple present indicative of google
scorned: simple past and past participle of scorn
zinging: present participle and gerund of zing
rescued: simple past and past participle of rescue
scraped: simple past and past participle of scrape
joyride: To take a joyride.
birthed: simple past and past participle of birth
berthed: simple past and past participle of berth
jaywalk: To behave as a jaywalker; to violate pedestrian traffic regulations by crossing a street away from a designated crossing or to walk in the part of the street intended for vehicles rather than on the sidewalk.
scarred: simple past and past participle of scar
shrivel: To collapse inward; to crumble.
shrivel: To become wrinkled.
shrivel: To draw into wrinkles.
totaled: simple past and past participle of total (US spelling)
filling: present participle and gerund of fill
blitzed: simple past and past participle of blitz
sozzled: simple past and past participle of sozzle
hosting: present participle and gerund of host
fly out: To travel by airplane to a destination.
fly out: To have someone travel rapidly to a destination on an airplane.
fly out: To rapidly emerge
fly out: To become out by hitting a fly ball which is caught/
fly out: To fly into a rage; to become very angry.
bolting: present participle and gerund of bolt
imbrute: To make brutal
imbrute: To degrade to the state of a brute
crocked: simple past and past participle of crock
implode: To collapse or burst inward violently.
implode: To cause to collapse or burst inward violently.
implode: The opposite of explode, array to string conversion.
implode: To compress (data) with a particular algorithm.
bottles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bottle
gouging: present participle and gerund of gouge
cliches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cliche
run out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see run, out.
run out: To use up; to consume all of something. See also run low, run short.
run out: To expire; to come to an end; to be completely used up or consumed.
run out: To get a batsman out via a run out (see runout)
run out: to be got out in this way.
run out: To extend a piece of material, or clothing.
run out: To conclude in, to end up
run out: To force (someone or something) out of a location or state of being.
locusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of locust
trashed: simple past and past participle of trash
debates: third-person singular simple present indicative of debate
fittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fit
ignored: simple past and past participle of ignore
omitted: simple past and past participle of omit
begging: present participle and gerund of beg
lambast: Alternative form of lambaste
penance: To impose penance; to punish.
trammel: To entangle, as in a net.
trammel: To confine; to hamper; to shackle.
doubled: simple past and past participle of double
tweedle: To handle lightly; said with reference to awkward playing on a fiddle.
tweedle: To influence as if by fiddling; to coax; to allure.
tweedle: To twiddle.
tweedle: To sell fake jewellery as genuine.
tweedle: To make a shrill or trilling sound
tweedle: To say in a high-pitched voice.
tweedle: To trifle or play.
tweedle: To go; to proceed without much enthusiasm.
tweedle: To move or speak in unison (like Tweedledum and Tweedledee)
lounged: simple past and past participle of lounge
rootkit: To infect (a computer system) with a rootkit.
quiesce: To become quiet or quieter.
quiesce: To make temporarily inactive or disabled.
quiesce: To pause or reduce the activity of (a device or application), for example to prepare it for backups or other maintenance.
cave in: To collapse inward or downward.
cave in: To relent; to grant approval against one's initial will.
weaning: present participle and gerund of wean
trellis: To train or arrange (plants) so that they grow against a trellis.
bespeak: To speak about; tell of; relate; discuss.
bespeak: To speak for beforehand; engage in advance; make arrangements for; order or reserve in advance.
bespeak: To stipulate, solicit, ask for, or request, as in a favour.
bespeak: To forbode; foretell.
bespeak: To speak to; address.
bespeak: To betoken; show; indicate; foretell; suggest; allude to.
bespeak: To speak up or out; exclaim; speak.
rounded: simple past and past participle of round
fortify: To give power, strength, or vigour to (oneself or someone, or to something); to strengthen.
fortify: To support (one's or someone's opinion, statement, etc.) by producing evidence, etc.; to confirm, to corroborate.
fortify: To increase the nutritional value of (food) by adding ingredients, especially minerals or vitamins.
fortify: To impart fortitude or moral strength to (someone or their determination, or something); to encourage.
fortify: To make (something) defensible against attack by hostile forces.
fortify: To make (something) structurally strong; to strengthen.
fortify: To increase the defences of (an army, soldiers, etc.), or put (it or them) in a defensive position.
fortify: To secure and strengthen (a place, its walls, etc.) by installing fortifications or other military works.
fortify: To provide (a city, a fortress, an army, etc.) with equipment or soldiers.
fortify: To add spirits to (wine) to increase the alcohol content.
fortify: To install fortifications or other military works; also (sometimes figurative), to put up a defensive position.
fortify: To become strong; to strengthen.
lumbago: To affect (someone) with lumbago.
clinker: To convert or be converted into clinker.
poached: simple past and past participle of poach
puzzled: simple past and past participle of puzzle
ramraid: To break into premises, for the purpose of robbery, by ramming a heavy vehicle through a door, window or wall.
reskill: To retrain workers in the skills needed by modern business, especially after redundancy.
reskill: To learn additional skills.
revisit: To visit again.
revisit: To reconsider or re-experience something.
condone: To forgive, excuse or overlook (something that is considered morally wrong, offensive, or generally disliked).
condone: To allow, accept or permit (something that is considered morally wrong, offensive, or generally disliked).
condone: To forgive (marital infidelity or other marital offense).
warring: present participle and gerund of war
plateau: (of a varying quantity) To reach a stable level after a period of increase; to level off.
leagues: third-person singular simple present indicative of league
desires: third-person singular simple present indicative of desire
plunged: simple past and past participle of plunge
lessons: third-person singular simple present indicative of lesson
streams: third-person singular simple present indicative of stream
clasped: simple past and past participle of clasp
dangers: third-person singular simple present indicative of danger
staring: present participle and gerund of stare
letting: present participle and gerund of let
flushed: simple past and past participle of flush
chances: third-person singular simple present indicative of chance
weeping: present participle and gerund of weep
damages: third-person singular simple present indicative of damage
seeming: present participle and gerund of seem
rushing: present participle and gerund of rush
asperse: To sprinkle or scatter (liquid or dust).
asperse: To falsely or maliciously charge another; to slander.
parting: present participle and gerund of part
rickets: third-person singular simple present indicative of ricket
brocade: To decorate fabric with raised woven patterns.
parsley: To add parsley to.
possing: present participle and gerund of poss
refract: To change direction as a result of entering a different medium
refract: To cause (light) to change direction as a result of entering a different medium.
bullets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bullet
elapsed: simple past and past participle of elapse
steamer: To travel by steamer.
sleeper: To mark a calf by cutting its ear.
profuse: To pour out; to give or spend liberally; to lavish; to squander.
chanced: simple past and past participle of chance
splurge: To (cause to) gush; to flow or move in a rush.
splurge: To spend lavishly or extravagantly, especially money.
splurge: To produce an extravagant or ostentatious display.
decieve: Misspelling of deceive.
collate: To examine diverse documents and so on, to discover similarities and differences.
collate: To assemble something in a logical sequence.
collate: To sort multiple copies of printed documents into sequences of individual page order, one sequence for each copy, especially before binding.
collate: To bestow or confer.
collate: To admit a cleric to a benefice; to present and institute in a benefice, when the person presenting is both the patron and the ordinary; followed by to.
madding: present participle and gerund of mad
corners: third-person singular simple present indicative of corner
elevate: To raise (something) to a higher position.
elevate: To promote (someone) to a higher rank.
elevate: To confer honor or nobility on (someone).
elevate: To make (something or someone) more worthy or of greater value.
elevate: To direct (the mind, thoughts, etc.) toward more worthy things.
elevate: To increase the intensity or degree of (something).
elevate: To increase the intensity or degree of (something).
elevate: To increase the loudness of (a sound, especially one's voice).
elevate: To lift the spirits of (someone)
elevate: To intoxicate in a slight degree; to make (someone) tipsy.
elevate: To attempt to make (something) seem less important, remarkable, etc.
genders: third-person singular simple present indicative of gender
hostess: To host, as a woman.
sublime: Synonym of sublimate
sublime: To heat (a substance) in a container so as to convert it into a gas which then condenses in solid form on cooler parts of the container; (generally) to change (a solid substance) into a gas without breaking down or passing through the liquid state by heating it gently.
sublime: Synonym of sublimate
sublime: To obtain or purify (a substance) in this manner.
sublime: To raise (someone or an intangible thing) to a state of (especially moral or spiritual) excellence; to exalt.
sublime: To cause (someone or something) to ascend; to raise (someone or something) to a high position.
sublime: To cause (juice or sap) to rise in a plant.
sublime: Especially of the sun: to heat (something) and cause vapours, etc., to rise from it.
sublime: To purify (someone) from a bad influence or from sin.
sublime: To raise (someone) to a high office or status; to dignify, to exalt.
sublime: To raise (a physical thing) to a state of excellence; to improve.
sublime: Synonym of sublimate
sublime: Of a substance: to change from a solid into a gas without passing through the liquid state, with or without being heated.
sublime: Synonym of sublimate
sublime: Of a substance: to change from a gas into a solid without passing through the liquid state.
sublime: To become higher in quality or status; to improve.
machete: To cut or chop with a machete.
machete: To hack or chop crudely with a blade other than a machete.
rule in: To consider (something) as a possible option among others.
growled: simple past and past participle of growl
line up: To put in alignment; to put in correct adjustment for smooth running.
line up: To put things in a line.
line up: To get into a line.
line up: To start a game in a certain position on the playing field.
line up: To make arrangements for an event.
line up: To support a group or movement.
line up: To agree or correspond.
intrust: Alternative form of entrust
mapping: present participle and gerund of map
bastion: To furnish with a bastion.
entrust: To trust to the care of.
praised: simple past and past participle of praise
consign: To transfer to the custody of, usually for sale, transport, or safekeeping.
consign: To entrust to the care of another.
consign: To send to a final destination.
consign: To assign; to devote; to set apart.
consign: To stamp or impress; to affect.
bearhug: To embrace in a bear hug.
satiate: To fill to satisfaction; to satisfy.
satiate: To satisfy to excess. To fill to satiety.
fraught: To load (a ship, cargo etc.).
fraught: To form the cargo of a vessel.
crowned: simple past and past participle of crown
propend: To incline or lean.
propend: To be inclined; to have a propensity to.
indicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of indict
rutting: present participle and gerund of rut
cleaved: simple past and past participle of cleave
dunking: present participle and gerund of dunk
endured: simple past and past participle of endure
behaved: simple past and past participle of behave
grating: present participle and gerund of grate
pierced: simple past and past participle of pierce
harumph: To dislike, protest, or dismiss.
scruple: To hesitate or be reluctant to act due to considerations of conscience or expedience.
scruple: To excite scruples in; to cause to scruple.
scruple: To regard with suspicion; to question.
scruple: To question the truth of (a fact, etc.); to doubt; to hesitate to believe, to question.
pollack: Alternative spelling of pollock
revived: simple past and past participle of revive
grieved: simple past and past participle of grieve
cadence: To give a cadence to.
cadence: To give structure to.
kindled: simple past and past participle of kindle
cracked: simple past and past participle of crack
visions: third-person singular simple present indicative of vision
subdued: simple past and past participle of subdue
plowing: riding with neither foot leading, with the stick perpendicular to the fall line; not goofy nor regular.
plowing: ploughing
fancies: third-person singular simple present indicative of fancy
bubbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bubble
palaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of palace
guessed: simple past and past participle of guess
thanked: simple past and past participle of thank
seizing: present participle and gerund of seize
doubted: simple past and past participle of doubt
naughty: To perform sexual acts upon.
saluted: simple past and past participle of salute
tempted: simple past and past participle of tempt
earthed: simple past and past participle of earth
greeted: simple past and past participle of greet
tribute: To pay as tribute.
noodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of noodle
pollock: To fish for pollock.
pollock: To splatter, as with paint.
max out: To reach the limit of one's capabilities.
max out: To reach a maximum or a point at which no more growth or improvement is possible.
max out: To use (something) to the limit of its capabilities
scrooch: To crouch, or hunker down.
stained: simple past and past participle of stain
secrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of secret
crushed: simple past and past participle of crush
savages: third-person singular simple present indicative of savage
temples: third-person singular simple present indicative of temple
clothed: simple past and past participle of clothe
mothers: third-person singular simple present indicative of mother
carving: present participle and gerund of carve
carving: Executing turns without pivoting.
retorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of retort
ask for: To request.
ask for: To increase the likelihood of something by persisting in some action; to invite.
pockets: third-person singular simple present indicative of pocket
defends: third-person singular simple present indicative of defend
pirates: third-person singular simple present indicative of pirate
crevice: To crack; to flaw.
sinking: present participle and gerund of sink
exalted: simple past and past participle of exalt
withing: present participle and gerund of withe
rubbing: present participle and gerund of rub
scepter: American spelling form of sceptre
muscles: third-person singular simple present indicative of muscle
spittle: To dig or stir with a small spade.
bonding: present participle and gerund of bond
muscled: simple past and past participle of muscle
bending: present participle and gerund of bend
corking: present participle and gerund of cork
bottled: simple past and past participle of bottle
welling: present participle and gerund of well
screeve: To write.
screeve: To draw with chalks on a pavement or sidewalk.
screeve: To write begging letters.
redound: To swell up (of water, waves etc.); to overflow, to surge (of bodily fluids).
redound: To contribute to an advantage or disadvantage for someone or something.
redound: To contribute to the honour, shame etc. of a person or organisation.
redound: To reverberate, to echo.
redound: To reflect (honour, shame etc.) to or onto someone.
redound: To attach, come back, accrue to someone; to reflect back on or upon someone (of honour, shame etc.).
redound: To arise from or out of something.
redound: To roll back; to be sent or driven back.
leaking: present participle and gerund of leak
lowered: simple past and past participle of lower
grasped: simple past and past participle of grasp
snapped: simple past and past participle of snap
pledged: simple past and past participle of pledge
blushed: simple past and past participle of blush
thieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of thieve
awaited: simple past and past participle of await
judging: present participle and gerund of judge
judging: present participle and gerund of judg
cascade: To fall as a waterfall or series of small waterfalls.
cascade: To arrange in a stepped series like a waterfall.
cascade: To occur as a causal sequence.
cascade: To vomit.
weighed: simple past and past participle of weigh
jogging: present participle and gerund of jog
candles: third-person singular simple present indicative of candle
schemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scheme
sorrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of sorrow
dresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of dress
staying: present participle and gerund of stay
backing: present participle and gerund of back
perturb: To disturb; to bother or unsettle.
perturb: To slightly modify the motion of an object.
perturb: To modify the motion of a body by exerting a gravitational force.
perturb: To modify slightly, such as an equation or value.
clam up: To become silent; to stop talking, to shut up.
clam up: To make or become clammy.
mystify: To thoroughly confuse, befuddle, or bewilder.
sealing: present participle and gerund of seal
sealing: present participle and gerund of seal
guarded: simple past and past participle of guard
sceptre: To give a sceptre to.
sceptre: To invest with royal power.
catfish: To fish for catfish.
catfish: To create and operate a fake online profile to deceive (someone).
hurries: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurry
floated: simple past and past participle of float
casting: present participle and gerund of cast
cropped: simple past and past participle of crop
conjure: To perform magic tricks.
conjure: To summon (a devil, etc.) using supernatural power.
conjure: To practice black magic.
conjure: To enchant or bewitch.
conjure: To evoke.
conjure: To imagine or picture in the mind.
conjure: To make an urgent request to; to appeal to or beseech.
conjure: To conspire or plot.
pouring: present participle and gerund of pour
tongues: third-person singular simple present indicative of tongue
shocked: simple past and past participle of shock
doctors: third-person singular simple present indicative of doctor
bidding: present participle and gerund of bid
lowball: To give an intentionally low estimate of anything, not necessarily with deceptive intent.
lowball: To give (a customer) a deceptively low price or cost estimate that one has no intention of honoring or to prepare a cost estimate deliberately and misleadingly low.
lowball: To make an offer well below an item's true value, often to take advantage of the seller's desperation or desire to sell the item quickly.
dawning: present participle and gerund of dawn
pronate: To turn or rotate one’s hand and forearm so that the palm faces down if the forearm is horizontal, back if the arm is pointing down, or forward if the forearm is pointing up; to twist the right forearm counterclockwise or the left forearm clockwise.
pronate: To twist the foot so that if walking the weight would be borne on the inner edge of the foot.
pronate: To become pronated.
spotted: simple past and past participle of spot
sunfish: Of an animal such as a bull or a horse: to twist the body into a crescent shape and roll back and forth.
placard: To affix a placard to.
placard: To announce with placards.
fritter: To squander or waste time, money, or other resources; e.g. occupy oneself idly or without clear purpose, to tinker with an unimportant part of a project, to dally, sometimes as a form of procrastination.
fritter: To sinter.
fritter: To cut (meat etc.) into small pieces for frying.
fritter: To break into small pieces or fragments.
miswant: To want (something) even though it will probably lead to one's own harm or unhappiness (e.g. an addictive drug).
bedevil: To harass or cause trouble for; to plague.
bedevil: To perplex or bewilder.
bedevil: To possess (someone's mind).
lipsync: Alternative spelling of lip-sync
praught: simple past and past participle of preach
bandage: To apply a bandage to something.
airlift: To transport (troops etc) in an airlift.
egosurf: To search the Internet for references to one's name or works in order to gratify one's ego.
drop by: To visit informally and spontaneously.
chariot: To convey by, or as if by, chariot.
chariot: To ride in a chariot.
stipend: To provide (someone) with a stipend (an allowance, a pension, a salary, etc.). [from c.]
stipend: To provide (someone) with a stipend (an allowance, a pension, a salary, etc.).
drydock: To place (a ship) in a drydock.
hopping: present participle and gerund of hop
stubble: To produce a crop in a field of stubble that remains after a preceding crop is removed, either by sowing a second crop or by allowing shoots to sprout from the roots of the stubble.
earplug: To fit with earplugs.
airdrop: To delivery goods, equipment, or personnel by dropping them from an aircraft in flight.
reigned: simple past and past participle of reign
screech: To make such a sound.
screech: To travel very fast, as if making the sounds of brakes being released.
stooped: simple past and past participle of stoop
brooded: simple past and past participle of brood
burnish: To make (something, such as a surface) bright, shiny, and smooth by, or (by extension) as if by, rubbing; to polish, to shine.
burnish: Of a stag: to remove the velvet (“skin and fine fur”) from (its antlers) by rubbing them against something; to velvet.
burnish: To make (someone or something) appear positive and highly respected.
burnish: To become bright, glossy, and smooth; to brighten, to gleam, to shine forth.
burnish: Of a person's body: to grow large or stout; to fatten, to fill out.
burnish: Of a thing: to increase in size; to expand, to spread out, to swell.
tumbled: simple past and past participle of tumble
expends: third-person singular simple present indicative of expend
devised: simple past and past participle of devise
excused: simple past and past participle of excuse
replies: third-person singular simple present indicative of reply
proving: present participle and gerund of prove
bazooka: To shoot with a bazooka.
roadmap: To construct a plan of action regarding (something).
marbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of marble
outpace: To go faster than; to exceed the pace of.
invoice: To bill; to issue an invoice to.
invoice: To make an invoice for (goods or services).
encoded: simple past and past participle of encode
lighten: To make brighter or clearer; to illuminate.
lighten: To become brighter or clearer; to brighten.
lighten: To flash lightning, to give off lightning.
lighten: To emit or disclose in, or as if in, lightning; to flash out, like lightning.
lighten: To illuminate with knowledge; to enlighten.
lighten: To alleviate; to reduce the burden of.
lighten: To make light or lighter in weight.
lighten: To make less serious or more cheerful.
lighten: To become light or lighter in weight.
lighten: To become less serious or more cheerful.
lighten: To descend; to light.
encodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of encode
tune in: To select a channel, station, etc., as on television or radio.
tune in: To pay attention.
step up: To increase, augment, or advance, especially by one or more steps.
step up: To assume or take responsibility.
boo-boo: To make a mistake.
boo-boo: To defecate.
pass on: To go forward.
pass on: To convey or communicate.
pass on: To transfer (something) to someone, especially by handing or bequeathing it to the next person in a series.
pass on: To skip or decline.
pass on: To die.
maunder: To speak in a disorganized or desultory manner; to babble or prattle.
maunder: To wander or walk aimlessly.
maunder: To beg; to whine like a beggar.
puzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of puzzle
sobbing: present participle and gerund of sob
crochet: To make (a piece of) needlework using a hooked needle; to make interlocking loops of thread.
clapped: simple past and past participle of clap
canning: present participle and gerund of can (“to be able to”)
canning: present participle and gerund of can (“to seal in a can”)
boasted: simple past and past participle of boast
beached: simple past and past participle of beach
craters: third-person singular simple present indicative of crater
muffled: simple past and past participle of muffle
saddled: simple past and past participle of saddle
nodding: present participle and gerund of nod
finesse: To evade (a problem, situation, etc.) by using some clever argument or stratagem.
finesse: To handle or manage carefully or skilfully; to manipulate in a crafty way.
finesse: To evade (a problem, situation, etc.) by using some clever argument or stratagem.
finesse: To obtain something from someone through trickery or manipulation.
finesse: To evade (a problem, situation, etc.) by using some clever argument or stratagem.
finesse: To attempt to win a trick by finessing.
finesse: To play (a card) as a finesse.
finesse: To play a ball out of the way of an opponent.
discant: Alternative form of descant
glassed: simple past and past participle of glass
bonfire: To destroy (something) by, or as if by, burning on a bonfire; (more generally) to burn or set alight.
bonfire: To fire (pottery) using a bonfire.
bonfire: To start a bonfire in (a place); to light up (a place) with a bonfire.
bonfire: To make, or celebrate around, a bonfire.
stilled: simple past and past participle of still
preempt: To appropriate first.
preempt: To displace or take the place of (by having higher precedence, etc).
preempt: To prevent or beat to the punch, to forestall an expected occurrence by acting first.
preempt: To secure (land, etc.) by the right of preemption (purchasing before others, e.g. land because one already occupies it).
preempt: To make a preemptive bid at bridge.
magnify: To praise, glorify (someone or something, especially God).
magnify: To make (something) larger or more important.
magnify: To make (someone or something) appear greater or more important than it is; to intensify, exaggerate.
magnify: To make (something) appear larger by means of a lens, magnifying glass, telescope etc.
magnify: To have effect; to be of importance or significance.
gitting: present participle and gerund of git
quested: simple past and past participle of quest
farrier: To practise as a farrier; to carry on the trade of a farrier.
gudgeon: To deprive (someone) fraudulently; to cheat, to dupe.
gudgeon: To take the bait; to be defrauded or duped.
wee-wee: to urinate
beguile: To deceive or delude (using guile).
beguile: To charm, delight or captivate.
beguile: To cause (time) to seem to pass quickly, by way of pleasant diversion.
soothed: simple past and past participle of soothe
soothed: simple past and past participle of sooth
Sundays: third-person singular simple present indicative of Sunday
dismast: To break off the mast (of a ship), especially by gunfire.
pilgrim: To journey; to wander; to ramble.
paddock: To place or keep (cattle, horses, sheep, or other animals) within a paddock (noun sense 1 or 2.4); hence, to provide (such animals) with pasture.
paddock: To enclose or fence in (land) to form a paddock.
paddock: To excavate washdirt (“earth rich enough in metal to pay for washing”) from (a superficial deposit).
paddock: To store (ore, washdirt, etc.) in a paddock (noun sense 2.5).
hinting: present participle and gerund of hint
cut off: To remove via cutting.
cut off: To isolate or remove from contact.
cut off: To stop the provision or supply of something, e.g. power, water.
cut off: To stop providing funds or something else to (someone).
cut off: To end abruptly.
cut off: To interrupt (someone speaking).
cut off: (North American) swerve in front of (another car) while driving; cut [someone] up
cut off: to move so as to block someone else's movement in a direction.
cut off: To turn off or switch off (an electrical device).
stilted: simple past and past participle of stilt
colours: third-person singular simple present indicative of colour
doll up: To dress oneself or another in formal or ostentatious clothing as if for a special occasion.
balding: present participle and gerund of bald
have to: Must; need to; urged to; to be required to. Indicates obligation.
have to: Must (logical conclusion).
seizure: To undergo an epileptic seizure.
pick up: To lift; to grasp and raise.
pick up: To collect an object, especially in passing.
pick up: To acquire (something) accidentally; to catch (a disease).
pick up: To clean up; to return to an organized state.
pick up: To collect a passenger.
pick up: To collect and detain (a suspect).
pick up: To obtain and publish a story, news item, etc.
pick up: To improve, increase, or speed up.
pick up: To restart or resume.
pick up: To learn, to grasp; to begin to understand; to realize.
pick up: To receive (a radio signal or the like).
pick up: To notice, detect or discern; to pick up on
pick up: To point out the behaviour, habits, or actions of (a person) in a critical manner; used with on.
pick up: To meet and seduce somebody for romantic purposes, especially in a social situation.
pick up: To answer a telephone.
pick up: To receive calls; to function correctly.
pick up: To pay for.
pick up: To reduce the despondency of.
pick up: To take control (physically) of something.
pick up: To mark, to defend against an opposition player by following them closely.
pick up: To record; to notch up.
pick up: To behave in a manner that results in a foul.
pick up: To promote somebody who was previously passed over.
disobey: To refuse or (intentionally) fail to obey an order of (somebody).
disobey: To refuse or (intentionally) fail to obey.
breasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of breast
mugwump: To behave like a mugwump.
mugwump: To purport to stay aloof and independent, especially from party politics.
blooter: To do poor work, to botch (a job).
blooter: To talk foolishly, to babble.
blooter: To shriek, to cry in a shrill manner.
blooter: To kick a ball in a hard and usually wild manner.
blooter: To smash; to bludgeon.
daresay: Chiefly in the form I daresay: to say something boldly; to affirm or assert.
daresay: Chiefly in the form I daresay: to venture to say (as the speaker believes something is likely to be the case); to think something probable; to presume.
leaping: present participle and gerund of leap
babysit: To watch or tend someone else's child for a period of time, often for money.
babysit: To watch or attend anything or anyone unnecessarily closely; to have to help or coax too much.
exhibit: To display or show (something) for others to see, especially at an exhibition or contest.
exhibit: To demonstrate.
exhibit: To submit (a physical object) to a court as evidence.
exhibit: To put on a public display.
exhibit: To administer as a remedy.
thimble: To use a thimble (noun sense 1).
thimble: To sew.
gnarled: simple past and past participle of gnarl (Etymology 1)
gnarled: simple past and past participle of gnarl (Etymology 2)
resists: third-person singular simple present indicative of resist
pillage: To loot or plunder by force, especially in time of war.
trigger: To fire a weapon.
trigger: To initiate something.
trigger: To spark a response, especially a negative emotional response, in (someone).
trigger: To activate; to become active.
embower: To enclose something or someone as if in a bower; shelter with foliage.
embower: To lodge or rest in or as in a bower.
embower: To form a bower.
enthral: Alternative spelling of enthrall
exegete: To interpret; to perform an exegesis.
glorify: To exalt, or give glory or praise to (something or someone).
glorify: To make (something) appear to be more glorious than it is; regard something or someone as excellent baselessly.
glorify: To worship or extol.
go yard: To hit a home run.
horking: present participle and gerund of hork
fullest: second-person singular simple present indicative of full
hipster: To behave like a hipster.
hipster: To dress or decorate in a hip fashion.
cremate: To burn something to ashes.
cremate: To incinerate a dead body (as an alternative to burial).
terrify: To frighten greatly; to fill with terror.
terrify: To menace or intimidate.
terrify: To make terrible.
hang up: To put up to hang.
hang up: To terminate a telephone call.
hang up: To keep delayed, suspended, held up, or stuck.
bravado: To swagger; to brag.
letters: third-person singular simple present indicative of letter
lacking: present participle and gerund of lack
blazons: third-person singular simple present indicative of blazon
heralds: third-person singular simple present indicative of herald
plucked: simple past and past participle of pluck
reached: simple past and past participle of reach
entered: simple past and past participle of enter
started: simple past and past participle of start
allowed: simple past and past participle of allow
covered: simple past and past participle of cover
keister: To conceal something in one's rectum
trample: To crush something by walking on it.
trample: To treat someone harshly.
trample: To walk heavily and destructively.
trample: To cause emotional injury as if by trampling.
cooking: present participle and gerund of cook
demerit: To deserve.
demerit: To depreciate or cry down.
answers: third-person singular simple present indicative of answer
posited: simple past and past participle of posit
benight: To overtake (a traveller etc) with the darkness of night, especially before shelter is reached.
benight: To darken; to shroud or obscure.
benight: To plunge or be overwhelmed in moral or intellectual darkness.
sconced: simple past and past participle of sconce
sconces: third-person singular simple present indicative of sconce
esquire: To attend, wait on, escort.
effects: third-person singular simple present indicative of effect
labeled: simple past and past participle of label
mirrors: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirror
puppies: third-person singular simple present indicative of puppy
presage: To predict or foretell something.
presage: To make a prediction.
presage: To have a presentiment of; to feel beforehand; to foreknow.
streets: third-person singular simple present indicative of street
matters: third-person singular simple present indicative of matter
bemused: simple past and past participle of bemuse
preside: To act as president or chairperson.
preside: To exercise authority or control.
preside: To be a featured solo performer.
politic: To engage in political activity.
puddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of puddle
voicing: present participle and gerund of voice
curtsey: To make a curtsey.
mediate: To resolve differences, or to bring about a settlement, between conflicting parties.
mediate: To intervene between conflicting parties in order to resolve differences or bring about a settlement.
mediate: To divide into two equal parts.
mediate: To act as an intermediary causal or communicative agent; to convey.
mediate: To act as a spiritualistic medium.
beatbox: To use one’s mouth, lips, tongue, voice, etc. as a percussive instrument to create beats and rhythms for music.
bedizen: To ornament something in showy, tasteless, or gaudy finery.
bedizen: To dirty; cover with dirt.
look at: To observe or watch (something).
look at: To study (something) visually.
look at: To consider.
look at: to face (to be presented or confronted with; to have in prospect)
peeping: present participle and gerund of peep
parties: third-person singular simple present indicative of party
feeding: present participle and gerund of feed
gloried: simple past and past participle of glory
stamped: simple past and past participle of stamp
amassed: simple past and past participle of amass
iconify: To make into an icon.
iconify: To add icons to.
glisten: To reflect light with a glittering luster; to sparkle, coruscate, glint or flash.
encamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of encamp
imbosom: Alternative form of embosom
embosom: To draw to or into one's bosom; to treasure.
embosom: To enclose, surround, or protect.
amasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of amass
guerdon: To give such a reward to.
bearded: simple past and past participle of beard
resound: To make (sounds), or to speak (words), loudly or reverberatingly.
resound: Of a place: to cause (a sound) to reverberate; to echo.
resound: To praise or spread the fame of (someone or something) with the voice or the sound of musical instruments; to celebrate, to extol; also, to declare (someone) to be a certain thing.
resound: Of a place: to reverberate with sound or noise.
resound: Of a sound, a voice, etc.: to reverberate; to ring.
resound: Especially of a musical instrument: to make a (deep or reverberating) sound; also, to make sounds continuously.
resound: Of an event: to have a major effect in a certain place or time.
resound: Of a person, their reputation, etc.: to be much lauded or mentioned.
resound: To echo or repeat (a sound).
resound: To sound again.
betaken: past participle of betake
imposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of impose
devalue: To lower or remove the value of something.
devalue: To lose value; to depreciate.
drum up: To generate or encourage; to campaign for.
berates: third-person singular simple present indicative of berate
go over: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, over.
go over: To look at carefully; to scrutinize; to analyze.
go over: To create a response or impression.
go over: To spraypaint a graffito over someone else's graffito
go over: To score a try.
bulk up: To gain weight.
bulk up: To increase the weight of.
bulk up: To train the body with a high-calorie diet and intense weightlifting in order to increase the overall mass of the body, especially the muscles.
pump up: To inflate by means of a pump.
pump up: To inflate with a pumping action.
pump up: To excite a person or group to a frenzy.
pump up: To cause one's muscles to swell by means of focussed weightlifting.
defined: simple past and past participle of define
akether: quoth he.
selling: present participle and gerund of sell
pooping: present participle and gerund of poop
tithing: present participle and gerund of tithe
firm up: To make (tentative plans) more definite.
firm up: To become more definite.
firm up: To make (muscles) more toned through physical exercise.
firm up: To become more toned through physical exercise.
firm up: To become firmer in consistency.
Betamax: To make obsolete.
precook: to partially or completely cook in advance
outrank: To be of a higher rank than.
outrank: To be more important than.
refused: simple past and past participle of refuse
offered: simple past and past participle of offer
leaving: present participle and gerund of leave
dropped: simple past and past participle of drop
keeping: present participle and gerund of keep
decided: simple past and past participle of decide
pressed: simple past and past participle of press
pleased: simple past and past participle of please
appears: third-person singular simple present indicative of appear
noticed: simple past and past participle of notice
skirted: simple past and past participle of skirt
stating: present participle and gerund of state
ordered: simple past and past participle of order
talking: present participle and gerund of talk
occlude: To obstruct, cover, or otherwise block (an opening, a portion of an image, etc.).
occlude: To absorb, as a gas by a metal.
stopped: simple past and past participle of stop
mocking: present participle and gerund of mock
flowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flower
enemies: third-person singular simple present indicative of enemy
finding: present participle and gerund of find
toepoke: Alternative form of toe-poke
bootleg: To make, transport and/or sell illegal alcoholic liquor.
bootleg: To make, transport and/or sell an illegal version or copy of a copyrighted product.
bootleg: To engage in bootlegging.
pointed: simple past and past participle of point
tasting: present participle and gerund of taste
armlock: To hold in an armlock.
file in: To enter in single file.
grapple: To seize something and hold it firmly.
grapple: To wrestle or tussle.
grapple: To ponder and intensely evaluate a problem; to struggle to deal with.
grapple: To fasten, as with a grapple; (by extension) to fix; to join indissolubly.
grapple: To climb (whether by means of a grapple and rope, or by hand, etc).
grapple: To use a grapple (for example to attempt to find, hook, and raise a net or cable).
grapple: To hook and raise with a grapple.
remains: third-person singular simple present indicative of remain
defrock: To divest of a frock.
defrock: To formally remove the rights and authority of a member of the clergy.
defrock: To formally remove the rights and authority of someone, e.g. a government official or a medical practitioner.
restain: to stain again
leading: present participle and gerund of lead
retains: third-person singular simple present indicative of retain
walking: present participle and gerund of walk
bitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of bitch
jukebox: To play and listen to music from a jukebox.
jukebox: To play (music or digital content) on a jukebox
jukebox: To play or repeat as if on a jukebox.
jukebox: To format or set up for playing by a jukebox.
cheddar: To cut and press cheese so as to remove the whey and leave drier curds.
fission: To cause to undergo fission.
fission: To undergo fission.
assigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of assign
contemn: To disdain; to value at little or nothing; to treat or regard with contempt.
contemn: To commit an offence of contempt, such as contempt of court; to unlawfully flout (e.g. a ruling).
parquet: To lay or fit such a floor.
descant: To discuss at length.
descant: To sing or play a descant.
respell: To spell again.
respell: To spell again.
respell: To spell differently, especially according to pronunciation, or by a phonetic system.
roister: To engage in noisy, drunken, or riotous behaviour.
roister: To walk with a swaying motion.
hosanna: To give a cry of ‘hosanna’.
weeding: present participle and gerund of weed
made up: simple past and past participle of make up
drop in: To arrive casually and unannounced, with little or no warning; also, to visit without an appointment.
drop in: To paddle into and take off on a wave another surfer is already riding.
drop in: To fall in, to cave in.
sidebar: To place (information) into a sidebar, or as if into a sidebar.
settled: simple past and past participle of settle
mooning: present participle and gerund of moon
printed: simple past and past participle of print
playing: present participle and gerund of play
showing: present participle and gerund of show
mauling: present participle and gerund of maul
quaking: present participle and gerund of quake
passing: present participle and gerund of pass
putrify: Alternative spelling of putrefy
perempt: To destroy or defeat.
prepaid: simple past and past participle of prepay
riposte: To attempt to hit an opponent after parrying an attack.
riposte: To respond quickly; particularly if the response is humorous.
plotter: Alternative form of plouter
caramel: To caramelize.
poniard: To stab with a poniard.
lending: present participle and gerund of lend
azotise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of azotize.
pack on: To add (fat, muscle, etc.) so as to increase mass or bulk.
spancel: to hobble with a spancel
nibbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nibble
checker: To mark in a pattern of alternating light and dark positions, like a checkerboard.
checker: To develop markings in a pattern of alternating light and dark positions, like a checkerboard.
potluck: To take part in a potluck, where each participant brings a meal to be shared by all.
rocking: present participle and gerund of rock
eat out: To dine at a restaurant or such public place.
eat out: To erode or encroach upon by gradually consuming.
eat out: To perform cunnilingus or anilingus on.
eat out: To reprimand severely.
eat out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see eat, out.
codling: present participle and gerund of codle
misword: To word incorrectly.
embroil: To bring (something) into a state of confusion or uproar; to complicate, to confuse, to jumble.
embroil: To cause (someone) to be drawn into or involved in a difficult situation or state of contention.
embroil: To set (something) on fire; to burn (something).
Lazarus: To rescue a dying person.
Lazarus: To raise from the dead.
smatter: To talk superficially; to babble, chatter.
smatter: To speak (a language) with spotty or superficial knowledge.
smatter: To study or approach superficially; to dabble in.
smatter: To have a slight taste, or a slight, superficial knowledge, of anything; to smack.
shelves: third-person singular simple present indicative of shelve
pop out: To leave a room or building with the expectation of returning soon.
pop out: To appear on the screen as a temporary window or menu.
pop out: To be retired after three strikes, including a popout (pop fly) on the third strike.
pop out: To give birth.
pop out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pop, out.
objects: third-person singular simple present indicative of object
shudder: To shake nervously, often from fear or horror.
shudder: To vibrate jerkily.
steamed: simple past and past participle of steam
reduced: simple past and past participle of reduce
elected: simple past and past participle of elect
bellies: third-person singular simple present indicative of belly
raising: present participle and gerund of raise
subsist: To survive on a minimum of resources.
subsist: To have ontological reality; to exist.
subsist: To retain a certain state; to continue.
hush up: To become quiet; to cease making sounds.
hush up: To silence.
hush up: To keep secret, to prevent from becoming known.
ruffian: To play the ruffian; to rage; to raise tumult.
hook up: To assemble the parts of a mechanism, especially by connecting wires.
hook up: To connect to something like a power supply or a signal source.
hook up: To form an association (with) someone.
hook up: To connect (someone) (with) another person.
hook up: To have a casual sexual experience with another person, usually without any future relationship intended.
hook up: To supply someone with goods or services.
vessels: third-person singular simple present indicative of vessel
ask out: To invite somebody, especially on a date.
pitched: simple past and past participle of pitch
changes: third-person singular simple present indicative of change
details: third-person singular simple present indicative of detail
opposed: simple past and past participle of oppose
located: simple past and past participle of locate
planned: simple past and past participle of plan
trained: simple past and past participle of train
licence: Misspelling of license.
marking: present participle and gerund of mark
beating: present participle and gerund of beat
classes: third-person singular simple present indicative of class
annoyed: simple past and past participle of annoy
posting: present participle and gerund of post
spirits: third-person singular simple present indicative of spirit
seeking: present participle and gerund of seek
knights: third-person singular simple present indicative of knight
figures: third-person singular simple present indicative of figure
figures: It figures.
sniggle: To chortle or chuckle; snicker.
sniggle: To fish for eels by thrusting a baited hook into their dens.
sniggle: To catch by this means.
sniggle: To ensnare.
sniggle: To steal something of little value.
whooped: simple past and past participle of whoop
apodize: To remove or smooth a sharp discontinuity in a mathematical function.
fevered: simple past and past participle of fever
studies: third-person singular simple present indicative of study
retread: To replace the traction-providing surface of a vehicle that employs tires, tracks or treads.
retread: To renew the tread of a tyre, providing a cheaper alternative to buying a new tyre, but potentially introducing a risk of premature failure if performed improperly.
retread: To tread again, to walk along again, to follow a path again.
granted: simple past and past participle of grant
summons: To serve someone with a summons.
summons: third-person singular simple present indicative of summon
crammed: simple past and past participle of cram
offices: third-person singular simple present indicative of office
parched: simple past and past participle of parch
scallop: To create or form an edge in the shape of a crescent or multiple crescents.
scallop: To bake in a casserole (gratin), originally in a scallop shell; especially used in form scalloped
scallop: To harvest scallops
torrent: To download in a torrent.
moments: third-person singular simple present indicative of moment
leering: present participle and gerund of leer
nitride: To subject to the nitriding process.
reasons: third-person singular simple present indicative of reason
methods: third-person singular simple present indicative of method
results: third-person singular simple present indicative of result
lasting: present participle and gerund of last
targets: third-person singular simple present indicative of target
trolley: To bring to by trolley.
trolley: To use a trolley vehicle to go from one place to another.
trolley: To travel by trolley (streetcar, trolleybus or light train).
actions: third-person singular simple present indicative of action
records: third-person singular simple present indicative of record
altered: simple past and past participle of alter
shunned: simple past and past participle of shun
selvage: To give a selvage to (fabric).
icepick: To break or stab with an icepick.
conjoin: To join together; to unite; to combine.
conjoin: To marry.
conjoin: To join as coordinate elements, often with a coordinating conjunction, such as coordinate clauses.
conjoin: To combine two sets, conditions, or expressions by a logical AND; to intersect.
conjoin: To unite, to join, to league.
worried: simple past and past participle of worry
visited: past participle of visit
snifter: To sniff.
patches: third-person singular simple present indicative of patch
mustang: To hunt mustangs (wild horses), either for military use or for slaughter as pet food.
size up: To evaluate; to estimate or anticipate the magnitude, difficulty, or strength of something.
size up: To wear a larger size of clothing.
farming: present participle and gerund of farm
salvage: to rescue.
salvage: to put to use.
salvage: To make new or restore for the use of being saved.
salvage: To perform summary execution.
salvage: To apprehend and execute (a suspected criminal) without trial.
managed: simple past and past participle of manage
depends: third-person singular simple present indicative of depend
happens: third-person singular simple present indicative of happen
insults: third-person singular simple present indicative of insult
happify: To make happy.
regards: third-person singular simple present indicative of regard
delayed: simple past and past participle of delay
adopted: simple past and past participle of adopt
packing: present participle and gerund of pack
earmark: To mark (sheep or other animals) by slitting the ear.
earmark: To specify or set aside for a particular purpose, to allocate.
earmark: To specify or set aside for a particular purpose, to allocate.
earmark: To designate part of a pension to be payable to the holder's former spouse or partner at its time of payment.
sources: third-person singular simple present indicative of source
belabor: US spelling of belabour.
testing: present participle and gerund of test
forests: third-person singular simple present indicative of forest
belongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of belong
fall in: To collapse inwards.
fall in: Of a soldier, to get into position in a rank.
fall in: To come to an end; to terminate; to lapse.
fall in: To become operative.
hearten: To give heart to; to encourage, urge on, cheer, give confidence to.
devolve: To roll (something) down; to unroll.
devolve: To be inherited by someone else; to pass down upon the next person in a succession, especially through failure or loss of an earlier holder.
devolve: To delegate (a responsibility, duty, etc.) on or upon someone.
devolve: To fall as a duty or responsibility on or upon someone.
devolve: To degenerate; to break down.
flaneur: To wander aimlessly or at a lounging pace.
focused: simple past and past participle of focus
existed: simple past and past participle of exist
redoubt: To fortify, to make into a stronghold.
redoubt: To dread.
redoubt: To doubt again.
gleeked: simple past and past participle of gleek
debauch: To morally corrupt (someone); to seduce.
debauch: To debase (something); to lower the value of (something).
debauch: To indulge in revelry.
pimping: present participle and gerund of pimp
rescind: To repeal, annul, or declare void; to take (something such as a rule or contract) out of effect.
rescind: To cut away or off.
spangle: To fix spangles or sparkling objects to (something); to bespangle.
spangle: To adorn or decorate (something).
spangle: To flash, glitter, or sparkle.
niblick: To strike, or take a shot, with a niblick.
Rolodex: To index, or scan through, in the manner of a rotating file index.
dowdify: To make dowdy; to make unfashionable.
connive: To secretly cooperate with other people in order to commit a crime or other wrongdoing; to collude, to conspire.
connive: Of parts of a plant: to be converging or in close contact; to be connivent.
connive: Often followed by at: to pretend to be ignorant of something in order to escape blame; to ignore or overlook a fault deliberately.
connive: To open and close the eyes rapidly; to wink.
repulse: To repel or drive back.
repulse: To reject or rebuff.
repulse: To cause revulsion in.
adduced: simple past and past participle of adduce
resting: present participle and gerund of rest
fade in: To fade from black to a visual image in a film or other visual media.
fade in: To begin with silence in a song and slowly increase the volume of music until the song's intro is done.
dapples: third-person singular simple present indicative of dapple
soufflé: To prepare as a soufflé.
soufflé: To treat analogously to the way one prepares a soufflé.
soufflé: To whirl around or beat violently.
soufflé: To treat analogously to the way one prepares a soufflé.
soufflé: To give a light, airy, and/or fluffy texture to, especially if done by whipping or blowing.
soufflé: To treat analogously to the way one prepares a soufflé.
soufflé: To make lighthearted, witty, or whimsical.
soufflé: To treat analogously to the way one prepares a soufflé.
soufflé: To puff up or bloat.
rapping: present participle and gerund of rap
versify: to make or compose verses
versify: to tell in verse; deal with in verse form
versify: to turn (prose) into poetry; rewrite in verse form
asswage: Obsolete spelling of assuage
baiting: present participle and gerund of bait
galumph: To move heavily and clumsily, or with a sense of prancing and triumph.
enjoyed: simple past and past participle of enjoy
distill: US standard spelling of distil.
dappled: simple past and past participle of dapple
quavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of quaver
cliched: simple past and past participle of cliche
bookend: To come before and after, or at both sides of.
blinded: simple past and past participle of blind
clichéd: simple past and past participle of cliché
go-cart: Alternative form of go-kart.
traipse: To walk in a messy or unattractively casual way; to trail through dirt.
traipse: To walk about, especially when expending much effort, or unnecessary effort.
traipse: To travel with purpose; usually a significant or tedious amount.
traipse: To walk (a distance or journey) wearily or with effort
traipse: to walk about or over (a place) aimlessly or insouciantly.
bedight: To equip or bedeck.
blocked: simple past and past participle of block
rampart: To defend with a rampart; fortify or surround with a rampart.
assegai: To spear with an assegai.
canvass: To thoroughly examine or investigate (something) physically or by discussion; to debate, to gather opinion, to scrutinize.
canvass: To scrutinize (the ballot in an election or the votes cast) and reject irregular votes; also, to challenge or dispute (an election result).
canvass: To seek or solicit donations, information, opinions, support, etc. from (people or a place)
canvass: To seek the support of (voters or a constituency) in a forthcoming election or poll through personal solicitation or public addresses.
canvass: To toss (someone) in a (canvas) sheet for fun or as a punishment; to blanket.
canvass: To batter, beat, or thrash (someone or something).
canvass: To assail or attack (someone or something).
canvass: To severely criticize (a person, a written work, etc.).
canvass: To debate, to discuss.
canvass: To seek or solicit donations, information, opinions, support, etc.; to conduct a survey.
canvass: To seek the support of voters or a constituency in a forthcoming election or poll; to campaign.
indexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of index
chumble: To peck at or nibble.
clabber: To sour or curdle.
ravages: third-person singular simple present indicative of ravage
spaniel: To follow loyally or obsequiously, like a spaniel.
lampoon: To satirize or poke fun at.
chaffer: To haggle or barter.
chaffer: To buy.
chaffer: To talk much and idly; to chatter.
crupper: To fit with a crupper; to place a crupper upon.
bellows: To operate a bellows; to direct air at (something) using a bellows.
bellows: To expand and contract like a bellows.
bellows: To fold up like a bellows; to accordion.
bellows: third-person singular simple present indicative of bellow
debouch: To pour forth from a narrow opening; to emerge from a narrow place like a defile into open country or a wider space.
squidge: To squash, most often between one's fingers.
squidge: To fire a wink with a squidger.
studied: simple past and past participle of study
contuse: To injure without breaking the skin; to bruise.
mau-mau: To menace through intimidating tactics; to intimidate, harass; to terrorize.
drowned: simple past and past participle of drown
readies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ready
sounded: simple past and past participle of sound
sensate: To feel or apprehend by means of the senses; to perceive.
flinder: To flirt; run about in a fluttering manner
reports: third-person singular simple present indicative of report
bow out: To resign, or leave, with one's credibility still intact.
look up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see look, up.
look up: To have better prospects.
look up: To obtain, or seek to obtain, information about something.
look up: To obtain information about something from a reference book.
look up: To obtain, or seek to obtain, information about something.
look up: To enter a query into a database or search engine.
look up: To obtain, or seek to obtain, information about something.
look up: To reconnect or meet with someone that one used to know.
chipped: simple past and past participle of chip
toothed: simple past and past participle of tooth
hachure: To mark a map with hachures.
vaunted: simple past and past participle of vaunt
kissing: present participle and gerund of kiss
languor: To languish.
volumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of volume
rub off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rub, off.
rub off: To clean by rubbing.
rub off: To be transferred with little or no effort.
manumit: To release from slavery, to free.
absorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of absorb
abashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of abash
abounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of abound
abducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abduct
absents: third-person singular simple present indicative of absent
gasface: To disrespect someone.
gasface: To make a stupid or disrespectful face to someone.
abraded: simple past and past participle of abrade
abseils: third-person singular simple present indicative of abseil
abrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of abrade
beat up: To give a severe beating to; to assault violently with repeated blows.
beat up: To attack suddenly; to alarm.
beat up: To cause, by some other means, injuries comparable to the result of being beaten up.
beat up: To feel badly guilty and accuse oneself over something. (Usually followed by over or about.)
beat up: To repeatedly bomb a military target or targets.
beat up: To get something done (derived from the idea of beating for game).
beat up: To sail to windward using a series of alternate tacks across the wind.
beat up: To disturb; to pay an untimely visit to.
beat up: To go diligently about in order to get helpers or participants in an enterprise.
confide: To trust, have faith (in).
confide: To entrust (something) to the responsibility of someone.
confide: To take (someone) into one's confidence, to speak in secret with.
confide: To say (something) in confidence.
dealing: present participle and gerund of deal
cut out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cut, out. To separate into parts with or as if with a sharp-edged instrument; sever.
cut out: To refrain from (doing something, using something etc.), to stop/cease (doing something).
cut out: To remove, omit.
cut out: To oust, to replace.
cut out: To separate (an animal) from the herd.
cut out: To stop working, to switch off; (of a person on the telephone etc.) to be inaudible, be disconnected.
cut out: To leave suddenly.
cut out: To arrange or prepare.
cut out: To intercept.
cut out: To take a ship out of a harbor etc. by getting between her and the shore.
upchuck: To vomit.
cursing: present participle and gerund of curse
steeple: To form something into the shape of a steeple.
nictate: To wink or blink; (of certain animals) to close the nictating membrane.
quizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of quiz
coerced: simple past and past participle of coerce, being forced
tinfoil: To cover in tinfoil.
accedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of accede
acceded: simple past and past participle of accede
accepts: third-person singular simple present indicative of accept
accosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of accost
accords: third-person singular simple present indicative of accord
accrued: simple past and past participle of accrue
accents: third-person singular simple present indicative of accent
accrues: third-person singular simple present indicative of accrue
accuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of accuse
respite: To delay or postpone (an event).
respite: To allow (a person) extra time to fulfil some obligation.
clobber: To hit or bash severely; to seriously harm or damage.
clobber: To overwrite (data) or override (an assignment of a value), often unintentionally or unexpectedly.
basking: present participle and gerund of bask
tom-tom: To play the tom-tom (pair of drums).
snarfle: to make the noise of an animal (such as a pig) eating
snarfle: to eat greedily
twinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of twinge
topcoat: To apply a topcoat to.
minting: present participle and gerund of mint
tousled: simple past and past participle of tousle
milling: present participle and gerund of mill
inboard: to discount a product in order to increase sales
panting: present participle and gerund of pant
abeared: simple past and past participle of abear
aberred: simple past and past participle of aberr
ablutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ablute
abluted: simple past and past participle of ablute
abjects: third-person singular simple present indicative of abject
remands: third-person singular simple present indicative of remand
abduced: simple past and past participle of abduce
sawmill: To process (lumber) in a sawmill.
abraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of abraid
tam-tam: To beat on a drum.
aborded: simple past and past participle of abord
abrased: simple past and past participle of abrase
abrooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of abrook
niggard: To hoard; to act stingily.
bang on: To talk about something constantly and tiresomely.
abrupts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abrupt
abduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of abduce
absumed: simple past and past participle of absume
accends: third-person singular simple present indicative of accend
absumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of absume
abreact: To eliminate previously repressed emotions by reliving past experiences.
accited: simple past and past participle of accite
accites: third-person singular simple present indicative of accite
abanded: simple past and past participle of aband
abomine: To abominate.
abrases: third-person singular simple present indicative of abrase
abscise: To cut off.
abscise: To separate by means of abscission; to shed or drop off.
reprise: To take (something) up or on again.
reprise: To repeat or resume an action or a role.
reprise: To recompense; to pay.
markets: third-person singular simple present indicative of market
accinge: To prepare oneself for action.
advokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of advoke
advoked: simple past and past participle of advoke
advises: third-person singular simple present indicative of advise
marines: third-person singular simple present indicative of marine
adviews: third-person singular simple present indicative of adview
adverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of advert
fisheye: To glance unfriendlily or suspiciously at.
bumming: present participle and gerund of bum
accloys: third-person singular simple present indicative of accloy
dilutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dilute
accoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of accoil
accolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of accoll
die out: To become extinct.
die out: To cease gradually.
pulsate: To expand and contract rhythmically; to throb or to beat.
pulsate: To quiver, vibrate, or flash; as to the beat of music.
pulsate: To produce a recurring increase and decrease of some quantity.
honours: third-person singular simple present indicative of honour
diluted: simple past and past participle of dilute
matched: simple past and past participle of match
airting: present participle and gerund of airt
accoyed: simple past and past participle of accoy
doo-wop: To perform music in this style.
agrised: simple past and past participle of agrise
courier: To deliver by courier.
aguised: simple past and past participle of aguise
agnized: simple past and past participle of agnize
agnises: third-person singular simple present indicative of agnise
aguises: third-person singular simple present indicative of aguise
agrises: third-person singular simple present indicative of agrise
agnizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of agnize
clipped: simple past and past participle of clip
riddled: simple past and past participle of riddle
agonise: Alternative spelling of agonize
agisted: simple past and past participle of agist
invaded: simple past and past participle of invade
chowder: To make (seafood, etc.) into chowder.
extends: third-person singular simple present indicative of extend
options: third-person singular simple present indicative of option
signals: third-person singular simple present indicative of signal
sucking: present participle and gerund of suck
bewitch: To cast a spell upon.
bewitch: To fascinate or charm.
bewitch: To astonish, amaze.
credits: third-person singular simple present indicative of credit
matches: third-person singular simple present indicative of match
reforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of reform
bishops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bishop
acuated: simple past and past participle of acuate
reaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of reach
demands: third-person singular simple present indicative of demand
acuting: present participle and gerund of acute
acuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of acuate
attacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of attack
adorned: simple past and past participle of adorn
arising: present participle and gerund of arise
sawdust: To sprinkle with sawdust.
derives: third-person singular simple present indicative of derive
zeroing: present participle and gerund of zero
gardens: third-person singular simple present indicative of garden
sublate: To negate, deny or contradict.
sublate: To take or carry away; to remove.
cheered: simple past and past participle of cheer
claimed: simple past and past participle of claim
deglove: To peel back the skin from part of the body as if removing a glove, especially as the result of an accident.
springs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spring
signing: present participle and gerund of sign
wearied: simple past and past participle of weary
touches: third-person singular simple present indicative of touch
defines: third-person singular simple present indicative of define
adapted: simple past and past participle of adapt
courses: third-person singular simple present indicative of course
buttons: third-person singular simple present indicative of button
implies: third-person singular simple present indicative of imply
whipped: simple past and past participle of whip
deadens: third-person singular simple present indicative of deaden
agnised: simple past and past participle of agnise
pairing: present participle and gerund of pair
rule on: To make a decision in an official capacity regarding some matter.
enfeoff: To transfer a fief to, to endow with a fief; to put (a person) in legal possession of a freehold interest.
enfeoff: To give up completely; to surrender, to yield.
jointed: simple past and past participle of joint
loading: present participle and gerund of load
noughts: third-person singular simple present indicative of nought
resides: third-person singular simple present indicative of reside
joining: present participle and gerund of join
fawning: present participle and gerund of fawn
adsorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of adsorb
wishing: present participle and gerund of wish
gratify: To please.
gratify: To make content; to satisfy.
bounded: simple past and past participle of bound
grieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of grieve
fasting: present participle and gerund of fast
alarmed: simple past and past participle of alarm
pulling: present participle and gerund of pull
affords: third-person singular simple present indicative of afford
ringing: present participle and gerund of ring
adoring: present participle and gerund of adore
jaunted: simple past and past participle of jaunt
thewing: present participle and gerund of thew
endowed: simple past and past participle of endow
factors: third-person singular simple present indicative of factor
coating: present participle and gerund of coat
reweigh: To weigh again; to weigh something that has already been weighed.
roaring: present participle and gerund of roar
craving: present participle and gerund of crave
powered: simple past and past participle of power
gushing: present participle and gerund of gush
glimmer: To shine with a faint, unsteady light.
sallies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sally
treadle: To use a treadle.
implant: To fix firmly or set securely or deeply.
implant: To insert (something) surgically into the body.
implant: Of an embryo, to become attached to and embedded in the womb.
lone it: To go alone.
flicker: To burn or shine unsteadily, or with a wavering light.
flicker: To keep going on and off; to appear and disappear for short moments; to flutter.
flicker: To flutter or flap.
trisect: to cut into three pieces
trisect: to divide a quantity, angle etc into three equal parts
keynote: To deliver a speech that sets the main theme of a conference or other gathering.
meddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of meddle
jujitsu: To attack (someone) or overcome (a challenge) with strategic maneuvering.
spackle: To fill or repair with a plastic paste.
spackle: To fill cracks or holes with a spackle.
spackle: To fill gaps with something, as if spackling; to speckle
sign in: To sign one's name on a list when entering a place, to indicate one's arrival.
sign in: To take some action to access a secured program or web page on a computer; to log in.
try out: To test (something) to see how it works or whether it is suitable.
try out: To undergo a test before being selected; to audition.
gambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gamble
brushed: simple past and past participle of brush
lawyers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lawyer
depress: To press down.
depress: To make depressed, sad or bored.
depress: To cause a depression or a decrease in parts of the economy.
depress: To bring down or humble; to abase (pride, etc.).
depress: To reduce (an equation) in a lower degree.
crumble: To fall apart; to disintegrate.
crumble: To break into crumbs.
crumble: To mix (ingredients such as flour and butter) in such a way as to form crumbs.
sign up: To add a name to the list of people who are participating in something.
sign up: To add one's own name to the list of people who are participating in something (including amateur, but not professional, teams)
sign up: To agree to purchase some good or service.
forearm: To arm in preparation.
offload: to unload.
offload: to get rid of things, work, or problems by passing them on to someone or something else.
offload: to pass the ball.
offload: to deny a person on a standby list due to lack of space.
offload: to change a passengers' ticket status from "checked in" to "open", allowing further changes. (This applies regardless of whether the passenger has boarded the aircraft or not).
deserts: third-person singular simple present indicative of desert
boobies: third-person singular simple present indicative of booby
adverbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of adverb
flutter: To flap or wave quickly but irregularly.
flutter: Of a winged animal: to flap the wings without flying; to fly with a light flapping of the wings.
flutter: To undergo divergent oscillations (potentially to the point of causing structural failure) due to a positive feedback loop between elastic deformation and aerodynamic forces.
flutter: To cause something to flap.
flutter: To drive into disorder; to throw into confusion.
flutter: To be in a state of agitation or uncertainty.
flutter: To be frivolous.
flutter: To subject to a lie detector test.
blasted: simple past and past participle of blast
saccade: To make a rapid jerking movement to focus elsewhere.
curling: present participle and gerund of curl
disband: To break up or (cause to) cease to exist; to disperse.
disband: To loose the bands of; to set free.
disband: To divorce.
typeset: to set or compose written material into type
typeset: to be set or composed into type
undoing: present participle and gerund of undo
defrost: To remove frost from.
defrost: To thaw something.
defrost: To recover from something tiresome.
swungen: Archaic form of swung.
sjambok: To whip with a sjambok; to horsewhip.
see red: To become enraged, angry, or irritated.
see red: To receive a red card, and be dismissed from the playing field.
presses: third-person singular simple present indicative of press
searing: present participle and gerund of sear
retract: To pull (something) back or back inside.
retract: To pull (something) back or back inside.
retract: To draw (an extended body part) back into the body.
retract: To avert (one's eyes or a gaze).
retract: To pronounce (a sound, especially a vowel) farther to the back of the vocal tract.
retract: To hold back (something); to restrain.
retract: To draw back; to draw up; to withdraw.
retract: To cancel or take back (something, such as an edict or a favour or grant previously bestowed); to rescind, to revoke.
retract: To break or fail to keep (a promise, etc.); to renege.
retract: To take back or withdraw (something that has been said or written); to disavow, to repudiate.
retract: Originally in chess and now in other games as well: to take back or undo (a move); specifically (card games) to take back or withdraw (a card which has been played).
retract: To decline or fail to do something promised; to break one's word.
retract: Of something said or written (such as published academic work): to take back or withdraw.
retract: To change one's mind after declaring an intention to make a certain move.
carjack: To steal an automobile forcibly from (someone).
carjack: To forcibly steal (a vehicle).
twinkle: To shine with a flickering light; to glimmer.
twinkle: To be bright with delight.
twinkle: To bat, blink or wink the eyes.
twinkle: To flit to and fro.
Houdini: to vanish, or escape a difficult situation quickly.
saddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of saddle
succour: To give aid, assistance, or help.
succour: To provide aid or assistance in the form of military equipment and soldiers; in particular, for helping a place under siege.
succour: To protect, to shelter; to provide a refuge.
clatter: To make a rattling sound.
clatter: To chatter noisily or rapidly.
clatter: To hit; to smack.
lanolin: To treat with lanolin.
outtake: To take out, remove.
outtake: To except.
regroup: To pause and get organized again.
regroup: To group or categorize again.
regroup: To re-form as a group.
grooves: third-person singular simple present indicative of groove
stunned: simple past and past participle of stun
foghorn: To sound a foghorn
foghorn: To shout or bellow in a loud, deep voice
asphalt: To pave with asphalt.
copycat: To act as a copycat; to copy in a shameless or derivative way.
jamming: present participle and gerund of jam
beholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of behold
numbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of number
tatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of tatter
symbols: third-person singular simple present indicative of symbol
give by: to stand aside
sinning: present participle and gerund of sin
checked: simple past and past participle of check
whacked: simple past and past participle of whack
earthen: to provide or add soil to
earthen: to make earthly or earthlike
screwed: simple past and past participle of screw
payback: Misspelling of pay back.
debrief: To question someone after a military mission in order to obtain information (especially intelligence).
debrief: To question someone, or a group of people, after the implementation of a project, in order to learn from mistakes, etc.
debrief: To inform subjects of an experiment about what has happened in a complete and accurate manner.
slammed: simple past and past participle of slam
legging: present participle and gerund of leg
huddled: simple past and past participle of huddle
give me: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see give, me.
give me: An expression of strong preference or approbation for a named thing.
give me: A request by a telephone user to be connected with a specified person, number, etc.
give me: A command to do a given number of repetitions of an exercise (usually push-ups).
unspool: To remove (film, cotton, etc.) from a spool; unwind.
unspool: To reduce the thrust of a jet engine to idle in flight.
unspool: To screen a film.
unspool: To flow forth, unfold, or play out.
unspool: To lose or cause to lose one's composure; to fall apart.
unspool: To relax; to unwind.
pickled: simple past and past participle of pickle
hotshot: To give (somebody) a dose of recreational drugs deliberately laced with poison.
pageant: To exhibit in show; to represent; to mimic.
shutter: To close shutters covering.
shutter: To close up (a building) for a prolonged period of inoccupancy.
shutter: To cancel or terminate.
seasons: third-person singular simple present indicative of season
briquet: Alternative form of briquette
reclaim: To return land to a suitable condition for use.
reclaim: To obtain useful products from waste; to recycle.
reclaim: To claim something back; to repossess.
reclaim: To return someone to a proper course of action, or correct an error; to reform.
reclaim: To tame or domesticate a wild animal.
reclaim: To call back from flight or disorderly action; to call to, for the purpose of subduing or quieting.
reclaim: To cry out in opposition or contradiction; to exclaim against anything; to contradict; to take exceptions.
reclaim: To draw back; to give way.
reclaim: To appeal from the Lord Ordinary to the inner house of the Court of Session.
reclaim: To bring back a term into acceptable usage, usually of a slur, and usually by the group that was once targeted by that slur.
chi-ike: To mock or jeer; to chiack.
platoon: To alternate starts with a teammate of opposite handedness, depending on the handedness of the opposing pitcher
platoon: To specialize in a particular position or playing style.
platoon: Of self-driving vehicles: to travel in a close convoy, each vehicle communicating electronically with the others.
booking: present participle and gerund of book
preview: To show or watch something, or part of it, before it is complete.
preview: To show something in advance, a facility for seeing and checking a document or photo, or changes to it, before saving and/or printing it.
derange: To cause (someone) to go insane or become deranged.
derange: To cause disorder in (something); to distort from its ideal state.
derange: To cause to malfunction or become inoperative.
derange: To disrupt (somebody's) plans, to inconvenience; to derail.
quackle: To choke.
quackle: To make a quacking sound.
pinfold: To confine (animals) in a pinfold.
camping: present participle and gerund of camp
jacuzzi: To equip with a jacuzzi.
jacuzzi: To use a jacuzzi.
jacuzzi: To treat with a jacuzzi.
aerates: third-person singular simple present indicative of aerate
circles: third-person singular simple present indicative of circle
biotype: To sort, arrange of classify into such groups
quadrat: To place a quadrat, or divide into quadrats.
aerated: simple past and past participle of aerate
plapper: To make a flapping noise with the lips.
drained: simple past and past participle of drain
notated: simple past and past participle of notate
notates: third-person singular simple present indicative of notate
matting: present participle and gerund of mat
delouse: To remove lice from.
delouse: To apply insecticides or insect repellents to, in order to be sure that no lice or other parasites are present.
delouse: To remove malicious software, such as viruses, trojans, spyware, or worms, from.
hotline: To communicate over a telephone hotline.
picking: present participle and gerund of pick
goading: present participle and gerund of goad
replevy: To return goods to their rightful owner by replevin; to recover goods.
replevy: To bail.
doubles: third-person singular simple present indicative of double
sacring: present participle and gerund of sacre
upfront: To bring to the fore; to place up front for consideration
gaining: present participle and gerund of gain
blowing: present participle and gerund of blow
impaled: simple past and past participle of impale
wasting: present participle and gerund of waste
rawhide: To clear (a pump) of sediment by starting and stopping it repeatedly.
rawhide: To beat with a rawhide whip.
scooter: To ride on a scooter.
scumble: To apply an opaque glaze to an area of a painting to make it softer or duller.
scumble: To apply a painted pattern to the finish of a piece of furniture to simulate the woodgrain of another timber, as for example to give pine an appearance of oak.
sponsor: To be a sponsor for.
stencil: To print with a stencil.
garrote: to execute by strangulation
garrote: to kill using a garrote
restart: To start again.
restart: To reboot.
scarper: To run away; to flee; to escape.
vending: present participle and gerund of vend
sundown: to experience an episode or an onset of some detrimental mental condition like agitation, anxiety, hallucination or dementia, daily at nightfall.
humping: present participle and gerund of hump
cook up: To prepare (food or chemical substances) by cooking or heating.
cook up: To manufacture; to invent (something, often a deceit or falsehood).
cook up: To prepare a heroin dose by heating.
cook up: To manufacture a significant amount of illegal drugs (LSD, meth, etc.)
cook up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cook, up.
topping: present participle and gerund of top
giggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of giggle
autumns: third-person singular simple present indicative of autumn
jitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of jitter
cashier: To dismiss (someone, especially military personnel) from service.
cashier: To discard, put away.
cashier: To annul.
cashier: To work as a cashier (at a till or receiving payment)
upclomb: simple past and past participle of upclimb
kennels: third-person singular simple present indicative of kennel
cooling: present participle and gerund of cool
winters: third-person singular simple present indicative of winter
coasted: simple past and past participle of coast
creates: third-person singular simple present indicative of create
coerces: third-person singular simple present indicative of coerce
couples: third-person singular simple present indicative of couple
sniffle: To make a whimpering or sniffing sound when breathing, because of a runny nose.
sniffle: To utter with a whimpering or sniffing sound.
cookies: third-person singular simple present indicative of cookie
tearing: present participle and gerund of tear
cloying: present participle and gerund of cloy
hacksaw: To cut with a hacksaw.
fixture: To furnish with, as, or in a fixture.
fixture: To schedule (a match).
quilted: simple past and past participle of quilt
head up: To lead or take the lead in; to direct; to take charge of.
head up: To close (a cask, barrel, etc.) by fitting a head to it.
head up: To turn towards the wind
blubber: To make noises or broken words while crying.
blubber: To swell or disfigure (the face) with weeping; to wet with tears.
bitched: simple past and past participle of bitch
tickets: third-person singular simple present indicative of ticket
humming: present participle and gerund of hum
glories: third-person singular simple present indicative of glory
salting: present participle and gerund of salt
fursuit: To wear a fursuit.
magpies: third-person singular simple present indicative of magpie
flights: third-person singular simple present indicative of flight
peg leg: Alternative spelling of peg-leg
purging: present participle and gerund of purge
peg-leg: To limp or hobble (having or imitating having a wooden leg).
peg-leg: To appear or detect in a discontinuous fashion.
harried: simple past and past participle of harry
sandbag: To construct a barrier of sandbags (around).
sandbag: To strike someone with a sandbag or other object to disable or render unconscious.
sandbag: To conceal or misrepresent one's true position, potential, or intent in order to gain an advantage; (originally poker) to pretend to have a weak hand, as a strategy.
sandbag: To blindside; to deceive; to undermine.
sandbag: To pretend to drink early on so that, as the night draws on, one can drink everybody else "under the table".
fretted: simple past and past participle of fret
skating: present participle and gerund of skate
pebbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pebble
strikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of strike
relying: present participle and gerund of rely
deleted: simple past and past participle of delete
pile up: To form a pile, stack, or heap.
pile up: To collect or accumulate, as a backlog.
broaden: To make broad or broader.
broaden: To become broad or broader.
echoing: present participle and gerund of echo
carpool: To travel together in such a pool.
bluster: To speak or protest loudly.
bluster: To act or speak in an unduly threatening manner.
bluster: To blow in strong or sudden gusts.
coveted: simple past and past participle of covet
lesions: third-person singular simple present indicative of lesion
pecking: present participle and gerund of peck
probate: To establish the legality of (a will).
beavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of beaver
honored: simple past and past participle of honor
boozing: present participle and gerund of booze
praises: third-person singular simple present indicative of praise
budding: present participle and gerund of bud
scrunch: To crumple and squeeze to make more compact.
scrunch: To crumple and squeeze to make more compact.
scrunch: To contract the muscles of one's face so as to draw their facial features together, out of pain, discomfort, uncertainty, etc.
scrunch: Alternative form of scranch
teabags: third-person singular simple present indicative of teabag
windrow: To arrange (e.g. new-made hay) in lines or windrows.
denotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of denote
layered: simple past and past participle of layer
borders: third-person singular simple present indicative of border
pop off: To leave and return in a short time.
pop off: To die suddenly.
pop off: To kill someone.
pop off: To fire or launch (a shot, projectile, or missile), especially singly or in small bursts.
pop off: To speak frankly.
pop off: To release flatulence, generally in short rapid succession.
pop off: To thrust away, or put off promptly.
pop off: To turn off.
pop off: To perform extremely well (in a video game or other activity).
charmed: simple past and past participle of charm
betting: present participle and gerund of bet
overdid: simple past of overdo
feel up: To grope someone, especially someone's breasts, in a sexual manner.
outback: To travel or stay in the outback
howling: present participle and gerund of howl
spaying: present participle and gerund of spay
labored: simple past and past participle of labor
wheeled: simple past and past participle of wheel
nursing: present participle and gerund of nurse
astound: To astonish, bewilder or dazzle.
drifted: simple past and past participle of drift
sinuate: To advance in wavy or curvy manner, to bend, to curve, to wind in and out
docking: present participle and gerund of dock
pull-up: To do a pull-up or pull oneself up similarly.
eschews: third-person singular simple present indicative of eschew
battles: third-person singular simple present indicative of battle
labours: third-person singular simple present indicative of labour
phrases: third-person singular simple present indicative of phrase
pull up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pull, up.
pull up: To lift upwards or vertically.
pull up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pull, up.
pull up: To pull forward.
pull up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pull, up.
pull up: To raise the nose of an aircraft.
pull up: To fetch for display on a screen.
pull up: To arrive at a halt; to approach and stop at a particular point.
pull up: To arrive at a halt; to approach and stop at a particular point.
pull up: To travel somewhere, especially to meet someone else; to come to.
pull up: To cause (a horse) to stop when riding.
pull up: To cause (a person) to stop.
pull up: To admonish or criticize someone for their actions.
pull up: To intentionally take a racehorse out of a race, usually as a result of the horse's tiredness or concerns of potential injury (in reference to the act of pulling up the reins).
pull up: To improve; to get better; to lift one's game.
pull up: To fare after a party, an illness, or a strenuous effort; to attempt to recover.
attends: third-person singular simple present indicative of attend
hitting: present participle and gerund of hit
watches: third-person singular simple present indicative of watch
crinkle: To fold, crease, crumple, or wad.
crinkle: To rustle, as stiff cloth when moved.
laurels: third-person singular simple present indicative of laurel
layaway: To place items on hold with a deposit at a merchant's.
lashing: present participle and gerund of lash
push-up: To perform a push-up, or to lift oneself off the ground in a push-up-like manner.
fossick: To search for something; to rummage.
fossick: To elicit information; to ferret out.
fossick: To search for something; to rummage.
fossick: To search for gems, gold, etc., on the surface or in abandoned workings.
fossick: To search for something; to rummage.
fossick: To be troublesome.
looting: present participle and gerund of loot
usurped: simple past and past participle of usurp
logging: present participle and gerund of log
slewing: present participle and gerund of slew
appeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of appeal
mickeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of mickey
lipread: To determine what a person is saying by watching how their lips move.
beshrew: To invoke or wish evil upon; to curse.
beshrew: An imperative uttered as a mildly imprecatory or merely expletive introductory exclamation.
slanted: simple past and past participle of slant
chasten: To make chaste.
chasten: To chastize; to punish or reprimand for the sake of improvement.
chasten: To render humble or restrained.
chip in: To make a contribution; help in a small way; especially, to pay for a part of something.
chip in: To contribute.
chip in: To ante; to put into the pot the amount of chips or money required to continue.
chip in: To interrupt a discussion for the purpose of making a comment.
chip in: To put a chip shot in the hole.
dastard: To dastardize.
whaling: present participle and gerund of whale
attired: simple past and past participle of attire
striped: simple past and past participle of stripe
pegging: present participle and gerund of peg
bespoil: To spoil or pollute.
enslave: To make subservient; to strip one of freedom; enthrall.
hearken: To hear (something) with attention; to have regard to (something).
hearken: To listen; to attend or give heed to what is uttered; to hear with attention, compliance, or obedience.
hearken: To enquire; to seek information.
inclose: Alternative form of enclose
seclude: To shut off or keep apart, as from company, society, etc.; withdraw (oneself) from society or into solitude.
seclude: To shut or keep out; exclude; preclude.
litters: third-person singular simple present indicative of litter
marquee: To select (an object or region) with the marquee selection tool.
marquee: To display text prominently at the top, as in a video. i.e. The text was marqueed at the end of the presentation. Marquee it.
gateway: To make available via a gateway, or access point.
smother: To suffocate; stifle; obstruct, more or less completely, the respiration of something or someone.
smother: To extinguish or deaden, as fire, by covering, overlaying, or otherwise excluding the air.
smother: To reduce to a low degree of vigor or activity; suppress or do away with; extinguish
smother: To cook in a close dish.
smother: To daub or smear.
smother: To be suffocated.
smother: To breathe with great difficulty by reason of smoke, dust, close covering or wrapping, or the like.
smother: to burn very slowly for want of air; smolder.
smother: to perish, grow feeble, or decline, by suppression or concealment; be stifled; be suppressed or concealed.
smother: To get in the way of a kick of the ball.
smother: To get in the way of a kick of the ball, preventing it going very far. When a player is kicking the ball, an opponent who is close enough will reach out with his hands and arms to get over the top of it, so the ball hits his hands after leaving the kicker's boot, dribbling away.
smother: To prevent the development of an opponent's attack by one's arm positioning.
motions: third-person singular simple present indicative of motion
praying: present participle and gerund of pray
applied: simple past and past participle of apply
amusing: present participle and gerund of amuse
wailing: present participle and gerund of wail
strands: third-person singular simple present indicative of strand
quaffed: simple past and past participle of quaff
armored: simple past and past participle of armor
bullock: To bully.
stopper: To close a container by using a stopper.
corrade: To gnaw into; to wear away
corrade: To erode through physical or mechanical (rather than chemical) means, as the bed of a stream.
corrade: To scrape or rake together; to accumulate laboriously.
cutlass: To cut back (vegetation) with a cutlass.
travois: To transport (someone or something) by means of a travois.
travois: To use a travois to transport a load.
betoken: To signify by some visible object; show by signs or tokens.
betoken: To foreshow by present signs; indicate something future by that which is seen or known.
anodize: to coat the surface of a metal electrolytically with an oxide, either as protection or decoration
spatter: To splash (someone or something) with small droplets.
spatter: To cover, or lie upon (something) by having been scattered, as if by splashing.
spatter: To distribute (a liquid) by sprinkling; to sprinkle around.
spatter: To send out or disperse (something) as if in droplets.
spatter: To send out small droplets; to splash in small droplets (on or against something).
spatter: To injure by aspersion; to defame.
drywall: To install and finish drywall.
acquist: To acquire.
call on: To visit (a person); to pay a call to.
call on: To select (a student in a classroom, etc.) to provide an answer.
call on: To request or ask something of (a person); to select for a task.
call on: To have recourse to.
call on: To correct; to point out an error or untruth.
auscult: Synonym of auscultate
prepone: To reschedule to a time earlier than the current scheduled time.
look on: To watch; to observe without participating.
look on: To think of something in a particular way.
sloshed: simple past of slosh
sloshed: past participle of slosh
lilting: present participle and gerund of lilt
jeopard: To put in jeopardy; to expose to loss or injury
mullion: To shape into divisions by means of mullions.
outspan: To release oxen from harness.
stopple: To plug; to stop up.
errands: third-person singular simple present indicative of errand
gurning: present participle and gerund of gurn
baskets: third-person singular simple present indicative of basket
whicker: Of a horse, to neigh softly, to make a breathy whinny.
shamble: To walk while shuffling or dragging the feet.
vitrify: To convert into glass or a glass-like substance by heat and fusion.
vitrify: To be converted into glass, especially through heat.
peppers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pepper
buckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of buckle
slip up: To err, falter; to make a mistake, especially a seemingly small error.
debited: simple past and past participle of debit
bunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunch
latches: third-person singular simple present indicative of latch
tackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tackle
ingrain: To dye with a fast or lasting colour.
ingrain: To make (something) deeply part of something else.
wreaths: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreath
scissor: To cut using, or as if using, scissors.
scissor: To excise or expunge something from a text.
scissor: To reproduce (text) as an excerpt, copy.
scissor: To move something like a pair of scissors, especially the legs.
scissor: To engage in scissoring (tribadism), a sexual act in which two women intertwine their legs and rub their vulvas against each other.
scissor: To skate with one foot significantly in front of the other.
blaming: present participle and gerund of blame
cowboys: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowboy
rooting: present participle and gerund of root
cleaned: simple past and past participle of clean
brewing: present participle and gerund of brew
stickle: To act as referee or arbiter; to mediate.
stickle: To argue or struggle for.
stickle: To raise objections; to argue stubbornly, especially over minor or trivial matters.
stickle: To separate, as combatants; hence, to quiet, to appease, as disputants.
stickle: To intervene in; to stop, or put an end to, by intervening.
stickle: To separate combatants by intervening.
stickle: To contend, contest, or altercate, especially in a pertinacious manner on insufficient grounds.
dimpled: simple past and past participle of dimple
babbitt: To line (something) with babbitt metal to reduce friction.
skiving: present participle and gerund of skive
whining: present participle and gerund of whine
vulgate: To publish, spread, promulgate to the people.
shoving: present participle and gerund of shove
clangor: Canada, US standard spelling of clangour.
boogied: simple past and past participle of boogie
root up: To dig or pull up by the roots; to deracinate.
swaying: present participle and gerund of sway
kicking: present participle and gerund of kick
crimped: simple past and past participle of crimp
hoisted: simple past and past participle of hoist
bullies: third-person singular simple present indicative of bully
banking: present participle and gerund of bank
poleaxe: To fell someone with, or as if with, a poleaxe.
poleaxe: To astonish; to shock or surprise utterly.
poleaxe: To stymie, thwart, cripple, paralyze.
guttate: To exude drops of xylem sap on the edges of leaves.
stonish: Alternative form of astonish
convoke: To convene, to cause to assemble for a meeting.
convoke: To call together.
suspire: To breathe.
suspire: To exhale.
suspire: To sigh.
griddle: To cook on a griddle.
respire: To breathe in and out successively.
respire: To breathe in and out successively.
respire: To recover one's breath or breathe easily following stress.
respire: To take up oxygen and produce carbon dioxide through oxidation.
respire: To (inhale and) exhale; to breathe.
respire: To recover hope, courage, or strength after a time of difficulty.
inhumed: simple past and past participle of inhume
teaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of teach
calleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of call
condole: To express sympathetic sorrow; to lament in sympathy (with someone on something).
condole: To condole with (someone).
condole: To say in an expression of sympathy.
condole: To lament, grieve, bemoan (something).
buy out: to purchase the entire stock or extent of something
buy out: to purchase the ownership of a company
buy out: To close someone's contract by paying him or her a sum of money, the terms of which are often stated in the contract itself.
buy out: To gain release for (a person) from military service by payment of money.
vaulted: simple past and past participle of vault
worries: third-person singular simple present indicative of worry
sliding: present participle and gerund of slide
thizzin: present participle of thizz
buycott: To support (a company, country, etc.) by buying its products.
liquify: Alternative form of liquefy
rimming: present participle and gerund of rim
splotch: To mark with splotches.
crankle: To bend, turn, or wind.
crankle: To break into bends, turns, or angles; to crinkle.
divided: simple past and past participle of divide
scoring: present participle and gerund of score
let off: To cause to explode or come out; to release.
let off: To forgive and not punish.
caravan: To travel in a caravan (procession).
caravan: To travel and/or live in a caravan (vehicle).
defects: third-person singular simple present indicative of defect
kenning: present participle and gerund of ken.
fetched: simple past and past participle of fetch
spooked: simple past and past participle of spook
insured: simple past and past participle of insure
fulmine: To thunder or lightning.
fulmine: To utter with authority or vehemence; fulminate.
explant: To remove something, such as a medical device, that has been implanted.
jellies: third-person singular simple present indicative of jelly
fill up: To make (something) completely full.
fill up: To fill the tank of a vehicle with fuel.
fill up: To become completely full.
fill up: To become tearful as a result of strong emotion.
fill up: To annoy, or displease, by taunting, or by excessive nagging.
fill up: To satisfy the hunger of (someone).
fill up: To satisfy one's hunger; to stop being hungry.
fill up: To make a full house on the turn or the river.
fill up: To fill in / fill out a form etc.
flexure: To introduce a flexure into; to bend or flex.
bog off: To leave, to go away.
log off: Synonym of log out.
log off: To depart from any conversation, online or in person; to say goodbye.
engines: third-person singular simple present indicative of engine
evolved: simple past and past participle of evolve
witting: present participle and gerund of wit
reneged: simple past and past participle of renege
decrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of decree
concoct: To prepare something by mixing various ingredients, especially to prepare food for cooking.
concoct: To contrive something using skill or ingenuity.
concoct: To digest.
enacted: simple past and past participle of enact
fearing: present participle and gerund of fear
plugged: simple past and past participle of plug
wouldst: second-person singular simple past indicative of will
snortle: To give a hearty laugh that is punctuated by a snort on the inhale.
wingman: To act as a wingman for (someone); to accompany in order to provide support.
frizzle: To fry something until crisp and curled.
frizzle: To scorch.
frizzle: To fry noisily, sizzle.
frizzle: To curl or crisp, as hair; to frizz; to crinkle.
alleged: simple past and past participle of allege
rugburn: To cause a rugburn to form.
alluded: simple past and past participle of allude
castles: third-person singular simple present indicative of castle
tenants: third-person singular simple present indicative of tenant
sleeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleeve
sealion: To intrude on a conversation with disingenuous questions in an attempt to engage in unwanted debate as a form of harassment.
ransack: To loot or pillage. See also sack.
ransack: To make a vigorous and thorough search of (a place, person) with a view to stealing something, especially when leaving behind a state of disarray.
ransack: To examine carefully; to investigate.
ransack: To violate; to ravish; to deflower.
rat run: To drive through residential streets to avoid congestion on the main roads.
suffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of suffer
defiled: simple past and past participle of defile
cousins: third-person singular simple present indicative of cousin
glaring: present participle and gerund of glare
fetters: third-person singular simple present indicative of fetter
showers: third-person singular simple present indicative of shower
enraged: simple past and past participle of enrage
mottled: simple past and past participle of mottle
excuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of excuse
chilled: simple past of chill
flexing: present participle and gerund of flex
shifted: simple past and past participle of shift
palling: present participle and gerund of pall
palling: present participle and gerund of pal
starved: simple past and past participle of starve
scented: simple past and past participle of scent
slaying: present participle and gerund of slay
do time: To spend time in prison (as a prisoner).
teeming: present participle and gerund of teem
renders: third-person singular simple present indicative of render
hot box: Alternative form of hotbox
pending: present participle and gerund of pend
scuffed: past participle of scuff
mortify: To discipline (one's body, appetites etc.) by suppressing desires; to practise abstinence on.
mortify: To embarrass, to humiliate. To injure one's dignity.
mortify: To kill.
mortify: To reduce the potency of; to nullify; to deaden, neutralize.
mortify: To kill off (living tissue etc.); to make necrotic.
mortify: To affect with vexation, chagrin, or humiliation; to humble; to depress.
mortify: To grant in mortmain.
mortify: To lose vitality.
mortify: To gangrene.
mortify: To be subdued.
hoedown: To dance a hoedown dance
set out: To explain something, or give exact details, usually in writing.
set out: To go out, leave.
set out: To start an activity with the intention of finishing it.
set out: To position, to put in a position
hissing: present participle and gerund of hiss
frazzle: To fray or wear down, especially at the edges.
frazzle: To drain emotionally or physically.
remotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remote
diesels: third-person singular simple present indicative of diesel
martyrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of martyr
ferrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of ferret
pleases: third-person singular simple present indicative of please
relates: third-person singular simple present indicative of relate
barbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of barber
dumping: present participle and gerund of dump
ensigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensign
cursors: third-person singular simple present indicative of cursor
gerbils: third-person singular simple present indicative of gerbil
patrons: third-person singular simple present indicative of patron
mommies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mommy
bonsais: third-person singular simple present indicative of bonsai
mirages: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirage
plights: third-person singular simple present indicative of plight
frights: third-person singular simple present indicative of fright
hazards: third-person singular simple present indicative of hazard
rallies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rally
tallies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tally
shivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of shiver
stymies: third-person singular simple present indicative of stymie
winches: third-person singular simple present indicative of winch
misfits: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfit
boogies: third-person singular simple present indicative of boogie
lassoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lasso
billets: third-person singular simple present indicative of billet
whinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of whinge
patents: third-person singular simple present indicative of patent
revises: third-person singular simple present indicative of revise
triples: third-person singular simple present indicative of triple
lobbies: third-person singular simple present indicative of lobby
birdies: third-person singular simple present indicative of birdie
loafers: third-person singular simple present indicative of loafer
carnies: third-person singular simple present indicative of carny
garbled: simple past and past participle of garble
rations: third-person singular simple present indicative of ration
recheck: To check again.
sautéed: simple past and past participle of sauté
sautéed: simple past and past participle of sautée
emptied: simple past and past participle of empty
adjusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjust
groaned: simple past and past participle of groan
coupled: simple past and past participle of couple
flambés: third-person singular simple present indicative of flambé
blanked: simple past and past participle of blank
tossing: present participle and gerund of toss
parboil: To boil food briefly so that it is partly cooked.
blended: simple past and past participle of blend
scripts: third-person singular simple present indicative of script
bruised: simple past and past participle of bruise
sighing: present participle and gerund of sigh
tapping: present participle and gerund of tap
ennoble: To bestow with nobility, honour or grace.
ennoble: To perform on a fabric the industrial processes of dry-cleaning, printing and embossing, and sizing and finishing.
sorting: present participle and gerund of sort
dish up: To serve (cooked food); to take (food) from the oven, pots, etc. and put in dishes to be served at table.
dish up: To produce for an audience.
revised: simple past and past participle of revise
scratch: To rub a surface with a sharp object, especially by a living creature to remove itching with nails, claws, etc.
scratch: To rub the skin with rough material causing a sensation of irritation; to cause itching.
scratch: To rub the skin with rough material causing a sensation of irritation; to cause itching.
scratch: To irritate someone's skin with one's unshaven beard when kissing.
scratch: To mark a surface with a sharp object, thereby leaving a scratch (noun).
scratch: to get such scratches
scratch: To cross out, strike out, strike through some text on a page.
scratch: To cross out, strike out, strike through some text on a page.
scratch: Hence, to remove, ignore, or delete.
scratch: To produce a distinctive sound on a turntable by moving a vinyl record back and forth while manipulating the crossfader (see also scratching).
scratch: To commit a foul in pool, as where the cue ball is put into a pocket or jumps off the table.
scratch: To score, not by skillful play but by some fortunate chance of the game.
scratch: To write or draw hastily or awkwardly; scrawl.
scratch: To dig or excavate with the claws.
scratch: To dig or scrape (a person's skin) with claws or fingernails in self-defense or with the intention to injure.
scratch: To announce one's non-participation in a race or sports event part of a larger sports meeting that they were previously signed up for, usually in lieu of another event at the same meeting.
call in: To communicate with a base etc, by telephone.
call in: To report; communicate (a message) by telephone or similar.
call in: To pay a short visit.
call in: To summon someone, especially for help or advice.
call in: To withdraw something from sale or circulation.
swaddle: To bind (a baby) with long narrow strips of cloth.
swaddle: To beat; cudgel.
set off: To leave; to set out; to begin a journey or trip.
set off: To begin; to cause; to initiate.
set off: To cause to explode, let off.
set off: To put into an angry mood; to start (a person) ranting or sulking, etc.
set off: To enhance by emphasizing differences.
set off: To offset, to compensate for: to reduce the effect of, by having a contrary effect.
set off: To deface or soil the next sheet; said of the ink on a freshly printed sheet, when another sheet comes in contact with it before it has had time to dry.
crawled: simple past and past participle of crawl
applies: third-person singular simple present indicative of apply
dinners: third-person singular simple present indicative of dinner
flashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flash
intends: third-person singular simple present indicative of intend
resided: simple past and past participle of reside
stabbed: simple past and past participle of stab
gleamed: simple past and past participle of gleam
waivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of waiver
hammers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hammer
watered: simple past and past participle of water
hike up: To lift; to tug or pull upwards.
hike up: To raise or increase sharply; to hike.
needles: third-person singular simple present indicative of needle
bone up: To study or cram, especially in order to refresh one's knowledge of a topic.
home in: To draw close to a destination, especially using radar; to move towards a target.
home in: To focus or narrow down to something; to find, draw closer or move towards, as by trial and error or a gradual seeking process.
widowed: simple past and past participle of widow
lock up: To imprison or incarcerate (someone).
lock up: To invest in something long term.
lock up: To close all doors and windows (of a place) securely.
lock up: To cease responding; to freeze.
lock up: To cause (a program) to cease responding or to freeze.
lock up: To stop moving; to seize.
lock up: To stop moving; to seize.
lock up: To stop spinning due to excessive braking torque.
lock up: To lose one's forward momentum; to freeze.
lock up: To (mistakenly) cause or have one of one's wheels to lock up (stop spinning).
lock up: To travel through a flight of locks on a waterway in an uphill direction.
dummies: third-person singular simple present indicative of dummy
shafted: simple past and past participle of shaft
sputter: To emit saliva or spit from the mouth in small, scattered portions, as in rapid speaking.
sputter: To speak so rapidly as to emit saliva; to utter words hastily and indistinctly, with a spluttering sound, as in rage.
sputter: To throw out anything, as little jets of steam, with a noise like that made by one sputtering.
sputter: To cause surface atoms or electrons of a solid to be ejected by bombarding it with heavy atoms or ions.
sputter: To coat the surface of an object by sputtering.
rhyming: present participle and gerund of rhyme
keepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep
knoweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of know
notched: simple past and past participle of notch
packrat: To hoard things.
opiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of opiate
fallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of fallow
fulling: present participle and gerund of full: To make cloth denser and firmer.
reminds: third-person singular simple present indicative of remind
renamed: simple past and past participle of rename
suction: To create an imbalance in pressure between one space and another in order to draw matter between the spaces.
suction: To draw out the contents of a space.
looketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of look
knowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of know
sitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit
hoofing: present participle and gerund of hoof
cinched: simple past and past participle of cinch
shading: present participle and gerund of shade
hoof it: To walk, especially when as a result of regular transportation being unavailable.
hoof it: To dance.
hoof it: To depart; scram.
natures: third-person singular simple present indicative of nature
peering: present participle and gerund of peer
cinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cinch
beareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bear
abideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abide
heareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hear
findeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of find
feareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fear
leadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lead
seeketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of seek
passeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pass
worketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of work
sheweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shew
walketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of walk
tissues: third-person singular simple present indicative of tissue
seemeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seem
sinneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sin
casteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cast
humbled: simple past and past participle of humble
nitrify: To treat, or react with nitrogen or a nitrogen-containing compound.
nitrify: To convert ammonia or similar compound to a nitrate by oxidation, especially by the action of a microorganism.
nitrify: To become nitre.
curseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of curse
driveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drive
feedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of feed
floweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flow
squares: third-person singular simple present indicative of square
keep at: To persist in.
keep at: To constrain (a person) to continue doing (a task).
ensuing: present participle and gerund of ensue
oxidise: Alternative spelling of oxidize
lambing: present participle and gerund of lamb
oxidate: To oxidize.
brattle: To rattle; to make a scampering noise.
updated: simple past and past participle of update
exerted: simple past and past participle of exert
fainted: simple past and past participle of faint
chooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of choose
denying: present participle and gerund of deny
raining: present participle and gerund of rain
strides: third-person singular simple present indicative of stride
expired: simple past and past participle of expire
groweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grow
falleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fall
holdeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hold
hangeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hang
despoil: To plunder; to pillage; take spoil from.
despoil: To violently strip (someone), with indirect object of their possessions etc.; to rob.
despoil: To strip (someone) of their clothes; to undress.
outworn: past participle of outwear
decayed: simple past and past participle of decay
philter: To impregnate or mix with a love potion.
philter: To charm to love; to excite to love or sexual desire by a potion.
chipper: To chirp or chirrup.
shilled: simple past and past participle of shill
adulate: To flatter effusively.
linking: present participle and gerund of link
lignify: To become wood.
lignify: To develop woody tissue as a result of incrustation of lignin during secondary growth.
lignify: To become rigid or fixed, like something made of wood.
lignify: To turn into wood; to make ligneous.
wait up: To stay awake waiting for somebody to return.
wait up: To wait.
toiling: present participle and gerund of toil
ranting: present participle and gerund of rant
staddle: To form staddles of hay.
staddle: To mark a sapling to be spared during a cut down of trees.
penning: present participle and gerund of pen
keyword: To tag with keywords, as for example to facilitate searching.
adjudge: To declare to be.
adjudge: To deem or determine to be.
adjudge: To award judicially; to assign.
adjudge: To sentence; to condemn.
compeer: To be equal with; to match.
Miranda: To read (somebody) their rights on arrest as set out in Miranda v Arizona.
seethes: third-person singular simple present indicative of seethe
itemize: To state in items, or by particulars
dogsled: to ride on a dogsled
dogsled: to race dogsleds
unified: simple past and past participle of unify
cool it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cool, it.
cool it: Calm down, relax, take a time out.
revered: simple past and past participle of revere
swither: To be indecisive or in a state of confusion; to dither.
swither: To move or swing about.
arrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrive
jimmies: third-person singular simple present indicative of jimmy
dubbing: present participle and gerund of dub
voyages: third-person singular simple present indicative of voyage
crampon: To walk or climb using crampons.
angling: present participle and gerund of angle
picquet: Archaic form of picket.
shimmer: To shine tremulously or intermittently; to gleam faintly.
bracing: present participle and gerund of brace
flitter: To scatter in pieces.
flitter: To move about rapidly and nimbly.
flitter: To move quickly from one condition or location to another.
flitter: To flutter or quiver.
fuel up: To eat hurriedly in order to do something more interesting.
gamming: present participle and gerund of gam
defeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of defeat
clouded: simple past and past participle of cloud
allarme: Obsolete spelling of alarm
grasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of grass
dazzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dazzle
hot bed: Reusing sleeping quarters in shifts.
hot bed: To farm using hotbeds for season extension.
dazzled: simple past and past participle of dazzle
hotfoot: To run (a distance).
trimmed: simple past and past participle of trim
burdens: third-person singular simple present indicative of burden
shellac: To coat with shellac.
shellac: To beat; to thrash.
shellac: To inflict a heavy defeat upon.
jostled: simple past and past participle of jostle
perched: simple past and past participle of perch
contour: To form a more or less curved boundary or border upon.
contour: To mark with contour lines.
contour: To practise the makeup technique of contouring.
tyrants: third-person singular simple present indicative of tyrant
wail on: Alternative form of whale on
creamed: simple past and past participle of cream
slacken: To gradually decrease in intensity or tautness; to become slack.
slacken: To make slack, less taut, or less intense.
slacken: To deprive of cohesion by combining chemically with water; to slake.
shitten: past participle of shit
shitten: past participle of shite
spiders: third-person singular simple present indicative of spider
refuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of refuse
sparing: present participle and gerund of spare
orgasms: third-person singular simple present indicative of orgasm
tensing: present participle and gerund of tense
periwig: To dress with a periwig, or with false hair; to bewig.
follies: third-person singular simple present indicative of folly
sainted: simple past and past participle of saint
vamoose: To run away (from); to flee.
vamoose: To hurry.
huckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of huckle
dripped: simple past and past participle of drip
nogging: present participle and gerund of nog
idolize: To make an idol of, or to worship as an idol.
idolize: To adore excessively; to revere immoderately.
skinned: simple past and past participle of skin
swonken: past participle of swink
fledged: simple past and past participle of fledge
stripes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stripe
prickle: To feel a prickle.
prickle: To cause (someone) to feel a prickle; to prick.
dragges: third-person singular simple present indicative of dragge
sprouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprout
seating: present participle and gerund of seat
whip up: To produce (something) quickly, especially food.
whip up: To beat (stir) (a liquid) quickly so to introduce air and form foam.
whip up: To arouse or excite.
whip up: To lift or snatch up suddenly.
upskill: To teach (someone) additional skills, especially as an alternative to redundancy (firing).
upskill: To acquire such additional skills.
make it: To succeed in doing something, for example in reaching a place, going somewhere, attending an event, arriving in time for something, adding to one's schedule or itinerary, or in getting where one wants to be in one's life or career, which sometimes means becoming or wanting to become successful (succeed in a big way) or famous.
make it: To succeed in surviving, in living through something.
make it: To have sexual intercourse.
make it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see make, it.
come to: To recover consciousness after fainting etc.
come to: To stop a sailing vessel, especially by turning into the wind. See also come about.
come to: To total; to amount to.
come to: To reach; to arrive at.
come to: To seek help from.
come to: To devote attention to in due course; to come around to.
come to: To befall; to happen to; to come upon.
come to: To regard or specifically pertain to.
come to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see come, to.
attaint: To subject to attainder; to condemn (someone) to death and extinction of all civil rights.
attaint: To subject to calumny; to accuse of a crime or dishonour.
attaint: To taint; to corrupt, sully.
shelved: simple past and past participle of shelve
expects: third-person singular simple present indicative of expect
frowned: simple past and past participle of frown
ejected: simple past and past participle of eject
delevel: To demote, or be demoted, to a lower level.
catches: third-person singular simple present indicative of catch
handing: present participle and gerund of hand
log out: To exit a user account in a computer system, so that one is not recognized until signing in again.
obeying: present participle and gerund of obey
teasing: present participle and gerund of tease
fastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fast
enlists: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlist
medaled: simple past and past participle of medal
souffle: Alternative spelling of soufflé
crabbed: simple past and past participle of crab
meaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mean
killeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of kill
openeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of open
putteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of put
sendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of send
setteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of set
shineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shine
serveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of serve
glowing: present participle and gerund of glow
wronged: simple past and past participle of wrong
tintype: To produce a tintype image of.
turneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of turn
wanteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of want
wanders: third-person singular simple present indicative of wander
decreed: simple past and past participle of decree
tonsure: To shave the crown of the head as a sign of humility and religious vocation.
unheard: simple past and past participle of unhear
requite: To repay (a debt owed); specifically, to recompense or reward someone for (a favour, a service rendered, etc.)
requite: To repay (someone) a debt owed; specifically, to recompense or reward (someone) for a favour, a service rendered, etc.
requite: To respond to or reciprocate (feelings, especially affection or love which has been shown).
requite: To do or give a thing in return for (something).
requite: To retaliate or seek revenge for (an insult, a wrong, etc.).; to avenge.
requite: To retaliate or seek revenge against (someone) for an insult, a wrong, etc.; also (reflexive, rare), to seek revenge for (oneself).
requite: To greet (someone) in return.
requite: To make up for (something); to compensate.
requite: To respond to (a question, a statement, etc.).
requite: To take the place of (someone or something); to replace.
requite: Of an action, a quality, etc.: to be a reward for (itself).
requite: To recompense, to repay.
requite: To retaliate, to seek revenge.
calcify: To make or become hard and stony by impregnating with calcium salts.
calcify: To make or become rigid or inflexible; to ossify.
jellied: simple past and past participle of jelly
roulade: To sing an elaborate embellishment of several notes to one syllable.
pisseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of piss
wig out: To become extremely emotional or excitable; to lose control of one's emotions.
wig out: To behave in an extremely erratic or irrational manner; to lose one's mind.
wig out: To cause to become extremely emotional or excitable.
clarion: To announce or herald (something) using a clarion (noun sense 1).
clarion: To announce or herald (something) using a clarion (noun sense 1).
clarion: To announce or herald (something) clearly, especially so as to stir or unite people.
clarion: Of a thing: to cause (a place) to echo with a sound like that of a clarion.
clarion: To sound a clarion; also, to make a high-pitched, piercing sound like that of a clarion.
stifled: simple past and past participle of stifle
sticken: past participle of stick
slatted: simple past and past participle of slat
tilleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of till
bloweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blow
cribbed: simple past and past participle of crib
gossips: third-person singular simple present indicative of gossip
builded: Alternative form of built; simple past and past participle of build
chorrin: present participle of chor
instill: To cause a quality to become part of someone's nature.
instill: To pour in (medicine, for example) drop by drop.
jockeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of jockey
charver: To have sex with; to fuck.
hitched: simple past and past participle of hitch
calcine: To heat (a substance) to remove its impurities and refine it.
calcine: To heat (a substance) without melting in order to drive off water, etc., and to oxidize or reduce it; specifically, to decompose (carbonates) into oxides, and, especially, to heat (limestone) to form quicklime.
calcine: To heat (something) to dry and sterilize it.
calcine: To purify or refine (something).
calcine: To burn up (something) completely; to incinerate; hence, to destroy (something).
calcine: Of a substance: to undergo heating so as to oxidize it.
come up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see come, up.
come up: To come towards, to approach.
come up: To emerge or become known, especially unexpectedly.
come up: To come to attention, present itself; to arrive or appear.
come up: To appear (before a judge or court).
come up: To draw near in time.
come up: To rise (above the horizon).
come up: To begin to feel the effects of a recreational drug.
come up: To arrive at the university. (Compare go down, send down.)
beg off: To obtain somebody's permission to skip or cancel an event that one has previously arranged with them.
choking: present participle and gerund of choke
combust: To burn; to catch fire.
combust: To erupt with enthusiasm or boisterousness.
nappies: third-person singular simple present indicative of nappy
felches: third-person singular simple present indicative of felch
sugared: simple past and past participle of sugar
cleaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleave
caliper: To use calipers to measure the size of.
nocking: present participle and gerund of nock
plunked: simple past and past participle of plunk
snapper: To stumble, to trip.
snapper: To fall into error; to make a mistake, and especially to stumble morally.
impales: third-person singular simple present indicative of impale
dabbled: simple past and past participle of dabble
dabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dabble
chorred: simple past and past participle of chor
cramped: simple past and past participle of cramp
parches: third-person singular simple present indicative of parch
defused: simple past and past participle of defuse
navvies: third-person singular simple present indicative of navvy
trucked: simple past and past participle of truck
demeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of demean
enquire: To make an enquiry.
enquire: To ask about (something).
deletes: third-person singular simple present indicative of delete
empties: third-person singular simple present indicative of empty
directs: third-person singular simple present indicative of direct
devotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of devote
defiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of defile
rambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ramble
flanked: simple past and past participle of flank
fielded: simple past and past participle of field
snagged: simple past and past participle of snag
feigned: simple past and past participle of feign
jarring: present participle and gerund of jar
caracol: Alternative spelling of caracole
divides: third-person singular simple present indicative of divide
bedecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedeck
drafted: simple past and past participle of draft
narcing: present participle and gerund of narc
toasted: simple past and past participle of toast
unloved: simple past and past participle of unlove
air out: To expose to air; to leave open or spread out, as to allow odor or moisture to dissipate.
air out: To discuss in the open; to address an issue or conflict that has long been avoided.
air out: To throw passes, especially long and high passes.
barrels: third-person singular simple present indicative of barrel
strains: third-person singular simple present indicative of strain
humours: third-person singular simple present indicative of humour
tramped: simple past and past participle of tramp
deified: simple past and past participle of deify
devived: simple past and past participle of devive
rewards: third-person singular simple present indicative of reward
reputed: simple past and past participle of repute
mommick: To harass or bother (someone or something).
mommick: To beat up or rough up (someone).
mommick: To mess up; to bungle or ruin by bungling.
jabbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of jabber
soaking: present participle and gerund of soak
jackets: third-person singular simple present indicative of jacket
nuances: third-person singular simple present indicative of nuance
opiated: simple past and past participle of opiate
come on: To encounter, discover; to come upon.
come on: To appear on a stage or in a performance.
come on: To be broadcast (through a device), or (of a broadcast) to begin playing.
come on: To progress, to develop.
come on: To activate; to turn on.
come on: To show sexual or relational interest through words or sometimes actions.
come on: To get one's period, start menstruating.
come on: To enter the playing field.
come on: Elaboration of come (in the sense of move towards the speaker or other focus), emphasising motion or progress, or conveying a nuance of familiarity or encouragement.
come on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see come, on.
nuanced: simple past and past participle of nuance
jig-jig: to have sex
readest: second-person singular simple present indicative of read
readest: second-person singular simple past indicative of read
issuing: present participle and gerund of issue
purples: third-person singular simple present indicative of purple
rending: present participle and gerund of rend
readeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of read
worsted: simple past and past participle of worst
rivaled: simple past and past participle of rival
nibbled: simple past and past participle of nibble
shields: third-person singular simple present indicative of shield. Protects
cowhide: To flog with a cowhide.
imaging: present participle and gerund of image
pillory: To put in a pillory.
pillory: To subject to humiliation, scorn, ridicule or abuse.
pillory: To criticize harshly.
kayaked: simple past and past participle of kayak
chummed: simple past and past participle of chum
rock up: To turn up at a place or function spontaneously or unexpectedly, without notice or prior warning.
rock up: To work one's way vertically up a chimney or cleft using a rocking movement.
rock up: To turn powder cocaine into crack cocaine by cooking.
mirrour: Archaic spelling of mirror.
cast on: To start the first row of knitting by putting stitches on a needle.
scorify: To reduce (an ore) to scoria.
kayfabe: To maintain kayfabe, to deceive by staying in character.
cornice: To furnish or decorate with a cornice.
sneered: simple past and past participle of sneer
swedged: simple past and past participle of swedge
preload: To load in advance (used especially in reference to software installed on a computer prior to sale).
preload: To drink (cheaper) alcohol at home before going out socially.
symport: To simultaneously transport molecules of different substances through a membrane.
unveils: third-person singular simple present indicative of unveil
bunning: present participle and gerund of bun
tailing: present participle and gerund of tail
striate: To mark something with striations.
texting: present participle and gerund of text
amounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of amount
yarring: present participle and gerund of yarr
tapered: simple past and past participle of taper
weights: third-person singular simple present indicative of weight
unladen: past participle of unlade
wattled: simple past and past participle of wattle
dragnet: To drag a net across the bottom of a body of water.
dragnet: To make heightened efforts to catch a suspect.
averred: simple past and past participle of aver
rock on: To party to music, especially rock, or to continue to perform any such music; to maintain a lifestyle in keeping with, or inspired by, youth rock culture.
whipsaw: To operate a whipsaw.
whipsaw: To cause (a trader) to lose potential profit by buying shares just before the price falls, or by selling them just before the price rises.
whipsaw: To defeat someone in two different ways at once.
whipsaw: Of a trade union: to coerce employers into capitulating by bringing them the news that other (more easily convinced) employers have already done so.
whipsaw: To accept bribes from multiple parties at once, with the intent of letting down one or more of them.
recited: simple past and past participle of recite
blotted: simple past and past participle of blot
offline: To take (a system, etc.) offline; to demote from an active or online state.
punched: simple past and past participle of punch
lurking: present participle and gerund of lurk
cheated: simple past and past participle of cheat
foaming: present participle and gerund of foam
grinned: simple past and past participle of grin
renting: present participle and gerund of rent
seduced: simple past and past participle of seduce
sighted: simple past and past participle of sight
mending: present participle and gerund of mend
fathoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of fathom
bulging: present participle and gerund of bulge
benches: third-person singular simple present indicative of bench
matured: simple past and past participle of mature
pausing: present participle and gerund of pause
tanning: present participle and gerund of tan
framing: present participle and gerund of frame
awarded: simple past and past participle of award
gasping: present participle and gerund of gasp
winking: present participle and gerund of wink
broiled: simple past and past participle of broil
slowing: present participle and gerund of slow
tipping: present participle and gerund of tip
itching: present participle and gerund of itch
angered: simple past and past participle of anger
rotting: present participle and gerund of rot
burying: present participle and gerund of bury
rearing: present participle and gerund of rear
hatched: simple past and past participle of hatch
knotted: simple past and past participle of knot
spilled: simple past and past participle of spill
glazing: present participle and gerund of glaze
peaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of peach
roasted: simple past and past participle of roast
differs: third-person singular simple present indicative of differ
affects: third-person singular simple present indicative of affect
groping: present participle and gerund of grope
limping: present participle and gerund of limp
ravaged: simple past and past participle of ravage
dipping: present participle and gerund of dip
disused: simple past and past participle of disuse
pricked: simple past and past participle of prick
grazing: present participle and gerund of graze
assumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of assume
darting: present participle and gerund of dart
netting: present participle and gerund of net
whirled: simple past and past participle of whirl
spacing: present participle and gerund of space
draggle: To make, or to become, wet and muddy by dragging along the ground.
heaving: present participle and gerund of heave
spheres: third-person singular simple present indicative of sphere
murders: third-person singular simple present indicative of murder
merging: present participle and gerund of merge
solving: present participle and gerund of solve
herding: present participle and gerund of herd
nearing: present participle and gerund of near
heaping: present participle and gerund of heap
chasing: present participle and gerund of chase
robbing: present participle and gerund of rob
quoting: present participle and gerund of quote
banners: third-person singular simple present indicative of banner
jerking: present participle and gerund of jerk
locking: present participle and gerund of lock
roaming: present participle and gerund of roam
moaning: present participle and gerund of moan
puffing: present participle and gerund of puff
puffing: Leaving a car engine running unattended, especially in cold weather to warm it up.
settles: third-person singular simple present indicative of settle
beaming: present participle and gerund of beam
pruning: present participle and gerund of prune
flogged: simple past and past participle of flog
straped: Misspelling of strapped.
reeking: present participle and gerund of reek
foreran: simple past of forerun
forbore: simple past of forbear
lapping: present participle and gerund of lap
retires: third-person singular simple present indicative of retire
forerun: To run in front.
forerun: To precede; to forecast or foreshadow.
guiding: present participle and gerund of guide
complot: To plot together; conspire.
reshape: to make into a different shape
reshape: to reorganize
kittens: third-person singular simple present indicative of kitten
branded: simple past and past participle of brand
birring: present participle and gerund of birr
arrayed: simple past and past participle of array
annexed: simple past and past participle of annex
boarded: simple past and past participle of board
favours: third-person singular simple present indicative of favour
bobbing: present participle and gerund of bob
tracked: simple past and past participle of track
stocked: simple past and past participle of stock
dimming: present participle and gerund of dim
ceasing: present participle and gerund of cease
jutting: present participle and gerund of jut
leasing: present participle of lease (“to tell lies”)
leasing: present participle and gerund of lease
beheads: third-person singular simple present indicative of behead
chafing: present participle and gerund of chafe
forging: present participle and gerund of forge
boating: present participle and gerund of boat
debased: simple past and past participle of debase
halting: present participle and gerund of halt
deekyin: present participle of deeky
deekied: simple past and past participle of deeky
tinkled: simple past and past participle of tinkle
clap on: To temporarily add something to an existing part, especially to add an additional sail to take advantage of a fair wind.
clap on: To encourage by (or as if by) applauding.
clap on: To decide to make a concerted effort to do something; to operate with dedication and vigor.
whetted: simple past and past participle of whet
disport: To amuse oneself divertingly or playfully; in particular, to cavort or gambol.
plating: present participle and gerund of plate
box out: To position oneself between an opposition player and the basket in anticipation of getting a rebound.
box out: To arrange a situation so as to exclude (someone).
deekies: third-person singular simple present indicative of deeky
tomfool: To act foolishly.
onwards: third-person singular simple present indicative of onward
tonging: present participle and gerund of tong
causeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cause
mistell: To tell inaccurately.
dunched: simple past and past participle of dunch
dunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of dunch
cobbing: present participle and gerund of cob
dunchin: present participle of dunch
cowered: simple past and past participle of cower
yell at: To scold, to rebuke, often by yelling.
sign on: To join something, after signing.
sign on: To commit oneself, as to a project, a goal, an organization, a cause.
sign on: To begin broadcasting a radio or television signal, usually at the beginning of a broadcasting day and after being off the air for several hours.
sign on: To log on; to start using a computer, radio, or other multicast device; to start talking.
sign on: To apply to receive unemployment benefits.
repairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of repair
clipper: To cut or style (the hair) using clippers.
vanpool: To transport people in a vanpool.
vanpool: To be transported in a vanpool.
severed: simple past and past participle of sever
jesting: present participle and gerund of jest
pilling: present participle and gerund of pill
hurting: present participle and gerund of hurt
lengths: third-person singular simple present indicative of length
parries: third-person singular simple present indicative of parry
seining: present participle and gerund of seine
multure: To charge a multure on.
jigging: present participle and gerund of jig
foliate: To form into leaves.
foliate: To beat into a leaf, or thin plate.
foliate: To spread over with a thin coat of tin and quicksilver.
shitted: simple past and past participle of shit
refuted: simple past and past participle of refute
uploads: third-person singular simple present indicative of upload
gladden: To cause (something) to become more glad.
gladden: To become more glad in one's disposition.
refutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of refute
boinked: simple past and past participle of boink
briefed: simple past and past participle of brief
vittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of vittle
call up: To retrieve from personal or computer memory.
call up: To summon (someone) to report for military service.
call up: To select e.g. to a sports squad.
call up: To call on the telephone.
congest: To hinder or block the passage of something moving, for example a fluid, mixture, traffic, people, etc. (due to an excess of this or due to a partial or complete obstruction), resulting in overfilling or overcrowding.
pestles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pestle
leeched: simple past and past participle of leech
torched: simple past and past participle of torch
torches: third-person singular simple present indicative of torch
leeches: third-person singular simple present indicative of leech
nettles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nettle
overarm: To provide with more weaponry than necessary.
needled: simple past and past participle of needle
moshing: present participle and gerund of mosh
jazzing: present participle and gerund of jazz
farking: present participle and gerund of fark
jeering: present participle and gerund of jeer
jetting: present participle and gerund of jet
calming: present participle and gerund of calm
jobbing: present participle and gerund of job
nagging: present participle and gerund of nag
tabling: present participle and gerund of table
vesture: To clothe.
stiffed: simple past and past participle of stiff
cadging: present participle and gerund of cadge
peeling: present participle and gerund of peel
propugn: To fight for, defend, or contend for something
heeling: present participle and gerund of heel
soak up: To absorb or draw in a substance, especially all of that substance.
soak up: To absorb or deflect a series of actions; to endure a behavior from someone.
soak up: To learn, especially passively or eagerly; to allow an experience to affect oneself.
soak up: To enjoy some effects.
bedewed: simple past and past participle of bedew
presort: To sort in advance.
maiming: present participle and gerund of maim
maypole: To dance or spin in a circle around something.
mithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of mither
governs: third-person singular simple present indicative of govern
sleeked: simple past and past participle of sleek
compels: third-person singular simple present indicative of compel
thrived: simple past and past participle of thrive
yapping: present participle and gerund of yap
ganging: present participle and gerund of gang
numbing: present participle and gerund of numb
conning: present participle and gerund of con
conning: present participle and gerund of conn
faceted: simple past and past participle of facet
inserts: third-person singular simple present indicative of insert
ruining: present participle and gerund of ruin
hand in: To give something to a responsible person.
brasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of brass
expands: third-person singular simple present indicative of expand
evoking: present participle and gerund of evoke
fillets: third-person singular simple present indicative of fillet
filming: present participle and gerund of film
moulded: simple past and past participle of mould
deplane: To disembark from an airplane.
stottin: present participle of stot; Alternative spelling of stotting
stotted: simple past and past participle of stot
stotted: simple past and past participle of stott
tee off: To hit the first shot of the hole, from the tee.
tee off: To hit the ball very hard, especially for a home run.
tee off: To irritate, vex, or annoy.
go awry: To become twisted, or turned to one side.
go awry: To depart from the correct course.
go awry: Of a situation, to fall apart or unravel; to fall into disorder; to hit the fan.
soothes: third-person singular simple present indicative of soothe
refocus: to focus on something else
refocus: to change the focus of
refocus: to change one's priorities
refocus: to come back into focus
hearted: simple past and past participle of heart
rattled: simple past and past participle of rattle
upscale: To increase in size, to scale up.
gripped: simple past and past participle of grip
handles: third-person singular simple present indicative of handle
hawking: present participle and gerund of hawk
hinnies: third-person singular simple present indicative of hinny
wiggled: simple past and past participle of wiggle
wiggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wiggle
wielded: simple past and past participle of wield
skirled: simple past and past participle of skirl
tuck in: To pull the blankets or duvet up over (someone in bed); to put (someone) to bed.
tuck in: To push (the fabric at the bottom of a shirt) under the pants.
tuck in: To acquire something tiny
tuck in: To score from with a casual motion
tuck in: To place in a small space.
tuck in: To eat heartily.
dreeing: present participle and gerund of dree
ripples: third-person singular simple present indicative of ripple
degauss: To reduce or eliminate the magnetic field from (the hull of a ship, or a computer monitor, etc.).
harking: present participle and gerund of hark
cash in: To exchange for cash.
cash in: To profit from something; to take advantage of an opportunity in order to profit, especially financially.
cash in: To die.
fairing: present participle and gerund of fair
winnows: third-person singular simple present indicative of winnow
X-rayed: simple past and past participle of X-ray
cringle: To fasten or attach with a cringle.
queefed: simple past and past participle of queef
keeking: present participle and gerund of keek
rebuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebuff
marries: third-person singular simple present indicative of marry
buffing: present participle and gerund of buff
grapnel: To connect (ships) with a grapnel.
bethink: To think about, to recollect.
bethink: To think of (something or somebody) or that (followed by clause); to remind oneself, to consider, to reflect upon.
bethink: To meditate, ponder; to consider.
bethink: To determine, resolve.
prisons: third-person singular simple present indicative of prison
bobtail: To drive a tractor without its trailer.
bobtail: To drive a truck or other vehicle without its trailer.
tugging: present participle and gerund of tug
bimbled: simple past and past participle of bimble
hugging: present participle and gerund of hug
alarums: third-person singular simple present indicative of alarum
strolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of stroll
bruited: simple past and past participle of bruit
ambling: present participle and gerund of amble
witches: third-person singular simple present indicative of witch
bimbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bimble
clauses: third-person singular simple present indicative of clause
blondes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blonde
unwrite: To erase; to revert to a state where (something) was never written.
unwrite: To nullify.
unwrite: To deconstruct.
unwrite: To revert to a known state in so that new data can be written.
beacons: third-person singular simple present indicative of beacon
patrols: third-person singular simple present indicative of patrol
catnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of catnap
permits: third-person singular simple present indicative of permit
gathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of gather
reveals: third-person singular simple present indicative of reveal
imports: third-person singular simple present indicative of import
hooking: present participle and gerund of hook
panning: present participle and gerund of pan
nutting: present participle and gerund of nut
nutting: Gaining favor or subjugating oneself.
nutting: Thinking very hard or puzzling over something.
decides: third-person singular simple present indicative of decide
browned: simple past and past participle of brown
felched: simple past and past participle of felch
nod off: To fall asleep, especially unintentionally.
ribbons: third-person singular simple present indicative of ribbon
yammers: third-person singular simple present indicative of yammer
pigeons: third-person singular simple present indicative of pigeon
thumbed: simple past and past participle of thumb
redline: To mark a drawing or document for correction or modification.
redline: To operate a device at one or more redlines.
redline: To operate a device at one or more redlines.
redline: To run an internal combustion engine to its maximum or maximum recommended speed.
redline: To deny or complicate access to services (such as banking, insurance, or healthcare) to residents in specific, often racially determined, areas.
redline: To achieve audio levels that will cause clipping (indicated by red in an audio meter).
bejewel: To decorate or bedeck with jewels or gems.
yachted: simple past and past participle of yacht
prefers: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefer
engages: third-person singular simple present indicative of engage
conveys: third-person singular simple present indicative of convey
assists: third-person singular simple present indicative of assist
notices: third-person singular simple present indicative of notice
queries: third-person singular simple present indicative of query
pitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of pitch
birches: third-person singular simple present indicative of birch
ditches: third-person singular simple present indicative of ditch
hitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of hitch
guesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of guess
beaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of beach
candies: third-person singular simple present indicative of candy
hunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of hunch
hatches: third-person singular simple present indicative of hatch
crashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of crash
punches: third-person singular simple present indicative of punch
pinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of pinch
sacrate: To consecrate or dedicate
serrate: To make serrate.
serrate: To cut or divide in a jagged way.
ferries: third-person singular simple present indicative of ferry
amended: simple past and past participle of amend
gravest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grave
tagging: present participle and gerund of tag
besting: present participle and gerund of best
batches: third-person singular simple present indicative of batch
bubbled: simple past and past participle of bubble
hotting: present participle and gerund of hot
recceed: simple past of recce
recceed: past participle of recce
recce'd: simple past of recce
recce'd: past participle of recce
pasting: present participle and gerund of paste
chacked: simple past and past participle of chack
mattify: to produce a matt effect or reduce the shiny appearance of the skin
streaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of streak
jeweled: simple past and past participle of jewel
butters: third-person singular simple present indicative of butter
blooded: simple past and past participle of blood
wobbled: simple past and past participle of wobble
wobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wobble
admires: third-person singular simple present indicative of admire
jotting: present participle and gerund of jot
orbited: simple past and past participle of orbit
grassed: simple past and past participle of grass
zorbing: present participle and gerund of zorb
hoaxing: present participle and gerund of hoax
lunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of lunch
oracles: third-person singular simple present indicative of oracle
coaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of coach
smacked: simple past and past participle of smack
stoning: present participle and gerund of stone
potting: present participle and gerund of pot
invites: third-person singular simple present indicative of invite
grunted: simple past and past participle of grunt
beat it: To leave; to go away.
beat it: To masturbate, usually a man of himself.
beat it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see beat, it.
affixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of affix
removes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remove
enables: third-person singular simple present indicative of enable
popping: present participle and gerund of pop
permiss: To grant permission to; permit
aspires: third-person singular simple present indicative of aspire
repeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of repeat
hyphens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hyphen
flouted: simple past and past participle of flout
imputes: third-person singular simple present indicative of impute
shunted: simple past and past participle of shunt
hounded: simple past and past participle of hound
bronzen: To make or become bronze
jalouse: To suspect.
jalouse: To be jealous of.
hogging: present participle and gerund of hog
availed: simple past and past participle of avail
squared: simple past and past participle of square
narrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of narrow
crafted: simple past and past participle of craft
prompts: third-person singular simple present indicative of prompt
centres: third-person singular simple present indicative of centre
galling: present participle and gerund of gall
funnels: third-person singular simple present indicative of funnel
convive: To feast with others
costean: To search for lodes by sinking small pits through the superficial deposits to the solid rock, and then driving from one pit to another across the direction of the vein, so as to cross all the veins between the two pits.
throats: third-person singular simple present indicative of throat
creases: third-person singular simple present indicative of crease
breezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of breeze
crispen: To make crisp.
crispen: To become crisp.
decores: third-person singular simple present indicative of decore
delates: third-person singular simple present indicative of delate
deprime: to remove the (remnant) primer from a cartridge casing (from the brass).
updates: third-person singular simple present indicative of update
eyewash: To fool with nonsense or flattery.
eyewash: To keep information secret by sending false information to many people in one's own organization, and correct information to a select few.
mandrel: To shape with a mandrel.
necking: present participle and gerund of neck
flooded: simple past and past participle of flood
destine: to preordain
destine: to assign something (especially finance) for a particular use
destine: to have a particular destination
dilates: third-person singular simple present indicative of dilate
embales: third-person singular simple present indicative of embale
empales: third-person singular simple present indicative of empale
emplead: To accuse; to indict.
dotcoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dotcom
ablauts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ablaut
shrinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrink
pencils: third-person singular simple present indicative of pencil
turtles: third-person singular simple present indicative of turtle
thrones: third-person singular simple present indicative of throne
buckets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bucket
toilets: third-person singular simple present indicative of toilet
pledges: third-person singular simple present indicative of pledge
pimples: third-person singular simple present indicative of pimple
rewinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewind
cuckoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuckoo
recasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of recast
safaris: third-person singular simple present indicative of safari
spreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of spread
falcons: third-person singular simple present indicative of falcon
freezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of freeze
weasels: third-person singular simple present indicative of weasel
collars: third-person singular simple present indicative of collar
guitars: third-person singular simple present indicative of guitar
daggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of dagger
badgers: third-person singular simple present indicative of badger
powders: third-person singular simple present indicative of powder
cements: third-person singular simple present indicative of cement
remakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remake
sunsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of sunset
cheeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheese
subways: third-person singular simple present indicative of subway
tailors: third-person singular simple present indicative of tailor
jackals: third-person singular simple present indicative of jackal
nutmegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nutmeg
timbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of timber
muzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of muzzle
sneezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneeze
lounges: third-person singular simple present indicative of lounge
coyotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coyote
portals: third-person singular simple present indicative of portal
corpses: third-person singular simple present indicative of corpse
turnips: third-person singular simple present indicative of turnip
spruces: third-person singular simple present indicative of spruce
earwigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of earwig
fridges: third-person singular simple present indicative of fridge
diapers: third-person singular simple present indicative of diaper
dimples: third-person singular simple present indicative of dimple
horrify: To cause to feel extreme apprehension or unease; to cause to experience horror.
bruises: third-person singular simple present indicative of bruise
bounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of bounce
spouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of spouse
ermines: third-person singular simple present indicative of ermine
escapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of escape
enerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of enerve
fiddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiddle
pastors: third-person singular simple present indicative of pastor
beggars: third-person singular simple present indicative of beggar
bumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bumble
klaxons: third-person singular simple present indicative of klaxon
muddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of muddle
straits: third-person singular simple present indicative of strait
swathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swathe
writhes: third-person singular simple present indicative of writhe
sleighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleigh
ladders: third-person singular simple present indicative of ladder
paddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of paddle
rookies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rookie
englobe: To surround as if by a globe.
sickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sickle
coffins: third-person singular simple present indicative of coffin
grudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of grudge
stifles: third-person singular simple present indicative of stifle
squints: third-person singular simple present indicative of squint
museums: third-person singular simple present indicative of museum
collies: third-person singular simple present indicative of colly
bridles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bridle
ramrods: third-person singular simple present indicative of ramrod
solaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of solace
picnics: third-person singular simple present indicative of picnic
convoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of convoy
cravats: third-person singular simple present indicative of cravat
dockets: third-person singular simple present indicative of docket
encores: third-person singular simple present indicative of encore
riddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of riddle
devises: third-person singular simple present indicative of devise
succors: third-person singular simple present indicative of succor
sublets: third-person singular simple present indicative of sublet
corrals: third-person singular simple present indicative of corral
gimlets: third-person singular simple present indicative of gimlet
cackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cackle
kirtles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kirtle
ashcans: third-person singular simple present indicative of ashcan
entable: To record; to enter into a permanent record.
entable: To add to a schedule of participants in events.
entable: To fill a table with; to present in tabular format.
entable: To create multiple flat raised areas in.
cha-cha: To dance the cha-cha.
retakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retake
slavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slaver
bungles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bungle
filtres: third-person singular simple present indicative of filtre
escribe: To draw outside of; designating a circle that touches one of the sides of a given triangle, and also the other two sides produced.
vesting: present participle and gerund of vest
what-if: To speculate about the consequences of something that could have happened.
lugging: present participle and gerund of lug
deeming: present participle and gerund of deem
absists: third-person singular simple present indicative of absist
excedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of excede
invests: third-person singular simple present indicative of invest
listens: third-person singular simple present indicative of listen
exceded: simple past and past participle of excede
upcoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcoil
esteems: third-person singular simple present indicative of esteem
koshers: third-person singular simple present indicative of kosher
rumours: third-person singular simple present indicative of rumour
dampens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dampen
retails: third-person singular simple present indicative of retail
occults: third-person singular simple present indicative of occult
excites: third-person singular simple present indicative of excite
lumbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lumber
vacuums: third-person singular simple present indicative of vacuum
borrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of borrow
depicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of depict
anoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of anoint
bothers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bother
repents: third-person singular simple present indicative of repent
embarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of embark
carpets: third-person singular simple present indicative of carpet
obtunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of obtund
squicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of squick
selects: third-person singular simple present indicative of select
obtains: third-person singular simple present indicative of obtain
harbors: third-person singular simple present indicative of harbor
darkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of darken
upcurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcurl
alights: third-person singular simple present indicative of alight
deducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of deduct
flavors: third-person singular simple present indicative of flavor
appends: third-person singular simple present indicative of append
redacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of redact
umounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of umount
ploughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of plough
asserts: third-person singular simple present indicative of assert
swishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swish
intuits: third-person singular simple present indicative of intuit
hunkers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hunker
exports: third-person singular simple present indicative of export
anneals: third-person singular simple present indicative of anneal
foments: third-person singular simple present indicative of foment
disowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of disown
imparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of impart
bewails: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewail
elicits: third-person singular simple present indicative of elicit
disarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of disarm
uncorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncork
buffets: third-person singular simple present indicative of buffet
employs: third-person singular simple present indicative of employ
fastens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fasten
impugns: third-person singular simple present indicative of impugn
exclame: Obsolete form of exclaim.
exhorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exhort
excepts: third-person singular simple present indicative of except
molests: third-person singular simple present indicative of molest
banters: third-person singular simple present indicative of banter
kidnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of kidnap
informs: third-person singular simple present indicative of inform
shrimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrimp
lingers: third-person singular simple present indicative of linger
ascends: third-person singular simple present indicative of ascend
attests: third-person singular simple present indicative of attest
exceeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of exceed
sunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of sunder
reckons: third-person singular simple present indicative of reckon
thwacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwack
infects: third-person singular simple present indicative of infect
bickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bicker
enrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of enroll
squeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of squeak
deforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of deform
deports: third-person singular simple present indicative of deport
loiters: third-person singular simple present indicative of loiter
blights: third-person singular simple present indicative of blight
dodders: third-person singular simple present indicative of dodder
scrumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrump
detains: third-person singular simple present indicative of detain
beckons: third-person singular simple present indicative of beckon
harkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of harken
bewrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewray
budgets: third-person singular simple present indicative of budget
injects: third-person singular simple present indicative of inject
enamors: third-person singular simple present indicative of enamor
rejoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejoin
poopoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of poopoo
debeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of debeak
unpacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpack
oppugns: third-person singular simple present indicative of oppugn
chaulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chaulk
unlinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlink
deploys: third-person singular simple present indicative of deploy
aroints: third-person singular simple present indicative of aroint
exhumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of exhume
maroons: third-person singular simple present indicative of maroon
neuters: third-person singular simple present indicative of neuter
impacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of impact
vectors: third-person singular simple present indicative of vector
umlauts: third-person singular simple present indicative of umlaut
quivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of quiver
tenders: third-person singular simple present indicative of tender
inverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of invert
exhales: third-person singular simple present indicative of exhale
reverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of revert
musters: third-person singular simple present indicative of muster
squirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of squirt
pardons: third-person singular simple present indicative of pardon
slights: third-person singular simple present indicative of slight
digests: third-person singular simple present indicative of digest
mutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of mutter
resorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of resort
addicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of addict
hoorays: third-person singular simple present indicative of hooray
assents: third-person singular simple present indicative of assent
careers: third-person singular simple present indicative of career
squeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of squeal
hungers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hunger
sloughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of slough
surveys: third-person singular simple present indicative of survey
rejects: third-person singular simple present indicative of reject
retards: third-person singular simple present indicative of retard
chisels: third-person singular simple present indicative of chisel
tillers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tiller
tempers: third-person singular simple present indicative of temper
simpers: third-person singular simple present indicative of simper
uplifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplift
hoovers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoover
gutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of gutter
refunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of refund
cravens: third-person singular simple present indicative of craven
guffaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of guffaw
panders: third-person singular simple present indicative of pander
packets: third-person singular simple present indicative of packet
expeled: simple past and past participle of expel
throngs: third-person singular simple present indicative of throng
harrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of harrow
squalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of squall
frowsts: third-person singular simple present indicative of frowst
escorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of escort
suitors: third-person singular simple present indicative of suitor
sleuths: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleuth
squawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of squawk
expires: third-person singular simple present indicative of expire
detours: third-person singular simple present indicative of detour
barneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of barney
buccans: third-person singular simple present indicative of buccan
pandars: third-person singular simple present indicative of pandar
roquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of roquet
puckers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pucker
waggons: third-person singular simple present indicative of waggon
splints: third-person singular simple present indicative of splint
hallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of hallow
expulse: To expel, usually by means of violence.
valuate: To estimate the value of something; to appraise or to make a valuation.
iceboat: To travel by ice yacht.
pumping: present participle and gerund of pump
dishing: present participle and gerund of dish
attuned: simple past and past participle of attune
massing: present participle and gerund of mass
chained: simple past and past participle of chain
atomize: to separate or reduce into atoms
atomize: to make into a fine spray
atomize: to fragment, break into small pieces or concepts
atomize: to bomb with nuclear weapons
wadding: present participle and gerund of wad
back in: To reverse a vehicle into a space.
back in: A betting term from French hazard
cave-in: Misspelling of cave in.
walkout: Misspelling of walk out.
sneezed: simple past and past participle of sneeze
steered: simple past and past participle of steer
realign: To bring back into alignment.
realign: To align again or anew.
jolting: present participle and gerund of jolt
thrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrust
queried: simple past and past participle of query
mummify: To make into a mummy, by preserving a dead body.
mummify: To become a mummy.
inbound: To pass a ball inbounds; to throw the ball in.
ushered: simple past and past participle of usher
radioed: simple past and past participle of radio
stormed: simple past and past participle of storm
meanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mean
clocked: simple past and past participle of clock
natured: simple past and past participle of nature
blacked: simple past and past participle of black
quacked: simple past and past participle of quack
righted: simple past and past participle of right
morphed: simple past and past participle of morph
declaim: To object to something vociferously; to rail against in speech.
declaim: To recite, e.g., poetry, in a theatrical way; to speak for rhetorical display; to speak pompously, noisily, or theatrically; bemouth; to make an empty speech; to rehearse trite arguments in debate; to rant.
declaim: To speak rhetorically; to make a formal speech or oration; specifically, to recite a speech, poem, etc., in public as a rhetorical exercise; to practice public speaking.
humored: simple past and past participle of humor
chaired: simple past and past participle of chair
grafted: simple past and past participle of graft
remodel: To change the appearance, layout, or furnishings of.
trailed: simple past and past participle of trail
coughed: simple past and past participle of cough
unhinge: To remove the leaf of a door or a window from its supporting hinges.
unhinge: To dislocate.
unhinge: To mentally disturb.
breaded: simple past and past participle of bread
chalked: simple past and past participle of chalk
rumored: simple past and past participle of rumor
quieted: simple past and past participle of quiet
elbowed: simple past and past participle of elbow
upended: simple past and past participle of upend
queered: simple past and past participle of queer
drilled: simple past and past participle of drill
graphed: simple past and past participle of graph
shorted: simple past and past participle of short
grouped: simple past and past participle of group
brooked: simple past and past participle of brook
mouthed: simple past and past participle of mouth
mouthed: simple past and past participle of mouthe
spooled: simple past and past participle of spool
guested: simple past and past participle of guest
floured: simple past and past participle of flour
brained: simple past and past participle of brain
stalked: simple past and past participle of stalk
beasted: simple past and past participle of beast
perjure: To knowingly and willfully make a false statement of witness while in court.
perjure: To cause to violate an oath or a vow; to cause to make oath knowingly to what is untrue; to make guilty of perjury; to forswear; to corrupt.
perjure: To make a false oath to; to deceive by oaths and protestations.
allayed: simple past and past participle of allay
neighed: simple past and past participle of neigh
photoed: simple past and past participle of photo
sleeted: simple past and past participle of sleet
spooned: simple past and past participle of spoon
smarted: simple past and past participle of smart
creeded: simple past and past participle of creed.
flocked: simple past and past participle of flock
charted: simple past and past participle of chart
franked: simple past and past participle of frank
quelled: simple past and past participle of quell
finched: simple past and past participle of finch
swished: simple past and past participle of swish
errored: simple past and past participle of error
staging: present participle and gerund of stage
yoinked: simple past and past participle of yoink
skunked: simple past and past participle of skunk
clouted: simple past and past participle of clout
frothed: simple past and past participle of froth
tricked: simple past and past participle of trick
blimped: simple past and past participle of blimp
bloomed: simple past and past participle of bloom
dwarfed: simple past and past participle of dwarf
sported: simple past and past participle of sport
blooped: simple past and past participle of bloop
swanked: simple past and past participle of swank
trawled: simple past and past participle of trawl
blurted: simple past and past participle of blurt
plumbed: simple past and past participle of plumb
soughed: simple past and past participle of sough
chirped: simple past and past participle of chirp
cleated: simple past and past participle of cleat
catered: simple past and past participle of cater
feinted: simple past and past participle of feint
champed: simple past and past participle of champ
fleeted: simple past and past participle of fleet
flirted: simple past and past participle of flirt
courted: simple past and past participle of court
frisked: simple past and past participle of frisk
slither: To move about smoothly and from side to side.
slither: To slide
snicked: simple past and past participle of snick
psalmed: simple past and past participle of psalm
intered: simple past and past participle of inter
starked: simple past and past participle of stark
steeped: simple past and past participle of steep
worthed: simple past and past participle of worth
trolled: simple past and past participle of troll
wracked: simple past and past participle of wrack
strayed: simple past and past participle of stray
twinked: simple past and past participle of twink
tristed: simple past and past participle of trist
swarmed: simple past and past participle of swarm
leveled: simple past and past participle of level
unscrew: To loosen a screw or thing by turning it.
tweaked: simple past and past participle of tweak
freaked: simple past and past participle of freak
spanked: simple past and past participle of spank
shelled: simple past and past participle of shell
bleeped: simple past and past participle of bleep
scalped: simple past and past participle of scalp
whisked: simple past and past participle of whisk
wagoned: simple past and past participle of wagon
stalled: simple past and past participle of stall
smurfed: simple past and past participle of smurf
yodeled: simple past and past participle of yodel
wakened: simple past and past participle of waken
brawled: simple past and past participle of brawl
widened: simple past and past participle of widen
cranked: simple past and past participle of crank
cheeked: simple past and past participle of cheek
trysted: simple past and past participle of tryst
moulted: simple past and past participle of moult
heisted: simple past and past participle of heist
flailed: simple past and past participle of flail
ranched: simple past and past participle of ranch
shucked: simple past and past participle of shuck
clamped: simple past and past participle of clamp
plumped: simple past and past participle of plump
whiffed: simple past and past participle of whiff
havened: simple past and past participle of haven
chomped: simple past and past participle of chomp
smeared: simple past and past participle of smear
likened: simple past and past participle of liken
clumped: simple past and past participle of clump
trumped: simple past and past participle of trump
stinted: simple past and past participle of stint
spurned: simple past and past participle of spurn
clomped: simple past and past participle of clomp
smirked: simple past and past participle of smirk
spalled: simple past and past participle of spall
joisted: simple past and past participle of joist
flumped: simple past and past participle of flump
exulted: simple past and past participle of exult
swooned: simple past and past participle of swoon
waulked: simple past and past participle of waulk
foisted: simple past and past participle of foist
skulked: simple past and past participle of skulk
egested: simple past and past participle of egest
swelted: simple past and past participle of swelt
mitered: simple past and past participle of miter
perdure: To continue to exist, last or endure, especially for a great length of time.
perdure: To exist in such a way as to possess distinct temporal parts (in perdurantism).
avenged: simple past and past participle of avenge
propale: To disclose.
procede: Obsolete spelling of proceed.
procede: Misspelling of proceed.
propine: To pledge; to offer as a toast in the manner of drinking, that is, by drinking first and passing the cup.
propine: To give in token of friendship.
propine: To give, or deliver; to subject.
rebases: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebase
rebates: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebate
recicle: Misspelling of recycle.
recites: third-person singular simple present indicative of recite
refines: third-person singular simple present indicative of refine
reclame: Obsolete form of reclaim.
regales: third-person singular simple present indicative of regale
remedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remede
remates: third-person singular simple present indicative of remate
reprime: To prime again.
reputes: third-person singular simple present indicative of repute
furcate: To fork or branch out.
retaste: To taste again.
resumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of resume
retrate: Obsolete form of retreat.
revives: third-person singular simple present indicative of revive
segment: To divide into segments or sections.
termine: To settle, determine.
termine: To bring to an end; to conclude, terminate.
untaste: To deprive of a taste for something.
untaste: To lose, cancel out, or forget the taste of; reverse the tasting of
thriven: past participle of thrive
assures: third-person singular simple present indicative of assure
screams: third-person singular simple present indicative of scream
parcels: third-person singular simple present indicative of parcel
tresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of tress
waybill: To provide (cargo) with a waybill document.
speckle: To mark with speckles.
psyched: simple past and past participle of psych
predate: To designate a date earlier than the actual one; to move a date, appointment, event, or period of time to an earlier point (contrast "postdate".)
predate: To exist or to occur before something else; to antedate.
predate: To prey upon something.
abidden: past participle of abide
recheat: To blow the recheat.
dinking: present participle and gerund of dink
gnawing: present participle and gerund of gnaw
decking: present participle and gerund of deck
pomatum: Synonym of pomade: to apply pomade.
pomatum: Synonym of anoint: to apply ointment.
defaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of deface
defaced: simple past and past participle of deface
scanned: simple past and past participle of scan
biplane: To fly in a biplane.
effaced: simple past and past participle of efface
effaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of efface
rein in: To stop or slow a horse by pulling the reins
rein in: To stop or slow something, by exercising control.
pay off: To bribe, especially to deter oversight.
pay off: To become worthwhile; to produce a net benefit.
pay off: To pay back; to repay.
pay off: To pay back (repay, pay off) the entirety of a loan, thereby effecting the release of a lien on.
pay off: To fall to leeward, as the head of a vessel under sail.
judgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of judge
wentest: second-person singular simple past indicative of go
wentest: second-person singular simple past indicative of wend
lifteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lift
grow up: To mature and become an adult.
grow up: To start to develop; to flourish.
grow up: To stop acting as or like a child (often used as an imperative interjection).
onshore: To relocate production, services or jobs to lower-cost locations in the same country.
chiming: present participle and gerund of chime
menaced: simple past and past participle of menace
enounce: To say or pronounce; to enunciate.
enounce: To declare or proclaim.
enounce: To state unequivocally.
pitting: present participle and gerund of pit
mourned: simple past and past participle of mourn
patched: simple past and past participle of patch
pinched: simple past and past participle of pinch
deluded: simple past and past participle of delude
stymied: simple past and past participle of stymie
pitying: present participle and gerund of pity
rallied: simple past and past participle of rally
deposed: simple past and past participle of depose
invoked: simple past and past participle of invoke
uniting: present participle and gerund of unite
hovered: simple past and past participle of hover
wending: present participle and gerund of wend
rebuked: simple past and past participle of rebuke
soaring: present participle and gerund of soar
towered: simple past and past participle of tower
shipped: simple past and past participle of ship
fleeing: present participle and gerund of flee
mock up: To create a model or demonstration; to create a preliminary version or sample.
warmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of warm
reduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of reduce
ruffled: simple past and past participle of ruffle
thawing: present participle and gerund of thaw
gilding: present participle and gerund of gild
chawing: present participle and gerund of chaw
droning: present participle and gerund of drone
denuded: simple past and past participle of denude
muck up: To ruin unintentionally.
muck up: To clown around; to have fun, often at the expense of others.
gavotte: To perform this dance.
circled: simple past and past participle of circle
forbids: third-person singular simple present indicative of forbid
ripping: present participle and gerund of rip
propels: third-person singular simple present indicative of propel
bottoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of bottom
bludged: simple past and past participle of bludge
snow in: To prevent from moving (from a building, in a city, etc) by a large snowfall.
bludges: third-person singular simple present indicative of bludge
hauling: present participle and gerund of haul
caddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of caddy
caddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of caddie
fondles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fondle
fondled: simple past and past participle of fondle
stroked: simple past and past participle of stroke
lopping: present participle and gerund of lop
hearses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hearse
caddied: simple past and past participle of caddie
caddied: simple past and past participle of caddy
overuse: To use too much of.
billows: third-person singular simple present indicative of billow
portage: To carry a boat overland
team up: To join into a team, or into teams.
huffing: present participle and gerund of huff
writhed: simple past and past participle of writhe
sunburn: To receive a sunburn.
sunburn: To burn or tan (someone's skin) by the sun; to allow (a part of one's body) to become sunburnt.
instate: To install (someone) in office; to establish.
fashing: present participle and gerund of fash
fettles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fettle
wavered: simple past and past participle of waver
betrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of betray
sniffed: simple past and past participle of sniff
porters: third-person singular simple present indicative of porter
insists: third-person singular simple present indicative of insist
loathed: simple past and past participle of loathe
loathed: simple past and past participle of loath
glowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of glower
wiretap: To install or to use such a connection.
philtre: Alternative spelling of philter
twilled: simple past and past participle of twill
rafting: present participle and gerund of raft
backbit: simple past and past participle of backbite
fooling: present participle and gerund of fool
bellhop: To work as a bellhop.
reviews: third-person singular simple present indicative of review
invents: third-person singular simple present indicative of invent
hemming: present participle and gerund of hem
samples: third-person singular simple present indicative of sample
imputed: simple past and past participle of impute
mousing: present participle and gerund of mouse
secedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of secede
trapped: simple past and past participle of trap
bussing: present participle and gerund of bus
bussing: present participle and gerund of buss
fringed: simple past and past participle of fringe
curried: simple past and past participle of curry
curries: third-person singular simple present indicative of curry
assagai: Alternative spelling of assegai
chidden: past participle of chide
hollows: third-person singular simple present indicative of hollow
alludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of allude
rumpled: simple past and past participle of rumple
regrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of regret
dilated: simple past and past participle of dilate
bundles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bundle
rowboat: To row a boat of this kind.
feasted: simple past and past participle of feast
crashed: simple past and past participle of crash
yelling: present participle and gerund of yell
flaring: present participle and gerund of flare
earning: present participle and gerund of earn
confute: To show (something or someone) to be false or wrong; to disprove or refute.
drugged: simple past and past participle of drug
roofing: present participle and gerund of roof
corncob: To disintegrate by the blades becoming severed from the axis
corncob: To defeat (someone) who then refuses to admit defeat.
poisons: third-person singular simple present indicative of poison
demagog: Alternative spelling of demagogue
deviled: simple past and past participle of devil
tickled: simple past and past participle of tickle
topsoil: To remove the topsoil from.
jumbled: simple past and past participle of jumble
capping: present participle and gerund of cap
regrown: past participle of regrow
swidden: To clear an area of land by cutting and burning.
misfold: (of a protein or nucleic acid) To fold into an unusual or incorrect tertiary structure; misfolded proteins occur in various diseases, including amyloidoses and dementias, although the question of causation versus consequence is not yet definitively answered for dementias.
receded: simple past and past participle of recede
vetting: present participle and gerund of vet
recedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of recede
hailing: present participle and gerund of hail
grilled: simple past and past participle of grill
chanted: simple past and past participle of chant
barfing: present participle and gerund of barf
take to: To adapt to; to learn, grasp or master.
take to: To enter; to go into or move towards.
take to: To begin, as a new habit or practice.
take to: To be attracted to.
botches: third-person singular simple present indicative of botch
botched: simple past and past participle of botch
shrieks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shriek
closets: third-person singular simple present indicative of closet
wizards: third-person singular simple present indicative of wizard
miscast: To cast or reckon incorrectly.
miscast: To cast or direct erroneously or improperly.
miscast: To cast an actor in an inappropriate role.
miscast: To make an error when casting a vote.
trotted: simple past and past participle of trot
arrests: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrest
forgets: third-person singular simple present indicative of forget
reducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reduct
tirades: third-person singular simple present indicative of tirade
gasshos: third-person singular simple present indicative of gassho
diverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of divert
besnows: third-person singular simple present indicative of besnow
assoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of assoil
beseems: third-person singular simple present indicative of beseem
assorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of assort
recalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of recall
wooding: present participle and gerund of wood
bunking: present participle and gerund of bunk
kinging: present participle and gerund of king
thouing: present participle and gerund of thou
crewing: present participle and gerund of crew
paining: present participle and gerund of pain
burping: present participle and gerund of burp
gearing: present participle and gerund of gear
reddens: third-person singular simple present indicative of redden
minding: present participle and gerund of mind
pinking: present participle and gerund of pink
adhibit: To allow in; to admit.
adhibit: To apply or administer (something, such as a remedy).
adhibit: To affix.
adhibit: To append.
soiling: present participle and gerund of soil
baching: present participle and gerund of bach
betaing: present participle and gerund of beta
mothing: present participle and gerund of moth
porting: present participle and gerund of port
pawning: present participle and gerund of pawn
limbing: present participle and gerund of limb
reining: present participle and gerund of rein
dicking: present participle and gerund of dick
vetoing: present participle and gerund of veto
walling: present participle and gerund of wall
gasting: present participle and gerund of gast
tufting: present participle and gerund of tuft
dulling: present participle and gerund of dull
suiting: present participle and gerund of suit
rooking: present participle and gerund of rook
nerfing: present participle and gerund of nerf
junking: present participle and gerund of junk
tooling: present participle and gerund of tool
tanking: present participle and gerund of tank
oathing: present participle and gerund of oath
nailing: present participle and gerund of nail
anteing: present participle and gerund of ante
balling: present participle and gerund of ball
farting: present participle and gerund of fart
seaming: present participle and gerund of seam
winging: present participle and gerund of wing
winging: present participle and gerund of winge
wanking: present participle and gerund of wank
terming: present participle and gerund of term
nulling: present participle and gerund of null
cacking: present participle and gerund of cack
bulking: present participle and gerund of bulk
busting: present participle and gerund of bust
porking: present participle and gerund of pork
sanding: present participle and gerund of sand
canting: present participle and gerund of cant
forking: present participle and gerund of fork
lusting: present participle and gerund of lust
traying: present participle and gerund of tray
tiering: present participle and gerund of tier
dunging: present participle and gerund of dung
harping: present participle and gerund of harp
lulling: present participle and gerund of lull
avowing: present participle and gerund of avow
soaping: present participle and gerund of soap
warding: present participle and gerund of ward
snowing: present participle and gerund of snow
fending: present participle and gerund of fend
worming: present participle and gerund of worm
tilling: present participle and gerund of till
beeping: present participle and gerund of beep
dialing: present participle and gerund of dial
mooting: present participle and gerund of moot
booting: present participle and gerund of boot
reaming: present participle and gerund of ream
loafing: present participle and gerund of loaf
billing: present participle and gerund of bill
pithing: present participle and gerund of pith
jacking: present participle and gerund of jack
punking: present participle and gerund of punk
damping: present participle and gerund of damp
tenting: present participle and gerund of tent
rioting: present participle and gerund of riot
girting: present participle and gerund of girt
mulling: present participle and gerund of mull
foiling: present participle and gerund of foil
carting: present participle and gerund of cart
buoying: present participle and gerund of buoy
darning: present participle and gerund of darn
voiding: present participle and gerund of void
vamping: present participle and gerund of vamp
norming: present participle and gerund of norm
pealing: present participle and gerund of peal
gifting: present participle and gerund of gift
punting: present participle and gerund of punt
bailing: present participle and gerund of bail
cuffing: present participle and gerund of cuff
pelting: present participle and gerund of pelt
clewing: present participle and gerund of clew
ganking: present participle and gerund of gank
pawling: present participle and gerund of pawl
murking: present participle and gerund of murk
tasking: present participle and gerund of task
hafting: present participle and gerund of haft
cocking: present participle and gerund of cock
fouling: present participle and gerund of foul
coifing: present participle and gerund of coif
muffing: present participle and gerund of muff
molting: present participle and gerund of molt
nesting: present participle and gerund of nest
munging: present participle and gerund of mung
munging: present participle and gerund of munge
rifting: present participle and gerund of rift
coiling: present participle and gerund of coil
diffing: present participle and gerund of diff
seeding: present participle and gerund of seed
weening: present participle and gerund of ween
risping: present participle and gerund of risp
bawling: present participle and gerund of bawl
coining: present participle and gerund of coin
dinging: present participle and gerund of ding
leafing: present participle and gerund of leaf
culling: present participle and gerund of cull
melling: present participle and gerund of mell
redding: present participle and gerund of redd
wraying: present participle and gerund of wray
sulling: present participle and gerund of sull
warping: present participle and gerund of warp
milking: present participle and gerund of milk
borking: present participle and gerund of bork.
larding: present participle and gerund of lard
jinking: present participle and gerund of jink
mooring: present participle and gerund of moor
cooning: present participle and gerund of coon
boffing: present participle and gerund of boff
wauling: present participle and gerund of waul
damning: present participle and gerund of damn
girding: present participle and gerund of gird
lumping: present participle and gerund of lump
romping: present participle and gerund of romp
peopled: simple past and past participle of people
looming: present participle and gerund of loom
propped: simple past and past participle of prop
classed: simple past and past participle of class
exacted: simple past and past participle of exact
awaking: present participle and gerund of awake
sallied: simple past and past participle of sally
looping: present participle and gerund of loop
scolded: simple past and past participle of scold
surging: present participle and gerund of surge
deduced: simple past and past participle of deduce
ignited: simple past and past participle of ignite
tripped: simple past and past participle of trip
grabbed: simple past and past participle of grab
chatted: simple past and past participle of chat
orphans: third-person singular simple present indicative of orphan
tilting: present participle and gerund of tilt
summers: third-person singular simple present indicative of summer
furrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of furrow
brushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of brush
centred: simple past and past participle of centre
charred: simple past and past participle of char
braided: simple past and past participle of braid
insures: third-person singular simple present indicative of insure
banding: present participle and gerund of band
affixed: simple past and past participle of affix
blushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blush
pissing: present participle and gerund of piss
sacking: present participle and gerund of sack
unchild: To make someone childless.
skidded: simple past and past participle of skid
booming: present participle and gerund of boom
evolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of evolve
peening: present participle and gerund of peen
outcrop: To come out to the surface of the ground.
hockled: simple past and past participle of hockle
hockles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hockle
hocklin: present participle of hockle
sandhog: To work at digging tunnels, or (more generally) underground or under water.
evading: present participle and gerund of evade
willn't: Synonym of won't
entrail: To interweave or bind.
entrail: To outline in black.
comming: Obsolete spelling of coming, now an occasional misspelling
waiving: present participle and gerund of waive
marvels: third-person singular simple present indicative of marvel
scarify: To remove thatch (build-up of organic matter on the soil) from a lawn, to dethatch.
scarify: To make scratches or cuts on.
scarify: To damage the testa (seed coat) of a seed by cutting, scraping, chemicals, hot water, or fire to allow permeation of water and faster germination.
scarify: To make scratches or cuts on.
scarify: To break up, loosen, or roughen the surface of a field or road or a hard surface.
scarify: To make scratches or cuts on.
scarify: To scratch, etch, burn, or cut designs into one's skin as a form of body modification.
scarify: To make scratches or cuts on.
scarify: To harrow the feelings.
scarify: To scar.
scarify: Denude, or lay waste to.
scoffed: simple past and past participle of scoff
murmurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of murmur
schlepp: Alternative form of schlep
beatify: To make blissful.
beatify: To pronounce or regard as happy, or supremely blessed, or as conferring happiness.
beatify: To carry out the third of four steps in canonization, making someone a blessed.
bump up: To increase something suddenly.
bump up: To promote a person to a higher grade.
bump up: To give a more prominent place to; to advance position in queue.
retouch: To improve something (especially a photograph), by adding or correcting details, or by removing flaws.
retouch: To colour the roots of hair to match hair previously coloured.
retouch: To modify a flint tool by making secondary flaking along the cutting edge.
sittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sit
judgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of judge
bestrew: To strew or scatter about; throw or drop here and there.
bestrew: To strew anything upon; strew over or about; cover or partially cover with things strewn; cover with straw or strewing.
cussing: present participle and gerund of cuss
deduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of deduce
cassate: To render void or useless; to vacate or annul.
fettled: simple past and past participle of fettle
sin bin: to send a player off temporarily following an infringement of a rule in a game
debride: To remove necrotic tissue or foreign matter from (a wound or the like).
fretsaw: To cut with a fretsaw.
bodging: present participle and gerund of bodge
theming: present participle and gerund of theme
coarsen: To make (more) coarse.
coarsen: To become (more) coarse.
concuss: To injure the brain of, usually temporarily, by violent impact.
concuss: To force to do something, or give up something, by intimidation; to coerce.
act out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see act, out.
act out: To perform something specific.
act out: To perform a scene from a play, a charade or an exercise.
act out: To perform something specific.
act out: To perform a fantasy in reality.
act out: To perform something specific.
act out: To express internal feelings or thoughts.
act out: To express one's feelings through disruptive actions.
act out: To express internal feelings or thoughts.
act out: To express ideas or desires through actions rather than words.
macrame: Alternative spelling of macramé
cohered: simple past and past participle of cohere
convect: To move (a warm fluid) upward through a cooler fluid, to transfer (heat or a fluid) by convection.
convect: To undergo convection.
macramé: To create textiles using the macramé technique.
coheres: third-person singular simple present indicative of cohere
bung up: To close an opening with a cork, cork like object or other improvised obstruction.
bung up: To use up, as by bruising or overexertion; to exhaust or incapacitate for action.
cheapen: To decrease the value or price of; to make cheaper.
cheapen: To make vulgar.
cheapen: To become cheaper.
cheapen: To bargain for, ask the price of.
hastens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hasten
honking: present participle and gerund of honk
divined: simple past and past participle of divine
lay out: To expend or contribute money to an expense or purchase.
lay out: To arrange in a certain way, so as to spread or space apart; to display (e.g. merchandise or a collection).
lay out: To explain; to interpret.
lay out: To concoct; think up.
lay out: To prepare a body for burial.
lay out: To render (someone) unconscious; to knock out; to cause to fall to the floor.
lay out: To scold or berate.
lay out: To lie in the sunshine.
embayed: simple past and past participle of embay
triplex: To make triplex.
pee-pee: To urinate.
entwine: To twist or twine around something (or one another).
clamors: third-person singular simple present indicative of clamor
evinced: simple past and past participle of evince
clogged: simple past and past participle of clog
bilging: present participle and gerund of bilge
chunter: To speak in a soft, indistinct manner, mutter.
chunter: To grumble, complain.
catcall: To make such an exclamation.
bennies: third-person singular simple present indicative of benny
skyjack: To steal or commandeer (hijack) an airplane, usually by threat of violence to the passengers and/or crew members.
bestand: To stand by or near; stand around.
bestand: To beset; stand around in hostility; harass.
bestand: To surround; encompass.
bestand: To serve; be of service to; be ready to serve or aid.
skyline: To outline something against the sky.
skyline: To filter by means of the skyline operator.
mashing: present participle and gerund of mash
dog-ear: To fold (the corner of the page of a book or other publication).
slicing: present participle and gerund of slice
swatter: To spill water about.
rollick: To behave in a playful or carefree manner; to frolic or romp.
rollick: To reprimand.
beading: present participle and gerund of bead
becloud: To cause to become obscure or muddled.
becloud: To cover or surround with clouds.
becloud: To cast in a negative light, cast a pall over, darken.
phrensy: Obsolete spelling of frenzy
flitted: simple past and past participle of flit
focuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of focus
baptise: Alternative form of baptize
fraying: present participle and gerund of fray
admixed: simple past and past participle of admix
zapping: present participle and gerund of zap
reiving: present participle and gerund of reive
reaving: present participle and gerund of reave
preheat: to heat something in preparation for further action, especially cooking
gestate: To carry offspring in the uterus from conception to delivery.
gestate: To develop an idea.
spurred: simple past and past participle of spur
hefting: present participle and gerund of heft
scudded: simple past and past participle of scud
gunning: present participle and gerund of gun
meddled: simple past and past participle of meddle
manages: third-person singular simple present indicative of manage
incited: simple past and past participle of incite
matures: third-person singular simple present indicative of mature
tabbing: present participle and gerund of tab
zigzags: third-person singular simple present indicative of zigzag
fulfils: third-person singular simple present indicative of fulfil
badging: present participle and gerund of badge
baffing: present participle and gerund of baff
invades: third-person singular simple present indicative of invade
intones: third-person singular simple present indicative of intone
tremors: third-person singular simple present indicative of tremor
pantses: third-person singular simple present indicative of pants
cashing: present participle and gerund of cash
fogging: present participle and gerund of fog
pantsed: simple past and past participle of pants
pebbled: simple past and past participle of pebble
cannons: third-person singular simple present indicative of cannon
tinting: present participle and gerund of tint
commits: third-person singular simple present indicative of commit
offsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of offset
tripods: third-person singular simple present indicative of tripod
reboots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reboot
anthems: third-person singular simple present indicative of anthem
humbugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of humbug
fondues: third-person singular simple present indicative of fondue
cringes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cringe
sorties: third-person singular simple present indicative of sortie
unbinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbind
tiddled: simple past and past participle of tiddle
bobsled: To ride a bobsled.
swapped: simple past and past participle of swap
sneaked: simple past and past participle of sneak
crushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of crush
perfuse: To permeate or suffuse something, especially with a liquid or with light.
perfuse: To force a fluid to flow over or through something, especially through an organ of the body.
clotted: simple past and past participle of clot
interne: Archaic spelling of intern.
maggots: third-person singular simple present indicative of maggot
cosplay: To costume oneself as a character.
cosplay: To costume oneself as (a character).
cosplay: To adopt the behavior and mannerisms of another.
incites: third-person singular simple present indicative of incite
shriven: past participle of shrive
shriven: past participle of shrieve
derails: third-person singular simple present indicative of derail
manning: present participle and gerund of man
snoring: present participle and gerund of snore
reposed: simple past and past participle of repose
stop up: To fill a hole or cavity, or block (an opening or passage), as with a plug.
stop up: To permanently close or block (a road or path); to legally extinguish a right of way.
stop up: To increase the aperture of a photographic lens, moving from an f/stop represented by a higher number to an f/stop represented by a lower number and causing more light to pass into the camera.
stunted: simple past and past participle of stunt
reeling: present participle and gerund of reel
reclama: To request that a decision be reconsidered.
sleeved: simple past and past participle of sleeve
unlatch: Remove from a latch
fecking: present participle and gerund of feck
untwist: To remove a twist from.
untwist: To become untwisted.
subsoil: To turn up the subsoil of.
subplot: To provide (a story) with a subplot.
electro: To electrotype.
undying: present participle and gerund of undie
betters: third-person singular simple present indicative of better
kibbitz: Alternative spelling of kibitz
slicker: To slither, as on a slick surface.
slicker: To con or hoodwink.
slicker: To use a slicker on.
slicker: To smooth or slick.
slicker: To spread mashed manure on fields as a form of fertilization.
stir up: To arouse or excite (passion or action, etc.).
stir up: To mix (ingredients) by stirring.
stir up: To move or disturb slightly; to make turbid.
premiss: Alternative spelling of premise
skipped: simple past and past participle of skip
flipped: simple past and past participle of flip
foul up: To make a mistake, to go wrong.
foul up: To botch; to make a mess of.
nutpick: To cherry-pick poor representatives of a viewpoint (i.e., from Internet postings) in order to disparage it.
phoning: present participle and gerund of phone
deigned: simple past and past participle of deign
skimmer: To shimmer.
skimmer: To move quickly, to flutter.
aspired: simple past and past participle of aspire
slapped: simple past and past participle of slap
plug in: To connect (an electrical device) to a plug socket.
plug in: To familiarize and integrate (a person) into an organization.
plug in: To replace a variable with a number in order to solve an equation.
mangled: simple past and past participle of mangle
hog-tie: To tie a person's or animal's feet together; originally all four legs of a quadruped.
hog-tie: To render helpless.
ripened: simple past and past participle of ripen
riveted: simple past and past participle of rivet
wolfing: present participle and gerund of wolf
starves: third-person singular simple present indicative of starve
denoted: simple past and past participle of denote
defying: present participle and gerund of defy
merited: simple past and past participle of merit
buggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bugger
fluffed: simple past and past participle of fluff
garaged: simple past and past participle of garage
detests: third-person singular simple present indicative of detest
fudging: present participle and gerund of fudge
fueling: (Canadian spelling, common) present participle and gerund of fuel
gauging: present participle and gerund of gauge
scaring: present participle and gerund of scare
jiggled: simple past and past participle of jiggle
jiggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jiggle
garages: third-person singular simple present indicative of garage
bugging: present participle and gerund of bug
doglegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dogleg
watusis: third-person singular simple present indicative of watusi
fibbing: present participle and gerund of fib
eroding: present participle and gerund of erode
risking: present participle and gerund of risk
Molotov: To throw a Molotov cocktail at.
reacted: simple past and past participle of react
stashed: simple past and past participle of stash
erasing: present participle and gerund of erase
mark up: To increase the price of something between its wholesale and retail phase.
mark up: To add coding to text so that it will display properly on a computer.
tsk-tsk: Alternative spelling of tsktsk
hagride: To harass or torment with dread or nightmares.
yerking: present participle and gerund of yerk
loathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of loathe
hobnail: To fit with hobnails.
hobnail: To tread down roughly, as with hobnailed shoes.
toweled: simple past and past participle of towel
divvied: simple past and past participle of divvy
slagged: simple past and past participle of slag
stemmed: simple past and past participle of stem
divvies: third-person singular simple present indicative of divvy
blither: to talk foolishly; to blather
freshen: To become fresh.
freshen: To be refreshed.
freshen: To become fresh.
freshen: To become cool.
freshen: To become fresh.
freshen: To become not salty, to lose its salinity. (of water)
freshen: To become stronger.
freshen: To begin or resume giving milk, especially after calving; to cause to resume giving milk.
freshen: To make fresh.
freshen: To refresh; to revive; to renew.
freshen: To make fresh.
freshen: To make cool.
freshen: To make fresh.
freshen: To make green (vegetation that has become dry).
freshen: To make fresh.
freshen: To remove or cover unpleasant qualities such as staleness, bad odour or taste (in air, breath, water, etc.).
freshen: To make fresh.
freshen: To touch up (makeup); to give (a body part, especially the face) a quick wash.
freshen: To make fresh.
freshen: To touch up the paint on (something).
freshen: To give redness to (the face or cheeks of a person with light skin).
freshen: To make less salty; to separate, as water, from saline ingredients.
freshen: To relieve, as a rope, by change of place where friction wears it; or to renew, as the material used to prevent chafing.
freshen: To top up (a drink).
freshen: To top up (primer) in a firearm.
diddled: simple past and past participle of diddle
misfire: To fail to discharge properly.
misfire: To fail to ignite in the proper sequence.
misfire: To fail to achieve the anticipated result.
prename: To provide with a first name.
prename: To have no name change.
prename: To name in advance.
preëmpt: Dated spelling of preempt.
bustles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bustle
bustled: simple past and past participle of bustle
rubicon: Especially in bezique and piquet: to defeat a player who has not achieved the rubicon.
outfall: To burst forth, as upon an enemy; make a sally.
keloids: third-person singular simple present indicative of keloid
clopped: simple past and past participle of clop
clonked: simple past and past participle of clonk
mullock: To clear waste material out of a mine.
glomped: simple past and past participle of glomp
suntans: third-person singular simple present indicative of suntan
relayed: simple past and past participle of relay
furling: present participle and gerund of furl
buddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of buddy
plagued: simple past and past participle of plague
chiding: present participle and gerund of chide
marbled: simple past and past participle of marble
coaxing: present participle and gerund of coax
plagues: third-person singular simple present indicative of plague
murther: Obsolete form of murder.
inching: present participle and gerund of inch
steepen: To make steeper.
steepen: To become steeper.
jounced: simple past and past participle of jounce
jounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of jounce
sharked: simple past and past participle of shark
huswife: Obsolete form of housewive.
defrags: third-person singular simple present indicative of defrag
unquiet: To disturb, disquiet.
mildews: third-person singular simple present indicative of mildew
griping: present participle and gerund of gripe
hunched: simple past and past participle of hunch
skimmed: simple past and past participle of skim
misgive: (of the mind, heart, etc.) To give fear or doubt to; to make irresolute.
misgive: To suspect; to dread.
misgive: To give wrongly; to give or grant amiss.
preform: To shape something before some other operation.
preform: Misspelling of perform.
atoning: present participle and gerund of atone
let rip: To unleash, let loose, uncork; to allow (something) to happen or proceed without restraint.
let rip: To utter or release without restraint.
let rip: To fart.
burgles: third-person singular simple present indicative of burgle
burgled: simple past and past participle of burgle
elegize: To compose an elegy for.
elegize: To compose an elegy.
elegize: To praise, as if in an elegy.
hotlist: To add something to such a list, or to be added to such a list.
margent: To note in the margin.
yearned: simple past and past participle of yearn
censors: third-person singular simple present indicative of censor
trudged: simple past and past participle of trudge
soother: To soothe.
flapped: simple past and past participle of flap
attains: third-person singular simple present indicative of attain
outlaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlaw
anchors: third-person singular simple present indicative of anchor
couches: third-person singular simple present indicative of couch
divines: third-person singular simple present indicative of divine
frogged: simple past and past participle of frog
barters: third-person singular simple present indicative of barter
verbals: third-person singular simple present indicative of verbal
rescues: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescue
deluges: third-person singular simple present indicative of deluge
shrouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of shroud
corsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of corset
hijacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hijack
cancels: third-person singular simple present indicative of cancel
pommels: third-person singular simple present indicative of pommel
mongers: third-person singular simple present indicative of monger
scrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of scroll
hobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hobble
skewers: third-person singular simple present indicative of skewer
pickets: third-person singular simple present indicative of picket
moulder: To decay or rot.
remises: third-person singular simple present indicative of remise
reheats: third-person singular simple present indicative of reheat
insoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of insole
pinions: third-person singular simple present indicative of pinion
submits: third-person singular simple present indicative of submit
parsing: present participle and gerund of parse
snecked: simple past and past participle of sneck
steaded: simple past and past participle of stead
exudate: To exude.
plodgin: present participle of plodge
plodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of plodge
plodged: simple past and past participle of plodge
fagging: present participle and gerund of fag
jet ski: To ride on a jet ski.
ginning: present participle and gerund of gin
ante-up: Nonstandard spelling of ante up.
ante up: To contribute one's share of a payment; to provide funds; to pay what is due.
ante up: To pay a fee necessary to play a game, typically a card game.
retaken: past participle of retake
surveil: To keep someone or something under surveillance.
jinxing: present participle and gerund of jinx
mummies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mummy
fumbled: simple past and past participle of fumble
harrass: Obsolete spelling of harass, now a common misspelling.
freeing: present participle and gerund of free
chapped: simple past and past participle of chap
twistle: To twist.
hardens: third-person singular simple present indicative of harden
spelter: To combine copper and metallic zinc to form an alloy.
adulter: To commit adultery.
adulter: To pollute something; to adulterate.
ticking: present participle and gerund of tick
save as: To enter a dialog box where the user can specify a new filename to save the current document under.
paupers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pauper
chested: simple past and past participle of chest
diddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of diddle
cankers: third-person singular simple present indicative of canker
balsams: third-person singular simple present indicative of balsam
scrapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrape
snarled: simple past and past participle of snarl
chirrup: To make a series of chirps, clicks, or clucks.
chirrup: To express by chirping.
chirrup: To quicken or animate by chirping.
induces: third-person singular simple present indicative of induce
snogged: simple past and past participle of snog
pledget: To apply a pledget to.
spotlit: simple past and past participle of spotlight
blinked: simple past and past participle of blink
minuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of minus
impeded: simple past and past participle of impede
smudged: simple past and past participle of smudge
flaying: present participle and gerund of flay
rooming: present participle and gerund of room
redoing: present participle and gerund of redo
assfuck: To engage in anal intercourse.
assfuck: To betray.
busking: present participle and gerund of busk
serried: simple past and past participle of serry
opining: present participle and gerund of opine
pfaffed: simple past and past participle of pfaff
overact: To act in an exaggerated manner.
overact: To act upon, or influence, unduly.
blading: present participle and gerund of blade
pickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pickle
pootles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pootle
marline: To wind marline around.
hulking: present participle and gerund of hulk
coquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of coquet
cobbled: simple past and past participle of cobble
outwait: To wait for something to end
outwait: To gain an advantage by simply waiting
doodled: simple past and past participle of doodle
snugged: simple past and past participle of snug
dabbing: present participle and gerund of dab
reelect: To elect for a second or subsequent time.
pestled: simple past and past participle of pestle
prorupt: To cause something to burst forth.
behaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of behave
sopping: present participle and gerund of sop
ungreen: To expose to air after dyeing in indigo so that the greenish color fades away.
ungreen: To make or become familiar with and adept in handling a new environment.
ungreen: To change from green to some other color, as occurs with leaves in the autumn.
ungreen: To urbanize or become less environmentally friendly.
shoring: present participle and gerund of shore
shinned: simple past and past participle of shin
resigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of resign
mellows: third-person singular simple present indicative of mellow
cumbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cumber
wangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wangle
bemoans: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemoan
Hoovers: third-person singular simple present indicative of Hoover
debunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of debunk
hinders: third-person singular simple present indicative of hinder
neatens: third-person singular simple present indicative of neaten
unseals: third-person singular simple present indicative of unseal
reseals: third-person singular simple present indicative of reseal
incepts: third-person singular simple present indicative of incept
unhooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhook
renails: third-person singular simple present indicative of renail
enseals: third-person singular simple present indicative of enseal
parades: third-person singular simple present indicative of parade
tagline: To supply with an advertising slogan; to market as.
doomsay: To make dire predictions about the future.
sink in: To become completely known, felt, or understood.
whishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of whish
whished: simple past and past participle of whish
clicked: simple past and past participle of click
outdent: To indent negatively, bring towards the margin; to remove an indent.
flagged: simple past and past participle of flag
aligned: simple past and past participle of align
sigmate: To modify (a Greek word) by adding sigma, or by changing another letter to sigma.
beam up: To teleport (someone or something) using a (fictional) device, especially from the surface of a planet to an orbiting starship.
beam up: To be teleported, or to teleport oneself, in this manner.
beam up: To appear suddenly, as if by teleport.
beam up: To get high on drugs, especially crack cocaine.
rotates: third-person singular simple present indicative of rotate
effulge: to radiate, shine or beam
indexed: simple past and past participle of index
subsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of subset
batters: third-person singular simple present indicative of batter
debated: simple past and past participle of debate
markers: third-person singular simple present indicative of marker
misused: simple past and past participle of misuse
rotated: simple past and past participle of rotate
derided: simple past and past participle of deride
reprint: To print (something) that has been published in print before.
reprint: To renew the impression of.
ravened: simple past and past participle of raven
greened: simple past and past participle of green
skewing: present participle and gerund of skew
quailed: simple past and past participle of quail
planked: simple past and past participle of plank
vomited: simple past and past participle of vomit
bricked: simple past and past participle of brick
roughed: simple past and past participle of rough
floored: simple past and past participle of floor
wreaked: simple past and past participle of wreak
speared: simple past and past participle of spear
crowing: present participle and gerund of crow
belched: simple past and past participle of belch
avering: present participle and gerund of aver
garbing: present participle and gerund of garb
tangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tangle
spirals: third-person singular simple present indicative of spiral
modeled: simple past and past participle of model
tartans: third-person singular simple present indicative of tartan
sweated: simple past and past participle of sweat
cozened: simple past and past participle of cozen
neaping: present participle and gerund of neap
solders: third-person singular simple present indicative of solder
clanged: simple past and past participle of clang
meowing: present participle and gerund of meow
lording: present participle and gerund of lord
jousted: simple past and past participle of joust
harming: present participle and gerund of harm
capered: simple past and past participle of caper
flecked: simple past and past participle of fleck
flacked: simple past and past participle of flack
desking: present participle and gerund of desk
heeding: present participle and gerund of heed
bitting: present participle and gerund of bit
bitting: present participle and gerund of bitt
downing: present participle and gerund of down
wanging: present participle and gerund of wang
preying: present participle and gerund of prey
faulted: simple past and past participle of fault
tensors: third-person singular simple present indicative of tensor
doffing: present participle and gerund of doff
dieting: present participle and gerund of diet
spoored: simple past and past participle of spoor
polkaed: simple past and past participle of polka
fronted: simple past and past participle of front
socking: present participle and gerund of sock
oblates: third-person singular simple present indicative of oblate
balking: present participle and gerund of balk
snarfed: simple past and past participle of snarf
lauding: present participle and gerund of laud
whirred: simple past and past participle of whirr
lisping: present participle and gerund of lisp
jessing: present participle and gerund of jess
wilting: present participle and gerund of wilt
rockets: third-person singular simple present indicative of rocket
scooped: simple past and past participle of scoop
debuted: simple past and past participle of debut
blunted: simple past and past participle of blunt
untared: simple past and past participle of untar
caromed: simple past and past participle of carom
tampers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tamper
belting: present participle and gerund of belt
glinted: simple past and past participle of glint
brawned: simple past and past participle of brawn
japaned: simple past and past participle of japan
tumping: present participle and gerund of tump
clacked: simple past and past participle of clack
glarked: simple past and past participle of glark
eructed: simple past and past participle of eruct
syncing: present participle and gerund of sync
deejays: third-person singular simple present indicative of deejay
lectors: third-person singular simple present indicative of lector
thirled: simple past and past participle of thirl
miffing: present participle and gerund of miff
clawing: present participle and gerund of claw
dethaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of dethaw
uncuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncuff
limning: present participle and gerund of limn
mewling: present participle and gerund of mewl
louring: present participle and gerund of lour
booster: To give a booster shot to; to boost.
carding: present participle and gerund of card
inhaled: simple past and past participle of inhale
mumbled: simple past and past participle of mumble
plodded: simple past and past participle of plod
mutated: simple past and past participle of mutate
retcons: third-person singular simple present indicative of retcon
factify: To establish truth or validity by presentation of factual evidence.
pellets: third-person singular simple present indicative of pellet
phrased: simple past and past participle of phrase
pleated: simple past and past participle of pleat
ruffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruffle
rusting: present participle and gerund of rust
bungled: simple past and past participle of bungle
pig dog: To surf in the pig dog stance.
cocoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of cocoon
unbraid: To disentangle the strands of a braid
gleaned: simple past and past participle of glean
ignores: third-person singular simple present indicative of ignore
cockles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cockle
obelise: Alternative spelling of obelize
obelize: To mark (a written or printed passage) with an obelus; to judge as spurious or doubtful.
bycatch: To catch unintentionally while fishing for something else.
plusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of plus
reenact: To enact again.
reenact: To recreate an event, especially a historical battle.
cornrow: To braid the hair in this fashion.
lancing: present participle and gerund of lance
thwarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwart
pootled: simple past and past participle of pootle
stipple: To use small dots to give the appearance of shading to.
paywall: To restrict access to (a website or other resource) by means of a paywall.
restate: to state again (without changing)
restate: to state differently; to rephrase
curbing: present participle and gerund of curb
cowling: present participle and gerund of cowl
goofing: present participle and gerund of goof
slivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sliver
trebled: simple past and past participle of treble
tidy up: To make clean, to make satisfactorily neat.
bashing: present participle and gerund of bash
babying: present participle and gerund of baby
swattle: To splutter; to guzzle.
swattle: To fritter away.
concept: to conceive; to dream up
concurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of concur
acidize: To impregnate with acid; acidify.
acidize: To treat (a limestone or sandstone formation) with HCl or HF to enlarge void spaces in it.
pee off: Euphemistic variant of piss off.
tip out: To extract (something) by tipping over the container that contains it.
tip out: To provide a percentage of tips to certain co-workers who support the work done by the waiter.
clinked: simple past and past participle of clink
uncheck: To remove a checkmark.
uncheck: To remove a previously checked-in passenger from the check-in system, allowing changes to the ticket.
ligates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ligate
wantons: third-person singular simple present indicative of wanton
ligated: simple past and past participle of ligate
couched: simple past and past participle of couch
regarde: Obsolete form of regard.
petaled: simple past and past participle of petal
blinder: To fit (a horse) with blinders.
blinder: To obstruct the vision of.
cumming: present participle and gerund of cum
bonking: present participle and gerund of bonk
quashed: simple past and past participle of quash
beveled: simple past and past participle of bevel
begrime: To ingrain grime or dirt which is difficult to remove into (something); also (more generally), to make (something) dirty; to soil.
wincing: present participle and gerund of wince
queuing: present participle and gerund of queue
braying: present participle and gerund of bray
wedging: present participle and gerund of wedge
mortars: third-person singular simple present indicative of mortar
seeping: present participle and gerund of seep
appalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of appall
spawned: simple past and past participle of spawn
inducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of induct
audited: simple past and past participle of audit
gimping: present participle and gerund of gimp
offends: third-person singular simple present indicative of offend
cradles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cradle
sprains: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprain
tickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tickle
slaloms: third-person singular simple present indicative of slalom
palping: present participle and gerund of palp
scalded: simple past and past participle of scald
dithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of dither
siphons: third-person singular simple present indicative of siphon
wigwags: third-person singular simple present indicative of wigwag
strobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of strobe
seeling: present participle and gerund of seel
cosigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of cosign
sunning: present participle and gerund of sun
patting: present participle and gerund of pat
muddled: simple past and past participle of muddle
chitter: To make a series of high-pitched sounds; to twitter, chirp or chatter.
chitter: To shiver or chatter with cold.
bolding: present participle and gerund of bold
bleared: simple past and past participle of blear
wee wee: Alternative form of wee-wee: to urinate.
fringes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fringe
dogears: third-person singular simple present indicative of dogear
scollop: Alternative spelling of scallop
awakens: third-person singular simple present indicative of awaken
dangled: simple past and past participle of dangle
smiting: present participle and gerund of smite
outguns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgun
uncured: simple past and past participle of uncure
uncoded: simple past and past participle of uncode
brazing: present participle and gerund of braze
dallied: simple past and past participle of dally
dallies: third-person singular simple present indicative of dally
brindle: To form streaks of a different color.
undrawn: past participle of undraw
reviled: simple past and past participle of revile
brander: To cook (meat, etc.) on a gridiron.
unrated: simple past and past participle of unrate
unwoven: past participle of unweave
f--king: Censored spelling of fucking.
unsaved: simple past and past participle of unsave
bounden: past participle of bind.
bounden: past participle of bind.
bounden: To be obliged; to be under a duty or obligation (to do something).
descale: To remove scale from the surface of a metal, especially from the inner surfaces of boilers etc.
descale: To remove the scales from a fish etc.
dot-com: Alternative spelling of dotcom
squinny: To squint.
regrind: To grind again.
hit out: To strike out with the fist, usually without planning or accuracy.
hit out: To react viciously (towards someone/something).
hit out: To perform by good luck.
puddled: simple past and past participle of puddle
laicize: To convert from church-controlled to independent of the church; to secularize.
laicize: To reduce from clergy to layman.
laicize: To convert to lay status.
outface: To disconcert someone with an unblinking face-to-face confrontation; to stare down; to withsay
outface: To boldly confront a situation.
pretest: To administer a pretest to.
pretest: To carry out a pretest.
splodge: To make a splodge; to render as a splodge.
palming: present participle and gerund of palm
priming: present participle and gerund of prime
fridged: simple past and past participle of fridge
flanker: To defend by lateral fortifications.
flanker: To attack sideways.
desugar: To remove sugar from.
desugar: To translate the source code of a computer program into a functionally equivalent form devoid of syntactic sugar.
parrots: third-person singular simple present indicative of parrot
racking: present participle and gerund of rack
dunshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dunsh
dunshed: simple past and past participle of dunsh
dunshin: present participle of dunsh
bucking: present participle and gerund of buck
binning: present participle and gerund of bin
eff off: fuck off.
enchain: To restrain with, or as if with, chains.
enchain: To link together.
barding: present participle and gerund of bard
overman: To provide with too many personnel; overstaff.
enplane: to board an airplane
emplace: To assign a position to something, or to locate something at a particular place
whiling: present participle and gerund of while
dejects: third-person singular simple present indicative of deject
envenom: To inject or put venom onto or into (someone or something).
envenom: To acerbate, make bitter.
probing: present participle and gerund of probe
go wild: To become very noisy and excited.
go wild: To go ahead; do as one pleases used to grant permission for or to give endorsement of a suggestion or proposal, especially when the speaker is not interested in the outcome of the proposal.
go wild: To land or pass wildly off-target.
burn up: To catch fire and burn until destroyed.
burn up: To destroy by burning.
burn up: To anger; to annoy.
burn up: To feel overly hot or inflamed.
burn up: To feel overly hot or inflamed.
burn up: To experience a high fever.
burn up: To ride a motorcycle or other vehicle at high speed.
clicket: To be in oestrus; to copulate.
ring up: To telephone; to call someone on the telephone.
ring up: To enter (a payment) into a cash register, or till in a shop, or record a credit- or debit-card payment.
ring up: To record the payment of.
ring up: To make an adverse official decision concerning (a person).
ring up: To rouse by the ringing of a bell.
ring up: To strikeout a batter and thereby send him or her back to the dugout.
sedated: simple past and past participle of sedate
glister: To gleam, glisten, or coruscate.
fanboys: third-person singular simple present indicative of fanboy
grooved: simple past and past participle of groove
grained: simple past and past participle of grain
gradate: To change imperceptibly from one gradation of tone etc. to another.
gradate: To arrange in order of grades.
gradate: To bring to a certain strength or grade of concentration.
mopping: present participle and gerund of mop
rehouse: To give a new house to; to relocate someone to a new house.
rehouse: To store in a new location.
fangirl: To behave like a fangirl; to be obsequious, star-struck, boy crazy, etc.
bagging: present participle and gerund of bag
dandify: To dress as, make into, or to adopt the style of, a dandy.
blether: Alternative spelling of blather
smarten: To make smarter in appearance; to refurbish or spruce up.
smarten: To increase the speed of (one's travel on foot, etc.).
smarten: To augment with computer technology.
sponges: third-person singular simple present indicative of sponge
cloning: present participle and gerund of clone
stylize: To represent (someone or something) in a particular style.
stylize: To represent (someone or something) abstractly in a conventional manner, commonly fancifully symbolic, to identify a particular item, by omitting most of the detail that is not unique to the item in question.
subjoin: To add something to the end; to append or annex
styling: present participle and gerund of style
fidgets: third-person singular simple present indicative of fidget
fixated: simple past and past participle of fixate
blaring: present participle and gerund of blare
pinhole: To form one or more pinholes in.
sagging: present participle and gerund of sag
doating: present participle and gerund of doat; doting
fleshed: simple past and past participle of flesh
gouache: To produce work in the gouache medium.
coon it: To crawl by straddling a log, especially in crossing a creek, or similar, such as a construction beam.
simples: third-person singular simple present indicative of simple
flyblow: To deposit eggs upon, as a blowfly does on meat; to cause to be maggoty.
flyblow: To taint or contaminate.
fluting: present participle and gerund of flute
jollied: simple past and past participle of jolly
pursues: third-person singular simple present indicative of pursue
sourced: simple past and past participle of source
bandied: simple past and past participle of bandy
bandies: third-person singular simple present indicative of bandy
planing: present participle and gerund of plane
pops in: third-person singular simple present indicative of pop in
enfever: to excite fever in
buzz up: To allow entrance into a building from a higher floor by triggering an electronic lock.
parried: simple past and past participle of parry
dive in: To start a new endeavor enthusiastically and wholeheartedly.
tourney: To take part in a tournament.
lapsing: present participle and gerund of lapse
goating: present participle and gerund of goat
dispone: To convey legal authority to another.
dispone: To set in order; to dispose.
busiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of busy
eliding: present participle and gerund of elide
came on: simple past of come on
came up: simple past of come up
sullies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sully
befalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of befall
exempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exempt
fiestas: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiesta
tingled: past participle of tingle
warbled: past participle of warble
revoked: simple past and past participle of revoke
fiddled: simple past and past participle of fiddle
bumping: present participle and gerund of bump
restock: To stock again; to resupply with a stock of goods.
lunched: simple past and past participle of lunch
tubbing: present participle and gerund of tub
nipping: present participle and gerund of nip
spicing: present participle and gerund of spice
pouting: present participle and gerund of pout
psyches: third-person singular simple present indicative of psyche
purveys: third-person singular simple present indicative of purvey
garotte: Alternative spelling of garrotte
hearsed: simple past and past participle of hearse
nudging: present participle and gerund of nudge
delving: present participle and gerund of delve
druther: Would rather; would prefer to.
perpend: To ponder, consider.
trudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of trudge
blabbed: simple past and past participle of blab
enchase: To set (a gemstone etc.) into.
enchase: To be a setting for.
enchase: To decorate with jewels, or with inlaid ornament.
enchase: To cut or carve, as with a weapon.
springe: To sprinkle; to scatter.
springe: To catch in a springe; to ensnare.
cuts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut up
cuts in: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut in
misgave: simple past of misgive
sets up: third-person singular simple present indicative of set up
betakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of betake
costing: present participle and gerund of cost
seethed: simple past and past participle of seethe
softens: third-person singular simple present indicative of soften
gassing: present participle and gerund of gas
muffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of muffle
misuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of misuse
napping: present participle and gerund of nap
refered: Misspelling of referred.
retches: third-person singular simple present indicative of retch
retched: simple past and past participle of retch
erogate: to lay out (money etc.); to deal out; to expend
outruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrun
outpour: To pour out.
true up: To make something true, equal, or correct.
true up: To make a wheel level, balanced or even by adjusting the spokes; to true a wheel; ideally, to make it perfectly circular in relation to the hub with no left or right bulges nor 'flat spots'.
liaised: simple past and past participle of liaise
liaises: third-person singular simple present indicative of liaise
impanel: To enrol (jurors), e.g. from a jury pool; to register (the names of jurors) on a "panel" or official list.
empanel: Alternative spelling of impanel
nickels: third-person singular simple present indicative of nickel
causate: To cause.
disleaf: To remove the leaves from.
adorate: To worship, adore.
squoosh: To squash or squeeze.
squoosh: To be squashed or squeezed; to squish.
monolog: Alternative form of monologue
sedates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sedate
ridding: present participle and gerund of rid
spitten: past participle of spit
saltate: To leap or dance.
regaled: simple past and past participle of regale
confers: third-person singular simple present indicative of confer
whupped: simple past and past participle of whup
bronzed: simple past and past participle of bronze
lynched: simple past and past participle of lynch
gloated: simple past and past participle of gloat
rousted: simple past and past participle of roust
sniping: present participle and gerund of snipe
shagged: simple past and past participle of shag
immured: simple past and past participle of immure
sent up: simple past and past participle of send up
send up: To imitate someone or something for the purpose of satirical humour.
send up: To put in prison.
send up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see send, up.
paddled: simple past and past participle of paddle
drawled: simple past and past participle of drawl
perused: simple past and past participle of peruse
nestled: simple past and past participle of nestle
essayed: simple past and past participle of essay
blew up: simple past of blow up
coached: simple past and past participle of coach
opacify: To make opaque.
marring: present participle and gerund of mar: ruining, thwarting, spoiling.
tune up: To make adjustments (to an engine or bicycle drivetrain) in order to improve its performance.
tune up: To make preparations for vigorous exercise; to warm up.
tune up: To begin to sing or play music.
tune up: To tune one's instrument in preparation for performance.
tune up: To beat up (someone).
go back: To return to a place or state after having been there at a previous time.
cunting: present participle and gerund of cunt
diffide: To be distrustful
demotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of demote
demoted: simple past and past participle of demote
palsies: third-person singular simple present indicative of palsy
obliges: third-person singular simple present indicative of oblige
calcate: Synonym of trample: to crush or stomp underfoot.
fusspot: To make a fuss, particularly about trivial things.
shotten: past participle of shoot
mildens: third-person singular simple present indicative of milden
variate: To alter; to vary; to make or become different.
greaten: To become great or large; increase; dilate.
greaten: To become great with child; become pregnant.
greaten: To make great; magnify; enlarge; increase.
rumbled: simple past and past participle of rumble
richens: third-person singular simple present indicative of richen
bullied: simple past and past participle of bully
enripen: To ripen; develop from incipiency to maturity; bring to perfection.
enwisen: Render wiser; make scient by subtle means.
enwiden: Broaden; diversify.
ubicate: To take up residence (in a place); to lodge (somewhere).
ubicate: To locate; to find and specify the location of.
spitted: simple past and past participle of spit (Etymology 1)
spitted: simple past and past participle of spit (expectorate, etc, Etymology 2)
ignites: third-person singular simple present indicative of ignite
condite: To pickle; to preserve.
cornute: To give 'horns' to; to make a cuckold of.
decuple: To multiply by ten.
furring: present participle and gerund of fur
furbish: To polish or burnish.
furbish: To renovate or recondition.
fruited: simple past and past participle of fruit
roiling: present participle and gerund of roil
halving: present participle and gerund of halve
berated: simple past and past participle of berate
outdrew: simple past of outdraw
jingles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jingle
synched: simple past and past participle of synch
presoak: To soak in advance.
presoak: To soak laundry in cold water prior to washing, sometimes with the addition of a biological or other preparation.
unleave: To remove the leaves from.
unleave: To lose leaves.
Amazons: third-person singular simple present indicative of Amazon
mummers: third-person singular simple present indicative of mummer
spliced: simple past and past participle of splice
readopt: adopt again
recatch: To catch again.
reweave: To weave again, to weave back.
reapply: To apply again.
readmit: To admit, or allow to enter, again.
recolor: To color again or differently.
re-edit: edit again
pilfers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pilfer
dawdled: simple past and past participle of dawdle
dawdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawdle
reforge: To forge again.
rejudge: To judge anew.
reheard: past participle of rehear
reequip: To equip again; to provide with new equipment
relabel: To label again; to apply a new label to.
relabel: To label differently; to label with something else.
regrade: To grade again, give a new grade or grading to.
regrade: To regroup or reassign.
regrade: To change the classification of (potentially secret documentation).
regrade: To retire or recede.
reteach: teach again
reprice: Give a new price to
restaff: To staff again or anew; to supply with new employees.
restudy: To study again.
reunify: To unify again; to bring back together, or come back together, after separation.
revalue: To value again, give a new value to.
revalue: To apply revaluation to a pension benefit.
prodded: simple past and past participle of prod
reorder: To place in a new order; to rearrange.
reorder: To order (a product, etc.) again.
reorder: To order or command again; to repeat an instruction to.
outdraw: To extract or draw out.
outdraw: To remove a gun from its holster, and fire it, faster than another.
outdraw: To attract a larger crowd than.
outdraw: To draw better than; to surpass in creating drawn artworks.
masking: present participle and gerund of mask
relearn: To learn (something) again.
smocked: simple past and past participle of smock
necrose: To become necrotic.
collabo: To collaborate with another artist, in urban contemporary music.
scrying: present participle and gerund of scry
reissue: To issue again.
reissue: To reprint a series of postage stamps from old plates.
reissue: In patent law: to permit a patent with ministerial errors to be corrected and enforced for the remainder of the original term of the patent.
tussles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tussle
geed up: simple past and past participle of gee up
twocced: simple past and past participle of twoc
hassled: simple past and past participle of hassle
slumped: simple past and past participle of slump
blogged: simple past and past participle of blog
scaling: present participle and gerund of scale
blancos: third-person singular simple present indicative of blanco
pronked: simple past and past participle of pronk
outvote: To cast more votes than another
outvote: To defeat another by obtaining more votes
outrace: To travel faster than another in a competitive event.
deboard: To exit a form of transportation such as a boat, ship, airplane, trolley, streetcar or spaceship.
outwear: To wear out.
outwear: To outlast; to survive or outlive longer than.
outwork: To work out to a finish; to complete.
outwork: To work faster or harder than.
outsole: To fit (footwear) with an outsole.
overage: To have too long an aging process.
sparked: simple past and past participle of spark
seduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of seduce
boosted: simple past and past participle of boost
gagging: present participle and gerund of gag
relaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of relax
bragged: simple past and past participle of brag
unlocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlock
stapled: simple past and past participle of staple
sifting: present participle and gerund of sift
fosters: third-person singular simple present indicative of foster
sodding: present participle and gerund of sod
misfile: To file incorrectly; to file in the wrong place or the wrong way.
miscall: To call (someone) bad names; to insult, abuse.
miscall: To call (something) by the wrong name.
miscall: To make a wrong call (prediction or announcement).
miscall: To announce the result of an election incorrectly.
miscall: To make a wrong call (prediction or announcement).
miscall: To announce one's hand of cards incorrectly.
defames: third-person singular simple present indicative of defame
overfed: simple past and past participle of overfeed
gacking: present participle and gerund of gack
unclose: To open; to unclench.
delayer: To remove layers from; to strip away levels from.
rescale: To alter the scale of a drawing or project; to change the physical proportions.
rescale: To change the scope of a business or project to meet a change in demands.
rescale: To scale again
overbid: To make an excessively high offer to pay or accept a price.
overbid: To outbid.
overbid: To announce a goal, before starting play, that exceeds the goal actually achieved.
overbid: simple past and past participle of overbide
overawe: To restrain, subdue, or control by awe; to cow.
outwore: simple past of outwear
unplugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplug
prizing: present participle and gerund of prize
prizing: prizefighting (abbreviation)
resoled: simple past and past participle of resole
resoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of resole
waltzed: simple past and past participle of waltz
swerved: simple past and past participle of swerve
exhumed: simple past and past participle of exhume
swerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of swerve
slaving: present participle and gerund of slave
debrine: To remove a brine or saturated salt solution from.
tromped: simple past and past participle of tromp
overfly: To fly over something.
overfly: To fly too far past something.
verbing: present participle and gerund of verb
felting: present participle and gerund of felt
churned: simple past and past participle of churn
repeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of repeal
minored: simple past and past participle of minor
bleated: simple past and past participle of bleat
majored: simple past and past participle of major
washers: third-person singular simple present indicative of washer
routers: third-person singular simple present indicative of router
burrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of burrow
equaled: simple past and past participle of equal
cruises: third-person singular simple present indicative of cruise
leavens: third-person singular simple present indicative of leaven
denting: present participle and gerund of dent
falters: third-person singular simple present indicative of falter
pesters: third-person singular simple present indicative of pester
gulling: present participle and gerund of gull
poofing: present participle and gerund of poof
spewing: present participle and gerund of spew
combing: present participle and gerund of comb
redeems: third-person singular simple present indicative of redeem
geeking: present participle and gerund of geek
thralls: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrall
entails: third-person singular simple present indicative of entail
oinking: present participle and gerund of oink
clowned: simple past and past participle of clown
havered: simple past and past participle of haver
chimped: simple past and past participle of chimp
metrics: third-person singular simple present indicative of metric
ciphers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cipher
pooling: present participle and gerund of pool
screeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of screed
bunding: present participle and gerund of bund
ingests: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingest
favored: simple past and past participle of favor
suppers: third-person singular simple present indicative of supper
decants: third-person singular simple present indicative of decant
paroles: third-person singular simple present indicative of parole
deepens: third-person singular simple present indicative of deepen
hectors: third-person singular simple present indicative of hector
befouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of befoul
infests: third-person singular simple present indicative of infest
stented: simple past and past participle of stent
sobered: simple past and past participle of sober
broomed: simple past and past participle of broom
recants: third-person singular simple present indicative of recant
sheered: simple past and past participle of sheer
hurdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurdle
lolling: present participle and gerund of loll
lolling: present participle and gerund of lol
indents: third-person singular simple present indicative of indent
whomped: simple past and past participle of whomp
felling: present participle and gerund of fell
assails: third-person singular simple present indicative of assail
sulking: present participle and gerund of sulk
relents: third-person singular simple present indicative of relent
deafens: third-person singular simple present indicative of deafen
jilting: present participle and gerund of jilt
loppers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lopper
sooking: present participle and gerund of sook
worsens: third-person singular simple present indicative of worsen
chucked: simple past and past participle of chuck
knacked: simple past and past participle of knack
chunked: simple past and past participle of chunk
cuddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuddle
screens: third-person singular simple present indicative of screen
niggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of niggle
weakens: third-person singular simple present indicative of weaken
kinking: present participle and gerund of kink
pulleys: third-person singular simple present indicative of pulley
devours: third-person singular simple present indicative of devour
cartons: third-person singular simple present indicative of carton
peeking: present participle and gerund of peek
impairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of impair
knelled: simple past and past participle of knell
decamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of decamp
piddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of piddle
crouped: simple past and past participle of croup
whitens: third-person singular simple present indicative of whiten
narking: present participle and gerund of nark
detects: third-person singular simple present indicative of detect
veering: present participle and gerund of veer
bedaubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedaub
entombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of entomb
venting: present participle and gerund of vent
uncoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncoil
wicking: present participle and gerund of wick
erupted: simple past and past participle of erupt
wafting: present participle and gerund of waft
clucked: simple past and past participle of cluck
maligns: third-person singular simple present indicative of malign
curding: present participle and gerund of curd
shrills: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrill
swooped: simple past and past participle of swoop
shirked: simple past and past participle of shirk
loosens: third-person singular simple present indicative of loosen
knolled: simple past and past participle of knoll
sallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of sallow
affirms: third-person singular simple present indicative of affirm
staling: present participle and gerund of stale
ballots: third-person singular simple present indicative of ballot
extorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of extort
hoarded: simple past and past participle of hoard
rucking: present participle and gerund of ruck
lessens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lessen
tutored: simple past and past participle of tutor
woofing: present participle and gerund of woof
maddens: third-person singular simple present indicative of madden
evicted: simple past and past participle of evict
saddens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sadden
spruiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of spruik
knouted: simple past and past participle of knout
diadems: third-person singular simple present indicative of diadem
benumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of benumb
sprawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprawl
veeling: present participle and gerund of veel
parlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of parlay
unloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of unload
buffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of buffer
sickens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sicken
rollers: third-person singular simple present indicative of roller
cobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cobble
plinked: simple past and past participle of plink
brocked: simple past and past participle of brock
bobbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of bobbar
fattens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fatten
twirled: simple past and past participle of twirl
debarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of debark
livened: simple past and past participle of liven
mascots: third-person singular simple present indicative of mascot
thrills: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrill
wisting: present participle and gerund of wist
pooting: present participle and gerund of poot
jarping: present participle and gerund of jarp
uncurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncurl
regifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of regift
extolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of extoll
assains: third-person singular simple present indicative of assain
retests: third-person singular simple present indicative of retest
palters: third-person singular simple present indicative of palter
rewords: third-person singular simple present indicative of reword
redials: third-person singular simple present indicative of redial
repacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of repack
haeting: present participle and gerund of haet
unleafs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unleaf
reboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of reboil
recooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recook
remolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of remold
remelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of remelt
reoccur: To occur again; to recur.
tumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tumble
go west: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, west.
go west: Synonym of set: to move toward the western horizon, to go down.
go west: Synonym of die.
go west: To be lost, destroyed, or otherwise ruined.
go west: To move to the American West, particularly (historical) during the 19th century era.
hulling: present participle and gerund of hull
attinge: To touch lightly.
pashing: present participle and gerund of pash
reviles: third-person singular simple present indicative of revile
handset: To typeset by hand.
overbuy: To buy excessively, especially to buy more than one needs or can afford.
overbuy: To buy at an inflated price.
overtax: To tax to an excessive degree.
overtax: To overburden.
overjoy: To give great joy, delight or pleasure to.
overjoy: To give too much joy to.
overjoy: To take too much pleasure (in something).
bamming: present participle and gerund of bam
shewing: present participle and gerund of shew
apanage: To confer an apanage upon.
calefie: Obsolete spelling of calefy
stupify: Alternative form of stupefy
aeriate: Archaic form of aerate.
compone: To compose; to settle; to arrange.
tenured: simple past and past participle of tenure
sat nav: To navigate using satellite navigation system.
imprime: To drive (a hunted animal) out of its shelter.
maligne: Obsolete spelling of malign.
mincing: present participle and gerund of mince
tambour: To embroider on a tambour (circular frame).
rogered: simple past and past participle of roger
frilled: simple past and past participle of frill
roll up: To make something into a particular shape, especially cylindrical or fold-like.
roll up: To make something into a particular shape, especially cylindrical or fold-like.
roll up: To pack up into a bundle or bindle.
roll up: To raise (a car window, rolling door, or rolling security barrier).
roll up: To roll the dice necessary to create a character for a game, especially a role-playing game.
roll up: To arrive by vehicle, usually by car.
planish: To repeatedly hammer (a sheet of metal) so as to shape and smooth it or create a decorative indented finish.
gutshot: simple past and past participle of gutshoot
depulse: To drive away.
messing: present participle and gerund of mess
evocate: To evoke
evocate: To call up
flushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flush
demerge: To separate companies that were formerly combined; to reverse a merger.
demerge: To plunge down into; to sink; to immerse.
demerse: To immerse (something).
immerge: To plunge (something) into, under, or within anything, especially a fluid; to immerse, to dip.
immerge: To disappear by entering into any medium, as a star into the light of the sun.
chinwag: To chat, to gossip.
trashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of trash
tarries: third-person singular simple present indicative of tarry
tinkers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tinker
bounced: simple past and past participle of bounce
cohæred: simple past and past participle of cohære
cohæres: third-person singular simple present indicative of cohære
yuppify: To redevelop (an urban area or commercial premises) so as to attract affluent young professionals as residents or clientele.
deskill: To redesign (a job) so that less skill is required to carry it out, for example through the introduction of new technology.
deskill: To change the role of (workers) so that they are no longer required or able to use the skills that they have acquired.
spurtle: To spurt, spatter or sputter; to spurt in a scattering manner.
pollard: To prune a tree heavily, cutting branches back to the trunk, so that it produces dense new growth.
disbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbar
munched: simple past and past participle of munch
munches: third-person singular simple present indicative of munch
jack in: To stop doing a regular activity, such as a job or studying.
jack in: To insert an electronic coupling into a receptacle; to connect to something, whether involving a physical medium or not.
jack in: To connect a brain directly to a computer.
cupping: present participle and gerund of cup
jack up: To raise, hoist, or lift a thing using a jack, or similar means.
jack up: To raise, increase, or accelerate; often said of prices, fees, or rates.
jack up: To ruin; wreck; mess up; screw up; sometimes as a bowdlerized substitution for fuck up.
jack up: To give up; to abandon (something, e.g. a job, contract)
jack up: To organise something.
jack up: To shoot, especially in the context of a poor shot opportunity.
plenish: To fill up, to stock or supply (something).
plenish: Specifically, to stock land or a house (with livestock or furniture).
clashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of clash
clashed: simple past and past participle of clash
prebend: To bend in advance.
curated: simple past and past participle of curate
sussing: present participle and gerund of suss
underdo: To put under, subject.
underdo: To do something insufficiently; especially to undercook.
underdo: To act below one's abilities; do less than one can.
underdo: To do less than is requisite.
tie-dye: To tie strings around (fabric or clothing) and then dye it, in such a manner that the tied parts do not get colored.
lift up: To elevate to a higher position.
lift up: To exalt the mood of someone.
lift up: To raise the volume of (one's voice).
deterge: To clean (especially a wound) of undesirable material.
see off: To accompany someone to a point of departure; to ensure someone departs safely.
see off: To defeat; to get rid of.
yessing: present participle and gerund of yes
skeeted: simple past and past participle of skeet
beagles: third-person singular simple present indicative of beagle
gusting: present participle and gerund of gust
swivels: third-person singular simple present indicative of swivel
rosters: third-person singular simple present indicative of roster
subtend: To use an angle to delimit (mark off, enclose) part of a straight or curved line, for example an arc or the opposite side of a triangle.
subtend: To extend or stretch opposite something; to be part of a straight or curved line that is opposite to and delimits an angle.
subtend: To form the central angle of a circle underneath an arc
finking: present participle and gerund of fink
louting: present participle and gerund of lout
rewilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewild
defangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of defang
flossed: simple past and past participle of floss
flosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of floss
timbrel: To play the timbrel.
timbrel: To accompany with the sound of the timbrel.
go-kart: To take part in the sport or activity of go-karting.
gambrel: To truss or hang up using a gambrel.
unfound: To disestablish; to undo the founding of.
unfound: To dismiss a criminal charge as unfounded.
staffed: simple past and past participle of staff
swingle: To beat or flog, especially for extracting the fibres from flax stalks; to scutch.
swingle: To dangle; to wave hanging.
swingle: To swing for pleasure.
remised: simple past and past participle of remise
coop up: To confine in a restricted place or situation
envying: present participle and gerund of envy
recross: To cross again.
gadding: present participle and gerund of gad
thiefed: simple past and past participle of thief, meaning to steal.
bleeded: simple past and past participle of bleed
subduct: To push under or below.
subduct: To move downwards underneath something.
subduct: To remove; to deduct; to take away; to disregard.
tinning: present participle and gerund of tin
tack up: To prepare a horse for riding by equipping it with tack (harness, reins, saddle etc.)
tack up: To attach in a temporary fashion.
kilting: present participle and gerund of kilt
tryhard: To put perhaps too much effort into a recreational activity, typically a game.
ramp up: To increase rapidly to a new value.
ramp up: To increase (something) rapidly to a new value; to cause (something) to ramp up.
ramp up: To start up; to be in an initial phase of rapid increase.
ramp up: To start (something) up; to cause (something) to ramp up.
tut-tut: To express such a sound, especially as a mild reproof
shaming: present participle and gerund of shame
zig-zag: Alternative spelling of zigzag
bluffed: simple past and past participle of bluff
rivered: simple past and past participle of river
razzing: present participle and gerund of razz
topspin: To spin (a ball) with this motion.
grading: present participle and gerund of grade
berhyme: To compose rhymes about; celebrate in rhyme; make poetry about someone.
berhyme: To lampoon.
spieled: simple past and past participle of spiel
teeters: third-person singular simple present indicative of teeter
hollers: third-person singular simple present indicative of holler
knapped: simple past and past participle of knap
redrawn: past participle of redraw
honeyed: simple past and past participle of honey
henpeck: To nag persistently.
schlomp: To move in a slumpy, flaccid manner.
walaʻau: to chatter, talk incessantly
palsied: simple past and past participle of palsy
binging: present participle and gerund of bing
binging: present participle and gerund of binge
detorse: To apply detorsion.
bestirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestir
conject: To conjecture.
conject: To throw together, or to throw.
adheres: third-person singular simple present indicative of adhere
spanned: simple past and past participle of span
jazz up: To make gaudy and bright.
jazz up: To give a rhythm or melody reminiscent of jazz.
curdled: simple past and past participle of curdle
pay out: To distribute money; to disburse
pay out: To slacken a rope by lengthening it; to allow a rope to run out.
pay out: To slacken by lengthening.
pay out: To repay, take revenge
pay out: To make fun of or insult, often in a teasing manner.
pimpled: simple past and past participle of pimple
pitapat: Alternative spelling of pit-a-pat
augured: simple past and past participle of augur
ditched: simple past and past participle of ditch
donated: simple past and past participle of donate
playact: Alternative form of play-act.
blatter: To blather.
blatter: To hurry or rush noisily.
pregame: To consume alcohol prior to an event.
vote in: To collectively approve a nominee for an office or position as a result of voting.
minuted: simple past and past participle of minute
paroled: simple past and past participle of parole
goosing: present participle and gerund of goose
valving: present participle and gerund of valve
alleges: third-person singular simple present indicative of allege
browsed: simple past and past participle of browse
locates: third-person singular simple present indicative of locate
papered: simple past and past participle of paper
castled: simple past and past participle of castle
smelted: simple past and past participle of smelt
piecing: present participle and gerund of piece
fabling: present participle and gerund of fable
gambled: simple past and past participle of gamble
impured: simple past and past participle of impure
browses: third-person singular simple present indicative of browse
bribing: present participle and gerund of bribe
snaking: present participle and gerund of snake
zippers: third-person singular simple present indicative of zipper
injures: third-person singular simple present indicative of injure
breezed: simple past and past participle of breeze
exiling: present participle and gerund of exile
thieved: simple past and past participle of thieve
rouging: present participle and gerund of rouge
tupping: present participle and gerund of tup
donning: present participle and gerund of don
sabring: present participle and gerund of sabre
cruised: simple past and past participle of cruise
greases: third-person singular simple present indicative of grease
pirated: simple past and past participle of pirate
swigged: simple past and past participle of swig
valuing: present participle and gerund of value
candled: simple past and past participle of candle
grubbed: simple past and past participle of grub
gelling: present participle and gerund of gel
allured: simple past and past participle of allure
deposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of depose
corpsed: simple past and past participle of corpse
ankling: present participle and gerund of ankle
snaring: present participle and gerund of snare
exposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of expose
greased: simple past and past participle of grease
singled: simple past and past participle of single
whoring: present participle and gerund of whore
stodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of stodge
impures: third-person singular simple present indicative of impure
lofting: present participle and gerund of loft
bridged: simple past and past participle of bridge
lathing: present participle and gerund of lathe
allures: third-person singular simple present indicative of allure
saucing: present participle and gerund of sauce
braking: present participle and gerund of brake
imbibed: simple past and past participle of imbibe
parring: present participle and gerund of par
spiting: present participle and gerund of spite
battled: simple past and past participle of battle
sieging: present participle and gerund of siege
aversed: simple past and past participle of averse
waffled: simple past and past participle of waffle
fleeces: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleece
gracing: present participle and gerund of grace
piquing: present participle and gerund of pique
sponged: simple past and past participle of sponge
kitting: present participle and gerund of kit
fizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fizzle
fizzled: simple past and past participle of fizzle
gloving: present participle and gerund of glove
averses: third-person singular simple present indicative of averse
exhaled: simple past and past participle of exhale
wallops: third-person singular simple present indicative of wallop
feebled: simple past and past participle of feeble
feebles: third-person singular simple present indicative of feeble
imbuing: present participle and gerund of imbue
imbibes: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbibe
advents: third-person singular simple present indicative of advent
aviates: third-person singular simple present indicative of aviate
tripled: simple past and past participle of triple
craning: present participle and gerund of crane
bumbled: simple past and past participle of bumble
fleeced: simple past and past participle of fleece
caching: present participle and gerund of cache
aviated: simple past and past participle of aviate
derates: third-person singular simple present indicative of derate
derated: simple past and past participle of derate
fobbing: present participle and gerund of fob
chocked: simple past and past participle of chock
duffing: present participle and gerund of duff
hobbing: present participle and gerund of hob
bobbled: simple past and past participle of bobble
deludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of delude
gyrated: simple past and past participle of gyrate
negated: simple past and past participle of negate
gyrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gyrate
intoned: simple past and past participle of intone
recused: simple past and past participle of recuse
pursing: present participle and gerund of purse
negates: third-person singular simple present indicative of negate
tweezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tweeze
wangled: simple past and past participle of wangle
bobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bobble
tweezed: simple past and past participle of tweeze
spuming: present participle and gerund of spume
niggled: simple past and past participle of niggle
cradled: simple past and past participle of cradle
sparged: simple past and past participle of sparge
incised: simple past and past participle of incise
enlaced: simple past and past participle of enlace
phasing: present participle and gerund of phase
gaiting: present participle and gerund of gait
ensures: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensure
encased: simple past and past participle of encase
encases: third-person singular simple present indicative of encase
sparges: third-person singular simple present indicative of sparge
drudged: simple past and past participle of drudge
ensured: simple past and past participle of ensure
flawing: present participle and gerund of flaw
kedging: present participle and gerund of kedge
denudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of denude
scribed: simple past and past participle of scribe
slaking: present participle and gerund of slake
squired: simple past and past participle of squire
incises: third-person singular simple present indicative of incise
renames: third-person singular simple present indicative of rename
swathed: simple past and past participle of swathe
tricing: present participle and gerund of trice
exuding: present participle and gerund of exude
tolling: present participle and gerund of toll
behoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of behove
plunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of plunge
gorging: present participle and gerund of gorge
babbled: simple past and past participle of babble
prising: present participle and gerund of prise
squires: third-person singular simple present indicative of squire
coddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of coddle
inhales: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhale
groused: simple past and past participle of grouse
crazing: present participle and gerund of craze
spiking: present participle and gerund of spike
coddled: simple past and past participle of coddle
unseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unseat
donates: third-person singular simple present indicative of donate
fording: present participle and gerund of ford
behoved: simple past and past participle of behove
babbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of babble
bemuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemuse
giggled: simple past and past participle of giggle
hedging: present participle and gerund of hedge
reneges: third-person singular simple present indicative of renege
umpired: simple past and past participle of umpire
scythed: simple past and past participle of scythe
staking: present participle and gerund of stake
piffled: simple past and past participle of piffle
piffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of piffle
entices: third-person singular simple present indicative of entice
stabled: simple past and past participle of stable
trouped: simple past and past participle of troupe
peruses: third-person singular simple present indicative of peruse
grudged: simple past and past participle of grudge
sutured: simple past and past participle of suture
recuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of recuse
solaced: simple past and past participle of solace
engulfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of engulf
veneers: third-person singular simple present indicative of veneer
kibozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kiboze
gravels: third-person singular simple present indicative of gravel
reusing: present participle and gerund of reuse
kibozed: simple past and past participle of kiboze
waddled: simple past and past participle of waddle
waggled: simple past and past participle of waggle
enlaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlace
defamed: simple past and past participle of defame
tiffing: present participle and gerund of tiff
subdues: third-person singular simple present indicative of subdue
scoping: present participle and gerund of scope
topples: third-person singular simple present indicative of topple
toppled: simple past and past participle of topple
sidling: present participle and gerund of sidle
waddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of waddle
sousing: present participle and gerund of souse
heckled: simple past and past participle of heckle
dodging: present participle and gerund of dodge
sledged: simple past and past participle of sledge
salving: present participle and gerund of salve
heckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of heckle
derides: third-person singular simple present indicative of deride
joshing: present participle and gerund of josh
bridled: simple past and past participle of bridle
ridging: present participle and gerund of ridge
canters: third-person singular simple present indicative of canter
yawping: present participle and gerund of yawp
snirted: simple past and past participle of snirt
feagued: simple past and past participle of feague.
pounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of pounce
bugling: present participle and gerund of bugle
feagues: third-person singular simple present indicative of feague
unrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unroll
addling: present participle and gerund of addle.
paraded: simple past and past participle of parade
salutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of salute
burbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of burble
mingles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mingle
juggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of juggle
mizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mizzle
ionized: simple past and past participle of ionize
pounced: simple past and past participle of pounce
impedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of impede
invokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of invoke
emerges: third-person singular simple present indicative of emerge
mizzled: simple past and past participle of mizzle
mizzled: Deliberate misspelling of misled.
infused: simple past and past participle of infuse
infuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of infuse
moodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of moodle
boggled: simple past and past participle of boggle
ionizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ionize
boggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of boggle
moodled: simple past and past participle of moodle
debases: third-person singular simple present indicative of debase
footled: simple past and past participle of footle
footles: third-person singular simple present indicative of footle
gallops: third-person singular simple present indicative of gallop
retypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retype
mantled: simple past and past participle of mantle
titling: present participle and gerund of title
unyokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unyoke
skyping: present participle and gerund of skype
decoded: simple past and past participle of decode
gabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gabble
gabbled: simple past and past participle of gabble
retyped: simple past and past participle of retype
decodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of decode
thudded: simple past and past participle of thud
enduing: present participle and gerund of endue
halters: third-person singular simple present indicative of halter
ecycled: simple past and past participle of ecycle
nestles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nestle
melding: present participle and gerund of meld
unyoked: simple past and past participle of unyoke
ecycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ecycle
excised: simple past and past participle of excise
purfled: simple past and past participle of purfle
gargled: simple past and past participle of gargle
emoting: present participle and gerund of emote
apposed: simple past and past participle of appose
sluiced: simple past and past participle of sluice
curdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of curdle
ruckled: simple past and past participle of ruckle
repines: third-person singular simple present indicative of repine
levants: third-person singular simple present indicative of levant
snuffed: simple past and past participle of snuff
tinging: present participle and gerund of tinge
tinging: present participle and gerund of ting
refills: third-person singular simple present indicative of refill
arouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of arouse
apposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of appose
attunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of attune
ruckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruckle
rinsing: present participle and gerund of rinse
cackled: simple past and past participle of cackle
tholing: present participle and gerund of thole
lunging: present participle and gerund of lunge
humbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of humble
sliting: present participle and gerund of slite
limbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of limber
enrobed: simple past and past participle of enrobe
repined: simple past and past participle of repine
justled: simple past and past participle of justle
justles: third-person singular simple present indicative of justle
enrobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrobe
snipped: simple past and past participle of snip
buttled: simple past and past participle of buttle
buttles: third-person singular simple present indicative of buttle
blipped: simple past and past participle of blip
puggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of puggle
depaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of depave
vittled: simple past and past participle of vittle
depaved: simple past and past participle of depave
refaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of reface
puggled: simple past and past participle of puggle
refaced: simple past and past participle of reface
weeting: present participle and gerund of weet
spunged: simple past and past participle of spunge
deputed: simple past and past participle of depute
decoked: simple past and past participle of decoke
enfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of enfold
sexiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sexile
foozled: simple past and past participle of foozle
sexiled: simple past and past participle of sexile
coacted: simple past and past participle of coact
effused: simple past and past participle of effuse
bemired: simple past and past participle of bemire
effuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of effuse
bousing: present participle and gerund of bouse
bowsing: present participle and gerund of bowse
drowsed: simple past and past participle of drowse
ruddled: simple past and past participle of ruddle
bemires: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemire
reddled: simple past and past participle of reddle
drowses: third-person singular simple present indicative of drowse
touzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of touzle
rootles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rootle
teasles: third-person singular simple present indicative of teasle
ruddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruddle
nurdled: simple past and past participle of nurdle
deputes: third-person singular simple present indicative of depute
rootled: simple past and past participle of rootle
keeving: present participle and gerund of keeve
fuddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuddle
fuddled: simple past and past participle of fuddle
reddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of reddle
touzled: simple past and past participle of touzle (Alternative spelling of tousled)
fixates: third-person singular simple present indicative of fixate
skriked: simple past and past participle of skrike
mumping: present participle and gerund of mump
deicing: present participle and gerund of deice
yeaning: present participle and gerund of yean
bobared: simple past and past participle of bobar
berimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of berime
berimed: simple past and past participle of berime
creaked: simple past and past participle of creak
rewarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewarm
tootles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tootle
skrikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of skrike
scowled: simple past and past participle of scowl
thinned: simple past and past participle of thin
rustled: simple past and past participle of rustle
daunted: simple past and past participle of daunt
plotted: simple past and past participle of plot
endears: third-person singular simple present indicative of endear
zipping: present participle and gerund of zip
wagging: present participle and gerund of wag
reaping: present participle and gerund of reap
swifter: To tighten (e.g. slack standing rigging) by bringing the opposite shrouds nearer.
dwining: present participle and gerund of dwine
boaking: present participle and gerund of boak
lionise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of lionize.
hobbled: simple past and past participle of hobble
advects: third-person singular simple present indicative of advect
departs: third-person singular simple present indicative of depart
depants: To remove the trousers from (someone), often by force or surprise as a prank.
reseeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of reseed
unstops: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstop
unhorse: To forcibly remove from a horse.
unhorse: To disrupt or unseat; to remove from a position.
wrested: simple past and past participle of wrest
deifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of deify
live up: To fulfil the expectations placed upon one.
pulsing: present participle and gerund of pulse
miscues: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscue
chitted: simple past and past participle of chit
minivan: To travel or transport in a small van.
taunted: simple past and past participle of taunt
bundled: simple past and past participle of bundle
rambled: simple past and past participle of ramble
thumped: simple past and past participle of thump
snubbed: simple past and past participle of snub
levying: present participle and gerund of levy
ill-use: To treat someone badly, cruelly or unkindly.
lurched: simple past and past participle of lurch
lurches: third-person singular simple present indicative of lurch
catting: present participle and gerund of cat
nettled: simple past and past participle of nettle
arching: present participle and gerund of arch
yelping: present participle and gerund of yelp
mistime: To do at the wrong time; especially to misjudge the timing of coordinated events.
caveats: third-person singular simple present indicative of caveat
purring: present participle and gerund of purr
redraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of redraw
molders: third-person singular simple present indicative of molder
scamped: simple past and past participle of scamp
dogtrot: To move at the pace of a dogtrot
feedest: second-person singular simple present indicative of feed
lookest: second-person singular simple present indicative of look
huggest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hug
gettest: second-person singular simple present indicative of get
gottest: second-person singular simple past indicative of get
pushest: second-person singular simple present indicative of push
hittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hit
cooketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of cook
blowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blow
kissest: second-person singular simple present indicative of kiss
cookest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cook
sipping: present participle and gerund of sip
scoured: simple past and past participle of scour
slashed: simple past and past participle of slash
misdone: past participle of misdo
couldst: second-person singular simple past indicative of can
misplay: To play incorrectly or poorly.
laudate: To laud.
ringlet: To form into ringlets.
ringlet: To surround or encircle like a ringlet.
misname: To call by a wrong name.
misname: To give an unsuitable or injurious name to; name incorrectly.
coaling: present participle and gerund of coal
work at: To make a physical or mental effort to progress some specified task; to endeavor or struggle on an issue or project.
strives: third-person singular simple present indicative of strive
plaited: simple past and past participle of plait
heliski: Alternative spelling of heli-ski
elating: present participle and gerund of elate
harnass: Alternative spelling of harness
adjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjoin
reraise: To raise again or anew.
reraise: To raise another raise.
shrooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of shroom
braaing: present participle and gerund of braai
braaied: simple past and past participle of braai
ragdoll: To be flung about, such that a person or character has an appearance like that of a rag doll that is flung about.
ragdoll: To fling about, such as to cause a person or character to have an appearance like that of a rag doll that is flung about.
play up: To misbehave.
play up: To make or attempt to make something appear more important, likely, or obvious; to showcase or highlight.
play up: To play more vigorously.
play up: To be unfaithful to a lover; to cheat; used with on.
norther: To move or go toward the north.
norther: To blow from (closer to) the north, pushing ships (etc) towards the south; to have its apparent source shift northward.
pipe up: To speak up, especially in a robust, assertive manner; to say something suddenly.
pipe up: To begin singing or playing musical notes on a pipe or similar wind instrument.
pipe up: To begin to blow more vigorously.
pipe up: To call, awaken, or summon, as with a musical instrument.
rise up: To ascend to the surface.
rise up: To mount a rebellion or insurgency; to rebel; to revolt.
rise up: To rear.
prilled: simple past and past participle of prill
relived: simple past and past participle of relive
relives: third-person singular simple present indicative of relive
bestows: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestow
sensing: present participle and gerund of sense
overbet: To bet an amount which is more than standard for a particular situation.
gear up: To prepare for an activity.
gear up: To put on special clothing or equipment.
rasping: present participle and gerund of rasp
lump it: To endure, accept, put up with a situation one does not like.
flunked: simple past and past participle of flunk
incrust: Alternative form of encrust
ashames: third-person singular simple present indicative of ashame
indwell: To exist within, especially as a spirit or driving force.
indorse: Alternative form of endorse
ratting: present participle and gerund of rat
hilling: present participle and gerund of hill
curl up: to curl, make curly, shape into curls
curl up: to become curly
curl up: to coil or shrivel, make into a coil
curl up: to become coiled or shriveled
curl up: to shape one's body into a somewhat ball-like shape, with one's legs tucked into the abdomen, especially for cosiness or for protection.
unbends: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbend
reenter: To enter again; return into.
reenter: To enter again; retype, reinput.
reenter: To cut deeper where the aqua fortis has not bitten sufficiently.
biobank: To store (biological material) in a biobank.
calving: present participle and gerund of calve
save up: To accumulate money, especially for a specific, planned expenditure.
slashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slash
buckled: simple past and past participle of buckle
hustled: simple past and past participle of hustle
rippled: simple past and past participle of ripple
hancing: present participle and gerund of hance
hampers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hamper
luffing: present participle and gerund of luff
recking: present participle and gerund of reck
resents: third-person singular simple present indicative of resent
ricking: present participle and gerund of rick
pearled: simple past and past participle of pearl
marling: present participle and gerund of marl
orients: third-person singular simple present indicative of orient
embalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of embalm
shanked: simple past and past participle of shank
swarted: simple past and past participle of swart
marauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of maraud
fadging: present participle and gerund of fadge
elapses: third-person singular simple present indicative of elapse
snooded: simple past and past participle of snood
plonked: simple past and past participle of plonk
pulping: present participle and gerund of pulp
eluding: present participle and gerund of elude
wuthers: third-person singular simple present indicative of wuther
gryping: present participle and gerund of grype
braises: third-person singular simple present indicative of braise
welshed: simple past and past participle of welsh
garners: third-person singular simple present indicative of garner
sarcled: simple past and past participle of sarcle
brigued: simple past and past participle of brigue
instils: third-person singular simple present indicative of instil
sarcles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sarcle
brigues: third-person singular simple present indicative of brigue
cloaked: simple past and past participle of cloak
sherpas: third-person singular simple present indicative of sherpa
retells: third-person singular simple present indicative of retell
subtype: To categorise as a subtype.
vacated: simple past and past participle of vacate
nabbing: present participle and gerund of nab
budging: present participle and gerund of budge
vapours: third-person singular simple present indicative of vapour
outwits: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwit
red-eye: Often followed by it: to travel on a red-eye (“an overnight airplane flight”).
hashing: present participle and gerund of hash
veiling: present participle and gerund of veil
dirtied: simple past and past participle of dirty
dirties: third-person singular simple present indicative of dirty
muddied: simple past and past participle of muddy
tintack: To sack; to fire from a job.
clubbed: simple past and past participle of club
hooting: present participle and gerund of hoot
tackled: simple past and past participle of tackle
summing: present participle and gerund of sum
slitten: past participle of slit
yowling: present participle and gerund of yowl
crooned: simple past and past participle of croon
taxiing: present participle and gerund of taxi
mobbing: present participle and gerund of mob
dangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dangle
chugged: simple past and past participle of chug
filiate: To adopt as son or daughter.
filiate: To establish filiation between (see "filiation" for the many senses).
blitzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blitz
asphyxy: Rare form of asphyxiate.
slanged: simple past and past participle of slang
tattoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of tattoo
yanking: present participle and gerund of yank
swiping: present participle and gerund of swipe
barging: present participle and gerund of barge
donking: present participle and gerund of donk
deckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of deckle
eloping: present participle and gerund of elope
enjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjoin
spanged: simple past and past participle of spang
spanged: simple past and past participle of spange
croyned: simple past and past participle of croyn
manures: third-person singular simple present indicative of manure
manured: simple past and past participle of manure
touting: present participle and gerund of tout
gnashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnash
gnashed: simple past and past participle of gnash
minning: present participle and gerund of min
patined: simple past and past participle of patine
baulked: simple past and past participle of baulk
infixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of infix
swirled: simple past and past participle of swirl
drummed: simple past and past participle of drum
vouched: simple past and past participle of vouch
ousting: present participle and gerund of oust
engined: simple past and past participle of engine
vialing: present participle and gerund of vial
phialed: simple past and past participle of phial
endures: third-person singular simple present indicative of endure
glueing: present participle and gerund of glue; alternative spelling of gluing
eddying: present participle and gerund of eddy
kneaded: simple past and past participle of knead
cessing: present participle and gerund of cess
live on: To survive solely by consuming a certain thing.
live on: To endure.
live on: To be defined on.
pinning: present participle and gerund of pin
cajoled: simple past and past participle of cajole
poo poo: Alternative spelling of pooh-pooh
hurtled: simple past and past participle of hurtle
deluged: simple past and past participle of deluge
trooped: simple past and past participle of troop
hurtles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurtle
piloted: simple past and past participle of pilot
gurgled: simple past and past participle of gurgle
braving: present participle and gerund of brave
croaked: simple past and past participle of croak
defuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of defuse
flicked: simple past and past participle of flick
cudgels: third-person singular simple present indicative of cudgel
fussing: present participle and gerund of fuss
cyclize: To undergo, or cause to undergo, a reaction resulting in the formation of an aromatic or ring structure.
pittled: simple past and past participle of pittle
gobbled: simple past and past participle of gobble
gobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gobble
piddled: simple past and past participle of piddle
haveing: present participle and gerund of have
gritted: simple past and past participle of grit
snivels: third-person singular simple present indicative of snivel
suborns: third-person singular simple present indicative of suborn
pittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pittle
throned: simple past and past participle of throne
raiding: present participle and gerund of raid
dewater: To remove water from.
torqued: simple past and past participle of torque
refroze: simple past of refreeze
exscind: To cut out.
exscind: To destroy utterly, to extirpate.
desysop: To revoke the sysop (administrator) privileges of.
torques: third-person singular simple present indicative of torque
tallied: simple past and past participle of tally
toddled: simple past and past participle of toddle
tiptoed: simple past and past participle of tiptoe
trussed: simple past and past participle of truss
tiptoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tiptoe
tidying: present participle and gerund of tidy
greying: present participle and gerund of grey
unmasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmask
beagled: simple past and past participle of beagle
videoed: simple past and past participle of video
foraged: simple past and past participle of forage
muggled: simple past and past participle of muggle
platted: simple past and past participle of plat
tattoed: simple past and past participle of tattoo
unvails: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvail
blagged: simple past and past participle of blag
beaking: present participle and gerund of beak
frailed: simple past and past participle of frail
teethes: third-person singular simple present indicative of teethe
teethed: simple past and past participle of teethe
shivved: simple past and past participle of shiv
poncing: present participle and gerund of ponce
scabbed: simple past and past participle of scab
acknown: past participle of acknow
acknown: Recognized, confessed, disclosed, revealed, realized
acknown: past participle of acknow
acknown: Acknowledged; confessed (often with "of" or "on"), revealed, disclosed, realized
priding: present participle and gerund of pride
bulling: present participle and gerund of bull
sickled: past participle of sickle
regains: third-person singular simple present indicative of regain
unladed: simple past and past participle of unlade
tasered: simple past and past participle of taser
jangled: simple past and past participle of jangle
plashed: simple past and past participle of plash
brenned: simple past and past participle of bren
scagged: simple past and past participle of scag
brokers: third-person singular simple present indicative of broker
incases: third-person singular simple present indicative of incase
incased: simple past and past participle of incase
repaved: simple past and past participle of repave
meteors: third-person singular simple present indicative of meteor
outgone: past participle of outgo
verging: present participle and gerund of verge
outwent: simple past of outgo
remixed: simple past and past participle of remix
chusing: present participle and gerund of chuse
knobbed: simple past and past participle of knob
skudded: simple past and past participle of skud
unlaced: simple past and past participle of unlace
rehired: simple past and past participle of rehire
rehomed: simple past and past participle of rehome
embuing: present participle and gerund of embue
miscued: simple past and past participle of miscue
novated: simple past and past participle of novate
novates: third-person singular simple present indicative of novate
resowed: simple past and past participle of resow
rezoned: simple past and past participle of rezone
whinged: simple past and past participle of whing
whinged: simple past and past participle of whinge
guggled: simple past and past participle of guggle
nicened: simple past and past participle of nicen
guggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of guggle
declaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of declaw
deworms: third-person singular simple present indicative of deworm
rehangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehang
ponding: present participle and gerund of pond
kludged: simple past and past participle of kludge
meshing: present participle and gerund of mesh
mike up: To fit a microphone and transmitter to (a person). Usually for television performers, or for police informers.
upbears: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbear
yellows: third-person singular simple present indicative of yellow
filches: third-person singular simple present indicative of filch
mentors: third-person singular simple present indicative of mentor
notches: third-person singular simple present indicative of notch
outputs: third-person singular simple present indicative of output
miniate: To paint or tinge with red lead or vermilion, or with red letters, as in a manuscript.
troping: present participle and gerund of trope
incused: simple past and past participle of incuse
incuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of incuse
glossed: simple past and past participle of gloss
pierces: third-person singular simple present indicative of pierce
incurve: To cause something to curve inwards.
incurve: To curve inwards.
unfrock: To remove from the clergy; to revoke the clerical status of.
redraft: To draft again
minuets: third-person singular simple present indicative of minuet
twining: present participle and gerund of twine
flopped: simple past and past participle of flop
brazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of brazen
divests: third-person singular simple present indicative of divest
dispels: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispel
scarfed: simple past and past participle of scarf
gigging: present participle and gerund of gig
gibbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of gibber
shoeing: present participle and gerund of shoe
taxying: present participle and gerund of taxi
inuring: present participle and gerund of inure
mistype: To type incorrectly, introducing spelling mistakes or other errors.
mistype: To categorize incorrectly.
refiled: simple past and past participle of refile
shoulde: Obsolete spelling of should
refiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of refile
scouted: simple past and past participle of scout
metered: simple past and past participle of meter
prayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pray
bonuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bonus
lynches: third-person singular simple present indicative of lynch
engraft: To insert, as a scion of one tree or plant into another, for the purpose of propagation; graft onto a plant
engraft: To fix firmly into place
affoard: Obsolete spelling of afford
affowrd: Obsolete spelling of afford
affoord: Obsolete spelling of afford
demaund: Obsolete spelling of demand
sculpts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sculpt
tattled: simple past and past participle of tattle
tattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tattle
unstuck: simple past and past participle of unstick
unstuck: To unstick; to get something unstuck
unbolts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbolt
unpeels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpeel
unstick: To free from the condition of being stuck.
unstick: To become freed from a stuck condition.
unstick: To leave the ground during takeoff.
remould: To mould or shape again.
remould: To reshape or redesign.
toadies: third-person singular simple present indicative of toady
huddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of huddle
kludges: third-person singular simple present indicative of kludge
heavies: third-person singular simple present indicative of heavy
birdied: simple past and past participle of birdie
hotwire: Alternative spelling of hot-wire
coffees: third-person singular simple present indicative of coffee
brobbed: simple past and past participle of brob
deboned: simple past and past participle of debone
cosy up: To snuggle.
bed-hop: To be promiscuous; to have multiple sexual partners.
sprayed: simple past and past participle of spray
savvied: simple past and past participle of savvy
savvies: third-person singular simple present indicative of savvy
anodise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of anodize.
bunched: simple past and past participle of bunch
slotted: simple past and past participle of slot
evitate: To shun; to avoid.
butting: present participle and gerund of butt
butting: present participle and gerund of but
wistest: second-person singular simple past indicative of wit
wottest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wit
wottest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wot
ameling: present participle and gerund of amel
restyle: To refashion something in a new style or shape in order to fit another purpose.
restyle: To give another name, designation or title to something.
policed: simple past and past participle of police
reroute: To change the route taken by something.
polices: third-person singular simple present indicative of police
causing: present participle and gerund of cause
unclasp: to release the clasp from something
unclasp: to become unfastened
unclasp: to separate from being clasped
unbosom: To tell someone about (one's troubles), and thus obtain relief.
unbosom: To free (oneself) of the burden of one's troubles by telling of them.
unbosom: To confess a misdeed.
quopped: simple past and past participle of quop
splices: third-person singular simple present indicative of splice
hobnobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hobnob
uncloak: To remove a cloak or cover from; to deprive of a cloak or cover; to unmask; to reveal.
uncloak: To remove one's cloak.
uncloak: To become visible again by turning off a cloaking device.
jollies: third-person singular simple present indicative of jolly
jagging: present participle and gerund of jag
clunked: simple past and past participle of clunk
levered: simple past and past participle of lever
missent: simple past and past participle of missend
missend: To send incorrectly or to the wrong destination.
grepped: simple past and past participle of grep
mackled: simple past and past participle of mackle
mackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mackle
unitize: To manage as a unit
unitize: To convert, package, or organize into one or more units
resells: third-person singular simple present indicative of resell
ramming: present participle and gerund of ram
hushing: present participle and gerund of hush
hushaby: To lull to sleep by saying "hushaby".
stewing: present participle and gerund of stew
dumbing: present participle and gerund of dumb
unhitch: To disconnect; to detach; to undo that which is hitched.
loaning: present participle and gerund of loan
vacates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vacate
resized: simple past and past participle of resize
resizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of resize
natters: third-person singular simple present indicative of natter
jugging: present participle and gerund of jug
smashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of smash
uncross: To move something, especially one's arms or legs, from a crossed position.
uncross: To undo the crossing or traversal of.
butches: third-person singular simple present indicative of butch
leaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of leach
leached: simple past and past participle of leach
muzzled: simple past and past participle of muzzle
azuring: present participle and gerund of azure
allying: present participle and gerund of ally
acknows: third-person singular simple present indicative of acknow
aggroed: simple past and past participle of aggro
aggroes: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggro
adducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adduct
assruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of assrun
amerces: third-person singular simple present indicative of amerce
adempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adempt
adjured: simple past and past participle of adjure
adduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of adduce
amerced: simple past and past participle of amerce
acquits: third-person singular simple present indicative of acquit
adjures: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjure
affined: simple past and past participle of affine
barhops: third-person singular simple present indicative of barhop
rotavap: Alternative form of rotovap
spit up: To regurgitate or vomit.
dry out: To cause moisture to be completely removed from; to make dry.
dry out: To have excess water evaporate or be otherwise removed; to become dry.
dry out: To (cause to) sober up; to cease to be drunk; to quit using drugs or alcohol.
quashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of quash
tell on: To inform on, to rat out; to tell a person in authority that someone else has done something wrong.
tell on: To cause visible strain to.
careens: third-person singular simple present indicative of careen
dummied: simple past and past participle of dummy
rule OK: To be popularly accepted, or supported by the general majority of people.
kerblam: To explode.
unlaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlace
heat up: To heat, to cause to become hotter.
heat up: To become more exciting or intense.
fishify: To change (flesh) to fish; to transform into a fish.
fishify: To make as wet as a fish; to drench with water.
blesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bless
unloose: To loosen or undo (something that entangles, fastens, holds, or interlocks).
unloose: To relax or slacken (something that clasps or grips, such as the arms or hands).
unloose: To free (someone or something) from a constraint; (figuratively) to release (something which has been suppressed, such as emotions or objectionable things).
unloose: To remove or take off (especially something undesirable).
unloose: To become loose or come off.
unloose: To free from a constraint.
deorbit: To cause to leave orbit.
deorbit: Of an orbiting object, such as a satellite, to leave orbit.
caulked: simple past and past participle of caulk
unsnarl: To remove or undo a snarl or tangle.
pivoted: simple past and past participle of pivot
unrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of unring
wade in: To interrupt someone, or a situation, by doing or saying something abruptly, or forcefully, and usually without thinking about the consequences.
gizzing: To grin and laugh at someone.
gizzing: To gaze.
get wet: To come into contact with water, rain, or another liquid.
get wet: Of a woman, to become sexually aroused, as indicated by the occurrence of the natural lubrication of the vagina.
get wet: slang for using PCP/Angel Dust
unequip: To remove equipment from.
unequip: In role-playing video games, to deactivate (an item carried by a player).
gulping: present participle and gerund of gulp
unglued: simple past and past participle of unglue
dunning: present participle and gerund of dun
unfroze: simple past of unfreeze
leanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lean
tarting: present participle and gerund of tart
tart up: To dress so as to be more sexually attractive, especially with make-up and revealing clothing.
tart up: To dress garishly.
tart up: To modify or repackage a product, service, or idea to make it more attractive or easier to sell.
adds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of add up
evinces: third-person singular simple present indicative of evince
prating: present participle and gerund of prate
kiss up: To pay false flattery to another, particularly a superior at work, in order to get special attention.
kiss up: To pay false flattery.
jabbing: present participle and gerund of jab
recoups: third-person singular simple present indicative of recoup
forgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of forgo
forgone: past participle of forgo
affrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of affray
forwent: simple past of forgo
beknown: past participle of beknow
addends: third-person singular simple present indicative of addend
sizzled: simple past and past participle of sizzle
mulches: third-person singular simple present indicative of mulch
sizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sizzle
spammed: simple past and past participle of spam
helling: present participle and gerund of hell
clichés: third-person singular simple present indicative of cliché
wearies: third-person singular simple present indicative of weary
admixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of admix
sparest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spare
sampled: simple past and past participle of sample
embarge: To put in a barge.
embarge: To board a barge; to embark.
groomed: simple past and past participle of groom
alining: present participle and gerund of aline
tooting: present participle and gerund of toot
loosing: present participle and gerund of loose
loosing: Misspelling of losing.
hocking: present participle and gerund of hock
alerted: simple past and past participle of alert
clammed: simple past and past participle of clam
bopping: present participle and gerund of bop
temping: present participle and gerund of temp
fowling: present participle and gerund of fowl
tingles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tingle
jimmied: simple past and past participle of jimmy
mutates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mutate
lobbing: present participle and gerund of lob
rattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rattle
lendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lend
receiue: obsolete typography of receive
remaine: Obsolete spelling of remain
grosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of gross
beholde: Obsolete spelling of behold
riffing: present participle and gerund of riff
riffing: present participle and gerund of rif
mangoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mango
reshoot: To shoot again, especially of video recording.
cheesed: simple past and past participle of cheese
braised: simple past and past participle of braise
stubbed: simple past and past participle of stub
solvate: To form such a complex upon solution
subbing: present participle and gerund of sub
gutting: present participle and gerund of gut
rathole: To hoard.
rathole: To take a conversation off topic, especially in technical meetings.
rathole: To surreptitiously or prematurely remove chips during a poker game.
rathole: To exit a cash game and re-enter with a smaller stack.
rathole: (of material) To empty only in the center of a hopper or silo, persisting circumferentially.
prepped: simple past and past participle of prep
aliased: simple past and past participle of alias
stomped: simple past and past participle of stomp
shacked: simple past and past participle of shack
entends: third-person singular simple present indicative of entend
golfing: present participle and gerund of golf
impends: third-person singular simple present indicative of impend
weirded: simple past and past participle of weird
partied: simple past and past participle of party
yakking: present participle and gerund of yak
scammed: simple past and past participle of scam
creeped: simple past and past participle of creep
teaming: present participle and gerund of team
dissing: present participle and gerund of diss
ragging: present participle and gerund of rag
relevel: To level again; to restore an even surface or distribution to.
banquet: To participate in a banquet; to feast.
banquet: To have dessert after a feast.
banquet: To treat with a banquet or sumptuous entertainment of food; to feast.
slugged: simple past and past participle of slug
crapped: simple past and past participle of crap
shopped: simple past and past participle of shop
coopers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cooper
cozying: present participle and gerund of cozy
bossing: present participle and gerund of boss
cozy up: Alternative spelling of cosy up
thrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrive
thouest: second-person singular simple present indicative of thou
copping: present participle and gerund of cop
gawking: present participle and gerund of gawk
gabbing: present participle and gerund of gab
dredged: simple past and past participle of dredge
cuddled: simple past and past participle of cuddle
schemed: simple past and past participle of scheme
hotdogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotdog
doodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of doodle
bellied: simple past and past participle of belly
unfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfold
grossed: simple past and past participle of gross
dueling: present participle and gerund of duel
tucking: present participle and gerund of tuck
open up: To open.
open up: To widen.
open up: To reveal oneself; to share personal information about oneself; to become communicative.
open up: To commence firing weapons.
open up: To rain.
open up: To begin running, driving, travelling, etc., at maximum speed.
open up: Synonym of cheat out (“to face or turn toward the audience more than would be natural”)
reframe: To frame again.
reframe: To redescribe, from a different perspective; to relabel.
jump at: To accept something enthusiastically. Usually an opportunity, or chance, or job etc.
burneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of burn
coateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of coat
cutteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut
choketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of choke
cheweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chew
diggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dig
jump in: To enter something quickly, usually a mode of transport.
jump in: To join in on an activity quickly.
jump in: To interrupt someone while they are speaking.
jump in: To initiate into an organization, usually a gang, with violence.
runneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of run
slacked: simple past and past participle of slack
slating: present participle and gerund of slate
getteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of get
ariseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of arise
forcast: To cast away; reject.
forcast: Misspelling of forecast.
damming: present participle and gerund of dam
unifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of unify
dealeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of deal
appeare: Obsolete spelling of appear
draweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of draw
recouer: obsolete typography of recover
kisseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of kiss
faileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fail
filleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fill
hearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hear
showeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of show
needeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of need
telleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tell
subiect: Obsolete spelling of subject
googled: simple past and past participle of google
yorking: present participle and gerund of york
sicking: present participle and gerund of sick
sieving: present participle and gerund of sieve
ponging: present participle and gerund of pong
glutted: simple past and past participle of glut
brining: present participle and gerund of brine
emailed: simple past and past participle of email
crusted: simple past and past participle of crust
omening: present participle and gerund of omen
madders: third-person singular simple present indicative of madder
danging: present participle and gerund of dang
eluting: present participle and gerund of elute
inhered: simple past and past participle of inhere
lathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lather
inheres: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhere
escrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of escrow
scatted: simple past and past participle of scat
girdled: simple past and past participle of girdle
scooted: simple past and past participle of scoot
everted: simple past and past participle of evert
wheezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheeze
girdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of girdle
borging: present participle and gerund of borg
uproots: third-person singular simple present indicative of uproot
tusking: present participle and gerund of tusk
squirms: third-person singular simple present indicative of squirm
bogarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bogart
Borging: present participle and gerund of Borg
juggled: simple past and past participle of juggle
greeked: simple past and past participle of greek
burbled: simple past and past participle of burble
Tasered: simple past and past participle of Taser
indites: third-person singular simple present indicative of indite
betided: simple past and past participle of betide
indited: simple past and past participle of indite
savored: simple past and past participle of savor
savours: third-person singular simple present indicative of savour
snooped: simple past and past participle of snoop
suckled: simple past and past participle of suckle
suckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of suckle
heehaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of heehaw
yabbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of yabber
cooping: present participle and gerund of coop
emended: simple past and past participle of emend
spiffed: simple past and past participle of spiff
betides: third-person singular simple present indicative of betide
higgles: third-person singular simple present indicative of higgle
higgled: simple past and past participle of higgle
inhumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhume
imbosks: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbosk
resewed: simple past and past participle of resew
remints: third-person singular simple present indicative of remint
splains: third-person singular simple present indicative of splain
reechos: third-person singular simple present indicative of reecho
bedazed: simple past and past participle of bedaze
gedging: present participle and gerund of gedge
relined: simple past and past participle of reline
relines: third-person singular simple present indicative of reline
decocts: third-person singular simple present indicative of decoct
dighted: simple past and past participle of dight
fooking: present participle and gerund of fook
jump on: To board a vehicle.
jump on: To attack verbally, to criticise excessively.
jump on: To take immediate action regarding; to avail oneself of without delay.
hot-dog: Alternative form of hot dog
rebooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebook
tongued: simple past and past participle of tongue
biasing: present participle and gerund of bias
belying: present participle and gerund of belie
revests: third-person singular simple present indicative of revest
chimest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chime
alibied: simple past and past participle of alibi
annoint: Archaic form of anoint.
addrest: simple past and past participle of address
come by: To obtain; to get, especially by chance or involuntarily.
come by: To come near to; to pass; to visit.
wayfare: To make a journey; to travel.
beefing: present participle and gerund of beef
bisects: third-person singular simple present indicative of bisect
belches: third-person singular simple present indicative of belch
annexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of annex
annexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of annexe
quiffed: simple past and past participle of quiff
nerving: present participle and gerund of nerve
rely on: To be confident in.
rely on: To be dependent upon.
sunbake: To bake in the sun.
sunbake: To sunbathe.
liplock: Alternative form of lip-lock
epoxies: third-person singular simple present indicative of epoxy
beleeve: Obsolete spelling of believe
helpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of help
wisheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wish
bendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bend
biddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bid
returne: Obsolete spelling of return
leaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of leave
holdest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hold
keepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of keep
poureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pour
raiseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of raise
resteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rest
walkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of walk
seekest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seek
adoreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of adore
turnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of turn
seruice: Obsolete spelling of service
waiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wait
amazeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of amaze
listeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of list
ceaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cease
bespake: simple past of bespeak
longeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of long
tweezer: To use tweezers.
affirme: Obsolete spelling of affirm
bindeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bind
tee hee: To utter tee hee; to make a high-pitched laugh; to titter.
fibrose: To undergo fibrosis.
bearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bear
chaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chase
brokest: second-person singular simple past indicative of break
formeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of form
envieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of envy
looseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of loose
healeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of heal
leadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lead
fearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fear
letteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of let
licketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of lick
proveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of prove
lodgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lodge
meeteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of meet
melteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of melt
fucketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuck
sucketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of suck
warmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of warm
reapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of reap
roareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of roar
shaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of shake
reapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of reap
shewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shew
spokest: second-person singular simple past indicative of speak
weepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of weep
weepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of weep
ticketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of tick
tookest: second-person singular simple past indicative of take
sendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of send
tooketh: alternative third-person singular past of take
abateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abate
dippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dip
winketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of wink
denieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of deny
foameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of foam
halteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of halt
hurteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurt
moaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of moan
panteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pant
puffeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of puff
provest: second-person singular simple present indicative of prove
rooteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of root
liftest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lift
rootest: second-person singular simple present indicative of root
hurtest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hurt
spareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spare
selleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sell
stonest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stone
wantest: second-person singular simple present indicative of want
killest: second-person singular simple present indicative of kill
servest: second-person singular simple present indicative of serve
ringest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ring
wasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of waste
wastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of waste
wearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wear
weareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wear
settest: second-person singular simple present indicative of set
settest: second-person singular simple past indicative of set
sellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sell
openest: second-person singular simple present indicative of open
voyaged: simple past and past participle of voyage
shameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shame
gumming: present participle and gerund of gum
cribble: To pass something through a sieve.
metaled: simple past and past participle of metal
plan on: To expect; to anticipate future actions based on.
bevered: simple past and past participle of bever
wall up: To seal with a wall.
wall in: To enclose by surrounding with walls.
rebinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebind
miskick: To kick incorrectly or badly.
reinter: To bury again, in the same or another grave.
suck in: To cause (someone) to become slowly more and more involved in some business or situation that may not be to their advantage.
suck in: To draw inward.
raineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rain
slayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slay
slewest: second-person singular simple past indicative of slay
shamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shame
smilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of smile
spakest: second-person singular simple past indicative of speak
stolest: second-person singular simple past indicative of steal
singeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sing
singeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of singe
railest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rail
showest: second-person singular simple present indicative of show
raileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rail
viewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of view
variest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vary
varieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vary
vieweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of view
wishest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wish
talkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of talk
willeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of will
beganne: Obsolete spelling of began
beginne: Obsolete spelling of begin
cottons: third-person singular simple present indicative of cotton
move on: To continue, to proceed, to go on
move on: To start dealing with something else.
gladder: Alternative form of gladden
bedazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedaze
videoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of video
xeroxed: simple past and past participle of xerox
xeroxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of xerox
leagued: simple past and past participle of league
blueing: present participle and gerund of blue
habited: simple past and past participle of habit
scroops: third-person singular simple present indicative of scroop
sloshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slosh
clagged: simple past and past participle of clag
zeroize: To set, reset, or initialize something (especially a variable or parameter) to zero.
nurseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of nurse
peereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of peer
pourest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pour
playeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of play
lurketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of lurk
loureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lour
joineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of join
jumpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of jump
meetest: second-person singular simple present indicative of meet
knewest: second-person singular simple past indicative of know
used up: simple past and past participle of use up
kneweth: alternative third-person singular past of know
glideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glide
lanceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lance
huntest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hunt
deniest: second-person singular simple present indicative of deny
hunteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hunt
dealest: second-person singular simple present indicative of deal
horsing: present participle and gerund of horse
causest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cause
clepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clepe
clepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clepe
calmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of calm
craveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crave
cravest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crave
criedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of cry
adorest: second-person singular simple present indicative of adore
burieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bury
buriest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bury
keeneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of keen
slurred: simple past and past participle of slur
backlit: simple past and past participle of backlight
edifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of edify
edified: simple past and past participle of edify
gullies: third-person singular simple present indicative of gully
splayed: simple past and past participle of splay
assayed: simple past and past participle of assay
DIY-ing: present participle and gerund of DIY
aunties: third-person singular simple present indicative of auntie
atomise: Alternative spelling of atomize
pouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of pouch
move it: To hurry; to hurry up
move it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see move, it.
pouched: simple past and past participle of pouch
archest: second-person singular simple present indicative of arch
trusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of truss
uncrate: To remove from a crate.
crating: present participle and gerund of crate
coopted: simple past and past participle of coopt
scathed: simple past and past participle of scathe
scathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scathe
co-opts: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-opt
unwinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwind
sapping: present participle and gerund of sap
savaged: simple past and past participle of savage
jangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jangle
tuckers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tucker
peddled: simple past and past participle of peddle
peddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of peddle
mightst: second-person singular simple past indicative of may
belieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of belie
beliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of belie
dredges: third-person singular simple present indicative of dredge
enamels: third-person singular simple present indicative of enamel
dotting: present participle and gerund of dot
equated: simple past and past participle of equate
equates: third-person singular simple present indicative of equate
festers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fester
ferried: simple past and past participle of ferry
fluxing: present participle and gerund of flux
flaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of flaunt
fleshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flesh
gaggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaggle
flaking: present participle and gerund of flake
affiche: To fix, fasten; to fix a poster or placard to a wall.
affiche: To parade, to advertise, publicise; to display, show.
cambers: third-person singular simple present indicative of camber
bronzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bronze
gridded: simple past and past participle of grid
haggled: simple past and past participle of haggle
haggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of haggle
unwraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwrap
pedaled: simple past and past participle of pedal
injunct: To put an injunction against. (Used both of the party who applies for the injunction and of the judge who grants it.)
look to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see look, to.
look to: To seek inspiration or advice or reward from someone.
look to: To take care of.
look to: To intend to; to prepare to.
reworks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rework
tamping: present participle and gerund of tamp
swaging: present participle and gerund of swage
de-muck: To remove muck or dirt from.
dismays: third-person singular simple present indicative of dismay
desists: third-person singular simple present indicative of desist
bitchin: Alternative spelling of bitching
lobbied: simple past and past participle of lobby
clue in: To inform or tell.
motored: simple past and past participle of motor
nuzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nuzzle
nuzzled: simple past and past participle of nuzzle
odorize: To add an odorant to (especially a gas, so that leaks can be more easily detected).
librate: To oscillate (like the beam of a balance).
librate: To be poised; to balance oneself.
librate: To place in a balance; to weigh.
ordains: third-person singular simple present indicative of ordain
macking: present participle and gerund of mack
slocken: To put out, extinguish (a fire).
slocken: To quench; to allay; to slake.
aliened: simple past and past participle of alien
lucking: present participle and gerund of luck
outdoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdo
spruced: simple past and past participle of spruce
upholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphold
corning: present participle and gerund of corn
fuelled: (Canadian spelling, common) simple past and past participle of fuel
snacked: simple past and past participle of snack
sculled: simple past and past participle of scull
roosted: simple past and past participle of roost
hooping: present participle and gerund of hoop
bug off: To go away.
conking: present participle and gerund of conk
guiling: present participle and gerund of guile
cybered: simple past and past participle of cyber
deeding: present participle and gerund of deed
proofed: simple past and past participle of proof
uprises: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprise
uprisen: simple past and past participle of uprise
pomades: third-person singular simple present indicative of pomade
shrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrive
plashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of plash
beweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of beweep
fleered: simple past and past participle of fleer
bilking: present participle and gerund of bilk
flinted: simple past and past participle of flint
reopens: third-person singular simple present indicative of reopen
slurped: simple past and past participle of slurp
helming: present participle and gerund of helm
becalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of becalm
nobbled: simple past and past participle of nobble
simmers: third-person singular simple present indicative of simmer
jailing: present participle and gerund of jail
uplinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplink
grovels: third-person singular simple present indicative of grovel
dilling: present participle and gerund of dill
debones: third-person singular simple present indicative of debone
drooled: simple past and past participle of drool
jostles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jostle
tipples: third-person singular simple present indicative of tipple
homered: simple past and past participle of homer
muddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of muddy
nobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nobble
immures: third-person singular simple present indicative of immure
unlades: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlade
houghed: simple past and past participle of hough
distils: third-person singular simple present indicative of distil
dowered: simple past and past participle of dower
kerning: present participle and gerund of kern
ramping: present participle and gerund of ramp
prepays: third-person singular simple present indicative of prepay
stooked: simple past and past participle of stook
pummels: third-person singular simple present indicative of pummel
refuels: third-person singular simple present indicative of refuel
repaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of repave
unclogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclog
regrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrow
douting: present participle and gerund of dout
rereads: third-person singular simple present indicative of reread
rehears: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehear
outgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgo
shirred: simple past and past participle of shirr
shirred: simple past and past participle of shir
calking: present participle and gerund of calk
fordoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fordo
tweened: simple past and past participle of tween
rehomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehome
incants: third-person singular simple present indicative of incant
misdoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdo
facking: present participle and gerund of fack
delinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of delink
rehires: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehire
unmakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmake
rezones: third-person singular simple present indicative of rezone
chaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of chaunt
fordone: simple past and past participle of fordo
unreels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unreel
upsells: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsell
nicking: present participle and gerund of nick
wisened: simple past and past participle of wisen
remixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remix
musicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of musick
outeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of outeat
laffing: present participle and gerund of laff
rechews: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechew
mishits: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishit
pampers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pamper
unfills: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfill
getters: third-person singular simple present indicative of getter
acylate: To add one or more acyl groups to a compound.
berming: present participle and gerund of berm
belayed: simple past and past participle of belay
ran out: simple past of run out
runs by: third-person singular simple present indicative of run by
lose it: To be overcome with emotion.
lose it: To become explosively angry; to lose one's temper.
lose it: To be overcome with emotion.
lose it: To feel devastated, or distraught, especially when one's sadness is overwhelming.
lose it: To be overcome with emotion.
lose it: To begin to laugh uncontrollably.
lose it: To be overcome with emotion.
lose it: To lose one's mind, go crazy.
lose it: To cease to have a skill or ability, to lose one's touch, to be washed up.
lose it: To lose control of a situation.
lose it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lose, it.
runs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of run up
bewares: third-person singular simple present indicative of beware
bewared: simple past and past participle of beware
be sick: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: be sick.
be sick: To vomit.
scaping: present participle and gerund of scape
fetches: third-person singular simple present indicative of fetch
astrict: To bind, constrain, or restrict.
astrict: To estop.
astrict: To restrict the tenure of.
beetled: simple past and past participle of beetle
let out: To release.
let out: Of a school: to finish for the day or term, allowing the pupils to go home.
let out: To allow to operate at higher speed by adjusting controls.
let out: To rent out.
let out: To enlarge by adjusting one or more seams.
let out: Of sound, to emit.
let out: To disclose.
attuite: To become aware of (a thing) due to attuition.
got out: simple past and past participle of get out
writeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of write
guideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of guide
writest: second-person singular simple present indicative of write
lacketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of lack
adonize: Alternative form of adonise
agatize: To convert a living thing into the form of an agate; to fossilize.
attrite: Alternative form of attrit
attrits: third-person singular simple present indicative of attrit
unslung: simple past and past participle of unsling
kibbled: simple past and past participle of kibble
kibbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kibble
leashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of leash
leashed: simple past and past participle of leash
jetwash: To remove something (especially dirt or graffiti) by spraying it with high-pressure water.
lensing: present participle and gerund of lens
heateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of heat
heatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of heat
foolest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fool
fooleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fool
chaunce: Archaic spelling of chance.
refalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of refall
treeify: To turn into a tree.
toggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of toggle
revolts: third-person singular simple present indicative of revolt
spouted: simple past and past participle of spout
apprize: Archaic form of appraise.
apprize: Archaic form of apprise.
apprize: Archaic form of apprise.
shinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shine
reveres: third-person singular simple present indicative of revere
brangle: To squabble.
treeing: present participle and gerund of tree
ransoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of ransom
reloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of reload
rebores: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebore
rebored: simple past and past participle of rebore
work up: To raise; to excite; to stir up.
work up: To develop.
work up: To give (a patient) a general medical examination to assess health and fitness.
work up: To use up (material, etc.).
work up: To set at an irksome or needless task.
leglock: Wraps one's legs around another, locking them between one's legs and body. This term is mainly used in a sexual sense.
barbing: present participle and gerund of barb
tallage: To lay an impost upon.
tallage: To cause to pay tallage.
relayer: To layer again.
beaning: present participle and gerund of bean
soddens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sodden
appeach: To charge (someone) with a crime; to impeach.
appeach: 1958, T. H. White, The Once and Future King, New York: Berkley Publishing, Book 4, Chapter 5, p. 557,
fauches: third-person singular simple present indicative of fauch
smooths: third-person singular simple present indicative of smooth
smoothe: Archaic form of smooth.
berried: simple past and past participle of berry
brimmed: simple past and past participle of brim
belling: present participle and gerund of bell
busying: present participle and gerund of busy
disjoin: To separate; to disunite.
disjoin: To become separated.
bloques: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloque
attires: third-person singular simple present indicative of attire
malaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of malax
slow up: To slow; to slow down; to decelerate.
douches: third-person singular simple present indicative of douche
batched: simple past and past participle of batch
evirate: To castrate.
evirate: To render weak or unmanly.
sembles: third-person singular simple present indicative of semble
Jacuzzi: Alternative form of jacuzzi
risques: third-person singular simple present indicative of risque
arroses: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrose
mislike: To disapprove of or dislike (someone or something); to have an aversion to.
mislike: To displease or offend (someone).
mislike: To displease or offend.
mislike: To disapprove; also, to be displeased or unhappy.
mislike: To become sickly or weak due to poor health; to waste away.
nighted: simple past and past participle of night
stelled: simple past and past participle of stell
hilight: Misspelling of highlight.
highlit: simple past and past participle of highlight; highlighted.
slubber: To do hastily, imperfectly, or sloppily.
slubber: To daub; to stain; to cover carelessly.
slubber: To slobber.
tone up: To cause to give a higher tone or sound; to give a higher tone to; to make more intense; to heighten; to strengthen.
tone up: To firm and strengthen the muscles of the body by regular exercise.
shaddup: Pronunciation spelling of shut up.
decries: third-person singular simple present indicative of decry
decried: simple past and past participle of decry
bourrée: To perform this dance.
kittled: simple past and past participle of kittle
kittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kittle
septate: To form a septation
cabling: present participle and gerund of cable
decoyed: simple past and past participle of decoy
cry off: To cancel something previously arranged with someone.
suppute: To calculate; to compute; to reckon; to supputate.
cry out: To shout in a loud voice, due to pain, or fear, or unhappiness.
coiffes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coiffe
rewoven: past participle of reweave
kipping: present participle and gerund of kip
eagling: present participle and gerund of eagle
gaggled: simple past and past participle of gaggle
masoned: simple past and past participle of mason
kecking: present participle and gerund of keck
batiked: simple past and past participle of batik
knurled: simple past and past participle of knurl
addooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of addoom
addeems: third-person singular simple present indicative of addeem
adeemed: simple past and past participle of adeem
feuding: present participle and gerund of feud
phoneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of phoney
swiving: present participle and gerund of swive
cheeped: simple past and past participle of cheep
engaols: third-person singular simple present indicative of engaol
seesaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of seesaw
santers: third-person singular simple present indicative of santer
witters: third-person singular simple present indicative of witter
clanked: simple past and past participle of clank
guffing: present participle and gerund of guff
biffing: present participle and gerund of biff
thwocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwock
colling: present participle and gerund of coll.
cludged: simple past and past participle of cludge
enjails: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjail
cludges: third-person singular simple present indicative of cludge
tinking: present participle and gerund of tink
figgers: third-person singular simple present indicative of figger
cajoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cajole
gratiné: Alternative form of gratinée
plonges: third-person singular simple present indicative of plonge
menaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of menace
allonge: To thrust with a sword; to lunge.
demoing: present participle and gerund of demo
deoiled: simple past and past participle of deoil
dewaxed: simple past and past participle of dewax
re-sign: To sign again; to provide one's signature again.
re-sign: To sign a contract renewing or restarting a professional relationship, such as that of a professional athlete with a sports team.
dadoing: present participle and gerund of dado
rattoon: Alternative spelling of ratoon
radared: simple past and past participle of radar
tranted: simple past and past participle of trant
marting: present participle and gerund of mart
periled: simple past and past participle of peril
sulfurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sulfur
puff up: To inflate with air.
puff up: To fluff up, such as an animal raising its fur or feathers to appear larger or conserve body heat.
puff up: To swell due to injury or illness.
puff up: To become proud. (Often written as puffed up with pride.)
ribbits: third-person singular simple present indicative of ribbit
dousing: present participle and gerund of douse
bovvers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bovver
dooming: present participle and gerund of doom
tweeted: simple past and past participle of tweet
scrimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrimp
hankers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hanker
enrages: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrage
upkeeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of upkeep
fidding: present participle and gerund of fid
purling: present participle and gerund of purl
putters: third-person singular simple present indicative of putter
yacking: present participle and gerund of yack
prances: third-person singular simple present indicative of prance
tchicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tchick
twerked: simple past and past participle of twerk
amoving: present participle and gerund of amove
exeunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exeunt
prusiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prusik
affying: present participle and gerund of affy
encaved: simple past and past participle of encave
teended: simple past and past participle of teend
encaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of encave
relumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of relume
sneaped: simple past and past participle of sneap
lappers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lapper
relumed: simple past and past participle of relume
araised: simple past and past participle of araise
araises: third-person singular simple present indicative of araise
belaved: simple past and past participle of belave
skalled: simple past and past participle of skall
fangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fangle
knawing: present participle and gerund of knaw
belaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of belave
ratoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of ratoon
phreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of phreak
defrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of defray
ratfink: To inform on; to betray.
schappe: To use a process of fermentation to remove sericin from silk.
exarate: To plough up.
exarate: To write or engrave.
opaques: third-person singular simple present indicative of opaque
tutoies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tutoie
vouvoie: Alternative form of vouvoy
preseed: To seed in advance.
intreat: Archaic form of entreat.
mulched: simple past and past participle of mulch
editted: Misspelling of edited.
queened: simple past and past participle of queen
slimmed: simple past and past participle of slim
witched: simple past and past participle of witch
refolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of refold
ladling: present participle and gerund of ladle
souring: present participle and gerund of sour
zesting: present participle and gerund of zest
seasing: present participle and gerund of sease
uncages: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncage
misting: present participle and gerund of mist
uncaged: simple past and past participle of uncage
combats: third-person singular simple present indicative of combat
dialled: , (Canada), simple past and past participle of dial
dialled: (Canada), simple past and past participle of dial
bartend: To tend a bar; to act as a barman.
drubbed: simple past and past participle of drub
draping: present participle and gerund of drape
entraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of entrap
filched: simple past and past participle of filch
guzzled: simple past and past participle of guzzle
grouted: simple past and past participle of grout
guzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of guzzle
wibbled: simple past and past participle of wibble
garbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of garble
flubbed: simple past and past participle of flub
wibbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wibble
efforce: To force oneself.
efforce: To force, force open; to acquire by force.
perches: third-person singular simple present indicative of perch
pranced: simple past and past participle of prance
laid up: simple past and past participle of lay up
siffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of siffle
presets: third-person singular simple present indicative of preset
bum out: To cause a person to be depressed or disappointed.
outbids: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbid
recoupe: Archaic form of recoup.
skanked: simple past and past participle of skank
unerase: To restore something that has been erased.
futzing: present participle and gerund of futz
gonging: present participle and gerund of gong
grokked: simple past and past participle of grok
calqued: simple past and past participle of calque
haloing: present participle and gerund of halo
have up: To accuse, arrest, try for a criminal act.
glisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of gliss.
broches: third-person singular simple present indicative of broche
louches: third-person singular simple present indicative of louche
come in: To enter.
come in: To arrive.
come in: To become relevant, applicable, or useful.
come in: To become available.
come in: To have a strong enough signal to be able to be received well.
come in: To join or enter; to begin playing with a group.
come in: To begin transmitting.
come in: To function in the indicated manner.
come in: To surrender; to turn oneself in.
come in: To give in; to yield.
come in: To finish a race or similar competition in a particular position, such as first place, second place, or the like.
come in: To finish a race or similar competition in first place.
come in: To rise.
come in: To become fashionable.
come in: To fully develop.
sonates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sonate
righten: To make right; correct.
righten: To set right or upright; right.
feutres: third-person singular simple present indicative of feutre
latrate: To bark; to make doglike noises.
twanged: simple past and past participle of twang
foaling: present participle and gerund of foal
graying: present participle and gerund of gray
congrue: To agree; to be suitable.
piquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of piquet
rappels: third-person singular simple present indicative of rappel
gang up: To join together, as a gang.
fragged: simple past and past participle of frag
goggled: simple past and past participle of goggle
gaffing: present participle and gerund of gaff
grow on: To become more likeable to someone.
grow on: To gradually become more evident to someone.
inerted: simple past and past participle of inert
hurdled: simple past and past participle of hurdle
hatchel: To separate (flax fibers) with a hatchel, or comb.
map out: To create a map of an area.
map out: To organise a plan; to analyze a situation; to figure out a problem.
map out: To make explicit; to explain in detail.
inquiet: To disquiet.
gannets: third-person singular simple present indicative of gannet
skulled: simple past and past participle of skull
odorise: Alternative spelling of odorize
ozonate: To treat or react with ozone; to ozonize.
ozonise: Alternative spelling of ozonize
ozonize: To treat or react with ozone; to ozonate
ozonize: To convert oxygen into ozone, especially by using an ozonizer
villify: Misspelling of vilify.
unspeak: To retract what one has spoken, to unsay.
whelped: simple past and past participle of whelp
buck up: To become encouraged, reinvigorated, or cheerful; to summon one's courage or spirits; to pluck up courage.
buck up: To encourage; to hearten.
buck up: To dress oneself up smartly; compare (obsolete) buck ("a fop, dandy")
buck up: To pass on to higher authority for resolution. See also pass the buck.
buck up: To hurry up.
sombres: third-person singular simple present indicative of sombre
myspace: To contact someone using the social networking site MySpace.
jingled: simple past and past participle of jingle
juicing: present participle and gerund of juice
junkets: third-person singular simple present indicative of junket
jumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jumble
potchky: to work in an amateur fashion for little gain
potchky: to tinker
redried: simple past and past participle of redry
joyrode: simple past of joyride
sorbing: present participle and gerund of sorb
bear on: To influence, have an effect on.
bear on: To be relevant to.
bear on: To harm, hinder or be a burden upon.
wagered: simple past and past participle of wager
incubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of incube
egocast: To create and broadcast an individual personality or ego through a network, such as via a weblog or a podcast.
see-saw: Alternative spelling of seesaw
mispell: Misspelling of misspell.
pranged: simple past and past participle of prang
obtuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of obtuse
odd job: Alternative form of odd-job
be like: To be similar to something.
be like: To be typical or characteristic of someone or something.
be like: To say.
ring in: To make a phone call to (this place).
ring in: To celebrate by ringing of bells or as if by ringing of the bells.
ring in: To encircle, to surround in a ring, engirdle.
supping: present participle and gerund of sup
shimmed: simple past and past participle of shim
chinned: simple past and past participle of chin
kick up: To rear back; to become more active or restless; to speed up.
kick up: To raise, to increase (a price).
kick up: To stir up (trouble), to cause (a disturbance).
kick up: To make more exciting.
kick up: To show anger (about something).
kick up: To function improperly, to show signs of disorder, (of an illness) to flare up.
kick up: To move sharply upward.
kick up: To pass something up a hierarchy or chain of command.
kick up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see kick, up.
mistify: To envelop or shroud in mist.
mistify: To turn into mist
mistify: Misspelling of mystify.
jigsawn: past participle of jigsaw
chibbed: simple past and past participle of chib
trunked: simple past and past participle of trunk
heardst: second-person singular simple past indicative of hear
sattest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sit
sentest: second-person singular simple past indicative of send
twatted: simple past and past participle of twat
kneeing: present participle and gerund of knee
shitcan: Alternative form of shit-can
unships: third-person singular simple present indicative of unship
blooden: To make bloody.
blooden: To imbue with characteristics of blood, such as color, life, or fighting spirit.
luvving: present participle and gerund of luv
seceded: simple past and past participle of secede
jetskis: third-person singular simple present indicative of jetski
befools: third-person singular simple present indicative of befool
libeled: simple past and past participle of libel
astonie: Obsolete spelling of astony
alleage: Obsolete spelling of allege
conster: Obsolete spelling of construe
gisting: present participle and gerund of gist
dialyze: To subject (something or someone) to dialysis.
dialyze: To undergo dialysis.
hack it: To cope; to be successful in something despite adversity.
hack it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hack, it.
lassoed: simple past and past participle of lasso
precess: To have an angle that varies cyclically.
precess: To wobble; to rotate about an axis that precesses.
napalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of napalm
tanging: present participle and gerund of tang
mussing: present participle and gerund of muss
draw on: To sketch or mark with pencil, crayon, etc., on a given surface.
draw on: To appeal to, make a demand of, rely on; to utilize or make use of, as a source.
draw on: To advance, continue; to move or pass slowly or continuously, as under a pulling force.
draw on: To approach, come nearer, as evening.
draw on: To put on (a garment)
snap up: To buy quickly, usually because the item is a bargain or in short supply or something one has been searching for.
snap up: To snap at (a person); to speak harshly to.
rearmed: simple past and past participle of rearm
repasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of repast
welched: simple past and past participle of welch
forbite: To bite up, bite to pieces.
welches: third-person singular simple present indicative of welch
wargame: Alternative spelling of war game
held up: simple past and past participle of hold up
jizzing: present participle and gerund of jizz
pass by: To travel past without stopping.
pass by: To travel past (something) without stopping; to ignore, to disregard.
pass by: Of a period of time: to come to an end, to elapse.
pass by: to drop by
unknits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unknit
kotowed: simple past and past participle of kotow
nonsuit: To dismiss (a suit or plaintiff) on the grounds of his or her lawsuit having been brought without cause, prior to an adjudication on the merits.
pow-wow: Alternative spelling of powwow
orating: present participle and gerund of orate
opaqued: simple past and past participle of opaque
outlaid: simple past and past participle of outlay
outlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlay
hung up: simple past and past participle of hang up
demines: third-person singular simple present indicative of demine
demined: simple past and past participle of demine
dollied: simple past and past participle of dolly
unfurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfurl
tangoed: simple past and past participle of tango
tinsels: third-person singular simple present indicative of tinsel
joggled: simple past and past participle of joggle
joggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of joggle
mislays: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislay
monkied: simple past and past participle of monkey
mamboed: simple past and past participle of mambo
dizzied: simple past and past participle of dizzy
detoxed: simple past and past participle of detox
dibbled: simple past and past participle of dibble
dandles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dandle
dandled: simple past and past participle of dandle
detoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of detox
dinning: present participle and gerund of din
dibbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dibble
dizzies: third-person singular simple present indicative of dizzy
quipped: simple past and past participle of quip
abluded: simple past and past participle of ablude
abludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ablude
ad libs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ad lib
awarned: simple past and past participle of awarn
avising: present participle and gerund of avise
awhapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of awhape
awhaped: simple past and past participle of awhape
belates: third-person singular simple present indicative of belate
assarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of assart
aviling: present participle and gerund of avile
bepelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepelt
bibbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bibble
birched: simple past and past participle of birch
blunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of blunge
bonging: present participle and gerund of bong
blunged: simple past and past participle of blunge
bleches: third-person singular simple present indicative of blech
bogeyed: simple past and past participle of bogey
bibbled: simple past and past participle of bibble
blubbed: simple past and past participle of blub
bruxing: present participle and gerund of brux
cringed: simple past and past participle of cringe
cark it: To die.
reinput: To input again.
wettest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wet
clerked: simple past and past participle of clerk
seriate: To arrange in serial order.
silt up: To become filled or clogged with silt.
peaking: present participle and gerund of peak
sliming: present participle and gerund of slime
dranken: past participle of drink
vocoder: To analyse or synthesize (speech) by means of a vocoder.
Jesuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of Jesus
unblind: To free from blindness.
unblind: To remove the secrecy from (a bid).
unblind: To convert (a blind signature) back to the unblinded state (as opposed to the blinded state).
unblind: To cause (experimenters) to learn information which, for the purposes of avoiding bias, was previously unknown to them, or should be unknown to them, such as the knowledge of which patients received a drug and which a placebo.
rebadge: To market a version of (an existing product, especially a motor car) with a new badge and new name.
preplan: To plan in advance
preened: simple past and past participle of preen
soloing: present participle and gerund of solo
gaoling: present participle and gerund of gaol
cowrite: To write in collaboration with another person
retitle: To provide with a new title.
testbed: With respect to a scientific theory, computational tool or new technology, to deploy such a platform.
quiddle: To talk nonsense or speak vaguely, to waffle
quiddle: To spend or waste time in trifling employments, or to attend to useful subjects in a trifling superficial manner.
tantivy: To hurry off.
jetpack: To travel with a jet pack.
resiled: simple past and past participle of resile
zerging: present participle and gerund of zerg
muckled: simple past and past participle of muckle
muckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of muckle
rumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rumble
emprise: To undertake.
dogpile: To jump into a dogpile.
dogpile: To pile on, to overwhelm in other senses.
refloat: To cause to float again.
frounce: To curl.
frounce: To crease, wrinkle, to frown.
frounce: To gather into or adorn with plaits, as a dress.
trekked: simple past and past participle of trek
tenoned: simple past and past participle of tenon
tarring: present participle and gerund of tar
raffled: simple past and past participle of raffle
raffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of raffle
clemmed: simple past and past participle of clem
tai chi: To practise tai chi.
tai chi: To push a task or responsibility to someone else.
forbode: obsolete simple past of forbid.
forbode: Alternative form of forebode
sponson: To mount on a projection on the side of a vessel.
preceed: Misspelling of precede, by confusion with proceed.
mortice: Alternative spelling of mortise
revamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of revamp
regives: third-person singular simple present indicative of regive
regiven: past participle of regive
rerolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of reroll
oblongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of oblong
rumples: third-person singular simple present indicative of rumple
shammed: simple past and past participle of sham
retried: simple past and past participle of retry
rosined: simple past and past participle of rosin
broddle: To poke; to pierce.
retries: third-person singular simple present indicative of retry
subvene: To arrive or happen so as to help or support.
fungate: To become like a fungus, as in appearance or in growth rate or pattern.
misally: To wrongly join together; to wrongly ally with or to.
misally: To marry badly; to marry an inferior
reefing: present participle and gerund of reef
raveled: simple past and past participle of ravel
rebated: simple past and past participle of rebate
join up: To unite or connect.
join up: To enlist or enroll.
tousles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tousle
velvets: third-person singular simple present indicative of velvet
toddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of toddle
toggled: simple past and past participle of toggle
yipping: present participle and gerund of yip
tussled: simple past and past participle of tussle
turfing: present participle and gerund of turf
totters: third-person singular simple present indicative of totter
toffees: third-person singular simple present indicative of toffee
tombing: present participle and gerund of tomb
trilled: simple past and past participle of trill
twinged: simple past and past participle of twinge
thirsts: third-person singular simple present indicative of thirst
tippled: simple past and past participle of tipple
perving: present participle and gerund of perv
jump up: To move from one position to a higher position by one jump.
cap off: To finish by making one last addition.
cap off: To glue a relatively uncomplicated compact manifold to a manifold of the same dimension along (a component of the latter's boundary).
hop off: To alight.
lie low: To conceal oneself; to remain hidden.
shushed: simple past and past participle of shush
shushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shush
scrawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrawl
silting: present participle and gerund of silt
silvers: third-person singular simple present indicative of silver
skimped: simple past and past participle of skimp
zincing: present participle and gerund of zinc
wheezed: simple past and past participle of wheeze
shooing: present participle and gerund of shoo
whizzed: simple past and past participle of whiz
whizzed: simple past and past participle of whizz
whammed: simple past and past participle of wham
welshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of welsh
whizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of whiz
whizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of whizz
espying: present participle and gerund of espy
pepping: present participle and gerund of pep
perming: present participle and gerund of perm
papping: present participle and gerund of pap
peeving: present participle and gerund of peeve
pinging: present participle and gerund of ping
noodled: simple past and past participle of noodle
lay low: To topple or overcome; to cause to fall; (of a person) to knock out.
lay low: To put in an abject condition.
lay low: To lie low, to be inconspicuous, especially when the potential object of search.
lay low: simple past of lie low
negging: present participle and gerund of neg
noshing: present participle and gerund of nosh
waylays: third-person singular simple present indicative of waylay
chinked: simple past and past participle of chink
twinned: simple past and past participle of twin
medivac: Alternative form of medevac
whopped: simple past and past participle of whop
medevac: To transport (patients) by medevac.
rankled: simple past and past participle of rankle
rankles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rankle
rustles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rustle
massify: To become, or cause to become, oriented toward mass production, mass consumption, and high throughput rather than individuality.
massify: To use as a mass noun.
swotted: simple past and past participle of swot
hinging: present participle and gerund of hinge
detunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of detune
retuned: simple past and past participle of retune
retunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retune
detuned: simple past and past participle of detune
encunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of encunt
draw up: To compose (a document), especially following a standard form; prepare a plan.
draw up: To arrange in order or formation.
draw up: To cause to come to a halt.
draw up: To come to a halt.
draw up: To withdraw upwards.
jazzify: To make jazzy
fangled: simple past and past participle of fangle
chivied: simple past and past participle of chivy
chivies: third-person singular simple present indicative of chivy
conched: simple past and past participle of conch
conches: third-person singular simple present indicative of conch
roached: simple past and past participle of roach
sledded: simple past and past participle of sled
biassed: simple past and past participle of bias
biasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bias
hooning: present participle and gerund of hoon
sconing: present participle and gerund of scone
dispark: To open (a private enclosure, park, etc.) to the public.
dismask: To remove a mask from.
dismask: To uncover.
regases: third-person singular simple present indicative of regas
symlink: To make accessible by means of a symbolic link.
rethrow: To throw (an exception) again.
memoize: To store (the result of a computation) so that it can be subsequently retrieved without repeating the computation.
unpause: To resume the normal functioning of electronic equipment or a software program in a paused state.
densify: To make (more) dense.
densify: To become (more) dense.
bitmask: To mask (a value) using a bitmask.
recoded: simple past and past participle of recode
recodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of recode
rear up: To rise up, especially an animal like a horse rising up on its rear legs.
reships: third-person singular simple present indicative of reship
degunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of degunk
reveled: simple past and past participle of revel
destroi: Obsolete spelling of destroy
ionised: simple past and past participle of ionise
ionises: third-person singular simple present indicative of ionise
missold: simple past and past participle of missell
unthaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of unthaw
sortied: simple past and past participle of sortie
arriven: past participle of arrive
reified: simple past and past participle of reify
drumble: To be sluggish or lazy.
drumble: To be confused.
drumble: To mumble in speaking.
drumble: To do something ineptly; to bungle or bumble.
burling: present participle and gerund of burl
defocus: To cause (a lens, or a beam of light or particles, etc.) to be out of focus.
whingle: to complain; whinge.
spuddle: To loosen and dig up stubble and weeds left after a harvest with a broadshare or similar device.
spuddle: To shallowly dig or stir up in an unsystematic manner.
spuddle: To make a lot of fuss about trivial things, as if they were important
spuddle: To work ineffectively; to work hard but achieve nothing
predial: To dial in advance.
jennies: third-person singular simple present indicative of jenny
prævent: Archaic spelling of prevent.
trudgen: To swim using this stroke.
requeen: To change or replace the queen bee of a colony of bees.
edutain: To educate in an entertaining manner.
scabble: To roughly dress stone.
bunging: present participle and gerund of bung
rewired: simple past and past participle of rewire
rumbaed: simple past and past participle of rumba
rewires: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewire
rip saw: Alternative spelling of ripsaw
ripsaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of ripsaw
snap in: To practice aiming, adjusting and firing a rifle with no ammunition
epurate: To subject to epuration; to purify.
pedgill: To work hard and painstakingly at something; to plod or persevere.
mosying: present participle and gerund of mosy
sluther: To slither, slide or slip
helixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of helix
soogees: third-person singular simple present indicative of soogee
soogeed: simple past and past participle of soogee
stonify: To petrify (as a mineral, to harden).
stonify: To become stone, to turn to stone.
stonify: To immobilize.
stonker: To defeat decisively; to trounce.
stonker: To baffle or dumbfound.
farrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of farrow
badding: present participle and gerund of bad
forayed: simple past and past participle of foray
moseyed: simple past and past participle of mosey
untyped: simple past and past participle of untype
gezumph: Alternative spelling of gazump
osmoses: third-person singular simple present indicative of osmose
adorn'd: Archaic spelling of adorned.
lousing: present participle and gerund of louse
irrupts: third-person singular simple present indicative of irrupt
maximin: To employ a maximin algorithm.
minimax: To find the optimum play, or decision, to achieve minimizing the maximum loss.
gowning: present participle and gerund of gown
gashing: present participle and gerund of gash
fluking: present participle and gerund of fluke
gemmate: to deck with gems
grabble: To search with one's hands and fingers; to attempt to grasp something.
grabble: To search in a similar way using an implement.
grabble: To touch (someone) with one's hands or fingers, sometimes in a sexual way.
grabble: To pick (something or someone) up hastily, roughly or clumsily.
grabble: To attempt to grab; to grasp at (something).
grabble: To pull, lift or dig (something) (out of the ground) by searching with one's hands and fingers.
grabble: To lift (something) out in a similar way using an implement.
grabble: To catch fish by reaching into the water with one's hand.
grabble: To fish on the grabble.
grabble: To utter inarticulate sounds, often quickly and loudly; to say (something) quickly, idly or foolishly.
grabble: To lie prostrate; to sprawl on the ground.
fellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fell
fellest: second-person singular simple past indicative of fall
frizzed: simple past and past participle of frizz
frizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of frizz
gentled: simple past and past participle of gentle
gentles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gentle
unrobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrobe
unrobed: simple past and past participle of unrobe
tomatos: third-person singular simple present indicative of tomato
bore up: simple past of bear up
bigs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of big up
does up: third-person singular simple present indicative of do up
does in: third-person singular simple present indicative of do in
done in: past participle of do in
done up: past participle of do up
coelute: Of two or more chemical compounds: to elute from a chromatographic column together.
occured: Misspelling of occurred.
gave in: simple past of give in
previse: To foresee.
previse: To forewarn.
ghosted: simple past and past participle of ghost
gulches: third-person singular simple present indicative of gulch
stoking: present participle and gerund of stoke
quizzed: simple past and past participle of quiz
puts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of put up
puts in: third-person singular simple present indicative of put in
puts on: third-person singular simple present indicative of put on
malting: present participle and gerund of malt
respawn: To spawn again.
respawn: To reappear at its spawn point.
respawn: To re-enter play after being killed, often where the game was last saved.
exsolve: To separate from one another at a critical point in temperature.
laniate: To tear into pieces.
took on: simple past of take on
moither: to bother or harass
moither: To toil; to labour.
moither: To perplex; to confuse.
pontify: To pontificate.
gingers: third-person singular simple present indicative of ginger
came by: simple past and past participle of come by
came to: simple past of come to
came in: simple past of come in
yarning: present participle and gerund of yarn
grew up: simple past of grow up
ybought: past participle of buy: bought
garlics: third-person singular simple present indicative of garlic
hits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hit up
grew on: simple past of grow on
gone by: past participle of go by
goes by: third-person singular simple present indicative of go by
went by: simple past of go by
gave up: simple past of give up
got off: simple past and past participle of get off
yaw-haw: To laugh loudly
FedExes: third-person singular simple present indicative of FedEx
FedExed: simple past and past participle of FedEx
'scuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'scuse
'scused: simple past and past participle of 'scuse
torrefy: To subject to intense heat; to parch, to roast.
sumping: present participle and gerund of sump
atheise: Alternative spelling of atheize
yelloch: To yell loudly
kickban: To kick and ban (a user) from an Internet activity, such as IRC.
traject: To throw or cast through, over, or across.
atheize: To render (someone) atheistic.
atheize: To become atheistic.
onerate: To load; to burden.
liquate: To separate by fusion, as a more fusible from a less fusible material.
liquate: To cause (something) to become liquid; to liquefy, to melt.
liquate: To become liquid; to liquefy, to melt.
intitle: Alternative form of entitle
stimies: third-person singular simple present indicative of stimy
chromed: simple past and past participle of chrome
chromes: third-person singular simple present indicative of chrome
caroled: simple past and past participle of carol
jimjams: third-person singular simple present indicative of jimjam
plopped: simple past and past participle of plop
prowled: simple past and past participle of prowl
incurre: Obsolete spelling of incur
proxied: simple past and past participle of proxy
re-mark: To mark again.
costars: third-person singular simple present indicative of costar
cat nap: Alternative form of catnap
dig out: To remove something by digging.
dig out: To find or retrieve something buried.
dig out: To make something by digging.
dig out: To decamp; to leave a place hastily.
dig out: To have penetrative sexual intercourse with someone.
dig out: To block a yorker with the bottom of the bat, at the last second.
daubing: present participle and gerund of daub
dialyse: Alternative spelling of dialyze
cumshaw: To give or make a present to.
reimage: To completely replace the operating system (on a particular computer) with a preconfigured image, typically as a drastic means of fixing problems.
itemise: Alternative spelling of itemize
impones: third-person singular simple present indicative of impone
imponed: simple past and past participle of impone
deponed: simple past and past participle of depone
depones: third-person singular simple present indicative of depone
reponed: simple past and past participle of repone
repones: third-person singular simple present indicative of repone
page up: To scroll up to the previous page of content.
confect: To make up, prepare, or compound; to produce by combining ingredients or materials; to concoct.
confect: To make into a confection; to prepare as a candy, sweetmeat, preserve, or the like.
choques: third-person singular simple present indicative of choque
blinden: To make or render blind
boot up: To start a computer using its bootstrap procedure
boot up: To start, using its bootstrap procedure.
spright: To haunt.
jet-ski: Alternative spelling of jet ski.
ycalled: past participle of call
ydamned: past participle of damn
mooched: simple past and past participle of mooch
mucking: present participle and gerund of muck
mooches: third-person singular simple present indicative of mooch
go with: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, with.
go with: To choose or accept (a suggestion).
go with: To date, to be involved romantically with (someone).
go with: To have sexual relations with (someone).
go with: To correspond or fit well with, to match.
go with: To be pregnant with (a child).
rejoyce: Obsolete spelling of rejoice
discase: To strip; to undress.
faining: present participle and gerund of fain
porrect: To stretch out or forward.
porrect: To proffer (a document) for inspection.
immutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of immute
spasmed: simple past and past participle of spasm
replate: To plate again.
icefish: Alternative form of ice fish
uncurse: To remove a curse from.
opalise: Alternative spelling of opalize
opalize: To convert into a form of opal or chalcedony, especially to convert wood into such a fossilized form.
opalize: To make opalescent.
winched: simple past and past participle of winch
dwaling: present participle and gerund of dwale
provine: To lay a stock or branch of a vine in the ground for propagation.
skeeter: To skitter.
heroize: To make someone into a hero.
heroize: To treat someone as if they were a hero.
repaste: To paste again.
rattans: third-person singular simple present indicative of rattan
retools: third-person singular simple present indicative of retool
sheeted: simple past and past participle of sheet
fair up: To clear
hasting: present participle and gerund of haste
groined: simple past and past participle of groin
whelmed: simple past and past participle of whelm
russets: third-person singular simple present indicative of russet
rashers: third-person singular simple present indicative of rasher
gangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gangle
gangled: simple past and past participle of gangle
trended: simple past and past participle of trend
resends: third-person singular simple present indicative of resend
vouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of vouch
welting: present participle and gerund of welt
sugging: present participle and gerund of sug
paneled: simple past and past participle of panel
aminate: To introduce one or more amino groups into a compound, in the process of amination
fall on: To experience; to suffer; to fall upon.
fall on: To be assigned to; to acquire a new responsibility, duty or burden.
fall on: To occur on a particular day.
fall on: Of the eyes or gaze: to alight upon.
bequoth: simple past of bequeath
lipoate: To react with lipoic acid or a derivative
co-fire: To fire (different types of fuel) together.
okaying: present participle and gerund of okay
moussed: simple past and past participle of mousse
akenned: past participle of aken
f**king: present participle and gerund of f**k
mousses: third-person singular simple present indicative of mousse
firking: present participle and gerund of firk
mounded: simple past and past participle of mound
mitring: present participle and gerund of mitre
metring: present participle and gerund of metre
noising: present participle and gerund of noise
riffled: simple past and past participle of riffle
riffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of riffle
infefts: third-person singular simple present indicative of infeft
pomaded: simple past and past participle of pomade
primped: simple past and past participle of primp
puttied: simple past and past participle of putty
pluming: present participle and gerund of plume
kept up: simple past and past participle of keep up
acts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of act up
putties: third-person singular simple present indicative of putty
panging: present participle and gerund of pang
ideated: simple past and past participle of ideate
ideates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ideate
trouted: simple past and past participle of trout
refurbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of refurb
cavorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cavort
graving: present participle and gerund of grave
gobbing: present participle and gerund of gob
buy off: To pay off, convince to refrain etc. by corrupt payment or other service.
buy off: To gain release for (a person) from military service by payment of money.
mops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mop up
slinked: simple past and past participle of slink
hagrode: simple past of hagride
harries: third-person singular simple present indicative of harry
iodizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of iodize
iodises: third-person singular simple present indicative of iodise
intakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of intake
iodised: simple past and past participle of iodise
idolise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of idolize.
upbroke: simple past and past participle of upbreak
teening: present participle and gerund of teen
sticked: simple past and past participle of stick (still used in some senses, archaic in others).
upflows: third-person singular simple present indicative of upflow
updraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of updraw
drivels: third-person singular simple present indicative of drivel
ducting: present participle and gerund of duct
dooring: present participle and gerund of door
swounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of swound
wonting: present participle and gerund of wont
masting: present participle and gerund of mast
saggars: third-person singular simple present indicative of saggar
supered: simple past and past participle of super
fabbing: present participle and gerund of fab
aveling: present participle and gerund of avel
lairing: present participle and gerund of lair
avaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of avaunt
lanking: present participle and gerund of lank
skinked: simple past and past participle of skink
yelming: present participle and gerund of yelm
sheafed: simple past and past participle of sheaf
desalts: third-person singular simple present indicative of desalt
dirking: present participle and gerund of dirk
tarping: present participle and gerund of tarp
nickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of nicker
embanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of embank
coshers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cosher
mulcted: simple past and past participle of mulct
ralphed: simple past and past participle of ralph
armours: third-person singular simple present indicative of armour
moiders: third-person singular simple present indicative of moider
vailing: present participle and gerund of vail
bruting: present participle and gerund of brute
perking: present participle and gerund of perk
hirpled: simple past and past participle of hirple
upcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcast
hirples: third-person singular simple present indicative of hirple
pelters: third-person singular simple present indicative of pelter
spigots: third-person singular simple present indicative of spigot
rabbets: third-person singular simple present indicative of rabbet
griefed: simple past and past participle of grief
unhands: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhand
crisped: simple past and past participle of crisp
sheened: simple past and past participle of sheen
Velcros: third-person singular simple present indicative of Velcro
havoced: simple past and past participle of havoc
skijors: third-person singular simple present indicative of skijor
filking: present participle and gerund of filk
fonding: present participle and gerund of fond
impawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of impawn
faffing: present participle and gerund of faff
deburrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deburr
smarmed: simple past and past participle of smarm
feddled: simple past and past participle of feddle
feddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of feddle
swilled: simple past and past participle of swill
skelled: simple past and past participle of skell
inurned: simple past and past participle of inurn
inveils: third-person singular simple present indicative of inveil
upturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of upturn
rebills: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebill
gloomed: simple past and past participle of gloom
resorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of resorb
whumped: simple past and past participle of whump
sharded: simple past and past participle of shard
grumped: simple past and past participle of grump
distain: To stain, discolour or tarnish
davened: simple past and past participle of daven
salaams: third-person singular simple present indicative of salaam
futters: third-person singular simple present indicative of futter
yaffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of yaffle
wtfpwns: third-person singular simple present indicative of wtfpwn
rouning: present participle and gerund of roun
attorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of attorn
devives: third-person singular simple present indicative of devive
twonked: simple past and past participle of twonk
sorning: present participle and gerund of sorn
gaffled: simple past and past participle of gaffle
encysts: third-person singular simple present indicative of encyst
allided: simple past and past participle of allide
unpicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpick
leinted: simple past and past participle of leint
enseams: third-person singular simple present indicative of enseam
demists: third-person singular simple present indicative of demist
allides: third-person singular simple present indicative of allide
adsorps: third-person singular simple present indicative of adsorp
pavanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pavane
readded: simple past and past participle of readd
desorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of desorb
outened: simple past and past participle of outen
possets: third-person singular simple present indicative of posset
unspoke: simple past and past participle of unspeak
rerated: simple past and past participle of rerate
rerates: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerate
haxored: simple past and past participle of haxor
closens: third-person singular simple present indicative of closen
stonked: simple past and past participle of stonk
yarking: present participle and gerund of yark
uncting: present participle and gerund of unct
swyving: present participle and gerund of swyve
degerms: third-person singular simple present indicative of degerm
delists: third-person singular simple present indicative of delist
cowrote: simple past and past participle of cowrite
chasted: simple past and past participle of chast
unhoods: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhood
Nifongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of Nifong
ensouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensoul
unhides: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhide
raiking: present participle and gerund of raik
pungled: simple past and past participle of pungle
unhusks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhusk
pungles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pungle
carking: present participle and gerund of cark
infills: third-person singular simple present indicative of infill
rethrew: simple past and past participle of rethrow
demarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of demark
eldened: simple past and past participle of elden
gowling: present participle and gerund of gowl
lankens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lanken
dreaped: simple past and past participle of dreap
sloomed: simple past and past participle of sloom
repugns: third-person singular simple present indicative of repugn
dejunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dejunk
amesing: present participle and gerund of amese
pitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of pitter
obtests: third-person singular simple present indicative of obtest
fandubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fandub
clavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of claver
yatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of yatter
snewing: present participle and gerund of snew
hepping: present participle and gerund of hep
undocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of undock
catched: simple past and past participle of catch
unroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unroot
marding: present participle and gerund of mard
aimbots: third-person singular simple present indicative of aimbot
meekens: third-person singular simple present indicative of meeken
sclated: simple past and past participle of sclate
freeped: simple past and past participle of freep
sclates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sclate
glooped: simple past and past participle of gloop
unfists: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfist
jilling: present participle and gerund of jill
bedusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedust
unticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untick
desands: third-person singular simple present indicative of desand
jitting: present participle and gerund of jit
blitted: simple past and past participle of blit
hob-nob: Alternative form of hobnob
swallie: To swallow (food etc).
swatted: simple past and past participle of swat
strafed: simple past and past participle of strafe
besteal: To steal, move stealthily.
cosying: present participle and gerund of cosy
belt up: To fasten one's seat belt.
belt up: To stop talking or chattering; to shut up.
kilning: present participle and gerund of kiln
blatted: simple past and past participle of blat
unboxed: simple past and past participle of unbox
unboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbox
proacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of proact
wogging: present participle and gerund of wog
defuzed: simple past and past participle of defuze
defuzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of defuze
giddyap: Alternative form of giddyup
do over: To cover with; to smear or spread on to.
do over: To beat up.
do over: To repeat; to start over.
upshift: To shift to a higher gear
upshift: To shift to a higher level, such as of frequency, growth rate, economic level, etc.
affears: third-person singular simple present indicative of affear
twizzle: To rotate, spin or twirl.
twizzle: To perform the twizzle maneuver.
intaken: past participle of intake
swopped: simple past and past participle of swop
swap in: To exchange (someone or something) for another of the same kind.
swap in: To retrieve (memory contents) from a swap file.
page in: To transfer (memory contents) from auxiliary storage.
deopped: simple past and past participle of deop
specced: simple past and past participle of spec
toadied: simple past and past participle of toady
woz ere: Was here. Frequently placed after the author's name in graffiti.
tethers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tether
frigged: simple past and past participle of frig
fell in: simple past of fall in
sets in: third-person singular simple present indicative of set in
lays up: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay up
sees in: third-person singular simple present indicative of see in
sits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit up
logs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of log in
sat out: simple past and past participle of sit out
sums up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sum up
seen in: past participle of see in
sits in: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit in
sees to: third-person singular simple present indicative of see to
gets up: third-person singular simple present indicative of get up
suit up: To don a suit, such as a spacesuit or a formal suit.
suit up: To clothe, to put clothes on (someone).
dehorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehorn
tushing: present participle and gerund of tush
tarpits: third-person singular simple present indicative of tarpit
wah-wah: to make a wah-wah sound
puke up: To vomit.
remated: simple past and past participle of remate
endarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of endark
sambaed: simple past and past participle of samba
sparred: simple past and past participle of spar
sassing: present participle and gerund of sass
saunaed: simple past and past participle of sauna
swabbed: simple past and past participle of swab
siezing: Misspelling of seizing.
stowing: present participle and gerund of stow
sharped: simple past and past participle of sharp
gibbing: present participle and gerund of gib
henches: third-person singular simple present indicative of hench
henched: simple past and past participle of hench
boohoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of boohoo
spurted: simple past and past participle of spurt
scowing: present participle and gerund of scow
slabbed: simple past and past participle of slab
stupors: third-person singular simple present indicative of stupor
slogged: simple past and past participle of slog
staving: present participle and gerund of stave
upgoing: present participle and gerund of upgo
uprated: simple past and past participle of uprate
outturn: To surpass in turning; to turn better than.
snoozed: simple past and past participle of snooze
inhance: Obsolete spelling of enhance
snoozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snooze
syphons: third-person singular simple present indicative of syphon
untying: present participle and gerund of untie
detrend: To manipulate (data) to remove overall long-term trends in order to emphasise other patterns.
exposit: to expound
quirted: simple past and past participle of quirt
redated: simple past and past participle of redate
globbed: simple past and past participle of glob
unsnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsnap
redates: third-person singular simple present indicative of redate
go nuts: To become mad.
go nuts: Go ahead; feel free.
gets it: third-person singular simple present indicative of get it
cofound: To found at the same time as another.
cofound: To found with one or more other people.
skiting: present participle and gerund of skite
sporing: present participle and gerund of spore
kurbash: To beat with a kurbash.
siccing: present participle and gerund of sic
squshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sqush
squshed: simple past and past participle of sqush
quonked: simple past and past participle of quonk
Ajaxify: To modify a Web application to use Ajax.
ajarred: simple past and past participle of ajar
ajarred: Misspelling of ajar.
unthink: To undo the process of thinking.
hogties: third-person singular simple present indicative of hogtie
hogtied: simple past and past participle of hogtie
unoiled: simple past and past participle of unoil
fapping: present participle and gerund of fap
hoiking: present participle and gerund of hoik
plipped: simple past and past participle of plip
outwept: simple past and past participle of outweep
outweep: To weep more than.
unsexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsex
unsexed: simple past and past participle of unsex
chorded: simple past and past participle of chord
analize: Misspelling of analyze.
analize: To subject to anal sex; to fuck anally.
comoved: simple past and past participle of comove
unfixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfix
come at: To come to; to attend.
come at: To enter into sexual relations with.
come at: To get to, especially with effort or difficulty.
come at: To attack; to harass.
come at: To accept (a situation); to agree to do; to try.
unfixed: simple past and past participle of unfix
comoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of comove
infixed: simple past and past participle of infix
inlined: simple past and past participle of inline
inlines: third-person singular simple present indicative of inline
implead: to sue in court, raise an action against a defendant
begynne: Obsolete spelling of begin
floxing: present participle and gerund of flox
prawned: simple past and past participle of prawn
pops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pop up
went up: simple past of go up
dissave: To spend more than one earns.
goes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of go up
unwatch: To undo the watching of something; to unsee.
unwatch: To remove (a webpage) from one's watchlist.
jamboks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jambok
memoise: Alternative spelling of memoize
phished: simple past and past participle of phish
débuted: simple past and past participle of début
inorder: To arrange; order; put in order.
off-gas: To emit gases, especially noxious ones.
refeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of refeed
stashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stash
unlists: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlist
unbooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbook
unroofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unroof
one ups: third-person singular simple present indicative of one up
modding: present participle and gerund of mod
spading: present participle and gerund of spade
dogwhip: To beat with a dogwhip.
lanting: present participle and gerund of lant
huggled: simple past and past participle of huggle
unfused: simple past and past participle of unfuse
limpest: second-person singular simple present indicative of limp
meet up: To meet somebody, or each other, by arrangement.
meet up: To meet (a person) by arrangement.
leniate: To soothe.
froshed: simple past and past participle of frosh
froshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of frosh
blebbed: simple past and past participle of bleb
wikiing: present participle and gerund of wiki
mottles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mottle
illumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of illume
illumed: simple past and past participle of illume
imbrues: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbrue
sauteed: simple past and past participle of saute
imbrued: simple past and past participle of imbrue
profers: third-person singular simple present indicative of profer
hucking: present participle and gerund of huck
coapply: To apply together with something else
debonds: third-person singular simple present indicative of debond
descope: To reduce the scope of; to revise objectives downward, sometimes in the context of a funding shortfall.
enwraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwrap
gillnet: To fish using a gillnet.
reaffix: To affix again.
slopped: simple past and past participle of slop
lollops: third-person singular simple present indicative of lollop
loofahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of loofah
zeroise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of zeroize.
jelling: present participle and gerund of jell
lithify: To turn sediment into solid rock
reprobe: To probe again.
reprobe: To reapply a chemical probe, usually after a previous probe has been stripped.
unwaxed: simple past and past participle of unwax
gollied: simple past and past participle of golly
duelled: simple past and past participle of duel
alibies: third-person singular simple present indicative of alibi
outrode: simple past of outride
outride: To ride a horse, bicycle, etc. better than (someone); to surpass in riding.
outride: To ride out (e.g. a storm).
slummed: simple past and past participle of slum
stylise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of stylize.
gazumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gazump
peacify: Synonym of pacify.
ingirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingirt
pipping: present participle and gerund of pip
petered: simple past and past participle of peter
poaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of poach
untacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untack
comixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of comix
comixed: simple past and past participle of comix
pantile: To tile with pantiles.
misbind: To bind incorrectly.
razzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of razzle
outshot: simple past and past participle of outshoot
razzled: simple past and past participle of razzle
buddied: simple past and past participle of buddy
reseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of reseat
reflate: To reinflate, to inflate again.
reflate: To restore the general level of prices to a previous or desirable level.
revving: present participle and gerund of rev
revving: present participle and gerund of revv
defunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of defund
rissole: To turn (meat) into a rissole or rissoles.
rissole: To reject or eject; to get rid of.
geocode: To find the latitude and longitude coordinates of an address.
douched: simple past and past participle of douche
resects: third-person singular simple present indicative of resect
yenning: present participle and gerund of yen
relists: third-person singular simple present indicative of relist
coiffed: simple past and past participle of coif
retying: present participle and gerund of retie
co-host: To act as a joint host.
co-host: To store data on a shared server (as in web hosting).
will on: To wish intensely that someone succeeds in what they are doing. Often implies a silent, or almost inaudible wish.
reoffer: To offer again.
mismark: To mark incorrectly; err in noting or marking.
Soundex: To index using the phonetic Soundex algorithm.
deglaze: To remove glaze from.
deglaze: To abrade the cylinders of an engine to ensure a tight seal.
deglaze: To detach small pieces of cooked food from a pan by adding liquid, so that they can be used in further cooking.
besomed: simple past and past participle of besom
readapt: To adapt again; to adapt for a new purpose
retaped: simple past and past participle of retape
retapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retape
co-star: Alternative spelling of costar
fuzzing: present participle and gerund of fuzz
censing: present participle and gerund of cense
ermined: simple past and past participle of ermine
ruffing: present participle and gerund of ruff
skeered: Pronunciation spelling of scared.
reemits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reemit
zigging: present participle and gerund of zig
redeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of redeal
redealt: simple past and past participle of redeal
premake: To make in advance; foremake
unwires: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwire
unwired: simple past and past participle of unwire
premade: simple past and past participle of premake
refinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of refind
refound: simple past and past participle of refind
refound: To found again; to reestablish.
refound: To found or cast anew.
desexed: simple past and past participle of desex
desexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of desex
cohosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cohost
timebox: To assign an inflexible period of time to (a task).
tautens: third-person singular simple present indicative of tauten
euchred: simple past and past participle of euchre
kayoing: present participle and gerund of kayo
smushed: simple past and past participle of smush
jonesed: simple past and past participle of jones
joneses: third-person singular simple present indicative of jones
smushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of smush
præcede: Obsolete spelling of precede
gapping: present participle and gerund of gap
telpher: To transport with a telpher.
stagged: simple past and past participle of stag
remeets: third-person singular simple present indicative of remeet
reclone: To clone again.
rebends: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebend
reknown: simple past of reknow
luxated: simple past and past participle of luxate
luxates: third-person singular simple present indicative of luxate
augered: simple past and past participle of auger
ebonize: To give wood the color or texture of ebony.
outearn: To make more money than, to earn more than.
outjump: To jump better than; particularly higher than, or further than.
præmise: Obsolete spelling of premise
præsent: Alternative spelling of present
angsted: simple past and past participle of angst
recurve: To curve again, to rebend.
recurve: To curve back on itself.
recurve: To change direction.
flensed: simple past and past participle of flense
flenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of flense
tootled: simple past and past participle of tootle
buffoon: To behave like a buffoon
pogoing: present participle and gerund of pogo
overhit: To hit too far or too hard.
hangin': Pronunciation spelling of hanging.
flyered: simple past and past participle of flyer
epoxied: simple past and past participle of epoxy
enamour: Standard spelling of enamor.
minicab: To drive a minicab.
bomb it: To travel very rapidly, especially in a vehicle.
insnare: Alternative spelling of ensnare
reteams: third-person singular simple present indicative of reteam
restage: To stage (a production) again; to bring (a production) to the stage again.
restage: To stage (a disease, especially a cancer) again; to revise the staging of a case as its course varies.
reparse: To parse again.
aneared: simple past and past participle of anear
fatting: present participle and gerund of fat
roaving: present participle and gerund of roave
afoords: third-person singular simple present indicative of afoord
infolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of infold
endplay: To make an endplay.
coursed: simple past and past participle of course
fledges: third-person singular simple present indicative of fledge
cyborgs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cyborg
osmosed: simple past and past participle of osmose
batoned: simple past and past participle of baton
rescans: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescan
scootch: Alternative spelling of scooch
pupated: simple past and past participle of pupate
pupates: third-person singular simple present indicative of pupate
redries: third-person singular simple present indicative of redry
re-echo: Alternative spelling of reecho
pandied: simple past and past participle of pandy
pandies: third-person singular simple present indicative of pandy
goth up: To dress or decorate in the style of goth subculture.
refries: third-person singular simple present indicative of refry
refried: simple past and past participle of refry
overegg: Alternative spelling of over-egg
hamming: present participle and gerund of ham
guilted: simple past and past participle of guilt
rebakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebake
rebaked: simple past and past participle of rebake
respent: simple past and past participle of respend
respend: To spend something again
retiled: simple past and past participle of retile
retiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of retile
coëxist: Alternative spelling of coexist
præfers: third-person singular simple present indicative of præfer
slicked: simple past and past participle of slick
gavaged: simple past and past participle of gavage
gavages: third-person singular simple present indicative of gavage
lean on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lean, on.
lean on: To depend upon for support; to require assistance from.
lean on: To put pressure on; to attempt to compel a person to do something; to exert influence on.
lean on: To criticize or reprimand for the purpose of changing behavior.
outduel: To duel better than (someone else).
rark up: To tell (someone) off.
rark up: To provoke or hurry (someone) into doing something.
rark up: To make (someone) angry or annoyed.
zagging: present participle and gerund of zag
repatch: To patch again.
buddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of buddle
reshims: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshim
reifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of reify
buddled: simple past and past participle of buddle
voodoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of voodoo
pussify: To render someone weak and effeminate.
tutting: present participle and gerund of tut
clitter: To clatter lightly; to make a soft rattling noise.
untrain: To reverse or undo one's training; to become less trained than before
replots: third-person singular simple present indicative of replot
reposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of repost
frother: To comfort.
frother: To feed.
denning: present participle and gerund of den
leaguer: To besiege; to beleaguer.
leaguer: To set up camp.
glommed: simple past and past participle of glom
ingroup: To form an ingroup.
swanned: simple past and past participle of swan
mislink: To link incorrectly.
dratted: simple past and past participle of drat
mudlark: To scavenge in river or harbor mud for items of value.
recache: To cache again.
strobed: simple past and past participle of strobe
bats in: third-person singular simple present indicative of bat in
droving: present participle and gerund of drove
gaveled: simple past and past participle of gavel
steeled: simple past and past participle of steel
pretape: To tape in advance.
bogging: present participle and gerund of bog
diecast: Alternative spelling of die-cast
precast: To cast in a location other than where to be installed.
prescan: To scan in advance.
outrate: To get a higher rating than something or someone else
snarked: simple past and past participle of snark
outkick: To kick more than, or beyond, something or someone.
misdate: To date incorrectly; to mark with the wrong date.
cockled: simple past and past participle of cockle
pedagog: Alternative spelling of pedagogue.
rolfing: present participle and gerund of rolf
purpled: simple past and past participle of purple
unknows: third-person singular simple present indicative of unknow
precuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of precut
compère: Alternative form of compere
reënact: Rare spelling of reenact.
mitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of mitch
mitched: simple past and past participle of mitch
toughed: simple past and past participle of tough
diarise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of diarize.
restump: To renew the stumps supporting a house
duetted: simple past and past participle of duet
girlify: To make girly.
rewatch: To watch again.
dobbing: present participle and gerund of dob
rorting: present participle and gerund of rort
mollies: third-person singular simple present indicative of molly
congaed: simple past and past participle of conga
onsells: third-person singular simple present indicative of onsell
eBaying: present participle and gerund of eBay
advened: simple past and past participle of advene
advenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of advene
flobbed: simple past and past participle of flob
percute: Synonym of percuss
overbar: To place a line above (text).
plastre: Obsolete form of plaster.
preshow: To show in advance.
mustest: second-person singular simple past indicative of must
reclose: To close or be closed after having previously been opened
poising: present participle and gerund of poise
treaded: simple past and past participle of tread
standen: past participle of stand
fondued: simple past and past participle of fondue
outgain: To outperform on a quantitative measurement.
blurbed: simple past and past participle of blurb
boinged: simple past and past participle of boing
bolters: third-person singular simple present indicative of bolter
hennaed: simple past and past participle of henna
cochair: To chair (a meeting) jointly.
grinded: simple past and past participle of grind
grinded: simple past and past participle of grind
affeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of affeer
aneling: present participle and gerund of anele
hymning: present participle and gerund of hymn
prewash: To rinse something before washing it properly.
foxhunt: To hunt foxes, usually with dogs.
dueting: present participle and gerund of duet
bandish: To tie something.
outmans: third-person singular simple present indicative of outman
fleying: present participle and gerund of fley
curvets: third-person singular simple present indicative of curvet
leching: present participle and gerund of lech
trialed: (Canadian spelling, common) simple past and past participle of trial
outpoll: To defeat in a poll.
misdial: To dial or use a keypad incorrectly, especially on a telephone.
ball up: To crush into a ball shape.
ball up: To coil up into a ball.
ball up: To hunch over and pull in one's arms and legs.
ball up: To ruin or botch.
ball up: To smoke marijuana.
prop up: To support with, or as if with, a prop.
prop up: To be at the bottom of (a league)
boldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of bolden
sexting: present participle and gerund of sext
triaged: simple past and past participle of triage
triages: third-person singular simple present indicative of triage
tokened: simple past and past participle of token
prefixe: Obsolete spelling of prefix
reshows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshow
widdled: simple past and past participle of widdle
widdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of widdle
wenched: simple past and past participle of wench
unmolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmold
shmooze: Alternative spelling of schmooze
nomming: present participle and gerund of nom
pranked: simple past and past participle of prank
salchow: To perform a figure skating jump of this kind.
amening: present participle and gerund of amen
bestole: simple past of besteal
bongoed: simple past and past participle of bongo
ponying: present participle and gerund of pony
banjoed: simple past and past participle of banjo
born on: simple past and past participle of bear on
twitted: simple past and past participle of twit
hambone: To dance the hambone.
withsay: To speak against someone or something.
withsay: To contradict or deny.
withsay: To speak against someone or something.
withsay: To gainsay, to oppose in speech (and by extension writing).
withsay: To speak against someone or something.
withsay: To forbid, to refuse to allow, give, or permit.
withsay: To speak against someone or something.
withsay: To decline, to refuse to do or accept.
linkify: To convert (a piece of text) to a hyperlink or hyperlinks.
podding: present participle and gerund of pod
splurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of splurt
lekking: present participle and gerund of lek
cameoed: simple past and past participle of cameo
geotags: third-person singular simple present indicative of geotag
quining: present participle and gerund of quine
plotzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of plotz
plotzed: simple past and past participle of plotz
refight: To fight again.
nannied: simple past and past participle of nanny
ironise: Alternative spelling of ironize
valeted: simple past and past participle of valet
unzoned: simple past and past participle of unzone
rescore: To score again; to assign new marks to.
rescore: To arrange (music) again.
reclogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclog
stiched: simple past and past participle of stich
miaowed: simple past and past participle of miaow
overtop: To be higher than; to rise over the top of.
overtop: To place too many toppings on.
fritted: simple past and past participle of frit
heavied: simple past and past participle of heavy
totting: present participle and gerund of tot
wimping: present participle and gerund of wimp
outrush: To rush outward; to issue forcibly.
outrush: To rush more than the other team.
pocking: present participle and gerund of pock
presold: simple past and past participle of presell
presell: To sell or obtain commitments to buy in advance of a formal offer to sell.
halloed: simple past and past participle of hallo
rerents: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerent
MEDEVAC: Alternative form of medevac
prefill: To fill in advance.
CASEVAC: To perform the emergency evacuation of (an injured person) from a combat zone.
bylined: simple past and past participle of byline
repoint: To replace or repair the pointing in brickwork.
lasered: simple past and past participle of laser
demises: third-person singular simple present indicative of demise
subvent: To subsidize.
demised: simple past and past participle of demise
horning: present participle and gerund of horn
yeasted: simple past and past participle of yeast
swagged: simple past and past participle of swag
restack: To stack again or differently.
gauzing: present participle and gerund of gauze
ruinate: To reduce to ruins; to destroy.
ruinate: To fall; to tumble.
claused: simple past and past participle of clause
upsizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsize
upsized: simple past and past participle of upsize
twigged: simple past and past participle of twig
incents: third-person singular simple present indicative of incent
refixed: simple past and past participle of refix
retears: third-person singular simple present indicative of retear
overmix: To mix too thoroughly
pushpin: To fasten with a thumbtack.
encored: simple past and past participle of encore
shoaled: simple past and past participle of shoal
initing: present participle and gerund of init
fessing: present participle and gerund of fess
wallers: third-person singular simple present indicative of waller
freezed: simple past and past participle of freeze
deveins: third-person singular simple present indicative of devein
debulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of debulk
cabbing: present participle and gerund of cab
led off: simple past of lead off
bash in: To break or dent badly by hitting violently.
bash in: To injure (someone) with violent blows.
spazzed: simple past and past participle of spaz
bank on: To rely on someone or something; to count on something; to depend on something.
rebears: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebear
bash up: To assault someone with the intention of causing physical injury; to beat up.
reflows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflow
creance: To get on credit; to borrow.
frosten: To make or become frosted
cofired: simple past and past participle of cofire
cofires: third-person singular simple present indicative of cofire
Arabise: Alternative spelling of Arabize
telnets: third-person singular simple present indicative of telnet
respots: third-person singular simple present indicative of respot
Arabize: To make Arab; to give Arab traits to.
hoarsen: To make or become hoarse.
nacking: present participle and gerund of nack
unalter: To reverse a previous alteration
rewater: To water again.
cancans: third-person singular simple present indicative of cancan
outslug: To score more runs than.
outslug: To defeat or surpass in a fistfight.
reroofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reroof
rekeyed: simple past and past participle of rekey
refelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of refelt
genlock: To synchronize in this manner.
præsume: Archaic spelling of presume.
codding: present participle and gerund of cod
unstack: To remove from a stack.
outhits: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhit
ruching: present participle and gerund of ruche
unalive: To make unalive; to kill.
unalive: To kill oneself; to commit suicide.
telefax: To transmit by telefacsimile.
epilate: To remove hair from the body by mechanical, chemical or other means.
bletted: simple past and past participle of blet
rehides: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehide
unmixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmix
unmated: simple past and past participle of unmate
undream: To dismiss from the imagination as though never dreamed.
unblurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unblur
reboard: To board (a vehicle, etc.) again.
reboard: To replace the wooden boards of.
overwet: To make too wet; to make wetter than required.
bonused: simple past and past participle of bonus
reflood: To flood again.
unseams: third-person singular simple present indicative of unseam
cogging: present participle and gerund of cog
kettled: simple past and past participle of kettle
crumbed: simple past and past participle of crumb
pre-tin: To coat (a metal) with solder or tin alloy prior to soldering or brazing it.
derezed: simple past and past participle of derez
enhalos: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhalo
funning: present participle and gerund of fun
glugged: simple past and past participle of glug
glopped: simple past and past participle of glop
goffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of goffer
iotizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of iotize
iotized: simple past and past participle of iotize
recoats: third-person singular simple present indicative of recoat
griding: present participle and gerund of gride
uses up: third-person singular simple present indicative of use up
spudded: simple past and past participle of spud
botting: present participle and gerund of bot
prooves: third-person singular simple present indicative of proove
prooved: simple past and past participle of proove
jeffing: present participle and gerund of jeff
overfit: To use a statistical model that has too many parameters relative to the size of the sample leading to a good fit with the sample data but a poor fit with new data.
deinked: simple past and past participle of deink
stirfry: Alternative spelling of stir-fry
educing: present participle and gerund of educe
buncoed: simple past and past participle of bunco
upgazed: simple past and past participle of upgaze
eggs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of egg on
upgazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgaze
mactate: To kill in sacrifice.
marcots: third-person singular simple present indicative of marcot
memoing: present participle and gerund of memo
mobling: present participle and gerund of moble
YouTube: To upload a video of something to YouTube.
YouTube: To search for and view on YouTube.
rebased: simple past and past participle of rebase
wotting: present participle and gerund of wot
gheraos: third-person singular simple present indicative of gherao
detrude: To push downwards with force
coedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of coedit
ninjaed: simple past and past participle of ninja
trueing: present participle and gerund of true
unclips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclip
abended: simple past and past participle of abend
bemerds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemerd
innates: third-person singular simple present indicative of innate
innated: simple past and past participle of innate
nutshot: To hit in the testicles.
nutshot: To hit in the testicles.
nutshot: Especially, to shoot (a player) in the groin, especially the testicles.
quadded: simple past and past participle of quad
jarking: present participle and gerund of jark
bed-wet: To wet the bed: to experience bed-wetting or enuresis, to urinate while asleep.
cut ice: To have influence (on something, especially someone's opinion); to be accepted or tolerated (by).
marvers: third-person singular simple present indicative of marver
moiling: present participle and gerund of moil
wimbled: simple past and past participle of wimble
unfangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfang
bagsing: present participle and gerund of bags
me-toos: third-person singular simple present indicative of me-too
salsaed: simple past and past participle of salsa
shooted: simple past and past participle of shoot
engrain: Alternative spelling of ingrain
delimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of delimb
withset: To set oneself against; oppose; resist.
withset: To be set against.
withset: To set (a place) with an ambush.
deading: present participle and gerund of dead
buzzsaw: To cut with a circular saw.
buzzsaw: To spin rapidly like the blades of a circular saw.
buzzsaw: To produce a loud, harsh noise like that of a circular saw.
unmatch: To separate a matching pair.
retrait: Obsolete form of retreat.
regilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of regild
noogied: simple past and past participle of noogie
resiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of resile
reknits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reknit
unweary: To refresh (a person) after weariness.
unmoors: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmoor
outflew: simple past of outfly
miaoued: simple past and past participle of miaou
no-life: To spend most or all one's time on.
hams up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ham up
dagging: present participle and gerund of dag
fatwaed: simple past and past participle of fatwa
nudzhed: simple past and past participle of nudzh
nudzhes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nudzh
maistre: Archaic form of master.
frotted: simple past and past participle of frot
telexed: simple past and past participle of telex
telexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of telex
bandsaw: To cut with a bandsaw.
incross: To breed incrosses.
justing: present participle and gerund of just
recrown: To crown again; to provide with another crown.
refixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of refix
seising: present participle and gerund of seise
comping: present participle and gerund of comp
rebleed: To bleed (hemorrhage) again.
reaudit: To audit again
reflags: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflag
uncoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncoop
vivaing: present participle and gerund of viva
outfire: To fire farther or better than.
noodged: simple past and past participle of noodge
noodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of noodge
subedit: To perform the work of a subeditor or copy editor.
derains: third-person singular simple present indicative of derain
deraign: To prove or to refute by proof, especially on threat of combat.
deraign: To engage in (battle, combat etc.).
darrain: To make ready to fight; to arm oneself for combat.
darrain: To fight out; to contest; to decide by combat.
misgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misgo
misgone: past participle of misgo
miswent: simple past of misgo
zedding: present participle and gerund of zed
finning: present participle and gerund of fin
arcking: present participle and gerund of arc
layback: To climb using layback maneuvers.
rechart: To chart again, to redraw a chart.
rechart: To chart again, to return to the music charts.
friezed: simple past and past participle of frieze
brivets: third-person singular simple present indicative of brivet
collied: simple past and past participle of colly
cwtched: simple past and past participle of cwtch
missees: third-person singular simple present indicative of missee
misseen: past participle of missee
fluxion: To be distributed in a flowing pattern.
flambee: Alternative spelling of flambé
alledge: Obsolete spelling of allege
misfeed: To feed incorrectly, as for example with the wrong foodstuff.
bigfoot: To control or manage forcefully; to exercise authority over.
bigfoot: To behave in an authoritative, commanding manner.
wear on: To irritate.
wear on: (chiefly of time) To persist or continue with increasing exhaustion.
wotteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wot
mirving: present participle and gerund of mirv
snerked: simple past and past participle of snerk
tear up: To tear into pieces.
tear up: To cancel or annul, or to cause the cancellation or annulment of (e.g. an agreement or contract).
tear up: To damage.
tear up: To succeed dramatically in (an area of endeavor) or against.
tear up: To wrench out of the ground.
tear up: To have intense penetrative sex with.
tear up: To brutally assault.
tear up: To start shedding tears.
fuckest: second-person singular of fuck
percuss: to strike; to hit; to knock; to give a blow to
percuss: to impact
percuss: to attempt to divine the location or other quality of something by tapping on (an overlying surface)
percuss: to attempt to divine the location or other quality of (something) by tapping on an overlying surface
discoed: simple past and past participle of disco
whapped: simple past and past participle of whap
repique: To score a repique against.
stimmed: simple past and past participle of stim
unsplit: To undo the splitting of.
emblaze: To kindle; set ablaze.
emblaze: To adorn with glittering embellishments; cause to glitter or shine.
emblaze: To illuminate; to etch or display in a bright, fiery way; blazon.
missort: To sort incorrectly; to misorder.
lanched: simple past and past participle of lanch
lanches: third-person singular simple present indicative of lanch
dump on: To finish a romantic relationship with (someone).
dump on: To complain to (someone) extensively; to (figuratively) transfer one's problems to (someone) by complaining to them.
bug out: To leave (a place) hastily.
bug out: To abandon someone without warning.
bug out: To miss school, play truant, play hooky.
bug out: To cause to bulge.
bug out: To freak out, to go crazy, e.g. from worry.
bug out: To crash or glitch.
stay up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see stay, up.
stay up: To remain awake, to not go to bed.
stay up: To maintain an erection.
æqualls: third-person singular simple present indicative of æquall
glom on: To attach oneself to something.
glom on: To comprehend something.
worthen: To give worth to; value; make or become worth or worthy; appraise.
worthen: past participle of worth.
zizzing: present participle and gerund of zizz
arcweld: To weld using an arc created by electricity.
mispair: To pair incorrectly; to mismatch in twos.
forhold: To detain, hold back, or hold up (someone or something); also, to retain or withhold (something).
lacquey: Archaic form of lackey.
grifted: simple past and past participle of grift
flub up: To flub; to botch or mess up.
titches: third-person singular simple present indicative of titch
relaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of relace
relaced: simple past and past participle of relace
dehires: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehire
dehired: simple past and past participle of dehire
upthrew: simple past of upthrow
upthrow: To throw or cast upwards.
upthrow: To throw up (a mass of material) from below, causing a fault.
upthrow: To be thrown up from below, causing a fault.
quobbed: simple past and past participle of quob
woke up: simple past of wake up
pennied: simple past and past participle of penny
wambled: simple past and past participle of wamble
mispelt: Misspelling of misspelt.
wambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wamble
tendres: third-person singular simple present indicative of tendre
misfare: To go astray; to transgress, to sin.
misfare: To fare badly; to be unlucky.
dursn't: Contraction of durst not.
hotwife: To participate in a hotwife sexual relationship.
abidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of abide
reclads: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclad
larrups: third-person singular simple present indicative of larrup
uncooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncook
gunging: present participle and gerund of gunge
upfills: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfill
typoing: present participle and gerund of typo
rejoint: To reunite the joints of; to joint anew
rejoint: to fill up the joints of, as stones in buildings when the mortar has been dislodged by age and the action of the weather
unflags: third-person singular simple present indicative of unflag
trip up: To commit an error, make a mistake.
trip up: To cause (someone) to commit an error, trick into a mistake.
trip up: To fall or stumble.
trip up: To cause (someone) to fall or stumble.
embrues: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrue
embrued: simple past and past participle of embrue
commote: To disturb or agitate, to disrupt also in the positive sense, to put into (more) commotion, to stir up, to add to the activity of.
doesnae: Alternative spelling of doesna
yabbied: simple past and past participle of yabby
outflux: To exit out of a defined zone.
adjuted: simple past and past participle of adjute
adjutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjute
ollying: present participle and gerund of ollie
unloops: third-person singular simple present indicative of unloop
malaxed: simple past and past participle of malax
foredid: simple past of foredo
'phones: third-person singular simple present indicative of ’phone
induing: present participle and gerund of indue
camcord: To record using a camcorder.
camming: present participle and gerund of cam
chaffed: simple past and past participle of chaff
jodeled: simple past and past participle of jodel
jumared: simple past and past participle of jumar
begirds: third-person singular simple present indicative of begird
écuelle: To rub the surface of (fruit) in a bowl to extract essential oil
unmerge: To separate (something previously merged); to demerge.
logs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of log on
louched: simple past and past participle of louche
co-sign: Alternative form of cosign
scubaed: simple past and past participle of scuba
caseate: To undergo necrotic degeneration into a cheese-like state.
dossing: present participle and gerund of doss
birther: To question the eligibility of a candidate for office or the location of one's birth.
skilder: To beg; to pilfer; to skelder.
recoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of recoin
blegged: past participle of bleg
cleping: present participle and gerund of clepe
autorun: To run (a program, etc.) automatically.
infirms: third-person singular simple present indicative of infirm
disbuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbud
putzing: present participle and gerund of putz
depaint: To depict.
depaint: To depict in words; to describe graphically.
depaint: To colour; to decorate with colours.
depaint: To stain; to distain.
depaint: To remove paint from.
detorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of detort
heeltap: To add a piece of leather to the heel of (a shoe, boot, etc.).
flehmed: simple past and past participle of flehm
dug out: simple past and past participle of dig out
bespawl: To daub, make foul, or soil (someone or something) with spawl or spittle.
air-dry: To dry by exposure to the air.
regrout: To grout again.
caveach: To prepare fish as a caveach
forment: Misspelling of foment.
handfed: simple past and past participle of handfeed
encaged: simple past and past participle of encage
encages: third-person singular simple present indicative of encage
enchafe: To make warm, to heat.
piaffes: third-person singular simple present indicative of piaffe
outrant: To surpass in ranting.
accable: To overwhelm; to encumber.
mouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of mouch
unglues: third-person singular simple present indicative of unglue
reargue: To argue again.
arrowed: past participle of arrow
overtan: To tan to too great a degree.
sproing: To spring or leap with such a sound.
succuss: To shake with vigor.
succuss: To shake with vigor.
succuss: To shake a patient to detect fluids or air in the body.
airdash: To travel hastily by aircraft; to fly.
entames: third-person singular simple present indicative of entame
recense: To review; to revise.
reshave: to shave again
thunked: simple past and past participle of thunk
deskews: third-person singular simple present indicative of deskew
outputt: to putt better than
costain: To stain with two or more stains
frocked: simple past and past participle of frock
behight: To vow, promise (someone).
behight: To be designated.
behight: To give in trust; to commit; to entrust.
behight: To mean, or intend.
behight: To consider or esteem to be; to declare to be.
behight: To call; to name; to address.
behight: To command; to order.
beleave: To leave behind, abandon.
beleave: To be left; to remain.
upvoted: simple past and past participle of upvote
upvotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upvote
præface: Obsolete spelling of preface
scomfit: To defeat, vanquish.
mossing: present participle and gerund of moss
snoozle: To nuzzle affectionately.
gerning: present participle and gerund of gern
keeling: present participle and gerund of keel
driting: present participle and gerund of drite
dritten: past participle of drite
Russify: To render or become more Russian.
æmulate: Archaic spelling of emulate.
lost it: simple past and past participle of lose it
aslakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of aslake
aslaked: simple past and past participle of aslake
lavaged: simple past and past participle of lavage
nonpros: Alternative form of non-pros
cornify: To convert or be converted into horn or a similar substance
relocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of relock
simpled: simple past and past participle of simple
rephase: To return to being in phase.
rephase: To revise the phasing of something.
overtip: To leave a tip that is too large.
beteach: To show; point out.
beteach: To give; hand over; deliver up; yield.
beteach: To hand over as a trust; intrust; commend, commit (someone), usually as a wish expressed on departing; recommend to the care of; give charge to.
beteach: To commit or commend (one), by the expression of a wish, to (God, the devil, etc.).
beteach: To allot; assign.
beteach: To teach; instruct.
inhæred: Archaic spelling of inhered; simple past and past participle of inhære
inhæres: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhære
croming: present participle and gerund of crome
hashtag: To label (a message) with a hashtag.
regened: simple past and past participle of regen
boobing: present participle and gerund of boob
compart: To divide and share with others.
compart: To divide into smaller parts; to divide into compartments.
compart: To arrange or lay out according to a plan, with due distribution and disposition of parts.
dial in: To configure or set up, particularly a complex machine with many configuration options (especially knobs and dials).
dial in: To connect to a system or service by telephone.
dial in: To join or participate in a conference call.
dial in: To apprehend and align oneself (to an idea, circumstance, way of thinking, etc.)
precoat: To coat in advance of another process
kazooed: simple past and past participle of kazoo
oversat: simple past and past participle of oversit
biggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bigger
barback: To work as a barback.
destems: third-person singular simple present indicative of destem
rewalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewalk
follers: third-person singular simple present indicative of foller
dinting: present participle and gerund of dint
cabined: simple past and past participle of cabin
confest: simple past and past participle of confess
findest: second-person singular simple present indicative of find
consarn: Pronunciation spelling of concern.
consarn: Confound.
sluffed: simple past and past participle of sluff
ingraft: Alternative spelling of engraft
ketched: simple past and past participle of ketch
lettest: second-person singular simple present indicative of let
lettest: second-person singular simple past indicative of let
leavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of leave
poo-poo: Alternative form of poo poo
dryfire: Alternative spelling of dry fire
thacked: simple past and past participle of thack
sarcase: To attack with sarcasm.
scrunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrunt
instore: To store up; to enclose; to contain.
out-gun: Alternative spelling of outgun
misdeem: To misjudge, to deem wrongly.
enflame: Alternative spelling of inflame
wawling: present participle and gerund of wawl
whiffle: To blow a short gust.
whiffle: To waffle, talk aimlessly.
whiffle: To waste time.
whiffle: To travel quickly with an accompanying wind-like sound; whizz, whistle along.
whiffle: To descend rapidly from a height once the decision to land has been made, involving fast side-slipping first one way and then the other.
whiffle: To waver, or shake, as if moved by gusts of wind; to shift, turn, or veer about.
whiffle: To wave or shake quickly; to cause to whiffle.
whiffle: To change from one opinion or course to another; to use evasions; to prevaricate; to be fickle.
whiffle: To disperse with, or as with, a whiff, or puff; to scatter.
beganst: second-person singular simple past indicative of begin
mistags: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistag
swinged: simple past and past participle of swinge
swinged: simple past and past participle of swing
unliked: simple past and past participle of unlike
enrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of enring
play at: To pretend to be a different person while playing a game.
play at: To do something in a manner that lacks seriousness, commitment, or professionalism.
play at: To play (a game).
pot mod: To modify the potentiometer of a laser so as to increase its power output above safer conventional levels, a practice among handheld laser enthusiasts and some manufacturers.
happing: present participle and gerund of hap
lash up: To construct in a shoddy, makeshift manner.
jaw-jaw: To talk at length; to chatter or jabber.
infames: third-person singular simple present indicative of infame
unicast: To transmit in this manner.
glycate: To react with an amino group of a protein
griming: present participle and gerund of grime
tangoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tango
baldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of balden
pulvers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pulver
seguing: Misspelling of segueing.
plicate: To fold or pleat (usually used in passive).
swacked: simple past and past participle of swack
soup up: To modify the engine of (a motor vehicle) to give a higher performance than the specifications.
soup up: To embellish with many additions.
rescope: To change the scope of.
shrieve: Obsolete form of shrive.
shrieve: To question.
went on: simple past of go on
glozing: present participle and gerund of gloze
toating: present participle and gerund of toat
ease up: To become more relaxed or less demanding.
ease up: To reduce one's speed.
spiling: present participle and gerund of spile
kyoodle: To make loud noises; to howl or holler.
pumiced: simple past and past participle of pumice
pumices: third-person singular simple present indicative of pumice
unraked: simple past and past participle of unrake
felters: third-person singular simple present indicative of felter
forsays: third-person singular simple present indicative of forsay
forsaid: simple past and past participle of forsay
re-shot: simple past and past participle of re-shoot
bag out: to criticise someone
bag out: to reach an allowable catch limit in recreational fishing
thirded: simple past and past participle of third
unshare: To stop sharing (a network resource etc.).
respecs: third-person singular simple present indicative of respec
unmutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmute
unmuted: simple past and past participle of unmute
lez out: Chiefly of a heterosexual woman, to engage in lesbian activity.
nowcast: To predict the weather for a very short upcoming period (usually a few hours).
nowcast: To estimate what is currently happening based on knowledge of how data is biased.
reshake: to shake again
reshook: simple past of reshake
prenote: To note or designate beforehand.
lidding: present participle and gerund of lid
job-hop: to have numerous jobs in a short period of time
ullaged: simple past and past participle of ullage
LARPing: present participle and gerund of LARP — live action role-playing
Xes out: third-person singular simple present indicative of X out
Xed out: simple past and past participle of X out
yee-haw: Alternative spelling of yeehaw
dirempt: To separate; to divide; to break off.
dutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of dutch
opts in: third-person singular simple present indicative of opt in
doodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of doody
cobrand: To market (a product or service) under two or more brands together.
stetted: simple past and past participle of stet
backest: second-person singular simple present indicative of back
drag on: to last too long
frushed: simple past and past participle of frush
frushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of frush
retweet: To repost or forward another user's message on the microblogging social networking website Twitter.
begloom: To make gloomy; darken.
begloom: To sadden.
benamed: simple past and past participle of bename
benames: third-person singular simple present indicative of bename
yoyoing: present participle and gerund of yoyo
whoised: simple past and past participle of whois
whoises: third-person singular simple present indicative of whois
jellify: To form a jelly; to gel.
jellify: To make into a jelly.
spooner: To utter a spoonerism.
wheeked: simple past and past participle of wheek
godding: present participle and gerund of god
pan-fry: To fry in a pan with minimal oil.
pack in: To give up, to quit.
pack in: To include (especially of a large amount).
pack in: To transport to base camp, especially by backpack.
pass up: To refuse (not accept); forgo.
pass up: To submit (hand in) items to a person, usually one's teacher.
pass up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pass, up.
peg out: To mark (a territory or area) with pegs.
peg out: To die.
peg out: To finish a game of croquet.
peg out: To move one's peg to the last position on the pegboard, and thus win.
peg out: To hang up (washing) using pegs.
plow on: To continue with a menial, tedious, or time-consuming task.
dittoed: simple past and past participle of ditto
pull in: To pull something, so that it comes inside.
pull in: To approach or drive up to a place and come to a stop; to park by driving frontways into a parking spot.
pull in: To approach a station; to arrive at a station.
pull in: To arrest someone; to take someone to a police station because they may have done something.
pull in: To earn [money].
pull in: To tighten a sail by pulling on a rope.
push in: To jump the queue, especially in a forceful manner.
push in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see push, in.
engloom: to make gloomy
rack up: to arrange in a rack
rack up: to gain (points etc.; in a game or sport), to accumulate
rack up: to acquire, to gather together.
rack up: to defeat severely, to thrash
rack up: to collect one's chips and cash out.
read up: To learn (about something) by reading.
reel in: To bring (a fish etc.) out of the water by winding the reel.
reel in: To bring in (e.g. by attractive offers or persuasion); to lure.
crizzle: To roughen on the surface.
resmelt: To smelt again; to smelt a second time.
daymare: To have a daymare.
SPADing: present participle and gerund of SPAD
quaying: present participle and gerund of quay
plounce: to plunge
younged: simple past and past participle of young
togging: present participle and gerund of tog
deseeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of deseed
goes on: third-person singular simple present indicative of go on
gone on: past participle of go on
gone on: infatuated with.
nilling: present participle and gerund of nill
autohid: simple past of autohide
dualize: To make dual, to find or consider the dual item of a given one.
dualize: To transform into a dual carriageway.
dualise: Alternative spelling of dualize
unholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhold
lenited: simple past and past participle of lenite
lenites: third-person singular simple present indicative of lenite
reclimb: To climb again.
gatting: present participle and gerund of gat
dogsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of dogsit
birdsit: To babysit for (take care of) a bird.
catsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of catsit
birdsat: simple past and past participle of birdsit
chasséd: simple past and past participle of chassé
chirred: simple past and past participle of chirr
chirred: simple past and past participle of chirre
overset: To set over (something); to cover.
overset: To turn, or to be turned, over; to be upset; to capsize.
overset: To knock over, capsize, overturn.
overset: To overwhelm; to overthrow, defeat.
overset: To physically disturb (someone); to make nauseous, upset.
overset: To unbalance (a situation, state etc.); to confuse, to put into disarray.
overset: to set (type or copy) in excess of what is needed; to set too much type for a given space.
overset: To translate.
overset: To overfill.
cognise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of cognize.
plained: simple past and past participle of plain
tawking: present participle and gerund of tawk
enscale: To layer with scales.
enridge: To form ridges on.
reblogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblog
makeing: Obsolete spelling of making
makeing: Misspelling of making.
reclean: To clean again.
rose up: simple past of rise up
paction: To form a pact; to make a binding agreement.
kept on: simple past and past participle of keep on
re-lays: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-lay
luck in: To experience good luck; to be fortunate or lucky.
tits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tit up
ratioed: simple past and past participle of ratio
shaling: present participle and gerund of shale
oompahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of oompah
heatmap: To create a heat map
Googled: simple past and past participle of Google
Googles: third-person singular simple present indicative of Google
lushing: present participle and gerund of lush
hang in: To remain in a particular place or status.
yomping: present participle and gerund of yomp
showrun: To act as a showrunner for (a television show).
upwells: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwell
thrutch: To push; press.
thrutch: To crowd; throng; squeeze.
thrutch: To trouble; oppress.
thrutch: To thrust.
thrutch: (caving, climbing (sport)) To push, press, or squeeze into a place; move sideways or vertically in an upright position by wriggling the body against opposing rock surfaces. Compare chimney.
thrutch: To push, press, or squeeze into a place; move sideways or vertically in an upright position by wriggling the body against opposing rock surfaces. Compare chimney.
rechime: to chime again
chop up: To separate or divide something that was whole.
chop up: To cut or chop (meat, etc.) into separate pieces.
chop up: To separate or divide something that was whole.
chop up: To convert a sampled audio file into short segments.
chop up: To cause a body of water to become choppy.
chop up: To seize or devour greedily.
bar hop: Alternative spelling of barhop
bat out: to expel, using bats, paddles or similar things.
bat out: to churn out, produce hurriedly
bat out: to flatten something (e.g. with a rolling pin)
bat out: to continue batting (normally to prevent what would otherwise result in losing a match)
verbize: to create a new verb by adding a suffix (especially -ize) to a noun.
out-top: have a top higher than
merched: simple past and past participle of merch
expugns: third-person singular simple present indicative of expugn
stouten: To make or become stout or stouter; to gain in in size or weight; fatten up.
reannex: To annex again.
whoomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoomp
unlawed: simple past and past participle of unlaw
inforce: Obsolete spelling of enforce
chew up: to chew so as to make something pulpy
chew up: to ruin (especially land), by digging
chew up: to defeat utterly
piss up: to screw up, make a mess of
piss up: to blunder, to make a mistake
bumbaze: To perplex, confuse.
fan out: To spread out into the shape of a fan
rebloom: To bloom again.
outlain: past participle of outlie
outlied: simple past and past participle of outlie
outlies: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlie
forworn: past participle of forwear
primmed: simple past and past participle of prim
snouted: simple past and past participle of snout
supe up: Alternative spelling of soup up
arylate: To introduce one or more aryl groups into a molecule
bed out: To transfer a young plant from an inside location such as a greenhouse to an outdoors flower bed.
writhen: past participle of writhe
writin': Pronunciation spelling of writing.
doughed: simple past and past participle of dough
unlives: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlive
replait: To plait again.
replait: To interweave.
demixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of demix
rewraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewrap
demixed: simple past and past participle of demix
unsolve: To solve.
unsolve: To undo or remove the solution to a problem; to put something into an unsolved state.
duff up: To beat up, to give a beating to.
dude up: To dress up; to dress in smart or special clothes.
wabbled: simple past and past participle of wabble
wabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wabble
euroize: To adopt the euro as official currency, or to link one's currency to the euro.
unropes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrope
pitoned: simple past and past participle of piton
dust up: To cover with dust.
dust up: To attack (a person) physically; to beat up.
link up: To link or join together.
link up: To become linked or joined together.
link up: To meet with someone.
unroped: simple past and past participle of unrope
dry off: To make dry.
dry off: To become dry.
dry off: To cease milking a cow in preparation for calving.
cognite: To become aware, or think so as to become aware, of some fundamental truth.
cognite: To think or cogitate (about).
erotise: to eroticise, make erotic
erotize: to eroticize, make erotic
plutoed: simple past and past participle of pluto
entwist: To twist or wreathe around; entwine.
screaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of screak
appeale: Obsolete spelling of appeal
slidden: past participle of slide
shut in: To confine.
shut in: To completely surround or enclose.
shut in: To settle down, or fall; to arrive; (said of evening, etc.)
mopying: present participle and gerund of mopy
unmarry: To undo the action of marrying somebody.
abjoint: To form by cutting off as a protrusion from a parent cell.
abjoint: To separate from the hypha of a fungus by the formation of a septum.
summest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sum
tippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tip
quakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of quake
packest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pack
resight: To sight, to see, to look at again.
outfuck: To fuck better or more than; to be superior to at sexual intercourse.
uprates: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprate
rope up: To tie up using a rope.
rope up: To attach oneself to a rope.
rid out: to clear out, empty
mush up: to cause to become mushy; to crush into a paste
rake up: To bring up or uncover (something), as embarrassing information, past misdeeds, etc.
rake up: To cover up, to hide (like covering live embers by raking ashes over them).
rake up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rake.
rig out: to provide with equipment or gear
rig out: To dress; to clothe, especially in an odd or fanciful manner.
rig out: to expel the holder of an office or other position by means of rigging the election.
fit out: To provide a thing, a group, a person or oneself with requisites; to kit out.
fallest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fall
teareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tear
tedding: present participle and gerund of ted
teached: simple past and past participle of teach
ante in: to ante up
coil up: to make, or become, coiled
bale up: To pack or collect into a bale or bundle.
bake up: To prepare by baking.
baby up: To treat as a baby.
baby up: To have babies or children to care for
bar off: To barricade with bars.
bar off: To prohibit (e.g. a topic of discussion).
landest: second-person singular simple present indicative of land
load up: To fill with a load of cargo or similar.
load up: To receive a load of cargo or similar.
load up: To fully load (a weapon).
load up: To load (software) fully into memory.
load up: To intoxicate oneself with alcohol or drugs; to get drunk or get high.
bind up: To wrap, as with bandages.
bind up: To tie together
esloyne: Obsolete spelling of eloign
misdiet: To diet improperly.
tobreak: To break completely; crush.
tobreak: To break apart; break in pieces.
colimit: To limit along with another material.
gittern: To play on the gittern.
redd up: To clean up, especially a room.
encline: Obsolete spelling of incline
rollest: second-person singular simple present indicative of roll
eloigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of eloign
evenest: second-person singular simple present indicative of even
testest: second-person singular simple present indicative of test
remords: third-person singular simple present indicative of remord
editing: present participle and gerund of edit
unbreak: To do the inverse or opposite of breaking: to mend, restore, heal, or fix; to make no longer broken.
entring: present participle and gerund of enter
entring: present participle and gerund of entre
hear of: To become aware of (a subject, person) through second-hand knowledge, or not through personal experience.
hear of: To permit or tolerate.
runnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of run
ingulfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingulf
churred: simple past and past participle of churr
troated: simple past and past participle of troat
trobles: third-person singular simple present indicative of troble
roweled: simple past and past participle of rowel
decloak: To become visible again by turning off a cloaking device
decloak: To remove background stains
kisting: present participle and gerund of kist
vapored: simple past and past participle of vapor
analise: Misspelling of analyse.
royster: Obsolete spelling of roister
upbring: To bring up.
promove: To move forward; to advance; to promote.
decunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of decunt
uncunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncunt
timesed: simple past and past participle of times
timeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of times
vroomed: simple past and past participle of vroom
go home: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, home. To return to one's house.
go home: To die.
go home: To be eliminated in a competition.
brailed: simple past and past participle of brail
batmans: third-person singular simple present indicative of batman
envolve: Obsolete spelling of involve
codging: present participle and gerund of codge
bevvied: simple past and past participle of bevvy
turtled: simple past and past participle of turtle
forlets: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlet
misween: To believe wrongly; to misconceive.
dispart: To part, separate.
dispart: To divide, divide up, distribute.
dispart: To furnish with a dispart sight.
dispart: To make allowance for the dispart in (a gun), when taking aim.
unnoble: To make (someone or something) no longer noble
damnify: To damage physically; to injure.
damnify: To cause injuries or loss to.
outfool: to be more foolish than.
outfool: to outwit
foolify: to fool, to make a fool of
wayment: To lament.
turn to: To become, to turn into.
turn to: To consult for advice or help.
turn to: To start to do or to use something in an attempt to deal with a difficult and unpleasant situation.
turn to: To direct one's attention or efforts toward something.
turn to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see turn, to.
embrave: To inspire with bravery.
embrave: To embellish, adorn.
bynempt: simple past and past participle of bename
overwon: simple past and past participle of overwin
uptying: present participle and gerund of uptie
engluts: third-person singular simple present indicative of englut
overwin: To overcome; gain one's point; exceed.
yplight: past participle of plight
forelie: To lie in front.
amelled: simple past and past participle of amel
forelay: To lay down beforehand
forelay: To waylay.
forelay: To plan; contrive in advance
forelay: simple past of forelie
flypost: To place flyers or similar promotional material without permission.
ingrave: Obsolete form of engrave.
ingrave: To bury.
begrave: To bury.
begrave: To engrave.
unbrace: To undo, unfasten; to relax, loosen.
free up: To make (space or time) available.
chiacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chiack
Easters: third-person singular simple present indicative of Easter
aggrate: To gratify, cause pleasure to.
coexert: To exert a combined influence.
dismail: To remove the chainmail or armour from (someone).
placify: To create a peaceful and calm environment; to make placid.
placify: To calm (someone), to pacify.
hornify: To make horny, or like horn in texture; to harden.
hornify: To make horny; to excite sexually; to arouse.
hornify: To horn; to cuckold.
shright: simple past and past participle of shritch
unparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpark
reproed: simple past and past participle of repro
colport: To work as a colporteur
zouking: present participle and gerund of zouk
trindle: to roll, trundle.
outlift: To lift more weight than.
compane: To associate with.
coalize: To form into a coalition; to coalesce.
coalise: to form into a coalition; to coalesce.
finisht: simple past and past participle of finish
mistend: To tend poorly
verneuk: To cheat or deceive.
haltest: second-person singular simple present indicative of halt
cooccur: Alternative spelling of co-occur
coöccur: Rare spelling of co-occur.
devoice: To pronounce a word with little movement of the vocal cords
devoice: To remove the voice flag from a user on IRC, preventing them from sending messages to the channel.
ensiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensile
remercy: To thank (someone).
spatted: simple past and past participle of spat
wankin': Pronunciation spelling of wanking.
fuckin': Pronunciation spelling of fucking.
meetin': Pronunciation spelling of meeting.
puttin': Pronunciation spelling of putting.
poppin': Pronunciation spelling of popping.
lickin': Pronunciation spelling of licking.
suckin': Pronunciation spelling of sucking.
sittin': Pronunciation spelling of sitting.
wantin': Pronunciation spelling of wanting.
beatin': Pronunciation spelling of beating.
warmin': Pronunciation spelling of warming.
bestorm: To overtake with a storm; assail with storms.
bashin': Pronunciation spelling of bashing.
nickin': Pronunciation spelling of nicking.
winnin': Pronunciation spelling of winning.
playin': Pronunciation spelling of playing.
blowin': Pronunciation spelling of blowing.
poopin': Pronunciation spelling of pooping.
f***in': Censored spelling of fuckin'.
kiddin': Informal spelling of kidding.
knowin': Pronunciation spelling of knowing.
walkin': Pronunciation spelling of walking.
learn'd: simple past and past participle of learn
singin': Pronunciation spelling of singing.
touch'd: simple past and past participle of touch
callin': Pronunciation spelling of calling.
bless'd: simple past and past participle of bless
dress'd: simple past and past participle of dress
press'd: simple past and past participle of press
resteer: To steer again or on a different course.
readin': Pronunciation spelling of reading.
drivin': Pronunciation spelling of driving.
offer'd: simple past and past participle of offer
turnin': Pronunciation spelling of turning.
leavin': Pronunciation spelling of leaving.
enter'd: simple past and past participle of enter
cover'd: simple past and past participle of cover
prinked: simple past and past participle of prink
shuddup: Pronunciation spelling of shut up.
unsharp: To sharpen (an image) by creating a blurred ("unsharp") negative as a mask, and then combining that mask with the original.
fuzzify: To subject to fuzzification.
imbrace: Obsolete spelling of embrace
surbate: To bruise, hurt (the feet, hooves etc.) from walking.
leapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of leap
leapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of leap
shritch: To screech, scream.
pimp up: To get dressed up in showy clothing or jewellery.
pimp up: To decorate or prettify in a showy manner.
fetting: present participle and gerund of fet
whigged: simple past and past participle of whig
chub up: To become chubby; to grow fat.
forpass: To go by; pass, go past; pass unnoticed; cross.
forpass: To go beyond, exceed; surpass.
canoing: Misspelling of canoeing.
charked: simple past and past participle of chark
propage: To propagate.
applyed: Obsolete spelling of applied; simple past and past participle of apply
enroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of enroot
discide: To cut apart; to cut into pieces.
s'poses: third-person singular simple present indicative of s'pose
s'posed: simple past and past participle of s'pose
striked: simple past and past participle of strike
sposing: present participle and gerund of spose
uncapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncape
uncaped: simple past and past participle of uncape
guttled: simple past and past participle of guttle
guttles: third-person singular simple present indicative of guttle
warnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of warn
bindest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bind
hot-tub: To relax in a hot tub.
yauping: present participle and gerund of yaup
scummer: scumber
thorned: simple past and past participle of thorn
templed: simple past and past participle of temple
scumber: to void excrement
rabatte: Alternative form of rabat (“to rotate a plane of projection”)
dehulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehull
re-used: simple past and past participle of re-use
gnarred: simple past and past participle of gnar
gnarred: simple past and past participle of gnarr
reeving: present participle and gerund of reeve
dehorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehort
drown'd: simple past and past participle of drown
tellin': Pronunciation spelling of telling.
talkin': Alternative spelling of talking
zotting: present participle and gerund of zot
joggin': Pronunciation spelling of jogging.
runnin': Pronunciation spelling of running.
smogged: simple past and past participle of smog
titwank: To masturbate the penis using one's breasts.
reblock: To block, prevent, or hamper again.
reblock: To remould (a hat) into its original shape.
reblock: To block, or specify the position of, (actors on the stage) again.
bittest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bite
flacker: To flutter like a bird.
flacker: To flicker; to quiver.
predose: To dose (a semiconductor etc,) in advance of another process.
shodden: past participle of shoe
seajack: To illegally take control of a vessel.
de-ices: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-ice
de-iced: simple past and past participle of de-ice
burking: present participle and gerund of burke
sinkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sink
inbuild: to build in, construct in such a way as to possess an integral part, include
inbuild: to fortify, strengthen
deblend: To separate signals that overlap
oldened: simple past and past participle of olden
pad out: To add something extra to something to make it appear more substantial.
pad out: To sleep or go to bed.
forwear: To wear out; wear away; exhaust; spend; waste.
awaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of awake
awakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of awake
atonest: second-person singular simple present indicative of atone
forhang: to hang to death, put to death by hanging.
atoneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of atone
heapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of heap
prayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pray
obeyeth: third-person singular present simple form of obey
workest: second-person singular simple present indicative of work
bestead: To help, assist.
bestead: To profit; benefit; serve; avail.
bestead: To take the place of; replace.
outlead: To lead out.
outlead: To bring about; to encourage.
outlead: To exceed in leadership.
outlead: To exceed in leading; to maintain a strong lead ahead of; to outcompete.
stegged: simple past and past participle of steg
swinked: simple past and past participle of swink
lock on: To begin tracking a target via an automated system.
lock on: To cause a missile to track (a target).
logroll: To exchange political favours.
logroll: To combine legislative items, either or both of which might fail on its own, into a single bill that is more likely to pass.
logroll: To roll a log in a body of water, while balancing on it; to birl.
logroll: To move like rolling logs.
logroll: To safely move (a body) in an emergency (medical) situation, tilting them up, then laying them on a transport surface.
deblock: To unblock; remove a blockage from.
deblock: To separate the logical records that have been combined into a physical block for storage.
deblock: To process (digital video) so as to remove block-shaped artifacts of encoding.
snudged: simple past and past participle of snudge
blonden: To turn blond
blonden: To make blond
nouning: present participle and gerund of noun
unweave: To undo something woven.
jampack: Alternative spelling of jam-pack
bursten: past participle of burst.
gets on: third-person singular simple present indicative of get on
gets to: third-person singular simple present indicative of get to
drinked: simple past and past participle of drink
opprest: simple past and past participle of oppress
outjest: To jest better than
outdare: To dare beyond; to be more bold or daring than.
outroar: To roar louder than.
outglow: To glow brighter than
kvelled: simple past and past participle of kvell
choosed: simple past and past participle of choose
breaked: simple past and past participle of break
bringed: simple past and past participle of bring
breeded: simple past and past participle of breed
fighted: simple past and past participle of fight
fly low: to have one's fly (zipper) undone.
fly low: to fly under the radar; to act in a discreet or sneaky fashion
bursted: simple past and past participle of burst
swimmed: simple past and past participle of swim
sweared: simple past and past participle of swear (“take an oath”)
sweared: simple past and past participle of swear (“British dialects: be lazy”)
clinged: simple past and past participle of cling (“to adhere”)
clinged: simple past and past participle of cling (“to ring”)
becomed: simple past and past participle of become
emvowel: To replace a portion of a person's name with a dash in printing, in order to avoid libel.
speaked: simple past and past participle of speak
resifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of resift
presift: To sift in advance.
caviled: simple past and past participle of cavil
quiring: present participle and gerund of quire
preread: To read in advance.
mummied: simple past and past participle of mummy
updrawn: past participle of updraw
lipping: present participle and gerund of lip
singest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sing
singest: second-person singular simple present indicative of singe
limp in: Before the flop, to call as opposed to raising.
tops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of top up
coadded: simple past and past participle of coadd
swashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swash
siddown: Pronunciation spelling of sit down.
swashed: simple past and past participle of swash
delints: third-person singular simple present indicative of delint
outleap: To leap out, as if from an ambush.
outleap: To leap beyond or farther than.
glouted: simple past and past participle of glout
photted: simple past and past participle of phot
rerefer: To refer again or anew.
spanish: To subject to spanishing, a printing process in which an ink is deposited on the bottoms and sides of depressions formed in a plastic material
vatting: present participle and gerund of vat
dispise: Obsolete spelling of despise
uptears: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptear
dewired: simple past and past participle of dewire
dewires: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewire
nursest: second-person singular simple present indicative of nurse
funking: present participle and gerund of funk
sowthed: simple past and past participle of sowth
upfault: To form a fault that is raised relative to the surrounding land.
chequer: Alternative spelling of checker
appress: To press close to.
dispend: To spend or expend.
dispend: To waste or squander.
dispend: To distribute or dispense.
westing: present participle and gerund of west
withsit: To resist, oppose, be set against or in opposition to.
withsit: To withstand.
beliven: past participle of belive
soccers: third-person singular simple present indicative of soccer
upzones: third-person singular simple present indicative of upzone
upzoned: simple past and past participle of upzone
cording: present participle and gerund of cord
parbake: To bake (bread or dough) partially so it can be rapidly frozen for storage.
replugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of replug
swiggle: to wriggle, wiggle or squirm
swiggle: to drink to excess
friggle: To wriggle.
friggle: To fiddle, fumble.
trinkle: To trickle.
trinkle: To tinkle.
trinkle: To play piano, as in "tinkle the ivories."
trinkle: To act secretly, or in an underhand way; to tamper.
chinkle: To chink or jingle.
chinkle: To tinkle or cause to tinkle; to produce a continued chinking sound with.
miscopy: To copy incorrectly; to copy with mistakes.
prechew: To chew (food) in advance.
unspoil: To make less spoiled.
bloused: simple past and past participle of blouse
outbred: simple past and past participle of outbreed
intwine: Archaic spelling of entwine.
retwist: To twist again or anew.
dephase: To make (different parts of a circuit etc.) out of phase
hems in: third-person singular simple present indicative of hem in
afflate: To fill, especially with divine inspiration.
prebake: To bake (a crust, an industrial compound, etc.) in advance.
tap out: To produce (a message, rhythm, or other thing) by tapping.
tap out: To submit to an opponent by tapping one's hand repeatedly either on the arena or the opponent's body.
tap out: To force (an opponent) to submit.
tap out: To relieve a person of duty, such as a casino worker or wrestler in a tag-team match.
tap out: To deplete, especially of a liquid; to finish the last of a drink.
tap out: To run out of money in a gambling establishment.
defalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of defalk
bodying: present participle and gerund of body
gruntle: To utter small, low grunts.
gruntle: To complain; to grumble
gruntle: To humour; to induce the opposite effect of causing a person to become disgruntled.
cusping: present participle and gerund of cusp
dealign: To put, or to become, out of alignment
ironize: To use irony
ironize: To treat something in an ironic fashion
backsaw: To cut with a backsaw.
daysail: To sail a yacht for a single day, or to sail by day with overnight accommodation on land
destock: To reduce the amount of stock held (by a retail establishment)
declass: To lower the class or social standing of.
declass: To remove from a class.
burnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of burn
precode: To code in advance
reglaze: To glaze again.
regorge: To disgorge or vomit.
regorge: To swallow again; to swallow back.
returfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of returf
whoomph: Alternative form of whoomp
uncrown: To deprive of the monarchy or other authority or status.
uncrown: To remove a crown from (often figuratively).
untwine: To untwist the strands of (something entwined).
untwine: To free (one thing that is entwined with another), disentangle, extricate.
untwine: To become untwisted or disentangled.
unshoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshoe
saccing: present participle and gerund of sac
unshoed: simple past and past participle of unshoe
emplane: Alternative form of enplane
jurying: present participle and gerund of jury
peached: simple past and past participle of peach
unsling: to take something from a hanging or slung position.
reallot: To allot for a second or subsequent time
underly: Nonstandard spelling of underlie.
patines: third-person singular simple present indicative of patine
quoteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of quote
quotest: second-person singular simple present indicative of quote
dispace: To wander, to roam, move about.
gambado: To perform a gambade (leaping movement).
intices: third-person singular simple present indicative of intice
inlarge: Archaic spelling of enlarge.
inticed: simple past and past participle of intice
replyed: simple past and past participle of reply; archaic spelling of replied.
marryed: simple past and past participle of marry; archaic spelling of married.
hurryed: simple past and past participle of hurry; archaic spelling of hurried.
sissify: To make sissy; to emasculate.
carryed: simple past and past participle of carry; archaic spelling of carried.
prewire: To install a wiring system in advance of it being used or needed
fallin': Pronunciation spelling of falling.
yoiking: present participle and gerund of yoik
warneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of warn
bendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bend
graunch: To grind or crunch.
smoodge: To act in an ingratiating manner; to fawn.
smoodge: To kiss and cuddle; to canoodle.
stounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of stound
spirted: simple past and past participle of spirt
spur on: To spur or urge (someone) to do something.
titered: simple past and past participle of titer
sealift: To transport by sea
disrate: To lower a rate or rating
disrate: To demote a sailor to a lower rank
misaims: third-person singular simple present indicative of misaim
recorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recork
shiplap: To overlap boards by this means.
rake in: to collect something such as leaves into a pile, often with a rake
rake in: to receive or to collect a large quantity of (something, especially money)
go Galt: To become a recluse and stop contributing to one's society, especially in the form of taxes, by reducing one's productivity or work or by refusing to follow societal norms that one believes to be unjust.
unduped: simple past and past participle of undupe
lit out: simple past and past participle of light out
growest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grow
hurrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurray
upgrown: past participle of upgrow
upgrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgrow
grozing: present participle and gerund of groze
brumate: To be in a lethargic state, somewhat analogous to hibernation but not the same. Commonly found in reptiles and in some other animal species, such as bears.
jumpcut: Alternative spelling of jump-cut
glidden: alternative past participle of glide.
coowned: simple past and past participle of coown
ochring: present participle and gerund of ochre
woulder: Alternative spelling of woulda
maister: To master; to gain control over.
dooking: present participle and gerund of dook
unsully: To make clean (something formerly sullied).
holloed: simple past and past participle of hollo
outwalk: To walk further than another
untaped: simple past and past participle of untape
cubbing: present participle and gerund of cub
predoom: To determine someone's fate in advance
offtake: To take off; take away.
sheaved: simple past and past participle of sheave
outland: To land more (punches, kicks etc.) than.
enclasp: To hold in (or as if in) a clasp; to embrace
oversit: To preside over, govern, rule; to control.
oversit: To conquer, gain control or ownership of.
oversit: To grasp, comprehend; to understand.
oversit: To neglect, omit; to desist, refrain from, forbear.
oversit: To overstay, outstay, overlinger.
oversit: To spend too much time sitting.
bivvied: simple past and past participle of bivvy
quethed: past participle of quethe
quethes: third-person singular simple present indicative of quethe
spunked: simple past and past participle of spunk
oversew: To sew together the edges of two pieces of fabric, with every stitch passing over the join.
quethen: past participle of quethe
reskins: third-person singular simple present indicative of reskin
rimrock: To drive (animals) over a cliff edge.
mismaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismap
roarest: second-person singular simple present indicative of roar
belives: third-person singular simple present indicative of belive
forpine: To pine away.
forpine: To waste away through suffering or through torment.
kyanize: To preserve wood from decay by soaking it in a solution of mercuric chloride
tsktsks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tsktsk
fooster: To bustle about in a purposeless way; fidget.
fooster: To rummage; to engage in inept activity; to noodle.
embowel: To enclose or bury.
embowel: To remove the bowels; disembowel.
unjoint: To dislocate.
unjoint: To disjoint.
largens: third-person singular simple present indicative of largen
up-ends: third-person singular simple present indicative of up-end
outhaul: To haul out
pissest: second-person singular simple present indicative of piss
commove: To move violently; to agitate, excite or rouse
newform: To form or shape anew; reform.
ends up: third-person singular simple present indicative of end up
beswink: to labour, toil; belabour
retable: To table again.
guddled: simple past and past participle of guddle
frained: simple past and past participle of frain
afforce: To reinforce (a team etc.) with extra people
lamming: present participle and gerund of lam
discede: To yield or give up; to depart.
bestick: To stick on the surface of; cover over.
bestick: To pierce in various places; pierce through and through.
harshen: To make, or to become harsh; render hard and rough.
harshen: To render peevish, morose, or austere.
shiting: present participle and gerund of shite
slidder: To slip or slide, especially clumsily, or in a gingerly, timorous way.
waitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wait
relinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of relink
pathing: present participle and gerund of path
fliting: present participle and gerund of flite
drolled: simple past and past participle of droll
avolate: To escape; to dissipate into the air.
avolate: To fly by; to pass quickly.
berayed: simple past and past participle of beray
whanged: simple past and past participle of whang
prebuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebuy
burring: present participle and gerund of burr
regreen: To make green again (especially urban developments or ripened fruit).
bigging: present participle and gerund of big
borning: present participle and gerund of born
unitate: To obtain the unitate of.
camoing: present participle and gerund of camo
mumming: present participle and gerund of mum
mumming: present participle and gerund of mumm
rechalk: To chalk again or anew.
outsail: To sail faster or further than.
outsing: To sing better, longer or louder than.
outshop: To send a railway vehicle out from a workshop or factory after construction or overhaul.
outshop: To purchase goods outside of one's local area.
outshop: To surpass in shopping; to shop more or better than.
rouping: present participle and gerund of roup
supples: third-person singular simple present indicative of supple
implete: To fill.
admoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of admove
defleas: third-person singular simple present indicative of deflea
arrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of arride
exterge: to clean
repleat: To pleat again.
demulce: To soothe; to mollify; to pacify; to soften.
emulges: third-person singular simple present indicative of emulge
devoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of devove
trobled: simple past and past participle of troble
shuggle: Alternative form of shoogle
carpent: To do carpentry, or work on (something) as a carpenter.
obvolve: To enfold or wrap around; to cover by wrapping.
subduce: To withdraw; to take away.
subduce: To subtract by arithmetical operation; to deduct.
occurre: Obsolete form of occur.
canaled: simple past and past participle of canal
improvs: third-person singular simple present indicative of improv
reawoke: simple past of reawake
unbroke: simple past of unbreak
reawake: To wake up again.
hutting: present participle and gerund of hut
hinnied: simple past and past participle of hinny
delivre: Archaic form of deliver.
tumesce: To become tumescent; to expand or inflate.
suprise: Misspelling of surprise.
tach up: To rev (up) a car's engine; to accelerate.
forlend: To give up; give up wholly or completely.
recloak: To cloak again or anew.
tenuate: To make thin; to attenuate.
exquire: To search into or out.
enskied: simple past and past participle of ensky
enskies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensky
tszujes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tszuj
tszujed: simple past and past participle of tszuj
birling: present participle and gerund of birl
bolixed: simple past and past participle of bolix
sparble: to scatter, disperse
regloss: To add a gloss (explanatory note on text) again or anew.
dorkify: To make dorky.
troaked: simple past and past participle of troak
dements: third-person singular simple present indicative of dement
angeled: simple past and past participle of angel
needest: second-person singular simple present indicative of need
restest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rest
topline: To bill (a performer) as the primary entertainer in a production.
topline: To be billed as the primary entertainer in (a production).
brickle: To fail spectacularly.
coslept: simple past and past participle of cosleep
cosleep: To sleep in the same bed (with someone), especially of a family member, parent, child etc.
flurted: simple past and past participle of flurt
flouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of flouse
inlight: To shine.
inlight: To give light to; enlighten.
spurlge: Misspelling of splurge.
forbeat: To beat.
forbeat: To beat up, beat to pieces, beat to death.
bussell: Obsolete spelling of bustle
joinin': Pronunciation spelling of joining.
lookin': Pronunciation spelling of looking.
'arbour: Pronunciation spelling of harbour.
respec': Pronunciation spelling of respect.
iggying: present participle and gerund of iggy
retrigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrig
mellify: To embalm in honey.
mellify: To make honey.
gravens: third-person singular simple present indicative of graven
elimate: To render smooth; to polish.
thinked: simple past and past participle of think
see out: To accompany a guest to the door when he or she leaves (also used figuratively).
see out: To continue something until completion; to watch an activity develop to a conclusion.
lifelog: To capture and record images of one's entire life.
sick up: To vomit.
inrages: third-person singular simple present indicative of inrage
inraged: simple past and past participle of inrage
shoogle: To shake or rock rapidly.
tape up: to repair using tape.
step in: To act as a replacement or substitute.
step in: To get involved; to act
tank up: To fill up (for example, a tank in a vehicle with gas, petrol, etc.).
tank up: To intoxicate oneself, especially with alcohol.
tank up: To install a tank.
win out: To be victorious. Usually of emotions and human qualities.
freshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fresh
tobrest: Alternative form of toburst
toburst: To burst or break in pieces.
toburst: To burst apart; break in pieces.
tofrush: To break or dash to pieces.
togrind: To grind or break to pieces; crush.
todrive: To scatter.
topinch: To pinch severely.
toquake: To quake or tremble exceedingly.
toquash: To beat or crush to pieces.
toreave: To take away or remove completely.
toshend: To ruin completely; destroy.
toshake: To shake violently; shake to pieces.
toshear: To cut in two.
prebook: To book in advance.
unlevel: To make no longer level; to apply a bias to.
had sex: simple past and past participle of have sex
has sex: third-person singular simple present indicative of have sex
pupping: present participle and gerund of pup
roguing: present participle and gerund of rogue
resyncs: third-person singular simple present indicative of resync
toslive: To cleave or split in pieces.
stevvon: To speak (especially loudly) or shout.
obdures: third-person singular simple present indicative of obdure
tostart: To spring or fly apart; burst.
umbraid: To upbraid.
fanwank: Of fans, to invent explanations to gloss over mistakes in continuity.
decedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of decede
frobbed: simple past and past participle of frob
bagsied: simple past and past participle of bagsy
flatted: simple past and past participle of flat
outbuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbuy
digs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dig up
umbeset: To block, obstruct; act detrimentally toward.
umbeset: To overwhelm; cover completely.
buys up: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy up
regraze: To graze (feed on) again.
provant: To supply with provender or provisions; to provide for.
resaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of resave
attones: third-person singular simple present indicative of attone
fidging: present participle and gerund of fidge
daddled: simple past and past participle of daddle
daddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of daddle
flocken: Obsolete spelling of flock
prefire: Alternative form of pre-fire.
bestars: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestar
rattens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ratten
sparken: To spark or ignite in sparks
steeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of steeve
steeved: simple past and past participle of steeve
behoven: alternative past participle of behove.
juicens: third-person singular simple present indicative of juicen
vidcast: To vodcast.
suds up: To lather; to cover with suds
starven: past participle of starve
mutines: third-person singular simple present indicative of mutine
book up: To reserve or book all of something, for example by purchasing all the tickets.
book up: To have all of its tickets or reservations purchased.
book up: To study opening lines in great detail in order to gain an advantage.
passest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pass
stotter: To stagger; totter; stumble
dancest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dance
danceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dance
toswink: To toil excessively; work or labour hard.
forhale: To overhaul; overtake.
totread: To tread in pieces.
forhele: To conceal; hide.
preroll: To roll something in advance.
preroll: To make or show a preroll.
forgrow: To grow to excess or out of shape; grow unduly.
forgrow: To become grown over; overgrow; become covered with growth (usually one that is excessive or unsightly).
have it: To state or hold as true.
have it: To accept (an excuse, a behavior, etc).
have it: To be the object of ridicule, rebuke, critique, etc.
have it: To possess some desirable quality or ability.
unshuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshut
unloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlove
unhills: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhill
uncocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncock
rein up: To bring a ridden animal to a halt by pulling on the reins.
rein up: To fit reins on (a horse)
rein up: To stop, to cause to come to a halt.
thatcht: simple past and past participle of thatch
skelped: simple past and past participle of skelp
snoweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of snow
unbrick: To reopen something bricked up.
unbrick: To repair a device that was bricked (rendered inoperative).
forthgo: To go forth; proceed.
hailest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hail
arefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of arefy
excides: third-person singular simple present indicative of excide
versing: present participle and gerund of verse
illudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of illude
beskirt: To border; lie on the outskirts of.
scarved: simple past and past participle of scarve
beblind: To blind (cause to be blind); make completely blind.
bebleed: To cover or stain with blood; make bloody.
becover: To recover; get back.
becover: To cover over; put a cover over; cover.
becarve: To cut off.
becarve: To cut up; cut open; open up.
becarve: To cut; carve or cut up; cut in pieces; carve.
esteeme: Obsolete spelling of esteem
becharm: To charm; fascinate; hold by a charm or spell.
bedirty: to dirty, soil; make dirty.
fretten: alternative past participle of fret
mudding: present participle and gerund of mud
fankles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fankle
enwheel: Alternative form of inwheel
inwheel: To encircle.
repitch: To apply a new coating of pitch (oil and tar distillate) to.
repitch: To change (a sound) to a different pitch.
repitch: To set up (a tent) again.
repitch: To propose or promote (an idea) again.
castest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cast
castest: second-person singular simple past indicative of cast
survene: To supervene upon; to come as an addition to.
infract: To infringe, violate or disobey (a rule).
infract: To break off.
toss up: To make a decision based on chance, for example by flipping a coin or rolling a dice.
toss up: To throw something upwards.
toss up: To produce, generate.
toss up: To post or upload.
toss up: To cook something quickly.
toss up: To casually mention as an idea.
toss up: To vomit.
toss up: To beat up, thrash.
laugh'd: simple past and past participle of laugh
siccate: To dry.
reguard: Obsolete form of regard.
disject: To break apart; separate
gripeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gripe
bioneer: To pioneer biologically.
bioneer: To engineer biologically.
filmize: To adapt (a work) into a film.
filmize: To reprocess (a video recording) so that it appears to have been shot on film.
rewaxed: simple past and past participle of rewax
rewaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewax
enzones: third-person singular simple present indicative of enzone
enzoned: simple past and past participle of enzone
possest: simple past and past participle of possess
reheals: third-person singular simple present indicative of reheal
repivot: To pivot again or anew.
foining: present participle and gerund of foin
tellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tell
seemest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seem
nooning: present participle and gerund of noon
'ittin': present participle of 'it
'phoned: simple past and past participle of 'phone
enwrite: To write upon something; inscribe; imprint.
youthen: To make younger or more youthful.
youthen: To become younger or more youthful.
yukking: present participle and gerund of yuk
trodded: simple past and past participle of trod
inwrite: Alternative form of enwrite
frousts: third-person singular simple present indicative of froust
deliber: To deliberate.
augusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of august
embrine: To soak in brine.
sell on: to resell.
sell on: To convince.
unrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrate
glam up: To make more glamorous; make oneself more glamorous.
delapse: To pass down by inheritance; to lapse.
delapse: To sink down.
pair up: To put into pairs; to put into a group of two.
pair up: To get into pairs; to join together to make a group of two.
bepearl: To deck with pearls or shiny objects resembling pearls.
declimb: To climb down.
rebluff: To respond to a bluff with another bluff.
preferr: Obsolete spelling of prefer
parcens: third-person singular simple present indicative of parcen
unstars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstar
fordull: To make dull; stupefy.
poppled: simple past and past participle of popple
fizgigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fizgig (to act as a police informer)
outfish: To catch bigger (or more) fish than.
poetize: To make (something) poetic.
poetize: To compose poetry.
bedrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedrop
assrape: Alternative form of ass-rape
unchoke: To clear (something choked) by removing the blockage.
offbear: To carry off from the moulding-table and place on the ground to dry.
offcast: to cast off; shed.
offcast: to remove from the cast of a production.
push on: To persist, persevere.
push on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see push, on.
imbrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbrew
forfare: To go to ruin; be destroyed; perish.
forfare: To destroy; ruin.
praunce: Archaic form of prance.
schvitz: Alternative spelling of shvitz
forewit: To foreknow.
forwelk: To wither; decay; fade.
forwean: To accustom to bad habits; spoil by indulgence; pamper.
forwrap: To wrap up or about; muffle.
forwake: To exhaust or tire out with excessive waking or watching.
forwalk: To walk (someone) excessively; weary with walking.
reeding: present participle and gerund of reed
chassed: Alternative form of chasséd
vurping: present participle and gerund of vurp
besouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of besoul
debeard: To remove the beard from (mussels, clams, seeds, etc.).
benempt: simple past and past participle of bename, Alternative form of benamed
rechose: simple past of rechoose
modells: third-person singular simple present indicative of modell
platten: To flatten and make into sheets or plates.
glassen: To coat or cover (e.g. pottery, etc.) with glaze; make glassy.
benegro: To render dark; blacken.
bemourn: To weep or mourn over.
sociate: To associate.
renests: third-person singular simple present indicative of renest
pieface: In professional wrestling, to push an opponent's face with the hand held flat.
fanging: present participle and gerund of fang
want in: To want to be a part of something.
vamp up: To repair; mend.
vamp up: To remake.
vamp up: To make up; invent.
unitise: Alternative form of unitize
unsnags: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsnag
wise up: To become informed; to inform oneself of something, or come to a realization.
veg out: To relax in a slack attitude, not moving much.
outpiss: To urinate longer, higher, in a greater quantity, etc., than.
outfart: To fart louder or more than.
outburp: To burp louder or better than.
unteach: To cause (someone) to unlearn; to make (someone) forget something they have been taught, or recognize it as erroneous, etc.
unteach: To cause (something previously learned) to be forgotten, or recognized as an error, etc.
hook in: To deceive by luring with a false promise or misleading implication.
hook in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: hook.
twattle: To talk in a digressive or long-winded way.
twattle: To make much of; to pet or coddle.
vacuate: To empty; to clear out.
roar on: To cheer loudly for.
come of: To result from.
slutted: simple past and past participle of slut
gun for: To strive for the downfall or diminution of another.
gun for: To pursue as a goal; to work hard to achieve.
retrude: To thrust back.
insurge: To rise up as an insurgent or in an insurgency.
slot in: To put something into a slot.
slot in: To put something into its desired place
slot in: To schedule something for a particular time.
diddest: Obsolete form of didst.
suckest: second-person singular simple present indicative of suck
jocking: present participle and gerund of jock
reseize: To seize (assets, property, etc.) again.
love up: To demonstrate affection (on somebody).
love up: To demonstrate affection for; treat in a loving way.
love up: To accept; to love wholeheartedly.
love up: To make love to.
inearth: To put into the earth; inter.
clay up: To add clay to (something).
sin-bin: To send (a player) to the sin bin, to temporarily dismiss from the playing field.
beslime: To make dirty with something slimy; befoul
beslime: To insult, to say negative things about.
beslime: To cover or daub with slime; slime.
beshout: To shout at.
besmile: To smile at; give or show a smile to.
beshame: To shame; put to shame.
strunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of strunt
shareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of share
meeking: present participle and gerund of meek
unseven: To render other than seven; to make to be no longer seven.
begiven: past participle of begive
bleacht: simple past and past participle of bleach
stucken: past participle of stick
bewield: To hold in hand; rule; control; manage; handle; wield.
bewhore: To make a whore of; prostitute; treat as a whore.
bewhore: To call or pronounce a whore.
bewreak: To avenge; revenge.
bewreak: To give vent in action to (incensed feelings).
slip in: To include (e.g. a certain word or phrase) into a sentence discreetly
slip in: To enter discreetly
slip in: To play a subtle pass into someone in a goalscoring position.
T-boned: simple past and past participle of T-bone
bewreck: To wreck completely; ruin; destroy.
T-bones: third-person singular simple present indicative of T-bone
cast up: to wash something onto the shore.
cast up: to compute.
cast up: to bring up as a reproach.
cast up: to construct by digging.
well up: To gradually or steadily flow upwards or outwards so as to begin to fill or overflow something.
well up: To accumulate within one, to the point of overwhelming one.
eviting: present participle and gerund of evite
emunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of emunge
imploys: third-person singular simple present indicative of imploy
refurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of refurl
retimed: simple past and past participle of retime
retimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retime
laicise: Alternative spelling of laicize
deindex: To remove from an index.
whip in: To prevent hunting hounds from straying from the pack by whipping them.
whip in: To keep a party member in line.
whip in: To make a quick pass into the goalmouth.
send on: To introduce (a substitute) into the game.
lace up: To fasten the laces of something.
lace up: To insert (film) into a projector.
spew up: to vomit
tool up: To furnish with equipment.
tool up: To arm oneself with a weapon, especially a gun.
sing up: to sing louder.
sing up: to sing higher, to sing an ascending scale
ride up: to approach or come near to while riding.
ride up: to move up higher on one's body.
move up: To put (something) higher or further.
move up: To promote, put onto a higher level.
move up: To put (something) higher or further.
move up: To raise, put onto a higher place.
move up: To put (something) higher or further.
move up: To put higher on a list.
move up: To reschedule (something) to an earlier date or time.
move up: To move higher.
move up: To be promoted.
move up: To move higher.
move up: To pass to a higher level.
move up: To move one's position to allow others to occupy a place.
move up: To move forward (especially when waiting in a queue / line).
unsteps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstep
unpurse: To bring (one's lips) back from a pursed expression.
womaned: simple past and past participle of woman
heap up: To increase over a period of time; to accumulate.
heap up: To make an untidy pile of (something).
outlick: to perform better than.
outlick: to lick better than.
lick up: To consume something by first licking it from a surface.
tutoyed: simple past and past participle of tutoy
hoveled: simple past and past participle of hovel
roamin': Pronunciation spelling of roaming.
outhold: To hold out; extend.
outhold: To hold out, endure; resist, withstand; keep out by force, exclude.
outhold: To hold better than someone or something else.
outhold: To hold longer than another player.
FOILing: present participle and gerund of FOIL
outheld: simple past and past participle of outhold
even up: To make even; to make level.
even up: To become even.
even up: To secure a profit to offset a previous loss.
vinewed: past participle of vinew
nemmine: Pronunciation spelling of never mind.
book it: To take off quickly; to leave in a hurry.
meanin': Pronunciation spelling of meaning.
killin': Alternative spelling of killing
wearin': Pronunciation spelling of wearing.
wrong'd: simple past and past participle of wrong
callest: second-person singular simple present indicative of call
stopp'd: simple past and past participle of stop
forslug: To lose, neglect, or destroy by sluggishness.
forsing: To exhaust (oneself) with singing.
harshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of harsh
forslow: To be dilatory about; put off; postpone; neglect; omit.
forslow: To delay; hinder; impede; obstruct.
forslow: To be slow or dilatory; loiter.
harshed: simple past and past participle of harsh
lumines: third-person singular simple present indicative of lumine
forslip: To let slip; allow someone or something to escape.
chip up: To cause something to have chips, cracks or dents.
revince: To overcome.
revince: To refute, as an error; to disprove.
toraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of torace
made it: simple past and past participle of make it
overeye: To superintend; inspect; observe; witness.
bullers: third-person singular simple present indicative of buller
sarsing: present participle and gerund of sarse
divulse: To pull apart forcibly.
prælude: Obsolete form of prelude.
prætend: Obsolete spelling of pretend
præsage: Obsolete spelling of presage
garnett: To pull apart textile fibre waste material, such as old rags, in preparation for carding
kick it: To casually spend time relaxing; to hang out.
kick it: To perform in an impressive manner, especially musically.
kick it: To kick the bucket; to die.
grossen: To make or become gross (all senses)
asplode: To explode.
refaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of refax
refaxed: simple past and past participle of refax
respelt: simple past and past participle of respell
overget: To get more than expected or due.
overget: To attain, reach; pass, overtake; come up with; get hold of, catch.
overget: To get beyond; get over; recover from.
overhip: To leap over; skip over; omit.
embloom: To deck or enrich with bloom.
cack up: To vomit or hack up.
cack up: To mess up; to get seriously wrong.
cack up: To become plugged up.
præpare: Obsolete spelling of prepare
mee-maw: To make exaggerated movements with the mouth so as to be understood above a loud noise, such as that of machinery.
mee-maw: To make a two-syllable wailing noise.
sure up: Eggcorn of shore up.
stay in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see stay, in.
stay in: To remain at home.
have on: To be wearing.
have on: To have turned on (an electronic device).
have on: To trick or deceive deliberately; to play a prank on.
have on: To have (something) scheduled.
quilled: simple past and past participle of quill
stay on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see stay, on.
stay on: to continue in a place or situation, while others leave.
degener: Alternative form of degender (“to degenerate”)
incages: third-person singular simple present indicative of incage
incaged: simple past and past participle of incage
enecate: To kill off; to destroy.
rassled: simple past and past participle of rassle
rassles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rassle
wrassle: Pronunciation spelling of wrestle, representing Southern US and African-American Vernacular English.
insteep: To steep or soak; drench.
banisht: Obsolete spelling of banished simple past and past participle of banish
reraped: simple past and past participle of rerape
rerapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerape
sews up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sew up
sewn up: past participle of sew up
revulse: To pull back with force.
milketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of milk
milkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of milk
globing: present participle and gerund of globe
tiaraed: simple past and past participle of tiara
rehinge: To fit with new hinges.
upvalue: To assign a higher value to.
writh's: third-person singular simple present indicative of writh
writh'd: simple past and past participle of writh
upcycle: To convert (waste materials, etc.) into new materials or products of higher quality and greater functionality.
upcycle: To promote into a more productive or useful role.
rebegan: simple past of rebegin
rebegin: To begin again.
rebegun: past participle of rebegin
introed: simple past and past participle of intro
unbuild: To dismantle or deconstruct (something previously built).
browzed: simple past and past participle of browze
browzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of browze
bespell: To cast a spell upon; to enchant, bewitch.
clumper: To form into clumps or masses.
can haz: To be able to have.
oranged: simple past and past participle of orange
prefork: To fork (a process) in advance, so that additional similar processes are immediately available if required later.
beknave: To treat as a knave.
beknave: To call (someone) a knave.
beladle: To pour out with a ladle; ladle out.
belight: To light up; illuminate.
belight: To become lit up; shine up; dawn.
behoney: To cover or smear with honey.
behoney: To sweeten with honey, or with honeyed words.
besmoke: To fill with smoke; act on with smoke; fumigate.
besmoke: To befoul with smoke.
besmoke: To harden or dry in smoke.
beslave: To make a slave of; enslave.
beslave: To address as a slave; call (someone) "slave".
beslave: To fill with slaves; pollute with slavery or slavedom.
beshine: To shine around or upon.
beshine: To give light to.
slabber: To let saliva or other liquid fall from the mouth carelessly; drivel; slaver.
slabber: To eat hastily or in a slovenly manner, as liquid food.
slabber: To wet and befoul by liquids falling carelessly from the mouth; slaver; slobber.
slabber: To cover, as with a liquid spill; soil; befoul.
peising: present participle and gerund of peise
besnuff: To befoul with snuff.
bespend: To expend; bestow; employ.
muraled: simple past and past participle of mural
overlit: simple past and past participle of overlight
refloor: To fit with a new floor.
onsight: To perform a climb without having previously seen the terrain.
wanzing: present participle and gerund of wanze
restick: To stick (adhere) again or anew.
restuck: simple past and past participle of restick
meeping: present participle and gerund of meep
sporked: simple past and past participle of spork
unembed: To remove (something embedded) from what it is fixed in.
miscite: To cite erroneously.
upswell: To swell upward.
resworn: past participle of reswear
recalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recalk
recaulk: To caulk again or anew.
reswore: simple past of reswear
reswear: To swear again or anew.
retubed: simple past and past participle of retube
retubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retube
forehew: To hew or cut in front.
unstuff: To remove the stuffing from.
unstuff: To decompress (a compressed archive in the StuffIt format).
unpaint: To remove paint from.
unpaint: To efface.
reflips: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflip
unelect: To vote (somebody previously elected) out of office.
foveate: To angle one's eyes such that the foveae are directed at (an object in one's field of view), the fovea being the portion of the retina responsible for sharp central vision.
upbuilt: simple past and past participle of upbuild
upbuild: To build up (literally).
upbuild: To build up; to develop (figuratively).
hilited: past participle of hilite
hilites: third-person singular simple present indicative of hilite
fracked: simple past and past participle of frack
unwrote: simple past of unwrite
redbait: To attack by denouncing as a Communist.
smitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of smite
smiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of smite
restone: To fit with new stones.
biddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bid
crumped: simple past and past participle of crump
damnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of damn
puttest: second-person singular simple present indicative of put
puttest: second-person singular simple past indicative of put
snooked: simple past and past participle of snook
brogued: simple past and past participle of brogue
gloppen: To be in fear; gaze in alarm or astonishment; look downcast
gloppen: To terrify; astonish; surprise.
unfocus: To bring out of focus.
unfocus: To move the input focus away from.
inbland: To mingle; blend.
inbreak: To break in; break into; make an incursion into; insert into; interrupt.
go poof: to disappear
imbreed: Alternative form of inbreed
unshape: To deprive of shape; throw out of form or into disorder.
unshape: To confound; derange.
souther: To move toward the south.
souther: To fix; remedy; put to rights.
unright: To make wrong.
uprouse: To rouse up; rouse from sleep; awake; arouse.
unpiece: To disassemble piece by piece.
depetal: To strip of petals.
unswirl: To resolve or restraighten (something previously swirled).
authing: present participle and gerund of auth
outpass: To surpass or exceed.
outpass: To pass the ball more skilfully than.
fanfold: To fold in this manner.
upleaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of upleap
resawed: simple past of resaw
deloped: simple past and past participle of delope
imbring: Alternative form of inbring
inbring: To bring in; introduce; present; usher in; adduce; induce; cause to come in.
inbring: To bring in by legal authority; produce in court; confiscate (the goods of a condemned criminal).
unhouse: To displace one from one's housing or shelter.
unhouse: To take a house away from.
playest: second-person singular simple present indicative of play
claying: present participle and gerund of clay
chum up: To be friendly toward (with or to) someone, especially in an ingratiating way; to form a friendship (with).
chum up: To initiate (a new prisoner) through a ritual involving beating him with sticks and swords, accompanied by music, to extort money from him.
rebribe: To bribe again.
konking: present participle and gerund of konk
joinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of join
venomed: simple past and past participle of venom
fly off: To flee rapidly; to run away.
let fly: To strike or release a projectile with great force.
let fly: To unleash an angry outburst.
præside: Archaic spelling of preside.
embogue: To disembogue; to discharge, as a river, its waters into the sea or another river.
uphoist: To hoist up.
draw in: To attract.
draw in: To get (someone) involved.
draw in: To approach.
draw in: To become dark earlier as a result of seasonal change.
draw in: To reduce or contract; to become shorter.
cophins: third-person singular simple present indicative of cophin
slumbre: Obsolete spelling of slumber
relucts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reluct
heal up: To heal.
heal up: To heal one's character.
rmgroup: To remove a newsgroup (or attempt to do so) by means of such a message.
unsells: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsell
crunkle: To crumple.
sludged: simple past and past participle of sludge
lodgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lodge
recocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recock
bank up: To press a mound of something against something else.
bank up: To make a mound to guard against something.
instrew: To strew about; scatter in or upon; spread.
kreeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of kreese
remound: simple past and past participle of remind
remound: Restore the mound or mounds of (especially, a grave or graves).
remound: Reform into a mound.
remound: Bolster with a restored mound.
deblurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deblur
debloat: To reduce from a bloated state.
outnice: To surpass in apparently nice behaviour; to make oneself seem nicer than.
enstrew: Obsolete form of instrew.
overdye: To dye (something already coloured) with another colour.
requote: To quote again or anew.
uncrook: To bring back from a crooked position.
regrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrip
rejails: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejail
recarve: To carve again or into a new form.
gzipped: simple past and past participle of gzip
see fit: to deem appropriate
plummed: simple past and past participle of plum
outyell: To yell more loudly than.
indelve: To bury.
indelve: To dig or delve into.
indelve: To engrave.
tearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tear
misvote: To vote incorrectly.
siloing: present participle and gerund of silo
repping: present participle and gerund of rep
regraft: To graft again or anew.
razored: simple past and past participle of razor
miscure: To cure incorrectly.
skeeved: simple past and past participle of skeeve
recraft: To craft again or anew.
overdot: To place a dot over.
zipline: To travel by zipline.
made do: simple past and past participle of make do
wanding: present participle and gerund of wand
klining: present participle and gerund of kline
fritzed: simple past and past participle of fritz
breedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of breede
æsteems: third-person singular simple present indicative of æsteem
rebonds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebond
retally: To tally again; to recount.
failest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fail
subsign: To sign beneath; to append a signature to.
resands: third-person singular simple present indicative of resand
moulage: To apply mock injuries for the purpose of training medical or military personnel.
præpose: Obsolete spelling of prepose
bewrite: To write about; describe.
bewrite: To write to.
bewrite: To write; write from; copy.
bewrote: simple past of bewrite
by-peep: To look or glance aside.
rehoned: simple past and past participle of rehone
rehones: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehone
precool: To cool in advance.
quidded: simple past and past participle of quid
prædict: Obsolete spelling of predict
yarding: present participle and gerund of yard
paggled: simple past and past participle of paggle
prefixt: simple past and past participle of prefix
miscrop: To plant the wrong crops, so as to harm the usefulness of the land.
slip by: To pass without being noticed or intercepted.
dislimb: To remove a limb from, to dismember, to pull off arms or legs.
unrared: simple past and past participle of unrar
obeyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of obey
ythrowe: past participle of throw
yground: past participle of grind
ybroken: past participle of break
ysought: past participle of seek
ywalked: past participle of walk.
yburied: past participle of bury
ywriten: past participle of write
ydronke: past participle of drink
ymarked: past participle of mark.
yslaked: past participle of slake
ycaught: past participle of catch
yclosed: past participle of close
yplaced: past participle of place
reopped: simple past and past participle of reop
revoice: To voice again.
revoice: To restore the voice flag to a user on IRC, allowing them to send messages to the channel again.
revoice: To replace the voice of an actor with that of another speaking a translation; to dub.
zinking: present participle and gerund of zinc
zincked: simple past and past participle of zinc
zincify: To coat or impregnate with zinc.
uplevel: To raise the level of.
mulesed: simple past and past participle of mules
muleses: third-person singular simple present indicative of mules
elegise: Alternative spelling of elegize
cost up: to calculate the costs of something.
urge on: to encourage; motivate; to offer encouragement to.
dusking: present participle and gerund of dusk
dunting: present participle and gerund of dunt
gazinta: Pronunciation spelling of goes into.
noosing: present participle and gerund of noose
pile on: To jump on top of someone or something quickly.
pile on: To criticize someone or something in a concerted effort.
pile on: To unnecessarily extend the margin of a winning score.
pile on: To add or apply in great quantities.
yturned: past participle of turn
yodling: present participle and gerund of yodle
quæries: third-person singular simple present indicative of quæry
pastour: Obsolete spelling of pastor
liquour: Obsolete spelling of liquor
anchour: Archaic form of anchor.
censour: Obsolete spelling of censor
outvied: simple past and past participle of outvie
tremour: Obsolete spelling of tremor
outvies: third-person singular simple present indicative of outvie
unbelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbelt
undraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of undraw
unbless: To deprive of blessings; to make wretched.
unbless: To convert (a previously blessed object) back to a simple reference.
unjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjoin
unkinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unkink
upgiven: past participle of upgive
upgives: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgive
untucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untuck
chasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chase
bastile: Obsolete spelling of bastille
up-plow: To plow up; tear up as by plowing.
bestood: simple past and past participle of bestand
upstare: To stare or stand erect or on end; be erect or conspicuous; bristle.
bestain: To mark with stains; discolour; spot.
bestill: To make quiet or still; calm; pacify.
upsolve: To solve; explain.
upsolve: To solve a problem after the end of a contest.
upstand: To stand up; arise; be erect; rise.
rooping: present participle and gerund of roop
hoicked: simple past and past participle of hoick
misbeat: To beat out of rhythm; beat incorrectly.
reel up: To put onto a reel; to completely reel.
rollin': Pronunciation spelling of rolling. present participle of roll
room in: Of a mother and her new baby; to stay together in the same room.
rope in: To cause (someone) to become involved in something they are reluctant to do; to draw into something.
roll in: To arrive casually at a place.
roll in: To come in an unstoppable flow.
roll in: To pot with minimal force.
roll in: To come in (to a station, yard). (e.g. of a train)
roll on: To pass; to go on; to elapse.
roll on: To continue to move forwards.
roll on: To snitch or tattle (on a person or group), to reveal a secret under pressure, usually regarding criminal matters.
rat out: To inform authorities (about someone); to tell on (somebody).
squinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of squink
searcht: simple past and past participle of search
sag off: To skive; to fail to attend school when required to do so.
sag off: To back off from an opponent against whom one is defending.
sag off: To move too far leeward when sailing on the wind.
sag off: To fall in share price.
sag off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see sag, off.
preacht: simple past and past participle of preach
DMCAing: present participle and gerund of DMCA
lurkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lurk
quatted: simple past and past participle of quat
outburn: To burn away; be consumed by fire.
outburn: To exceed in burning; burn longer than.
outbear: To bear out; support.
yanging: present participle and gerund of yang
yandied: simple past and past participle of yandy
yotting: present participle and gerund of yot
yandies: third-person singular simple present indicative of yandy
smailed: simple past and past participle of smail
dildoed: simple past and past participle of dildo
healest: second-person singular simple present indicative of heal
outsend: To send out or forth; issue; emit; transmit; broadcast.
kerbing: present participle and gerund of kerb
wipe up: To dry utensils, dishes etc. that have been washed.
wipe up: To completely remove spilled liquid or solids, typically by hand using a dishcloth.
wipe up: To clean thoroughly, particularly with a dishcloth or rag.
wipe up: To defeat (an opponent) thoroughly; trounce.
kyanise: Alternative form of kyanize
umbelap: To enshroud, to envelop; to surround.
misdoom: To misjudge.
labrish: To gossip or talk excessively.
bedoubt: To dread; respect; renown.
trammed: simple past and past participle of tram
unlikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlike
reentre: Obsolete form of reenter.
enduers: third-person singular simple present indicative of enduer
secuers: third-person singular simple present indicative of secuer
wife up: (of a man) to marry a woman (generally an existing girlfriend); to make a woman one’s wife
wife up: (of a man) to spend extensive or excessive time with one’s wife or girlfriend; to be under a woman’s thumb; to be whipped
forleet: Alternative form of forlet
forleet: simple past of forlat
larping: present participle and gerund of larp — live action role-playing
bolixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bolix
outtalk: To overpower, outdo, or surpass in talking.
outtalk: To outwit by talking.
outstep: To step or go beyond; exceed; overstep.
lackest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lack
stealed: simple past and past participle of steal
outseek: To seek out; actively or diligently search for; investigate; research.
outskip: To avoid by flight or fleeing; escape.
outskip: To surpass in skipping; surpass in skipping stones.
outspin: To spin out; finish; exhaust.
outspin: To exceed in spinning; exceed in spinning thread.
outshow: To show or present publicly; exhibit openly.
outshow: To surpass or exceed in showing; exceed in being shown, especially in contest, competition, or rivalry.
æquated: simple past and past participle of æquate
outskin: To surpass in skinning.
outsang: simple past of outsing
outsung: past participle of outsing
miskeep: To keep ill or wrongly.
sextate: Reduce by one sixth.
sextate: Reduce to one sixth.
cricked: simple past and past participle of crick
foreken: To perceive, ken, or realise ahead of time; foreknow; preconceive.
dip out: To leave a place without telling anyone.
mamaguy: To dupe or deceive, especially by means of flattery.
yedding: present participle and gerund of yed
edge up: To approach or move toward a target little by little, or furtively.
die off: To suffer a series of deaths; to die one by one; to progressively become extinct. (If a group of plants, animals, or people dies off, the entire group dies over a period of time.)
die off: To become defunct or nonexistent.
die off: Of music, noise, etc., to reduce in volume until no longer audible.
smutted: simple past and past participle of smut
forlive: To live pervertedly.
forlive: To outlive one's strength; become decrepit; degenerate in race or nature; become wretched.
replows: third-person singular simple present indicative of replow
befight: To deprive of by fighting.
befight: To fight against; contend; do battle with.
beflake: To take off an external layer; skin in thin flakes.
beflake: To deck or cover with or as with flakes.
skenned: simple past and past participle of sken
rechill: To chill again.
paw off: To masturbate.
foreset: To set before or in front of; bar; block; impede.
foreset: To ordain; assign; allot in advance.
foreset: To propose, suggest.
rebulbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebulb
misfall: To befall badly or incorrectly; happen unfortunately (to); mishappen; turn out badly.
miscome: To come wrongly or amiss; come at the wrong time; be inappropriate.
mistold: simple past and past participle of mistell
feeleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of feel
feelest: second-person singular simple present indicative of feel
reborne: past participle of rebear
rebrick: To fit with new bricks.
copsing: present participle and gerund of copse
betells: third-person singular simple present indicative of betell
jooking: present participle and gerund of jook
delofts: third-person singular simple present indicative of deloft
outsave: To save more money than.
snibbed: simple past and past participle of snib
shrined: simple past and past participle of shrine
untruss: To free from a truss; to untie or unfasten
fankled: simple past and past participle of fankle
slicken: To make slick.
redrill: To drill again or anew.
flitten: past participle of flite.
pintuck: To make a very narrow tuck.
reflash: To flash again; to overwrite the memory of an updatable component such as a BIOS chip.
reflash: To burst back into flame after being extinguished and then receiving a large amount of oxygen.
fortake: To take away; remove; deprive.
fortake: To mistake; make a mistake.
fortake: To aim or deal a blow at; hit.
offhold: To retain.
offhold: To hold off; prevent; refrain; avoid; shun.
premate: To mate prior to some other operation
othered: simple past and past participle of other
fressed: simple past and past participle of fress
fresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of fress
scruzed: simple past and past participle of scruze
snaggle: To become tangled, knotted or intertwined.
hainted: simple past and past participle of haint
retheme: To redesign with a new theme.
suppled: simple past and past participle of supple
sotting: present participle and gerund of sot
cursest: second-person singular simple present indicative of curse
releads: third-person singular simple present indicative of relead
glucked: simple past and past participle of gluck
hew out: carve out, or cut out a form, or to make something hollow by using heavy cutting tools such as an axe.
curlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of curl
curleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of curl
defrizz: To remove the frizz from (hair).
arizing: present participle and gerund of arize
proport: Misspelling of purport.
beheart: To enamour; ravish.
byheart: To recite from memory.
byheart: To commit to memory; memorise.
emmewed: simple past and past participle of emmew
ligging: present participle and gerund of lig
regrate: to grate again
regrate: To purchase goods from a market in order to resell them at the same (or nearby) market at an inflated price.
regrate: To remove the outer surface of, as of an old hewn stone, so as to give it a fresh appearance.
regrate: To offend; to shock.
reccied: simple past and past participle of reccy
epoxyed: simple past and past participle of epoxy
prevued: simple past and past participle of prevue
rowling: present participle and gerund of roll
maffled: simple past and past participle of maffle
rebroke: simple past of rebreak
rebreak: To break again.
beghast: To fill with shock, awe, wonder, or amazement; inspire; enthuse.
be born: To come into existence through birth.
unmasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmast
backtag: To fit (an animal) with a tag of this kind.
rimpled: simple past and past participle of rimple
phucked: simple past and past participle of phuck
volumed: simple past and past participle of volume
vomming: present participle and gerund of vom
reroast: To roast again.
unreins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrein
beguilt: To make guilty; cause to sin.
beguilt: To impute with guilt or fault; blame; accuse.
beguilt: Alternative form of begilt
unguilt: To remove the sin or guilt from; pardon; excuse.
overtry: To spend too much time or resources in trying (a legal case).
resaved: simple past and past participle of resave
wissing: present participle and gerund of wiss
despawn: To be instantaneously destroyed or removed.
countre: Obsolete form of counter.
unshell: To strip the shell from; to take out of the shell; to hatch.
uncases: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncase
unsewed: simple past of unsew
unspell: To break the power of (a spell); to release (a person) from the influence of a spell; to disenchant.
besharp: To make haste; hurry.
beshake: To shake roughly or violently.
overcut: To cut excessively.
beshade: To shadow; cast a shadow over.
helpest: second-person singular simple present indicative of help
bedrite: To befoul with ordure; bedirt.
downarg: To gainsay or contradict in an overbearing, domineering manner; browbeat; assert violently.
C-spine: To immobilize a person's neck and head.
enclude: Obsolete form of include.
misfuel: To fill a vehicle with the wrong type of fuel (usually petrol for diesel)
pit out: To leave the pits and go out onto the race track
pit out: To stop working
pit out: To show sweat on one's clothes, especially around the armpits.
pit out: To make sweaty (of clothes).
poetise: To write as a poet; to put into a poem
plug up: To put a plug or bung into something; to interrupt the flow of.
plug up: To reinforce something weak.
begayed: simple past and past participle of begay
nut out: To find a solution (for something), especially in a group discussion; also, to work out the finer details (of something).
nut out: To become crazy, especially with rage.
impowre: Obsolete form of empower.
bleezed: simple past and past participle of bleeze
recoyle: To retreat.
bleezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleeze
jogtrot: To move with a slow, regular, jolting gait.
rendred: simple past and past participle of rendre
rendres: third-person singular simple present indicative of rendre
untells: third-person singular simple present indicative of untell
unbungs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbung
unrivet: To remove or loosen the rivets of.
unvotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvote
unwarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwarm
unworks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwork
rouzing: present participle and gerund of rouze
monking: present participle and gerund of monk
scamble: To move awkwardly; to be shuffling, irregular, or unsteady; to sprawl; to shamble.
scamble: To move about pushing and jostling; to be rude and turbulent; to scramble; struggle for place or possession.
scamble: To mangle.
scamble: To squander.
pull on: To put on (clothes) by tugging.
prey on: To eat (as prey).
prey on: To exploit or victimize.
prey on: To weigh heavily upon (a person's mind).
misturn: To turn wrongly or incorrectly; turn aside wrongly; pervert.
misturn: To go wrong; make a wrong turn.
cash up: to count the money taken by a business at the end of the day.
cash up: to earn money
haw-haw: Alternative form of ha-ha (“to laugh”)
lie off: To remain at a safe distance from (another vessel or hazard)
deburse: Obsolete form of disburse.
lead on: to mislead, to try to make someone believe a lie.
lead on: to encourage with the illusion of a romantic relationship.
lead on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lead, on.
chew on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see chew, on.
chew on: To consider, to ponder.
clog up: to completely physically block
recovre: Obsolete form of recover.
figging: present participle and gerund of fig
adjects: third-person singular simple present indicative of adject
altring: present participle and gerund of altre
toke up: To smoke cannabis
tied up: simple past and past participle of tie up
agreeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of agree
agreest: second-person singular simple present indicative of agree
winnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of win
frapped: simple past and past participle of frap
scanted: simple past and past participle of scant
buff up: To improve.
buff up: To shine; to make shiny.
buff up: To become more muscular.
buff up: To study hard to learn a particular subject.
boil up: To cook or prepare by boiling.
boil up: To become more excited, intense or exciting.
book in: To check in (to a hotel).
book in: To reserve an appointment for.
enmired: simple past and past participle of enmire
trowing: present participle and gerund of trow
uptrain: To train up; educate.
bethumb: To take hold of or mark with the thumbs; soil or mark with frequent thumbing.
bethump: To thump soundly.
bethrow: To throw or twist about; throw off; torture.
adlects: third-person singular simple present indicative of adlect
bethank: To bestow thanks upon; to thank.
retherm: To rethermalize.
wimpled: simple past and past participle of wimple
betread: To tread over or walk upon.
unhelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhelm
cartops: third-person singular simple present indicative of cartop
unheads: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhead
unhasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhasp
unnails: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnail
enspect: Obsolete form of inspect.
entreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of entre
offreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of offre
vandyke: To fit or furnish with a vandyke; to form with points or scallops like a vandyke.
unkings: third-person singular simple present indicative of unking
entrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of entre
offrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of offre
untiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of untile
cancell: Obsolete spelling of cancel
untread: To retread (one's steps) in the opposite direction; to walk back.
upborne: past participle of upbear
upboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of upboil
offring: present participle and gerund of offre
kembing: present participle and gerund of kemb
unreeve: To withdraw or take out, as for example a rope from a block.
uptilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptilt
uprears: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprear
bedhops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedhop
empowre: Obsolete form of empower.
slandre: Obsolete spelling of slander
pestred: simple past and past participle of pestre
pestres: third-person singular simple present indicative of pestre
empeach: Obsolete form of impeach.
betrust: To trust; place confidence in (a person).
betrust: To entrust.
enhabit: Obsolete form of inhabit.
lurving: present participle and gerund of lurve
lusteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lust
bequote: To quote frequently or much.
lustest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lust
queazen: To make queasy; sicken.
laughen: obsolete past participle of laugh.
querken: To querk.
querken: To grunt; moan.
centr'd: simple past and past participle of centre
bewreke: To wreak, avenge, revenge.
coindex: To index together; to mark (words in a phrase) as referring to the same thing.
untunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of untune
unsuits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsuit
filtred: simple past and past participle of filtre
prospre: Obsolete form of prosper.
profred: simple past and past participle of profre
asham'd: simple past and past participle of ashame
crown'd: simple past and past participle of crown
enstall: Obsolete form of install.
beweigh: To determine the weight of; weigh; consider.
joyning: present participle and gerund of joyn
joyning: present participle and gerund of joyne
mimicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mimick
betwine: To twine together; entwine.
clear'd: simple past and past participle of clear
unbolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbold
cussin': Pronunciation spelling of cussing.
cursin': Pronunciation spelling of cursing.
bustin': Pronunciation spelling of busting.
fishin': Pronunciation spelling of fishing.
commeth: Alternative form of cometh
findin': Pronunciation spelling of finding.
shinin': Pronunciation spelling of shining.
desir'd: simple past and past participle of desire
washin': Pronunciation spelling of washing.
prayin': Pronunciation spelling of praying.
oblig'd: simple past and past participle of oblige
weigh'd: simple past and past participle of weigh
outfell: simple past of outfall
dealin': Pronunciation spelling of dealing.
chasin': Pronunciation spelling of chasing.
outgush: To gush or flow outward.
tendred: simple past and past participle of tendre
proffre: Obsolete form of proffer.
outwell: To well outward; to issue forth.
deckest: second-person singular simple present indicative of deck
calmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of calm
annex'd: simple past and past participle of annex
annex'd: simple past and past participle of annexe
relax'd: simple past and past participle of relax
inchant: Obsolete form of enchant.
inamour: Archaic form of enamor.
leerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of leer
boodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of boody
whemmle: Alternative spelling of whemmel
whemmel: To engulf, to submerge.
whemmel: To throw (something) over a thing so as to cover it.
whemmel: To turn (something) upside down, to invert; to capsize, to overturn; (specifically) to drink a glass (of an alcoholic beverage) completely.
whemmel: To confound, to disrupt.
whemmel: To capsize; to walk clumsily; to fall over.
efflate: To fill with breath; to puff up.
whetten: To whet.
elocute: To speak, declaim, etc., in an elocutionary manner.
elocute: To state, assert or admit.
windest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wind
tastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of taste
collaud: To join in praising.
discure: To discover; to reveal.
misterm: To call by a wrong name; to miscall.
lepered: simple past and past participle of leper
imbargo: Archaic form of embargo.
upwafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwaft
imbases: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbase
imbased: simple past and past participle of imbase
imbands: third-person singular simple present indicative of imband
subs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of sub in
upshoot: To shoot upward.
hayrake: To collect hay with a rake of this kind.
upwhirl: To rise upward in a whirl.
upwhirl: To raise upward with a whirling motion.
upsoars: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsoar
remasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of remast
Judaize: To impose Jewish observances or rites upon; to convert to Judaism.
imboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbox
imboxed: simple past and past participle of imbox
upskips: third-person singular simple present indicative of upskip
misyoke: To join or yoke improperly.
enhedge: To surround as if with a hedge.
rechase: To chase again; to chase or drive back.
discage: To free from a cage.
inslave: Archaic form of enslave.
gypping: present participle and gerund of gyp
beleive: Misspelling of believe.
enround: To surround.
outbray: To exceed in braying.
outbray: To exhale; outbreathe.
outbray: To emit with great noise; bray out.
outbray: To take out (e.g. a sword).
outsoar: To soar beyond or above.
jargles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jargle
nointed: simple past and past participle of noint
jargled: simple past and past participle of jargle
kirtled: simple past and past participle of kirtle
outsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsit
endower: To endow.
bangest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bang
enlinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlink
outwins: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwin
outgaze: To gaze beyond; to exceed in sharpness or persistence of seeing or of looking.
outgaze: To stare out of countenance.
outfeat: To surpass in feats.
sub out: To remove from something or to have one's place taken, especially in sports.
ambusht: simple past and past participle of ambush
glanc'd: simple past and past participle of glance
immesht: simple past and past participle of immesh
perisht: simple past and past participle of perish
minisht: simple past and past participle of minish
vanisht: simple past and past participle of vanish
famisht: simple past and past participle of famish
splasht: simple past and past participle of splash
relisht: simple past and past participle of relish
ravisht: simple past and past participle of ravish
polisht: simple past and past participle of polish
avoucht: simple past and past participle of avouch
lavisht: simple past and past participle of lavish
attacht: simple past and past participle of attach
stomack: Archaic form of stomach.
dolling: present participle and gerund of doll
unstopt: simple past and past participle of unstop
annoy'd: simple past and past participle of annoy
gallopt: simple past and past participle of gallop
quencht: simple past and past participle of quench
punisht: simple past and past participle of punish
seatin': Pronunciation spelling of seating.
splooge: to ejaculate
splooge: to spill or splat
snotter: To snivel; to cry or whine.
snotter: To smack; to hit
strecht: simple past and past participle of stretch
unguard: To deprive of a guard
unguard: to leave unprotected.
upswarm: To rise in a swarm.
upswarm: To cause to rise in a swarm.
encloud: To envelop in clouds.
delated: simple past and past participle of delate
dismist: simple past and past participle of dismiss
attackt: simple past and past participle of attack
distune: To put (something) out of tune.
distune: To cause (something) not to be in harmony or to be poorly adjusted.
unmewed: simple past and past participle of unmew
engilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of engild
enlight: To illuminate.
unswore: simple past of unswear
unswear: To recall a previously sworn oath.
decharm: To free from a charm; to disenchant.
sirname: Archaic spelling of surname.
embrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrew
janting: present participle and gerund of jant
relades: third-person singular simple present indicative of relade
reladed: simple past and past participle of relade
outroot: To eradicate; to extirpate.
nounize: To change (an adjective, verb, etc.) into a noun.
outbuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbud
go hang: To be cursed; to be unworthy of notice or bother.
decrown: To deprive of a crown; to discrown.
decrown: To decoronate (a tooth).
decrown: To remove the crown of a pineapple, strawberry, etc.
decrown: To deprive of supremacy or exaltedness.
unplume: To strip of plumes or feathers.
unplume: To humiliate.
undecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of undeck
disorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of disorb
unhoard: To take or steal from a hoard; to pilfer.
switcht: simple past and past participle of switch
flincht: simple past and past participle of flinch
twitcht: simple past and past participle of twitch
unsaint: To deprive of sainthood.
guessèd: simple past and past participle of guess
unprops: third-person singular simple present indicative of unprop
enforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of enform
snatcht: simple past and past participle of snatch
remarkt: simple past and past participle of remark
unmaskt: simple past and past participle of unmask
thrasht: simple past and past participle of thrash
undrest: simple past and past participle of undress
enisled: simple past and past participle of enisle
unpower: To remove the power from; power down or power off
unscale: To remove scales from.
unscale: To undo a scaling transform upon.
retrims: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrim
instamp: Alternative form of enstamp
ungears: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungear
uncamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncamp
unpleat: To remove the plaits of; to smooth.
prewarn: To warn beforehand; to forewarn.
jouking: present participle and gerund of jouk
unboyed: simple past and past participle of unboy
repaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of repace
repaced: simple past and past participle of repace
intrunk: To enclose as if in a trunk.
jouling: present participle and gerund of joul
launcht: simple past and past participle of launch
wrigged: simple past and past participle of wrig
forlain: past participle of forlie
disgest: Obsolete form of digest.
unglove: To remove a glove or gloves (from).
sniving: present participle and gerund of snive
offlead: To lead off or away.
empairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of empair
unhoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhoop
embeams: third-person singular simple present indicative of embeam
reurged: simple past and past participle of reurge
reurges: third-person singular simple present indicative of reurge
uncowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncowl
enstamp: To stamp or mark; to impress deeply.
vergeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of verge
vanning: present participle and gerund of van
belaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of belace
belaced: simple past and past participle of belace
sithing: present participle and gerund of sithe
ghessed: simple past and past participle of ghess
overdry: To dry too much.
undusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of undust
effumed: simple past and past participle of effume
unforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unform
uncarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncart
unstock: To remove the stock (supply of goods) from; to empty of goods.
unstock: To remove the stock (block or support) from; to release from that which fixes in place.
unstock: To remove (a ship etc.) from the stocks.
effumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of effume
unspins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspin
enguard: To surround as with a guard.
ghesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ghess
probest: second-person singular simple present indicative of probe
postest: second-person singular simple present indicative of post
robbest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rob
indewed: simple past and past participle of indew
impeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of impeed
imbraid: Obsolete form of embraid.
enniche: To place in a niche.
crawked: simple past and past participle of crawk
stitcht: simple past and past participle of stitch
broacht: simple past and past participle of broach
clutcht: simple past and past participle of clutch
brancht: simple past and past participle of branch
clencht: simple past and past participle of clench
detacht: simple past and past participle of detach
bumfuck: To fuck anally.
replead: To present a rewritten argument.
undrape: To strip of drapery or clothing; to uncover or unveil.
unwater: To remove water from.
robbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rob
untwirl: To untwist; to undo.
vaunced: simple past and past participle of vaunce
untombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of untomb
vaunces: third-person singular simple present indicative of vaunce
dishelm: To deprive of a helmet.
retexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retex
broided: simple past and past participle of broid
uncharm: To release from a charm, fascination, or secret power; to disenchant.
unlines: third-person singular simple present indicative of unline
unhives: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhive
unhived: simple past and past participle of unhive
unprays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpray
unflesh: To strip of flesh; to reduce to a skeleton.
ettling: present participle and gerund of ettle
inwinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwind
entwite: To twit; blame; chide.
intwist: Alternative form of entwist
ungowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungown
bemoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemoil
inglobe: To fix within, as in a globe.
mottoed: simple past and past participle of motto
unshale: To strip the shale ("shell") or husk from; to uncover.
unwarps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwarp
unglaze: To strip (a window, etc.) of glass.
tabuing: present participle and gerund of tabu
unbanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbank
outweed: To weed out.
unframe: To take apart or destroy; to unmake.
unframe: To remove from a frame
unframe: To make HTML code that appears within a frameset accessible to browsers that do not support framesets.
unframe: To show the innocence of one who has been framed.
unframe: To free one's viewpoint of its ideological or cultural frame of reference.
unbarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbark
ywroken: past participle of wreak
outbegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbeg
kivered: simple past and past participle of kiver
nurstle: To nurse.
uncords: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncord
fuffing: present participle and gerund of fuff
unlutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlute
remerge: To merge again.
unluted: simple past and past participle of unlute
unedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unedge
recarry: To carry back.
unedged: simple past and past participle of unedge
emplore: Obsolete spelling of implore
emplore: Misspelling of implore.
befrill: To furnish or decorate with a frill.
imblaze: Archaic form of emblaze.
disyoke: To free (someone or something) from a yoke; to disjoin, to unyoke.
lordest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lord
lordeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lord
enlards: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlard
inknots: third-person singular simple present indicative of inknot
expurge: To purge away.
dislink: To unlink; to disunite or separate.
smicker: To look amorously or wantonly.
smicker: To look or smile seductively or amorously.
smicker: To laugh or smile in a sniggering or leering way; smirk.
faddled: simple past and past participle of faddle
oversum: To add up incorrectly, arriving at a total that is too large.
faddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of faddle
betrims: third-person singular simple present indicative of betrim
emprove: Obsolete form of improve.
unliken: To make unlike; to dissimilate.
bescorn: To treat with scorn.
ungirds: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungird
loaming: present participle and gerund of loam
uncoach: To detach from a coach (vehicle).
uncoach: To unteach
outslid: simple past and past participle of outslide
unbeast: To deliver from the form or nature of a beast.
enwoman: To endow with the qualities of a woman; to make womanly
matur'd: simple past and past participle of mature
weiving: present participle and gerund of weive
unspike: To remove a spike from.
outbowl: To beat at bowling.
godroon: To ornament in this style.
keyseat: To form a keyseat, as by cutting.
vernish: Obsolete form of varnish.
basined: simple past and past participle of basin
overwax: To apply too much wax to.
overwax: To wax or grow too rapidly or too much.
decards: third-person singular simple present indicative of decard
bedrugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedrug
elonged: simple past and past participle of elong
unsouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsoul
meeding: present participle and gerund of meed
delined: simple past and past participle of deline
delines: third-person singular simple present indicative of deline
unpoped: simple past and past participle of unpope
unpopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpope
detusks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detusk
evanish: To vanish.
reloved: simple past and past participle of relove
bar out: To shut a teacher out of the classroom as a prank.
reloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of relove
besaint: To make a saint of.
glaunce: Obsolete spelling of glance
ingross: Prior to the abolition of inrollment in 1849, to engross a Parliamentary bill prior to royal assent by preparing it on a roll, incorporating any amendments.
ingross: Archaic form of engross.
reerect: To erect again.
reprune: To prune again or anew.
discamp: To drive away from a camp.
relodge: To lodge again, or in a different place.
weyving: present participle and gerund of weyve
leaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lean
bestuck: simple past and past participle of bestick
envokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of envoke
swyping: present participle and gerund of swype
pacquet: Obsolete form of packet.
hambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hamble
hambled: simple past and past participle of hamble
wrawled: simple past and past participle of wrawl
shepard: Misspelling of shepherd.
impower: Archaic form of empower.
masqued: simple past and past participle of masque
relands: third-person singular simple present indicative of reland
unbones: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbone
unboned: simple past and past participle of unbone
unwills: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwill
resplit: To split again.
knabbed: simple past and past participle of knab
outfawn: To exceed in fawning.
travell: Archaic form of travel.
disking: present participle and gerund of disk
whinner: To whinny.
iridize: To point or tip with iridium.
iridize: To make iridescent.
ungrave: To raise or remove from the grave.
pshawed: simple past and past participle of pshaw
jesteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of jest
jestest: second-person singular simple present indicative of jest
gaddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gad
gaddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gad
earneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of earn
loadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of load
vamoses: third-person singular simple present indicative of vamose
vamosed: simple past and past participle of vamose
giddied: simple past and past participle of giddy
keckled: simple past and past participle of keckle
keckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of keckle
giddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of giddy
ungives: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungive
outzany: To exceed in buffoonery.
immasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of immask
outrung: past participle of outring
unfence: To remove a fence (from)
unfence: To remove restrictions on the use of
outring: To surpass in volume of ringing sound; to ring louder than.
outring: To ring out; to clamour.
outrang: simple past of outring
impearl: To form into pearls, or make pearly.
impearl: To decorate as if with pearls.
rangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rangle
rangled: simple past and past participle of rangle
physick: Obsolete form of physic.
uncloud: To free from clouds or obscurity.
uncloud: To enlighten
appeall: Obsolete form of appeal.
faulter: Archaic spelling of falter.
enmists: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmist
indears: third-person singular simple present indicative of indear
reendow: To endow again.
unbeget: To deprive of existence.
upclock: To increase the clock speed of.
reclock: To modify the clock speed of.
undukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unduke
unduked: simple past and past participle of unduke
undulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of undull
misform: To form badly or wrongly.
dispope: To reject as a pope; to depose from the popedom.
dreined: simple past and past participle of drein
unqueen: To divest of the rank or authority of queen.
unbowel: To deprive of the entrails; to disembowel.
eyndill: To be or become jealous.
reseeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reseek
intombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of intomb
reagree: To agree again; to become reconciled.
rizzars: third-person singular simple present indicative of rizzar
unwitch: To free from a witch or witchcraft.
visards: third-person singular simple present indicative of visard
oversay: To say over again; to repeat.
debrand: To remove a brand from.
signall: Obsolete form of signal.
entryng: Obsolete form of entering.
belikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of belike
beliked: simple past and past participle of belike
beliked: simple past and past participle of belike
bespews: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespew
ennewed: simple past and past participle of ennew
inisled: simple past and past participle of inisle
inisles: third-person singular simple present indicative of inisle
ominate: To presage; to foreshow; to foretoken.
reprize: Obsolete form of reprise.
treddle: Alternative form of treadle
undeify: To degrade from the state of deity; to deprive of the character or qualities of a god.
imbalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbalm
embraid: To braid up, as hair.
embraid: To upbraid.
betitle: To furnish with a title; to entitle.
bespice: To season with spice, or with some spicy drug.
endicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of endict
illured: simple past and past participle of illure
illures: third-person singular simple present indicative of illure
unroost: To remove from the roost.
regreet: To greet again; to return a greeting to.
unheart: To cause to lose heart; to dishearten.
untents: third-person singular simple present indicative of untent
fineers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fineer
spoused: simple past and past participle of spouse
untanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untank
folwing: present participle and gerund of folwe
outmode: To render (something) no longer fashionable.
darkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of darkle
darkled: simple past and past participle of darkle
unfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of unface
enframe: To enclose in, or as if in, a frame.
respoke: simple past of respeak
respoke: To fit (a wheel) with new spokes.
respeak: To speak or utter again.
respeak: To repeat the words of a televised person so that they can be electronically recognised and used to generate subtitles.
respeak: To answer; to echo.
unfiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfile
gropest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grope
wreaken: past participle of wreak
unthank: To recant; unsay, as what has been said by way of acknowledgement.
unthank: To undo or retract one's thankfulness; negate, cancel, or revoke one's thanks.
gropeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grope
emboxed: simple past and past participle of embox
retones: third-person singular simple present indicative of retone
emboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of embox
vocoded: simple past and past participle of vocode
increst: To adorn with a crest.
dehusks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehusk
hoidens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoiden
disbase: To debase or degrade.
embowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of embowl
indowed: simple past and past participle of indow
unlodge: To dislodge.
hatting: present participle and gerund of hat
engrail: To make rough.
engrail: To form an edging or border; to run in curved or indented lines.
engrail: To variegate or spot, as with hail.
engrail: To indent with small curves.
post up: To affix a notice, announcement etc, to a post, board, wall or the like.
post up: To enter any information, data etc (into a register, account, record etc).
post up: To establish a position in the frontcourt on one side or the other of the free throw lane, especially used against smaller defenders.
obolize: Archaic form of obelize.
unlords: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlord
stop by: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see stop, by.
stop by: To pay a visit briefly.
swunken: past participle of swink
reexpel: To expel again.
rebrace: To brace again.
misjoin: To join wrongly or improperly.
reenjoy: To enjoy again or anew.
empearl: Alternative form of impearl
disrank: To degrade from rank.
disrank: To throw out of rank or into confusion.
outbrag: To surpass in bragging.
outbrag: To surpass in beauty or splendor.
glaired: simple past and past participle of glair
emperil: Dated form of imperil.
overput: To overthrow; subdue.
bumbast: Obsolete form of bombast.
deturbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deturb
fullfed: simple past and past participle of fullfeed
glumped: simple past and past participle of glump
imbanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbank
outcant: To surpass in canting.
reflame: To kindle into flame again; to relight.
reflame: To burst into flame again; to reignite.
imbower: Archaic form of embower.
emprint: Obsolete form of imprint.
miauled: simple past and past participle of miaul
remails: third-person singular simple present indicative of remail
neck up: to increase the size of a cartridge's chamber and calibre.
unsinew: To deprive of sinews or strength.
rejolts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejolt
unturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unturn
mismate: To mate or match wrongly or unsuitably; mismatch.
smileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of smile
tech up: To upgrade to a higher technology level.
enflesh: To clothe with flesh.
essoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of essoin
brabble: To clamour; to contest noisily.
brabble: To babble (of a stream or other watercourse).
obdured: simple past and past participle of obdure
deal in: To deal cards to someone entering a game; to enter someone into a game by dealing cards to that person.
deal in: To trade (buy and sell) a named commodity.
deal in: To accept (something or a piece of information) as a basis for a decision.
deal in: To have an interest in something.
deforce: To withhold land unlawfully from its true owner or from any other person who has a right to the possession of it, after one has lawfully entered and taken possession of it.
deforce: To resist an officer of the law in the execution of his duty.
misplan: To plan badly or incorrectly.
malices: third-person singular simple present indicative of malice
belibel: To libel or traduce; to calumniate.
efforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of efform
unspars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspar
twangle: To twang repetitively.
endomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of endome
endomed: simple past and past participle of endome
invenom: Archaic form of envenom.
indarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of indart
furdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of furdle
furdled: simple past and past participle of furdle
inexist: To exist or live within.
readorn: To adorn again.
begored: simple past and past participle of begore
begores: third-person singular simple present indicative of begore
childed: simple past and past participle of child
shrowds: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrowd
werning: present participle and gerund of wern
holloas: third-person singular simple present indicative of holloa
sipples: third-person singular simple present indicative of sipple
sippled: simple past and past participle of sipple
reindex: To index again or anew.
tramble: To wash (tin ore, etc.) with a shovel in a frame fitted for the purpose.
ticcing: present participle and gerund of tic
whilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of while
decolor: US spelling of decolour
inheart: To put heart into; make hearty.
inheart: To encourage; inspirit; beghast.
inheart: To enclose within the substance of the heart.
cut one: To break wind.
wenteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wend
wenteth: alternative third-person singular past of go
boxhaul: To bring (a square-rigged ship) onto a new tack by hauling back the foresails whilst steering hard round.
promist: simple past and past participle of promise
glanc't: simple past and past participle of glance
invok't: simple past and past participle of invoke
deduc't: simple past and past participle of deduce
reduc't: simple past and past participle of reduce
pierc't: simple past and past participle of pierce
daunc't: simple past and past participle of daunce
seduc't: simple past and past participle of seduce
revok't: simple past and past participle of revoke
escap't: simple past and past participle of escape
uncurst: simple past and past participle of uncurse
wou'dst: Obsolete form of wouldst.
cou'dst: Obsolete form of couldst.
mundify: To cleanse.
imbarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbarn
frolick: Archaic form of frolic.
neatify: To make neat or clean; to purify.
imbayed: simple past and past participle of imbay
rejourn: To adjourn; to put off.
inhived: simple past and past participle of inhive
unnests: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnest
inhives: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhive
outtops: third-person singular simple present indicative of outtop
outseen: past participle of outsee
outsees: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsee
indebts: third-person singular simple present indicative of indebt
umbrate: To shade; to shadow or foreshadow.
outbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbar
bromize: To prepare or treat with bromine.
encowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of encowl
frabbed: simple past and past participle of frab
outgave: simple past of outgive
outgive: To surpass in giving; to give more than.
walters: third-person singular simple present indicative of walter
gleened: simple past and past participle of gleen
infeoff: Alternative form of enfeoff
subnect: To tie or fasten beneath; to join beneath.
enarmor: Alternative form of enarmour
challan: To issue an official infringement citation.
allow'd: simple past and past participle of allow
color'd: simple past and past participle of color
honor'd: simple past and past participle of honor
favor'd: simple past and past participle of favor
fusting: present participle and gerund of fust
fanding: present participle and gerund of fand
immuted: simple past and past participle of immute
mistune: To tune wrongly.
outbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbow
obducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of obduct
imagins: third-person singular simple present indicative of imagin
shriekt: simple past and past participle of shriek
wherret: To hurry; to trouble; to tease.
wherret: To box (somebody) on the ear; to strike on the ear.
misrate: To rate erroneously.
unorder: To countermand an order for.
gurging: present participle and gerund of gurge
blissom: To be lustful; to be lascivious.
insculp: To engrave; to carve; to sculpture.
whooted: simple past and past participle of whoot
halseny: Alternative form of halsen
dissert: To discourse or dispute; to discuss.
misbore: simple past of misbear
arrects: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrect
dismans: third-person singular simple present indicative of disman
gryding: present participle and gerund of gryde
serries: third-person singular simple present indicative of serry
misbear: To carry improperly; (reflexive) to carry (one's self) wrongly; misbehave.
deplant: To take up plants; to transplant.
embowed: simple past and past participle of embow
imburse: To put into a purse; to save, to store up.
imburse: To give money to, to pay; to stock or supply with money.
imburse: To pay back money that is owed; to refund, to repay, to reimburse.
precame: simple past of precum
precums: third-person singular simple present indicative of precum
reangle: To reorientate (something) so that it points or heads at a different angle.
chevens: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheven
decerps: third-person singular simple present indicative of decerp
scavage: To act as a scavenger, to scavenge.
casking: present participle and gerund of cask
reccies: third-person singular simple present indicative of reccy
vegging: present participle and gerund of veg
agraced: simple past and past participle of agrace
rewoken: past participle of rewake
rewakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewake
outtell: To surpass in telling, counting, or reckoning.
outtold: simple past and past participle of outtell
obsigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of obsign
implate: To cover with plates; to sheathe.
opacate: To darken; to cloud.
misluck: To meet with ill luck; miscarry.
imbound: To enclose in limits; to shut in.
dreuled: simple past and past participle of dreul
scarped: past participle of scarp
demount: To remove from its mounting; to take down from a mounted position.
demount: To dismount.
top out: To reach one's highest point.
top out: To quit one's career during a period of success.
top out: To complete the construction of a tall building, originally by putting on a "topping-out" course.
top out: To complete a route by climbing over its top.
unstows: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstow
unsting: To remove the sting of
carcoon: To treat a car as an extension of one's home and work environments, attempting to maximize comfort and productivity by using it to do things commonly done off the road, such as eating, making telephone calls, and consuming entertainment.
misknow: to misunderstand
injoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of injoin
incysts: third-person singular simple present indicative of incyst
prearms: third-person singular simple present indicative of prearm
scuddle: To run hastily; to hurry; to scuttle.
scuddle: To drudge.
scuddle: To wash or cleanse.
inrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of inroll
growsed: simple past and past participle of growse
growses: third-person singular simple present indicative of growse
unbayed: simple past and past participle of unbay
saw fit: simple past of see fit
impaved: simple past and past participle of impave
impaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of impave
reasked: simple past and past participle of reask
faffled: simple past and past participle of faffle
bedungs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedung
reclasp: To clasp again.
fuzzled: simple past and past participle of fuzzle
faffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of faffle
fuzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuzzle
daggled: simple past and past participle of daggle
daggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of daggle
unclews: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclew
inflesh: To give fleshly form; to incarnate.
reincur: To incur again.
imbarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbark
enstate: Archaic form of instate.
brandle: To shake; to (cause to) totter.
cowpool: To jointly purchase all or part of a butchered cow with one or more additional parties and split the meat.
flecker: To fleck; to speckle.
fracted: simple past and past participle of fract
restamp: To stamp again.
heroise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of heroize.
overwit: To outwit.
enraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrace
enraced: simple past and past participle of enrace
ingorge: Archaic form of engorge.
skrimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of skrimp
envault: To enclose in a vault; to entomb.
closeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of close
disseat: To unseat.
traduct: To derive or deduce.
traduct: To transmit; to transfer.
regrant: To grant (something) again or in a different way.
bo-peep: To play the game of bo-peep; to peek out suddenly.
prevets: third-person singular simple present indicative of prevet
surbase: to lower the rise of an arch
escarps: third-person singular simple present indicative of escarp
enwound: simple past and past participle of enwind
enwinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwind
incloud: Obsolete form of encloud.
anoiled: simple past and past participle of anoil
incends: third-person singular simple present indicative of incend
sivered: simple past and past participle of siver
outrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outray
inlards: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlard
mistrow: To mistrust; distrust; doubt.
mistrow: To think wrongly.
mistrow: To doubt; mistrust.
dishorn: To remove the horns of.
redrums: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrum
unplats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplat
outname: To exceed in naming or describing.
outname: To exceed in fame or degree.
tottles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tottle
iambize: To satirize in iambics; to lampoon.
tottled: simple past and past participle of tottle
inclasp: Archaic form of enclasp.
meawled: simple past and past participle of meawl
binkied: simple past and past participle of binky
appaled: Misspelling of appalled.
overbow: To arch over.
overbow: To bow or bend (something) over beyond its natural trajectory; to bend in a contrary direction.
overbow: To bend too far.
overbow: To overburden.
overbow: To provide (an archer) with a bow that requires more strength than the archer can fully draw.
overbow: To use a bow that requires more strength than the archer can fully draw.
overbow: To use too much pressure when playing a stringed instrument using a bow.
overbow: To show excessive deference toward by too much bowing.
obtends: third-person singular simple present indicative of obtend
outwing: To surpass or outstrip in flying.
volowed: simple past and past participle of volow
misseem: To be unbecoming to; not to suit.
gloured: simple past and past participle of glour
chylify: To make chyle of.
chylify: To be converted into chyle.
outhire: To hire out.
enbibed: simple past and past participle of enbibe
enbibes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enbibe
recieve: Misspelling of receive.
enstyle: To style; to name.
starken: To make unbending or inflexible; stiffen; make obstinate.
persual: Misspelling of perusal.
persual: Misspelling of pursual.
cuts it: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut it
golding: present participle and gerund of gold
imbowed: simple past and past participle of imbow
impalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of impalm
noursle: To nurse; to rear; to bring up.
noseled: simple past and past participle of nosel
twanked: simple past and past participle of twank
gallied: simple past and past participle of gally
enranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrank
debarbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of debarb
inherse: Obsolete form of enhearse.
appairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of appair
sleying: present participle and gerund of sley
bemercy: To treat with mercy; show mercy to; milse.
bemouth: To mouth the praises of (a person); talk grandiloquently; declaim.
bemouth: To place in the mouth; to put one's mouth on; (by extension) to eat.
misworn: past participle of miswear
miswore: simple past of miswear
trouled: simple past and past participle of troul
miswear: To wear badly or wrongly.
unstate: To deprive of state or dignity.
unstate: To withdraw (something previously stated); to unsay or retract.
bespurt: To spurt on or over; to sprinkle.
farries: third-person singular simple present indicative of farry
crooken: To make crooked.
ostends: third-person singular simple present indicative of ostend
unsweat: To relieve from perspiration; to ease or cool after exercise or toil.
haunced: simple past and past participle of haunce
haunces: third-person singular simple present indicative of haunce
maudled: simple past and past participle of maudle
maudles: third-person singular simple present indicative of maudle
trowled: simple past and past participle of trowl
huzzing: present participle and gerund of huzz
disroot: To uproot (tear up from the roots).
meetens: third-person singular simple present indicative of meeten
enswept: simple past and past participle of ensweep
ensweep: To sweep over or across; to pass over rapidly.
duncify: To make stupid in intellect.
whimple: To whiffle; to veer.
whimple: Archaic form of wimple.
embathe: To bathe.
emballs: third-person singular simple present indicative of emball
beclout: To cover with a clout or cloth.
beclout: To dress up.
imbathe: Obsolete form of embathe.
re-ally: To bring together again.
re-ally: To ally anew; to re-form an alliance.
becomse: To begin; commence.
beclose: To shut up or in; enclose; enwrap.
beclose: To imprison.
becross: To mark with the sign of the cross.
becross: To surround or decorate with crosses.
slow in: To adjust the spacing of in-between frames so as to smoothly decelerate movement of an object as it comes to rest
becrown: To place a crown upon; crown.
becrave: To crave; crave for.
beclepe: To complain against; indict; accuse.
beclepe: To call upon; address; accost.
beclepe: To address as; call; name.
beclepe: To summon to a higher court; appeal.
beclepe: To appeal against; object to; disapprove.
becatch: To lay hold of; seize upon.
becatch: To take by craft or trickery; beguile; cheat; belirt; deceive.
beblood: To smear or stain with blood.
beblast: To blast completely; wither up.
bebeast: To make a beast of.
bebless: To bless amply or profusely.
bepower: To give power to; imbue with power.
bebathe: To bathe all over; bathe completely; suffuse.
unfrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfret
empugns: third-person singular simple present indicative of empugn
unniche: To remove from a niche.
embrute: Alternative form of imbrute
wouling: present participle and gerund of woul
chymify: To form into chyme.
coitize: To sexually penetrate.
tag off: To hover an RFID device such as a smartcard over a receiver, often with a graphical user interface, in order to confirm the end of use or one's exit from the vehicle.
tags on: third-person singular simple present indicative of tag on
reprive: Obsolete form of reprieve.
reprive: To take back or away.
bestrut: To distend.
searces: third-person singular simple present indicative of searce
engrasp: To grasp; to grip.
searced: simple past and past participle of searce
traunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of traunt
impregn: To impregnate; to make fruitful.
overply: To ply to excess; to exert with too much vigour; to overwork.
proking: present participle and gerund of proke
unborne: past participle of unbear
unbears: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbear
imbrown: Archaic spelling of embrown.
despume: To free from spume or scum.
marined: simple past and past participle of marine
unbored: simple past and past participle of unbore
odizing: present participle and gerund of odize
dumpled: simple past and past participle of dumple
frecked: simple past and past participle of freck
dumples: third-person singular simple present indicative of dumple
insnarl: To make into a snarl or knot; to entangle.
nubbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nubble
nubbled: simple past and past participle of nubble
outwind: To extricate by winding; to unloose.
outwind: To surpass in wind or breath.
bite in: To corrode metallic plates by means of an acid, as part of an etching process.
bite in: To repress (an emotion); bite back.
do down: To belittle or intimidate
drag in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see drag, in.
drag in: To get into a course of action by forceful means.
bedwarf: To make a dwarf of; to stunt or hinder the growth of; to dwarf.
impests: third-person singular simple present indicative of impest
inweave: To weave in or together; to intermix or intertwine by weaving; to interlace.
inculks: third-person singular simple present indicative of inculk
inchase: Archaic form of enchase.
laveers: third-person singular simple present indicative of laveer
craunch: To crush with the teeth; to chew with violence and noise; to crunch.
drag up: To remind people of something, usually unpleasant, from the past.
drag up: To educate reluctant pupils.
drag up: To raise a child with insufficient discipline or instillment of social etiquette.
drag up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see drag, up.
prosing: present participle and gerund of prose
bezzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bezzle
bezzled: simple past and past participle of bezzle
wirbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wirble
wirbled: simple past and past participle of wirble
entoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of entoil
enmewed: simple past and past participle of enmew
impaint: To paint; to adorn with colours.
disedge: To deprive (something) of an edge; to render blunt; to blunt or dull.
disedge: To take the edge off (someone's) hunger; to satiate.
unteams: third-person singular simple present indicative of unteam
discind: To divide or part (something).
unclued: simple past and past participle of unclue
unclues: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclue
belking: present participle and gerund of belk
brustle: To crackle; to rustle.
brustle: To make a show of fierceness or defiance; to bristle.
woolded: simple past and past participle of woold
disship: To dismiss from service on board ship.
amating: present participle and gerund of amate
discept: To debate; to discuss.
engored: simple past and past participle of engore
engores: third-person singular simple present indicative of engore
unclung: simple past and past participle of uncling
ensober: To make sober.
disally: To part, as an alliance; to sunder.
bespirt: Alternative form of bespurt
effront: To give assurance to.
inlists: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlist
plauded: simple past and past participle of plaud
uncling: present participle and gerund of uncle
uncling: To cease from clinging or adhering.
nustles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nustle
nustled: simple past and past participle of nustle
preacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of preact
inrails: third-person singular simple present indicative of inrail
tissued: simple past and past participle of tissue
defixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of defix
insouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of insoul
defixed: simple past and past participle of defix
outrove: simple past of outrive
infiled: simple past and past participle of infile
infiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of infile
outrive: To rive; to sever.
outhale: To exhale.
renerve: To nerve again; to reinvigorate.
invects: third-person singular simple present indicative of invect
lifened: simple past and past participle of lifen
infilms: third-person singular simple present indicative of infilm
decurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of decurt
tipsify: To make tipsy.
adhorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adhort
mistide: To happen or come to pass through misfortune.
mistide: To suffer misfortune.
mislist: To list incorrectly.
extirps: third-person singular simple present indicative of extirp
emboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of emboil
entuned: simple past and past participle of entune
entunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of entune
belutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of belute
enoding: present participle and gerund of enode
injoint: To disjoint; to separate.
injoint: To join; to unite.
emmoved: simple past and past participle of emmove
snetted: simple past and past participle of snet
emoving: present participle and gerund of emove
emmoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of emmove
pectize: To congeal; to change into a gelatinous mass.
dartled: simple past and past participle of dartle
dartles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dartle
stroyed: simple past and past participle of stroy
upyield: To yield up; to give or surrender.
misseek: To seek for wrongly.
oversow: To sow (seed) where something has already been sown.
oversow: To sow too much seed upon.
torpify: To make torpid; to benumb.
prehend: To perceive in the manner of Alfred North Whitehead's concept of prehension.
prehend: To lay hold of; to seize.
enfired: simple past and past participle of enfire
enfires: third-person singular simple present indicative of enfire
engraff: Obsolete form of engraft.
unseels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unseel
balmify: To render balmy.
sleaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleave
beguyle: Obsolete form of beguile.
meawing: present participle and gerund of meaw
snaping: present participle and gerund of snape
enrange: To arrange in order; to rank.
enrange: To rove over; to range.
enmured: simple past and past participle of enmure
enmures: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmure
intorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of intort
neesing: present participle and gerund of neese
dispand: To spread out; to expand.
wrastle: To wrestle.
undevil: To free from possession by a devil or evil spirit; to exorcise.
hawming: present participle and gerund of hawm
reedify: To edify anew; to build again after destruction.
scerned: simple past and past participle of scern
scerned: simple past and past participle of scerne
invigor: To invigorate.
defails: third-person singular simple present indicative of defail
begilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of begild
intunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of intune
intuned: simple past and past participle of intune
enhorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhort
metrify: To make verse.
metrify: metricate
envigor: To invigorate.
gripple: To grasp.
devasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of devast
enseels: third-person singular simple present indicative of enseel
unchill: To warm or thaw; to remove the chill from.
diswont: To deprive of wonted usage; to disaccustom.
surcloy: To surfeit.
begnaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of begnaw
assumpt: To take up; to elevate; to assume.
steving: present participle and gerund of steve
gayning: present participle and gerund of gayne
begnawn: past participle of begnaw
aggests: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggest
deturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of deturn
surbeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of surbed
shabbed: simple past and past participle of shab
haffled: simple past and past participle of haffle
haffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of haffle
pregage: To preengage.
viciate: Archaic form of vitiate.
unlaugh: To recall (former laughter).
eddered: simple past and past participle of edder
prelect: To discourse publicly; to lecture.
missays: third-person singular simple present indicative of missay
missaid: simple past and past participle of missay
outshut: To shut out.
'sdains: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'sdain
ebonise: Alternative form of ebonize
freerun: To engage in parkour.
iodines: third-person singular simple present indicative of iodine
devests: third-person singular simple present indicative of devest
dispair: To separate (a pair).
elances: third-person singular simple present indicative of elance
elanced: simple past and past participle of elance
heddled: simple past and past participle of heddle
recumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of recumb
strowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of strowl
unsteel: To disarm; to soften.
nuddled: simple past and past participle of nuddle
nuddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nuddle
recrawl: To crawl again.
bagarap: to mess up; to bugger up
sejoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of sejoin
beheard: simple past and past participle of behear
deballs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deball
gaybait: To harass or vilify someone for their real or imagined homosexuality, typically to advance political ends against them.
gaybait: To entice or pander a gay person through demagoguery.
gaybait: To seduce a heterosexual into homosexual relations.
duskens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dusken
effunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of effund
dislimn: To remove the outlines of; to efface.
cottise: To border a bend, etc., with cottises, barrulets, etc.
regrede: To go back; to retrograde, as the apsis of a planet's orbit.
enlimns: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlimn
scising: present participle and gerund of scise
scoated: simple past and past participle of scoat
mercify: To have mercy on; to pity.
disgage: To free from a gage or pledge; to disengage.
brutify: To make like a brute; to make senseless or unfeeling; to brutalize.
devowed: simple past and past participle of devow
guarish: To heal or cure.
subpena: Alternative form of subpoena
stroams: third-person singular simple present indicative of stroam
outswim: To swim faster than.
diswarn: To dissuade from by previous warning.
dispost: To eject from a post; to displace.
parrock: To enclose or shut in; park.
disbind: To unbind; to loosen.
despend: To spend; to squander.
avoking: present participle and gerund of avoke
thurled: simple past and past participle of thurl
intails: third-person singular simple present indicative of intail
empawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of empawn
choaked: simple past and past participle of choak
eyefuck: To ogle in a lecherous manner.
eyefuck: To interfere with by means of visual contact.
eyefuck: To stare at, especially at something or someone with which one has a hostile relationship.
outpeer: To excel or surpass.
gricing: present participle and gerund of grice
touzing: present participle and gerund of touze
harrage: To harass; to plunder from.
detrect: To refuse; to decline.
forceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of force
forcest: second-person singular simple present indicative of force
flidged: simple past and past participle of flidge
exolved: simple past and past participle of exolve
allects: third-person singular simple present indicative of allect
flidges: third-person singular simple present indicative of flidge
exolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of exolve
Edenize: To bring to a state of paradisaic happiness.
Edenize: To convert (a traditional institutional nursing home) into a community where patients can live a full and active life.
infound: To pour in; to infuse.
excurse: To journey or pass through.
excurse: To digress.
enwalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwall
mythers: third-person singular simple present indicative of myther
engulph: Archaic form of engulf.
extruct: To construct.
narcose: To place in a state of narcosis; to narcotize.
inlaced: simple past and past participle of inlace
inlaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlace
imbowel: Archaic form of embowel.
inditch: To bury in, or cast into, a ditch.
applots: third-person singular simple present indicative of applot
disheir: To disinherit.
outkiss: To surpass in kissing; to kiss more or better than.
girdest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gird
girdeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gird
fasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fast
godcast: To produce and distribute a godcast.
Godcast: To produce and distribute a Godcast.
disroof: To unroof; to remove the roof.
motived: simple past and past participle of motive
Grecize: To render Grecian, or cause (a word or phrase in another language) to take a Greek form.
Grecize: To translate into Greek.
Grecize: To conform to the Greek custom, especially in speech.
dozzled: simple past and past participle of dozzle
rugines: third-person singular simple present indicative of rugine
rugined: simple past and past participle of rugine
ensafed: simple past and past participle of ensafe
sdeigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of sdeign
flawter: To scrape or pare (a skin, etc.).
esloins: third-person singular simple present indicative of esloin
dousted: simple past and past participle of doust
embased: simple past and past participle of embase
deplume: To strip of feathers or plumage.
deplume: To lay bare; to expose.
embases: third-person singular simple present indicative of embase
retting: present participle and gerund of ret
enrheum: To affect with a rheum.
tranqed: simple past and past participle of tranq
tremped: simple past and past participle of tremp
mislive: To lead a wrong or evil life; live wrongly.
thracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrack
spiring: present participle and gerund of spire
foulder: To flash like lightning; to lighten; to gleam; to thunder.
Anglify: To convert to English (language or culture); to anglicise.
dentize: To teethe.
slushed: simple past and past participle of slush
sculped: simple past and past participle of sculp
subaids: third-person singular simple present indicative of subaid
poulder: Obsolete form of powder.
estreat: To extract or take out from the records of a court, and send up to the court of exchequer to be enforced; said of a forfeited recognizance.
estreat: To bring in to the exchequer, as a fine.
retunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of retund
cockshy: To pelt; to throw things at.
rehosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehost
revying: present participle and gerund of revie
atscape: To escape.
atshake: To flee away; escape.
atshoot: To shoot away; shoot away from.
readept: To regain; to recover.
atslike: To slip away.
atstand: To stand still; remain; stay.
atstand: To come to a standstill; stop.
atstand: To make a hostile stand; resist; withstand.
atstand: To stand to; withstand; resist; stand close to; press.
atstunt: To bring to an end; put a stop to.
atstunt: To stop; stay; remain.
enmoved: simple past and past participle of enmove
enmoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmove
genappe: To smooth (yarn) by burning off the hairs in a gas flame.
sharest: second-person singular simple present indicative of share
atreach: To reach or get at with a weapon; strike.
reshift: To shift again or anew.
ganched: simple past and past participle of ganch
ganches: third-person singular simple present indicative of ganch
impalsy: To strike with palsy; to paralyze; to deaden.
monests: third-person singular simple present indicative of monest
remorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of remort
procced: simple past and past participle of proc
squawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of squawl
strouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of strout
slubbed: simple past and past participle of slub
egotize: To talk or write as an egotist.
nimming: present participle and gerund of nim
clotter: To concrete into lumps; to clot.
disbark: To strip (a tree, etc.) of bark.
disbark: To disembark.
ychosen: Archaic or obsolete form of chosen.
bowssen: To drench; to soak; to immerse (in water believed to have curative properties).
coalite: To cause to unite or coalesce.
coalite: To unite or coalesce.
coalite: To form a political coalition.
unswell: To cease from swelling; sink from a swollen state; subside.
deflows: third-person singular simple present indicative of deflow
kitbash: To create a new scale model using pieces from existing commercial kits.
phonate: To make sounds with the voice.
phonate: To use the voice to make (specific sounds).
upblows: third-person singular simple present indicative of upblow
upblown: past participle of upblow
misstay: To become caught in irons when changing tack.
disbent: simple past and past participle of disbend
disbend: To unbend.
incasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of incask
glaumed: simple past and past participle of glaum
undight: To take off (a piece of clothing).
burpin': Pronunciation spelling of burping.
dripple: to dribble briskly; to drip with wet
fartin': Pronunciation spelling of farting.
ungroup: To remove from a group; to separate.
miscame: simple past of miscome
emparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of empark
ingraff: Obsolete form of engraft.
dewrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewret
courbed: simple past and past participle of courb
borrowe: Obsolete spelling of borrow
degroup: To remove from a group; to separate.
depeach: To discharge.
bedrape: To dress, clothe.
bedrape: To drape, cover or adorn with drapery or folds of cloth, or as with drapery.
beworry: To worry about.
beworry: To fill with worry; cause to be worried; beset with cares; trouble; vex; harass.
bauchle: To misuse, to bungle.
bauchle: To insult, to upbraid, to make a fool of someone.
besmell: To smell out; sniff about, around, or all over; investigate or check by smelling; detect a smell or a scent.
emmures: third-person singular simple present indicative of emmure
allooed: simple past and past participle of alloo
insense: To make to understand; to instruct.
retraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrap
untraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrap
droyled: simple past and past participle of droyle
shugged: simple past and past participle of shug
clamper: To crimp.
clamper: To join in an unsystematic or haphazard fashion.
clamper: To move in a noisy and clumsy manner.
clamper: To complain in an irritating manner.
dechunk: To unpack or break apart from a chunk.
teathed: simple past and past participle of teathe
diffine: Obsolete form of define.
markest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mark
glidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of glide
marketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of mark
rechurn: To churn again.
jettest: second-person singular simple present indicative of jet
enwrapt: simple past and past participle of enwrap
counite: To bring together; to unite.
beghost: To endow with a spirit or ghost; haunt.
beghost: To make a ghost of; teach (one) how to play a ghost.
chirmed: simple past and past participle of chirm
midwive: Alternative form of midwife (verb)
forlaft: past participle of forleave
carnify: To form flesh; to become like flesh.
enhoney: To sweeten (figuratively); to entice, allure.
apaying: present participle and gerund of apay
intubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of intube
commish: To commission (an artist, an artwork)
crimple: to crumple, crimp
miscost: To cost incorrectly.
shaffle: To hobble or limp; to shuffle.
bewound: To wound all over; cover or afflict with wounds.
bewound: simple past and past participle of bewind
fool up: To act foolishly.
prieved: simple past and past participle of prieve
prieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of prieve
rezzing: present participle and gerund of rez
elixate: To boil; to seethe.
elixate: To extract by boiling or seething.
reroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reroot
bewhape: To bewilder; amaze; confuse; utterly confound.
gauffer: To plait, crimp, or flute; to goffer, as lace.
gauffer: In fine bookbinding, to decorate the edges of a text block with a heated iron.
cloomed: simple past and past participle of cloom
crudled: simple past and past participle of crudle
beflood: To flood around or about; flood all over; inundate.
crudles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crudle
protend: To hold out; to stretch forth.
deflesh: to remove the flesh from
subaudi: Mentally supply (something which has not been expressed); scilicet.
inaugur: To inaugurate.
ingluts: third-person singular simple present indicative of inglut
pauming: present participle and gerund of paum
infarce: To stuff; to swell.
docquet: Archaic form of docket.
backset: To plow again in the fall; said of prairie land broken up in the spring.
misbede: To wrong; to do injury to.
recouch: To rephrase.
recouch: To retire again to a couch; to lie down again.
misbode: simple past of misbede
misbode: To sense or foreshadow impending disaster.
misbode: To foreshadow the future incorrectly.
beframe: To frame about; construct; perform.
gainset: To set over against; oppose.
begowks: third-person singular simple present indicative of begowk
hizzing: present participle and gerund of hizz
smerked: simple past and past participle of smerk
debrain: To remove the brain from.
henning: present participle and gerund of hen
uncurbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncurb
assever: Archaic form of asseverate.
soucing: present participle and gerund of souce
excerps: third-person singular simple present indicative of excerp
broggle: To sniggle, or fish with a brog.
broggle: To poke around, especially poke around in a hole with a stick.
thizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of thizz
thizzed: simple past and past participle of thizz
decocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of decock
instyle: To style.
morrice: To dance, especially a morris dance
morrice: To move away rapidly; to decamp.
rescowe: Obsolete form of rescue.
mis-hit: Alternative form of mishit
scrouge: To crowd; to squeeze.
estuate: To swell up or rage; to be agitated
despose: Obsolete spelling of dispose
reysing: present participle and gerund of reyse
defoams: third-person singular simple present indicative of defoam
encoach: To place or carry in a coach.
dispeed: To send off with speed; to dispatch.
glavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of glaver
disturn: To turn aside.
prevene: To come before; to anticipate.
prevene: To hinder or prevent.
slatter: To be awkward, careless, or negligent, especially with regard to dress and neatness.
slatter: To be wasteful.
tathing: present participle and gerund of tath
newcast: To recast; form or mould anew.
newname: To give a new name to; name anew; rename.
newmake: To make again or anew; remake.
newvamp: To vamp up (something) afresh; to furbish up anew; to revamp.
rampire: To fortify with a rampart; to form into a rampart.
recocts: third-person singular simple present indicative of recoct
unreave: To unwind; to disentangle; to loose.
newcoin: Alternative form of new-coin
powters: third-person singular simple present indicative of powter
peenged: simple past and past participle of peenge
peenges: third-person singular simple present indicative of peenge
thaught: Obsolete form of thought.
outacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outact
papized: simple past and past participle of papize
illapse: Usually followed by into: to fall or glide; to pass.
impaste: To knead; to make into paste; to concrete.
impaste: To lay colours thickly on canvas by the impasto technique.
kohling: present participle and gerund of kohl
bedrive: To drive or toss about; drive out, off, back, or away; defeat.
bedrive: To effect; do; commit; perpetrate; experience.
renovel: To renew; to renovate.
sutling: present participle and gerund of sutle
medlied: simple past and past participle of medly
medlies: third-person singular simple present indicative of medly
stoaked: simple past and past participle of stoak
diggest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dig
renayed: simple past and past participle of renay
ruddied: simple past and past participle of ruddy
innerve: To imbue with nervous energy; to give increased force or courage to.
waiment: Obsolete form of wayment.
enfrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of enfree
enfreed: simple past and past participle of enfree
Zuluize: To make Zulu; to adapt to the Zulu culture or language.
skelder: To deceive; to cheat; to trick.
spirtle: Archaic spelling of spurtle.
napooed: simple past and past participle of napoo
survise: To look over; to supervise.
progued: simple past and past participle of progue
unround: To change (a vowel) so that it is no longer round.
cohibit: To restrain.
shotted: simple past and past participle of shot
shotted: simple past and past participle of shoot
ASBOing: present participle and gerund of ASBO
bedream: To dream about; bestow with dreams or impart dreams unto.
forstop: To stop up; block; clog; obstruct; (one's breath) to stifle; (a watercourse) to dam up.
forspan: To entice; seduce.
mismake: To unmake; depose.
mismake: To shape or form improperly; make badly or amiss; spoil in making.
mismake: To disturb (oneself); put (oneself) out.
forlong: To fill with longing.
monoski: To use a monoski; to participate in monoskiing.
mislook: To sin by looking.
mislook: To look unfavorably on.
mislook: To miss in searching; mislay or lose temporarily; neglectively overlook.
mislook: To look incorrectly or amiss.
disrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of disray
mismean: To mean or intend wrongly; mistake the meaning of; misinterpret.
paynize: To treat or preserve (wood etc.) by a process resembling kyanization.
inserve: To be of use to an end; to serve.
depiece: To remove pieces from; to take apart, disassemble.
strowed: simple past of strow
piqueer: Alternative form of pickeer
evacate: To empty; to nullify.
skitted: simple past and past participle of skit
unberth: To bring (a ship etc.) out of its berth.
unberth: To bring (a ship etc.) out of its berth.
unberth: To remove a spaceship from a dock/berth/mount/mooring with the assistance of a device that moves the spaceship away from its fixed location.
jet off: To go by airplane to a destination.
jet off: To depart hurriedly.
sowcing: present participle and gerund of sowce
deduped: simple past and past participle of dedupe
haulsed: simple past and past participle of haulse
haulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of haulse
Zionize: to make (something) Zionist or more Zionist
Zionize: to make (something) Zion-like
dedupes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dedupe
halsing: present participle and gerund of halse
reposit: To cause to rest or stay; to lay away; to lodge, as for safety or preservation; to place; to store.
cojoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of cojoin
arefied: simple past and past participle of arefy
storify: To form or tell stories of; to narrate or describe in a story.
storify: To store (additional honey) in additional tiers or stories of a hive.
chinses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chinse
chinsed: simple past and past participle of chinse
nadired: simple past and past participle of nadir
reliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rely
relieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rely
mispays: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispay
mispaid: simple past and past participle of mispay
cruddle: To curdle.
extills: third-person singular simple present indicative of extill
whammel: Alternative form of whemmel
precels: third-person singular simple present indicative of precel
swaiped: simple past and past participle of swaip
croodle: To cower or cuddle together, as from fear or cold; to lie close and snug together, as pigs in straw.
croodle: To fawn or coax.
croodle: To make a cooing sound.
surview: To survey; to make a survey of.
frumple: To wrinkle; crumple; ruffle; disorder.
asciify: Alternative spelling of ASCIIfy
ASCIIfy: To convert into ASCII or, more generally, into 7-bit data.
ASCIIfy: To reduce extended Latin text to characters of the ASCII character set.
concrew: To grow together.
soureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sour
gemming: present participle and gerund of gem
thicked: simple past and past participle of thick
brew up: To make by brewing.
brew up: To concoct.
brew up: Make a fire in order to make tea.
brew up: To go up in flames.
brew up: To cause to go up in flames.
gimblet: Archaic form of gimlet.
hanking: present participle and gerund of hank
clarted: simple past and past participle of clart
inwoven: past participle of inweave
bemulce: To soothe or soften.
ointing: present participle and gerund of oint
benifit: Misspelling of benefit.
bewaste: To waste utterly or completely.
betined: simple past and past participle of betine
tweeped: simple past and past participle of tweep
forlead: To mislead; seduce.
forlead: Alternative form of forelead (“lead forward, lead before”)
fordeem: To condemn.
fordote: To make foolish or doting.
forclem: To pinch with hunger; choke up.
forhush: To deride.
forburn: To destroy, torture, or injure by burning; burn up; burn down.
forburn: To burn; be burnt; be consumed by fire; to be on fire.
bewater: To water about or all over; cover, douse, or fill with water; make wet; water; hydrate.
homaged: simple past and past participle of homage
reaired: simple past and past participle of reair
mangoed: simple past and past participle of mango
replats: third-person singular simple present indicative of replat
unabate: To continue without abating or after temporarily abating.
nubbing: present participle and gerund of nub
forhare: To affright or harry exceedingly; scare up.
forhard: To harden up.
outfoot: To run or travel faster than
silkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of silken
craping: present participle and gerund of crape
attamed: simple past and past participle of attame
ornated: simple past and past participle of ornate
wombing: present participle and gerund of womb
fristed: simple past and past participle of frist
truthed: simple past and past participle of truth
lorried: simple past and past participle of lorry
re-fuse: To fit with another fuse.
discerp: To tear into pieces; to rend.
discerp: To separate; to disunite.
forgnaw: To gnaw in pieces; eat up.
celling: present participle and gerund of cell
forhill: To cover; protect.
tunning: present participle and gerund of tun
rapined: simple past and past participle of rapine
feruled: simple past and past participle of ferule
Medized: simple past and past participle of Medize
Medised: simple past and past participle of Medise
medised: simple past and past participle of medise
medized: simple past and past participle of medize
medizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of medize
Medizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Medize
Medises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Medise
medises: third-person singular simple present indicative of medise
potches: third-person singular simple present indicative of potch
potched: simple past and past participle of potch
webized: simple past and past participle of webize
unabort: To undo an abortion (in various senses).
hotdesk: Alternative form of hot desk
mealing: present participle and gerund of meal
cyclise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of cyclize.
ambered: simple past and past participle of amber
hackled: simple past and past participle of hackle
rowting: present participle and gerund of rowt
formelt: To melt; melt away; dissolve.
diserve: Misspelling of deserve.
recured: simple past and past participle of recure
uprolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of uproll
huzzaed: simple past and past participle of huzza
flammed: simple past and past participle of flam
meltest: second-person singular simple present indicative of melt
cooeyed: simple past and past participle of cooey
hasping: present participle and gerund of hasp
bubbing: present participle and gerund of bub
bibbing: present participle and gerund of bib
gullied: simple past and past participle of gully
unbreed: To undo breeding or its effects.
unbreed: To cause to become extinct through insufficient fertility.
unbreed: To unmake or destroy.
unsnibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsnib
opposit: to posit or assume as a contradictory; negative or deny
forwarn: To prohibit; forbid; deny (right, access to, etc.).
fianced: simple past and past participle of fiance
tranked: simple past and past participle of trank
fillest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fill
digited: simple past and past participle of digit
highing: present participle and gerund of high
forshut: To shut off or out; preclude; prohibit.
forseek: To seek thoroughly (for); seek out.
forseek: Misspelling of forsake.
unboots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unboot
besleep: To sleep; have a sleep; sleep with.
red dog: To blitz.
beyearn: To yearn over or about; yearn for; long for; desire.
shuddap: Pronunciation spelling of shut up.
examins: third-person singular simple present indicative of examin
honnour: Obsolete form of honor.
skedule: Dated form of schedule.
collour: Obsolete form of color.
fly-tip: To dispose of waste (garbage) illegally, rather than at an authorized dump location.
belaugh: To laugh about; laugh over; laugh at.
yarling: present participle and gerund of yarl
saw off: To cut off with a saw.
saw off: simple past of see off
dewaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewax
unmould: To remove from a mould.
unmould: To change the form of; to reduce from any form.
caudled: simple past and past participle of caudle
suavify: To make affable or suave.
indwelt: simple past and past participle of indwell
organed: simple past and past participle of organ
reverbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reverb
breamed: simple past and past participle of bream
chacing: present participle and gerund of chace
intraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of intrap
englued: simple past and past participle of englue
reniced: simple past and past participle of renice
renices: third-person singular simple present indicative of renice
inlawed: simple past and past participle of inlaw
balming: present participle and gerund of balm
gusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gush
rushest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rush
gushest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gush
rusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rush
behedge: To hedge about; surround with or as with a hedge.
behedge: To determine the boundary or limit of; define.
behedge: To surround; beset; plague; hinder.
behedge: To straiten; restrict; constrain; limit.
beselve: To endow with a personhood or self.
rapines: third-person singular simple present indicative of rapine
ding up: to dent, bend, or injure
beshare: To share about; share across or share with; distribute among others; share.
rehewed: simple past of rehew
subcool: To cool (a saturated liquid refrigerant) below the saturation temperature.
rinding: present participle and gerund of rind
bulbing: present participle and gerund of bulb
derning: present participle and gerund of dern
grubble: To feel or grope in the dark.
fescued: simple past and past participle of fescue
jawning: present participle and gerund of jawn
ventuse: Alternative form of ventouse
destool: To remove (a ruler) from power.
enstore: To restore.
unmitre: To deprive of a mitre; to depose from the rank of bishop.
no-mark: To fail to record a valid score, and produce a score of 0 or no-mark (no distance), by failing to make a valid ground mark from an attempt, and fouling/faulting out of competition.
unwoman: To deprive of feminine qualities, or of the status of womanhood; to unsex.
amained: simple past and past participle of amain
kerfing: present participle and gerund of kerf
puppied: simple past and past participle of puppy
beshite: To shite all over; befoul with shitting; beshit.
unrhyme: To remove the rhyme or expected rhyme from.
betrash: To make or treat as trash.
betrash: To betray.
begripe: To lay hold of; apprehend; grip; grasp.
aracing: present participle and gerund of arace
sinched: simple past and past participle of sinch
miswend: To go wrong; to stray.
shooked: simple past and past participle of shook
shooked: simple past and past participle of shake, Misspelling of shook.
kerrang: To play a power chord on an electric guitar.
wafered: simple past and past participle of wafer
unbeach: To free from being grounded on a beach.
milting: present participle and gerund of milt
guidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of guide
scapple: To work roughly, or shape without finishing, as stone before leaving the quarry.
scapple: To dress (e.g. stone) in any way short of fine tooling or rubbing.
warezed: simple past and past participle of warez
graffed: simple past and past participle of graff
dibsing: present participle and gerund of dibs
whewing: present participle and gerund of whew
hocused: simple past and past participle of hocus
betouch: To touch about or all over; contact; concern; regard; handle.
upspeak: To speak up; advocate.
upspeak: To speak with upspeak; to uptalk.
thwites: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwite
thwited: simple past and past participle of thwite
besinge: To singe about or all over.
depured: simple past and past participle of depure
denized: simple past and past participle of denize
visaing: present participle and gerund of visa
viséing: present participle and gerund of visé
begroan: To groan about; bewail; groan at.
fliping: present participle and gerund of flipe
deflour: Obsolete form of deflower.
chowter: To grumble or mutter sulkily.
spoomed: simple past and past participle of spoom
shroods: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrood
exected: simple past and past participle of exect
anorned: simple past and past participle of anorn
coyoted: simple past and past participle of coyote
foggage: To leave dead or decaying grass on land through the winter.
smartle: To waste away.
skringe: Alternative form of scringe
ahoying: present participle and gerund of ahoy
begreet: To give or send greetings to; hail; salute; greet; acknowledge by greeting.
rubying: present participle and gerund of ruby
admoved: simple past and past participle of admove
braized: simple past and past participle of braize
palaced: simple past and past participle of palace
souping: present participle and gerund of soup
forwall: To boil away.
fortear: To tear up; tear to pieces.
spalted: simple past and past participle of spalt
jettied: simple past and past participle of jetty
affused: simple past and past participle of affuse
soluted: simple past and past participle of solute
washeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wash
washest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wash
embaled: simple past and past participle of embale
tappish: To squat
aluming: present participle and gerund of alum
pishing: present participle and gerund of pish
plonged: simple past and past participle of plonge
prooven: past participle of proove
brisked: simple past and past participle of brisk
scunged: simple past and past participle of scunge
scunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of scunge
choused: simple past and past participle of chouse
chouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chouse
talketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of talk
lotting: present participle and gerund of lot
sphered: simple past and past participle of sphere
sooting: present participle and gerund of soot
greaved: simple past and past participle of greave
studder: Misspelling of stutter.
parping: present participle and gerund of parp
replumb: To fit with new plumbing.
alegged: simple past and past participle of alegge
alegges: third-person singular simple present indicative of alegge
stoving: present participle and gerund of stove
branked: simple past and past participle of brank
wisping: present participle and gerund of wisp
tabored: simple past and past participle of tabor
forelet: Obsolete form of forlet.
fagoted: simple past and past participle of fagot
RSVPing: present participle and gerund of RSVP
forweep: To exhaust (oneself) with weeping; weep excessively; (of a vine) to bleed excessively.
forwork: To forfeit (a possession, privilege, etc.); ruin (oneself) by one's own conduct.
forwork: To obstruct; barricade; block.
forwork: To do wrong to; injure; scathe.
forwork: To overwork; exhaust with toil.
arrided: simple past and past participle of arride
fittin': Alternative form of fitting
outfind: To find out; to discover.
rashing: present participle and gerund of rash
sooties: third-person singular simple present indicative of sooty
sootied: simple past and past participle of sooty
rehoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehoop
gloared: simple past and past participle of gloar
tivered: simple past and past participle of tiver
rebused: simple past and past participle of rebus
prested: simple past and past participle of prest
limbecs: third-person singular simple present indicative of limbec
scantle: To scant; to be niggardly with; to divide into small pieces; to cut short or down.
scantle: To be deficient; to fail.
rilling: present participle and gerund of rill
belearn: To learn about; study; educate; teach.
ghosten: To make like a ghost; behave or appear as a ghost; make ghostly.
discost: Obsolete form of discoast.
graning: present participle and gerund of grane
torrify: Alternative form of torrefy
webchat: To take part in such a conversation.
hilloed: simple past and past participle of hillo
snavels: third-person singular simple present indicative of snavel
bedwell: To dwell around or about (a place); inhabit.
besmall: To make small; (figurative) to make as though small.
squozen: past participle of squeeze
prefine: To limit beforehand.
ploying: present participle and gerund of ploy
exserts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exsert
snotted: simple past and past participle of snot
shoding: present participle and gerund of shode
shoaded: simple past and past participle of shoad
decerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of decern
dognaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dognap
imparls: third-person singular simple present indicative of imparl
clueing: present participle and gerund of clue
re-call: Alternative form of recall (“To call again.”)
speeled: simple past and past participle of speel
kodaked: simple past and past participle of kodak
pottied: simple past and past participle of potty
chining: present participle and gerund of chine
aroynts: third-person singular simple present indicative of aroynt
sowsing: present participle and gerund of sowse
conacre: To underlet a proportion of, for a single crop; said of a farm.
domming: present participle and gerund of dom
musting: present participle and gerund of must
clodded: simple past and past participle of clod
scringe: To cringe.
unpivot: To convert columns into rows, so as to undo a pivot operation.
embroid: To embroider
trapans: third-person singular simple present indicative of trapan
scranch: To grind with the teeth, and with a crackling sound; to craunch.
slented: simple past and past participle of slent
spawled: simple past and past participle of spawl
irising: present participle and gerund of iris
cantled: simple past and past participle of cantle
shit on: to treat very badly.
shit on: to disparage, say bad things about.
shit on: To beat utterly and easily; to trounce; to waffle-stomp.
shit on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see shit, on.
bedrift: To drift about; drift around.
ockered: simple past and past participle of ocker
wettens: third-person singular simple present indicative of wetten
seposed: simple past and past participle of sepose
seposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sepose
recosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of recost
meouing: present participle and gerund of meou
trining: present participle and gerund of trine
meeched: simple past and past participle of meech
meeches: third-person singular simple present indicative of meech
choogle: To have a good time.
quaving: present participle and gerund of quave
affiled: simple past and past participle of affile
southed: simple past and past participle of south
smalled: simple past and past participle of small
exsects: third-person singular simple present indicative of exsect
regears: third-person singular simple present indicative of regear
tweague: Obsolete form of tweak.
squirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of squirr
doxxing: present participle and gerund of doxx
bedance: To dance around; dance about; dance for; dance in celebration of.
consing: present participle and gerund of cons
betrunk: To deprive (a river) of its lower course or trunk by submergence or erosion of the land by the sea.
betrail: To trail over or about.
bespout: To spout about; recite in a pompous or affected manner.
bespout: To pester with excessive oratory or spouting.
outboob: To have bigger breasts than.
bespeed: To speed; cause to prosper.
beshear: To shear or shave all around; shear all over.
unproof: To undo the proofing of; expose to the possibility of failure.
unsense: To remove or deprive of the senses; cause to be insensible.
riching: present participle and gerund of rich
woading: present participle and gerund of woad
outbutt: To butt with greater force than; to best in a butting match.
surbeat: Obsolete form of surbate.
helving: present participle and gerund of helve
shindle: To cover or roof with shindles.
reshare: To share again.
unplans: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplan
replans: third-person singular simple present indicative of replan
chokest: second-person singular simple present indicative of choke
presewn: past participle of presew
presews: third-person singular simple present indicative of presew
steeked: simple past and past participle of steek
flag up: To mark for attention; to flag.
beglory: To glory in, about, or over; exult; make glorious; impart with glory; glorify.
bedrink: To drink in; drink up; drink to the fullest
bedrink: to get drunk
destash: To remove (a yarn, fabric, equipment, etc.) from one's collection.
mutined: simple past and past participle of mutine
bumrush: Alternative form of bum-rush
sparsed: simple past and past participle of sparse
chudded: simple past and past participle of chud
scourse: Obsolete form of scorse.
sleided: simple past and past participle of sleid
does it: third-person singular simple present indicative of do it
done it: past participle of do it
inblind: To produce blindness in; make blind; blind.
striken: past participle of strike
chinged: simple past and past participle of ching
slotter: To make filthy; to foul.
chirpse: To flirt with; to chat up.
sarging: present participle and gerund of sarge
humects: third-person singular simple present indicative of humect
callets: third-person singular simple present indicative of callet
skelter: To run off helter-skelter; to hurry; to scurry.
tousels: third-person singular simple present indicative of tousel
debrick: To remove bricks from a surface
debrick: To repair a malfunctioning smartphone (or similar device)
proined: simple past and past participle of proin
crunked: simple past and past participle of crunk
charing: present participle and gerund of chare
charing: present participle and gerund of char
pomping: present participle and gerund of pomp
warking: present participle and gerund of wark
sopited: simple past and past participle of sopite
feed up: To feed (a person or animal) until they are at a healthy weight.
saggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sagger
chaunge: Obsolete form of change.
sopites: third-person singular simple present indicative of sopite
deboost: To slow a spacecraft by reducing thrust, typically in order to achieve a stable orbit.
klapped: simple past and past participle of klap
jolling: present participle and gerund of jol
chowing: present participle and gerund of chow
dribbed: simple past and past participle of drib
Yankeed: simple past and past participle of Yankee
dopping: present participle and gerund of dop
triking: present participle and gerund of trike
on-road: To travel in smooth terrain on a paved track.
circing: present participle and gerund of circ
rehauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehaul
backtab: To press this key combination.
rag off: To finish (the painting of a wall etc.) by rolling a rag over a coat of paint or glaze.
slothed: simple past and past participle of sloth
frakked: simple past and past participle of frak
uncurry: To reverse the operation of currying.
farding: present participle and gerund of fard
gunzips: third-person singular simple present indicative of gunzip
conceed: Misspelling of concede.
come it: To pretend.
come it: To exaggerate.
come it: To be impudent.
come it: To succeed in a trick of any sort.
avulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of avulse
avulsed: simple past and past participle of avulse
cliqued: simple past and past participle of clique
ditting: present participle and gerund of dit
spelted: simple past and past participle of spelt
subacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of subact
unstink: to remove the stench of something
shealed: simple past and past participle of sheal
lobtail: To raise the flukes out of the water and then slap them down against the water surface.
plumpen: To make plump; to fatten.
blanken: To make or become blank
oracled: simple past and past participle of oracle
curring: present participle and gerund of curr
fickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fickle
fickled: simple past and past participle of fickle
goldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of golden
reffing: present participle and gerund of ref
sirring: present participle and gerund of sir
skiffed: simple past and past participle of skiff
rewaken: To awaken again; to rewake
scummed: simple past and past participle of scum
respins: third-person singular simple present indicative of respin
rechain: To chain again
wear up: To tire; to become tired
necroed: simple past and past participle of necro
necroes: third-person singular simple present indicative of necro
plouter: To splash around in something wet; to dabble.
plouter: To potter.
clecked: simple past and past participle of cleck
mabbled: simple past and past participle of mabble
casevac: Alternative form of CASEVAC.
sculked: simple past and past participle of sculk
skirred: simple past and past participle of skirr
becurse: To cover with curses; curse all over.
unshade: To remove a shade from.
unshade: To restore a window from its shaded (collapsed) state.
ungrabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungrab
unparse: To perform the reverse operation of parsing upon.
shoo in: To cause (a competitor) to win a fixed race.
chuffle: To produce prusten.
bechill: To effect a chill upon; give a chill to; chill all over; make chilly.
jemmied: simple past and past participle of jemmy
like of: To be pleased with.
downmix: To mix (a number of distinct audio channels) to produce a lower number of channels.
moyling: present participle and gerund of moyle
linning: present participle and gerund of lin
swincks: third-person singular simple present indicative of swinck
immould: To mould into shape; to form.
snigged: simple past and past participle of snig
steiked: simple past and past participle of steik
bebreak: To break to pieces; break completely; shatter; destroy.
websurf: To browse or peruse websites.
blinned: past participle of blin
bagsies: third-person singular simple present indicative of bagsy
amitted: simple past and past participle of amit
akilled: simple past and past participle of akill
cops on: third-person singular simple present indicative of cop on
drinkle: To drink (an alcoholic beverage); also, to cause (someone) to drink such a beverage; to drench; to drown.
drinkle: To drink an alcoholic beverage; also, to become intoxicated; to get drunk.
drinkle: To drown.
outlove: To love more than somebody else.
encheer: To cheer; to encourage.
remoted: simple past and past participle of remote
obfirms: third-person singular simple present indicative of obfirm
roisted: simple past and past participle of roist
caponed: simple past and past participle of capon
go into: To get involved in; to investigate or explore.
go into: To divide, to be a factor of.
go into: To attack; to assault physically.
go into: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, into.
move in: To start living or working in a new place; to transport one's belongings to a new home or workplace; to make one's home or workplace into a suitable environment.
move in: To bring to a new place to live.
move in: To move closer.
derping: present participle and gerund of derp
paeaned: simple past and past participle of paean.
prezone: To establish the zone into which a property will fall under zoning.
pulpify: To reduce to pulp.
shutted: simple past and past participle of shut
shrived: simple past and past participle of shrive
spinned: simple past and past participle of spin
standed: simple past and past participle of stand
shedded: simple past and past participle of shed
strided: simple past and past participle of stride
raw dog: To have sex without a condom; to bareback.
raw dog: To do an activity without protection or intermediary.
bolning: present participle and gerund of boln
shoggle: Alternative form of shoogle (“shake, rock rapidly”)
radioes: third-person singular simple present indicative of radio
hate on: To feel or act spitefully towards.
compear: To appear before.
compear: To appear before a judge in court personally or by attorney.
pickeer: To make a raid for booty; to maraud.
pickeer: To skirmish in advance of an army.
brisken: To become, or make, brisk; to hasten.
quoited: simple past and past participle of quoit
smugged: simple past and past participle of smug
congree: To agree.
testern: To present with a sixpence.
peching: present participle and gerund of pech
chirked: simple past and past participle of chirk
beclart: To besmear; bedaub; bemire; smear all over with dirt.
base on: To ground (an opinion, a conclusion, etc) on.
base on: To derive (a work) from.
excambs: third-person singular simple present indicative of excamb
coarcts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coarct
mousles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mousle
mousled: simple past and past participle of mousle
stroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of stroot
patrole: Obsolete form of patrol.
mislove: To love wrongly, insufficiently, inadequately, or imperfectly.
misrede: To advise unwisely or to bad purpose; miscounsel; misadvise.
mishold: To hold wrongly, badly, or amiss; lose hold (of); abuse; neglect.
shieing: present participle and gerund of shie
mishave: To misbehave or misconduct (oneself); do wrong.
cunding: present participle and gerund of cund
unchose: simple past of unchoose
mishope: To fail to hope (in); hope amiss; lose hope; despair.
spulzie: To plunder.
overoil: To oil too much.
gyprock: To drywall.
corvets: third-person singular simple present indicative of corvet
shailed: simple past and past participle of shail
dirting: present participle and gerund of dirt
unbrake: to stop braking, to release the brake(s)
unbrake: to release the brakes of (a car, wheel)
depower: To reduce the power of; to strip power from.
manaced: simple past and past participle of manace
numbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of numb
betties: third-person singular simple present indicative of betty
gypsied: simple past and past participle of gypsy
dodding: present participle and gerund of dod
dodding: present participle and gerund of dodd
hitchel: Alternative form of hatchel
seaning: present participle and gerund of sean
misheed: To heed amiss; fail to heed.
gipsied: simple past and past participle of gipsy
coppels: third-person singular simple present indicative of coppel
unchock: To remove the chocks from (a parked aircraft, trailer, etc.).
sodered: simple past and past participle of soder
swobbed: simple past and past participle of swob
hobanob: Archaic form of hobnob.
seateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seat
seatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seat
bouched: simple past and past participle of bouche
cantile: Alternative form of cantle
gloming: present participle and gerund of glome
brogged: simple past and past participle of brog
misgrow: To grow incorrectly or amiss.
lactify: To become milky.
lactify: To make milky.
fruiten: To make fruitful.
fruiten: To become full of fruit.
essoign: Alternative form of essoin
subtags: third-person singular simple present indicative of subtag
tousing: present participle and gerund of touse
speaned: simple past and past participle of spean
unclick: To unselect (an item) by clicking.
unclick: To undo or release a mechanism that clicks into place.
chirres: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirre
spaning: present participle and gerund of spane
tiddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tiddle
carrols: third-person singular simple present indicative of carrol (alternative form of carols)
autoran: simple past of autorun
nousled: simple past and past participle of nousle
nousles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nousle
marroon: Archaic form of maroon.
wrathed: simple past and past participle of wrath
flowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flow
adpress: Alternative form of appress
vlogged: simple past and past participle of vlog
mouthes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mouth
mouthes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mouthe
lauters: third-person singular simple present indicative of lauter
libates: third-person singular simple present indicative of libate
libated: simple past and past participle of libate
meagred: simple past and past participle of meagre
meagers: third-person singular simple present indicative of meager
swizzed: simple past and past participle of swizz
swizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swizz
colting: present participle and gerund of colt
moguled: simple past and past participle of mogul
dybbing: present participle and gerund of dyb
fainten: To make or become faint.
redying: present participle and gerund of redye
redying: present participle and gerund of redie
MiSTing: present participle and gerund of MiST
snoggle: To kiss.
peecing: present participle and gerund of peece
surfles: third-person singular simple present indicative of surfle
surfled: simple past and past participle of surfle
queeped: simple past and past participle of queep
flehmen: Alternative form of flehm
preruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of prerun
did out: simple past of do out
raisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of raise
stayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stay
stayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stay
limpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of limp
sashing: present participle and gerund of sash
devoids: third-person singular simple present indicative of devoid
misling: present participle and gerund of misle
wealing: present participle and gerund of weal
whisted: simple past and past participle of whist
embarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of embarn
archeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of arch
sossing: present participle and gerund of soss
herying: present participle and gerund of herye
feoffed: simple past and past participle of feoff
destage: To asynchronously write new or updated data from a cache or nonvolatile storage to a direct access storage device.
rebites: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebite
herried: simple past and past participle of herry
herries: third-person singular simple present indicative of herry
reboxed: simple past and past participle of rebox
reboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebox
spurged: simple past and past participle of spurge
champoo: Dated form of shampoo.
folioed: simple past and past participle of folio
northed: simple past and past participle of north
empaled: simple past and past participle of empale
nursled: simple past and past participle of nursle
maculed: simple past and past participle of macule
dusketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of dusk
wardest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ward
wardeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ward
flisked: simple past and past participle of flisk
miraged: simple past and past participle of mirage
probeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of probe
aunswer: Obsolete form of answer.
whurred: simple past and past participle of whur
woodify: To become wood, or woodlike.
riggled: simple past and past participle of riggle
disuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of disuse
snorest: second-person singular simple present indicative of snore
snoreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of snore
rimples: third-person singular simple present indicative of rimple
sessing: present participle and gerund of sess
waiveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of waive
flyblew: simple past of flyblow
sything: present participle and gerund of sythe
danking: present participle and gerund of dank
outkill: To kill more than.
choring: present participle and gerund of chore
expedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of expede
decrust: To remove the crust from.
hypping: present participle and gerund of hyp
exudeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exude
uplight: To light up, illuminate.
uplight: To illuminate from below.
loop in: To include in communications about something; to keep informed about something.
deemeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of deem
deemest: second-person singular simple present indicative of deem
fodders: third-person singular simple present indicative of fodder
serging: present participle and gerund of serge
stuping: present participle and gerund of stupe
aviewed: simple past and past participle of aview
gloamed: simple past and past participle of gloam
pugging: present participle and gerund of pug
lapseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lapse
slopeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slope
alotted: Misspelling of allotted.
lostest: second-person singular simple past indicative of lose
steened: simple past and past participle of steen
Jossing: present participle and gerund of Joss
querned: simple past and past participle of quern
twiring: present participle and gerund of twire
poinded: simple past and past participle of poind
repewed: simple past and past participle of repew
sisting: present participle and gerund of sist
leazing: present participle and gerund of leaze
gildeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gild
gildest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gild
roining: present participle and gerund of roin
miscook: To cook badly or incorrectly.
prolled: simple past and past participle of proll
smittle: To infect.
fremish: To shiver or shudder.
pitieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pity
pitiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pity
prigged: simple past and past participle of prig
coteach: To teach pupils with special educational needs alongside those without.
coteach: To teach in collaboration with another teacher.
rameish: to talk nonsense, talk idly
gecking: present participle and gerund of geck
feazing: present participle and gerund of feaze
cheaped: simple past and past participle of cheap
bevoice: To give voice to; endow with a voice.
melt up: Of the price of a security, to increase to an unexpected degree.
rebreed: To breed again.
becking: present participle and gerund of beck
cullied: simple past and past participle of cully
mocketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of mock
mockest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mock
roameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of roam
pasquin: To lampoon or satirize.
stiving: present participle and gerund of stive
recrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of recrew
reassay: To assay again.
cathing: present participle and gerund of cath
unplonk: To cease ignoring (a blocked user on a newsgroup, etc.).
bescare: To fill with fright; scare all over; scare completely; terrify.
sold on: simple past and past participle of sell on
have in: To allow in; grant permission or admittance to; invite in or over; admit.
downlit: simple past and past participle of downlight
reheels: third-person singular simple present indicative of reheel
recalcs: third-person singular simple present indicative of recalc
begrasp: To grasp around or about; grasp firmly, fully, or completely; apprehend.
bedutch: To Germanise.
bedutch: To make Dutch, or make like Dutch; Dutchify.
swedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of swedge
pooters: third-person singular simple present indicative of pooter
flobber: To sag and wobble.
refired: simple past and past participle of refire
refires: third-person singular simple present indicative of refire
twidled: simple past and past participle of twidle
twidles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twidle
hoppled: simple past and past participle of hopple
vaguing: present participle and gerund of vague
mergeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of merge
fitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fit
saileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sail
valueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of value
amazest: second-person singular simple present indicative of amaze
tingeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tinge
goadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of goad
gleying: present participle and gerund of gley
gleiing: present participle and gerund of glei
sinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of sink
breweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brew
ringeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ring
yawneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of yawn
yelleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of yell
decrumb: To remove the crumbs from.
fawneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fawn
purgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of purge
abuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abuse
landeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of land
amuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of amuse
amusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of amuse
abusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of abuse
darneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of darn
kicketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of kick
damneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of damn
linketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of link
dammeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dam
cooleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cool
buzzeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of buzz
busieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of busy
handeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hand
peepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of peep
blameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blame
toileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of toil
quaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of quake
penneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pen
nappied: simple past and past participle of nappy
navvied: simple past and past participle of navvy
bribeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bribe
ploweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of plow
grazeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of graze
weaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of weave
flayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flay
flareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flare
shaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shave
signeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sign
foldeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fold
peeleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of peel
chimeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chime
parteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of part
retaxed: simple past and past participle of retax
retaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retax
embliss: Alternative form of enbliss
enbliss: To endue or fill with bliss; impart bliss to; make happy.
steemed: simple past and past participle of steem
boileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of boil
waileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wail
tippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tip
hurleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurl
naileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of nail
gorgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gorge
seepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seep
soaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of soak
rolleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of roll
slideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slide
bolteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bolt
pusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of push
spiceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spice
lasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of last
sappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sap
solveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of solve
rotteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rot
forgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of forge
smoketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoke
shapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shape
placeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of place
re-form: Alternative spelling of reform
misseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of miss
bassing: present participle and gerund of bass
uniteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of unite
gauding: present participle and gerund of gaud
coalign: To align together.
gloweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glow
welleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of well
unshots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshot
delveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of delve
repiped: simple past and past participle of repipe
rouseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rouse
repipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of repipe
minceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mince
blazeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blaze
noiseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of noise
beggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of beg
packeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pack
picketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of pick
priceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of price
pecketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of peck
copieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of copy
tendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tend
tradeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trade
pieceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of piece
mismail: To mail incorrectly; to send (a letter etc.) to the wrong place.
wetteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wet
evadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of evade
gaineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gain
spin up: To reach a sufficient spinning speed for reads and writes to take place.
spin up: To power up, launch, or instantiate.
spin up: To fabricate.
undoeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of undo
cloyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloy
suppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sup
summeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sum
graceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grace
chafeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chafe
ruineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruin
pealeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of peal
sealeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seal
boometh: third-person singular simple present indicative of boom
costeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cost
warpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of warp
echoeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of echo
darteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dart
doometh: third-person singular simple present indicative of doom
batheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bath
batheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bathe
warreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of war
avoweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of avow
seizeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seize
dawneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawn
weaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wean
serened: simple past and past participle of serene
fisheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fish
defieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of defy
doggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog
tilteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tilt
stareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stare
ensueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensue
begrace: To address (one) as "Grace".
begrace: To grace or endue with grace; begift; endow.
ovalize: Of a circle, to become stretched out in one direction, thereby becoming an oval.
ungrace: To undo or remove grace; render grace ineffective; make ungraceful or ungracious.
hollaed: simple past and past participle of holla
croweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crow
suiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of suit
hoppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hop
ranketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of rank
veileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of veil
reclips: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclip
reclamp: To clamp again.
resoaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of resoak
teaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tease
nippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of nip
slaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of slake
hasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of haste
storeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of store
dimmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dim
rocketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of rock
staketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stake
eraseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of erase
hipping: present participle and gerund of hip
styleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of style
inureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of inure
gaugeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gauge
tosseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of toss
combeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of comb
leaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of leak
kything: present participle and gerund of kythe
iodined: simple past and past participle of iodine
trigged: simple past and past participle of trig
chupses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chupse
chupsed: simple past and past participle of chupse
drapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drape
hocuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hocus
sloweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slow
hooteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoot
bust up: To physically damage or ruin
bust up: To break up (end a relationship).
tolleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of toll
reareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rear
obverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of obvert
braceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brace
recures: third-person singular simple present indicative of recure
traceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trace
clip it: To move swiftly.
paid-up: Alternative form of paid up
drabbed: simple past and past participle of drab
heedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of heed
paid up: simple past and past participle of pay up
iotated: simple past and past participle of iotate
regurge: To throw up or vomit; to eject what has previously been swallowed.
rendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rend
unslept: simple past and past participle of unsleep
beateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of beat
vesteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vest
nesteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of nest
galleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gall
reineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rein
elateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of elate
espieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of espy
haileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hail
speweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spew
hooketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of hook
howleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of howl
coileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of coil
booteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of boot
stooled: simple past and past participle of stool
keep in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see keep, in.
keep in: to require a pupil to stay after school as a punishment
keep in: to stay blazing (of a fire)
keep in: to cause (a fire) to stay blazing
reglues: third-person singular simple present indicative of reglue
reglued: simple past and past participle of reglue
boloing: present participle and gerund of bolo
sighest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sigh
sigheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sigh
dulleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dull
barketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of bark
windeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wind
tappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tap
whineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of whine
risketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of risk
negrify: To negroize.
unspits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspit
spoking: present participle and gerund of spoke
tasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of taste
theeing: present participle and gerund of thee
acetise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of acetize.
acidise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of acidize.
becrawl: To crawl about; crawl all over.
forebuy: To buy beforehand; accept or receive in advance.
chammed: simple past and past participle of cham
reabuse: To abuse again.
hielded: simple past and past participle of hield
Zionise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Zionize.
Zuluise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Zuluize.
jillick: To skip or skim a stone across water.
bevomit: To vomit upon; vomit all over.
bewatch: To keep watch over; guard; observe.
reedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reedit
betrack: To trace or track carefully.
betrump: To deceive; cheat.
betrump: To elude; slip from.
reëvoke: Evoke again.
demated: simple past and past participle of demate
demates: third-person singular simple present indicative of demate
barning: present participle and gerund of barn
glibbed: simple past and past participle of glib
voideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of void
voiceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of voice
glareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glare
jeereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of jeer
spooged: simple past and past participle of spooge
musking: present participle and gerund of musk
mendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mend
baiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bait
gooding: present participle and gerund of good
balketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of balk
assagay: Archaic form of assegai.
reperch: To perch again.
deperch: To leave a perch.
stanked: simple past and past participle of stank
harmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of harm
coaxeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of coax
sliceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slice
sorteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sort
patteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pat
dowried: simple past and past participle of dowry
foresay: To say beforehand; predict; foretell.
foresay: To decree; ordain; appoint.
b'lieve: Pronunciation spelling of believe.
unbales: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbale
wedgied: simple past and past participle of wedgie
unbaled: simple past and past participle of unbale
compted: simple past and past participle of compt
bemauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemaul
doinked: simple past and past participle of doink
beshape: To give shape to; form.
slaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slave
pawneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pawn
rhymeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rhyme
beddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bed
hitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hit
heaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of heave
rangeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of range
push it: To make an extraordinary or risky effort; to behave in a way which tests the limits; to expect too much.
yerning: present participle and gerund of yern
surgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of surge
mozying: present participle and gerund of mozy
gladded: simple past and past participle of glad
footeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of foot
chevied: simple past and past participle of chevy
snelled: simple past and past participle of snell
Twitter: To tweet; to post an update to Twitter.
vocodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vocode
mug off: To cheat, swindle, dupe
shadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shade
peaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of peak
sippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sip
rebrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebrew
realter: To alter again.
rapting: present participle and gerund of rapt
twineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of twine
swaller: Pronunciation spelling of swallow.
swaling: present participle and gerund of swale
prebait: To offer unpoisoned bait to animals to attract them before introducing poison.
naysaid: simple past and past participle of naysay
naysays: third-person singular simple present indicative of naysay
leereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of leer
halveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of halve
reeleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of reel
thaweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of thaw
exileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exile
shpritz: Alternative spelling of spritz
ciswash: To ignore, deny, or minimize the gender identity of a trans person or trans people, or the role that a trans person or trans people played in an event.
carpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of carp
reblast: To blast again.
gnaweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnaw
jarreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of jar
wringed: simple past and past participle of wring
claweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of claw
reclass: To place into a different class or category; to recategorize.
reclear: To clear again.
raiming: present participle and gerund of raim
deramps: third-person singular simple present indicative of deramp
yeasaid: simple past and past participle of yeasay
loaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of loan
hagging: present participle and gerund of hag
yeasays: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeasay
conturb: To disturb or perturb greatly.
progged: simple past and past participle of prog
reamend: To amend again.
seedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seed
peeketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of peek
chidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chide
chideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chide
issueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of issue
tomming: present participle and gerund of tom
fouleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of foul
nighing: present participle and gerund of nigh
untruck: To unload from a truck.
espiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of espy
wintled: simple past and past participle of wintle
statted: simple past and past participle of stat
poiseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of poise
sock in: To cause a temporary disruption of the operations of, usually an airport.
bemadam: To call by the title of madam.
demakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of demake
abaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abase
scareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scare
hending: present participle and gerund of hend
refuged: simple past and past participle of refuge
swayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sway
chutter: To make an alarm call of this kind.
enspell: To bewitch with a magic spell; to charm.
mindeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mind
foileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of foil
camrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of camrip
delurks: third-person singular simple present indicative of delurk
an hero: To commit suicide.
bluiter: Alternative form of blooter
peptize: To disperse in a medium so as to form a colloidal solution.
dasheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dash
daubeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of daub
marreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mar
posteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of post
rioteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of riot
spaketh: alternative third-person singular past of speak
decketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of deck
sobbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sob
salteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of salt
nutrify: To supply nutrients to.
summate: To sum, add up; perform a summation.
summate: To sum up, summarise.
rewipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewipe
rewiped: simple past and past participle of rewipe
reranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerank
rubbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rub
teepeed: simple past and past participle of teepee
hatedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of hate
copiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of copy
tollest: second-person singular simple present indicative of toll
echoest: second-person singular simple present indicative of echo
peckest: second-person singular simple present indicative of peck
reelest: second-person singular simple present indicative of reel
defiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of defy
slidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slide
brewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brew
purgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of purge
swayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sway
waivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of waive
foldest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fold
kickest: second-person singular simple present indicative of kick
placest: second-person singular simple present indicative of place
hurlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hurl
weavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of weave
wailest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wail
foilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of foil
toilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of toil
avowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of avow
stylest: second-person singular simple present indicative of style
willest: second-person singular simple present indicative of will
grazest: second-person singular simple present indicative of graze
vestest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vest
flarest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flare
gnawest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gnaw
boilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of boil
scarest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scare
stakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stake
tossest: second-person singular simple present indicative of toss
footest: second-person singular simple present indicative of foot
rainest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rain
sobbest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sob
daubest: second-person singular simple present indicative of daub
leakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of leak
soakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of soak
reinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rein
listest: second-person singular simple present indicative of list
fishest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fish
mendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mend
seizest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seize
flayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flay
linkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of link
jumpest: second-person singular simple present indicative of jump
suppest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sup
smokest: second-person singular simple present indicative of smoke
nailest: second-person singular simple present indicative of nail
yawnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of yawn
veilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of veil
slakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slake
loanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of loan
slayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slay
unitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of unite
handest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hand
blazest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blaze
buzzest: second-person singular simple present indicative of buzz
pantest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pant
heapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of heap
noisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of noise
moanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of moan
sealest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seal
dawnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dawn
voidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of void
tingest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tinge
glarest: second-person singular simple present indicative of glare
evadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of evade
roamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of roam
shakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shake
jeerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of jeer
gallest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gall
mergest: second-person singular simple present indicative of merge
poisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of poise
drapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drape
heavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of heave
blamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blame
tiltest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tilt
pickest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pick
gaugest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gauge
abasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of abase
pawnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pawn
crowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crow
ruinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ruin
slavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slave
chafest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chafe
solvest: second-person singular simple present indicative of solve
rockest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rock
undoest: second-person singular simple present indicative of undo
surgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of surge
sailest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sail
shapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shape
sinnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sin
dammest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dam
puffest: second-person singular simple present indicative of puff
clawest: second-person singular simple present indicative of claw
fawnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fawn
heedest: second-person singular simple present indicative of heed
teasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tease
gorgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gorge
coaxest: second-person singular simple present indicative of coax
rottest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rot
harmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of harm
abatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of abate
paineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pain
storest: second-person singular simple present indicative of store
lickest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lick
painest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pain
delvest: second-person singular simple present indicative of delve
pealest: second-person singular simple present indicative of peal
valuest: second-person singular simple present indicative of value
issuest: second-person singular simple present indicative of issue
peepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of peep
sappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sap
glowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of glow
shavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shave
rangest: second-person singular simple present indicative of range
rangest: second-person singular simple past indicative of ring
dartest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dart
snowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of snow
ensuest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ensue
voicest: second-person singular simple present indicative of voice
foamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of foam
beggest: second-person singular simple present indicative of beg
suitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of suit
pattest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pat
riotest: second-person singular simple present indicative of riot
rousest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rouse
spewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spew
weanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wean
seedest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seed
enviest: second-person singular simple present indicative of envy
signest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sign
cloyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cloy
tappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tap
combest: second-person singular simple present indicative of comb
scoreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of score
shadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shade
forgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of forge
hookest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hook
ceasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cease
rubbest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rub
bribest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bribe
peerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of peer
loadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of load
rhymest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rhyme
warpest: second-person singular simple present indicative of warp
carpest: second-person singular simple present indicative of carp
termest: second-person singular simple present indicative of term
doggest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dog
sippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sip
twinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of twine
warrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of war
dippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dip
marrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mar
tracest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trace
termeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of term
doomest: second-person singular simple present indicative of doom
gracest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grace
howlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of howl
tendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tend
hastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of haste
beatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of beat
beatest: second-person singular simple past indicative of beat
missest: second-person singular simple present indicative of miss
gainest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gain
hoppest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hop
exilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of exile
sensest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sense
boltest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bolt
senseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sense
hangest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hang
riskest: second-person singular simple present indicative of risk
formest: second-person singular simple present indicative of form
drivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drive
baitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bait
tradest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trade
starest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stare
pennest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pen
bathest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bath
bathest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bathe
peelest: second-person singular simple present indicative of peel
lastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of last
whinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of whine
rendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rend
costest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cost
costest: second-person singular simple past indicative of cost
balkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of balk
betteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bet
besteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of best
beddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bed
hootest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hoot
goadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of goad
barkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bark
dashest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dash
bracest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brace
plowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of plow
erasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of erase
partest: second-person singular simple present indicative of part
mindest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mind
enshure: Misspelling of ensure.
asshure: Obsolete form of assure.
inshure: Eye dialect spelling of insure.
respeck: Pronunciation spelling of respect.
scaleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scale
scalest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scale
nutated: simple past and past participle of nutate
nutates: third-person singular simple present indicative of nutate
dockise: Alternative form of dockize
inwrapt: simple past and past participle of inwrap
inwraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwrap
dockize: To convert (an area of water) into a dock, by excluding the tide with a dam.
infamed: simple past and past participle of infame
uncasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncask
wairing: present participle and gerund of wair
dry lab: Alternative spelling of dry-lab
founden: past participle of find
swisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of swiss
swissed: simple past and past participle of swiss
terping: present participle and gerund of terp
emplant: Archaic form of implant.
fibrise: Non-Oxford British English spelling of fibrize (alternative form of fiberize).
fibrize: Alternative form of fiberize.
retasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of retask
chanked: simple past and past participle of chank
rebatch: To process (an unsatisfactory batch of soap etc.) again, in order to add new ingredients.
webizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of webize
uptalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptalk
vacking: present participle and gerund of vac
inboxed: simple past and past participle of inbox
wuffled: simple past and past participle of wuffle
tip-toe: Alternative spelling of tiptoe
wuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wuffle
letched: simple past and past participle of letch
dub out: To fill out, as an uneven surface, to a plane, or to carry out a series of small projections.
sue out: To petition for and take out, or to apply for and obtain.
peck at: To attack with repeatedly soft blows (physically or otherwise)
peck at: To unenthusiastically and in small bites.
fag out: To become untwisted or frayed, as the end of a rope, or the edge of canvas.
fag out: To come on as a fielder at the behest of a senior student in British schools.
rethank: To thank again.
tropify: To make a trope.
tropify: Alternative form of trope
re-runs: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-run
enquote: To place in quotation marks.
missets: third-person singular simple present indicative of misset
scutter: To void thin excrement.
scutter: To run with a light pattering noise; to skitter.
rathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of rather
autofit: To fit automatically by resizing.
sweares: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweare
thankes: third-person singular simple present indicative of thanke
wussify: To make weak and ineffectual.
velcome: Pronunciation spelling of welcome.
sploosh: To make a heavy splashing sound.
tallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of tallow
sleazed: simple past and past participle of sleaze
deceave: Obsolete form of deceive.
receave: Obsolete form of receive.
reimbue: To imbue again.
modemed: simple past and past participle of modem
rag out: To dress up.
thinged: simple past and past participle of thing
inwrote: simple past of inwrite
got wet: simple past of get wet
sturred: simple past and past participle of stur
unarced: simple past and past participle of unarc
twocked: simple past and past participle of twoc
beclown: To make a fool of.
ninja'd: simple past and past participle of ninja
decored: simple past and past participle of decore
bettest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bet
skolled: simple past and past participle of skol
overrev: To rev (an engine or vehicle) too much.
do want: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see do, want.
sedding: present participle and gerund of sed
Skyping: present participle and gerund of Skype
dwarfen: To make or become dwarfed.
dwarfen: To dwarf.
pork up: To grow fat.
pork up: To add spending, especially targeted spending, to legislation in order to get votes for it (see pork-barrel).
resuing: present participle and gerund of resue
bedoing: present participle and gerund of bedo
jobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jobble
jobbled: simple past and past participle of jobble
sweeped: simple past and past participle of sweep
teazing: present participle and gerund of teaze
defease: To annul or render void a contract or stipulation; to abrogate.
outcool: To surpass in cool; to be more cool (hip, fashionable, etc.) than.
ma'amed: simple past and past participle of ma'am
transl.: Abbreviation of translate.
swarten: to make swart, dark, or swarty; darken
swarten: to become dark; darken
bravoed: simple past and past participle of bravo
bynamed: simple past and past participle of byname
falsing: present participle and gerund of false
unracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrack
pinkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of pinken
poohing: present participle and gerund of pooh
humphed: simple past and past participle of humph
coshing: present participle and gerund of cosh
rem out: To temporarily disable (a portion of source code) by converting it into a comment.
talcing: present participle and gerund of talc
charm'd: simple past and past participle of charm
alter'd: simple past and past participle of alter
order'd: simple past and past participle of order
reach'd: simple past and past participle of reach
scorn'd: simple past and past participle of scorn
dropp'd: simple past and past participle of drop
watch'd: simple past and past participle of watch
rebraid: To braid again.
swell'd: simple past and past participle of swell
enjoy'd: simple past and past participle of enjoy
pleas'd: simple past and past participle of please
stain'd: simple past and past participle of stain
call'st: Obsolete form of callest.
know'st: Obsolete form of knowest.
seem'st: Obsolete form of seemest.
mean'st: Obsolete form of meanest.
gruffed: simple past and past participle of gruff
seek'st: Obsolete form of seekest.
look'st: Obsolete form of lookest.
need'st: Obsolete form of needst.
chang'd: simple past and past participle of change
hear'st: Obsolete form of hearest.
dream'd: simple past and past participle of dream
pluck'd: simple past and past participle of pluck
keep'st: Obsolete form of keepest.
dispell: Obsolete spelling of dispel
reknots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reknot
rodeoed: simple past and past participle of rodeo
reshoed: simple past and past participle of reshoe
reshoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshoe
uncinch: To loosen (a saddle, a belt, etc.).
gundeck: Synonym of pencil whip (“to falsify records to suggest that work has been done”)
rehooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehook
restuff: To stuff again.
rebolts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebolt
coffeed: simple past and past participle of coffee
recombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of recomb
whuffle: To make a low snuffling or blowing sound.
unclamp: To remove a clamp from.
gettin': Pronunciation spelling of getting.
snitzed: simple past and past participle of snitz
snitzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snitz
talcums: third-person singular simple present indicative of talcum
lovedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of love
likedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of like
whoofed: simple past and past participle of whoof
loudens: third-person singular simple present indicative of louden
sirened: simple past and past participle of siren
drawest: second-person singular simple present indicative of draw
briding: present participle and gerund of bride
demures: third-person singular simple present indicative of demure
demured: simple past and past participle of demure
halooed: simple past and past participle of haloo
yoohoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of yoohoo
thoiled: simple past and past participle of thoil
woggled: simple past and past participle of woggle
respace: To space again, or by a different amount.
amidate: To subject to an amidation reaction.
sendin': Pronunciation spelling of sending.
burnin': Pronunciation spelling of burning.
growin': Pronunciation spelling of growing.
waitin': Pronunciation spelling of waiting.
needin': Pronunciation spelling of needing.
kickin': Pronunciation spelling of kicking.
keepin': Pronunciation spelling of keeping.
showin': Pronunciation spelling of showing.
workin': Pronunciation spelling of working.
dancin': Pronunciation spelling of dancing.
foolin': Pronunciation spelling of fooling.
feelin': Pronunciation spelling of feeling.
rambolt: To fire or fix such a fastening.
grieven: To make or become grievous or grief-stricken; to fill or be filled with grief
hit off: To describe with quick characteristic strokes.
feezing: present participle and gerund of feeze
prizest: second-person singular simple present indicative of prize
prizeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of prize
unbores: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbore
tail in: To fasten by one of the ends into a wall or some other support.
outslut: Alternative form of out-slut
starin': Pronunciation spelling of staring.
settin': Pronunciation spelling of setting.
smokin': Pronunciation spelling of smoking.
holdin': Pronunciation spelling of holding.
pushin': Pronunciation spelling of pushing.
lettin': Pronunciation spelling of letting.
reracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerack
unadded: simple past and past participle of unadd
gulp up: To vomit
gulp up: To consume
box off: To turn the head of a vessel either way by bracing the headyards aback.
box off: To enclose an area and separate it from a larger area by surrounding it in walls.
cookin': Pronunciation spelling of cooking.
headin': Pronunciation spelling of heading.
cuttin': Pronunciation spelling of cutting.
beggin': Pronunciation spelling of begging.
hittin': Pronunciation spelling of hitting.
yellin': Pronunciation spelling of yelling.
jumpin': Pronunciation spelling of jumping.
diggin': Pronunciation spelling of digging.
shakin': Pronunciation spelling of shaking.
wastin': Pronunciation spelling of wasting.
ooohing: present participle and gerund of oooh
pullin': Pronunciation spelling of pulling.
hearin': Pronunciation spelling of hearing.
followe: Obsolete spelling of follow
snirtle: To snigger
alieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of alieve
alieved: simple past and past participle of alieve
winkled: simple past and past participle of winkle
obesify: To become or to make obese
fall to: To enter into or begin an activity, especially with enthusiasm or commitment and especially in regard to the activities of eating or drinking.
word it: To bandy words; to dispute.
manding: present participle and gerund of mand
tacting: present participle and gerund of tact
kraaled: simple past and past participle of kraal
toe out: To have the toes of each foot, in standing or walking, incline from the other foot.
wincest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wince
repoing: present participle and gerund of repo
peacing: present participle and gerund of peace
unhexed: simple past and past participle of unhex
unhexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhex
chivved: simple past and past participle of chiv
culched: simple past and past participle of culch
frauded: simple past and past participle of fraud
heezing: present participle and gerund of heeze
hoboing: present participle and gerund of hobo
hicking: present participle and gerund of hick
inspans: third-person singular simple present indicative of inspan
unhunch: To release from a hunched position.
soodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of soodle
soodled: simple past and past participle of soodle
maunded: simple past and past participle of maund
naaiing: present participle and gerund of naai
keep to: To adhere strictly to; not to neglect or deviate from.
pabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pabble
pabbled: simple past and past participle of pabble
resails: third-person singular simple present indicative of resail
revoted: simple past and past participle of revote
stimied: simple past and past participle of stimy
stogged: simple past and past participle of stog
snebbed: simple past and past participle of sneb
stodged: simple past and past participle of stodge
sudates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sudate
sudated: simple past and past participle of sudate
titring: present participle and gerund of titre
uppiled: simple past and past participle of uppile
uppiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of uppile
upbinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbind
uphangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphang
indef'd: Alternative spelling of indeffed
appeard: Obsolete spelling of appeared
unfolde: Obsolete spelling of unfold
assaile: Obsolete spelling of assail
strooke: Obsolete form of struck.
answere: Obsolete spelling of answer
forbare: simple past of forbear
reconds: third-person singular simple present indicative of recond
garring: present participle and gerund of gar
debleat: To devocalize (a goat).
Maorify: To make (more) Maori.
commest: Alternative form of comest
toshing: present participle and gerund of tosh
forstaa: Alternative spelling of forsta
forstaw: Alternative spelling of forsta
forstas: third-person singular simple present indicative of forsta
depuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of depuff
toprope: Alternative form of top-rope
helloed: simple past and past participle of hello
polying: present participle and gerund of poly
mitosed: simple past and past participle of mitose
schwitz: Alternative spelling of shvitz
hold in: To keep something to oneself; to prevent from escaping.
hold in: To restrain oneself.
fafiate: To (cause to) exit fandom and become inactive in fandom activity due to other obligations.
misnote: To note incorrectly.
furtled: simple past and past participle of furtle
frogger: To dodge traffic while navigating across a busy road.
scriked: simple past and past participle of scrike
bestock: to stock; furnish
besteer: To guide; pilot; direct.
besteer: To steer; govern; control.
filthen: To cover with filth; besmut; besmirch; make filthy.
scrikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrike
smoffed: simple past and past participle of smof
fonning: present participle and gerund of fon
selfied: simple past and past participle of selfie
ethnize: To make ethnic; to imbue with ethnic ties.
craking: present participle and gerund of crake
rudding: present participle and gerund of rud
gain on: To encroach on.
gain on: To obtain influence with.
gain on: To win ground upon; to move faster than, as in a race or contest.
gain on: To get the better of; to have the advantage of.
one-ups: third-person singular simple present indicative of one-up
dammish: to stun, to stupefy
tinders: third-person singular simple present indicative of tinder
befound: simple past and past participle of befind
befinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of befind
sped up: simple past and past participle of speed up
tuxying: present participle and gerund of tuxy
buzz in: To open a remote-controlled door to allow (a person) to enter after sounding the doorbell or buzzer.
deaning: present participle and gerund of dean
pidging: present participle and gerund of pidge
sharted: simple past and past participle of shart
highers: third-person singular simple present indicative of higher
croggle: To shock so much as to cause brief paralysis; to stun; to startle.
croggle: To be shocked or stunned in this fashion.
spredde: Obsolete form of spread.
peented: simple past and past participle of peent
hmphing: present participle and gerund of hmph
exotify: To treat as exotic.
boobied: simple past and past participle of booby
egoscan: To quickly search a publication for one's name.
kinkled: simple past and past participle of kinkle
germing: present participle and gerund of germ
reutter: To utter again.
desyncs: third-person singular simple present indicative of desync
resynch: Alternative form of resync
desynch: Alternative form of desync
immuned: simple past and past participle of immune
dacking: present participle and gerund of dack
silking: present participle and gerund of silk
desilks: third-person singular simple present indicative of desilk
violing: present participle and gerund of viol
illuded: simple past and past participle of illude
quicked: simple past and past participle of quick
upspoke: simple past of upspeak
upspake: simple past of upspeak
outcons: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcon
cronked: simple past and past participle of cronk
detreat: To reverse the treatment of.
boguing: present participle and gerund of bogue
wussing: present participle and gerund of wuss
redream: To dream again.
vagging: present participle and gerund of vag
hongied: simple past and past participle of hongi
loiding: present participle and gerund of loid
promoed: simple past and past participle of promo
explane: Obsolete form of explain.
unshars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshar
desouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of desoul
gladens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gladen
negrofy: To make negro.
relatch: To latch again
velcros: third-person singular simple present indicative of velcro
beering: present participle and gerund of beer
glammed: simple past and past participle of glam
seckill: to kill an enemy within seconds
niching: present participle and gerund of niche
gooshed: simple past and past participle of goosh
gooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of goosh
chroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of chroot
rawking: present participle and gerund of rawk
skeined: simple past and past participle of skein
sabered: simple past and past participle of saber
knicked: simple past and past participle of knick
drunked: simple past and past participle of drink
thinkst: second-person singular simple present indicative of think
thinkes: third-person singular simple present indicative of think
creping: present participle and gerund of crepe
gunking: present participle and gerund of gunk
retucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of retuck
braggle: Alternative form of broggle
halaled: simple past and past participle of halal
whooing: present participle and gerund of whoo
easying: present participle and gerund of easy
inlayed: simple past and past participle of inlay
dapping: present participle and gerund of dap
nobbing: present participle and gerund of nob
snailed: simple past and past participle of snail
resined: simple past and past participle of resin
winneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of win
lazying: present participle and gerund of lazy
donging: present participle and gerund of dong
blowdry: Alternative form of blow-dry
blonded: simple past and past participle of blond
blonded: simple past and past participle of blonde
sperged: simple past and past participle of sperg
gubbing: present participle and gerund of gub
run dry: To become dry; to cease to flow with water.
run dry: To run out; to be fully consumed; to expire.
dawbing: present participle and gerund of dawb
smaaked: simple past and past participle of smaak
tocking: present participle and gerund of tock
is born: third-person singular simple present indicative of be born
Sunnify: To make Sunni, or to increase the Sunni character of.
cork it: To be quiet; to shut up.
mutexed: simple past and past participle of mutex
depacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of depack
gymming: present participle and gerund of gym
ran hot: simple past of run hot
run hot: To produce excessive heat while operating.
run hot: To run ahead of schedule.
unlimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlimb
updives: third-person singular simple present indicative of updive
updived: simple past and past participle of updive
inflood: Of a river, water, etc.: to flood or flow into (a place).
inflood: To flood or flow in; to inflow.
yfought: past participle of fight
æstuate: Obsolete spelling of estuate
outcode: To surpass in computer programming ability.
misweds: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswed
spooges: third-person singular simple present indicative of spooge
desighn: Misspelling of design.
shrithe: To move; to proceed; to creep, roam, wander.
bawwing: present participle and gerund of baww
grigged: simple past and past participle of grig
piggled: simple past and past participle of piggle
fliered: simple past and past participle of flier
envowel: to replace a portion of a person's name with a dash in printing, in order to avoid libel.
clitted: past participle of clit
unjudge: To remove the judiciary office from (an individual); unseat.
unjudge: To undo or remove the judgement from.
ate ass: simple past of eat ass
eat ass: To perform anilingus.
Shi'ify: To make Shiite, or to increase the Shia character of.
arguest: second-person singular simple present indicative of argue
argueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of argue
eats up: third-person singular simple present indicative of eat up
britted: simple past and past participle of brit
incests: third-person singular simple present indicative of incest
fauched: simple past and past participle of fauch
kegeled: simple past and past participle of kegel
bescrub: To scrub around or about; scrub completely or all over.
misland: To land wrongly, incorrectly, or amiss.
hotplug: To plug in (a device) while the system is turned on and running.
destaff: To divest of staff or employees.
namefag: To reveal one's identity or have one's identity revealed.
rechips: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechip
relamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of relamp
remends: third-person singular simple present indicative of remend
lip off: To speak rudely, harshly or belligerently.
besmirk: To besmirch; sully; befoul.
land up: To end up; to arrive or result, especially if it is not planned.
legered: simple past and past participle of leger
upstirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstir
skyting: present participle and gerund of skyte
unplace: To remove from one's place; displace.
booging: present participle and gerund of boog
read in: To accept as input.
read in: To allow access to classified information.
ychased: past participle of chase
brohoof: To fist bump a fellow brony.
rodding: present participle and gerund of rod
varizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of varize
acrazed: simple past and past participle of acraze
acrazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of acraze
adaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adaunt
adulted: simple past and past participle of adult
afforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of afform
warezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of warez
bemeant: simple past and past participle of bemean ("to mean, signify, inform")
nerdify: to make or render nerdy
Bunbury: To practice Bunburying.
Sunnise: Alternative spelling of Sunnize
sunnize: Alternative letter-case form of Sunnize
Shi'ize: To make Shi'ite.
Sunnize: To make or become Sunni
Sufizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Sufize
Sufized: simple past and past participle of Sufize
steaked: simple past and past participle of steak
zionify: To increase the Zionistic nature of.
varting: present participle and gerund of vart
jihaded: simple past and past participle of jihad
ungilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungild
shurrup: Shut up.
microed: simple past and past participle of micro
wheeple: To whistle.
troking: present participle and gerund of troke
danders: third-person singular simple present indicative of dander
Omanize: To make Omani
Omanise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Omanize.
takfirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of takfir
destain: To remove a chemical stain from.
destain: To lose a chemical stain.
worlded: simple past and past participle of world
Iranify: Iranianize
denayed: simple past and past participle of denay
gonking: present participle and gerund of gonk
memrize: Pronunciation spelling of memorize, representing dialectal English.
exprest: simple past and past participle of express
apahack: To write and create apazines for one or more amateur press associations.
blahing: present participle and gerund of blah
blithen: To make glad or blithe; gladden.
blithen: To become glad or blithe; gladden.
manging: present participle and gerund of mang
wapping: present participle and gerund of wap
unleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlead
unvoice: devoice
unprime: To take out of a state of readiness.
endarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of endart
deleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of delead
jollify: To make jolly.
jollify: To engage in jollification; to carouse.
sell up: To sell one's business or other major asset (such as a home).
sell up: To sell all (of the assets of a company or person), in order to reduce its debts or gain liquid money.
sell up: To upsell.
bosting: present participle and gerund of bost
begalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of begall
befroze: simple past of befreeze
pesoize: To express in the currency of pesos; to convert to pesos.
banzais: third-person singular simple present indicative of banzai
retrade: To trade again.
gegging: present participle and gerund of geg
gegging: present participle and gerund of gegg
outskis: third-person singular simple present indicative of outski
outbake: To surpass in baking; to bake better than.
outbake: To heat (equipment) at low pressure to remove adsorbed gas from surfaces.
repower: to power with more energy
do well: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see do, well.
do well: To take the prudent approach; to be advised.
do well: To benefit, to favour.
do well: To succeed; to flourish.
Turkify: To assimilate into a Turkic state or culture.
overpot: To place (a plant) in too large a pot.
attrist: To sadden; to make sad.
dravest: second-person singular simple past indicative of drive
vistaed: simple past and past participle of vista
upstays: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstay
glitten: to glisten, to reflect, to shimmer.
renegue: Alternative form of renege
regauge: To gauge anew.
enstool: To install formally as chief.
go deep: To throw a long pass attempt or to get in position to catch one.
dryline: To line (a wall) with plasterboard or similar.
succame: simple past of succumb
kegging: present participle and gerund of keg
resites: third-person singular simple present indicative of resite
resited: simple past and past participle of resite
ethnise: Alternative form of ethnize
delopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of delope
hilloas: third-person singular simple present indicative of hilloa
vulning: present participle and gerund of vuln
shiring: present participle and gerund of shire
bet out: To be the first in a round to put money in the pot.
adds on: third-person singular simple present indicative of add on
go gold: To reach 500,000 in sales, thus becoming a gold record.
go gold: To be released to manufacturing in its final form, so that copies can be made and shipped.
creätes: third-person singular simple present indicative of creäte
creäted: simple past and past participle of creäte
unflood: To clear the liquid from a flooded area.
gawming: present participle and gerund of gawm
gauming: present participle and gerund of gaum
goaming: present participle and gerund of goam
gorming: present participle and gerund of gorm
deheats: third-person singular simple present indicative of deheat
walming: present participle and gerund of walm
codemix: Alternative form of code-mix
longarm: To use a longarm machine in quilting.
fubbing: present participle and gerund of fub
forepay: To pay beforehand or in advance.
outslip: To escape, to slip away from.
forecut: To cut beforehand or in advance.
forecut: To cut the front or forward part of (a thing)
on-loan: To onlend;
instops: third-person singular simple present indicative of instop
skootch: Alternative spelling of scooch
unmelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmelt
unburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unburn
Gmailed: simple past and past participle of Gmail
iced up: simple past and past participle of ice up
ices up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ice up
twained: simple past and past participle of twain
pour in: To flow or flood into something or somewhere.
pour in: To arrive in great amounts.
pour in: To fill something with (a liquid) by pouring.
deeched: simple past and past participle of deech
deeches: third-person singular simple present indicative of deech
troshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of trosh
troshed: simple past and past participle of trosh
eldered: simple past and past participle of elder
dullens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dullen; dulls
downbow: To curve or arc downwards.
ethered: simple past and past participle of ether
brag on: To speak with pride on behalf of (someone else); to boast of the accomplishments of (someone else).
overnim: To overtake; seize.
stapped: simple past and past participle of stap
capsise: Nonstandard spelling of capsize.
deshell: To remove the shell from.
destone: To remove the stones from.
bouting: present participle and gerund of bout
potlach: Alternative spelling of potlatch
shrinke: Obsolete spelling of shrink
bequiet: To make quiet or still; silence; becalm; bestill.
beglare: To glare at or on.
befilth: To cover with filth; make filthy; begrime.
enskins: third-person singular simple present indicative of enskin
deskins: third-person singular simple present indicative of deskin
Judaise: alternative form of Judaize
gnasted: simple past and past participle of gnast
missign: To sign improperly or incorrectly.
Zolaize: To write in, or adapt to, the style of the French writer Émile Zola (1840–1902).
yawling: present participle and gerund of yawl
ensiled: simple past and past participle of ensile
reblued: simple past and past participle of reblue
reblues: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblue
goozers: third-person singular simple present indicative of goozer
petuned: simple past and past participle of petune
plowter: Alternative spelling of plouter
petunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of petune
sodcast: To play music on a mobile phone or other portable device in public, without regard for those around.
enfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of enface
enfaced: simple past and past participle of enface
bestrid: past participle of bestride
feedin': Pronunciation spelling of feeding.
warnin': Pronunciation spelling of warning.
packin': Pronunciation spelling of packing.
kissin': Pronunciation spelling of kissing.
leadin': Pronunciation spelling of leading.
smilin': Pronunciation spelling of smiling.
fillin': Pronunciation spelling of filling.
wishin': Pronunciation spelling of wishing.
chewin': Pronunciation spelling of chewing.
rubbin': Pronunciation spelling of rubbing.
tearin': Pronunciation spelling of tearing.
drawin': Pronunciation spelling of drawing.
buryin': Pronunciation spelling of burying.
howlin': Pronunciation spelling of howling.
sailin': Pronunciation spelling of sailing.
arguin': Pronunciation spelling of arguing.
buglest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bugle
evokest: second-person singular simple present indicative of evoke
pamming: present participle and gerund of pam
dequeen: To remove the queen from (a beehive).
bentest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bend
tapuing: present participle and gerund of tapu
hump it: To depart in a hurry; to flee.
tirling: present participle and gerund of tirl
reharls: third-person singular simple present indicative of reharl
harling: present participle and gerund of harl
locoing: present participle and gerund of loco
sclaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sclaff
laudest: second-person singular simple present indicative of laud
leasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lease
trecked: simple past and past participle of treck
daypart: To divide the broadcasting day of (a station) into periods airing different types of material.
daypart: To assign (material) to such a period.
sol-fas: third-person singular simple present indicative of sol-fa
lounder: To beat; to deal a heavy blow; to whack
infight: To fight with allies or other members of the same group.
infight: To box while extremely close to an opponent
moiréed: simple past and past participle of moiré
mogging: present participle and gerund of mog
waddied: simple past and past participle of waddy
dompted: simple past and past participle of dompt
degases: third-person singular simple present indicative of degas
hook it: To depart in a hurry; to clear out.
chowsed: simple past and past participle of chowse
scarcen: to become scarce
scarcen: to make scarce, meager, or lean
fiercen: To make fierce.
fiercen: To make fierce.
fiercen: To enliven.
fiercen: To become or grow fierce.
mismove: To move wrongly, incorrectly, or in error.
mismove: To disturb; trouble; to disconcert; alarm; flurry.
doodied: simple past and past participle of doody
madamed: simple past and past participle of madam
gallize: To add sugar and water to (unfermented grape juice) so as to increase the quantity of wine produced.
rebaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebait
paulter: Dated form of palter.
fiating: present participle and gerund of fiat
blicked: simple past and past participle of blick
kanjify: To convert into kanji script.
unasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unass
unassed: simple past and past participle of unass
bunkoed: simple past and past participle of bunko
tradin': Pronunciation spelling of trading.
rainin': Pronunciation spelling of raining.
hoppin': Pronunciation spelling of hopping.
bettin': Pronunciation spelling of betting.
handin': Pronunciation spelling of handing.
servin': Pronunciation spelling of serving.
closin': Pronunciation spelling of closing.
roarin': Pronunciation spelling of roaring.
leanin': Pronunciation spelling of leaning.
meowled: simple past and past participle of meowl
miaouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of miaoul
dezincs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dezinc
reflies: third-person singular simple present indicative of refly
reflown: past participle of refly
arights: third-person singular simple present indicative of aright
damnded: simple past and past participle of damnd
expells: third-person singular simple present indicative of expell, # Obsolete spelling of expels
chivari: Alternative form of shivaree
miaowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of miaowl
couping: present participle and gerund of coup
rereign: To reign again.
gelated: simple past and past participle of gelate
gelates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gelate
repulps: third-person singular simple present indicative of repulp
plurify: To make or become many.
unblues: third-person singular simple present indicative of unblue
lithing: present participle and gerund of lithe
emblind: to make or render blind
skydove: simple past and past participle of skydive
silaged: simple past and past participle of silage
rush in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rush, in.
rush in: To act quickly and without due thought
prevues: third-person singular simple present indicative of prevue
refects: third-person singular simple present indicative of refect
repours: third-person singular simple present indicative of repour
wintles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wintle
unhangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhang
unfools: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfool
unhairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhair
upcomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcome
yeuking: present participle and gerund of yeuk
joypops: third-person singular simple present indicative of joypop
varooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of varoom
landin': Pronunciation spelling of landing.
funnin': Pronunciation spelling of funning.
scarin': Pronunciation spelling of scaring.
tootin': Pronunciation spelling of tooting.
denyin': Pronunciation spelling of denying.
itchin': Pronunciation spelling of itching.
moanin': Pronunciation spelling of moaning.
ringin': Pronunciation spelling of ringing.
blazin': Pronunciation spelling of blazing.
brassed: simple past and past participle of brass
bawlin': Pronunciation spelling of bawling.
teasin': Pronunciation spelling of teasing.
huggin': Pronunciation spelling of hugging.
rippin': Pronunciation spelling of ripping.
blamin': Pronunciation spelling of blaming.
boilin': Pronunciation spelling of boiling.
barkin': Pronunciation spelling of barking.
amazin': Pronunciation spelling of amazing.
buttin': Pronunciation spelling of butting.
loadin': Pronunciation spelling of loading.
buggin': Nonstandard spelling of bugging.
nursin': Pronunciation spelling of nursing.
chokin': Pronunciation spelling of choking.
fearin': Pronunciation spelling of fearing.
shovin': Pronunciation spelling of shoving.
sinkin': Pronunciation spelling of sinking.
milkin': Pronunciation spelling of milking.
slidin': Pronunciation spelling of sliding.
brewin': Pronunciation spelling of brewing.
earnin': Pronunciation spelling of earning.
buckin': Pronunciation spelling of bucking.
pourin': Pronunciation spelling of pouring.
tossin': Pronunciation spelling of tossing.
pumpin': Pronunciation spelling of pumping.
flamin': Pronunciation spelling of flaming.
seekin': Pronunciation spelling of seeking.
flowin': Pronunciation spelling of flowing.
ribbin': Pronunciation spelling of ribbing.
buzzin': Pronunciation spelling of buzzing.
whinin': Pronunciation spelling of whining.
pringle: To prickle or tingle.
failin': Pronunciation spelling of failing.
barrin': Pronunciation spelling of barring.
weepin': Pronunciation spelling of weeping.
bearin': Pronunciation spelling of bearing.
campin': Pronunciation spelling of camping.
sharin': Pronunciation spelling of sharing.
huffin': Pronunciation spelling of huffing.
saggin': Pronunciation spelling of sagging.
dishin': Pronunciation spelling of dishing.
lootin': Pronunciation spelling of looting.
slicin': Pronunciation spelling of slicing.
yowlin': Pronunciation spelling of yowling.
plowin': Pronunciation spelling of plowing.
rackin': Pronunciation spelling of racking.
shavin': Pronunciation spelling of shaving.
mendin': Pronunciation spelling of mending.
judgin': Pronunciation spelling of judging.
bumpin': Pronunciation spelling of bumping.
'member: Alternative form of member (“remember”)
rangin': Pronunciation spelling of ranging.
'urries: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'urry
'urried: simple past and past participle of 'urry
outasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outask
outbark: To surpass in barking.
outswum: past participle of outswim
outcook: To surpass in cooking; to cook better than.
outswam: simple past of outswim
rip one: To fart audibly.
misload: To load incorrectly.
kaiaked: simple past and past participle of kaiak
kithing: present participle and gerund of kithe
queming: present participle and gerund of queme
quights: third-person singular simple present indicative of quight
pentest: to conduct a pen test
drossed: simple past and past participle of dross
obeahed: simple past and past participle of obeah
phubbed: simple past and past participle of phub
ruinin': Pronunciation spelling of ruining.
rootin': Pronunciation spelling of rooting.
humpin': Pronunciation spelling of humping.
snorin': Pronunciation spelling of snoring.
bendin': Pronunciation spelling of bending.
healin': Pronunciation spelling of healing.
windin': Pronunciation spelling of winding.
sippin': Pronunciation spelling of sipping.
rearose: simple past of rearise
rearise: To arise again.
laiking: present participle and gerund of laik
lirking: present participle and gerund of lirk
jauping: present participle and gerund of jaup
karated: simple past and past participle of karate
bleched: simple past and past participle of blech
krising: present participle and gerund of kris
immixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of immix
iconise: Non-Oxford British English form of iconize
immewed: simple past and past participle of immew
imparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of impark
inhoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhoop
inorbed: simple past and past participle of inorb
karates: third-person singular simple present indicative of karate
inlocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlock
instals: third-person singular simple present indicative of instal
inworks: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwork
inturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of inturn
uphurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphurl
uplooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplook
upleant: simple past and past participle of uplean
upsends: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsend
upstood: simple past and past participle of upstand
upsways: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsway
uptaken: past participle of uptake
upleapt: simple past of upleap
redrest: simple past and past participle of redress
upleans: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplean
upleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplead
upprops: third-person singular simple present indicative of upprop
overgot: simple past and past participle of overget
uplocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplock
Netflix: To watch (a film or TV series) using the Internet streaming media provider Netflix.
reslant: To give a new slant to.
upboost: to boost up
nidates: third-person singular simple present indicative of nidate
nidated: simple past and past participle of nidate
resalts: third-person singular simple present indicative of resalt
gauping: present participle and gerund of gaup
gealing: present participle and gerund of geal
gipping: present participle and gerund of gip
glented: simple past and past participle of glent
gleeted: simple past and past participle of gleet
graming: present participle and gerund of grame
guddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of guddle
gulched: simple past and past participle of gulch
nopping: present participle and gerund of nop
hartens: third-person singular simple present indicative of harten
healded: simple past and past participle of heald
halloas: third-person singular simple present indicative of halloa
henting: present participle and gerund of hent
helloes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hello
hodding: present participle and gerund of hod
hobdays: third-person singular simple present indicative of hobday
hoising: present participle and gerund of hoise
hoasted: simple past and past participle of hoast
housels: third-person singular simple present indicative of housel
hotched: simple past and past participle of hotch
hulloed: simple past and past participle of hullo
hotches: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotch
hurraed: simple past and past participle of hurra
hoorahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoorah
raffing: present participle and gerund of raff
refilms: third-person singular simple present indicative of refilm
relooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of relook
reinked: simple past and past participle of reink
rembled: simple past and past participle of remble
reparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of repark
reoiled: simple past and past participle of reoil
rembles: third-person singular simple present indicative of remble
rerails: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerail
repolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of repoll
repumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of repump
requits: third-person singular simple present indicative of requit
reshown: past participle of reshow
retints: third-person singular simple present indicative of retint
restems: third-person singular simple present indicative of restem
restoke: To stoke again.
rewelds: third-person singular simple present indicative of reweld
rewiden: To widen again.
rinning: present participle and gerund of rin
rhumbas: third-person singular simple present indicative of rhumba
attraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of attrap
attasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of attask
astarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of astart
avizing: present participle and gerund of avize
aretted: simple past and past participle of aret
aumails: third-person singular simple present indicative of aumail
feating: present participle and gerund of feat
fealing: present participle and gerund of feal
fleming: present participle and gerund of fleme
forhows: third-person singular simple present indicative of forhow
forlent: simple past and past participle of forlend
frumped: simple past and past participle of frump
fugling: present participle and gerund of fugle
fritzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fritz
defiber: To remove some or all fiber from.
menging: present participle and gerund of meng
mieving: present participle and gerund of mieve
modered: simple past and past participle of moder
mooving: present participle and gerund of moove
misfell: simple past of misfall
miskept: simple past and past participle of miskeep
misknew: simple past of misknow
miskeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of miskey
mistled: simple past and past participle of mistle
misgrew: simple past of misgrow
mispled: simple past and past participle of misplead
mislies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislie
mismade: simple past and past participle of mismake
mislain: past participle of mislie
munites: third-person singular simple present indicative of munite
munited: simple past and past participle of munite
mythise: Alternative form of mythize
miscuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscut
mispack: To pack badly or wrongly.
eclosed: simple past and past participle of eclose
ecloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of eclose
effrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of effray
eloined: simple past and past participle of eloin
egotise: Alternative form of egotize
emuling: present participle and gerund of emule
endited: simple past and past participle of endite
enerved: simple past and past participle of enerve
emulged: simple past and past participle of emulge
engirds: third-person singular simple present indicative of engird
enisles: third-person singular simple present indicative of enisle
ensears: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensear
enserfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of enserf
entamed: simple past and past participle of entame
enlocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlock
enuring: present participle and gerund of enure
enwombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwomb
excided: simple past and past participle of excide
misedit: To edit badly or wrongly.
miskent: simple past and past participle of misken
miskens: third-person singular simple present indicative of misken
misdraw: To draw badly or wrongly.
misdrew: simple past of misdraw
miscode: To code incorrectly.
misadds: third-person singular simple present indicative of misadd
misbill: To bill incorrectly.
bepuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepuff
besings: third-person singular simple present indicative of besing
beseeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of beseek
beshone: simple past and past participle of beshine
besmuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of besmut
bespits: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespit
besorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of besort
bespots: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespot
bestuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestud
betimed: simple past and past participle of betime
bewraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewrap
bielded: simple past and past participle of bield
blanded: simple past and past participle of bland
bloring: present participle and gerund of blore
boosing: present participle and gerund of boose
boulted: simple past and past participle of boult
bouging: present participle and gerund of bouge
bowning: present participle and gerund of bowne
bouning: present participle and gerund of boun
betoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of betoil
butling: present participle and gerund of butle
officed: simple past and past participle of office
cucking: present participle and gerund of cuck
selfpub: Synonym of self-publish
tradpub: Synonym of trad-pub
thigged: simple past and past participle of thig
threaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of threap
tincted: simple past and past participle of tinct
tinding: present participle and gerund of tind
tooming: present participle and gerund of toom
traping: present participle and gerund of trape
kyarn't: Pronunciation spelling of can't.
stulted: simple past and past participle of stult
reswell: To add liquid so as to cause a dried substance, such as a gel, to expand.
euthing: present participle and gerund of euth
eats it: third-person singular simple present indicative of eat it
dawting: present participle and gerund of dawt
deleing: present participle and gerund of dele
degusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of degust
decrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrew
defouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of defoul
demasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of demast
didders: third-person singular simple present indicative of didder
dindles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dindle
dindled: simple past and past participle of dindle
devvels: third-person singular simple present indicative of devvel
disples: third-person singular simple present indicative of disple
displed: simple past and past participle of disple
dizened: simple past and past participle of dizen
dorting: present participle and gerund of dort
drammed: simple past and past participle of dram
droiled: simple past and past participle of droil
dushing: present participle and gerund of dush
dupping: present participle and gerund of dup
drailed: simple past and past participle of drail
parling: present participle and gerund of parle
peasing: present participle and gerund of pease
pectise: Alternative form of pectize
peptise: Alternative form of peptize
pheezed: simple past and past participle of pheeze
piaffed: simple past and past participle of piaffe
pheezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pheeze
phutted: simple past and past participle of phut
piecens: third-person singular simple present indicative of piecen
angrify: To make angry, to anger.
pirling: present participle and gerund of pirl
plimmed: simple past and past participle of plim
pluffed: simple past and past participle of pluff
polking: present participle and gerund of polk
popples: third-person singular simple present indicative of popple
preased: simple past and past participle of prease
preases: third-person singular simple present indicative of prease
prissed: simple past and past participle of priss
prouled: simple past and past participle of proul
engifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of engift
prebill: To bill in advance.
preasse: Obsolete form of press.
limpens: third-person singular simple present indicative of limpen
shebops: third-person singular simple present indicative of shebop
upcurve: To curve upwards.
chowses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chowse
chyacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chyack
epoched: simple past and past participle of epoch
cloamed: simple past and past participle of cloam
cloured: simple past and past participle of clour
dog out: To mistreat, especially for a pimp or abusive man to mistreat a woman by prostituting her.
coapted: simple past and past participle of coapt
coggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of coggle
coggled: simple past and past participle of coggle
go dark: To cease operations, to close.
go dark: To cease communications.
ate out: simple past of eat out
go wide: To use a wide-angle lens to take one or more photographs.
go wide: To change frequently.
go wide: To spread one's attention from a narrow focus to a more diverse one.
coalify: To change into coal.
defreak: To cause no longer to be freakish, or a freak.
defreak: To cause no longer to be freaked out; to calm down.
cooming: present participle and gerund of coom
craaled: simple past and past participle of craal
creesed: simple past and past participle of creese
culches: third-person singular simple present indicative of culch
cupeled: simple past and past participle of cupel
cyanise: Alternative form of cyanize
cyanize: To convert into cyanide.
cyanize: Alternative form of kyanize
unpairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpair
deyolks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deyolk
zhushed: simple past and past participle of zhush
zhushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zhush
clacket: To move with a clackety sound.
clacket: To chatter or prattle.
sabbing: present participle and gerund of sab
saidest: second-person singular simple past indicative of say
stanged: simple past and past participle of stang
steales: third-person singular simple present indicative of steale
stawing: present participle and gerund of staw
stobbed: simple past and past participle of stob
streeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of streek
stoored: simple past and past participle of stoor
subdews: third-person singular simple present indicative of subdew
straked: simple past and past participle of strake
sturted: simple past and past participle of sturt
swarfed: simple past and past participle of swarf
suttled: simple past and past participle of suttle
swarves: third-person singular simple present indicative of swarve
swarved: simple past and past participle of swarve
begazed: simple past and past participle of begaze
breakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of breake
whitify: To convert (a country, a group, etc) to the white race or culture.
scorsed: simple past and past participle of scorse
scorses: third-person singular simple present indicative of scorse
schmeer: Alternative form of schmear
scruzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scruze
scugged: simple past and past participle of scug
secerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of secern
scurred: simple past and past participle of scur
scurred: Alternative form of scared (“frightened”)
sembled: simple past and past participle of semble
retweak: To tweak again; to readjust.
shooled: simple past and past participle of shool
shogged: simple past and past participle of shog
skugged: simple past and past participle of skug
shmoose: Alternative form of schmooze
slueing: present participle and gerund of slue
smeeths: third-person singular simple present indicative of smeeth
smoored: simple past and past participle of smoor
snathed: simple past and past participle of snathe
smoring: present participle and gerund of smore
snathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snathe
sneaded: simple past and past participle of snead
smithed: simple past and past participle of smith
snedded: simple past and past participle of sned
snarred: simple past and past participle of snar
snifted: simple past and past participle of snift
sneeing: present participle and gerund of snee
snudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of snudge
sliving: present participle and gerund of slive
spaeing: present participle and gerund of spae
sowling: present participle and gerund of sowl
shambok: Alternative form of sjambok
speered: simple past and past participle of speer
spetted: simple past and past participle of spet
spersed: simple past and past participle of sperse
sperses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sperse
spueing: present participle and gerund of spue
squails: third-person singular simple present indicative of squail
sirples: third-person singular simple present indicative of sirple
sirpled: simple past and past participle of sirple
flipple: To flip, flop, or fumble (through) repeatedly
blinkle: To blink repeatedly
repeels: third-person singular simple present indicative of repeel
emeried: simple past and past participle of emery
emeries: third-person singular simple present indicative of emery
enskyed: simple past and past participle of ensky
coadapt: To adapt together.
jaunces: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaunce
jaunced: simple past and past participle of jaunce
juttied: simple past and past participle of jutty
upcoded: simple past and past participle of upcode
upcodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcode
ingulph: Obsolete form of engulf.
iridise: Alternative form of iridize
imbrast: simple past and past participle of imbrace
kemping: present participle and gerund of kemp
missell: To sell something wrongly or fraudulently.
tribbed: simple past and past participle of trib
neezing: present participle and gerund of neeze
nealing: present participle and gerund of neal
nursles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nursle
misrely: To rely wrongly.
glipped: simple past and past participle of glip
misstop: To stop badly or wrongly.
zizzled: simple past and past participle of zizzle
zizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of zizzle
yesking: present participle and gerund of yesk
rebrief: To brief again or anew.
roofied: simple past and past participle of roofie
pick at: To touch, grab, handle, or pull tentatively or gingerly, using a utensil or one's fingers.
pick at: To pick on or repeatedly criticize (someone).
deroofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deroof
mispens: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispen
misacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of misact
salvoed: simple past and past participle of salvo
schmooz: Alternative spelling of schmooze
prewarm: To warm in advance.
prewarm: To initialize with the illusion of prior activity.
trogged: simple past and past participle of trog
scening: present participle and gerund of scene
degging: present participle and gerund of deg
velling: present participle and gerund of vell
sautees: third-person singular simple present indicative of sautee
yucking: present participle and gerund of yuck
unioned: simple past and past participle of union
reblots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblot
vanging: present participle and gerund of vang
linting: present participle and gerund of lint
topdeck: To draw (a card) from one's deck and play it on the same turn.
topdeck: To draw cards from one's deck and play them immediately turn after turn because one has no other cards to play.
diaried: simple past and past participle of diary
deashed: simple past and past participle of deash
deashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deash
dedusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dedust
adawing: present participle and gerund of adaw
lallate: To speak pronouncing the letter "r" so that it sounds like "l".
lallate: To speak like a baby.
libbing: present participle and gerund of lib
waining: present participle and gerund of wain
unwalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwall
wheechs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheech
whidded: simple past and past participle of whid
wolving: present participle and gerund of wolve
wappers: third-person singular simple present indicative of wapper
wooshed: simple past and past participle of woosh
wunners: third-person singular simple present indicative of wunner
quaered: simple past and past participle of quaere
inpours: third-person singular simple present indicative of inpour
unheled: simple past and past participle of unhele
unheles: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhele
upbrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbray
venging: present participle and gerund of venge
vinting: present participle and gerund of vint
voudous: third-person singular simple present indicative of voudou
vumming: present participle and gerund of vum
unboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of unboil
sogging: present participle and gerund of sog
face up: To confront an unpleasant situation
thrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of thring
fullies: third-person singular simple present indicative of fully
redrape: To drape again or anew.
examing: present participle and gerund of exam
layedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of lay
denoise: To remove the noise from (a signal, an image, etc.).
groning: present participle and gerund of grone
gillied: simple past and past participle of gillie
ghasted: simple past and past participle of ghast
pawawed: simple past and past participle of pawaw
petnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of petnap
persued: simple past and past participle of persue
persues: third-person singular simple present indicative of persue
poursue: Obsolete form of pursue.
pursews: third-person singular simple present indicative of pursew
poursew: Obsolete form of pursue.
powring: present participle and gerund of powre
powwaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of powwaw
reavail: To avail again.
reavows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reavow
reblend: To blend again.
reculed: simple past and past participle of recule
reskues: third-person singular simple present indicative of reskue
reskued: simple past and past participle of reskue
reskews: third-person singular simple present indicative of reskew
reslate: To replace the slates of.
prewets: third-person singular simple present indicative of prewet
prefeed: To feed material into a machine, etc. in preparation for some process.
ballses: third-person singular simple present indicative of balls
ballsed: simple past and past participle of balls
feening: present participle and gerund of feen
urining: present participle and gerund of urine
spermed: simple past and past participle of sperm
carnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of carnap
missuit: To fail to suit.
soakin': Pronunciation spelling of soaking.
dodgin': Pronunciation spelling of dodging.
leaming: present participle and gerund of leam
lairise: Alternative form of lairize
lemoned: simple past and past participle of lemon
lithoed: simple past and past participle of litho
leftest: second-person singular simple past indicative of leave
hikoied: simple past and past participle of hikoi
parging: present participle and gerund of parge.
uncoats: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncoat
honests: third-person singular simple present indicative of honest
biotest: to determine the strength of biological activity of a substance
deadapt: To adapt to a previous form
demasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of demask
whoosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoost
unfucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfuck
vedging: present participle and gerund of vedge
smizing: present participle and gerund of smize
gunnin': Pronunciation spelling of gunning.
noddin': Pronunciation spelling of nodding.
jackin': Pronunciation spelling of jacking.
wailin': Pronunciation spelling of wailing.
heavin': Pronunciation spelling of heaving.
winkin': Pronunciation spelling of winking.
loafin': Pronunciation spelling of loafing.
partin': Pronunciation spelling of parting.
peekin': Pronunciation spelling of peeking.
navving: present participle and gerund of nav
reskims: third-person singular simple present indicative of reskim
repilot: To pilot again.
goof on: to mock, tease, make fun of
dial up: To telephone, to call on the telephone.
dial up: To connect a computer to a modem.
dial up: To increase the level (of something) by turning a dial, or (figuratively) as if by turning a dial.
despams: third-person singular simple present indicative of despam
rode up: simple past of ride up
kickbox: To take part in the martial art of kickboxing.
kickbox: To fight (a person) using kickboxing techniques.
unminds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmind
unheeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unheed
spanges: third-person singular simple present indicative of spange
appoynt: Obsolete form of appoint.
skeeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of skeeve
unfries: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfry
cotreat: To treat with two or more agents simultaneously.
thwonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwonk
refouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of refoul
obserue: Obsolete spelling of observe
aduance: obsolete typography of advance
prouide: Obsolete spelling of provide
hove to: simple past and past participle of heave to
deckled: simple past and past participle of deckle
shut-up: Misspelling of shut up.
peepin': Pronunciation spelling of peeping.
biddin': Pronunciation spelling of bidding.
dippin': Pronunciation spelling of dipping.
longin': Pronunciation spelling of longing.
castin': Pronunciation spelling of casting.
amusin': Pronunciation spelling of amusing.
doggin': Pronunciation spelling of dogging.
leakin': Pronunciation spelling of leaking.
rottin': Pronunciation spelling of rotting.
yappin': Pronunciation spelling of yapping.
footin': Pronunciation spelling of footing.
grazin': Pronunciation spelling of grazing.
coolin': Pronunciation spelling of cooling.
starded: Pronunciation spelling of started.
toading: present participle and gerund of toad
reslice: To slice again or differently.
reslice: To calculate from the pixels in the original 3D data that are closest to a particular plane.
uncakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncake
untaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of untax
upmakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upmake
filmise: Alternative form of filmize
haddest: Obsolete form of hadst.
hallals: third-person singular simple present indicative of hallal
Fed off: simple past and past participle of F off
holking: present participle and gerund of holk
wurship: Obsolete spelling of worship
reenrol: to enrol again
leesing: present participle and gerund of leese
louning: present participle and gerund of loun
lusking: present participle and gerund of lusk
outtook: simple past of outtake
outsped: simple past and past participle of outspeed
step to: To challenge, confront or fight (with someone).
step to: To meet a challenge or confront (someone).
step to: To begin (a project or plan) quickly or urgently.
yeehaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeehaw
oopsing: present participle and gerund of oops
wukkin': present participle of wuk
eyeroll: Alternative form of eye-roll
filmset: To typeset by exposing type characters onto photographic film, which is then used to generate printing plates.
cowches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowch
oomphed: simple past and past participle of oomph
buffled: simple past and past participle of buffle
Adonise: Alternative form of adonise
Adonize: Alternative form of adonise
adonise: To embellish or adorn, especially in order to improve the appearance of.
adonise: To enhance one's own appearance.
rip ass: To break wind.
jonesin: Alternative spelling of jonesing
jonezin: Alternative spelling of jonesing
buzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of buzzle
buzzled: simple past and past participle of buzzle
zoukify: To make into zouk music, or to adapt to a zouk-like sound.
lube up: To cover or coat in lubricant.
campled: simple past and past participle of cample
camples: third-person singular simple present indicative of cample
crasing: present participle and gerund of crase
caudles: third-person singular simple present indicative of caudle
dry-lab: To conduct an experiment in a fraudulent way that produces a desirable result, for example by inventing data.
hiffing: present participle and gerund of hiff
rang up: simple past of ring up
rung up: past participle of ring up
sack up: To put (something) in a sack.
sack up: To force oneself to become more manly; to toughen up or man up.
undrank: simple past of undrink
undrink: To undo the action of drinking.
ellipts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ellipt
kreesed: simple past and past participle of kreese
wauking: present participle and gerund of wauk
weeweed: simple past and past participle of weewee
holloes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hollo
hulloas: third-person singular simple present indicative of hulloa
tee-tee: To urinate.
untense: To (cause to) be no longer tense; to relax or loosen.
fenagle: Alternative form of finagle
unpaper: To remove curling papers from (the hair).
unpaper: To remove wallpaper from a wall.
swavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of swaver
came at: simple past of come at
inquere: Obsolete form of enquire.
desyned: simple past and past participle of desyne
desynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of desyne
drownds: third-person singular simple present indicative of drownd
ennuied: simple past and past participle of ennui
ennuyed: simple past and past participle of ennui
dehairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehair
snuzzle: To touch cozily and comfortably; to nestle, to snuggle.
snuzzle: To rub the nose against and snuff.
uncrimp: To straighten out from a crimped state.
opaquen: To make or become opaque.
replume: To plume again or differently.
barkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of barken
bayting: present participle and gerund of bayt
beclogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclog
bedamns: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedamn
becurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of becurl
becalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of becall
beathed: simple past and past participle of beath
bedumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedumb
befoams: third-person singular simple present indicative of befoam
beducks: third-person singular simple present indicative of beduck
befleas: third-person singular simple present indicative of beflea
begazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of begaze
begifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of begift
begoing: present participle and gerund of bego
behowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of behowl
bejades: third-person singular simple present indicative of bejade
bejaded: simple past and past participle of bejade
beleapt: simple past and past participle of beleap
belauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of belaud
beleaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of beleap
bemeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemean
bemetes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemete
bemists: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemist
bemixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemix
bemixed: simple past and past participle of bemix
bemeted: simple past and past participle of bemete
begunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of begunk
beloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of belove
bemocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemock
beteems: third-person singular simple present indicative of beteem
uncount: To deduct from a count; discount or subtract.
incuted: simple past and past participle of incute
incutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of incute
tompang: To have one's items carried by another; to include items as part of a trip taken by another.
tompang: To hitch a ride.
tompang: To append something to a proposal.
tumpang: Alternative spelling of tompang
bao toh: To inform on someone behind his or her back.
bradded: simple past and past participle of brad
broched: simple past and past participle of broche
belimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of belimb
amaying: present participle and gerund of amay
coffled: simple past and past participle of coffle
coiting: present participle and gerund of coit
commixt: simple past and past participle of commix
congeed: simple past and past participle of congee
clefted: simple past and past participle of cleft
tawsing: present participle and gerund of tawse
tackify: To make (a material) tacky.
tatuing: present participle and gerund of tatu
tattows: third-person singular simple present indicative of tattow
deaired: simple past and past participle of deair
disform: To deform or disfigure.
disgown: To divest of a gown of office; to defrock.
pao toh: Alternative spelling of bao toh
fancify: To make fancy.
choping: present participle and gerund of chope
doweled: simple past and past participle of dowel
frugged: simple past and past participle of frug
saboing: present participle and gerund of sabo
kaypohs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kaypoh
farcify: To make farcical; to turn into farce.
enshell: To enclose in a shell.
earbash: To scold or lecture verbally.
encharm: To charm.
undeafs: third-person singular simple present indicative of undeaf
ungyves: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungyve
rerises: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerise
repanel: To provide with new panels; to replace the panelling of.
ungyved: simple past and past participle of ungyve
respade: To spade (turn over soil) again.
Roneoed: simple past and past participle of Roneo
rulered: simple past and past participle of ruler
peining: present participle and gerund of pein
peaning: present participle and gerund of pean
peincts: third-person singular simple present indicative of peinct
percing: present participle and gerund of perce
outwill: To surpass in force of will.
type up: To type (a document) in its final, presentable form.
shot up: simple past and past participle of shoot up
feutred: simple past and past participle of feutre
fibrins: third-person singular simple present indicative of fibrin
fraping: present participle and gerund of frape
netsurf: To surf the Internet.
steaned: simple past and past participle of stean
bets up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bet up
laid by: simple past and past participle of lay by
lays by: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay by
mics up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mic up
opponed: simple past and past participle of oppone
gone at: past participle of go at
went at: simple past of go at
goes at: third-person singular simple present indicative of go at
grecize: Alternative letter-case form of Grecize
cassing: present participle and gerund of cass
grab at: To grasp, or attempt to grasp, something or somebody, using one's hand, usually in a rough or rude manner.
pass as: To be able to convince others that one is something contrary to fact; to look sufficiently like something or someone that one can purport to be it.
mark as: To provide sufficient reason to come to a conclusion about something.
lean in: To shift one's weight forward; to lean forward or towards something.
lean in: To proactively take charge of a situation; to be bold in exerting one's will in a situation.
jut out: To protrude; to extend outwards into space; to stick out.
run low: To near the end of a supply of something; to be nearly running out.
bit off: simple past of bite off
push up: To make (something) higher; to increase.
push up: To arise or jut out from; to thrust from.
be with: To have sex with.
be with: To date or be boyfriend/girlfriend with.
be with: To agree with someone.
be with: To understand someone's point or intention.
be with: To be down with (something); believe in, like, or espouse.
gear to: To design or adapt so as to suit (someone).
arcs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of arc up
mean to: To intend to.
beat to: To arrive (somewhere) more quickly (than someone else); to succeed (at something) more quickly (than someone else).
make of: To form an opinion about (someone or something); to appraise (a person, idea or situation).
tell of: To inform (someone) about (something).
harp on: To nag about; to complain incessantly or persistently request; to continue to bring up as a point of contention.
know of: To be aware of (someone's or something's) existence, but little or nothing beyond that.
know of: To know about a specific person by reputation without having met them.
talk at: To speak with (someone) without truly listening to their response or interacting meaningfully.
talk at: To speak with; to have a conversation with.
heap on: To give someone a lot of something (advice, praise, insults, etc.), especially more so than they can handle or is appropriate
incaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of incave
ingoted: simple past and past participle of ingot
sprunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprunt
schtups: third-person singular simple present indicative of schtup
remined: simple past and past participle of remine
remines: third-person singular simple present indicative of remine
mammers: third-person singular simple present indicative of mammer
jerques: third-person singular simple present indicative of jerque
jerqued: simple past and past participle of jerque
upflash: To flash upward; to rise or surface very rapidly.
yack on: To talk at length, in an annoying, boring and long-winded way.
go past: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, past.
go past: To elapse. (said of time)
go past: To surpass a boundary; to go by a limit.
ace out: Synonym of ace (“to pass (a test, interviews etc.) perfectly”)
ace out: Synonym of ace (“to defeat or outdo others”)
ace out: To have a lucky streak; to experience a stroke of good fortune.
botoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of botox
age out: To become too old for an activity, program or institution; to become too mature for a behavior.
age out: To die or retire.
ingling: present participle and gerund of ingle
outpull: To surpass in pulling.
amplect: To embrace.
amplect: To grasp (the mating partner) with front legs, so as to engage in amplexus.
preboil: To boil in advance.
shmeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of shmeer
unhears: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhear
segways: third-person singular simple present indicative of segway
devorce: Obsolete form of divorce.
raunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of raunge
raunged: simple past and past participle of raunge
recrate: To crate again; to pack back into a crate.
redrove: simple past of redrive
reevoke: To evoke again or anew.
relends: third-person singular simple present indicative of relend
redocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of redock
regroom: To groom again.
redrive: To drive again; drive back.
refence: To fence again or anew.
rellish: Obsolete form of relish.
gunched: simple past and past participle of gunch
gunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of gunch
hulaing: present participle and gerund of hula
evulsed: simple past and past participle of evulse
evulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of evulse
bunk in: To enter a venue covertly, without permission.
fumming: present participle and gerund of fum
reupped: past of reup
fusters: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuster
comajor: To concentrate on one of multiple areas of study as a student in a college or university.
uberize: To introduce a platform to an existing market or industry that provides direct transactions between sellers and buyers, often using mobile technology.
unpiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpile
unvaile: Obsolete spelling of unveil
cow bit: simple past of cow bite
ovalise: Alternative form of ovalize
dereify: To cause no longer to be a single coherent entity; to cease to treat as a recognisable "thing".
regrasp: To grasp again.
dipcoat: Alternative form of dip-coat
mythify: To make mythical.
osmoted: simple past and past participle of osmote
osmotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of osmote
go hard: To strive to one's utmost; to give one's all in an endeavour, at sport, etc.
go hard: To be excellent.
go hard: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, hard.
demuxed: simple past and past participle of demux
rile up: To rile; to aggravate.
re-hire: Alternative spelling of rehire
recases: third-person singular simple present indicative of recase
shnorrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shnorr
sewered: simple past and past participle of sewer
rehonor: To honor again.
remills: third-person singular simple present indicative of remill
retilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of retilt
sooling: present participle and gerund of sool
unstole: simple past of unsteal
unsteal: To reverse the process of stealing; to return, or never to have taken, something stolen.
tivoize: (of a hardware system) To use software under the terms of a copyleft software license, but at the same time to impose a hardware limitations to prevent users from running the modified versions of this software on that hardware, which should be allowed under the terms of the same license.
Xeroxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Xerox
unmists: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmist
smegged: simple past and past participle of smeg
upfling: To fling upward.
latened: simple past and past participle of laten
limboed: simple past and past participle of limbo
mimeoed: simple past and past participle of mimeo
lichtly: To slight; to treat contemptuously or without seriousness.
splorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of splork
lead in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lead, in.
lead in: To introduce, to mark the beginning of something, especially in music.
youking: present participle and gerund of youk
mensing: present participle and gerund of mense
crozzle: To shrink or shrivel from exposure to heat.
stooged: simple past and past participle of stooge
bambosh: To bamboozle; to deceive with nonsense.
scrieve: To glide or move smoothly.
unsight: To remove the sight of or from
unsight: To lose sight on a target
forefix: To fix or secure in advance
unlaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlax
unlaxed: simple past and past participle of unlax
overfix: To fix exceedingly or excessively; fix beyond what is required
remeids: third-person singular simple present indicative of remeid
subfeus: third-person singular simple present indicative of subfeu
ragoûts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ragoût
unmeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmean
thugged: simple past and past participle of thug
unhires: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhire
sacrify: Obsolete form of sacrifice.
kashers: third-person singular simple present indicative of kasher
gas out: To become exhausted; to run out of gas or steam.
dispred: Obsolete form of dispread.
sdeigne: Alternative form of sdeign
buskled: simple past and past participle of buskle
buskles: third-person singular simple present indicative of buskle
solfaed: simple past and past participle of solfa
skuttle: Archaic form of scuttle.
sleeken: To make or become sleek.
wubbing: present participle and gerund of wub
kept to: simple past and past participle of keep to
dowdies: third-person singular simple present indicative of dowdy
Botoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Botox
Botoxed: simple past and past participle of Botox
botoxed: simple past and past participle of botox
chunams: third-person singular simple present indicative of chunam
heiling: present participle and gerund of heil
dehazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehaze
dehazed: simple past and past participle of dehaze
bouling: present participle and gerund of boule
dewools: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewool
gens up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gen up
genning: present participle and gerund of gen
unmarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmark
tripple: Misspelling of triple.
emetize: To add an emetic into.
emetise: Britain standard spelling of emetize.
zip tie: To fasten with a zip tie.
co-oped: simple past and past participle of co-op
kniving: present participle and gerund of knive
marvail: Obsolete form of marvel.
pornify: To make or regard as pornographic.
pettles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pettle
pettled: simple past and past participle of pettle
halloes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hallo
divying: Alternative form of divvying
divy up: Alternative form of divvy up
reburnt: simple past and past participle of reburn
lagered: simple past and past participle of lager
bewraid: Obsolete form of bewrayed.
spodded: simple past and past participle of spod
say yes: To agree; to consent to; to accept.
booping: present participle and gerund of boop
redrags: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrag
outcurl: To curl outward.
outcurl: To surpass in curling.
delever: to reduce leverage, to pay back debts
pikeyed: simple past and past participle of pikey
outraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrap
fancast: Alternative spelling of fan cast
geohash: To encode (a geographic location) in this form.
upheaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of upheap
pigroot: To stick its rump in the air and lower its forequarters.
lop off: To cut off as the top or extreme part of anything, especially to prune a small limb off a shrub or tree, or sometimes to behead someone.
tracted: simple past and past participle of tract
overamp: To become very excited, especially as a result of ingesting amphetamines.
uneases: third-person singular simple present indicative of unease
overbit: simple past of overbite
unmiter: Alternative form of unmitre
unsneck: To unlatch or unlock.
upswung: simple past and past participle of upswing
wombles: third-person singular simple present indicative of womble
wombled: simple past and past participle of womble
Bremain: To remain in the European Union.
swag it: To travel on foot, carrying one's possessions.
swag it: Alternative form of swag it out
unsends: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsend
deassed: simple past and past participle of deass
deasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of deass
abyeing: present participle and gerund of abye
reflush: To flush again.
updarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of updart
uglying: present participle and gerund of ugly
jeeping: present participle and gerund of jeep
upspear: To rise or point upward like spears.
flyping: present participle and gerund of flype
frizing: present participle and gerund of frize
yikkers: third-person singular simple present indicative of yikker
yickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of yicker
outread: To surpass in reading; to read more than.
outsulk: To sulk more than.
outhunt: To surpass in hunting.
usedest: second-person singular simple past indicative of use
laidest: second-person singular simple past indicative of lay
arisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of arise
toldest: second-person singular simple past indicative of tell
coldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of colden
misfeel: To feel wrongly or incorrectly
unfeels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfeel
beer up: To drink a lot of beer.
murring: present participle and gerund of murr
chalans: third-person singular simple present indicative of chalan
evagate: To wander.
smotest: second-person singular simple past indicative of smite
drovest: second-person singular simple past indicative of drive
mettest: second-person singular simple past indicative of meet
pan fry: Alternative form of pan-fry
ratfuck: To steal or disorganize items that do not belong to one.
ratfuck: To sabotage; to fight dirty against or betray and cause disarray among.
ratfuck: To interfere in an election.
corrump: To corrupt.
dawking: present participle and gerund of dawk
plusing: present participle and gerund of plus
fiended: simple past and past participle of fiend
plussed: simple past and past participle of plus
tighted: simple past and past participle of tight
poon up: To dress up in order to impress others.
betalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of betalk
huat ah: To prosper.
greited: simple past and past participle of greit
ragpick: To scavenge.
wadsett: Alternative form of wadset
dialate: Misspelling of dilate.
sarpork: To provide encouragement or to stand by someone or something.
layaned: simple past and past participle of layan
manking: present participle and gerund of mank
unkills: third-person singular simple present indicative of unkill
minsing: present participle and gerund of minse
drew up: simple past of draw up
farling: present participle and gerund of farl
gone up: past participle of go up
outgame: To surpass in gaming; to defeat in a game.
rebacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reback
accoied: past participle of accoy
deadleg: To knee someone in the thigh.
piggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of piggle
bipping: present participle and gerund of bip
leyning: present participle and gerund of leyn
boofing: present participle and gerund of boof
rollock: Alternative form of rollick
dedents: third-person singular simple present indicative of dedent
befreed: simple past and past participle of befree
befrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of befree
nroffed: simple past and past participle of nroff
desilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of desilt
murgeon: To grimace at, make faces at (a person).
neshing: present participle and gerund of nesh
dougied: simple past and past participle of dougie
mustied: simple past and past participle of musty
de-tail: To remove the tail from.
loooves: third-person singular simple present indicative of looove
loooved: simple past and past participle of looove
graping: present participle and gerund of grape
grueled: simple past and past participle of gruel
goaling: present participle and gerund of goal
howdied: simple past and past participle of howdy
hording: present participle and gerund of horde
jambing: present participle and gerund of jamb
demolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of demold
demould: Alternative form of demold
nigrify: To make black in colour; to blacken.
gins up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gin up
unearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unearn
rerinse: To rinse again.
unbunch: To open or straighten something that was bunched up.
upwound: simple past and past participle of upwind
upwinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwind
hookin': Pronunciation spelling of hooking.
gawkin': Pronunciation spelling of gawking.
sobbin': Pronunciation spelling of sobbing.
bathin': Pronunciation spelling of bathing.
riggin': Pronunciation spelling of rigging.
glowin': Pronunciation spelling of glowing.
testin': Pronunciation spelling of testing.
hootin': Pronunciation spelling of hooting.
peelin': Pronunciation spelling of peeling.
snowin': Pronunciation spelling of snowing.
jerkied: simple past and past participle of jerky
go bush: To abandon one's normal surroundings and live in the bush; to flee into the bush; to revert to a feral nature
sissied: simple past and past participle of sissy
skronks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skronk
jiffing: present participle and gerund of jiff
relimed: simple past and past participle of relime
relimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of relime
pelling: present participle and gerund of pell
outknit: To surpass in knitting; to knit more or better than.
unlimit: To free from limitations.
mooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of moosh
mooshed: simple past and past participle of moosh
niffing: present participle and gerund of niff
miswire: To wire incorrectly.
unindex: Synonym of deindex
rethunk: past participle of rethink
save it: Do not bother with the explanation that you are about to give; be quiet.
outgays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgay
forborn: past participle of forbear
unsnare: To release from a snare
nail it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see nail, it.
nail it: Synonym of hit the nail on the head
retacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of retack
retrack: To track again.
retrack: To correct the range and elevation measurements in altimetry data by certain mathematical operations on the waveform.
leadens: third-person singular simple present indicative of leaden
launced: simple past and past participle of launce
lippens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lippen
lunting: present participle and gerund of lunt
lumined: simple past and past participle of lumine
detaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of detax
detaxed: simple past and past participle of detax
retiers: third-person singular simple present indicative of retier
maffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of maffle
rolodex: Alternative form of Rolodex
mercied: simple past and past participle of mercy
lilling: present participle and gerund of lill
upfurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfurl
usuring: present participle and gerund of usure
updried: simple past and past participle of updry
updries: third-person singular simple present indicative of updry
unstrip: To strip off.
nurling: present participle and gerund of nurl
unsours: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsour
litting: present participle and gerund of lit
unghost: To restore from a ghosted state.
rereels: third-person singular simple present indicative of rereel
nithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of nither
dumbify: To make stupid; to dumb down.
horn in: To intrude or butt in (on something).
nussing: present participle and gerund of nuss
cock on: To exaggerate; to overcharge.
cock-on: Alternative spelling of cock on
hone in: Alternative form of home in.
chicked: simple past and past participle of chick
birdnap: To steal or abduct a bird.
ochered: simple past and past participle of ocher
guising: present participle and gerund of guise
souming: present participle and gerund of soum
outbawl: To bawl louder or longer than.
outhowl: To howl louder or longer than.
outplot: To surpass in plotting or scheming.
outrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrow
outsins: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsin
outplan: To surpass in planning.
outtrot: To trot faster than.
outpush: To surpass in pushing; to push harder or longer than.
outpush: To push its way outward.
outyelp: To yelp louder or longer than.
objures: third-person singular simple present indicative of objure
okehing: present participle and gerund of okeh
objured: simple past and past participle of objure
learing: present participle and gerund of lear
lissing: present participle and gerund of liss
lugeing: present participle and gerund of luge
upreach: To reach upward.
groving: present participle and gerund of grove
zanying: present participle and gerund of zany
offlaid: simple past and past participle of offlay
offlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of offlay
duppied: simple past and past participle of duppy
despine: To remove the spines from a plant.
ixnayed: simple past and past participle of ixnay
notting: present participle and gerund of nott
emunged: simple past and past participle of emunge
mist up: To become misty.
mist up: To become coated with condensation; to fog up.
hits on: third-person singular simple present indicative of hit on
work in: To find time or space for, amid other things.
work in: To work out using a machine in between the sets of someone who is already using that machine.
work in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see work, in.
bud out: To develop buds
bud out: To erupt or to push out, as or in the manner of a bud
bud out: To produce in the manner of a bud or as though by budding
tweaged: simple past and past participle of tweag
unenrol: Alternative form of unenroll
retyres: third-person singular simple present indicative of retyre
taxpays: third-person singular simple present indicative of taxpay
retyred: simple past and past participle of retyre
fumfers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fumfer
yoicked: simple past and past participle of yoick
yirking: present participle and gerund of yirk
cladded: simple past and past participle of clad
cloking: present participle and gerund of cloke
oralise: To speak out something that is written, to turn something written into something oral.
cuntify: To give vaginalike features to.
oralize: To speak out something that is written, to turn something written into something oral.
oralize: To perform oral sex upon.
decarbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of decarb
dearned: simple past and past participle of dearn
unturfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unturf
updrags: third-person singular simple present indicative of updrag
upgirds: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgird
quizzle: To make a whizzing sound
quizzle: To ponder
quizzle: To suffocate
empayre: Obsolete form of impair.
entayle: Obsolete form of entail.
whizzle: To whiz or whirl along; to move with a hissing sound.
whizzle: To go about one's way carelessly or heedlessly.
denails: third-person singular simple present indicative of denail
hilloes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hillo
histing: present participle and gerund of hist
humfing: present participle and gerund of humf
jirbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jirble
relifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of relift
jirbled: simple past and past participle of jirble
luff up: To turn towards the wind so that the sails flap
fayning: present participle and gerund of fayne
farsing: present participle and gerund of farse
flaunch: To provide with flaunching.
petsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of petsit
pigsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of pigsit
outfake: To fake or fake out more or better than (another)
retoxed: simple past and past participle of retox
retoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retox
repicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of repick
hurring: present participle and gerund of hurr
upfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfold
boobfed: simple past and past participle of boobfeed
cookied: simple past and past participle of cookie
beflirt: To flirt about; flirt with
left be: simple past and past participle of leave be
swealed: simple past and past participle of sweal
recaned: simple past and past participle of recane
autobox: To box (a value) automatically (map a primitive data item to a complex object).
recoals: third-person singular simple present indicative of recoal
redoxed: simple past and past participle of redox
recanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of recane
redoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of redox
reglows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reglow
repryve: Obsolete form of reprieve.
bewhack: To whack about; whack all over
rewaked: simple past and past participle of rewake
awokest: second-person singular simple past indicative of awake
arosest: second-person singular simple past indicative of arise
babbing: present participle and gerund of bab
unperch: To dislodge or drive from a perch.
refucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of refuck
heldest: second-person singular simple past indicative of hold
hiddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of hide
laining: present participle and gerund of lain
deprest: simple past and past participle of depress
represt: simple past and past participle of repress
untrace: To remove from the traces; to unharness.
untrace: To remove a trace from.
unwives: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwive
unwived: simple past and past participle of unwive
untaint: To mark (a previously tainted variable) as safe.
untaint: To restore (a share capital account) from a tainted state by paying the necessary tax, etc.
unruins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unruin
un-ruin: Alternative form of unruin
engreen: To make something green.
lam out: Leave, depart.
lam out: Lash out, strike out.
lam out: Bang out.
aridify: To make arid.
geckoed: simple past and past participle of gecko.
manders: third-person singular simple present indicative of mander
yetting: present participle and gerund of yet
unlight: To extinguish, turn off, or dim the light from
unlight: To alight; dismount
descums: third-person singular simple present indicative of descum
ozoning: present participle and gerund of ozone
sleeped: simple past and past participle of sleep
kluging: present participle and gerund of kluge
unbitts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbitt
zilches: third-person singular simple present indicative of zilch
blobbed: simple past and past participle of blob
preslug: To compress (fuel) into pellets before use.
preslug: To preprint on a form with automatically-generated individual identifying information.
preslug: To give a title, header, or catchline before writing the piece.
blating: present participle and gerund of blate
unboard: To leave a passenger vehicle such as a train or ship; to disembark.
unboard: To remove boards from.
diurese: To cause or undergo diuresis.
befangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of befang
cudding: present participle and gerund of cud
accross: Misspelling of across.
forheld: simple past and past participle of forhold
decycle: To remove the cycles from.
declogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of declog
foam up: To become foamy, create a foam; to rise with a foamy surface or covered with something resembling foam
foam up: To take place, arise, erupt, develop.
foam up: To cause to become foamy; to cover with foam.
parcook: To cook partially.
prewrap: To wrap in advance.
predyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of predye
predyed: simple past and past participle of predye
prepack: To pack in advance.
prefile: To file in advance.
prelive: To live in advance; to experience precognitively.
pretrim: To trim in advance.
pretype: To type in advance.
tocrack: To crack, fracture, fissure; to break with a cracking sound.
stayned: simple past and past participle of stayne
staynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stayne
swindge: Alternative spelling of swinge
premove: To make a premove.
premove: To incite or cause someone to do something.
premove: To promote or endorse.
aughted: simple past and past participle of aught
re-gays: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-gay
re-dyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-dye
re-dyed: simple past and past participle of re-dye
windled: simple past and past participle of windle
re-sewn: past participle of re-sew
re-sews: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-sew
reäcted: simple past and past participle of reäct
paggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of paggle
dounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of dounce
dounced: simple past and past participle of dounce
ragooed: simple past and past participle of ragoo
overink: To apply too much ink to.
mimmers: third-person singular simple present indicative of mimmer
biggify: To enlarge or make bigger
uphands: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphand
limelit: simple past and past participle of limelight
re-nigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-nig
prefogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefog
unlimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlime
untrims: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrim
usucapt: To acquire by usucaption.
gleeing: present participle and gerund of glee
glegged: simple past and past participle of gleg
roosing: present participle and gerund of roose
lepaked: simple past and past participle of lepak
untames: third-person singular simple present indicative of untame
upknits: third-person singular simple present indicative of upknit
unfires: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfire
unshoot: To shoot back (the bolt of a door), to allow opening.
iodated: simple past and past participle of iodate
harangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of harang
inbears: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbear
PDFizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of PDFize
PDFized: simple past and past participle of PDFize
becomen: past participle of become
spun up: simple past and past participle of spin up
fleaing: present participle and gerund of flea
reds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of red up
unreach: To fail to reach
unsigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsign
torples: third-person singular simple present indicative of torple
ungayed: simple past and past participle of ungay
torpled: simple past and past participle of torple
e-stalk: To stalk someone on the Internet.
tiraded: simple past and past participle of tirade
beswore: simple past of beswear
besworn: past participle of beswear
doiting: present participle and gerund of doit
becraze: To make crazed or crazy
overhie: To overtake; to catch up with.
beswear: To swear by; swear about or regarding; swear at or to; promise
arreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of arread
gridify: To create a system of grids
yarming: present participle and gerund of yarm
cheares: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheare
cheared: simple past and past participle of chear and cheare
choakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of choake
feaking: present participle and gerund of feak (alternative form of feaguing).
CRISPRs: third-person singular simple present indicative of CRISPR
cruizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cruize
weedate: simple past of weedeat
weedeat: To trim weeds using a weedeater (a string trimmer).
dizzens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dizzen
add oil: Synonym of let's go: a cheer of encouragement, support, etc.
flew by: simple past of fly by
fracced: simple past and past participle of frac
gorking: present participle and gerund of gork
wucking: Only used in no wucking furries.
wuckin': Pronunciation spelling of wucking. Only used in no wuckin' furries.
unshake: To retract; to unfold.
unshook: simple past of unshake
dehexed: simple past and past participle of dehex
dehexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehex
dehaunt: To free from ghosts.
malkies: third-person singular simple present indicative of malky
Mankads: third-person singular simple present indicative of Mankad
mastred: simple past and past participle of mastre
panicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of panick
decaged: simple past and past participle of decage
clumsed: simple past and past participle of clumse
t-bones: third-person singular simple present indicative of t-bone
weblish: To publish on the Web (as distinguished from in print).
v-tachs: third-person singular simple present indicative of v-tach
bikejor: To ride a bicycle, drawn behind one or more dogs.
sun-dry: To dry in the sun, especially food.
unrapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrape
snickle: To laugh at someone or something
snickle: To snare using a snickle.
snickle: To tie up or hang (something) using a rope around the neck.
snickle: To use (a rope) to tie or hang by the neck.
forting: present participle and gerund of fort
screels: third-person singular simple present indicative of screel
bowging: present participle and gerund of bowge
binated: simple past and past participle of binate
binates: third-person singular simple present indicative of binate
reshard: To redivide (a database) into shards.
happied: simple past and past participle of happy.
happies: third-person singular simple present indicative of happy
outcrow: To surpass in crowing.
outdrag: To outperform in a drag race.
outgrin: To surpass in grinning.
outbeam: To beam more brightly than; to outshine.
outjuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjut
outwile: To surpass in wile or cunning.
outwish: To wish harder than.
prudify: To make prudish.
teazled: simple past and past participle of teazle
teagled: simple past and past participle of teagle
unlasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlast
outrigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrig
frining: present participle and gerund of frine
unbares: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbare
Britify: To make British.
steared: simple past and past participle of stear
steared: simple past and past participle of steare
stummed: simple past and past participle of stum
scanced: simple past and past participle of scance
subrent: To rent to a third person something that one is renting from another.
scances: third-person singular simple present indicative of scance
phutter: To make a phut or sputtering noise.
inthral: Archaic form of enthral.
warrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of warray
warreys: third-person singular simple present indicative of warrey
wondred: simple past and past participle of wondre
wondres: third-person singular simple present indicative of wondre
wricked: simple past and past participle of wrick
talaqed: simple past and past participle of talaq
indread: To inwardly dread; fear or be afraid
oughtst: Alternative form of oughtest
upranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprank
umbered: simple past and past participle of umber
limpled: simple past and past participle of limple
limples: third-person singular simple present indicative of limple
trayned: simple past and past participle of trayne
traynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of trayne
tweeled: simple past and past participle of tweel
twilted: simple past and past participle of twilt
tonking: present participle and gerund of tonk
yealmed: simple past and past participle of yealm
tommied: simple past and past participle of tommy
appayed: simple past and past participle of appay
abrayed: simple past and past participle of abray
yokking: present participle and gerund of yok
agrizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of agrize
yocking: present participle and gerund of yock
agrized: simple past and past participle of agrize
baizing: present participle and gerund of baize
ungzips: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungzip
outplod: To plod further or faster than.
outroll: To roll outward; to unroll or unfold with a rolling motion.
outjoke: To surpass in joking; to outjest.
outhear: To hear more acutely than.
outfelt: simple past and past participle of outfeel
outjigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjig
outdure: To endure beyond; to outlast.
outrock: To surpass in rocking (thrilling or exciting, especially with rock music).
outpeep: To peep out.
outkept: simple past and past participle of outkeep
outfeel: To feel more accurately or more acutely than.
outbulk: To exceed in bulk.
outedge: To edge out.
outjeer: To surpass in jeering.
outsewn: past participle of outsew
outsews: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsew
outrave: To surpass in raving.
outkeep: To keep or last, without spoiling, longer than.
lazoing: present participle and gerund of lazo
legated: simple past and past participle of legate
stoozed: simple past and past participle of stooze
stoozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stooze
cat-cow: To engage in cat-cow stretching.
geo-map: Alternative form of geomap
brûléed: simple past and past participle of brûlée
geomaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of geomap
airland: To transport (troops, etc.) to a place by aircraft, landing there rather than using parachutes.
unstand: Pronunciation spelling of understand.
dudeing: present participle and gerund of dude.
cross'd: simple past and past participle of cross
filch'd: simple past and past participle of filch
subceed: To be less than.
told'st: Obsolete form of toldest.
hold'st: Obsolete form of holdest.
latch'd: simple past and past participle of latch
mock'st: Obsolete form of mockest.
runn'st: Obsolete form of runnest.
match'd: simple past and past participle of match
cheer'd: simple past and past participle of cheer
subcomb: Alternative form of succumb
holla'd: simple past and past participle of holla
triedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of try
feltest: second-person singular simple past indicative of feel
askedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of ask
rannest: second-person singular simple past indicative of run
keptest: second-person singular simple past indicative of keep
movedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of move
livedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of live
wrotest: second-person singular simple past indicative of write
schlurp: To produce a slurping sound.
moor up: To cast anchor or become fastened.
moor up: To fix or secure (e.g. a vessel) in a particular place by casting anchor, or by fastening with ropes, cables or chains or the like
foot up: To add up; to calculate.
payedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of pay
paidest: second-person singular simple past indicative of pay
leddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of lead
stiling: present participle and gerund of stile
grewest: second-person singular simple past indicative of grow
wonnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of won
wonnest: second-person singular simple past indicative of win
choofed: simple past and past participle of choof
chumped: simple past and past participle of chump
chunner: To talk tiresomely or at length; to chatter on.
rechunk: To reorganize into a new set of chunks or segments.
chuting: present participle and gerund of chute
claymed: simple past and past participle of claym
codrove: simple past of codrive
codrive: To drive (a vehicle, a project, etc.) jointly with somebody else.
coenact: To enact jointly with somebody else.
offcaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of offcap
coosens: third-person singular simple present indicative of coosen
coplots: third-person singular simple present indicative of coplot
coosins: third-person singular simple present indicative of coosin
creeled: simple past and past participle of creel
reboost: To boost again.
caprify: To pollinate (figs) by caprification.
chiefed: simple past and past participle of chief
chemick: Obsolete form of chemic.
vowedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of vow
tillest: second-person singular simple present indicative of till
brakest: second-person singular simple past indicative of break
sowedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of sow
duggest: second-person singular simple past indicative of dig
cuttest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cut
demouse: To rid of mice.
abodest: second-person singular simple past indicative of abide
reburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of reburn
respool: To wind back onto a spool.
respool: To place (data) back on a queue for later transmission.
repiled: simple past and past participle of repile
repiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of repile
driedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of dry
drewest: second-person singular simple past indicative of draw
beseche: Obsolete spelling of beseech
bestowe: Obsolete spelling of bestow
torpefy: To make torpid.
syphers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sypher
oggling: present participle and gerund of oggle
up-guns: third-person singular simple present indicative of up-gun
preages: third-person singular simple present indicative of preage
preaged: simple past and past participle of preage
precure: To treat (rubber) to enhance its dimensional stability prior to curing.
namedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of name
sangest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sing
zipwire: To install, or to ride on a zip-wire
holloos: third-person singular simple present indicative of holloo
blewest: second-person singular simple past indicative of blow
hungest: second-person singular simple past indicative of hang
swarest: second-person singular simple past indicative of swear
sworest: second-person singular simple past indicative of swear
shonest: second-person singular simple past indicative of shine
gattest: second-person singular simple past indicative of get
sungest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sing
sunkest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sink
chosest: second-person singular simple past indicative of choose
sankest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sink
flewest: second-person singular simple past indicative of fly
clavest: second-person singular simple past indicative of cleave
feddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of feed
weptest: second-person singular simple past indicative of weep
soldest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sell
lentest: second-person singular simple past indicative of lend
girtest: second-person singular simple past indicative of gird
riddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rid
riddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rid
weddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wed
weddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wed
hewedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of hew
graveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grave
waxedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of wax
formays: third-person singular simple present indicative of formay
sextort: To coerce through the threat of revealing someone's sexual history.
seen to: past participle of see to
devided: simple past and past participle of devide
devides: third-person singular simple present indicative of devide
jipping: present participle and gerund of jip
fap off: To masturbate.
fap off: To release tension by masturbation.
fappin': Pronunciation spelling of fapping.
destory: Misspelling of destroy.
actedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of act
blouded: simple past and past participle of bloud
sparsen: To make or become sparse.
rack in: Misspelling of rake in.
procott: To choose, either as an individual or group, using, buying, or dealing with someone or some organization as an expression of support
cloming: present participle and gerund of clome
evomits: third-person singular simple present indicative of evomit
show in: To lead or direct someone to an enclosed space, usually a room.
floofed: simple past and past participle of floof.
rec'ing: present participle and gerund of rec
bcc'ing: present participle and gerund of bcc
upstaff: To hire additional employees, thereby increasing the size of the workforce.
primals: third-person singular simple present indicative of primal
memawed: simple past and past participle of memaw
wildfed: simple past and past participle of wildfeed
profect: To benefit, profit, advance.
unseize: To release from a state of being seized up, or locked in position.
unreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of unread
unsorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsort
servoed: simple past and past participle of servo
ties up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tie up
pouffed: simple past and past participle of pouffe
pouffed: simple past and past participle of pouff
poufing: present participle and gerund of pouf
misfuck: To fuck or fuck up wrongly or amiss; ruin
soarest: second-person singular simple present indicative of soar
soareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of soar
nancing: present participle and gerund of nance
gob off: Synonym of shoot one's mouth off
prussik: Alternative form of prusik
outspat: simple past and past participle of outspit
outspit: To surpass in spitting; to spit more or further than.
catchee: Pronunciation spelling of catch, representing Chinese, African, or similarly marked pronunciation.
Brexits: third-person singular simple present indicative of Brexit
coopete: To engage in coopetition.
querled: simple past and past participle of querl
shiggle: To shake, jiggle.
surject: To form or to undergo surjection
scramed: simple past and past participle of scram
toyling: present participle and gerund of toyle
tidders: third-person singular simple present indicative of tidder
lawnmow: To mow a lawn.
lawnmow: To cut with a lawnmower.
takeing: Archaic spelling of taking.
comeing: Archaic spelling of coming.
unalias: To remove an alias (from)
live in: To reside on the premises of one's employer (used especially of domestic staff such as nannies, cooks, maids, etc.)
live in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see live, in.
inmewed: simple past and past participle of inmew
garding: present participle and gerund of gard
enmixed: simple past and past participle of enmix
enmixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmix
soyling: present participle and gerund of soyle
metrize: To associate with an appropriate metric space
degrate: To remove the property of a grating from
enamell: Obsolete form of enamel.
assling: present participle and gerund of assle
la-la-s: third-person singular simple present indicative of la-la
towsing: present participle and gerund of towse
towzing: present participle and gerund of towze
viddied: simple past and past participle of viddy
trowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trow
bloqued: simple past and past participle of bloque
blopped: simple past and past participle of blop
re-est.: Abbreviation of re-established.
unbites: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbite
unapply: To undo an apply operation; to remove (something previously applied).
gilling: present participle and gerund of gill
spended: simple past and past participle of spend
Scotify: Alternative form of Scottify
fugging: present participle and gerund of fug
fugging: present participle and gerund of fugg
decrime: To remove the criminal status of a reported crime, typically due to insufficient evidence or to artificially reduce crime statistics
told on: simple past and past participle of tell on
gussies: third-person singular simple present indicative of gussy
undrown: To remove the water from (something drowned or flooded); to unflood.
atgoing: present participle and gerund of atgo
defloat: To cause (a visual element such as a tool palette) no longer to float over the rest of the application.
shroved: simple past and past participle of shrove
shroves: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrove
unballs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unball
mirkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirken
neshens: third-person singular simple present indicative of neshen
behuing: present participle and gerund of behue
Kondoed: simple past and past participle of Kondo
carying: present participle and gerund of cary
unloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlose
unspend: To recover (money that has been spent); to undo the spending of.
voycing: present participle and gerund of voyce
buys it: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy it
unstays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstay
sets by: third-person singular simple present indicative of set by
puts by: third-person singular simple present indicative of put by
soak in: To wet a surface and be absorbed completely (of a liquid)
soak in: To spend time experiencing something
haggl'd: Alternative spelling of haggled
incenst: simple past and past participle of incense
hoaring: present participle and gerund of hoar
ungrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungrow
cheeres: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheere
fits in: third-person singular simple present indicative of fit in
hilting: present participle and gerund of hilt
owns up: third-person singular simple present indicative of own up
mans up: third-person singular simple present indicative of man up
cues up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cue up
dreeped: simple past and past participle of dreep
wrixles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrixle
outarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of outarm
wissles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wissle
inamors: third-person singular simple present indicative of inamor
beflays: third-person singular simple present indicative of beflay
promyse: Obsolete spelling of promise
wreakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreake
romaged: simple past and past participle of romage
vadaing: present participle and gerund of vada
rearend: Alternative form of rear end
teeping: present participle and gerund of teep
teeking: present participle and gerund of teek
mirking: present participle and gerund of mirk
craftes: third-person singular simple present indicative of crafte
souling: present participle and gerund of soul
bolking: present participle and gerund of bolk
beining: present participle and gerund of bein
gowking: present participle and gerund of gowk
bealing: present participle and gerund of beal
lirting: present participle and gerund of lirt
bleving: present participle and gerund of bleve
bliving: present participle and gerund of blive
chating: present participle and gerund of chate
bourded: simple past and past participle of bourd
bedrank: simple past of bedrink
sattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sattle
sattled: simple past and past participle of sattle
metooed: simple past and past participle of metoo
datumed: simple past and past participle of datum
dogs it: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog it
teed up: past participle of tee up
welking: present participle and gerund of welk
wrixled: simple past and past participle of wrixle
voyding: present participle and gerund of voyd
evented: simple past and past participle of event
stutted: simple past and past participle of stut
skeeing: present participle and gerund of skee
unzooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unzoom
gloping: present participle and gerund of glope
bliking: present participle and gerund of blike
blaking: present participle and gerund of blake
cairing: present participle and gerund of cair
cliving: present participle and gerund of clive
abuying: present participle and gerund of abuy
outrule: To rule out; to eliminate by deduction.
outrule: To rule or reign longer or better than.
eckling: present participle and gerund of eckle
safened: simple past and past participle of safen
encurse: to place or bring a curse upon; curse
untouch: To mark (a file or document) as not having been modified.
envoked: simple past and past participle of envoke
befalen: past participle of befal
blecked: simple past and past participle of bleck
go long: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, long.
go long: To buy a financial product, such as a share, so as to profit from a rise in its value; compare go short.
go long: To run far from the person throwing a ball in order to receive a long pass; (especially American football, Canadian football) to run down the field away from the quarterback to receive a long or Hail Mary pass.
forecry: to cry forth; proclaim aloud; announce publicly
Clemson: To perform uncharacteristically poorly, well below expectations.
abiting: present participle and gerund of abite
atstood: simple past and past participle of atstand
opineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of opine
salamed: simple past and past participle of salam
re-lets: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-let
indured: simple past and past participle of indure
droneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drone
enlives: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlive
enlived: simple past and past participle of enlive
milsing: present participle and gerund of milse
Morsing: present participle and gerund of Morse
misasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of misask
deranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of derank
de-rank: Alternative form of derank
Epstein: Alternative letter-case form of epstein
LARTing: present participle and gerund of LART
gridled: simple past and past participle of gridle
gridles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gridle
Jesused: simple past and past participle of Jesus
send in: to give (one's name), present (one's card) when making a social call
send in: to cause (something) to be delivered, especially by post/mail
send in: to send (a batsman) on to the field to bat.
samming: present participle and gerund of sam
scyling: present participle and gerund of scyle
bawding: present participle and gerund of bawd
byrling: present participle and gerund of byrl
todding: present participle and gerund of tod
togoing: present participle and gerund of togo
bechide: to chide or scold completely; reprimand thoroughly
tappies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tappy
tappied: simple past and past participle of tappy
subclip: To create a shorter video or audio clip from a longer one.
sizzing: present participle and gerund of sizz
fookin': present participle of fook
wave in: To try, in public, to attract people into a business establishment.
blorped: simple past and past participle of blorp
goes to: third-person singular simple present indicative of go to
went to: simple past of go to
gone to: past participle of go to
remowed: simple past and past participle of remow
imbueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbue
reblits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblit
aduring: present participle and gerund of adure
prateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of prate
venteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vent
leeroys: third-person singular simple present indicative of leeroy
rappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rap
execing: present participle and gerund of exec
plebify: To make plebeian; to vulgarize.
prosify: To convert or translate into prose.
prosify: To make prosaic or commonplace.
outwrit: past participle of outwrite
maimeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of maim
Hanning: present participle and gerund of Hann
bebayed: simple past and past participle of bebay
becrept: simple past and past participle of becreep
becreep: To creep up on; stalk
engrace: To instill grace into.
requeue: To add to a queue again.
beduked: simple past and past participle of beduke
bedukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of beduke
rewling: present participle and gerund of rewle
stuffes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stuffe
pæaning: present participle and gerund of pæan (archaic spelling of paeaning).
bedemon: to bedevil
wilders: third-person singular simple present indicative of wilder
laudeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of laud
wig-wag: Alternative form of wigwag.
girling: present participle and gerund of girl
delimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of delime
delimed: simple past and past participle of delime
detaboo: to remove the taboo associated with a topic
acrases: third-person singular simple present indicative of acrase
acrased: simple past and past participle of acrase
beshorn: past participle of beshear
admined: simple past and past participle of admin
entised: simple past and past participle of entise
slocked: simple past and past participle of slock
untrack: To change (an educational course) so that students are no longer ranked by ability.
lairize: To act in a flashy manner.
outblew: simple past of outblow
outpuff: To puff harder or better than; to outblow.
outblow: To blow out (all senses)
outblow: To exceed in blowing; blow more or better than (all senses)
overnap: To take too many short sleeps.
blissen: To make blissful or happy; fill with or impart bliss to
uncatch: To set free from a restraint; unfasten or unclasp; release
chiving: present participle and gerund of chive
seafare: To travel or voyage by sea
freemix: Alternative form of free-mix
scrunge: To scour (search) desperately for resources such as food or equipment.
scrunge: To squeeze; to scrunch.
scrunge: To make or become scrungy.
flaired: simple past and past participle of flair
enwrote: simple past of enwrite
blunten: To make blunt (take the edge off)
passify: To make or become passive.
nigging: present participle and gerund of nig
pink up: Of a transplanted organ: to acquire a pinkish hue as a result of blood entering it from the circulatory system.
pink up: To blush.
critted: simple past and past participle of crit
olfacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of olfact
sump up: Misspelling of sum up.
bagpack: Misspelling of backpack.
roffled: simple past and past participle of roffle
roffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of roffle
hype up: to talk up; to promote extravagantly
joshin': Pronunciation spelling of joshing.
duckin': Pronunciation spelling of ducking.
tickin': Pronunciation spelling of ticking.
tappin': Pronunciation spelling of tapping.
dustin': Pronunciation spelling of dusting.
carvin': Pronunciation spelling of carving.
abidin': Pronunciation spelling of abiding.
whorin': Pronunciation spelling of whoring.
herdin': Pronunciation spelling of herding.
heroify: To raise someone to the status of a hero by overlooking the person's flaws.
hotwalk: To walk (a horse) to cool it after exercise.
uncasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncast
splatch: To mark with a splatch.
splatch: To manipulate roughly or crudely.
splatch: To move in a manner that causes splashing or spreading of material.
hawketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of hawk
wet lab: To perform experiments that require a wet lab.
sexcite: To excite sexually.
crew up: To join a crew
sleepes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleepe
inshell: To enclose in a shell.
reexits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reexit
desyred: simple past and past participle of desyre
berghed: simple past and past participle of bergh
forgrew: simple past of forgrow
ingrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingrow
relifed: simple past and past participle of relife
relifes: third-person singular simple present indicative of relife
misowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of misown
betrick: To play a trick on; to trick
varders: third-person singular simple present indicative of varder
eludeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of elude
noclips: third-person singular simple present indicative of noclip
hisseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hiss
walding: present participle and gerund of wald
pretins: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretin
borried: simple past and past participle of borry
borries: third-person singular simple present indicative of borry
thraved: simple past and past participle of thrave
reslots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslot
remewed: simple past and past participle of remew
bebroke: simple past of bebreak
bedrove: simple past of bedrive
charper: To seek; to search.
enolize: To become an enol or enolate, often through isomerization.
enolize: To convert into an enol or enolate.
carneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of carney
recased: simple past and past participle of recase
lurried: simple past and past participle of lurry
denukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of denuke
denuked: simple past and past participle of denuke
outdins: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdin
requery: To query again.
dedoped: simple past and past participle of dedope
hoddled: simple past and past participle of hoddle
hoddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoddle
unwipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwipe
upseeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of upseek
vialled: simple past and past participle of vial
pussing: present participle and gerund of pus
uncures: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncure
unwaste: To not waste or reverse the wasting of (something).
unwhelm: To raise (someone) up from under something that has overwhelmed them.
unhates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhate
zotzing: present participle and gerund of zotz
unpaste: To remove or take down (something pasted); to unstick.
whoaing: present participle and gerund of whoa
chackle: To chatter (to talk or make noise) or chuckle.
unbrute: To free from brutish qualities.
jabbled: simple past and past participle of jabble
jabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jabble
floting: present participle and gerund of flote
crabble: To creep, crawl, or clamber, like a crab
querked: simple past and past participle of querk
emplume: To furnish with a plume.
carroll: Alternative form of carol.
nidders: third-person singular simple present indicative of nidder
quassed: simple past and past participle of quass
reested: simple past and past participle of reest
quabbed: simple past and past participle of quab
slum it: To associate with people or engage in activities with a status below one's own.
upblaze: To blaze or shoot up.
jedging: present participle and gerund of jedge
japping: present participle and gerund of jap
Japping: present participle and gerund of Jap
tervied: simple past and past participle of tervy
jaunder: To talk idly.
plapped: simple past and past participle of plap
tervies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tervy
kerving: present participle and gerund of kerve
Borking: present participle and gerund of Bork. (Alternative letter-case form of borking.)
glimmed: simple past and past participle of glim
delamed: past of delam
rossing: present participle and gerund of ross
dolting: present participle and gerund of dolt
torn up: past participle of tear up
misgets: third-person singular simple present indicative of misget
boweled: simple past and past participle of bowel
vauting: present participle and gerund of vaut
sock it: To blow away, to impress (someone).
sock it: To deliver a crippling blow to.
flimped: simple past and past participle of flimp
nidging: present participle and gerund of nidge
bedying: present participle and gerund of bedye
roggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of roggle
glummed: simple past and past participle of glum
roggled: simple past and past participle of roggle
geaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of geach
geached: simple past and past participle of geach
heckin': Horsing around.
ammoing: present participle and gerund of ammo
sarving: present participle and gerund of sarve
unskews: third-person singular simple present indicative of unskew
beclept: simple past and past participle of beclepe
nuncled: simple past and past participle of nuncle
be onto: Alternative form of be on to
plow up: To uncover or unearth (something) through plowing.
fleched: simple past and past participle of fleche
flèched: simple past and past participle of flèche
foot it: To walk.
foot it: To dance.
foot it: To drive quickly, with the accelerator down.
uncramp: To recover, or cause to recover, from cramp or from being cramped or confined.
imboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of imboil
skoaled: simple past and past participle of skoal
avaling: present participle and gerund of avale
outmove: To move faster or more skilfully than; to outmaneuver.
drapped: simple past and past participle of drap
discing: present participle and gerund of disc
embrewe: embrew; stain
embrewe: soak
yeeting: present participle and gerund of yeet
gipseys: third-person singular simple present indicative of gipsey
enmires: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmire
benewed: simple past and past participle of benew
bewends: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewend
atwinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of atwind
begives: third-person singular simple present indicative of begive
clairts: third-person singular simple present indicative of clairt
berisps: third-person singular simple present indicative of berisp
clumses: third-person singular simple present indicative of clumse
bereads: third-person singular simple present indicative of beread
bedears: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedear
bedares: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedare
outkent: simple past and past participle of outken
toshent: simple past and past participle of toshend
erights: third-person singular simple present indicative of eright
astands: third-person singular simple present indicative of astand
atrokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atroke
atrists: third-person singular simple present indicative of atrist
behears: third-person singular simple present indicative of behear
endrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of endree
enewing: present participle and gerund of enew
ayields: third-person singular simple present indicative of ayield
forsees: third-person singular simple present indicative of forsee
fimbled: simple past and past participle of fimble
forsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of forset
hobjobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hobjob
mummock: Alternative form of mommick (“(dialectal:) to harass, bother”)
tolters: third-person singular simple present indicative of tolter
dine in: To eat in; to eat a purchased meal on the premises where one bought it, rather than taking it away.
rizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rizzle
rizzled: simple past and past participle of rizzle
beflies: third-person singular simple present indicative of befly
beflees: third-person singular simple present indicative of beflee
bespies: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespy
inbeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbeat
inmoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of inmove
inburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of inburn
inwombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwomb
inmixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of inmix
inviles: third-person singular simple present indicative of invile
enveils: third-person singular simple present indicative of enveil
inbinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbind
inwones: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwone
becries: third-person singular simple present indicative of becry
inlives: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlive
inwoods: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwood
inbroke: simple past of inbreak
overnet: To cover with a net or netting.
overnet: To fish too much using nets.
atstuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of atstut
atrouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of atrout
atsakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atsake
atredes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atrede
atslips: third-person singular simple present indicative of atslip
atrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of atride
berines: third-person singular simple present indicative of berine
empests: third-person singular simple present indicative of empest
atrines: third-person singular simple present indicative of atrine
atwites: third-person singular simple present indicative of atwite
biggens: third-person singular simple present indicative of biggen
highens: third-person singular simple present indicative of highen
shapens: third-person singular simple present indicative of shapen
nighens: third-person singular simple present indicative of nighen
gingled: simple past and past participle of gingle
scoving: present participle and gerund of scove
rogging: present participle and gerund of rog
moffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of moffle
moffled: simple past and past participle of moffle
whirret: To box someone's ears.
twankle: To twang with the fingers on a music instrument.
malkied: simple past and past participle of malky
eek out: Misspelling of eke out.
gammock: To frolic; to lark about.
gurling: present participle and gerund of gurl
suaging: present participle and gerund of suage
sogered: simple past and past participle of soger
unsaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsave
repurge: To purge or cleanse again.
deperms: third-person singular simple present indicative of deperm
boyling: present participle and gerund of boyle
reasted: simple past and past participle of reast
skeared: simple past and past participle of skear
dranted: simple past and past participle of drant
accrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of accrew
brairds: third-person singular simple present indicative of braird
beslaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of beslap
kissles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kissle
refoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of refoot
thurify: To cense; to perfume with incense.
gethers: third-person singular simple present indicative of gether
entwins: third-person singular simple present indicative of entwin
asweves: third-person singular simple present indicative of asweve
torfels: third-person singular simple present indicative of torfel
biocode: To encode using biological signals or markers.
biocode: To classify biological organisms by assigning biocodes to them.
densens: third-person singular simple present indicative of densen
unexist: To not exist, or to cease to exist.
unexist: To cause (someone or something) to not exist.
bleaken: To become bleak
Ubering: present participle and gerund of Uber
crudens: third-person singular simple present indicative of cruden
tartens: third-person singular simple present indicative of tarten
spicens: third-person singular simple present indicative of spicen
falsens: third-person singular simple present indicative of falsen
truthen: To make true; to cause to adhere to the truth; to prove, validate, or support the veracity of
rejoyed: simple past and past participle of rejoy
palened: simple past and past participle of palen
dankens: third-person singular simple present indicative of danken
saltens: third-person singular simple present indicative of salten
brassen: To make like or become like brass, particularly in fortitude or colour
basketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of bask
mansing: present participle and gerund of manse
freaken: Misspelling of freaking.
cutened: simple past and past participle of cuten
laxened: simple past and past participle of laxen
soothen: To make comforted; cause to feel soothed; to ease, relieve, or alleviate
accumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of accumb
gees up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gee up
go sour: To spoil, rot, become sour.
go sour: To become unpleasing, unpleasant, unsatisfying, unfulfilling to one's wishes.
temsing: present participle and gerund of temse
ornates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ornate
wharfed: simple past and past participle of wharf
gledged: simple past and past participle of gledge
gledges: third-person singular simple present indicative of gledge
dearing: present participle and gerund of dear
tribing: present participle and gerund of tribe
preving: present participle and gerund of preve
oversup: To eat (supper) excessively
noddled: simple past and past participle of noddle
Grecise: Alternative form of Grecize
sibbing: present participle and gerund of sib
seazing: present participle and gerund of seaze
fambled: simple past and past participle of famble
reheads: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehead
disnest: To dislodge from a nest.
step on: To adulterate (a drug) for the purpose of increasing its bulk, and therefore the profit when sold; to dilute, cut.
step on: To oppress or mistreat (a person).
step on: To interrupt, overpower, or override (another transmission on the same frequency) with one's own transmission.
step on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see step, on.
haul up: To come or bring to rest after hauling.
haul up: To confront or question one about one's wrongdoings.
belocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of belock
coolens: third-person singular simple present indicative of coolen
daytrip: Alternative form of day-trip
adiated: simple past and past participle of adiate
adiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of adiate
obtused: simple past and past participle of obtuse.
did ill: simple past of do ill.
ram-jam: To roughly force into a small space or difficult position.
ram-jam: To travel about with no fixed destination.
e-filed: simple past and past participle of e-file
defrogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of defrog
e-files: third-person singular simple present indicative of e-file
nibbing: present participle and gerund of nib
deceded: simple past and past participle of decede
simping: present participle and gerund of simp
moonran: simple past and past participle of moonrun
moonrun: To move while sliding backwards as though the feet move as if one was running forwards.
besighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of besigh
frutify: Alternative form of fructify
rewoods: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewood
unclaim: To cancel one's claim to.
bebangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebang
haining: present participle and gerund of hain
bluened: simple past and past participle of bluen
derayed: simple past and past participle of deray
misrank: To rank wrongly or incorrectly
rudened: simple past and past participle of ruden
rehairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehair
befleck: to cover with small spots or flecks
tabbied: simple past and past participle of tabby
emmured: simple past and past participle of emmure
rebegot: simple past of rebeget
rebeget: To beget again.
hakaing: present participle and gerund of haka.
co-owns: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-own
re-hair: Alternative form of rehair
get ink: To receive publicity.
skiddoo: Alternative form of skidoo
derisks: third-person singular simple present indicative of derisk
uncalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncalm
outtask: To transfer the responsibility for a specific task to a third-party service provider.
outrope: To exceed in roping; to rope better than.
unfuels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfuel
hodling: present participle and gerund of hodl
hatfish: To hide one's bald spot or bad hair under a hat in a profile picture for online dating.
reburse: To pay over again.
rebails: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebail
spyhops: third-person singular simple present indicative of spyhop
dishome: To deprive of a home; to make homeless.
spy hop: Alternative form of spyhop
outbore: simple past of outbear
spy-hop: Alternative form of spyhop
dorming: present participle and gerund of dorm
gulfing: present participle and gerund of gulf
bust on: To make a joke concerning; to ridicule or make fun of.
exeming: present participle and gerund of exeme
hersing: present participle and gerund of herse
BLASTed: simple past and past participle of BLAST
transed: simple past and past participle of trans
outbest: To be better at something.
maining: present participle and gerund of main
surpays: third-person singular simple present indicative of surpay
tobeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of tobeat
derobed: simple past and past participle of derobe
gets at: third-person singular simple present indicative of get at
derobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of derobe
cops it: third-person singular simple present indicative of cop it
flurred: simple past and past participle of flurr
bedropt: simple past and past participle of bedrop
recircs: third-person singular simple present indicative of recirc
bestems: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestem
smurred: simple past and past participle of smur
unwreck: To undo or reverse the wrecking of; (by extension) to repair; restore to good use; salvage
chirled: simple past and past participle of chirl
tabered: simple past and past participle of taber
emparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of empart
essoyne: Obsolete form of essoin.
barming: present participle and gerund of barm
sweding: present participle and gerund of swede
misties: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistie
mispage: To paginate incorrectly.
mistied: simple past and past participle of mistie
miseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of miseat
jogs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of jog on
miswrit: past participle of miswrite
camo up: To put on clothing, make-up, etc. with a camouflage pattern, to wear camouflage.
camo up: To camouflage one's person or equipment, to hide or obscure from view.
pushmow: Alternative form of push mow
unshits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshit
sit-ski: Alternative form of sitski
comshaw: To acquire without officially requisitioning; to pilfer or barter for surplus items.
Actaeon: To cuckold.
commafy: Alternative form of commify
commify: To insert commas into (a piece of code).
commaed: simple past and past participle of comma
jack it: To masturbate.
chelped: simple past and past participle of chelp
outmate: To mate with an individual who is not part of one's immediate social group.
outmate: To surpass in finding mates; to outbreed.
outmate: To outmatch.
cowping: present participle and gerund of cowp
locutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of locute
beknows: third-person singular simple present indicative of beknow
crufted: simple past and past participle of cruft
genoing: present participle and gerund of geno
atwound: simple past and past participle of atwind
betines: third-person singular simple present indicative of betine
bebarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebark
beblest: past participle of bebless
reshade: To render again with different shading.
tuck up: To pull the blankets or duvet up over (someone in bed); to put (someone) to bed.
tuck up: To pull the blankets or duvet up over oneself in bed.
tuck up: To push the fabric at the bottom of a garment into itself or under another garment (especially trousers, skirt, dress etc.)
tuck up: To protect one's face by covering it with the gloves
tuck up: to bring one's legs and abdomen together while lying face-up on the floor; to perform a tuck-up
tuck up: To execute by hanging.
evilize: to turn someone or something evil
evilize: vilify
outhack: To surpass in hacking.
skummed: simple past and past participle of skum
minused: simple past and past participle of minus
cotests: third-person singular simple present indicative of cotest
daidles: third-person singular simple present indicative of daidle
slances: third-person singular simple present indicative of slance
slanced: simple past and past participle of slance
Igboize: To adapt to the Igbo language or culture.
softmod: To modify the intended behaviour of (hardware) unofficially by the use of software.
setnets: third-person singular simple present indicative of setnet
set net: To fish using a set net.
set-net: Alternative form of set net
nunated: simple past and past participle of nunate
perfing: present participle and gerund of perf
bewards: third-person singular simple present indicative of beward
bedraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedraw
upslant: To slant upward.
heiring: present participle and gerund of heir
bechalk: To cover with chalk, or whiten as if with chalk.
misdrop: To drop (especially, to airdrop) incorrectly or in the wrong place.
norsels: third-person singular simple present indicative of norsel
premold: To mold in advance.
prefade: To fade (an audio track) before it is broadcast, by listening in advance.
prefade: To give (clothing, etc.) a faded appearance at the time of manufacture.
reccing: present participle and gerund of recc
dualled: simple past and past participle of dual
detrunk: To downgrade (a trunk road) to a normal highway.
untrunk: To remove from a trunk.
outfibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfib
reeming: present participle and gerund of reem
revowed: simple past and past participle of revow
reaward: To award again or anew.
glubbed: simple past and past participle of glub
defuels: third-person singular simple present indicative of defuel
hee haw: Alternative spelling of hee-haw
bouffed: simple past and past participle of bouffe
dekinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dekink
moisted: simple past and past participle of moist
ruttled: simple past and past participle of ruttle
crap up: To ruin, botch, bungle; to make a mess of.
crap up: To go wrong; to foul up; to make a mistake.
outmark: To surpass in marking.
deloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of deload
beloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of beload
whanked: simple past and past participle of whank
enweave: Alternative form of inweave
aims at: third-person singular simple present indicative of aim at
runs at: third-person singular simple present indicative of run at
ends in: third-person singular simple present indicative of end in
nips at: third-person singular simple present indicative of nip at
paws at: third-person singular simple present indicative of paw at
raps at: third-person singular simple present indicative of rap at
taps in: third-person singular simple present indicative of tap in
stanned: simple past and past participle of stan
behelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of behelm
impoors: third-person singular simple present indicative of impoor
inholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhold
entises: third-person singular simple present indicative of entise
encites: third-person singular simple present indicative of encite
abhours: third-person singular simple present indicative of abhour
snithes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snithe
acceeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of acceed
repynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of repyne
heauied: Obsolete spelling of heavied
ingages: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingage
tempres: third-person singular simple present indicative of tempre
coaking: present participle and gerund of coak
grayens: third-person singular simple present indicative of grayen
greyens: third-person singular simple present indicative of greyen
excocts: third-person singular simple present indicative of excoct
disters: third-person singular simple present indicative of dister
preblow: To blow (glass, plastics, etc.) in advance.
preblew: simple past of preblow
eluated: simple past and past participle of eluate
uphauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphaul
upbends: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbend
uprides: third-person singular simple present indicative of upride
uphelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphelm
outhike: To hike longer, farther, and/or faster than.
uncoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncoin
tappice: Alternative form of tappish
unached: simple past and past participle of unache
unaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of unache
skedded: simple past and past participle of sked
rearray: To array again
min-max: Alternative form of minimax
onloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of onload
fifthed: simple past and past participle of fifth
sixthed: simple past and past participle of sixth
tenthed: simple past and past participle of tenth
ninthed: simple past and past participle of ninth
hooraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of hooraw
conding: present participle and gerund of cond
Dutched: simple past and past participle of Dutch
Dutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of Dutch
oximate: To cause, or to undergo oximation
unpaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpave
pretold: simple past and past participle of pretell
pretell: To predict.
anheled: simple past and past participle of anhele
basened: simple past and past participle of basen
atroked: simple past and past participle of atroke
asweved: simple past and past participle of asweve
dandyfy: Alternative form of dandify
shmoked: simple past and past participle of shmoke
backfit: To retrofit.
redsear: To break or crack through brittleness when red-hot; to be red-short or hot-short.
be late: To arrive late. (This entry is a translation hub.)
be late: To have one’s menstrual discharge late, implying successful nidation suspected.
scooned: simple past and past participle of scoon
yahooed: simple past and past participle of yahoo
raggled: simple past and past participle of raggle
forlats: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlat
forbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of forbar
forbuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of forbuy
airstep: To suspend a limb without contact with the ground
attames: third-person singular simple present indicative of attame
affuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of affuse
ensafes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensafe
gildens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gilden
evulges: third-person singular simple present indicative of evulge
everses: third-person singular simple present indicative of everse
yo-yoed: simple past and past participle of yo-yo
beflags: third-person singular simple present indicative of beflag
swaping: present participle and gerund of swape
minxing: present participle and gerund of minx
retoned: simple past and past participle of retone
deafing: present participle and gerund of deaf
undelve: To reveal by delving; to dig up.
booknap: To steal a book.
outfund: To fund more than; to outdo in funding.
insends: third-person singular simple present indicative of insend
incarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of incarn
galping: present participle and gerund of galp
mouched: simple past and past participle of mouch
o'erlay: Alternative form of overlay
gollars: third-person singular simple present indicative of gollar
uncable: To undo the cabling of; to disconnect a cable or cables from.
besuits: third-person singular simple present indicative of besuit
besully: To make sullied or soiled; defile
befrost: To place frost upon; cover with frost
ear-tag: to attach an ear tag to the ear of an animal.
bedamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedamp
unmagic: To deprive of magic or of magical prowess
whitter: Alternative form of witter (“speak at length on a trivial subject”)
weested: simple past and past participle of weest
axenize: To make axenic
whummel: Alternative form of whemmel
crawing: present participle and gerund of craw
defroze: simple past of defreeze
rabbled: simple past and past participle of rabble
prinned: simple past and past participle of prin
bapping: present participle and gerund of bap
outsums: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsum
areared: simple past and past participle of arear
hailses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hailse
glossen: To make or become glossy or like gloss
beglues: third-person singular simple present indicative of beglue
beglued: simple past and past participle of beglue
detexts: third-person singular simple present indicative of detext
hobbels: third-person singular simple present indicative of hobbel
chalken: To make or become dry or desiccated, like chalk
dempnes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dempne
tees up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tee up
denizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of denize
infangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of infang
manèged: simple past and past participle of manège
dampnes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dampne
cullest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cull
tafting: present participle and gerund of taft
cry aim: To encourage an archer when shooting by crying "aim".
cry aim: To applaud or encourage.
peacens: third-person singular simple present indicative of peacen
wramped: simple past and past participle of wramp
snabble: To plunder.
snabble: To kill.
snabble: To gobble up.
perting: present participle and gerund of pert
preeved: simple past and past participle of preeve
preeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of preeve
noyaded: simple past and past participle of noyade
excells: third-person singular simple present indicative of excell
durving: present participle and gerund of darf
tharved: simple past of tharf
darving: present participle and gerund of darf
unbitch: To make or become less of or unlike a bitch; make or become unbitchy
dutched: simple past and past participle of dutch
mirates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirate
mirated: simple past and past participle of mirate
memeify: To form an Internet meme out of something.
lerping: present participle and gerund of lerp
moating: present participle and gerund of moat
precued: simple past and past participle of precue
precues: third-person singular simple present indicative of precue
tag out: To affix a label to (potentially dangerous machinery) to indicate why it has been shut down. To avoid accidents, only the person who affixed the label is authorized to remove it and restart the machinery.
tag out: To touch a contestant or player in order to do something, such as to remove a runner from play in baseball or to replace a wrestler with a teammate in tag-team wrestling.
tag out: To replace another person or take another person's place, such as in a shift change at a workplace.
tag out: To be replaced by another person, such as in a shift change.
easened: simple past and past participle of easen
sombred: simple past and past participle of sombre
spaffed: simple past and past participle of spaff
refeels: third-person singular simple present indicative of refeel
revomit: To vomit something back up.
newsing: present participle and gerund of news
yumping: present participle and gerund of yump
replank: To replace the planks of.
reaimed: simple past and past participle of reaim
scrawms: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrawm
dazened: simple past and past participle of dazen
shuckle: To sway back and forth during Jewish prayer.
breezen: To grow or develop into a breeze; be or become breezy
pilgers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pilger
steming: present participle and gerund of steme
hilched: simple past and past participle of hilch
hilches: third-person singular simple present indicative of hilch
scended: simple past and past participle of scend
shrowed: simple past and past participle of shrow
dehaulm: To remove the haulm or stem from.
pre-see: To foresee.
spaving: present participle and gerund of spave
disload: To unload; to disburden.
octroys: third-person singular simple present indicative of octroy
cotches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cotch
cotched: simple past and past participle of cotch
embread: To convert into bread.
sprents: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprent
anealed: simple past and past participle of aneal
scrived: simple past and past participle of scrive
scrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrive
bummles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bummle
bummled: simple past and past participle of bummle
made of: simple past and past participle of make of
simbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of simber
overpet: To pet excessively.
overpet: To overindulge; to spoil (a person).
star it: To appear as a star actor, especially on a provincial tour.
reworld: To reconstruct the world, or attempt to view it differently.
bravens: third-person singular simple present indicative of braven
gracens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gracen
smoaked: simple past and past participle of smoak
poshens: third-person singular simple present indicative of poshen
wastens: third-person singular simple present indicative of wasten
hidates: third-person singular simple present indicative of hidate
rankens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ranken
lay for: To wait (for someone) in order to surprise or attack them.
bageled: simple past and past participle of bagel
f*cking: present participle and gerund of f*ck
piss on: To express contempt for someone or something.
piss on: To reject (a person, an idea, etc.)
piss on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see piss, on.
browing: present participle and gerund of brow
sammied: simple past and past participle of sammy
wampish: To brandish or flourish, or be brandished or flourished.
wampish: To wriggle, twist or swerve about, like a fish swimming
couring: present participle and gerund of coure
dizzify: To make dizzy; to render someone confused and flummoxed.
rim out: To miss a basket by bouncing the ball off of around the rim.
rim out: To make, polish, perfect or clean the rim of an opening or hole.
rim out: To form a circle or rim around an opening or hole.
tab out: To pay one's tab and leave a bar.
tab out: To press the Tab key and a modifier key to move between tabs or windows.
redebut: To debut a subsequent time; to begin performing again.
dearmed: simple past and past participle of dearm
Floyder: To stroll around aimlessly as an aid to creativity.
shat on: simple past of shit on
ran low: simple past of run low
call to: To tempt (someone or something); to beckon; to be difficult to resist.
call to: To be caused to feel a spiritual urge to join the Catholic priesthood; to be fated to join the Catholic priesthood.
topbill: To star in; to be the leading actor or actress in (a series, etc.).
topbill: To give top billing to.
upridge: To raise up in ridges.
renowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of renown
park in: To park a vehicle in such a way as to prevent (a different vehicle) from leaving.
boshing: present participle and gerund of bosh
muddens: third-person singular simple present indicative of mudden
hand on: To transfer (something) to someone else, especially as a replacement for oneself (such as an official office or duty); to transfer something that was originally given to oneself from someone else.
grub up: To pull (something) up by the roots; to uproot.
dirtens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dirten
wine up: To get drunk on wine.
mud out: To remove dirt or mud from an area.
mud out: To become unusable or unreachable due to mud.
shoe up: To properly shoe a horse.
smouted: simple past and past participle of smout
blenked: simple past and past participle of blenk
retexed: simple past and past participle of retex
clap in: to enter or leave a place vigorously (as a clap of thunder); to proceed vigorously.
rosting: present participle and gerund of rost
frig up: To mess up or ruin; to fuck up.
zilched: simple past and past participle of zilch
wale on: Alternative form of whale on
mulshed: simple past and past participle of mulsh
mulshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mulsh
dinnles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dinnle
dinnled: simple past and past participle of dinnle
shirled: simple past and past participle of shirl
acoying: present participle and gerund of acoy
spelder: To split apart.
spelder: To spread out; to sprawl.
spelder: To spell.
yes and: To go along with what is offered, especially in a performative context, and to accept and expand upon it; to go with the flow; to take it in stride.
greasen: To make greased or greasy
walk in: To come without an appointment to a place that would normally require one.
walk in: To step to the rack again with after having stepped away in order not to hit it during execution of the exercise.
walk in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see walk, in.
puts to: third-person singular simple present indicative of put to
tots up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tot up
yaks on: third-person singular simple present indicative of yak on
Walmart: To shop at Walmart.
Walmart: To outcompete, or drive out of business, by one's superior size and market share.
pingled: simple past and past participle of pingle
refront: To change the front of (a building).
scernes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scerne
hishing: present participle and gerund of hish
disways: third-person singular simple present indicative of disway
ashened: simple past and past participle of ashen
privish: To publish a book only to have its distribution fully and intentionally cancelled.
widthen: To increase in width, or increase the width of; make or become wider or broader
senched: simple past and past participle of sench
senches: third-person singular simple present indicative of sench
noscope: Alternative spelling of no-scope
fileted: simple past and past participle of filet
crazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of crazen
niffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of niffer
scaiths: third-person singular simple present indicative of scaith
snashed: simple past and past participle of snash
snashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snash
fub off: Archaic form of fob off.
larumed: simple past and past participle of larum
moldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of molden
moulden: Alternative form of molden
mossens: third-person singular simple present indicative of mossen
briefen: To make or become brief
okering: present participle and gerund of oker
destalk: To remove the stalk (from a fruit etc.)
snugify: To make snug.
snurfed: simple past and past participle of snurf
blottos: third-person singular simple present indicative of blotto
thocked: simple past and past participle of thock
studdle: To support with such a prop.
reliced: simple past and past participle of relic
T posed: simple past and past participle of T pose
vocates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vocate
vocated: simple past and past participle of vocate
T-poses: third-person singular simple present indicative of T-pose
T-posed: simple past and past participle of T-pose
T poses: third-person singular simple present indicative of T pose
fullens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fullen
jayhawk: To steal.
Baidued: simple past and past participle of Baidu
hellify: to make hellish
cleered: simple past and past participle of cleer
slowens: third-person singular simple present indicative of slowen
middled: simple past and past participle of middle
acquite: Obsolete spelling of acquit.
lub-dub: Of a heart, to beat.
prerigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of prerig
mabbing: present participle and gerund of mab
teeteed: simple past and past participle of teetee
stammed: simple past and past participle of stam
daidled: simple past and past participle of daidle
tolting: present participle and gerund of tolt
denamed: simple past and past participle of dename
cheffed: simple past and past participle of chef
tacoing: present participle and gerund of taco
clouden: To make or become cloudy or clouded.
befruit: To endow, cover, or adorn with fruit (all senses); (by extension) to make fruitful.
reveted: simple past and past participle of revet
bennied: simple past and past participle of benny
stanced: simple past and past participle of stance
pickin': Pronunciation spelling of picking.
magging: present participle and gerund of mag
pheesed: simple past and past participle of pheese
arsling: present participle and gerund of arsle
premine: To mine (units of a cryptocurrency) in advance of that currency being made available to the public.
dope up: To use or abuse narcotics.
dope up: To administer narcotics to.
degrime: To remove the grime or caked dirt from.
kiddied: simple past and past participle of kiddy
hugened: simple past and past participle of hugen
blazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blazen
kelking: present participle and gerund of kelk
grumphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of grumph
chafens: third-person singular simple present indicative of chafen
leasowe: Alternative form of leasow
scowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of scower
Saudize: To make Saudi.
hazened: simple past and past participle of hazen
lazened: simple past and past participle of lazen
runched: simple past and past participle of runch
nervens: third-person singular simple present indicative of nerven
soapens: third-person singular simple present indicative of soapen
graymap: To represent (data) as a grayscale bitmap.
klomped: simple past and past participle of klomp
clauted: simple past and past participle of claut
subsort: To sort a subset of already sorted elements (by some secondary criterion).
mispart: To part or divide badly.
mispart: To miscast for a role.
gegs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of geg in
dadding: present participle and gerund of dad
babbits: third-person singular simple present indicative of babbit
untalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untalk
siffled: simple past and past participle of siffle
crooled: simple past and past participle of crool
hulloos: third-person singular simple present indicative of hulloo
unedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unedit
scrudge: Alternative form of scrouge (“to crowd; squeeze”)
scoting: present participle and gerund of scote
snooled: simple past and past participle of snool
hushens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hushen
delabel: To remove one or more label(s).
fleshen: To make or become fleshy; fill out
dumbens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dumben
daftens: third-person singular simple present indicative of daften
threapt: simple past and past participle of threap
dispent: simple past and past participle of dispend
incided: simple past and past participle of incide
expeded: simple past and past participle of expede
unfairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfair
palated: simple past and past participle of palate
refeoff: To feoff again; to invest with a fee or feud again.
inhaust: To draw inward or absorb.
rouling: present participle and gerund of roule
whummle: Alternative form of whemmel
hanched: simple past and past participle of hanch
brouzed: simple past and past participle of brouze
LJBFing: present participle and gerund of LJBF
hunt up: To hunt for; to seek out.
indrift: To drift in.
seareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sear
oxtered: simple past and past participle of oxter
chigged: simple past and past participle of chig
moileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of moil
wuzzled: simple past and past participle of wuzzle
chutted: simple past and past participle of chut
Batmans: third-person singular simple present indicative of Batman
tie out: To validate or check for accuracy; verify the balance of numbers or figures; audit
lumpens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lumpen
misscan: to scan incorrectly
icening: present participle and gerund of icen
perkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of perken
hive up: To stash or lay away for later use
fakened: simple past and past participle of faken
GOTOing: present participle and gerund of GOTO
reparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of repart
freefed: simple past and past participle of freefeed
depthen: To increase the depth of; make deep or deeper
krissed: simple past and past participle of kris
overpad: To pad excessively; to fill with too much padding.
oddjobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of oddjob
fudgels: third-person singular simple present indicative of fudgel
odd-job: To work by taking a variety of temporary jobs.
offheld: simple past of offhold
offheld: past participle of offhold
farbing: present participle and gerund of farb
hoorded: simple past and past participle of hoord
hawsing: present participle and gerund of hawse
garoted: simple past and past participle of garote
glacéed: simple past and past participle of glacé
routled: simple past and past participle of routle
routles: third-person singular simple present indicative of routle
brunted: simple past and past participle of brunt
whimmed: simple past and past participle of whim
deathen: To cause, bring about, or affect with deadness or death
deathen: Misspelling of deafen.
daikers: third-person singular simple present indicative of daiker
teering: present participle and gerund of teer
skrying: present participle and gerund of skry
bolused: simple past and past participle of bolus
vernate: To flourish.
resniff: To sniff again.
shadens: third-person singular simple present indicative of shaden
runkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of runkle
runkled: simple past and past participle of runkle
reearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of reearn
reeject: To eject again.
re-earn: Alternative form of reearn
rebeach: To beach or become beached again.
waqfing: present participle and gerund of waqf
spoffle: To fuss or bustle.
sudsing: present participle and gerund of suds
volving: present participle and gerund of volve
bellers: third-person singular simple present indicative of beller
spelked: simple past and past participle of spelk
kenting: present participle and gerund of kent
reuning: present participle and gerund of reune
elixing: present participle and gerund of elix
say aah: To open one's mouth wide and utter a prolonged /ɑ/ (usually to allow a medical examination).
inships: third-person singular simple present indicative of inship
xposted: simple past and past participle of xpost
solates: third-person singular simple present indicative of solate
solated: simple past and past participle of solate
unmoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmove
onlends: third-person singular simple present indicative of onlend
onloans: third-person singular simple present indicative of onloan
arrosed: simple past and past participle of arrose
unables: third-person singular simple present indicative of unable
untease: To disentangle; to tease apart.
unblank: To restore content to something that is blank.
uncombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncomb
unadorn: To add a feature or embellishment that makes something uglier; uglify.
unadorn: To remove the adornments from.
unbloat: To relieve the bloatedness of.
unbloat: To cease being bloated.
redrain: To drain again.
phwoars: third-person singular simple present indicative of phwoar
ziptied: simple past and past participle of ziptie
zipties: third-person singular simple present indicative of ziptie
zip-tie: Alternative form of zip tie
retease: Alternative form of re-tease
desinew: To remove the sinews from.
knitten: past participle of knit (“knitted, knit”)
reerode: To erode again.
undrain: To restore that which has drained away.
upwings: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwing
gut out: Endure stoically.
reweeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of reweed
unweeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unweed
resteep: To steep again.
sombers: third-person singular simple present indicative of somber
diching: present participle and gerund of dich
habbled: simple past and past participle of habble
habbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of habble
brashed: simple past and past participle of brash
debound: simple past and past participle of debind
debinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of debind
delived: Abbreviation of delivered.
sodders: third-person singular simple present indicative of sodder
scramps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scramp
scrambs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scramb
embound: To bound or enclose.
daunder: To stroll; to meander.
daunder: To go on without reaching a conclusion.
cretify: To become impregnated with salts of lime.
degears: third-person singular simple present indicative of degear
de-gear: Alternative form of degear
iteming: present participle and gerund of item
upgears: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgear
choired: simple past and past participle of choir
retooth: To fit with new teeth.
retotal: To total again.
unvisor: To remove or lift a visor from one's face.
unvisor: To reveal; to unmask or unveil.
outpays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpay
outpaid: simple past and past participle of outpay
decaled: simple past and past participle of decal
smallen: To make or become small; diminish
uncause: To revert or undo the causing of an act or action
uncause: To block or withstand the causing of an act or action
SCRAMed: simple past and past participle of SCRAM
sold up: simple past and past participle of sell up
synthed: simple past and past participle of synth
flasked: simple past and past participle of flask
edge in: To fit in with difficulty; squeeze in.
wownded: simple past and past participle of wownd
witteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wit
upswims: third-person singular simple present indicative of upswim
upstole: simple past of upsteal
nigheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of nigh
outlean: To lean outward.
outlean: To lean further than; surpass in leaning.
upsteal: To steal or creep upward.
renated: simple past and past participle of renate
upclose: To close up.
broasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of broast
tensens: third-person singular simple present indicative of tensen
resheet: To apply another sheet to; cover with another sheet.
rooling: present participle and gerund of rool
lairded: simple past and past participle of laird
upflies: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfly
incrept: simple past and past participle of increep
upflown: past participle of upfly
increep: To creep in; to make a furtive entrance.
sitskis: third-person singular simple present indicative of sitski
oopsies: third-person singular simple present indicative of oopsy
oopsies: third-person singular simple present indicative of oopsie
defoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of defoil
rejumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejump
mispost: To post badly or wrongly.
merches: third-person singular simple present indicative of merch
nichers: third-person singular simple present indicative of nicher
contund: To bruise or pound.
boodied: simple past and past participle of boody
outflee: To flee beyond; to outrun.
outfled: simple past and past participle of outflee
moteled: simple past and past participle of motel
sossled: simple past and past participle of sossle
weirden: To make or become weird
trothed: simple past and past participle of troth
kamerad: To surrender, as a German in World War II.
outwars: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwar
daddied: simple past and past participle of daddy
frithed: simple past and past participle of frith
achooed: simple past and past participle of achoo
poynted: simple past and past participle of poynt
poysing: present participle and gerund of poyse
woozing: present participle and gerund of wooze
uggling: present participle and gerund of uggle
amanded: simple past and past participle of amand
regrass: To plant with new grass.
nod out: To become drowsy and fall asleep; nod off.
anhyzer: To curve the way as that of the throwing arm, i.e. right for a right-hand player or left for a left-hand player.
anhyzer: To throw a disc with a curve the same way as that of the throwing arm, i.e. right for a right-hand player or left for a left-hand player.
Scotize: To make Scottish.
gerring: Getting.
gerrin': Contraction of gerring (getting).
niffled: simple past and past participle of niffle
niffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of niffle
reroles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerole
reroled: simple past and past participle of rerole
tagment: To cause, or to undergo tagmentation
stouked: simple past and past participle of stouk
caement: Archaic spelling of cement.
upsucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsuck
snod up: To trim; to set in order.
unflips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unflip
velured: simple past and past participle of velure
seeched: simple past and past participle of seech
dantons: third-person singular simple present indicative of danton
freshed: simple past and past participle of fresh
fur out: Synonym of fur (“to level a surface by applying furring to it”)
arriv'd: simple past and past participle of arrive
stirr'd: simple past and past participle of stir
ensewed: simple past and past participle of ensew
encalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of encalm
enjambs: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjamb
fuguing: present participle and gerund of fugue
qualmed: simple past and past participle of qualm
wildens: third-person singular simple present indicative of wilden
park up: To park one's motor vehicle.
humaned: simple past and past participle of human
floused: simple past and past participle of flouse
misblew: simple past of misblow
misblow: To blow incorrectly.
unfrizz: To remove the curls from (hair).
detwins: third-person singular simple present indicative of detwin
sootens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sooten
owe out: To be under an obligation to pay out on a debt; to owe
oddened: simple past and past participle of odden
held on: simple past and past participle of hold on
hung on: simple past and past participle of hang on
hearked: simple past and past participle of heark
sighten: To add a fugitive colour to (a paste), to enable the printer to determine whether the figures are well-printed or not.
becloak: To cover or surround, as with a cloak.
quander: To ponder or wonder about.
cryofix: To freeze cryogenically
git gud: To improve; to develop the necessary skill or expertise.
joyened: simple past and past participle of joyen
rancked: simple past and past participle of ranck
overtag: To place too many tags on.
overtag: To write a graffiti tag over another.
scarted: simple past and past participle of scart
tammied: simple past and past participle of tammy
gunates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gunate
gunated: simple past and past participle of gunate
befilms: third-person singular simple present indicative of befilm
emborse: Alternative spelling of imburse
refluff: To make fluffy again.
dwalmed: simple past and past participle of dwalm
nunates: third-person singular simple present indicative of nunate
preswab: To swab prior to some other operation
shmired: simple past and past participle of shmir
betones: third-person singular simple present indicative of betone
betoned: simple past and past participle of betone
reblank: To make blank again.
unsings: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsing
peizing: present participle and gerund of peize
pearced: simple past and past participle of pearce
pearces: third-person singular simple present indicative of pearce
forleft: simple past and past participle of forleave
biofoul: To foul (typically a wetted surface) biologically.
coadmit: To admit (a patient) jointly.
declamp: To remove a clamp
Saudise: Alternative spelling of Saudize
entyses: third-person singular simple present indicative of entyse
entysed: simple past and past participle of entyse
gone it: past participle of go it
goes it: third-person singular simple present indicative of go it
went it: simple past of go it
ensteep: To steep or submerge.
submark: To mark with a lesser or subsidiary mark.
gypsify: To diagenetically alter to gypsum.
gypsify: to become or make gypsy
rescrub: To scrub again.
wonging: present participle and gerund of wong
declump: To remove clumps (from)
becheat: to cheat; cheat out of
jayruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of jayrun
cam out: To slip out of the head of the screw being driven once the torque required to turn the screw exceeds a certain amount.
rounden: To make round or rounded
rounden: To become round or rounded
sunk in: past participle of sink in
sank in: simple past of sink in
magpied: simple past and past participle of magpie
astones: third-person singular simple present indicative of astone
astoned: simple past and past participle of astone
pam off: Pronunciation spelling of palm off.
cat-nap: Alternative form of catnap (either sense)
moering: present participle and gerund of moer
repaned: simple past and past participle of repane
repanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of repane
sonning: present participle and gerund of son
bendays: third-person singular simple present indicative of benday
bestrow: Alternative form of bestrew
bingled: simple past and past participle of bingle
boodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of boodle
vaguens: third-person singular simple present indicative of vaguen
sweeted: simple past and past participle of sweet
pot out: To remove (a potted plant) from its pot and plant it in a garden.
deagled: simple past and past participle of deagle
deagles: third-person singular simple present indicative of deagle
bronchs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bronch
breenge: To lunge forward, to dash ahead, to move recklessly.
rackled: simple past and past participle of rackle
criming: present participle and gerund of crime
scossed: simple past and past participle of scoss
scosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoss
burn in: To eat into, as fire.
burn in: To fix and render durable, as colours, by means of intense heat.
burn in: To imprint indelibly on the mind.
burn in: To exercise electrical components by means of burn-in.
recools: third-person singular simple present indicative of recool
pozzing: present participle and gerund of poz
hotbunk: To share bunks on a submarine, one crewmember sleeping while another is out on duty.
nighten: To become night or grow dark, as night.
arenize: To form sand by arenization
prosect: To dissect beforehand, as in preparation for an anatomical lecture.
digs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of dig in
rejapan: To japan again.
waughed: simple past and past participle of waugh
waffing: present participle and gerund of waff
scunned: simple past and past participle of scun
rabated: simple past and past participle of rabate
rabates: third-person singular simple present indicative of rabate
sconned: simple past and past participle of scon
outscam: To surpass in scamming.
go easy: To treat gently and with understanding.
go easy: To use sparingly or carefully.
beguide: To guide, direct
pointen: To make pointy or pointed
do bird: to do time (to serve a prison sentence).
beminds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemind
loadens: third-person singular simple present indicative of loaden
smokens: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoken
kepoing: present participle and gerund of kepo
no-sell: To act as if an attack from an opponent had no effect.
no-sell: To shrug off; to withstand without significant reaction or injury.
bewiled: simple past and past participle of bewile
quealed: simple past and past participle of queal
lithens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lithen
abs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of ab off
youngen: To make or become young.
pestify: To pester or annoy
pestify: To treat with a pesticide
viseing: present participle and gerund of vise
assized: simple past and past participle of assize
diswant: To not want; to reject.
redrink: To drink again.
redrunk: past participle of redrink
redrank: simple past of redrink
infeffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of infeff
shit up: To mess up; to ruin.
shit up: To cover or smear with excrement.
moraled: simple past and past participle of moral
sambaza: To send credit using the Sambaza system; (generally) to send or share something.
stilped: simple past and past participle of stilp
endewed: simple past and past participle of endew
overing: present participle and gerund of over
enminds: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmind
bowking: present participle and gerund of bowk
satined: simple past and past participle of satin
helixed: simple past and past participle of helix
rerocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerock
re-rock: Alternative spelling of rerock
bavined: simple past and past participle of bavin
dulcing: present participle and gerund of dulce
memeing: present participle and gerund of meme
fake it: To pretend to be capable or competent.
fake it: To feign a certain emotion.
restrip: To strip again.
refetch: To fetch again.
refetch: To fetch again.
refetch: To retrieve data previously stored in memory.
biospin: To spin (a fibre) biologically
fail of: To come short of accomplishing (a purpose); to fail to do.
boss up: To strive to reach one's goals through effort and determination; to start working hard.
squiese: Obsolete form of squeeze.
giggits: third-person singular simple present indicative of giggit
PvP log: To quit an online video game during combat against another player to avoid being killed.
piffing: present participle and gerund of piff
biosorb: To adsorb biologically
decream: to remove cream from
meekers: third-person singular simple present indicative of meeker
downcut: Deepen by erosion.
sueding: present participle and gerund of suede
kräusen: To condition (beer) by adding fermenting wort, so as to restart fermentation and introduce fresh carbon dioxide.
praysed: simple past and past participle of prayse
unkilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unkilt
prayses: third-person singular simple present indicative of prayse
unflush: To lose a flush of colour.
unplumb: To remove the lead from.
unplant: To dig up and remove (something planted).
sprucen: To arrange neatly; tidy up.
sprucen: To make oneself spruce (neat and elegant in appearance).
pops on: third-person singular simple present indicative of pop on
conflow: to flow together into one stream, to converge
dreaden: To bring about or fill with fear or dread; make dreaded or dreadful.
outfame: To become more famous than, particularly in a competitive sense.
Kurdify: to make Kurdish
lalling: present participle and gerund of lall
destink: Synonym of destinkify
reslime: To slime again.
mommied: simple past and past participle of mommy
deaging: present participle and gerund of deage
despike: To remove spikes (noise) from data or a graph
reelute: To elute again (make a second elution)
feasing: present participle and gerund of fease
embosks: third-person singular simple present indicative of embosk
outgnaw: To gnaw more or better than; to surpass in gnawing.
outfast: To surpass in fasting, or abstention from food.
outecho: To echo more loudly than.
misseat: To seat badly or wrongly.
reperks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reperk
bait up: To place bait on fishing tackle preparatory to fishing.
topcode: To censor a census response in this way.
florysh: Obsolete form of flourish.
pirning: present participle and gerund of pirn
teching: present participle and gerund of tech
ratched: simple past and past participle of ratch
gellify: Alternative form of jellify (“convert to a gel”)
unpatch: To undo the process of patching; to remove a patch from.
tittled: simple past and past participle of tittle
dothn't: doth not
farmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of farm
crofted: simple past and past participle of croft
detraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrap
respark: To spark again.
presorb: To absorb or adsorb prior to some other process
end off: Synonym of end up
end off: To finish, come to an end
end off: To bring to an end, conclude.
limnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of limn
limneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of limn
link in: to connect in a useful or meaningful way
crookle: To bend; to make crooked.
cruckle: To stumble after inverting or everting one's foot; to roll (but not necessarily sprain) one's ankle.
darking: present participle and gerund of dark
greeded: simple past and past participle of greed
appling: present participle and gerund of apple
crucked: simple past and past participle of cruck
giroing: present participle and gerund of giro
cans it: third-person singular simple present indicative of can it
outbuzz: To buzz louder or better than; to surpass in buzzing.
sowming: present participle and gerund of sowm
bite it: to bite the dust
rekills: third-person singular simple present indicative of rekill
arsoned: simple past and past participle of arson
toe-dip: To dip a toe into something.
toe-dip: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see toe, dip.
regrabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrab
dauners: third-person singular simple present indicative of dauner
joiking: present participle and gerund of joik
barreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bar
ice out: To shun; to give the cold shoulder.
ice out: To cover with diamonds.
besteps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestep
kevorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kevork
nitting: present participle and gerund of nit
re-view: Obsolete spelling of review
re-view: To view (something) again.
smouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of smous
smouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of smouse
bumphle: To form or cause a bumphle.
predubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of predub
prelays: third-person singular simple present indicative of prelay
prelaid: simple past and past participle of prelay
kebbing: present participle and gerund of keb
voidens: third-person singular simple present indicative of voiden
tie off: To close, seal, or end something by tying a knot.
tie off: To close (something) with string, thread, etc.
chaw up: To do for; to finish or use up.
empting: present participle and gerund of empt
undeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of undean
untooth: To remove the teeth from.
unselfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unself
unheals: third-person singular simple present indicative of unheal
leavyng: Obsolete spelling of leaving
rescrew: to screw again.
taulked: simple past and past participle of taulke
taulkes: third-person singular simple present indicative of taulke
receyve: Obsolete spelling of receive
punishe: Obsolete spelling of punish
relower: to lower again.
malpose: Synonym of malposition
sofaing: present participle and gerund of sofa
prechop: To chop beforehand, as in food preparation.
prechop: To carry out mechanical nucleofracture prior to phacoemulsification in cataract surgery.
auntied: simple past and past participle of auntie
spruing: present participle and gerund of sprue
flimmer: To glimmer, flicker.
biomark: To function as a biomarker, indicating a biological state or disease condition.
beclips: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclip
kaplunk: Alternative form of kerplunk
sumaced: simple past and past participle of sumac
curmurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of curmur
lipcurl: To perform a lipcurl.
lessing: present participle and gerund of less
shumacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shumac
unstamp: To undo the act of stamping something; to remove a stamp from.
hairing: present participle and gerund of hair
rieving: present participle and gerund of rieve
showran: simple past of showrun
tauting: present participle and gerund of taut
uncolor: To remove the color from.
uncolor: To become uncoloured.
encover: To cover.
wraggle: To wag about with a wiggling motion.
wraggle: To noisily try to convince others.
wraggle: To pester.
looksaw: simple past of looksee
looksee: Alternative form of look-see
rewears: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewear
outspun: simple past and past participle of outspin
blodged: simple past and past participle of blodge
blodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of blodge
eyelock: To lock eyes (with).
tumbing: present participle and gerund of tumb
saw red: simple past of see red
hondels: third-person singular simple present indicative of hondel
mollied: simple past and past participle of molly
deunify: To break up or leave a union.
fell up: simple past of fall up
fall up: To benefit in the long run from what seems initially to be a setback.
fall up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see fall, up.
enemied: simple past and past participle of enemy
lewding: present participle and gerund of lewd
PayPals: third-person singular simple present indicative of PayPal
reinfer: to infer again.
upfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of upface
upfaced: simple past and past participle of upface
gumphed: simple past and past participle of gumph
carnied: simple past and past participle of carny
foofing: present participle and gerund of foof
allodge: To lodge; to stay temporarily.
reperms: third-person singular simple present indicative of reperm
upbowed: simple past and past participle of upbow
sifteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sift
wuffing: present participle and gerund of wuff
untypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of untype
unbrush: To undo the result of brushing.
outsegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outseg
pleaing: present participle and gerund of plea
dog-sat: simple past and past participle of dog-sit
dog sat: simple past and past participle of dog sit
cat-sat: simple past and past participle of cat-sit
pet-sat: simple past and past participle of pet-sit
cat sat: simple past and past participle of cat sit
dog-sit: Alternative form of dogsit
pet sat: simple past and past participle of pet sit
cat sit: Alternative form of catsit
pet sit: Alternative form of petsit
pet-sit: Alternative form of petsit
cat-sit: Alternative form of catsit
dog sit: Alternative form of dogsit
dog nap: Alternative form of dognap
dog-nap: Alternative form of dognap
toffeed: simple past and past participle of toffee
fatig'd: simple past and past participle of fatigue
'tended: simple past and past participle of 'tend
unsleep: To be wakeful.
unsleep: To awaken; to become wakeful.
unsleep: To cause someone or something to go from a sleeping state to a wakeful one, or to deprive of sleep.
mislest: To molest, mistreat.
wissled: simple past and past participle of wissle
unevens: third-person singular simple present indicative of uneven
fligger: To sneer.
fligger: To grin.
go face: To attack or target the opponent directly, rather than their minions.
fits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fit up
sync up: To synchronize (footage) so that the audio and video components play together in correct alignment.
sunk up: past participle of sync up
optates: third-person singular simple present indicative of optate
optated: simple past and past participle of optate
donners: third-person singular simple present indicative of donner
re-mans: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-man
maliced: simple past and past participle of malice
goalied: simple past and past participle of goalie
yabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of yabble
yabbled: simple past and past participle of yabble
rutched: simple past and past participle of rutch
rutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of rutch
halping: present participle and gerund of halp
cockied: simple past and past participle of cocky
sarding: present participle and gerund of sard
panéing: present participle and gerund of pané
ooching: present participle and gerund of ooch
guizing: Alternative form of guising
recrack: To crack again.
gazumph: Alternative form of gazump
graples: third-person singular simple present indicative of graple
grapled: simple past and past participle of graple
-erized: simple past and past participle of -erize
-erizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of -erize
snow up: To prevent (an event) from occurring due to snow
snow up: To prevent (a person or thing) from leaving (a place) or using (a road or path) due to snow.
booling: present participle and gerund of bool
fonting: present participle and gerund of font
detrack: To eliminate a system of tracking, where pupils are taught separately according to perceived ability level, from (a school).
detacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detack
gone in: past participle of go in
goes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of go in
went in: simple past of go in
radiums: third-person singular simple present indicative of radium
TUPEing: present participle and gerund of TUPE
Maoises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Maoise
Maoizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Maoize
Maoised: simple past and past participle of Maoise
Maoized: simple past and past participle of Maoize
Marxise: Alternative form of Marxize
Marxize: To become or cause to become Marxist.
cleeked: simple past and past participle of cleek
Q spoil: Alternative form of Q-spoil
Q-spoil: Synonym of Q-switch
wrongdo: To do something wrong; to break a rule or offend.
gronked: simple past and past participle of gronk
titting: present participle and gerund of tit
depping: present participle and gerund of dep
cowched: simple past and past participle of cowch
grimmed: simple past and past participle of grim
Fedexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Fedex
fedexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fedex
fedexed: simple past and past participle of fedex
Fedexed: simple past and past participle of Fedex
pacting: present participle and gerund of pact
misspot: To mark (dice) with the wrong number of spots, generally in order to cheat.
meecher: Pronunciation spelling of meet you.
shivari: Alternative form of shivaree
preemed: simple past and past participle of preem
outbled: simple past and past participle of outbleed
candify: To candy.
candify: To make sweet or saccharine at the expense of serious meaning.
reembed: To embed again
thrumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrump
prelist: To list in advance.
ungrasp: To release one's grasp on; to let go of.
premail: To contact by mail in advance.
decruit: To reduce the workforce; to make (an employee) redundant.
destank: simple past of destink
destunk: past participle of destink
detanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detank
destats: third-person singular simple present indicative of destat
wembles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wemble
wembled: simple past and past participle of wemble
saw out: simple past of see out
bombase: To pad with, or as with, bombase.
bombase: To astonish.
taphold: To press a key on a keyboard and hold it down for a second or so
unwinch: To remove from a winch.
sadding: present participle and gerund of sad
echoize: To create onomatopoeic words or vocalizations (i.e. words which are imitative of the sounds of they represent).
echoise: British spelling form of echoize
nooking: present participle and gerund of nook
renumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of renumb
yadders: third-person singular simple present indicative of yadder
coveyed: simple past and past participle of covey
behangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of behang
ties in: third-person singular simple present indicative of tie in
tied in: simple past and past participle of tie in
revs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rev up
TiVoing: present participle and gerund of TiVo
manhaul: To pull sledges, trucks, etc. by human power, unaided by animals or machines.
oozling: present participle and gerund of oozle
threpes: third-person singular simple present indicative of threpe
quanted: simple past and past participle of quant
win big: to win easily or by a large margin
win big: to gain or make a lot of money
Rogeted: simple past and past participle of Roget
WeChats: third-person singular simple present indicative of WeChat
SLERPed: simple past and past participle of SLERP
slerped: simple past and past participle of slerp
relaned: simple past and past participle of relane
relanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of relane
deslots: third-person singular simple present indicative of deslot
x-rayed: simple past and past participle of x-ray
ungirth: To unfasten or remove a girth or belt from.
ungloss: To remove the gloss from; to make less glossy.
ungloss: To reverse the process of glossing; to make explicit what has been glossed over.
repalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of repalm
unpalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpalm
take it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see take, it.
take it: To start doing.
take it: To suppose.
take it: To reluctantly accept or believe; to acquiesce.
take it: To submit to passive sexual intercourse.
muzzing: present participle and gerund of muzz
deltaed: simple past and past participle of delta
star 69: To press the keys *69 in succession on the keypad of a telephone, usually after a missed call, which results in a last-call return by automatically dialling the telephone number of the last caller.
uncache: To remove from a cache.
boa'ded: simple past and past participle of boa'd
kackled: simple past and past participle of kackle
kackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kackle
jushing: present participle and gerund of jush
wire in: Synonym of wire away (“to act with vigour”)
naggled: simple past and past participle of naggle
naggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of naggle
outblot: To blot out.
re-read: Alternative form of reread
gouting: present participle and gerund of gout
grooped: simple past and past participle of groop
no-sold: simple past and past participle of no-sell
unparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpart
remoors: third-person singular simple present indicative of remoor
gallise: Alternative spelling of gallize
buanged: simple past and past participle of buang
unhoofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhoof
ingaged: simple past and past participle of ingage
ungorge: To relieve by vomiting.
ungorge: To purge; to empty out by removing something that should not be there.
ungorge: To discharge or relinquish.
wendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wend
vagrate: To wander randomly before settling in a new place to live.
vagrate: To wander freely with no destination.
vagrate: To vary.
5150ing: present participle and gerund of 5150
appuied: simple past and past participle of appui
appuyed: simple past and past participle of appuy
abattle: To do battle
abattle: To fortify, embattle
ebriate: To intoxicate.
onlined: simple past and past participle of online
onlines: third-person singular simple present indicative of online
fistles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fistle
fissled: simple past and past participle of fissle
fistled: simple past and past participle of fistle
enscarf: To wrap of muffle, as if in a scarf.
fiz-gig: Alternative form of fizgig
re-save: Alternative form of resave
unnukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnuke
un-nuke: Alternative form of unnuke
unnuked: simple past and past participle of unnuke
hexedit: Alternative form of hex edit
Zooming: present participle and gerund of Zoom
glacify: To become icy; to freeze into ice or ice crystals.
glacify: To cause to turn into ice.
restake: To stake again.
spleefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spleef
turboed: simple past and past participle of turbo
knew of: simple past of know of
chobble: To chew into small pieces.
chobble: Alternative form of trouble
epstein: To commit homicide and frame it as a suicide, especially against a witness or co-conspirator in a crime.
snooted: simple past and past participle of snoot
pimpin': Pronunciation spelling of pimping.
mulcify: Synonym of emulsify
mulcify: To soften.
mulcify: To soothe or mitigate.
misbred: simple past and past participle of misbreed
misbrew: To brew incorrectly.
bewiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewile
unfaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfave
unfaved: simple past and past participle of unfave
polites: third-person singular simple present indicative of polite
polited: simple past and past participle of polite
brucked: simple past and past participle of bruck
xmitted: simple past and past participle of xmit
stoomed: simple past and past participle of stoom
gnodded: simple past and past participle of gnodde
reädmit: Obsolete spelling of readmit
corears: third-person singular simple present indicative of corear
grateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grate
Lucased: simple past and past participle of Lucas
stiffle: Misspelling of stifle.
cobuilt: simple past and past participle of cobuild
cobuild: To build with another person or people.
conamed: simple past and past participle of coname
conames: third-person singular simple present indicative of coname
inspeak: To speak into, instill into.
bud off: Of a bud, to split from its parent and form a new plant, etc.; of a plant, to have a bud split off and form a new plant.
vidchat: To engage in a videocall.
uncrisp: To become less or not crisp.
uncrisp: To stop contorting or tensing (a part of one's body); to cause to be no longer contorted or tensed.
uncrisp: To stop being contorted or tensed (of a part of the body).
uncrisp: To stop (something) from rippling or undulating.
setmine: Alternative spelling of set mine
nounify: To turn into a noun.
murkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of murken
gooning: present participle and gerund of goon
doiters: third-person singular simple present indicative of doiter
pearcht: Obsolete spelling of perched
dirging: present participle and gerund of dirge
unyards: third-person singular simple present indicative of unyard
abegged: simple past and past participle of abegge
desumed: simple past and past participle of desume
hamburg: To annoy.
ensiege: Synonym of besiege
unclaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclap
stinked: simple past and past participle of stink
slinged: simple past and past participle of sling
emojify: To convert into an emoji.
alitize: Make a protective aluminium, aluminium oxide film on metals to gain heat resistance to oxidation.
re-sort: Alternative form of resort (Etymology 2, to sort again)
befraud: Synonym of defraud.
flinged: simple past and past participle of fling
stinged: simple past and past participle of sting
has got: third-person singular simple present indicative of have got
had got: simple past and past participle of have got
outyard: To gain more yards than.
unfuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfuse
filmify: To adapt or incorporate into a film; to filmize.
overhug: To hug excessively or too much.
untapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of untape
sonated: simple past and past participle of sonate
fluming: present participle and gerund of flume
writhle: to wrinkle, to shrink
glissed: simple past and past participle of gliss
cascode: To use or equip with a cascode.
piroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of piroot
felt up: simple past and past participle of feel up
smirted: simple past and past participle of smirt
genrefy: To sort a library collection so that books of the same genre are shelved together.
doddled: simple past and past participle of doddle
y'alled: simple past and past participle of y'all
Xboxing: present participle and gerund of Xbox
dehosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehost
defibre: Alternative spelling of defiber
uncrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrop
enrails: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrail
unaward: To rescind or revoke (an award).
beginks: third-person singular simple present indicative of begink
snitter: To giggle in a suppressed manner; to titter.
mudging: present participle and gerund of mudge
scrazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scraze
scrazed: simple past and past participle of scraze
gropple: To grope about.
prinkle: Alternative form of pringle (“to prickle or tingle”)
sleered: simple past and past participle of sleer
slounge: To move in a slouching manner.
fscking: present participle and gerund of fsck
rebless: To bless again.
flizzed: simple past and past participle of flizz
snafued: simple past and past participle of snafu
re-gift: Alternative form of regift.
maddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of maddle
crowled: simple past and past participle of crowl
maddled: simple past and past participle of maddle
regouge: To gouge again.
flummux: Obsolete form of flummox.
juwaubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of juwaub
yerding: present participle and gerund of yerd
lappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lap.
respake: simple past of respeak
dechoke: Synonym of unchoke
degated: simple past and past participle of degate
dehouse: To deprive of a house or houses.
degates: third-person singular simple present indicative of degate
thonked: simple past and past participle of thonk
runs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of run in
rumping: present participle and gerund of rump
yaffled: simple past and past participle of yaffle
mask up: To put on a mask, especially a safety mask or a medical facemask.
re-adds: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-add
re-tips: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-tip
re-dips: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-dip
BSODing: present participle and gerund of BSOD
plumeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of plume
plumest: second-person singular simple present indicative of plume
séanced: simple past and past participle of séance
seanced: simple past and past participle of seance
autoing: present participle and gerund of auto
dry hop: To infuse beer with hops during the later stages of the brewing process.
outruck: To outplay an opponent in a ruck
bunk up: To sleep in the same house, room or bed as someone else.
prebind: To bind in advance.
precent: To act as precentor, leading songs or prayers in a place of worship.
unnames: third-person singular simple present indicative of unname
love on: to show affection to
emplots: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplot
rockify: To adapt to the norms of rock music.
punkify: To adapt to the style and norms of the punk subculture.
oblated: simple past and past participle of oblate
preburn: To burn in advance.
dagnabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dagnab
mistint: To tint (paint) in the wrong color (from the perspective of the person who originally ordered the paint in a certain color).
hooshed: simple past and past participle of hoosh
hooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoosh
jpegged: simple past and past participle of jpeg
JPEGged: simple past and past participle of JPEG
pucking: present participle and gerund of puck
posh up: To make posh, or posher; to poshen
expunct: To expunge or erase.
unrakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrake
farring: present participle and gerund of far
proning: present participle and gerund of prone
stooden: past participle of stand
tutuing: present participle and gerund of tutu
desmear: To remove debris from a printed circuit board after holes have been drilled in it
faxxing: present participle and gerund of fax
hyzered: simple past and past participle of hyzer
varized: simple past and past participle of varize
valgize: To produce a lateral angulation of the distal segment of a bone or joint.
outbike: To bike better or faster than; to surpass in biking
Xeroxed: simple past and past participle of Xerox
mimping: present participle and gerund of mimp
hinform: Pronunciation spelling of inform.
unmails: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmail
re-edge: To renew, repair or restore the edge (of something).
ritzing: present participle and gerund of ritz
coin it: To make a large amount of money; to make a large profit.
handgag: to place one's hand over someone's mouth
uplists: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplist
redecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of redeck
redebug: To debug again.
uncrick: To relieve of a crick (cramp or spasm).
bro out: To hang out (with male friends)
gimbled: simple past and past participle of gimble
gimbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gimble
unstall: To release from a stalled state.
aburden: To burden, oppress
sortags: third-person singular simple present indicative of sortag
stroake: Obsolete spelling of stroke
remayne: Obsolete spelling of remain
gallets: third-person singular simple present indicative of gallet
outwoke: To be more woke than another.
downbet: To bet a smaller amount than in the previous round of bets
crowhop: Synonym of pigroot (“horse activity”)
pigjump: Synonym of pigroot (“horse activity”)
is like: third-person singular simple present indicative of be like
buys in: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy in
kotooed: simple past and past participle of kotoo
spoyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoyle
spoyled: simple past and past participle of spoyle
blother: Obsolete form of blather.
scorfed: simple past and past participle of scorf
dick up: To ruin; to spoil
wolf up: To wolf down; to eat voraciously.
go phut: To fail work, especially suddenly or with a noise
brosier: Alternative form of brozier
brozier: To bankrupt.
brozier: To steal provisions from the larder of (the school housekeeper).
quodded: simple past and past participle of quod
unclump: To remove the clumps from; to make smooth or evenly distributed again.
misdigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdig
pertect: Pronunciation spelling of protect.
ungrant: To revoke the granting of; to withdraw the approval or allowance of.
leap at: Synonym of jump at
rebevel: To bevel again.
boading: present participle and gerund of boad
repunch: To punch again.
operafy: To make into an opera or into the style of an opera; to make operatic.
deplace: To displace.
kootoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of kootoo
regrits: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrit
tobogan: Archaic form of toboggan.
chintze: Alternative form of chinse
remikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remike
remiked: simple past and past participle of remike
rebeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebeat
amoking: present participle and gerund of amok
misdubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdub
vaxxing: present participle and gerund of vax
warries: third-person singular simple present indicative of warry
warried: simple past and past participle of warry
outpope: Only used in outpope the Pope
chounse: To freshen a pillow by shaking it
chounce: Alternative form of chounse
'spired: simple past and past participle of 'spire
wropped: simple past and past participle of wrop
'spires: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'spire
potrack: To make such a shrill, high-pitched noise.
trieing: Misspelling of trying.
pulsest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pulse
pulseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pulse
cissing: present participle and gerund of ciss
clatted: simple past and past participle of clat
demyths: third-person singular simple present indicative of demyth
netdeck: To use decklists copied from the Internet.
go bust: To become bankrupt.
devoved: simple past and past participle of devove
skifted: simple past and past participle of skift
zhuzhed: simple past and past participle of zhuzh
cork up: To enclose in a bottle sealed with a cork.
cork up: Shut up; be quiet.
clap up: to imprison
seal up: to completely seal, enclose with a seal
bisqued: simple past and past participle of bisque
kelping: present participle and gerund of kelp
kesting: present participle and gerund of kest
loaving: present participle and gerund of loave
valsing: present participle and gerund of valse
quiched: simple past and past participle of quich
renague: Alternative form of renege
reshine: To shine or polish again.
galoped: simple past and past participle of galop
grenned: simple past and past participle of gren
blunked: simple past and past participle of blunk
becrowd: To crowd.
beclasp: To clasp.
clyting: present participle and gerund of clyte
cobless: To bless along with another
warrand: Obsolete form of warrant.
willeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of willey
deticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detick
willied: simple past and past participle of willy
pretune: To tune (typically a TV set) in advance
screamt: simple past and past participle of scream
alaying: present participle and gerund of alay
allegge: Obsolete form of allege.
anviled: simple past and past participle of anvil
askants: third-person singular simple present indicative of askant
unsafes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsafe
savveys: third-person singular simple present indicative of savvey
unsafed: simple past and past participle of unsafe
shetted: simple past and past participle of shet
shlepps: third-person singular simple present indicative of shlepp
shreeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shreek
shrewed: simple past and past participle of shrew
slishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slish
skidoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of skidoo
smitted: simple past and past participle of smit
smights: third-person singular simple present indicative of smight
slished: simple past and past participle of slish
spalded: simple past and past participle of spald
sownded: simple past and past participle of sownd
poesied: simple past and past participle of poesy
mimmick: Obsolete form of mimic.
mythize: Synonym of mythicize
'd best: Had best.
misdump: To dump incorrectly, such as at the wrong place or time, or to dump something that should not have been dumped.
boo-hoo: Alternative form of boohoo.
gooched: simple past and past participle of gooch
wedelns: third-person singular simple present indicative of wedeln
Airbnbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of Airbnb
zincize: To galvanize with zinc.
retir'd: simple past and past participle of retire
engag'd: simple past and past participle of engage
remov'd: simple past and past participle of remove
renew'd: simple past and past participle of renew
spoil'd: simple past and past participle of spoil
utter'd: simple past and past participle of utter
reply'd: simple past and past participle of reply
refin'd: simple past and past participle of refine
expos'd: simple past and past participle of expose
crack'd: simple past and past participle of crack
admir'd: simple past and past participle of admire
assur'd: simple past and past participle of assure
water'd: simple past and past participle of water
mourn'd: simple past and past participle of mourn
beatmix: To transition from playing one song to playing another by adjusting the second track so that its tempo and pitch match the song that is ending, resulting in a seamless flow of music with no break.
crêping: present participle and gerund of crêpe
cramble: To break apart.
cramble: To twist and wind irregularly.
cramble: To move unsteadily or with difficulty; to hobble.
misfarm: To do a poor job of farming.
gooping: present participle and gerund of goop
dechirp: To remove chirps from a signal
unmorph: To undo the act of morphing; to change back to its original form.
deheads: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehead
mommuck: Alternative form of mommick (“(dialectal:) to harass, bother”)
dog-leg: Alternative form of dogleg
upwheel: To wheel upward.
debadge: To remove a badge from.
quarred: simple past and past participle of quar
pogging: present participle and gerund of pog
jerk it: Of a male: to masturbate.
Wi-Fied: simple past and past participle of Wi-Fi
let lie: To leave a problematic situation untouched; to fail to react to prevent further harm.
pokered: simple past and past participle of poker
deroach: To rid of roaches.
oopsied: simple past and past participle of oopsy
hots up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hot up
rebands: third-person singular simple present indicative of reband
mistaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistap
shigged: simple past and past participle of shig
bivying: present participle and gerund of bivy
misfilm: To make an error when microfilming documents.
misfilm: To make a poor cinematic adaptation of
fedpost: To post violent threats on the Internet, ostensibly as an everyday citizen, but actually working as an undercover federal agent as a form of entrapment.
rebales: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebale
rebathe: To bathe again.
rebaled: simple past and past participle of rebale
reblade: To fit with new blades.
rebrush: To brush again.
recurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of recurl
redarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of redarn
redaubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of redaub
redefer: To defer again.
redelay: To delay again.
redeify: To deify again.
remasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of remask
reimpel: To impel again.
repawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of repawn
rerakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerake
reraked: simple past and past participle of rerake
replane: To plane (wood) again.
reshear: To shear again.
reshorn: past participle of reshear
resteel: To steel again.
reswept: simple past and past participle of resweep
trached: simple past and past participle of trache
retamed: simple past and past participle of retame
resweep: To sweep again.
retills: third-person singular simple present indicative of retill
retames: third-person singular simple present indicative of retame
reyoked: simple past and past participle of reyoke
traches: third-person singular simple present indicative of trache
reyokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reyoke
ringled: simple past and past participle of ringlead
reshore: To transfer a business operation back to its country of origin.
reshore: simple past of reshear
amuzing: present participle and gerund of amuze
do good: To act virtuously.
do good: To contribute positively; to aid.
BIRGing: present participle and gerund of BIRG
quaddle: To waddle
misfill: To supply the wrong thing in response to an order, prescription, or requirement.
misfill: To fill a receptacle incorrectly; to fill with the wrong contents, the wrong amount, or at the wrong time.
misfill: To enter the wrong information into.
swoshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swosh
swoshed: simple past and past participle of swosh
swiften: To make or become swifter or faster; to hasten.
misflip: To flip badly or in error.
play to: To act in a way most suitable to; to act in a way that best brings out (a quality, condition, etc.).
play to: To act in order to gain the attention or admiration of.
misfool: To fool or deceive; to cause to be mistaken.
disreef: To allow (a reefed parachute) to fully open.
disreef: To let out (a reefed sail) to increase the area it exposes to the wind.
tear at: To pull at violently.
tear at: To afflict or aggrieve.
muss up: To treat roughly.
muss up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see muss, up.
quirled: simple past and past participle of quirl
jacklit: simple past and past participle of jacklight
thesped: simple past and past participle of thesp
chopses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chopse
chopsed: simple past and past participle of chopse
misglue: To glue incorrectly.
bussin': Pronunciation spelling of bussing.
bussin': Pronunciation spelling of busting.
tommies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tommy
misgrab: To fail in an attempt to grab something
misgrip: To grip improperly.
mishung: simple past and past participle of mishang
mishang: To hang improperly.
verbate: To transcribe verbatim
geodize: To form into a geode
mishaul: To haul incorrectly, such as to the wrong location, at the wrong time, or involving the wrong load.
misheal: To heal improperly.
misheal: To provide the incorrect treatment to someone one is attempting to heal.
misherd: To herd into the wrong place.
mishire: To hire an unsuitable person for a job.
copered: simple past and past participle of coper
unlasso: To remove a lasso from.
intubed: simple past and past participle of intube
outhiss: To surpass in hissing.
outhurl: To surpass in hurling or throwing.
oxyweld: To weld using oxyfuel.
kibbosh: Alternative spelling of kibosh
hexated: simple past and past participle of hexate
hexates: third-person singular simple present indicative of hexate
tetrate: To perform tetration.
pentate: To perform pentation.
balters: third-person singular simple present indicative of balter
waifing: present participle and gerund of waif
corefer: To exhibit coreference; to refer to the same thing.
vertrep: To supply by vertical replenishment.
unflare: To restore from a flared position.
uncoifs: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncoif
divoted: simple past and past participle of divot
coboard: To board along with another
resoaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of resoap
gypsyfy: Alternative form of gypsify (“to make or become gypsy”)
onleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of onlead
overled: simple past and past participle of overlead
foreled: simple past and past participle of forelead
glow up: To undergo a glow-up.
glow up: To cause to undergo a glow-up.
misknit: To knit incorrectly; to make an error in one's knitting.
beleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of belead
fuffled: simple past and past participle of fuffle
fuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuffle
misknot: To tie a knot incorrectly.
mislace: To lace improperly.
decools: third-person singular simple present indicative of decool
disbond: To delaminate.
dovened: simple past and past participle of doven
berings: third-person singular simple present indicative of bering
educted: simple past and past participle of educt
gave me: simple past of give me
had fun: simple past and past participle of have fun
has fun: third-person singular simple present indicative of have fun
lets in: third-person singular simple present indicative of let in
keys up: third-person singular simple present indicative of key up
cohouse: To house with another
optotag: To employ optotagging as part of optogenetics
e-hails: third-person singular simple present indicative of e-hail
molrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of molrow
yeehahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeehah
fashies: third-person singular simple present indicative of fashy
fashied: simple past and past participle of fashy
misline: To incorrectly divide into lines.
mislogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislog
twagged: simple past and past participle of twag
reeches: third-person singular simple present indicative of reech
redebit: To debit again.
braunch: Obsolete form of branch.
pads up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pad up
hold to: To share or subscribe to (a belief, etc.).
hold to: To adhere strongly to (a conviction, story, etc.).
hold to: To compel (someone) to remain faithful to (a commitment, moral standard, etc.).
preffer: Misspelling of prefer.
kipsied: simple past and past participle of kipsy
zips up: third-person singular simple present indicative of zip up
analing: present participle and gerund of anal
cardens: third-person singular simple present indicative of carden
analled: simple past and past participle of anal
blemmed: simple past and past participle of blem
reslide: To slide again.
rerivet: To fit with new rivets.
reshuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshut
reshunt: To shunt again.
resnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of resnap
adelize: To make adelic.
Febreze: To spray with Febreze, a household odour eliminator.
stouped: simple past and past participle of stoup
vouvoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of vouvoy
soupify: To make into soup.
step it: To run away; scram.
mismend: To mend improperly; to attempt to fix without success.
mismeet: To come together but fail to properly communicate or connect in positive ways.
mismeet: To fail to properly satisfy or comply with.
bhopped: simple past and past participle of bhop
rubs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rub up
kept in: simple past and past participle of keep in
sneezle: To sneeze continuously or multiple times.
sneezle: To cause to sneeze.
rinched: simple past and past participle of rinch
rinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of rinch
tenukis: third-person singular simple present indicative of tenuki
snithed: simple past and past participle of snithe
pianoed: simple past and past participle of piano
look in: To visit a place or person briefly and casually.
Muzaked: simple past and past participle of Muzak
buttied: simple past and past participle of butty
mismold: To mold improperly, producing an unintended result.
backmap: To map in a reverse direction.
beeware: Obsolete form of beware.
becolor: Alternative form of becolour
laiting: present participle and gerund of lait
spraffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spraff
preeing: present participle and gerund of pree
wheeing: present participle and gerund of whee
wollops: third-person singular simple present indicative of wollop
encolor: Alternative form of encolour
forseen: past participle of forsee
misnail: To nail improperly.
skaited: simple past and past participle of skait
cloathe: Obsolete form of clothe.
misnest: To err when nesting one item or set of items within another.
copacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of copack
debosht: simple past and past participle of debosh
trilerp: to interpolate trilinearly
bilerps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bilerp
outload: to load (a watercraft etc.) with supplies or personnel.
misobey: To obey incorrectly; to make a mistake in following orders.
camback: To react or respond to a videographer who is filming by filming the videographer.
gymcels: third-person singular simple present indicative of gymcel
misopen: To open what one should not open.
misopen: To do a bad job of opening.
mispace: To do (something) at the wrong pace or speed.
mispace: To pace or step incorrectly.
sniting: present participle and gerund of snite
sops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sop up
chiveys: third-person singular simple present indicative of chivey
ran off: simple past of run off
talk to: To show the beginnings of a romantic interest in; to flirt with over a period of time in hopes of developing a romantic relationship.
talk to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see talk, to.
remetal: To metal (a road) again.
grogged: simple past and past participle of grog
conjoyn: Obsolete spelling of conjoin
Binging: present participle and gerund of Bing
rubs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of rub in
Yahooed: simple past and past participle of Yahoo
sorcell: Alternative form of ensorcell
farried: simple past and past participle of farry
bedirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedirt
seiyuus: third-person singular simple present indicative of seiyuu
preding: present participle and gerund of prede
redpill: Alternative spelling of red pill
kill it: To perform or do something outstandingly, to be very impressive.
kekking: present participle and gerund of kek
reamass: To amass again.
recaged: simple past and past participle of recage
recages: third-person singular simple present indicative of recage
chefing: present participle and gerund of chef
glamped: past of glamp
yuck up: To spoil; to make yucky.
TikToks: third-person singular simple present indicative of TikTok
held it: simple past and past participle of hold it
dunk on: To perform a slam dunk over (a defender).
dunk on: To better (someone) in a way that is humiliating for them.
took in: simple past of take in
boraxed: simple past and past participle of borax
boraxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of borax
tick on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see tick, on.; to continue ticking.
tick on: To elapse;
tick on: To continue; to keep occurring.
ruck up: To form untidy creases or folds in an article of clothing.
ruck up: To be brave, to show some courage, to keep moving forward in a difficult situation.
undupes: third-person singular simple present indicative of undupe
birddog: Alternative spelling of bird dog
zincise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of zincize.
joyhops: third-person singular simple present indicative of joyhop
Zuccing: present participle and gerund of Zucc
amps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of amp up
retoast: To toast again.
butt up: To touch closely, to scrape (against)
teasled: simple past and past participle of teasle
unwield: To cease to wield (a weapon).
upcrawl: To crawl upward.
boymode: To present as a boy, regardless of one's actual gender identity, especially of a trans woman.
forebar: Alternative form of forbar
quorked: simple past and past participle of quork
theraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of therap
pile in: To enter or move into a location or a vehicle in large numbers.
sourens: third-person singular simple present indicative of souren
squeald: Obsolete form of squealed.
'umours: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'umour
preplay: To visualize in advance.
mispark: To park badly or wrongly.
shampos: third-person singular simple present indicative of shampo
champos: third-person singular simple present indicative of champo
mispegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispeg
unwedge: To free from a wedged state or position.
FOIAing: present participle and gerund of FOIA
updomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of updome
updomed: simple past and past participle of updome
uberise: Alternative spelling of uberize
unhelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhelp
mispins: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispin
mispile: To pile badly.
detruck: To exit from a truck.
detruck: To unload things from a truck.
mispick: To pick incorrectly (any sense).
wingles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wingle
indraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of indraw
beds in: third-person singular simple present indicative of bed in
rest on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rest, on.
rest on: To depend on.
inuncts: third-person singular simple present indicative of inunct
yassify: To apply several beauty filters to (a picture or video of someone), typically making the subject look more made-up, potentially more feminine, and often unrecognizable.
yassify: To present (something) as fashionable and glamorous, often by removing or disguising aspects which are considered unappealing.
shikhos: third-person singular simple present indicative of shikho
blammed: simple past and past participle of blam
scobbed: simple past and past participle of scob
titched: simple past and past participle of titch
lassues: third-person singular simple present indicative of lassu
lassued: simple past and past participle of lassu
lugaoed: simple past and past participle of lugao
lugowed: simple past and past participle of lugow
vooping: present participle and gerund of voop
eyerape: To stare intensely and unremittingly at an individual.
hops it: third-person singular simple present indicative of hop it
fang it: To drive fast; to floor it.
momming: present participle and gerund of mom
skinpop: To inject drugs subcutaneously.
JPEGing: present participle and gerund of JPEG
dozzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dozzle
postcue: To cue afterwards
hellban: Synonym of shadowban
gulaged: simple past and past participle of gulag
loofaed: simple past and past participle of loofa
toraced: simple past and past participle of torace
bred up: simple past and past participle of breed up
backpat: Alternative form of back-pat
dubs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dub up
deannex: To remove an annex.
shutten: past participle of shut
gaspeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gasp
skrrted: simple past and past participle of skrrt
cripped: simple past and past participle of crip
renying: present participle and gerund of reny
nuts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of nut up
pregrab: To perform the pregrab trick.
freeski: To participate in freeskiing
blicker: To flicker, to shine or reflect light intermittently.
took to: simple past of take to
guruing: present participle and gerund of guru
unslice: To undo the process of slicing.
outwove: simple past of outweave
ozonify: To treat or react with ozone.
dassing: present participle and gerund of dass
satcast: To broadcast by satellite.
spected: simple past and past participle of spect
sploots: third-person singular simple present indicative of sploot
snammed: simple past and past participle of snam
rensing: present participle and gerund of rense
tiefing: present participle and gerund of tief
lepayed: simple past and past participle of lepay
star up: To transfer (an incarcerated juvenile offender) to an adult prison earlier than the usual age of 18 or 21.
drouged: simple past and past participle of drouge
drouges: third-person singular simple present indicative of drouge
took it: simple past of take it
frogtie: To tie the ankles of (a person) to their thighs, bending their knees 180°
quothed: simple past and past participle of quoth
soggify: To make soggy.
rotoing: present participle and gerund of roto
tar out: To punish; to pay back or take revenge on.
schnorr: to scrounge, sponge, cadge
ausform: To plastically deform (steel) as part of a certain process in order to improve its strength.
goodify: To make good; to improve.
goodify: To kill or murder a black person.
defluff: To remove the fluff from.
Iranize: Synonym of Iranianize
gekkers: third-person singular simple present indicative of gekker
decrabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrab
unmouth: To remove from one's mouth.
permixt: simple past and past participle of permix
unplots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplot
unpoint: To move out of a pointed posture.
unpries: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpry
unpuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpuff
unpried: simple past and past participle of unpry
freeran: simple past of freerun
unreefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unreef
unsheet: To remove a sheet or sheets from; to uncover.
upspurt: To spurt upward.
unroast: Hypothetically, to undo the roasting of; to uncook.
unroast: Among raw food enthusiasts: To process (vegetables) in a dehydrator, as an alternative to roasting them.
rugbied: simple past and past participle of rugby
sexpect: To have an expectation of or relating to sex.
dejuice: To remove the juice from.
ineying: present participle and gerund of ineye
deshape: To remove or distort the shape of; to deform.
frigefy: Alternative form of frigify
frigify: To make cold or frigid.
physrep: To use a physrep.
dekecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dekeck
ghoomed: simple past and past participle of ghoom
giddify: To make giddy.
netmind: To goaltend.
4gotten: past participle of 4get
4giving: present participle and gerund of 4give
unshawl: To remove one's shawl.
unshawl: To remove a shawl from.
took up: simple past of take up
bungeed: simple past and past participle of bungee
pooring: present participle and gerund of poor
colabel: To label along with another
softsub: To transcribe or overlay softsubs (onto a video).
code up: To create by coding or programming.
museify: Alternative form of museumify
girking: present participle and gerund of girk
faggify: To make homosexual or faggish.
snarted: simple past and past participle of snart
kacking: present participle and gerund of kack
bewings: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewing
recupes: third-person singular simple present indicative of recupe
recuped: simple past and past participle of recupe
gutsing: present participle and gerund of guts
realarm: To alarm again.
reawait: To await again.
reclang: To clang again.
rechant: To chant again.
rehedge: To hedge again.
rewalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewall
absorps: third-person singular simple present indicative of absorp
fullfil: Misspelling of fulfill.
wheetle: To make a sharp high-pitched vocal sound, as young birds and certain animals do.
wopping: present participle and gerund of wop
knodden: past participle of knead
adhesed: simple past and past participle of adhese
adheses: third-person singular simple present indicative of adhese
tutoied: simple past and past participle of tutoie
houseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of house
upstrap: To strap up
gapfill: Synonym of fill in the blank.
exodust: Of an African-American: To leave a Southern state as part of a mass migration, especially the Exodus of 1879.
sharent: To document one's child's upbringing on social media, typically by posting photos, videos, etc.
misplug: To plug incorrectly.
misplot: To incorrectly mark the position of.
misplot: To make an error in planning a trajectory or route.
misplot: To make a mistake in forming a course of action or storyline.
dialize: Alternative form of dialyze
mispour: To make a mistake while pouring.
prævail: Obsolete spelling of prevail
prævale: Obsolete form of prevail.
fleaked: simple past and past participle of fleak (synonym of flaked)
fleaked: simple past and past participle of fleak (synonym of flecked)
depenis: To remove the penis of.
anheros: third-person singular simple present indicative of anhero
hash up: To jumble together without order or regularity.
JAQ off: To ask loaded questions inviting someone to justify their views or behaviours, in an attempt to make tangential claims of little verisimilitude appear acceptable.
vamouse: Alternative form of vamoose
vamoosh: Alternative form of vamoose
whiddle: To inform on someone.
relaths: third-person singular simple present indicative of relath
unjewel: To remove the jewels from.
regraph: To graph again
deny of: To deny; to deprive of.
convels: third-person singular simple present indicative of convel
avelled: simple past and past participle of avel
kneeles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kneele
unmates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmate
unnoose: To free from a noose.
unplank: To remove the planks from.
unplays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplay
unprint: Hypothetically, to undo the printing of.
yinging: present participle and gerund of ying
upbelch: To belch upward.
unslide: To slide back; to open or unfasten by sliding.
unwaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwax
upcrept: simple past and past participle of upcreep
upfloat: To float upward.
upcreep: To creep upwards.
shlicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shlick
unchest: To remove from a chest.
hidated: simple past and past participle of hidate
unchurn: Hypothetically, to undo the churning of.
rewhips: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewhip
funpost: Synonym of shitpost
left on: simple past and past participle of leave on
'onours: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'onour
hapneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of happen
alloued: simple past and past participle of allou
desilos: third-person singular simple present indicative of desilo
untress: To free (the hair) from tresses.
decated: simple past and past participle of decate
decates: third-person singular simple present indicative of decate
unwheel: To remove the wheel or wheels from.
upspout: To spout upward.
unzones: third-person singular simple present indicative of unzone
uptower: To tower above; to loom.
unwrest: To restore from a wrested or distorted state.
unroves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrove
unroved: simple past and past participle of unrove
upstick: Misspelling of up stick.
cocited: simple past and past participle of cocite
bewills: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewill
unbefit: Not to befit or suit; to be inappropriate for.
unbefit: To make unfit or unsuitable.
Oprahed: simple past and past participle of Oprah
gnoddes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnodde
warshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of warsh
warshed: simple past and past participle of warsh
emerize: To pass (fabric) over emery-covered rollers to give it a soft finish.
blawged: simple past and past participle of blawg
plow in: To cover by plowing
plow in: To invest money into
reusurp: To usurp again.
overfry: To fry for too long.
zhuzhes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zhuzh
unbaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbait
unbarbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbarb
unallot: To carry out the unallotment of.
unbrail: To undo the brailing of a sail.
subcite: To review and verify the citations in an legal article.
unpawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpawn
unhocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhock
rehoist: To hoist again.
rejoist: To replace the joists of.
unhoist: To bring back down (something previously hoisted).
unhedge: To undo the hedging of (in various senses).
unfouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfoul
unadapt: To undo the process of adaptation; to revert or restore to an original form.
gristed: simple past and past participle of grist
wasping: present participle and gerund of wasp
swiking: present participle and gerund of swike
swicken: past participle of swike
bin off: To throw away, dispose of; (by extension) to get rid of, put away.
sourded: simple past and past participle of sourd
untilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of untilt
unwhips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwhip
unpetal: To strip the petals from (a flower).
untrice: To release something previously triced, i.e. hoisted and tied up.
star-69: Alternative form of star 69
str8ned: simple past and past participle of str8n
baddens: third-person singular simple present indicative of badden
ferking: present participle and gerund of ferk
acheive: Misspelling of achieve.
rebungs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebung
1dering: present participle and gerund of 1der
FAFOing: present participle and gerund of FAFO
dumbcow: To browbeat; to intimidate or cow.
suading: present participle and gerund of suade
resmoke: To smoke again.
de-gays: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-gay
xferred: simple past and past participle of xfer
xformed: simple past and past participle of xform
skysurf: To practice the sport of skysurfing.
Moodled: simple past and past participle of Moodle
Moodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of Moodle
enjoyns: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjoyn
subjoyn: Obsolete form of subjoin.
enjoyne: Obsolete form of enjoin.
tawnies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tawny
avigate: To perform aerial navigation.
wet out: to thoroughly soak a fiber in water for the even application of dye
churgle: To chuckle and gurgle at the same time
churgle: To hum or rumble, as an engine
ahemmed: simple past and past participle of ahem
Greeked: simple past and past participle of Greek
sux0red: simple past and past participle of sux0r
r0x0red: simple past and past participle of r0x0r
fux0red: simple past and past participle of fux0r
flanned: simple past and past participle of flan
dowdied: simple past and past participle of dowdy
e-signs: third-person singular simple present indicative of e-sign
Ku-Klux: To lynch (a person) as part of Ku Klux Klan activities.
kill0rs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kill0r
sexx0rs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sexx0r
sex0red: simple past and past participle of sex0r
undirty: To make not dirty.
frowses: third-person singular simple present indicative of frowse
frowzed: simple past and past participle of frowze
frowzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of frowze
frowsed: simple past and past participle of frowse
rest up: To have a rest
re-iced: simple past and past participle of re-ice
re-ices: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-ice
de-spun: simple past and past participle of de-spin
despins: third-person singular simple present indicative of despin
de-spin: Alternative form of despin
outdash: To dash faster than.
HODLing: present participle and gerund of HODL
lets up: third-person singular simple present indicative of let up
xbreeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of xbreed
oxydize: Obsolete spelling of oxidize
mabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mabble
Oprah'd: simple past and past participle of Oprah
meänder: Rare spelling of meander.
rileked: simple past and past participle of rilek
gets by: third-person singular simple present indicative of get by
easters: third-person singular simple present indicative of easter
outjogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjog
wedeled: simple past and past participle of wedel
whomble: Alternative spelling of whemmel
whommle: Alternative spelling of whemmel
rekerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of rekern
reeched: simple past and past participle of reech
reshone: simple past and past participle of reshine
rosying: present participle and gerund of rosy
reblaze: To blaze again or anew.
rownded: simple past and past participle of rownd
sowssed: simple past and past participle of sowsse
sowsses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sowsse
reputty: To putty again.
marconi: To send (a message) via radio.
marconi: To contact (someone) via radio.
worrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of worret
fexting: present participle and gerund of fext
khalass: To kill.
preedit: To edit in advance.
unstage: To move (a file) out of the staging area (where files are kept in preparation to be committed and deployed).
cruized: simple past and past participle of cruize
flotate: To float.
enveigh: Alternative form of inveigh
overren: Obsolete form of overrun.
deliuer: obsolete typography of deliver
unvizor: Alternative form of unvisor
insoled: simple past and past participle of insole
labells: third-person singular simple present indicative of labell
overjut: To jut out over.
hooroos: third-person singular simple present indicative of hooroo
excysts: third-person singular simple present indicative of excyst
allieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ally
air-fry: To cook with an air fryer. To cook by circulating hot air.
air fry: Alternative spelling of air-fry
allyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ally
allyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ally
alliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ally
bedrunk: past participle of bedrink
snorked: simple past and past participle of snork
dedrift: To remove drift from experimental data
fvcking: present participle and gerund of fvck
gothify: To make Gothic (in any sense).
s*cking: present participle and gerund of s*ck
sits by: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit by
sit for: To take care of children in the absence of their parents; to work as a babysitter for someone.
sit for: To serve as a model for an artist or as the subject of a piece of art.
gollops: third-person singular simple present indicative of gollop
wharved: simple past and past participle of wharve
upscore: To get an improved or higher score.
compast: simple past and past participle of compass
sat for: simple past and past participle of sit for
sits on: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit on
compand: To subject to a companding process.
foyling: present participle and gerund of foyle
devalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of devall
te-hees: third-person singular simple present indicative of te-hee
buisted: simple past and past participle of buist
scouged: simple past and past participle of scoug
ritting: present participle and gerund of rit
ritting: present participle and gerund of ritt
lawmade: simple past and past participle of lawmake
outsnap: To outphotograph.
lawmake: To pass or enact laws; to legislate.
schwack: alternative form of whack
Celtify: Synonym of Celticize
unspill: Hypothetically, to undo the spilling of.
degloss: To remove the glossy finish from.
frayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fray
frayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fray
farteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fart
stubify: To make something use stubs (placeholder procedures).
bemedal: To award a medal to; to adorn with a medal.
obumber: To overshadow or to obscure.
adumber: To overshadow or to obscure.
Pateled: simple past and past participle of Patel
run mad: To go mad.
find in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see find, in.
find in: To supply (someone) with (something).
dakking: present participle and gerund of dak
unadopt: To give up (someone or something previously adopted).
unblush: To cease to blush; to recover from embarrassment.
misgage: Alternative form of misgauge
regaged: simple past and past participle of regage
regages: third-person singular simple present indicative of regage
inpaint: To reconstruct missing or damaged portions of images by interpolation of surrounding areas.
vabbing: present participle and gerund of vab
rotovap: To process (a sample or substance) with a rotary evaporator.
flytips: Alternative form of fly-tips, present of flytip
kinning: present participle and gerund of kin
precopy: To copy in advance.
preaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of preace
preaced: simple past and past participle of preace
lain to: past participle of lie to
lies to: third-person singular simple present indicative of lie to
fu*king: present participle and gerund of fu*k
RP walk: To make the character one's playing walk, as opposed to running, which is the default form of character movement in most video games.
POSTing: present participle and gerund of POST
quickle: To pickle (food) rapidly, without the need for long storage.
Duluxed: simple past and past participle of Dulux
Duluxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Dulux
upmixed: simple past and past participle of upmix
upmixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upmix
aperest: To arrest a black person.
uncrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncram
droyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of droyle
phonied: simple past and past participle of phony
yabbing: present participle and gerund of yab
unscare: To make a person no longer scared.
crap on: to treat very badly; to thoroughly insult or demean.
isekais: third-person singular simple present indicative of isekai
prebunk: To counter potential misinformation by warning people against it before it is disseminated.
Kramers: third-person singular simple present indicative of Kramer
bedwets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedwet
wedsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of wedset
lissens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lissen
faseled: simple past and past participle of fasel
espyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of espy
espyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of espy
net out: To add up to a net amount of money.
fooming: present participle and gerund of foom
becasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of becast
unbench: To remove or disqualify from a bench.
wrimple: To wrinkle, rumple.
unclimb: To undo the climbing of; to climb down or back from.
wakkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of wakken
Māorify: Alternative spelling of Maorify
tawnied: simple past and past participle of tawny
kudosed: simple past and past participle of kudos
kudoses: third-person singular simple present indicative of kudos
predamn: To damn in advance; to predestinate to damnation.
pretans: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretan
stoodst: second-person singular simple past indicative of stand
verbest: second-person singular simple present indicative of verb
verbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of verb
cryedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of cry
divedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of dive
camedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of come
rakedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of rake
copedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of cope
bangeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bang
rackest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rack
racketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of rack
besails: third-person singular simple present indicative of besail
sliking: present participle and gerund of slike
get got: To get taken or apprehended; to get beaten or defeated; be vanquished or come to some form of demise.
bileing: present participle and gerund of bile
iotates: third-person singular simple present indicative of iotate
reslung: simple past and past participle of resling
resling: To sling again.
prewhip: To whip in advance.
encoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of encoop
canneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of can
cannest: second-person singular simple present indicative of can
enherit: Obsolete form of inherit.
bespaul: Alternative spelling of bespawl
codebug: To debug together.
hypoing: present participle and gerund of hypo
relawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of relawn
Lucases: third-person singular simple present indicative of Lucas
vacayed: simple past and past participle of vacay
deskunk: To remove the smell of a skunk from (a pet dog, etc.).
misheld: simple past and past participle of mishold
guilten: To guilt; to make someone feel guilty
guilten: To become guilty; to start to feel guilty
mispull: To pull badly, using incorrect technique.
mispull: To pull something that one should not pull.
sneeded: simple past and past participle of sneed
ekphore: Alternative form of ecphore
ecphore: To activate a latent engram as part of memory retrieval.
enkraal: To place in a kraal.
die-cut: To cut with dies; to use a die to shear webs of low-strength material.
yegging: present participle and gerund of yegg
Coug it: To fail; to blow it, often by making a mistake at the last moment.
misputs: third-person singular simple present indicative of misput
chemoed: simple past and past participle of chemo
misputt: To putt badly or wrongly.
desnows: third-person singular simple present indicative of desnow
manavel: Alternative form of manarvel
mathing: present participle and gerund of math
withold: Obsolete spelling of withhold
witheld: simple past and past participle of withold
reddits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reddit
Reddits: third-person singular simple present indicative of Reddit
outdumb: To surpass in dumbness; to be dumber than.
mispump: To pump incorrectly.
sickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sicker
gook up: To cover or smear with grime or mud.
hmpfing: present participle and gerund of hmpf
frelled: simple past and past participle of frell
redumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of redump
mistone: To give a bad or wrong tone to.
co-feed: To feed together with a different taxon
unjails: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjail
topwork: To perform a graft on a fruit tree to change it to a more popular or profitable cultivar.
outcuss: To outcurse.
capoted: simple past and past participle of capot
repured: simple past and past participle of repure
exeemed: simple past and past participle of exeem
repures: third-person singular simple present indicative of repure
wazzing: present participle and gerund of wazz
remeded: simple past and past participle of remede
remeads: third-person singular simple present indicative of remead
inmarry: To marry a member of one's ingroup.
outcure: To cure more effectively than; to surpass in curing.
jigs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of jig up
unfunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfund
sushify: To prepare (a food), such as rice, in a sushilike form.
sushify: To be given an experience of eating sushi.
sushify: To slice up (as if for sushi).
dartied: simple past and past participle of darty
darties: third-person singular simple present indicative of darty
whamble: Alternative spelling of whemmel
got got: simple past and past participle of get got
whuffed: simple past and past participle of whuff
helmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of helm
helmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of helm
moobing: present participle and gerund of moob
upbrace: To brace up.
upbuoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbuoy
upshuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upshut
go brrr: To go out of control; to increase or thrive despite opposition.
upwhirr: To rise with a whirring sound.
unslate: To remove slates from.
forlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlay
forlaid: simple past and past participle of forlay
par off: To reject, ignore, or spurn.
par off: To put or give away.
par off: To insult.
par off: To handle; to deal with.
jiffled: simple past and past participle of jiffle
jiffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jiffle
blepped: simple past and past participle of blep
desized: simple past and past participle of desize
desizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of desize
baggsed: simple past and past participle of baggs
baggses: third-person singular simple present indicative of baggs
auoided: obsolete typography of avoided
spec up: To improve or optimize the attributes of (something).
rizzing: present participle and gerund of rizz
rizz up: To seduce a (usually female) love interest; to attract someone using rizz.
overram: To seat (a cartridge, projectile, or propellant charge) too far into the breech of a firearm by pushing or striking excessively.
umcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of umcast
hardsub: To hard code subtitles onto a video file, permanently modifying the file.
sdeined: simple past and past participle of sdein
shaloms: third-person singular simple present indicative of shalom
gollers: third-person singular simple present indicative of goller
greetes: third-person singular simple present indicative of greete
beseeke: Obsolete spelling of beseek
bipacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bipack
bighted: simple past and past participle of bight
bloosme: To bloom; to blossom.
guesten: To entertain as a guest; to lodge as a guest.
beswarm: To swarm over; to envelop in a swarm.
bedunce: To treat as, or reduce to, a dunce; to make stupid.
soogied: simple past and past participle of soogie
soogies: third-person singular simple present indicative of soogie
steares: third-person singular simple present indicative of steare
recoach: To coach again; to retrain.
airning: present participle and gerund of airn
dawnder: Alternative form of daunder (“stroll”)
dawners: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawner
reeketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of reek
donders: third-person singular simple present indicative of donder
enfixed: simple past and past participle of enfix
enfixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enfix
t-boned: simple past and past participle of t-bone
youffed: simple past and past participle of youff
smirred: simple past and past participle of smirr
smalmed: simple past and past participle of smalm
seshing: present participle and gerund of sesh
crudded: simple past and past participle of crud
dwaumed: simple past and past participle of dwaum
cointer: To bury together; inter.
mozzing: present participle and gerund of mozz
yeelded: simple past and past participle of yeeld
zooting: present participle and gerund of zoot
poop on: To upset the progress of; to ruin.
rejerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejerk
unjerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjerk
wrooped: simple past and past participle of wroop
manmode: To present as a man, regardless of one's actual gender identity, especially of a trans woman.
dogwalk: To walk a dog, sometimes on a professional basis.
dogwalk: To outclass or overpower (someone) in a game etc.
thrists: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrist
thrangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrang
boohing: present participle and gerund of booh
boodled: simple past and past participle of boodle
bopeeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bopeep
aemules: third-person singular simple present indicative of aemule
aemuled: simple past and past participle of aemule
adreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of adread
araysed: simple past and past participle of arayse
arayses: third-person singular simple present indicative of arayse
inbread: Synonym of impanate
reglass: To replace the glass in.
destack: Synonym of unstack
NFA'ing: present participle and gerund of NFA
endoing: present participle and gerund of endo
tazzing: present participle and gerund of tazz
pelteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pelt
peltest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pelt
b-boyed: simple past and past participle of b-boy
B-boyed: simple past and past participle of B-boy
sh**ted: simple past and past participle of sh**
f******: present participle of f***
kneaden: past participle of knead
ceazing: present participle and gerund of ceaze
chauffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chauff
coreign: To reign jointly.
creaghs: third-person singular simple present indicative of creagh
creachs: third-person singular simple present indicative of creach
vealing: present participle and gerund of veal
whippes: third-person singular simple present indicative of whippe
incubed: simple past and past participle of incube
outpeal: To surpass in pealing; to peal louder than.
outfold: To fold outward.
outspew: To spew out.
outsuck: To suck more or better than.
Rareyfy: To train or tame (a horse) according to the methods of John Solomon Rarey.
outpipe: To surpass in piping; to pipe better than.
reburst: To burst again.
recrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of recrop
recable: To cable again; to fit or connect with new cabling.
reflour: To flour again.
recrush: To crush again.
redeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of redeed
refords: third-person singular simple present indicative of reford
reslays: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslay
restirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of restir
resinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of resink
rewarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewarn
reslain: past participle of reslay
reswage: To swage again.
teefing: present participle and gerund of teef
unstirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstir
te-heed: simple past and past participle of te-hee
unbeard: To remove one's beard; remove the beard of.
sprited: simple past and past participle of sprite
minnock: To act or speak with affected niceness.
minnock: To imitate or mimic the behaviour of one's superiors; to ape.
minnock: To fool or monkey around.
co-edit: Alternative form of coedit.
uplooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of uploom
uptwist: To twist upward.
uptwirl: To twist upward.
queeked: simple past and past participle of queek
upflood: To flood upward.
queaked: simple past and past participle of queak
upflare: To flare upward.
jebaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of jebait
jarbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jarble
jarbled: simple past and past participle of jarble
refloss: To floss again.
rewhisk: To whisk again.
undamns: third-person singular simple present indicative of undamn
untrill: To remove the trill from.
musties: third-person singular simple present indicative of musty
shrumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrump
unports: third-person singular simple present indicative of unport
dampned: simple past and past participle of dampne
updoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of updoot
restood: simple past and past participle of restand
restand: To stand again (for office).
acts on: third-person singular simple present indicative of act on
ages up: third-person singular simple present indicative of age up
aged up: simple past and past participle of age up
belulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of belull
bassett: Alternative form of basset
besport: To sport; to play.
arms up: third-person singular simple present indicative of arm up
asks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of ask in
buncing: present participle and gerund of bunce
awsking: present participle and gerund of awsk
b***hed: simple past and past participle of b***h
awroths: third-person singular simple present indicative of awroth
bags up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bag up
b***hes: third-person singular simple present indicative of b***h
fixedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of fix
cavault: Obsolete form of cavort.
pegs it: third-person singular simple present indicative of peg it
grobble: To make holes; dig, poke, pick out.
grobble: To feel around, as in the dark; grope.
grobble: To work in an inefficient and laborious way; to do rough, dirty work.
grobble: To loiter, hang around idly.
addedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of add
bars up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bar up
hoarses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoarse
hoarsed: simple past and past participle of hoarse
de-bias: Alternative spelling of debias
renorms: third-person singular simple present indicative of renorm
laps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of lap up
engirth: To surround; to engirt.
unskein: To unwind from a skein
unskein: To unfurl, as if from a skein
testeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of test
prefits: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefit
dizzing: present participle and gerund of diz
pssting: present participle and gerund of psst
cagging: present participle and gerund of cag
outjazz: To surpass in playing jazz music.
outbets: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbet
durates: third-person singular simple present indicative of durate
durated: simple past and past participle of durate
gnabble: To nibble.
is late: third-person singular simple present indicative of be late
poshing: present participle and gerund of posh
prancke: Obsolete form of prank (“adorn in a showy manner”).
prancks: third-person singular simple present indicative of pranck
potboil: To produce inferior creative works in order to make money.
SPACing: present participle and gerund of SPAC
parlies: third-person singular simple present indicative of parly
pavéing: present participle and gerund of pavé
pertake: Obsolete form of partake.
pertook: simple past of pertake
pavaned: simple past and past participle of pavane
parlied: simple past and past participle of parly
relimns: third-person singular simple present indicative of relimn
cued up: simple past and past participle of cue up
chunkay: To add hot oil and spices (especially garlic) to food
outstat: To have better statistics than.
shieled: simple past and past participle of shiel
shashed: simple past and past participle of shash
shimmey: Alternative form of shimmy
siruped: simple past and past participle of sirup
teinded: simple past and past participle of teind
syruped: simple past and past participle of syrup
spulyed: simple past and past participle of spulye
smoused: simple past and past participle of smous
smoused: simple past and past participle of smouse
spulyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spulye
spulyie: Obsolete form of spulzie.
stownds: third-person singular simple present indicative of stownd
upcried: simple past and past participle of upcry
upflame: To blaze or shine brightly.
upspews: third-person singular simple present indicative of upspew
upblast: To blast upward.
upcries: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcry
outbeat: To beat or surpass; to outdo.
outsigh: To surpass in sighing; to sigh more or better than.
outpomp: To surpass in pomp.
outlimn: To sketch out or delineate.
outsift: To sift out.
bratted: simple past and past participle of brat
outswap: Synonym of swap out
outpage: Synonym of page out
aidedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of aid
quinche: Alternative form of quinch
rancing: present participle and gerund of rance
persing: present participle and gerund of perse
one-tap: To kill an enemy in one shot.
two-tap: To kill an enemy in two shots.
propink: To have the effect of propinquity with regards to closeness and familiarity leading to romantic feelings.
date up: To date someone who is more desirable or of a higher social status than oneself.
tl;dr'd: simple past and past participle of tl;dr
addorse: To place back-to-back, to place with the back to (something else's back).
f*****g: present participle of f**k; Censored spelling of fucking.
flambed: simple past and past participle of flambe
flambéd: simple past and past participle of flambé
risqued: simple past and past participle of risque
tawning: present participle and gerund of tawn
deapply: Synonym of unapply
bestrip: To strip away, remove; strip, undress; deprive.
megging: present participle and gerund of meg
coo-eed: simple past and past participle of coo-ee
coo-ees: third-person singular simple present indicative of coo-ee
caps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of cap on
outcaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcap
embails: third-person singular simple present indicative of embail
unquits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unquit
tölting: present participle and gerund of tölt
jam out: To experience enjoyment to the full, usually through music, relaxation, or spending time with others.
gliffed: simple past and past participle of gliff
graddan: To prepare corn for the quern by setting fire to the ears and beating off the grain at the point when the husk is fully burnt.
ploated: simple past and past participle of ploat
whoomed: simple past and past participle of whoom
mowburn: To stack (hay) before it is sufficiently dry, leading to excessive fermentation and sometimes toxicity.
mudcaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mudcap
ducoing: present participle and gerund of duco
nosying: present participle and gerund of nosy
blorphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blorph
motates: third-person singular simple present indicative of motate
motated: simple past and past participle of motate
somnify: To make sleepy.
squdged: simple past and past participle of squdge
squeege: To squeeze.
squdges: third-person singular simple present indicative of squdge
remotor: To replace a motor.
ressing: present participle and gerund of res
furthen: Synonym of further
eggedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of egg
cabaled: simple past and past participle of cabal
mistrim: To trim badly or wrongly.
peps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pep up
reseise: Alternative form of reseize
sheperd: Misspelling of shepherd.
scallom: To trim a willow rod into a scallom.
schloop: To move, or cause to move, in a wet, gooey manner.
schloop: To make a usually wet sucking or slurping sound.
rescour: To scour again.
screeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of screek
fluffle: To fluff up.
Serbize: Synonym of Serbianize
skijore: Alternative form of skijor
Slavize: Synonym of Slavicize
groking: present participle and gerund of grok
Venmoed: simple past and past participle of Venmo
panyars: third-person singular simple present indicative of panyar
papizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of papize
baksmal: Converting a Dalvik executable file (.dex file) to smali language (a human-readable representation of the binary Dalvik bytecode)
beclams: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclam
schwaed: simple past and past participle of schwa
ungrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungrip
outpick: To surpass in picking; to pick better or faster than.
outbook: To achieve more bookings than.
outbook: To surpass in one's knowledge of book moves.
vattoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of vattoo
guts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gut up
schlick: Alternative form of shlick (“female masturbation”).
jennied: simple past and past participle of jenny
jinkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jinkle
jinkled: simple past and past participle of jinkle
re-take: Alternative form of retake
outwave: To surpass in waving; to wave more than.
outwave: To wave outward.
re-join: Alternative form of rejoin
scrawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrawk
tarrify: To terrify.
hops on: third-person singular simple present indicative of hop on
Turcize: To make Turkish.
Turkize: Alternative form of Turcize
Juuling: present participle and gerund of Juul
adiosed: simple past and past participle of adios
shannot: Contraction of shall not.
sha'not: Alternative spelling of shannot (“shall not”)
blarted: simple past and past participle of blart
bogs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of bog in
nyammed: simple past and past participle of nyam
schlups: third-person singular simple present indicative of schlup
schtoop: Alternative form of shtup
zippoed: simple past and past participle of zippo
zips it: third-person singular simple present indicative of zip it
slob it: Synonym of slob out
slobbed: simple past and past participle of slob
tone in: To fit well (with something, in colour, mood, etc.).
foretel: Obsolete spelling of foretell
angried: simple past and past participle of angry
whisk'd: simple past and past participle of whisk
nimbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of nimble
nimbled: simple past and past participle of nimble
pigs it: third-person singular simple present indicative of pig it
noseyed: simple past and past participle of nosey
resched: Clipping of reschedule.
sissing: present participle and gerund of siss
loiking: present participle and gerund of loike
ovening: present participle and gerund of oven
deseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of deseat
beseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of beseat
radio'd: Uncommon spelling of radioed.
cannott: Obsolete spelling of cannot
bairned: simple past and past participle of bairn
fell on: simple past of fall on
towzled: simple past and past participle of towzle
towsles: third-person singular simple present indicative of towsle
towsled: simple past and past participle of towsle
towzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of towzle
realloy: To alloy again.
subcoat: Synonym of undercoat
herxing: present participle and gerund of herx (“to experience Jarisch–Herxheimer reaction”)
fumpers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fumper
wear in: To use or wear something until it becomes comfortable or fits properly
go sing: Synonym of go whistle
insuing: present participle and gerund of insue
taps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tap up
co-fund: To provide funds for something, such as a project, jointly.
obleege: To oblige.
off-set: Alternative form of offset
bewhine: To whine about.
lipsing: present participle and gerund of lips
kotches: third-person singular simple present indicative of kotch
crutted: simple past and past participle of crut
amolish: To remove forcibly.
kotched: simple past and past participle of kotch
slothen: To make or be slothful.
shitify: Alternative form of shittify
repeate: Obsolete spelling of repeat.
eateing: present participle and gerund of eate
vexeing: present participle and gerund of vexe
speakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of speake
sayeing: present participle and gerund of saye
gravell: Obsolete form of gravel.
zorches: third-person singular simple present indicative of zorch
hoiting: present participle and gerund of hoit
preport: To presage; forebode.
townify: To turn into a town, or adapt for a town; to make urban.
quoifed: Obsolete form of coifed.
nashing: present participle and gerund of nash
voreing: present participle and gerund of vore
bill up: To roll up a marijuana cigarette.
re-airs: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-air
locuted: simple past and past participle of locute
effs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of eff up
crèming: present participle and gerund of crème
xertzed: simple past and past participle of xertz
xertzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of xertz
gaudify: To make gaudy.
gums up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gum up
busk it: To wing it.
resieve: To sieve again.
ballize: To burnish (metal) by a technique that involves pushing an oversized ball through a hole.
ballize: To undergo such a process.
minimod: To act as a minimod (“back-seat moderator”).
pochéed: simple past and past participle of poché
unposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpost
uprends: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprend
skreeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skreek
lug out: Synonym of bear out (for a horse to veer out)
bear in: To move quickly and sharply in an inward direction during a race; to veer in.
Spocked: simple past and past participle of Spock
mmphing: present participle and gerund of mmph
yamming: present participle and gerund of yam
yarn on: To continue telling stories for a long time; to yammer without interruption.
clue up: To become knowledgeable on a subject.
clue up: To make knowledgeable on a subject.
clue up: Synonym of clew
levened: simple past and past participle of leven
soap up: To cover (something) in soap lather.
salt up: to salt food for seasoning.
salt up: To become encrusted with salt, such as from seawater or from salt-treated roads.
salt up: to become saltier, especially to become salty enough to inhibit agriculture.
salt up: To treat with salt in preparation for snowfall.
spit on: To show contempt for someone or something.
outsnob: To surpass in snobbery; to be snobbier than.
taughte: Obsolete spelling of taught
huckled: simple past and past participle of huckle
sushied: simple past and past participle of sushi
snot up: To make something snotty (covered in snot), as a handkerchief or tissue, or to similarly cover with other bodily fluids, like a dog breathing on glass.
snot up: To sob in a way that produces snot.
bradied: simple past and past participle of brady
bradies: third-person singular simple present indicative of brady
brianed: simple past and past participle of brian
kaishao: to matchmake; to set up; to introduce a possible romantic partner
revis'd: simple past and past participle of revise
LS-swap: To replace the engine of a car with a GM LS-series internal combustion gasoline engine, that was not originally so equipped.
do bits: To engage in nonpenetrative sexual activity.
delects: third-person singular simple present indicative of delect
reknows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reknow
adfroze: simple past of adfreeze
prep up: To prepare.
raigned: simple past and past participle of raign
kudoing: present participle and gerund of kudo
reveale: Obsolete form of reveal.
hypered: simple past and past participle of hyper
'aven't: Pronunciation spelling of haven't.
enwoven: past participle of enweave
trooned: simple past and past participle of troon
skreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skreak
skriegh: Alternative form of skreak
skreich: Alternative form of skreak
ran dry: simple past of run dry
lush up: To make lush
kept at: simple past and past participle of keep at
torn at: past participle of tear at
tore at: simple past of tear at
runs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of run on
re-wear: Alternative form of rewear.
misrode: simple past of misride
misride: To ride badly or wrongly.
misrang: simple past of misring
misrung: past participle of misring
misring: To enter an incorrect amount into a cash register.
misring: To ring (a bell or set of bells) incorrectly, at the wrong time, out of sequence, etc.
pals up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pal up
sterved: simple past and past participle of sterve
sterves: third-person singular simple present indicative of sterve
is with: third-person singular simple present indicative of be with
misroll: To roll incorrectly (any sense)
misruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of misrun
injoyed: simple past and past participle of injoy
eagered: simple past and past participle of eager
misrear: To rear improperly.
misseal: To seal improperly.
dyke up: To build a dyke along (a body of water or a piece of land).
Barffed: simple past and past participle of Barff
DDoSing: present participle and gerund of DDoS
kanging: present participle and gerund of kang
glosing: present participle and gerund of glose
beauing: present participle and gerund of beau
e-cycle: Alternative form of ecycle
glasing: present participle and gerund of glase
ugly up: To make ugly.
unhomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhome
unhomed: simple past and past participle of unhome
unsoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsoil
knit up: To close up or draw together by knitting.
benumme: Obsolete spelling of benumb
pays up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pay up
dike up: US standard spelling of dyke up.
pinkify: To render pink.
ladying: present participle and gerund of lady
lets be: third-person singular simple present indicative of let be
meaowed: simple past and past participle of meaow
gulders: third-person singular simple present indicative of gulder
hoke up: To elaborate; to give a better, false impression of something
abarred: simple past and past participle of abar
presign: To sign in advance.
flizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flizz
jetsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of jetset
pomated: simple past and past participle of pomate
pomates: third-person singular simple present indicative of pomate
roneoed: simple past and past participle of roneo
fullied: simple past and past participle of fully
missews: third-person singular simple present indicative of missew
missewn: past participle of missew
misrace: To incorrectly identify someone's race.
x-posts: third-person singular simple present indicative of x-post
can not: Alternative form of cannot.
can not: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see can, not.
shralps: third-person singular simple present indicative of shralp
misship: To ship incorrectly, such as to the wrong location or at the wrong time.
reknead: To knead again.
restows: third-person singular simple present indicative of restow
misshoe: Alternative form of mis-shoe
nid-nod: To nod back and forth.
misshot: simple past and past participle of misshoot
arreede: Obsolete spelling of aread
ungunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungunk
decloud: To reduce clouding in a liquid, glass, etc.
decloud: To eliminate uncertainty or vagueness.
decloud: To transfer data off of the cloud and onto local storage.
ass out: To hurry away.
recloud: To make or become cloudy again.
geckers: third-person singular simple present indicative of gecker
rags on: third-person singular simple present indicative of rag on
fig out: To dress up (put on elegant clothes)
de-bank: Alternative spelling of debank
debanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of debank
rip out: To remove by ripping
rip out: To unstitch.
rip out: To exclaim.
rip out: To fart
inspoke: simple past of inspeak
inspake: simple past of inspeak
inviron: Obsolete form of environ.
shoahed: simple past and past participle of shoah
tantoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of tantoo
unwilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwild
dewilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewild
funs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fun up
protecc: Alternative form of protect.
blufted: simple past and past participle of bluft
ropemax: Alternative form of ropemaxx
misspat: simple past and past participle of misspit
missped: simple past and past participle of misspeed
misspun: simple past and past participle of misspin
misspit: To spit badly, such as missing the location where one is aiming.
fuccing: present participle of fucc
misspin: To spin badly (any sense)
exspire: Obsolete form of expire.
perning: present participle and gerund of pern
outhype: To exceed in hype.
focking: present participle of fock
amolder: Alternative form of amoulder
debends: third-person singular simple present indicative of debend
outroed: simple past and past participle of outro
quapped: simple past and past participle of quap
mobcast: To create a podcast using a mobile phone.
dash on: To hurriedly depart
snoogle: To snuggle
creptst: second-person singular simple past indicative of creep
viewbot: To increase the view count an internet video or a livestream via illegitimate means.
book on: To register (for duty).
follied: simple past and past participle of folly
deboonk: Of a deboonker, to debunk or fact-check.
consoom: To consume some product, especially a popular culture or mass market one and often obsessively.
shinked: simple past and past participle of shink
quaakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of quaake
re-word: Alternative form of reword
folfing: present participle of folf
befiled: simple past and past participle of befile
befiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of befile
unnumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnumb
reright: To set right again.
befolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of befold
begaums: third-person singular simple present indicative of begaum
geomaxx: To move to another region or country with the expectation of increasing one's sexual market value.
kink on: To have a kink (abnormal sexual interest) for.
coop in: To put into a coop
coop in: To keep from leaving a house or other building.
nanking: present participle and gerund of nank
dehance: To worsen, to disimprove; to perform the opposite of enhancement upon.
bowhunt: To hunt game using a bow and arrow.
denests: third-person singular simple present indicative of denest
𐑮𐑦𐑕𐑐𐑧𐑒𐑑: respect
dotated: simple past and past participle of dotate
dotates: third-person singular simple present indicative of dotate
stop in: To make a brief visit to a place while passing.
attoned: simple past and past participle of attone
muzaked: simple past and past participle of muzak
reorged: simple past and past participle of reorg
trapses: third-person singular simple present indicative of trapse
plinged: simple past and past participle of pling
viffing: present participle and gerund of viff
trapsed: simple past and past participle of trapse
pharmed: simple past and past participle of pharm
soy out: To act in the manner of a soy boy; specifically, to get extremely emotional (typically involving the soy face) about an issue associated with being terminally online or overly invested in popular culture.
soyface: To make a soy face.
unjacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjack
tl;dr's: third-person singular simple present indicative of tl;dr
malform: To form badly or wrongly.
firsted: simple past and past participle of first
aforest: Alternative form of afforest
bettied: simple past and past participle of betty
pec pop: Synonym of pec bounce
mistest: To incorrectly test.
mistest: To hostilely set challenges for.
derusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of derust
resoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of resoil
airmark: To mark airport names or identifiers so that they can be seen from the sky, to aid pilots in navigation.
rookied: simple past and past participle of rookie
recomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of recomp
dropset: To exercise with a drop set.
aerotow: To launch (a glider) by towing it behind a powered aircraft.
missway: To sway or influence to an unfortunate result.
verting: present participle and gerund of vert
fawaded: simple past and past participle of fawad
haul in: To force (a team) to stop scoring.
haul in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see haul, in.
butched: simple past and past participle of butch
shooken: past participle of shake; nonstandard form of shaken.
uncrush: To stop having a crush on someone; to end a crush.
WASPize: To become or make more WASPy
protray: Misspelling of portray.
outchip: To have more (poker chips) than.
drencht: simple past and past participle of drench
unforks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfork
wakfing: present participle and gerund of wakf
glympse: Obsolete form of glimpse.
sweaten: past participle of sweat
greazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of greaze
greazed: simple past and past participle of greaze
remourn: To mourn again.
cane it: To go very fast.
hoon it: To drive very fast or recklessly.
mistalk: To speak badly; to stutter, garble one's words, mispronounce words, substitute incorrect words, or make other such errors.
mistalk: To talk inappropriately, misleadingly, mistakenly, or otherwise untruely.
rescoop: To scoop again.
yea-say: Alternative form of yeasay
Fordize: To convert (an industry, etc.) to Fordism.
fordims: third-person singular simple present indicative of fordim
outjuke: To perform better jukes on one's opponent.
mistext: To make an error trying to send a text; to text the wrong person or send a garbled text.
ki-yied: simple past and past participle of ki-yi
nepping: present participle and gerund of nep
splunge: To plunge.
deunite: To un-unite something.
swanged: simple past and past participle of swang
zoinked: simple past and past participle of zoink
rejacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejack
klunked: simple past and past participle of klunk
unrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrust
hooving: present participle and gerund of hoove
outtire: To tire out; to exhaust.
one-hit: To kill in a single hit.
one-hit: To pitch so that the other team only makes a single hit.
go left: To take a turn for the worse, to go horribly wrong.
go left: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, left.
mistoss: To toss incorrectly.
besmogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of besmog
wechted: simple past and past participle of wecht
DDOSing: present participle and gerund of DDOS
detrash: To remove the trash (unusable stems, leaves or vines) from.
fricked: simple past and past participle of frick
mistrap: To lose control while attempting to trap (something).
'splode: Abbreviation of explode.
bowl up: To pack the bowl of a pipe with smokable material.
bowl up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see bowl, up.
mistrip: To trip by mistake.
dearmor: To remove the armor from (a combat vehicle, etc.).
dearmor: To release emotional tension from the body by means of touch and massage, supposed to confer health benefits.
WWOOFed: simple past and past participle of WWOOF
re-wore: simple past of re-wear
swadged: simple past and past participle of swadge
swadges: third-person singular simple present indicative of swadge
inables: third-person singular simple present indicative of inable
creened: simple past and past participle of creen
inabled: simple past and past participle of inable
bowlin': Pronunciation spelling of bowling.
forhews: third-person singular simple present indicative of forhew
heatin': Pronunciation spelling of heating.
battin': Pronunciation spelling of batting.
pattin': Pronunciation spelling of patting.
whumpfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whumpf
skatin': Pronunciation spelling of skating.
kissper: To closely whisper which becomes kissing.
hung in: simple past and past participle of hang in
proompt: To prompt; to write a prompt for an AI model.
crouded: simple past and past participle of croud
shunked: simple past and past participle of shunk
Nancing: present participle and gerund of Nance
prethin: To thin in advance.
prethin: To thin out (plants or crops) in order to stimulate growth in the remainder.
end out: Synonym of end up
end out: To bring to a conclusion; to finish up.
end out: Synonym of end up
end out: To come to as a final condition or situation;
abstort: To wrest by force or persuasion.
misvent: To vent improperly.
decrate: To remove from a crate.
beleper: To infect with leprosy.
went ER: simple past of go ER
gone ER: past participle of go ER
goes ER: third-person singular simple present indicative of go ER
3-peats: third-person singular simple present indicative of 3-peat
3peated: simple past and past participle of 3peat
enjewel: To adorn with jewels.
enstars: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstar
engauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of engaud
doowops: third-person singular simple present indicative of doowop
dedopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dedope
misview: To view incorrectly; to misinterpret.
misview: To view inappropriately; to take an incorrect stance towards.
seckled: simple past and past participle of seckle
seckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of seckle
gunbuck: To hit someone in the head with a pistol; to pistol-whip.
bicking: present participle and gerund of bick
unperks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unperk
self-ID: Synonym of self-identify
enfroze: simple past of enfreeze
gets in: third-person singular simple present indicative of get in
premelt: To melt before a subsequent process.
exammed: simple past and past participle of exam.
evalled: simple past and past participle of eval
evaling: present participle of eval
miswarn: To warn of something that is not a threat; to cry wolf.
miswash: To wash badly.
wokened: simple past and past participle of woken
miswalk: To walk along the wrong path.
gurping: present participle and gerund of gurp
smebbed: simple past and past participle of smeb
Kanye'd: simple past and past participle of Kanye
wrostle: Obsolete form of wrestle.
sudoing: present participle and gerund of sudo
re-gear: Alternative form of regear.
premilk: To milk (an animal) in advance.
belirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of belirt
miswove: simple past of misweave
forgoed: simple past and past participle of forgo
miswind: To wind incorrectly.
do evil: to do evil
