abay: Barking or baying of dogs at their prey.
swop: Alternative spelling of swap
swop: A fusion of swing and hip-hop dance styles.
abba: Father; religious superior; in the Syriac, Coptic, and Ethiopic churches, a title given to the bishops, and by the bishops to the patriarch; a title given to Jewish scholars in the Talmudic period.
abba: Alternative form of aba (Middle Eastern garment).
abet: Fraud or cunning.
abet: An act of abetting; of helping; of giving aid.
swap: An exchange of two comparable things.
swap: A financial derivative in which two parties agree to exchange one stream of cashflow against another stream.
swap: Space available in a swap file for use as auxiliary memory.
swap: A social meal at a restaurant between two university societies, usually involving drinking and banter; commonly associated with fining and pennying; equivalent to a crewdate at Oxford University.
swap: A blow; a stroke.
YMCA: A hostel or other facility operated by the Young Men's Christian Association.
YMCA: A particular dance in which the arms and body are used to imitate the letters Y, M, C, and A, in succession, danced to the Village People song Y.M.C.A.
pond: An inland body of standing water, either natural or man-made, that is smaller than a lake.
pond: An inland body of standing water of any size that is fed by springs rather than by a river.
pond: Chiefly in across the pond: the Atlantic Ocean.
able: The letter "A" in Navy Phonetic Alphabet.
ISBN: Initialism of International Standard Book Number.
quiz: An odd, puzzling or absurd person or thing.
quiz: One who questions or interrogates; a prying person.
quiz: A competition in the answering of questions.
quiz: A school examination of less importance, or of greater brevity, than others given in the same course.
hour: A time period of sixty minutes; one twenty-fourth of a day.
hour: A season, moment, or time.
hour: The time.
hour: Used after a two-digit hour and a two-digit minute to indicate time.
hour: The set times of prayer, the canonical hours, the offices or services prescribed for these, or a book containing them.
hour: A distance that can be traveled in one hour.
seme: Anything which serves for any purpose as a substitute for an object of which it is, in some sense, a representation, sign, or symbol.
seme: Obsolete form of seam.
seme: An active or dominant male character in a same-sex relationship; a top.
leap: The act of leaping or jumping.
leap: The distance traversed by a leap or jump.
leap: A group of leopards.
leap: A significant move forward.
leap: A large step in reasoning, often one that is not justified by the facts.
leap: A fault.
leap: Copulation with, or coverture of, a female beast.
leap: A passing from one note to another by an interval, especially by a long one, or by one including several other intermediate intervals.
leap: A salmon ladder.
leap: A trap or snare for fish, made from twigs; a weely.
leap: Half a bushel.
bumf: Useless papers; now especially official documents, standardized forms, sales and marketing print material, etc.
bumf: Toilet paper.
verb: A word that indicates an action, event, or state of being.
verb: Any word; a vocable.
verb: An action as opposed to a trait or thing.
verb: A named command that performs a specific operation on an object.
week: Any period of seven consecutive days.
week: A period of seven days beginning with Sunday or Monday.
week: A period of five days beginning with Monday.
week: A subdivision of the month into longer periods of work days punctuated by shorter weekend periods of days for markets, rest, or religious observation such as a sabbath.
noun: A word that functions as the name of a specific object or set of objects, such as person, animal, place, word, thing, phenomenon, substance, quality, or idea; one of the basic parts of speech in many languages, including English.
noun: Either a word that can be used to refer to a person, animal, place, thing, phenomenon, substance, quality or idea, or a word that modifies or describes a previous word or its referent; a substantive or adjective, sometimes also including other parts of speech such as numeral or pronoun.
noun: An object within a user interface to which a certain action or transformation (i.e., verb) is applied.
jour: Abbreviation of journeyman, e.g. jour printer.
debt: An action, state of mind, or object one has an obligation to perform for another, adopt toward another, or give to another.
debt: The state or condition of owing something to another.
debt: Money that one person or entity owes or is required to pay to another, generally as a result of a loan or other financial transaction.
debt: An action at law to recover a certain specified sum of money alleged to be due
crow: A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles; it has a harsh, croaking call.
crow: Any of various dark-coloured nymphalid butterflies of the genus Euploea.
crow: A bar of iron with a beak, crook or claw; a bar of iron used as a lever; a crowbar.
crow: Someone who keeps watch while their associates commit a crime; a lookout.
crow: A gangplank (corvus) used by the Ancient Roman navy to board enemy ships.
crow: The mesentery of an animal.
crow: An ill-tempered and obstinate woman, or one who otherwise has features resembling the bird; a harpy.
crow: A black person.
crow: The emblem of an eagle, a sign of military rank.
crow: The cry of the bird known in the US as a rooster and in British English as a cockerel.
lens: An object, usually made of glass, that focuses or defocuses the light that passes through it.
lens: A device which focuses or defocuses electron beams.
lens: A convex shape bounded by two circular arcs, joined at their endpoints, the corresponding concave shape being a lune.
lens: A genus of the legume family; its bean.
lens: The transparent crystalline structure in the eye.
lens: A body of rock, ice, or water shaped like a convex lens.
lens: A construct used in statically-typed functional programming languages to access nested data structures.
lens: A way of looking, literally or figuratively, at something.
fere: A companion, comrade or friend.
fere: A person's spouse, or an animal's mate.
TDMA: Initialism of time division multiple access.
TDMA: Initialism of tridiagonal matrix algorithm.
CDMA: Initialism of Code Division Multiple Access.
PSTN: Initialism of Public switched telephone network.
IMEI: Initialism of International Mobile Equipment Identity.
ISDN: Initialism of Isosorbide Dinitrate.
ISDN: Initialism of Integrated Services Digital Network.
IMSI: Acronym of International Mobile Subscriber Identity.
FDMA: Initialism of frequency division multiple access.
deal: A division, a portion, a share, a part, a piece.
deal: An indefinite quantity or amount; a lot (now usually qualified by great or good).
deal: An act of dealing or sharing out.
deal: The distribution of cards to players; a player's turn for this.
deal: A particular instance of trading (buying or selling; exchanging; bartering); a transaction.
deal: A transaction offered which is financially beneficial; a bargain.
deal: An agreement between parties; an arrangement.
deal: A situation, occasion, or event.
deal: A thing, an unspecified or unidentified object.
deal: Wood that is easy to saw (from conifers such as pine or fir).
deal: A plank of softwood (fir or pine board).
deal: A wooden board or plank, usually between 12 or 14 feet in length, traded as a commodity in shipbuilding.
deal: Male genitalia.
aria: A musical piece written typically for a solo voice with orchestral accompaniment in an opera or cantata.
cunt: The female genitalia, especially the vulva.
cunt: An extremely unpleasant or objectionable person (in US, especially a woman; in UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand more usually a man).
cunt: An objectionable object or item.
cunt: An unpleasant or difficult experience or incident.
cunt: A woman, women, or bottom (i.e. submissive partner, not the top) as a source of sex.
cunt: (with words funny, good) A person (mostly between male friends); compare bastard.
crap: The husk of grain; chaff.
crap: Something worthless or of poor quality; junk.
crap: Nonsense; something untrue.
crap: Faeces/feces.
crap: An act of defecation.
crap: A losing throw of 2, 3, or 12 in craps.
crap: Attributive form of craps.
peso: A former unit of currency in Spain and Spain's colonies, worth 8 reales; the Spanish dollar.
peso: The circulating currency of various Spanish-speaking American countries (Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Mexico, and Uruguay) and the Philippines.
word: The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
word: The smallest discrete unit of spoken language with a particular meaning, composed of one or more phonemes and one or more morphemes
word: The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
word: The smallest discrete unit of written language with a particular meaning, composed of one or more letters or symbols and one or more morphemes
word: The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
word: A discrete, meaningful unit of language approved by an authority or native speaker (compare non-word).
word: The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
word: Something like such a unit of language:
word: A sequence of letters, characters, or sounds, considered as a discrete entity, though it does not necessarily belong to a language or have a meaning
word: Something like such a unit of language:
word: A unit of text equivalent to five characters and one space.
word: Something like such a unit of language:
word: A fixed-size group of bits handled as a unit by a machine and which can be stored in or retrieved from a typical register (so that it has the same size as such a register).
word: Something like such a unit of language:
word: A finite string that is not a command or operator.
word: Something like such a unit of language:
word: A group element, expressed as a product of group elements.
word: The fact or act of speaking, as opposed to taking action. .
word: Something that someone said; a comment, utterance; speech.
word: A watchword or rallying cry, a verbal signal (even when consisting of multiple words).
word: A proverb or motto.
word: News; tidings.
word: An order; a request or instruction; an expression of will.
word: A promise; an oath or guarantee.
word: A brief discussion or conversation.
word: A minor reprimand.
word: See words.
word: Communication from God; the message of the Christian gospel; the Bible, Scripture.
word: Logos, Christ.
beer: An alcoholic drink fermented from starch material, commonly barley malt; often with hops or some other substance (like gruit) to impart a bitter flavor.
beer: A fermented extract of the roots and other parts of various plants, as spruce, ginger, sassafras, etc.
beer: A solution produced by steeping plant materials in water or another fluid.
beer: A glass, bottle, or can of any of the above beverages.
beer: A variety of the above beverages.
beer: One who is or exists.
sect: An offshoot of a larger religion or denomination.
sect: A group following a specific ideal or a leader.
sect: A cutting; a scion.
name: Any nounal word or phrase which indicates a particular person, place, class, or thing.
name: Reputation.
name: An abusive or insulting epithet.
name: A person (or legal person).
name: Those of a certain name; a race; a family.
name: Authority; behalf.
name: A unique identifier, generally a string of characters.
name: An investor in Lloyd's of London bearing unlimited liability.
name: Any of several types of true yam (Dioscorea) used in Caribbean Spanish cooking.
five: The digit/figure 5.
five: A banknote with a denomination of five units of currency. See also fiver.
five: Anything measuring five units, as length.
five: A person who is five years old.
five: Five o'clock.
five: A short rest, especially one of five minutes.
five: A basketball team, club or lineup.
meat: The flesh (muscle tissue) of an animal used as food.
meat: A type of meat, by anatomic position and provenance.
meat: Food, for animals or humans, especially solid food. See also meat and drink.
meat: A type of food, a dish.
meat: A meal.
meat: Meal; flour.
meat: Any relatively thick, solid part of a fruit, nut etc.
meat: A penis.
meat: The best or most substantial part of something.
meat: The sweet spot of a bat or club (in cricket, golf, baseball etc.).
meat: A meathead.
meat: A totem, or (by metonymy) a clan or clansman which uses it.
year: A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo the seasons.
year: The time taken for the Earth to return to the same position along the ecliptic, completing a full cycle of seasons; a tropical year or solar year.
year: A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo the seasons.
year: The time taken for the Earth to orbit the Sun with respect to the fixed stars; a sidereal year.
year: A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo the seasons.
year: The length of twelve lunations; the time taken for any moon phase to happen twelve times; a lunar year.
year: A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo the seasons.
year: The length of a year as marked by a calendar, 365 or 366 days in the Gregorian calendar; a calendar year.
year: A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo the seasons.
year: The mean length of a calendar year in the Julian calendar, that is, 365.25 solar days; a Julian year.
year: A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo the seasons.
year: The time it takes for any astronomical object (such as a planet, dwarf planet, small Solar System body, or comet) in direct orbit around a star (such as the Sun) to make one revolution around the star.
year: A period between set dates that mark a year, such as from January 1 to December 31 by the Gregorian calendar, from Tishri 1 to Elul 29 by the Jewish calendar, and from Muharram 1 to Dhu al-Hijjah 29 or 30 by the Islamic calendar.
year: A scheduled part of a calendar year spent in a specific activity.
year: A scheduled part of a calendar year spent in a specific activity.
year: A level or grade in school or college.
year: The proportion of a creature's lif