swop: Alternative spelling of swap
pies: third-person singular simple present indicative of pie
pies: third-person singular simple present indicative of pi
abet: To incite; to assist or encourage by aid or countenance in crime.
abet: To support, countenance, maintain, uphold, or aid (any good cause, opinion, or action); to maintain.
abet: To urge on, stimulate (a person to do) something desirable.
abet: To back up one's forecast of a doubtful issue, by staking money, etc., to bet.
swap: To exchange or give (something) in an exchange (for something else).
swap: To hit, to strike.
swap: To beat the air, or ply the wings, with a sweeping motion or noise; to flap.
swap: To descend or fall; to rush hastily or violently.
hoed: simple past and past participle of hoe
pond: To block the flow of water so that it can escape only through evaporation or seepage; to dam.
pond: To make into a pond; to collect, as water, in a pond by damming.
pond: To form a pond; to pool.
pond: To ponder.
able: To make ready.
able: To make capable; to enable.
able: To dress.
able: To give power to; to reinforce; to confirm.
able: To vouch for; to guarantee.
dies: third-person singular simple present indicative of die
quiz: To hoax; to chaff or mock with pretended seriousness of discourse; to make sport of, as by obscure questions.
quiz: To peer at; to eye suspiciously or mockingly.
quiz: To question (someone) closely, to interrogate.
quiz: To instruct (someone) by means of a quiz.
quiz: To play with a quiz.
seme: Obsolete form of seem.
leap: To jump.
leap: To pass over by a leap or jump.
leap: To copulate with (a female beast)
leap: To copulate with (a human)
leap: To cause to leap.
grok: To understand (something) intuitively, to know (something) without having to think intellectually.
grok: To fully and completely understand something in all of its details and intricacies.
verb: To use any word that is or was not a verb (especially a noun) as if it were a verb.
verb: To perform any action that is normally expressed by a verb.
noun: To convert a word to a noun.
abut: To touch by means of a mutual border, edge or end; to border on; to lie adjacent (to); to be contiguous (said of an area of land)
abut: To border upon; be next to; abut on; be adjacent to.
abut: To lean against on one end; to end on, of a part of a building or wall.
crow: To make the shrill sound characteristic of a rooster; to make a sound in this manner, either in gaiety, joy, pleasure, or defiance.
crow: To shout in exultation or defiance; to brag.
crow: To test the reed of a double reed instrument by placing the reed alone in the mouth and blowing it.
lens: To film, shoot.
lens: To become thinner towards the edges.
deal: To distribute among a number of recipients, to give out as one’s portion or share.
deal: To administer or give out, as in small portions.
deal: To distribute cards to the players in a game.
deal: deliver damage, a blow, strike or cut. To inflict.
deal: To pitch.
deal: To have dealings or business.
deal: To conduct oneself, to behave.
deal: To take action; to act.
deal: To trade professionally (followed by in).
deal: To sell, especially to sell illicit drugs.
deal: To be concerned with.
deal: To handle, to manage, to cope.
crap: To defecate.
crap: To defecate in or on (clothing etc.).
crap: To bullshit.
word: To say or write (something) using particular words; to phrase (something).
word: To flatter with words, to cajole.
word: To ply or overpower with words.
word: To conjure with a word.
word: To speak, to use words; to converse, to discourse.
word: Alternative form of worth (“to become”).
beer: To give beer to (someone)
name: To give a name to.
name: To mention, specify.
name: To identify as relevant or important
name: To publicly implicate by name.
name: To disclose the name of.
name: To designate for a role.
name: To initiate a process to temporarily remove a member of parliament who is breaking the rules of conduct.
wage: To wager, bet.
wage: To expose oneself to, as a risk; to incur, as a danger; to venture; to hazard.
wage: To employ for wages; to hire.
wage: To conduct or carry out (a war or other contest).
wage: To adventure, or lay out, for hire or reward; to hire out.
wage: To give security for the performance of
dick: To mistreat or take advantage of somebody (often with around or up).
dick: To penetrate sexually.
send: To make something (such as an object or message) go from one place to another (or to someone).
send: To excite, delight, or thrill (someone).
send: To bring to a certain condition.
send: To dispatch an agent or messenger to convey a message or do an errand.
send: To cause to be or to happen; to bring, bring about; (archaic) to visit: (Referring to blessing or reward) To bestow; to grant. (Referring to curse or punishment) To inflict. Sometimes followed by a dependent proposition.
send: To pitch.
send: To make a successful ascent of a sport climbing route.
send: To care.
send: To call out or diss a specific person in a diss track.
send: To launch oneself off an edge
rape: To seize by force. (Now often with overtones of later senses.)
rape: To carry (someone, especially a woman) off against their will, especially for sex; to abduct.
rape: To force sexual intercourse or other penetrative sexual activity upon (someone) without their consent.
rape: To plunder, to destroy or despoil.
rape: To overpower, destroy (someone); to trounce.
rape: To make haste; to hasten or hurry.
hell: To make hellish; to place (someone) in hell; to make (a place) into a hell.
hell: To hurry, rush.
hell: To add luster to; to burnish (silver or gold).
hell: To pour.
bone: To prepare (meat, etc) by removing the bone or bones from.
bone: To fertilize with bone.
bone: To put whalebone into.
bone: To make level, using a particular procedure; to survey a level line.
bone: To have sexual intercourse (with).
bone: To perform "bone pointing", a ritual that is intended to bring illness or even death to the victim.
bone: To study.
bone: To polish boots to a shiny finish.
bone: To nag, especially for an unpaid debt.
bone: To apprehend, steal.
bone: To sight along an object or set of objects to check whether they are level or in line.
free: To make free; set at liberty; release.
free: To rid of something that confines or oppresses.
free: To relinquish (previously allocated memory) to the system.
fart: To emit digestive gases from the anus; to flatulate.
fart: To waste time with idle and inconsequential tasks; to go about one's activities in a lackadaisical manner; to be lazy or over-relaxed in one's manner or bearing.
fart: To emit (fumes, gases, etc.).
book: To reserve (something) for future use.
book: To write down, to register or record in a book or as in a book.
book: To add a name to the list of people who are participating in something.
book: To record the name and other details of a suspected offender and the offence for later judicial action.
book: To issue a caution to, usually a yellow card, or a red card if a yellow card has already been issued.
book: To travel very fast.
book: To record bets as bookmaker.
book: To receive the highest grade in a class.
book: To leave.
book: simple past of bake
slow: To make (something) run, move, etc. less quickly; to reduce the speed of.
slow: To keep from going quickly; to hinder the progress of.
slow: To become slow; to slacken in speed; to decelerate.
mars: third-person singular simple present indicative of mar
wolf: To devour; to gobble; to eat (something) voraciously.
wolf: To make amorous advances to many women; to hit on women; to cruise for sex.
wolf: To hunt for wolves.
wall: To enclose with, or as if with, a wall or walls.
wall: To use a wallhack.
wall: To boil.
wall: To well, as water; spring.
wall: To make a wall knot on the end of (a rope).
date: To note the time or place of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution.
date: To note or fix the time of (an event); to give the date of.
date: To determine the age of something.
date: To take (someone) on a date, or a series of dates.
date: To have a steady relationship with; to be romantically involved with.
date: To have a steady relationship with each other; to be romantically involved with each other.
date: To make or become old, especially in such a way as to fall out of fashion, become less appealing or attractive, etc.
date: To have beginning; to begin; to be dated or reckoned.
thou: To address (a person) using the pronoun thou, especially as an expression of contempt or familiarity.
thou: To use the word thou.
star: To appear as a featured performer or headliner, especially in an entertainment program.
star: To feature (a performer or a headliner), especially in a movie or an entertainment program.
star: To mark with a star or asterisk.
star: To set or adorn with stars, or bright, radiating bodies; to bespangle.
star: To shine like a star.
bunk: To occupy a bunk.
bunk: To provide a bunk.
bunk: To fail to attend school or work without permission; to play truant (usually as in 'to bunk off').
bunk: To expel from a school.
bunk: To depart; scram.
burp: To emit a burp.
burp: To utter by burping
burp: To cause someone (such as a baby) to burp.
burp: To open (a container of fermenting substance) to allow the release of accumulated gas.
head: To be in command of. (See also head up.)
head: To come at the beginning or front of; to commence.
head: To strike with the head; as in soccer, to head the ball
head: To move in a specified direction.
head: To remove the head from a fish.
head: To originate; to spring; to have its course, as a river.
head: To form a head.
head: To form a head to; to fit or furnish with a head.
head: To cut off the top of; to lop off.
head: To behead; to decapitate.
head: To go in front of.
head: To get in the front of, so as to hinder or stop; to oppose.
head: To check or restrain.
head: To set on the head.
wove: simple past of weave
wove: past participle of weave
last: To endure, continue over time.
last: To hold out, continue undefeated or entire.
last: To purposefully refrain from orgasm
last: To perform, carry out.
last: To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place smoothly on a last.
open: To make something accessible or allow for passage by moving from a shut position.
open: To make (an open space, etc.) by clearing away an obstacle or obstacles, in order to allow for passage, access, or visibility.
open: To move to a position allowing fluid to flow.
open: To move to a position preventing electricity from flowing.
open: To turn on; to switch on.
open: To bring up, broach.
open: To enter upon, begin.
open: To spread; to expand into an open or loose position.
open: To make accessible to customers or clients.
open: To start (a campaign).
open: To become open.
open: To begin conducting business.
open: To begin a side's innings as one of the first two batsmen.
open: To bet before any other player has in a particular betting round in a game of poker.
open: To reveal one's hand.
open: To connect to a resource (a file, document, etc.) for viewing or editing.
open: To make (a bed) ready for a patient by folding back the bedcovers.
open: To disclose; to reveal; to interpret; to explain.
ache: To suffer pain; to be the source of, or be in, pain, especially continued dull pain; to be distressed.
ache: To cause someone or something to suffer pain.
port: To turn or put to the left or larboard side of a ship; said of the helm.
port: To carry, bear, or transport. See porter.
port: To hold or carry (a weapon) with both hands so that it lays diagonally across the front of the body, with the barrel or similar part near the left shoulder and the right hand grasping the small of the stock; or, to throw (the weapon) into this position on command.
port: To adapt, modify, or create a new version of, a program so that it works on a different platform. Porting (computing) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia
port: To carry or transfer (an existing telephone number) from one telephone service provider to another.
port: To transfer a voucher or subsidy from one jurisdiction to another.
zero: To set some amount to be zero.
zero: To disappear or make something disappear.
zero: to adjust until the variance is reduced to an acceptable low amount
grey: UK and Commonwealth standard spelling of gray.
duel: To engage in a battle.
twig: To beat with twigs.
twig: To realise something; to catch on; to recognize someone or something.
twig: To understand the meaning of (a person); to comprehend.
twig: To observe slyly; also, to perceive; to discover.
twig: To pull
twig: To twitch;
twig: To tweak.
shew: Archaic spelling of show.
shew: simple past of show
shew: Nonstandard spelling of shoo.
dare: To have enough courage (to do something).
dare: To defy or challenge (someone to do something)
dare: To have enough courage to meet or do something, go somewhere, etc.; to face up to
dare: To terrify; to daunt.
dare: To catch (larks) by producing terror through the use of mirrors, scarlet cloth, a hawk, etc., so that they lie still till a net is thrown over them.
dare: To stare stupidly or vacantly; to gaze as though amazed or terrified.
dare: To lie or crouch down in fear.
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To seize or capture.
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To catch or get possession of (fish or game).
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To catch the ball; especially as a wicket-keeper and after the batsman has missed or edged it.
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To appropriate or transfer into one's own possession, sometimes by physically carrying off.
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To exact.
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To capture or win (a piece or trick) in a game.
take: To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.
take: To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).
take: To receive or accept (something) as payment or compensation.
take: To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).
take: To accept and follow (advice, etc.).
take: To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).
take: To receive into some relationship.
take: To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).
take: To receive or acquire (property) by law (e.g. as an heir).
take: To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).
take: To accept, be given (rightly or wrongly), or assume (especially as if by right).
take: To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).
take: To remove.
take: To remove or end by death; to kill.
take: To remove.
take: To subtract.
take: To remove.
take: To have sex with.
take: To defeat (someone or something) in a fight.
take: To grasp or grip.
take: To select or choose; to pick.
take: To select or choose; to pick.
take: To adopt (select) as one's own.
take: To carry or lead (something or someone).
take: To transport or carry; to convey to another place.
take: To carry or lead (something or someone).
take: To lead (to a place); to serve as a means of reaching.
take: To carry or lead (something or someone).
take: To pass (or attempt to pass) through or around.
take: To carry or lead (something or someone).
take: To escort or conduct (a person).
take: To carry or lead (something or someone).
take: To go.
take: To carry or lead (something or someone).
take: To use as a means of transportation.
take: To obtain for use by payment or lease.
take: To obtain for use by payment or lease.
take: To obtain or receive regularly by (paid) subscription.
take: To receive (medicine or drugs) into one's body, e.g. by inhalation or swallowing; to ingest.
take: To consume (food or drink).
take: To undergo; to put oneself into, to be subjected to.
take: To experience or feel.
take: To submit to; to endure (without ill humor, resentment, or physical failure).
take: To suffer; to endure (a hardship or damage).
take: To participate in.
take: To cause to change to a specified state or condition.
take: To regard in a specified way.
take: To conclude or form (a decision or an opinion) in the mind.
take: To understand (especially in a specified way).
take: To believe, to accept the statements of.
take: To assume or suppose; to reckon; to regard or consider.
take: To draw, derive, or deduce (a meaning from something).
take: To derive (as a title); to obtain from a source.
take: To catch or contract (an illness, etc.).
take: To come upon or catch (in a particular state or situation).
take: To captivate or charm; to gain or secure the interest or affection of.
take: To absorb or be impregnated by (dye, ink, etc.); to be susceptible to being treated by (polish, etc.).
take: To let in (water).
take: To require.
take: To proceed to fill.
take: To fill, require, or use up (time or space).
take: To fill or require: to last or expend (an amount of time).
take: To avail oneself of; to exploit.
take: To practice; perform; execute; carry out; do.
take: To assume or perform (a form or role).
take: To assume (a form).
take: To assume or perform (a form or role).
take: To perform (a role).
take: To assume or perform (a form or role).
take: To assume and undertake the duties of (a job, an office, etc.).
take: To bind oneself by.
take: To go into, through, or along.
take: To go into, through, or along.
take: To go or move into.
take: To have and use one's recourse to.
take: To ascertain or determine by measurement, examination or inquiry.
take: To write down; to get in, or as if in, writing.
take: To make (a photograph, film, or other reproduction of something).
take: To make a picture, photograph, etc. of (a person, scene, etc.).
take: To obtain money from, especially by swindling.
take: To apply oneself to the study of.
take: To deal with.
take: To consider in a particular way, or to consider as an example.
take: To decline to swing at (a pitched ball); to refrain from hitting at, and allow to pass.
take: To accept as an input to a relation.
take: To have to be used with (a certain grammatical form, etc.).
take: To accept as an input to a relation.
take: To accept (zero or more arguments).
take: To get or accept (something) into one's possession.
take: To engage, take hold or have effect.
take: To adhere or be absorbed properly.
take: To engage, take hold or have effect.
take: To begin to grow after being grafted or planted; to (literally or figuratively) take root, take hold.
take: To engage, take hold or have effect.
take: To catch; to engage.
take: To engage, take hold or have effect.
take: To win acceptance, favor or favorable reception; to charm people.
take: To become; to be affected in a specified way.
take: To be able to be accurately or beautifully photographed.
take: An intensifier.
take: To deliver, bring, give (something) to (someone).
take: To give or deliver (a blow, to someone); to strike or hit.
take: To visit; to include in a course of travel.
take: To portray in a painting.
take: Used in phrasal verbs: take in, take off, take on, take out, take to, take something to, take up.
been: past participle of be.
been: remote past form of be.
been: Synonym of be (infinitival sense).
drug: To administer intoxicating drugs to, generally without the recipient's knowledge or consent.
drug: To add intoxicating drugs to with the intention of drugging someone.
drug: To prescribe or administer drugs or medicines.
drug: simple past and past participle of drag
work: To do a specific task by employing physical or mental powers.
work: Followed by in (or at, etc.) Said of one's workplace (building), or one's department, or one's trade (sphere of business).
work: To do a specific task by employing physical or mental powers.
work: Followed by as. Said of one's job title
work: To do a specific task by employing physical or mental powers.
work: Followed by for. Said of a company or individual who employs.
work: To do a specific task by employing physical or mental powers.
work: Followed by with. General use, said of either fellow employees or instruments or clients.
work: To do a specific task by employing physical or mental powers.
work: To effect by gradual degrees;
work: To effect by gradual degrees.
work: To embroider with thread.
work: To set into action.
work: To cause to ferment.
work: To ferment.
work: To exhaust, by working.
work: To shape, form, or improve a material.
work: To operate in a certain place, area, or speciality.
work: To operate in or through; as, to work the phones.
work: To provoke or excite; to influence.
work: To use or manipulate to one’s advantage.
work: To cause to happen or to occur as a consequence.
work: To cause to work.
work: To function correctly; to act as intended; to achieve the goal designed for.
work: To influence.
work: To move in an agitated manner.
work: To behave in a certain way when handled
work: To cause (someone) to feel (something); to do unto somebody (something, whether good or bad).
work: To hurt; to ache.
work: To pull off; to wear, perform, etc. successfully or to advantage.
cane: To strike or beat with a cane or similar implement.
cane: To make or furnish with cane or rattan.
cane: To destroy; to comprehensively defeat.
cane: To do something well, in a competent fashion.
cane: To go very fast.
cane: To produce extreme pain.
bomb: To attack using one or more bombs; to bombard.
bomb: To attack using one or more bombs; to bombard.
bomb: To attack or annoy in the manner of a bombing.
bomb: To jump into water in a squatting position, with the arms wrapped around the legs.
bomb: To add an excessive amount of chlorine to a pool when it has not been maintained properly.
bomb: To move at high speed.
bomb: To make oneself drunk.
bomb: To cover an area in many graffiti tags.
bomb: To fail dismally.
bomb: To crash.
bomb: To make a smelly mess in a toilet.
bomb: To sound; to boom; to make a humming or buzzing sound.
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To transfer one's possession or holding of (something) to (someone).
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To make a present or gift of.
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To pledge.
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To provide (something) to (someone), to allow or afford.
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To cause (a sensation or feeling) to exist in (the specified person, or the target, audience, etc).
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To carry out (a physical interaction) with (something).
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To pass (something) into (someone's hand, etc.).
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To cause (a disease or condition) in, or to transmit (a disease or condition) to.
give: To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
give: To provide or administer (a medication)
give: To provide, as, a service or a broadcast.
give: To estimate or predict (a duration or probability) for (something).
give: To yield or collapse under pressure or force.
give: To lead (onto or into).
give: To provide a view of.
give: To exhibit as a product or result; to produce; to yield.
give: To cause; to make; used with the infinitive.
give: To cause (someone) to have; produce in (someone); effectuate.
give: To allow or admit by way of supposition; to concede.
give: To attribute; to assign; to adjudge.
give: To communicate or announce (advice, tidings, etc.); to pronounce or utter (an opinion, a judgment, a shout, etc.).
give: To grant power, permission, destiny, etc. (especially to a person); to allot; to allow.
give: To devote or apply (oneself).
give: To become soft or moist.
give: To shed tears; to weep.
give: To have a misgiving.
give: To give off (a certain vibe or appearance).
give: To exceed expectations.
thee: To address (a person) using the pronoun thee.
thee: To use the word thee.
thee: To thrive; prosper.
know: To perceive the truth or factuality of; to be certain of or that.
know: To be or become aware or cognizant.
know: To be aware of; to be cognizant of.
know: To be acquainted (with another person).
know: To be acquainted or familiar with; to have encountered.
know: To be acquainted or familiar with; to have encountered.
know: To have sexual relations with. This meaning normally specified in modern English as e.g. to ’know someone in the biblical sense’ or to ‘know biblically.’
know: To experience.
know: To understand or have a grasp of through experience or study.
know: To be able to distinguish, to discern, particularly by contrast or comparison; to recognize the nature of.
know: To recognize as the same (as someone or something previously encountered) after an absence or change.
know: To have knowledge; to have information, be informed.
know: To be able to play or perform (a song or other piece of music).
know: To have indexed and have information about within one's database.
noon: To relax or sleep around midday
thin: To make thin or thinner.
thin: To become thin or thinner.
thin: To dilute.
thin: To remove some plants or parts of plants in order to improve the growth of what remains.
yegg: To rob.
feat: To form; to fashion.
feat: To feature.
cube: To raise to the third power; to determine the result of multiplying by itself twice.
cube: To form into the shape of a cube.
cube: To cut into cubes.
cube: To use a Rubik's cube.
dual: To convert from single to dual; specifically, to convert a single-carriageway road to a dual carriageway.
kill: To put to death; to extinguish the life of.
kill: To render inoperative.
kill: To stop, cease, or render void; to terminate.
kill: To amaze, exceed, stun, or otherwise incapacitate.
kill: To cause great pain, discomfort, or distress to; to hurt.
kill: To produce feelings of dissatisfaction or revulsion in.
kill: To use up or to waste.
kill: To exert an overwhelming effect on.
kill: To overpower, overwhelm, or defeat.
kill: To force a company out of business.
kill: To produce intense pain.
kill: To punish severely.
kill: To strike (a ball, etc.) with such force and placement as to make a shot that is impossible to defend against, usually winning a point.
kill: To cause (a ball, etc.) to be out of play, resulting in a stoppage of gameplay.
kill: To succeed with an audience, especially in comedy.
kill: To cause to assume the value zero.
kill: To disconnect (a user) involuntarily from the network.
kill: To deadmelt.
kill: To sexually penetrate in a skillful way.
kill: To exert oneself to an excessive degree.
baby: To coddle; to pamper somebody like an infant.
baby: To tend (something) with care; to be overly attentive to (something), fuss over.
jack: To physically raise using a jack.
jack: To raise or increase.
jack: To increase the potency of an alcoholic beverage similarly to distillation by chilling it to below the freezing point of water, removing the water ice crystals that form, and leaving the still-liquid alcoholic portion.
jack: To steal (something), typically an automobile; to rob (someone).
jack: To dance by moving the torso forward and backward in a rippling motion.
jack: To jack off, to masturbate.
jack: To hit (the ball) hard; especially, to hit (the ball) out of the field, producing a home run.
tick: To make a clicking noise similar to the movement of the hands in an analog clock.
tick: To make a tick or checkmark.
tick: To work or operate, especially mechanically.
tick: To strike gently; to pat.
tick: To add (a bird) to a list of birds that have been seen (or heard).
tick: To go on trust, or credit.
tick: To give tick; to trust.
cock: To lift the cock of a firearm or crossbow; to prepare (a gun or crossbow) to be fired.
cock: To be prepared to be triggered by having the cock lifted.
cock: To erect; to turn up.
cock: To copulate with; (by extension, as with fuck) to mess up, to damage, to destroy.
cock: To turn or twist something upwards or to one side; to lift or tilt (e.g. headwear) boastfully.
cock: To turn (the eye) obliquely and partially close its lid, as an expression of derision or insinuation.
cock: To strut; to swagger; to look big, pert, or menacing.
cock: To make a nestle-cock of, to pamper or spoil (a child).
cock: To form into piles.
coin: To make of a definite fineness, and convert into coins, as a mass of metal.
coin: To make or fabricate (especially a word or phrase).
coin: To acquire rapidly, as money; to make.
blue: To make or become blue; to turn blue.
blue: To treat the surface of steel so that it is passivated chemically and becomes more resistant to rust.
blue: To brighten by treating with blue (laundry aid).
blue: To fight, brawl, or argue.
blue: To spend (money) extravagantly; to blow.
wiki: To research on Wikipedia or some similar wiki.
wiki: To contribute to a wiki.
wiki: To participate in the wiki-based production of.
pink: To become pink in color, to redden.
pink: To turn (something) pink.
pink: To turn (a topaz or other gemstone) pink by the application of heat.
pink: To decorate a piece of clothing or fabric by adding holes or by scalloping the fringe.
pink: To prick with a sword.
pink: To wound by irony, criticism, or ridicule.
pink: Of a motor car, to emit a high "pinking" noise, usually as a result of ill-set ignition timing for the fuel used (in a spark ignition engine).
pink: Of a musical instrument, to sound a very high-pitched, short note.
pink: To wink; to blink.
skew: To form or shape in an oblique way; to cause to take an oblique position.
skew: To form or shape in an oblique way; to cause to take an oblique position.
skew: To cause (a distribution) to be asymmetrical.
skew: To bias or distort in a particular direction.
skew: To hurl or throw.
skew: To move obliquely; to move sideways, to sidle; to lie obliquely.
skew: To jump back or sideways in fear or surprise; to shy, as a horse.
skew: To look at obliquely; to squint; hence, to look slightingly or suspiciously.
king: To crown king, to make (a person) king.
king: To rule over as king.
king: To perform the duties of a king.
king: To assume or pretend preeminence (over); to lord it over.
king: To promote a piece of draughts/checkers that has traversed the board to the opposite side, that piece subsequently being permitted to move backwards as well as forwards.
king: To dress and perform as a drag king.
dear: To endear.
hunt: To find or search for an animal in the wild with the intention of killing the animal for its meat or for sport.
hunt: To try to find something; search (for).
hunt: To drive; to chase; with down, from, away, etc.
hunt: To use or manage (dogs, horses, etc.) in hunting.
hunt: To use or traverse in pursuit of game.
hunt: To move or shift the order of (a bell) in a regular course of changes.
hunt: To shift up and down in order regularly.
hunt: To be in a state of instability of movement or forced oscillation, as a governor which has a large movement of the balls for small change of load, an arc-lamp clutch mechanism which moves rapidly up and down with variations of current, etc.; also, to seesaw, as a pair of alternators working in parallel.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To throw.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To throw forward (a fishing line, net etc.) into the sea.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To throw down or aside.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To throw off (the skin) as a process of growth; to shed the hair or fur of the coat.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To remove, take off (clothes).
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To heave the lead and line in order to ascertain the depth of water.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To vomit.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To throw up, as a mound, or rampart.
cast: To move, or be moved, away.
cast: To throw out or emit; to exhale.
cast: To direct (one's eyes, gaze etc.).
cast: To add up (a column of figures, accounts etc.); cross-cast refers to adding up a row of figures.
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To calculate the astrological value of (a horoscope, birth etc.).
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To plan, intend.
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To assign (a role in a play or performance).
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To assign a role in a play or performance to (an actor).
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To describe in an opinionated way. Mostly used with a metaphor involving light.
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To consider; to turn or revolve in the mind; to plan.
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To impose; to bestow; to rest.
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To defeat in a lawsuit; to decide against; to convict.
cast: To predict, to decide, to plan.
cast: To turn (the balance or scale); to overbalance; hence, to make preponderate; to decide.
cast: To perform, bring forth (a magical spell or enchantment).
cast: To throw (light etc.) on or upon something, or in a given direction.
cast: To give birth to (a child) prematurely; to miscarry.
cast: To shape (molten metal etc.) by pouring into a mould; to make (an object) in such a way.
cast: To shape (molten metal etc.) by pouring into a mould; to make (an object) in such a way.
cast: To stereotype or electrotype.
cast: To twist or warp (of fabric, timber etc.).
cast: To bring the bows of a sailing ship on to the required tack just as the anchor is weighed by use of the headsail; to bring (a ship) round.
cast: To deposit (a ballot or voting paper); to formally register (one's vote).
cast: To change a variable type from, for example, integer to real, or integer to text.
cast: Of dogs, hunters: to spread out and search for a scent.
cast: To set (a bone etc.) in a cast.
cast: To open a circle in order to begin a spell or meeting of witches.
cast: To broadcast (video) over the Internet or a local network, especially to one's television.
maul: To handle someone or something in a rough way.
maul: To savage; to cause serious physical wounds (usually used of an animal).
maul: To criticise harshly.
maul: To beat with a maul.
gold: To appear or cause to appear golden.
girl: To feminize or girlify; to gender as a girl or as for girls.
girl: To staff with or as a girl or girls.
bold: To make (a font or some text) bold.
bold: To make bold or daring.
bold: To become bold or brave.
west: To move to the west; (of the sun) to set.
time: To measure or record the time, duration, or rate of.
time: To choose when something begins or how long it lasts.
time: To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time.
time: To pass time; to delay.
time: To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of movement.
time: To measure, as in music or harmony.
fuck: To have sexual intercourse; to copulate.
fuck: To have sexual intercourse with.
fuck: To insert one's penis, a dildo, or other object, into a person or a specified orifice or cleft sexually; to penetrate.
fuck: To put in an extremely difficult or impossible situation.
fuck: To defraud, deface, or otherwise treat badly.
fuck: Used to express great displeasure with, or contemptuous dismissal of, someone or something.
fuck: To break, to destroy.
fuck: Used in a phrasal verb: fuck with (“to play with, to tinker”).
fuck: To make a joke at one's expense; to make fun of in an embarrassing manner.
fuck: To throw, to lob something. (angrily)
fuck: To scold.
fuck: To be very good, to rule, go hard.
boom: To make a loud, hollow, resonant sound.
boom: To exclaim with force, to shout, to thunder.
boom: Of a Eurasian bittern, to make its deep, resonant territorial vocalisation.
boom: To make something boom.
boom: To subject to a sonic boom.
boom: To publicly praise.
boom: To rush with violence and noise, as a ship under a press of sail, before a free wind.
boom: To rapidly adjust the evaluation of a position away from zero, indicating a likely win or loss.
boom: To extend, or push, with a boom or pole.
boom: To raise or lower with a crane boom.
boom: To flourish, grow, or progress.
boom: To cause to advance rapidly in price.
tide: To cause to float with the tide; to drive or carry with the tide or stream.
tide: To pour a tide or flood.
tide: To work into or out of a river or harbor by drifting with the tide and anchoring when it becomes adverse.
tide: To happen, occur.
tutu: to fiddle or mess around with something.
stem: To remove the stem from.
stem: To be caused or derived; to originate.
stem: To descend in a family line.
stem: To direct the stem (of a ship) against; to make headway against.
stem: To hit with the stem of a ship; to ram.
stem: To ram (clay, etc.) into a blasting hole.
stem: To stop, hinder (for instance, a river or blood).
stem: To move the feet apart and point the tips of the skis inward in order to slow down the speed or to facilitate a turn.
left: simple past and past participle of leave (“depart, separate from; (cause or allow to) remain”).
left: simple past and past participle of leave (“permit”).
wing: To injure slightly (as with a gunshot), especially in the wing or arm.
wing: To fly.
wing: To add a wing (extra part) to.
wing: To act or speak extemporaneously; to improvise; to wing it.
wing: To throw.
wing: To furnish with wings.
wing: To transport with, or as if with, wings; to bear in flight, or speedily.
wing: To traverse by flying.
fall: To be moved downwards.
fall: To move to a lower position under the effect of gravity.
fall: To be moved downwards.
fall: To come down, to drop or descend.
fall: To be moved downwards.
fall: To come as if by dropping down.
fall: To be moved downwards.
fall: To come to the ground deliberately, to prostrate oneself.
fall: To be moved downwards.
fall: To be brought to the ground.
fall: To move downwards.
fall: To let fall; to drop.
fall: To move downwards.
fall: To sink; to depress.
fall: To move downwards.
fall: To fell; to cut down.
fall: To change, often negatively.
fall: To become.
fall: To change, often negatively.
fall: To collapse; to be overthrown or defeated.
fall: To change, often negatively.
fall: To die, especially in battle or by disease.
fall: To change, often negatively.
fall: To become lower (in quantity, pitch, etc.).
fall: To occur (on a certain day of the week, date, or similar); to happen.
fall: To be allotted to; to arrive through chance, fate, or inheritance.
fall: To diminish; to lessen or lower.
fall: To bring forth.
fall: To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; said of the young of certain animals.
fall: To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice, error, or sin.
fall: To become ensnared or entrapped; to be worse off than before.
fall: To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; said of the face.
fall: To happen; to come to pass; to chance or light (upon).
fall: To begin with haste, ardour, or vehemence; to rush or hurry.
fall: To be dropped or uttered carelessly.
fall: To hang down (under the influence of gravity).
crew: To be a member of a vessel's crew
crew: To be a member of a work or production crew
crew: To supply workers or sailors for a crew
crew: To do the proper work of a sailor
crew: To take on, recruit (new) crew
crew: simple past of crow (“make the characteristic sound of a rooster”).
love: To have a strong affection for (someone or something).
love: To need, thrive on.
love: To be strongly inclined towards something; an emphatic form of like.
love: To seek the good or honor of (someone), care deeply about, to be dedicated to (someone or something).
love: To derive delight from a fact or situation.
love: To have sex with (perhaps from make love).
love: Alternative form of lofe (“to praise, sell”)
tree: To chase (an animal or person) up a tree.
tree: To place in a tree.
tree: To place upon a tree; to fit with a tree; to stretch upon a tree.
tree: To take refuge in a tree.
hack: To chop or cut down in a rough manner.
hack: To cough noisily.
hack: To withstand or put up with a difficult situation.
hack: To make a quick code change to patch a computer program, often one that, while being effective, is inelegant or makes the program harder to maintain.
hack: To accomplish a difficult programming task.
hack: To work with something on an intimately technical level.
hack: To apply a trick, shortcut, skill, or novelty method to something to increase productivity, efficiency or ease.
hack: To hack into; to gain unauthorized access to (a computer system, e.g., a website, or network) by manipulating code.
hack: To gain unauthorised access to a computer or online account belonging to (a person or organisation).
hack: To cheat by using unauthorized modifications.
hack: To strike an opponent with one's hockey stick, typically on the leg but occasionally and more seriously on the back, arm, head, etc.
hack: To make a flailing attempt to hit the puck with a hockey stick.
hack: To swing at a pitched ball.
hack: To kick (a player) on the shins.
hack: To strike in a frantic movement.
hack: To strike lightly as part of tapotement massage.
hack: To lay (bricks) on a rack to dry.
hack: To keep (young hawks) in a state of partial freedom, before they are trained.
hack: To make common or cliched; to vulgarise.
hack: To ride a horse at a regular pace; to ride on a road (as opposed to riding cross-country etc.).
hack: To live the life of a drudge or hack.
hack: To use as a hack; to let out for hire.
hack: To use frequently and indiscriminately, so as to render trite and commonplace.
hack: To drive a hackney cab.
hack: To play hackeysack.
warm: To make or keep warm.
warm: To become warm, to heat up.
warm: (sometimes in the form warm up) To favour increasingly.
warm: To become ardent or animated.
warm: To make engaged or earnest; to interest; to engage; to excite ardor or zeal in; to enliven.
warm: To give emotional warmth to a person.
warm: To beat or spank.
warm: To scold or abuse verbally.
warm: To prepopulate (a cache) so that its contents are ready for other users.
duck: To quickly lower the head or body, often in order to prevent it from being struck by something.
duck: To quickly lower (the head or body), often in order to prevent it from being struck by something.
duck: To lower (something) into water; to thrust or plunge under liquid and suddenly withdraw.
duck: To go under the surface of water and immediately reappear; to plunge one's head into water or other liquid.
duck: To bow.
duck: To evade doing something.
duck: To lower the volume of (a sound) so that other sounds in the mix can be heard more clearly.
duck: To enter a place for a short moment.
duct: to enclose in a duct
duct: to channel something (such as a gas) or propagate something (such as radio waves) through a duct or series of ducts
mill: To grind or otherwise process in a mill or other machine.
mill: To shape, polish, dress or finish using a machine.
mill: To engrave one or more grooves or a pattern around the edge of (a cylindrical object such as a coin).
mill: To move about in an aimless fashion.
mill: To cause to mill, or circle around.
mill: To swim underwater.
mill: To swim suddenly in a new direction.
mill: To beat; to pound.
mill: To pass through a fulling mill; to full, as cloth.
mill: To roll (steel, etc.) into bars.
mill: To make (drinking chocolate) frothy, as by churning.
mill: To undergo hulling.
mill: To take part in a fistfight; to box.
mill: To fill (a winze or interior incline) with broken ore, to be drawn out at the bottom.
mill: To commit burglary.
mill: To move (a card) from a deck to the discard pile.
mill: To destroy (a card) due to having a full hand.
buff: To polish and make shiny by rubbing.
buff: To make a character or an item stronger.
buff: To modify a medical chart, especially in a dishonest manner.
buff: To remove a piece of graffiti by cleaning or removal, especially by a someone who is not a graffiti writer.
buff: To strike.
buff: To stammer, stutter
posh: To make posh, or posher.
wood: To cover or plant with trees.
wood: To hide behind trees.
wood: To supply with wood, or get supplies of wood for.
wood: To take or get a supply of wood.
hole: To make holes in (an object or surface).
hole: To destroy.
hole: To go into a hole.
hole: To drive into a hole, as an animal, or a billiard ball or golf ball.
hole: To cut, dig, or bore a hole or holes in.
gnaw: To bite something persistently, especially something tough.
gnaw: To produce excessive anxiety or worry.
gnaw: To corrode; to fret away; to waste.
mine: To remove (rock or ore) from the ground.
mine: To dig into, for ore or metal.
mine: To sow mines (the explosive devices) in (an area).
mine: To damage (a vehicle or ship) with a mine (an explosive device).
mine: To dig a tunnel or hole; to burrow in the earth.
mine: To dig away, or otherwise remove, the substratum or foundation of; to lay a mine under; to sap; to undermine.
mine: To ruin or destroy by slow degrees or secret means.
mine: To pick one's nose.
mine: To earn new units of cryptocurrency by doing certain calculations.
ruby: To make red; to redden.
bird: To observe or identify wild birds in their natural environment.
bird: To catch or shoot birds; to hunt birds.
bird: To seek for game or plunder; to thieve.
bird: To transmit via satellite.
bird: To bring into prison, to roof.
case: to propose hypothetical cases
case: To place (an item or items of manufacture) into a box, as in preparation for shipment.
case: To cover or protect with, or as if with, a case; to enclose.
case: To survey (a building or other location) surreptitiously, as in preparation for a robbery.
shit: To defecate.
shit: To excrete (something) through the anus.
shit: To fool or try to fool someone; to be deceitful.
shit: To annoy.
tamp: To plug up with clay, earth, dry sand, sod, or other material, as a hole bored in a rock.
tamp: To drive in or pack down by frequent gentle strokes
tamp: To reduce the intensity of.
luck: To find something through good fortune; used with into, on, onto or upon.
mind: To bring or recall to mind; to remember; bear or keep in mind.
mind: To remember.
mind: To remind; put one's mind on.
mind: To turn one's mind to; to observe; to notice.
mind: To regard with attention; to treat as of consequence.
mind: To pay attention or heed to so as to obey; hence to obey; to make sure, to take care (that).
mind: To pay attention to, in the sense of occupying one's mind with, to heed.
mind: To look after, to take care of, especially for a short period of time.
mind: To be careful about.
mind: To purpose, intend, plan.
mind: Take note; used to point out an exception or caveat.
mind: To dislike, to object to; to be bothered by.
hand: To give, pass or transmit with the hand, literally or figuratively.
hand: To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct.
hand: To manage.
hand: To seize; to lay hands on.
hand: To pledge by the hand; to handfast.
hand: To furl (a sail).
hand: To cooperate.
gray: To become gray.
gray: To cause to become gray.
gray: To turn progressively older, alluding to graying of hair through aging (used in context of the population of a geographic region)
gray: To give a soft effect to (a photograph) by covering the negative while printing with a ground-glass plate.
soak: To be saturated with liquid by being immersed in it.
soak: To immerse in liquid to the point of saturation or thorough permeation.
soak: To penetrate or permeate by saturation.
soak: To allow (especially a liquid) to be absorbed; to take in, receive. (usually + up)
soak: To overcharge or swindle out of a large amount of money.
soak: To drink intemperately or gluttonously.
soak: To heat (a metal) before shaping it.
soak: To hold a kiln at a particular temperature for a given period of time.
soak: To absorb; to drain.
soak: To engage in penetrative sex without hip thrusting.
soak: (slang, boxing) To hit or strike.
cool: To lose heat, to get colder.
cool: To make cooler, less warm.
cool: To become less intense, e.g. less amicable or passionate.
cool: To make less intense, e.g. less amicable or passionate.
cool: To kill.
plum: To plumb.
twit: To reproach, blame; to ridicule or tease.
twit: To ignore or killfile (a user on a bulletin board system).
fish: To hunt fish or other aquatic animals in a body of water.
fish: To search (a body of water) for something other than fish.
fish: To use as bait when fishing.
fish: To (attempt to) find or get hold of an object by searching among other objects.
fish: To talk to people in an attempt to get them to say something, or seek to obtain something by artifice.
fish: Of a batsman, to attempt to hit a ball outside off stump and miss it.
fish: To repair (a spar or mast) by fastening a beam or other long object (often called a fish) over the damaged part (see Noun above).
fish: To hoist the flukes of.
moon: To display one's buttocks to, typically as a jest, insult, or protest.
moon: To gaze at lovingly or in adoration.
moon: (usually followed by over or after) To fuss over something adoringly; to be infatuated with someone.
moon: To spend time idly, absent-mindedly.
moon: To expose to the rays of the Moon.
moon: To adorn with moons or crescents.
moon: To rise in price rapidly or suddenly.
moon: To shoot the moon.
jump: To propel oneself rapidly upward, downward and/or in any horizontal direction such that momentum causes the body to become airborne.
jump: To cause oneself to leave an elevated location and fall downward.
jump: To pass by a spring or leap; to overleap.
jump: To employ a parachute to leave an aircraft or elevated location.
jump: To react to a sudden, often unexpected, stimulus (such as a sharp prick or a loud sound) by jerking the body violently.
jump: To increase sharply, to rise, to shoot up.
jump: To employ a move in certain board games where one game piece is moved from one legal position to another passing over the position of another piece.
jump: To move to a position (in a queue/line) that is further forward.
jump: To pass (a traffic light) when it is indicating that one should stop.
jump: To attack suddenly and violently.
jump: To engage in sexual intercourse with (a person).
jump: To cause to jump.
jump: To move the distance between two opposing subjects.
jump: To increase the height of a tower crane by inserting a section at the base of the tower and jacking up everything above it.
jump: To increase speed aggressively and without warning.
jump: To expose to danger; to risk; to hazard.
jump: To join by a buttweld.
jump: To thicken or enlarge by endwise blows; to upset.
jump: To bore with a jumper.
jump: To jump-start a car or other vehicle with a dead battery, as with jumper cables.
jump: To coincide; to agree; to accord; to tally; followed by with.
jump: To start executing code from a different location, rather than following the program counter.
jump: To flee; to make one's escape.
boss: To exercise authoritative control over; to tell (someone) what to do, often repeatedly.
boss: To decorate with bosses; to emboss.
room: To reside, especially as a boarder or tenant.
room: To assign to a room; to allocate a room to.
rose: To make rose-colored; to redden or flush.
rose: To perfume, as with roses.
rose: simple past of rise
rose: past participle of rise
vert: To turn.
good: To thrive; fatten; prosper; improve.
good: To make good; turn to good; improve.
good: To make improvements or repairs.
good: To benefit; gain.
good: To do good to (someone); benefit; cause to improve or gain.
good: To satisfy; indulge; gratify.
good: To flatter; congratulate oneself; anticipate.
good: To furnish with dung; manure; fatten with manure; fertilise.
rice: To squeeze through a ricer; to mash or make into rice-sized pieces (especially potatoes).
rice: To harvest wild rice (Zizania sp.)
rice: To throw rice at a person (usually at a wedding).
rice: To customize the user interface of a computer system, e.g. a desktop environment.
slim: To lose weight in order to achieve slimness.
slim: To make slimmer; to reduce in size.
gans: third-person singular simple present indicative of gan
loco: To poison with the loco plant; to affect with locoism.
loco: To render insane.
hear: To perceive sounds through the ear.
hear: To perceive (a sound, or something producing a sound) with the ear, to recognize (something) in an auditory way.
hear: To exercise this faculty intentionally; to listen to.
hear: To listen favourably to; to grant (a request etc.).
hear: To receive information about; to come to learn of.
hear: To be contacted by.
hear: To listen to (a person, case) in a court of law; to try.
hear: To sympathize with; to understand the feelings or opinion of.
hear: To study under.
slug: To drink quickly; to gulp; to down.
slug: To take part in casual carpooling; to form ad hoc, informal carpools for commuting, essentially a variation of ride-share commuting and hitchhiking.
slug: To become reduced in diameter, or changed in shape, by passing from a larger to a smaller part of the bore of the barrel.
slug: To move slowly or sluggishly; to lie idle.
slug: To load with a slug or slugs.
slug: To make sluggish.
slug: To hit very hard, usually with the fist.
soil: To make dirty.
soil: To become dirty or soiled.
soil: To stain or mar, as with infamy or disgrace; to tarnish; to sully.
soil: To dirty one's clothing by accidentally defecating while clothed.
soil: To make invalid, to ruin.
soil: To enrich with soil or muck; to manure.
soil: To feed, as cattle or horses, in the barn or an enclosure, with fresh grass or green food cut for them, instead of sending them out to pasture; hence (due to such food having the effect of purging them) to purge by feeding on green food.
sing: To produce musical or harmonious sounds with one’s voice.
sing: To perform a vocal part in a musical composition, regardless of technique.
sing: To express audibly by means of a harmonious vocalization.
sing: To soothe with singing.
sing: Of birds, to vocalise:
sing: To produce a 'song', for the purposes of defending a breeding territory or to attract a mate.
sing: Of birds, to vocalise:
sing: To produce any type of melodious vocalisation.
sing: To confess under interrogation.
sing: To make a small, shrill sound.
sing: To relate in verse; to celebrate in poetry.
sing: To display fine qualities; to stand out as excellent.
sing: To be capable of being sung; to produce a certain effect by being sung.
sing: In traditional Aboriginal culture, to direct a supernatural influence on (a person or thing), usually malign; to curse.
boke: To thrust or push out; butt; poke.
boke: To retch or vomit.
knee: To kneel to.
knee: To poke or strike with the knee.
knee: To move on the knees; to use the knees to move.
bite: To cut into something by clamping the teeth.
bite: To hold something by clamping one's teeth.
bite: To attack with the teeth.
bite: To behave aggressively; to reject advances.
bite: To take hold; to establish firm contact with.
bite: To have significant effect, often negative.
bite: To bite a baited hook or other lure and thus be caught.
bite: To accept something offered, often secretly or deceptively, to cause some action by the acceptor.
bite: To sting.
bite: To cause a smarting sensation; to have a property which causes such a sensation; to be pungent.
bite: To cause sharp pain or damage to; to hurt or injure.
bite: To cause sharp pain; to produce anguish; to hurt or injure; to have the property of so doing.
bite: To take or keep a firm hold.
bite: To take hold of; to hold fast; to adhere to.
bite: To lack quality; to be worthy of derision; to suck.
bite: To perform oral sex on. Used in invective.
bite: To plagiarize, to imitate.
bite: To deceive or defraud; to take in.
bank: To deal with a bank or financial institution, or for an institution to provide financial services to a client.
bank: To put into a bank.
bank: To conceal in the rectum for use in prison.
bank: To roll or incline laterally in order to turn.
bank: To cause (an aircraft) to bank.
bank: To form into a bank or heap, to bank up.
bank: To cover the embers of a fire with ashes in order to retain heat.
bank: To raise a mound or dike about; to enclose, defend, or fortify with a bank; to embank.
bank: To pass by the banks of.
bank: To provide additional power for a train ascending a bank (incline) by attaching another locomotive.
bank: To arrange or order in a row.
womb: To enclose in a womb, or as if in a womb; to breed or hold in secret.
zoom: To move fast with a humming noise.
zoom: To zoom climb.
zoom: To move rapidly.
zoom: To go up sharply.
zoom: To change the focal length of a zoom lens.
zoom: To manipulate a display so as to magnify or shrink it.
zoom: To participate in a video teleconferencing call.
neck: To hang by the neck; strangle; kill, eliminate.
neck: To make love; to intently kiss or cuddle; to canoodle.
neck: To drink or swallow rapidly.
neck: To decrease in diameter.
deem: To judge, to pass judgment on; to doom, to sentence.
deem: To adjudge, to decree.
deem: To dispense (justice); to administer (law).
deem: To hold in belief or estimation; to adjudge as a conclusion; to regard as being; to evaluate according to one's beliefs; to account.
deem: To think, judge, or have or hold as an opinion; to decide or believe on consideration; to suppose.
safe: To make something safe.
swan: To travel or move about in an aimless, idle, or pretentiously casual way.
swan: To declare (chiefly in first-person present constructions).
foot: To use the foot to kick (usually a ball).
foot: To pay (a bill).
foot: To tread to measure of music; to dance; to trip; to skip.
foot: To walk.
foot: To set foot on; to walk on.
foot: To set on foot; to establish; to land.
foot: To renew the foot of (a stocking, etc.).
foot: To sum up, as the numbers in a column; sometimes with up.
blew: simple past of blow
blew: past participle of blow
drew: simple past of draw
drew: past participle of draw
lech: To behave lecherously.
were: second-person singular simple past indicative of be
were: first/third-person singular simple past indicative of be.
talk: To communicate, usually by means of speech.
talk: To discuss; to talk about.
talk: To speak (a certain language).
talk: Used to emphasise the importance, size, complexity etc. of the thing mentioned.
talk: To confess, especially implicating others.
talk: To criticize someone for something of which one is guilty oneself.
talk: To gossip; to create scandal.
talk: To influence someone to express something, especially a particular stance or viewpoint or in a particular manner.
nose: To move cautiously by advancing its front end.
nose: To snoop.
nose: To detect by smell or as if by smell.
nose: To push with one's nose; to nuzzle.
nose: To defeat (as in a race or other contest) by a narrow margin; sometimes with out.
nose: To utter in a nasal manner; to pronounce with a nasal twang.
nose: To furnish with a nose.
nose: To confront; be closely face to face or opposite to.
save: To prevent harm or difficulty.
save: To help (somebody) to survive, or rescue (somebody or something) from harm.
save: To prevent harm or difficulty.
save: To keep (something) safe; to safeguard.
save: To prevent harm or difficulty.
save: To spare (somebody) from effort, or from something undesirable.
save: To prevent harm or difficulty.
save: To redeem or protect someone from eternal damnation.
save: To prevent harm or difficulty.
save: To catch or deflect (a shot at goal).
save: To prevent harm or difficulty.
save: To preserve, as a relief pitcher, (a win of another pitcher's on one's team) by defending the lead held when the other pitcher left the game.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To store for future use.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To conserve or prevent the wasting of.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To obviate or make unnecessary.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To write a file to disk or other storage medium.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To economize or avoid waste.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To accumulate money or valuables.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To refrain from romantic or (especially in later use) sexual relationships until one is married or is with a suitable partner.
save: To put aside, to avoid.
save: To avoid saying something.
poop: To make a short blast on a horn.
poop: To break wind.
poop: To defecate.
poop: To tire, exhaust.
poop: (with out) To become tired and exhausted.
poop: To break seawater with the poop (stern) of a vessel, especially the poop deck.
poop: To break over the stern of (a vessel).
born: past participle of bear; given birth to.
born: past participle of bear in other senses.
born: Alternative spelling of burn (with fire etc.)
tear: To rend (a solid material) by holding or restraining in two places and pulling apart, whether intentionally or not; to destroy or separate.
tear: To injure as if by pulling apart.
tear: To destroy or reduce abstract unity or coherence, such as social, political or emotional.
tear: To make (an opening) with force or energy.
tear: To remove by tearing, or with sudden great force.
tear: To demolish.
tear: To become torn, especially accidentally.
tear: To move or act with great speed, energy, or violence.
tear: To smash or enter something with great force.
tear: To produce tears.
flew: simple past of fly
read: To look at and interpret letters or other information that is written.
read: To speak aloud words or other information that is written. (often construed with a to phrase or an indirect object)
read: To read work(s) written by (a named author).
read: To interpret, or infer a meaning, significance, thought, intention, etc., from.
read: To consist of certain text.
read: Of text, etc., to be interpreted or read in a particular way.
read: To substitute (a corrected piece of text in place of an erroneous one); used to introduce an emendation of a text.
read: Used after a euphemism to introduce the intended, more blunt meaning of a term.
read: To be able to hear what another person is saying over a radio connection.
read: To observe and comprehend (a displayed signal).
read: To make a special study of, as by perusing textbooks.
read: To fetch data from (a storage medium, etc.).
read: To recognise (someone) as being transgender.
read: To call attention to the flaws of (someone) in either a playful, a taunting, or an insulting way.
read: To imagine sequences of potential moves and responses without actually placing stones.
read: To think, believe; to consider (that).
read: To advise; to counsel. See rede.
read: To tell; to declare; to recite.
read: inflection of read:
read: simple past tense
read: inflection of read:
read: past participle
bred: simple past and past participle of breed
heel: To follow at somebody's heels; to chase closely.
heel: To add a heel to, or increase the size of the heel of (a shoe or boot).
heel: To kick with the heel.
heel: To perform by the use of the heels, as in dancing, running, etc.
heel: To arm with a gaff, as a cock for fighting.
heel: To hit (the ball) with the heel of the club.
heel: To make (a fair catch) standing with one foot forward, the heel on the ground and the toe up.
heel: To incline to one side; to tilt.
heel: Alternative form of hele (“cover; conceal”).
grew: simple past of grow
grew: past participle of grow
grew: Alternative form of grue (“shudder with fear”)
fled: simple past and past participle of flee
bled: simple past and past participle of bleed
look: To try to see, to pay attention to with one’s eyes.
look: As an intransitive verb, often with "at".
look: To try to see, to pay attention to with one’s eyes.
look: As a transitive verb, often in the imperative; chiefly takes relative clause as direct object.
look: To appear, to seem.
look: To give an appearance of being.
look: To search for, to try to find.
look: To face or present a view.
look: To expect or anticipate.
look: To express or manifest by a look.
look: To make sure of, to see to.
look: To show oneself in looking.
look: To check, to make sure (of something).
look: To look at; to turn the eyes toward.
look: To seek; to search for.
look: To influence, overawe, or subdue by looks or presence.
look: To look at a pitch as a batter without swinging at it.
kept: simple past and past participle of keep
went: simple past of go
went: past participle of go
went: simple past and past participle of wend
held: simple past and past participle of hold
path: To make a path in, or on (something), or for (someone).
path: To navigate through a file system directory tree (to a desired file or folder).
gave: simple past of give
gave: past participle of give
knew: simple past of know
knew: past participle of know
hair: To remove the hair from.
hair: To grow hair (where there was a bald spot).
hair: To cause to have or bear hair; to provide with hair
hair: To string the bow for a violin.
gone: past participle of go
gone: Alternative spelling of gon or gon': short for gonna, going to.
beat: To hit; to strike.
beat: To strike or pound repeatedly, usually in some sort of rhythm.
beat: To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly.
beat: To move with pulsation or throbbing.
beat: To win against; to defeat or overcome; to do or be better than (someone); to excel in a particular, competitive event.
beat: To sail to windward using a series of alternate tacks across the wind.
beat: To strike (water, foliage etc.) in order to drive out game; to travel through (a forest etc.) for hunting.
beat: To mix food in a rapid fashion. Compare whip.
beat: To persuade the seller to reduce a price.
beat: To indicate by beating or drumming.
beat: To tread, as a path.
beat: To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble.
beat: To be in agitation or doubt.
beat: To make a sound when struck.
beat: To make a succession of strokes on a drum.
beat: To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and lesser intensity, so as to produce a pulsating effect; said of instruments, tones, or vibrations not perfectly in unison.
beat: To arrive at a place before someone.
beat: To have sexual intercourse.
beat: To rob.
beat: simple past tense of beat
beat: past participle of beat
rail: To travel by railway.
rail: To place on a track.
rail: To enclose with rails or a railing.
rail: To range in a line.
rail: To sexually penetrate in a rough manner.
rail: To complain violently (against, about).
rail: To gush; to flow.
hung: simple past and past participle of hang (except when referring to the method of execution; there, hanged is used instead)
hung: simple past and past participle of hang (in any sense)
bust: To break.
bust: To arrest (someone) for a crime.
bust: To catch (someone) in the act of doing something wrong, socially and morally inappropriate, or illegal, especially when being done in a sneaky or secretive state.
bust: An emphatic synonym of do or get.
bust: To reduce in rank.
bust: To undo a trade, generally an error trade, that has already been executed.
bust: To lose all of one's chips.
bust: To exceed a score of 21.
bust: To break in (an animal).
bust: To break in (a woman or girl), To deflower
bust: To ejaculate; to eject semen or to squirt.
bust: For a headline to exceed the amount of space reserved for it.
bust: To refute an established opening.
bent: simple past and past participle of bend
done: past participle of do
done: simple past of do; did.
done: Used in forming the perfective aspect; have.
jerk: To make a sudden uncontrolled movement.
jerk: To give a quick, often unpleasant tug or shake.
jerk: To masturbate.
jerk: To beat, to hit.
jerk: To throw with a quick and suddenly arrested motion of the hand.
jerk: To lift using a jerk.
jerk: To flout with contempt.
jerk: To cure (meat) by cutting it into strips and drying it, originally in the sun.
palm: To hold or conceal something in the palm of the hand, e.g, for an act of sleight of hand or to steal something.
palm: To hold something without bending the fingers significantly.
palm: To move something with the palm of the hand.
lain: past participle of lie (“to be oriented in a horizontal position, situated”)
lain: To conceal, keep quiet about.
lent: simple past and past participle of lend
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull (something) in a particular manner or direction.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To drag (a person, thing, or part of the body), especially along the ground.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull (a plough, vehicle etc.); to cause (something) to move forwards by pulling it.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull back (the string of a bow) in preparation for shooting.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To move (a part of one's body) in a particular direction.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull (a curtain, blinds etc.) open or closed.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull something along; to have force to move anything by pulling.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull (one's face, features) out of shape, from emotion etc.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To construct (a wall, canal etc.) from one point to another.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To require (a depth of water) for floating.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To assume a specific position or attitude.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To pull (a belt or other item) so that it tightens or wraps around something more closely.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To make a shot that lands gently in the house (the circular target) without knocking out other stones.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To be pulled along (in a specified way).
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To play (a short-length ball directed at the leg stump) with an inclined bat so as to deflect the ball between the legs and the wicket.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To hit (the ball) with the toe of the club so that it is deflected toward the left.
draw: To pull or exert force.
draw: To strike (the cue ball) below the center so as to give it a backward rotation which causes it to take a backward direction on striking another ball.
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To induce (the mind, eyes, attention etc.) to be directed at or focused on something.
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To cause (someone) to come to a particular place, condition, or course of action; to attract (a person).
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To take (air, smoke etc.) into the lungs; to inhale.
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To attract (something) by means of a physical force, especially magnetism or gravity; (figurative) to act as an inducement or enticement.
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To cause (something); to bring (something) about as a consequence.
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To provoke or attract (a particular response or reaction).
draw: To attract, exert an influence on.
draw: To have a draught; to allow air to be passed through in order to allow for combustion.
draw: To extend, protract.
draw: To extend the duration of (something); to prolong.
draw: To extend, protract.
draw: To make (wire) by pulling it through an aperture; to stretch (metal) into a wire.
draw: To extend, protract.
draw: To stretch or elongate.
draw: To extend, protract.
draw: To become contracted; to shrink.
draw: To extend, protract.
draw: Of a sail, to fill with wind.
draw: To move, travel, approach.
draw: To move in a specific direction.
draw: To move, travel, approach.
draw: To move steadily in a particular direction or into a specific position.
draw: To move, travel, approach.
draw: To come to, towards (a particular moment in time); to approach (a time).
draw: To move, travel, approach.
draw: To search for game; to track a quarry.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To pull out, unsheathe (a sword, firearm etc.).
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To take (water) from a well or other source.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To disembowel (someone); to remove the viscera from (an animal), especially before cooking.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To extract (pus, humours, etc.) by means of medical treatment.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To select (an item) at random to decide which of a group of people will receive or undergo something; to select (a person) by this process.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To conduct (a lottery); to select (the numbers) for a lottery; to win (a prize) in a lottery.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To extract (a tooth).
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To extract (juice, fluids etc.) from something by pressure, osmosis or similar.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To take or be dealt (a card) from the deck; to have (a particular hand) as a result of this.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To withdraw.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To end a game in a draw (with neither side winning).
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To steep; to leave (tea) temporarily in water to allow the flavour to increase.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To take or be dealt a playing card from the deck. See also draw out.
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To run (a bath).
draw: To extract, remove, select.
draw: To consume (power).
draw: To obtain, elicit.
draw: To take (something) from a particular source, especially of information; to derive.
draw: To obtain, elicit.
draw: To call forth (something) from a person, to elicit.
draw: To obtain, elicit.
draw: To deduce or infer (a conclusion); to make (a deduction).
draw: To obtain, elicit.
draw: To receive (a salary); to withdraw (money) from a bank etc.
draw: To obtain, elicit.
draw: To elicit information from (someone); to induce (a person) to speak on some subject. (Now frequently in passive.)
draw: To represent.
draw: To produce (a shape, figure, picture etc.) with pencil, crayon, chalk, or other implement.
draw: To represent.
draw: To depict (something) linguistically; to portray in words.
draw: To represent.
draw: To draw up, compose (a document).
draw: To represent.
draw: To produce an image of something by artistic means; to make drawings.
draw: To represent.
draw: To produce a visual representation of (a person or thing) by lines and marks with pencil, pen, paints etc.
lied: simple past and past participle of lie (in the sense "to give false information intentionally")
laid: simple past and past participle of lay
dart: To throw with a sudden effort or thrust; to hurl or launch.
dart: To send forth suddenly or rapidly; to emit; to shoot.
dart: To shoot with a dart, especially a tranquilizer dart.
dart: To fly or pass swiftly, like a dart; to move rapidly in one direction; to shoot out quickly.
dart: To start and run with speed; to shoot rapidly along.
felt: To make into felt, or a feltlike substance; to cause to adhere and mat together.
felt: To cover with, or as if with, felt.
felt: To cause a player to lose all their chips.
felt: simple past and past participle of feel
cork: To seal or stop up, especially with a cork stopper.
cork: To blacken (as) with a burnt cork.
cork: To leave the cork in a bottle after attempting to uncork it.
cork: To fill with cork.
cork: To fill with cork.
cork: To tamper with (a bat) by drilling out part of the head and filling the cavity with cork or similar light, compressible material.
cork: To injure through a blow; to induce a haematoma.
cork: To position one's drift net just outside of another person's net, thereby intercepting and catching all the fish that would have gone into that person's net.
cork: To block (a street) illegally, to allow a protest or other activity to take place without traffic.
cork: To perform such a maneuver.
bore: To inspire boredom in somebody.
bore: To make a hole through something.
bore: To make a hole with, or as if with, a boring instrument; to cut a circular hole by the rotary motion of a tool.
bore: To form or enlarge (something) by means of a boring instrument or apparatus.
bore: To make (a passage) by laborious effort, as in boring; to force a narrow and difficult passage through.
bore: To be pierced or penetrated by an instrument that cuts as it turns.
bore: To glare (as if to drill a hole with the eyes).
bore: To push or drive (a boxer into the ropes, a boat out of its course, etc.).
bore: To push forward in a certain direction with laborious effort.
bore: To fool; to trick.
bore: simple past of bear
bore: past participle of bear
bore: simple past of bare
exit: To go out or go away from a place or situation; to depart, to leave.
exit: To go out or go away from a place or situation; to depart, to leave.
exit: To leave a scene or depart from a stage.
exit: To depart from life; to die.
exit: To end or terminate (a program, subroutine, etc.)
exit: To depart from or leave (a place or situation).
exit: To depart from or leave (a place or situation).
exit: To alight or disembark from a vehicle.
exit: To give up the lead.
exit: Used as a stage direction for an actor: to leave the scene or stage.
fell: To make something fall; especially to chop down a tree.
fell: To strike down, kill, destroy.
fell: To stitch down a protruding flap of fabric, as a seam allowance, or pleat.
fell: simple past of fall
fell: past participle of fall
chat: To be engaged in informal conversation.
chat: To talk more than a few words.
chat: To talk of; to discuss.
chat: To exchange text or voice messages in real time through a computer network, as if having a face-to-face conversation.
made: simple past and past participle of make
made: simple past and past participle of myek
made: simple past and past participle of mak
lose: To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability.
lose: To have (an organ) removed from one's body, especially by accident.
lose: To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability.
lose: To shed (weight).
lose: To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability.
lose: To experience the death of (someone to whom one has an attachment, such as a relative or friend).
lose: To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability.
lose: To pay or owe (some wager) due from an unsuccessful bet or gamble.
lose: To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability.
lose: To be deprived of (some right or privileged access to something).
lose: To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability.
lose: To wander from; to miss, so as not to be able to find; to go astray from.
lose: To fail to win (a game, competition, trial, etc).
lose: To be unable to follow or trace (somebody or something) any longer.
lose: To cause (somebody) to be unable to follow or trace one any longer.
lose: To cease exhibiting; to overcome (a behavior or emotion).
lose: To shed, remove, discard, or eliminate.
lose: Of a clock, to run slower than expected.
lose: To cause (someone) the loss of something; to deprive of.
lose: To fail to catch with the mind or senses; to miss.
dish: To put in a dish or dishes; serve, usually food.
dish: To gossip; to relay information about the personal situation of another.
dish: To make concave, or depress in the middle, like a dish.
dish: To frustrate; to beat; to outwit or defeat.
knit: To turn thread or yarn into a piece of fabric by forming loops that are pulled through each other. This can be done by hand with needles or by machine.
knit: To join closely and firmly together.
knit: To become closely and firmly joined; become compacted.
knit: To grow together.
knit: To combine from various elements.
knit: To heal following a fracture.
knit: To form into a knot, or into knots; to tie together, as cord; to fasten by tying.
knit: To draw together; to contract into wrinkles.
lend: To allow to be used by someone temporarily, on condition that it or its equivalent will be returned.
lend: To make a loan.
lend: To be suitable or applicable, to fit.
lend: To afford; to grant or furnish in general.
lend: To borrow.
dive: To swim under water.
dive: To jump into water head-first.
dive: To jump headfirst toward the ground or into another substance.
dive: To descend sharply or steeply.
dive: To lose altitude quickly by pointing downwards, as with a bird or aircraft.
dive: To undertake with enthusiasm.
dive: To deliberately fall down after a challenge, imitating being fouled, in the hope of getting one's opponent penalised.
dive: To cause to descend, dunk; to plunge something into water.
dive: To explore by diving; to plunge into.
dive: To plunge or to go deeply into any subject, question, business, etc.; to penetrate; to explore.
dove: Strong simple past of dive
dove: past participle of dive
flee: To run away; to escape.
flee: To escape from.
flee: To disappear quickly; to vanish.
bind: To tie; to confine by any ligature.
bind: To cohere or stick together in a mass.
bind: To be restrained from motion, or from customary or natural action, as by friction.
bind: To exert a binding or restraining influence.
bind: To tie or fasten tightly together, with a cord, band, ligature, chain, etc.
bind: To confine, restrain, or hold by physical force or influence of any kind.
bind: To couple.
bind: To oblige, restrain, or hold, by authority, law, duty, promise, vow, affection, or other social tie.
bind: To put (a person) under definite legal obligations, especially, under the obligation of a bond or covenant.
bind: To place under legal obligation to serve.
bind: To protect or strengthen by applying a band or binding, as the edge of a carpet or garment.
bind: To make fast (a thing) about or upon something, as by tying; to encircle with something.
bind: To cover, as with a bandage.
bind: To prevent or restrain from customary or natural action, as by producing constipation.
bind: To put together in a cover, as of books.
bind: To make two or more elements stick together.
bind: To associate an identifier with a value; to associate a variable name, method name, etc. with the content of a storage location.
bind: To process one or more object modules into an executable program.
bind: To complain; to whine about something.
bind: To wear a binder so as to flatten one's chest to give the appearance of a flat chest, usually done by trans men.
pain: To hurt; to put to bodily uneasiness or anguish; to afflict with uneasy sensations of any degree of intensity; to torment; to torture.
pain: To render uneasy in mind; to disquiet; to distress; to grieve.
pain: To inflict suffering upon as a penalty; to punish.
pain: To feel pain; to hurt.
bend: To cause (something) to change its shape into a curve, by physical force, chemical action, or any other means.
bend: To become curved.
bend: To cause to change direction.
bend: To change direction.
bend: To be inclined; to direct itself.
bend: To stoop.
bend: To bow in prayer, or in token of submission.
bend: To force to submit.
bend: To submit.
bend: To apply to a task or purpose.
bend: To apply oneself to a task or purpose.
bend: To adapt or interpret to for a purpose or beneficiary.
bend: To tie, as in securing a line to a cleat; to shackle a chain to an anchor; make fast.
bend: To smoothly change the pitch of a note.
bend: To swing the body when rowing.
came: simple past of come
came: past participle of come
came: simple past of cum
rain: To have rain fall from the sky.
rain: To fall as or like rain.
rain: To issue (something) in large quantities.
rain: Obsolete form of reign.
mass: To form or collect into a mass; to form into a collective body; to bring together into masses; to assemble.
mass: To assemble in a mass
mass: To celebrate mass.
cost: To incur a charge of; to require payment of a (specified) price.
cost: To cause something to be lost; to cause the expenditure or relinquishment of.
cost: To require to be borne or suffered; to cause.
cost: To calculate or estimate a price.
cost: To cost (a person) a great deal of money or suffering.
leet: simple past of let
lost: simple past and past participle of lose
hurt: To cause (a person or animal) physical pain and/or injury.
hurt: To cause (somebody) emotional pain.
hurt: To be painful.
hurt: To damage, harm, impair, undermine, impede.
wife: To marry (a woman).
feed: To give (someone or something) food to eat.
feed: To eat (usually of animals).
feed: To give (someone or something) to (someone or something else) as food.
feed: To give to a machine to be processed.
feed: To satisfy, gratify, or minister to (a sense, taste, desire, etc.).
feed: To supply with something.
feed: To graze; to cause to be cropped by feeding, as herbage by cattle.
feed: To pass to.
feed: To create the environment where another phonological rule can apply; to be applied before another rule.
feed: To create the syntactic environment in which another syntactic rule is applied; to be applied before another syntactic rule.
feed: simple past and past participle of fee
find: To locate
find: To encounter or discover by accident; to happen upon.
find: To locate
find: To encounter or discover something being searched for; to locate.
find: To locate
find: Locate on behalf of another
find: To discover by study or experiment direct to an object or end.
find: To gain, as the object of desire or effort.
find: To attain to; to arrive at; to acquire.
find: To meet with; to receive.
find: To point out.
find: To decide that, to discover that, to form the opinion that.
find: To arrive at, as a conclusion; to determine as true; to establish.
find: To supply; to furnish.
find: To provide for
find: To determine or judge.
find: To successfully pass to or shoot the ball into.
find: To discover game.
grow: To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
grow: To undergo growth; to be present (somewhere)
grow: To appear or sprout.
grow: To develop, to mature.
grow: To cause or allow something to become bigger, especially to cultivate plants.
grow: To assume a condition or quality over time.
grow: To become attached or fixed; to adhere.
pled: simple past and past participle of plead
paid: simple past and past participle of pay
face: To position oneself or itself so as to have one's face closest to (something).
face: To have its front closest to, or in the direction of (something else).
face: To cause (something) to turn or present a face or front, as in a particular direction.
face: To be presented or confronted with; to have in prospect.
face: To deal with (a difficult situation or person); to accept (facts, reality, etc.) even when undesirable.
face: To have the front in a certain direction.
face: To have as an opponent.
face: To be the batsman on strike.
face: To confront impudently; to bully.
face: To cover in front, for ornament, protection, etc.; to put a facing upon.
face: To line near the edge, especially with a different material.
face: To cover with better, or better appearing, material than the mass consists of, for purpose of deception, as the surface of a box of tea, a barrel of sugar, etc.
face: To make the surface of (anything) flat or smooth; to dress the face of (a stone, a casting, etc.); especially, in turning, to shape or smooth the flat (transverse) surface of, as distinguished from the cylindrical (axial) surface.
face: To arrange the products in (a store) so that they are tidy and attractive.
sewn: past participle of sew
sold: simple past and past participle of sell
redo: To do again.
come: To move from further away to nearer to.
come: To move towards the speaker.
come: To move from further away to nearer to.
come: To move towards the listener.
come: To move from further away to nearer to.
come: To move towards the object that is the focus of the sentence.
come: To move from further away to nearer to.
come: To move towards the agent or subject of the main clause.
come: To move from further away to nearer to.
come: To move towards an unstated agent.
come: To move from further away to nearer to.
come: To arrive.
come: To appear, to manifest itself.
come: To begin to have an opinion or feeling.
come: To do something by chance, without intending to do it.
come: To take a position relative to something else in a sequence.
come: To achieve orgasm; to cum; to ejaculate.
come: To become butter by being churned.
come: To approach a state of being or accomplishment.
come: To take a particular approach or point of view in regard to something.
come: To become, to turn out to be.
come: To be supplied, or made available; to exist.
come: To carry through; to succeed in.
come: Happen.
come: To have as an origin, originate.
come: To have a certain social background.
come: To have as an origin, originate.
come: To be or have been a resident or native.
come: To have as an origin, originate.
come: To have been brought up by or employed by.
come: To have as an origin, originate.
come: To begin (at a certain location); to radiate or stem (from).
come: To germinate.
come: To pretend to be; to behave in the manner of.
feel: To use or experience the sense of touch.
feel: To become aware of through the skin; to use the sense of touch on.
feel: To use or experience the sense of touch.
feel: To find one's way (literally or figuratively) by touching or using cautious movements.
feel: To use or experience the sense of touch.
feel: To receive information by touch or by any neurons other than those responsible for sight, smell, taste, or hearing.
feel: To use or experience the sense of touch.
feel: To search by sense of touch.
feel: To sense or think emotionally or judgmentally.
feel: To experience an emotion or other mental state about.
feel: To sense or think emotionally or judgmentally.
feel: To think, believe, or have an impression concerning.
feel: To sense or think emotionally or judgmentally.
feel: To experience an emotion or other mental state.
feel: To sense or think emotionally or judgmentally.
feel: To sympathise; to have the sensibilities moved or affected.
feel: To be or become aware of.
feel: To experience the consequences of.
feel: To seem (through touch or otherwise).
feel: To understand.
seen: past participle of see
seen: simple past of see; saw.
seen: To understand, to comprehend.
wine: To entertain (someone) with wine.
wine: To drink wine.
wine: To perform a Jamaican dance, such as the Dutty Wine.
rung: past participle of ring (only in senses related to a bell)
rung: simple past of ring
self: To fertilize by the same individual; to self-fertilize or self-pollinate.
self: To fertilize by the same strain; to inbreed.
slid: simple past and past participle of slide
sung: past participle of sing
sung: simple past of sing
sent: simple past and past participle of send
said: simple past and past participle of say
burn: To cause to be consumed by fire.
burn: To be consumed by fire, or in flames.
burn: To overheat so as to make unusable.
burn: To become overheated to the point of being unusable.
burn: To make or produce by the application of fire or burning heat.
burn: To injure (a person or animal) with heat or chemicals that produce similar damage.
burn: To cauterize.
burn: To sunburn.
burn: To consume, damage, or change the condition of, as if by action of fire or heat; to affect as fire or heat does.
burn: To be hot, e.g. due to embarrassment.
burn: To cause to combine with oxygen or other active agent, with evolution of heat; to consume; to oxidize.
burn: To combine energetically, with evolution of heat.
burn: To write data to a permanent storage medium like a compact disc or a ROM chip.
burn: To render subtitles into a video's content while transcoding it, making the subtitles part of the image.
burn: To betray.
burn: To insult or defeat.
burn: To waste (time); to waste money or other resources.
burn: In certain games, to approach near to a concealed object which is sought.
burn: To accidentally touch a moving stone.
burn: In pontoon, to swap a pair of cards for another pair, or to deal a dead card.
burn: To increase the exposure for certain areas of a print in order to make them lighter (compare dodge).
burn: To be converted to another element in a nuclear fusion reaction, especially in a star.
burn: To discard.
burn: To shoot someone with a firearm.
burn: To compromise (an agent's cover story).
burn: To blackmail.
lean: To incline, deviate, or bend, from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating.
lean: To incline in opinion or desire; to conform in conduct; often with to, toward, etc.
lean: Followed by against, on, or upon: to rest or rely, for support, comfort, etc.
lean: To hang outwards.
lean: To press against.
lean: To thin out (a fuel-air mixture): to reduce the fuel flow into the mixture so that there is more air or oxygen.
lean: To conceal.
shat: simple past and past participle of shit
rode: simple past of ride
rode: past participle of ride
rode: Of a male woodcock, to fly back and forth over the edge of a woodland while calling; to perform its, typically crepuscular, mating flight.
swum: past participle of swim
swum: simple past of swim
swam: simple past of swim
sped: simple past and past participle of speed
keep: To continue in (a course or mode of action); to not intermit or fall from; to uphold or maintain.
keep: To remain faithful to a given promise or word.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To maintain possession of.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To maintain the condition of; to preserve in a certain state.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To record transactions, accounts, or events in.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To enter (accounts, records, etc.) in a book.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To remain in; to be confined to.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To restrain.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To watch over, look after, guard, protect.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To supply with necessities and financially support (a person).
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To raise; to care for.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To refrain from freely disclosing (a secret).
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To maintain (an establishment or institution); to conduct; to manage.
keep: To hold the status of something.
keep: To have habitually in stock for sale.
keep: To hold or be held in a state.
keep: To reside for a time; to lodge; to dwell.
keep: To hold or be held in a state.
keep: To continue.
keep: To hold or be held in a state.
keep: To remain edible or otherwise usable.
keep: To hold or be held in a state.
keep: To remain in a state.
keep: To wait for, keep watch for.
keep: To act as wicket-keeper.
keep: To take care; to be solicitous; to watch.
keep: To be in session; to take place.
keep: To observe; to adhere to; to fulfill; to not swerve from or violate.
keep: To visit (a place) often; to frequent.
keep: To observe or celebrate (a holiday).
quit: To pay (a debt, fine etc.).
quit: To repay (someone) for (something).
quit: To repay, pay back (a good deed, injury etc.).
quit: To conduct or acquit (oneself); to behave (in a specified way).
quit: To carry through; to go through to the end.
quit: To set at rest; to free, as from anything harmful or oppressive; to relieve; to clear; to liberate.
quit: To release from obligation, accusation, penalty, etc.; to absolve; to acquit.
quit: To abandon, renounce (a thing).
quit: To leave (a place).
quit: To resign from (a job, office, position, etc.).
quit: To stop, give up (an activity) (usually + gerund or verbal noun).
quit: To close (an application).
took: simple past of take
took: past participle of take
slew: To rotate or turn something about its axis.
slew: To veer a vehicle.
slew: To insert extra ticks or skip some ticks of a clock to slowly correct its time.
slew: To pivot.
slew: To skid.
slew: To move something (usually a railway line) sideways.
slew: To make a public mockery of someone through insult or wit.
slew: simple past of slay
wept: simple past and past participle of weep
carp: To complain about a fault; to harp on.
carp: To say; to tell.
carp: To find fault with; to censure.
dupe: To swindle, deceive, or trick.
dupe: To duplicate.
spun: simple past and past participle of spin
lead: To cover, fill, or affect with lead.
lead: To place leads between the lines of.
lead: To guide or conduct.
lead: To guide or conduct with the hand, or by means of some physical contact connection.
lead: To guide or conduct.
lead: To guide or conduct in a certain course, or to a certain place or end, by making the way known; to show the way, especially by going with or going in advance of, to lead a pupil; to guide somebody somewhere or to bring somebody somewhere by means of instructions.
lead: To guide or conduct.
lead: To direct; to counsel; to instruct
lead: To guide or conduct.
lead: To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; to command, especially a military or business unit.
lead: To guide or conduct.
lead: To guide or conduct oneself in, through, or along (a certain course); hence, to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also, to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).
lead: To guide or conduct, as by accompanying, going before, showing, influencing, directing with authority, etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; — used in most of the senses of the transitive verb.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence, to be foremost or chief among.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To lead off or out, to go first; to begin.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To be more advanced in technology or business than others.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To begin a game, round, or trick, with
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To be ahead of others, e.g., in a race.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To have the highest interim score in a game.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To step off base and move towards the next base.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: To aim in front of a moving target, in order that the shot may hit the target as it passes.
lead: To begin, to be ahead.
lead: Lead climb.
lead: To draw or direct by influence, whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure
lead: To tend or reach in a certain direction, or to a certain place.
lead: To produce (with to).
lead: Misspelling of led.
lead: To live or experience (a particular way of life).
lead: Misspelling of led.
meet: To make contact (with someone) while in proximity.
meet: To come face to face with by accident; to encounter.
meet: To make contact (with someone) while in proximity.
meet: To come face to face with someone by arrangement.
meet: To make contact (with someone) while in proximity.
meet: To get acquainted with someone.
meet: To come together.
meet: To gather for a formal or social discussion; to hold a meeting.
meet: To come together.
meet: To come together in conflict.
meet: To come together.
meet: To play a match.
meet: To make physical or perceptual contact.
meet: To converge and finally touch or intersect.
meet: To make physical or perceptual contact.
meet: To touch or hit something while moving.
meet: To make physical or perceptual contact.
meet: To adjoin, be physically touching.
meet: To make physical or perceptual contact.
meet: To respond to (an argument etc.) with something equally convincing; to refute.
meet: To satisfy; to comply with.
meet: To balance or come out correct.
meet: To perceive; to come to a knowledge of; to have personal acquaintance with; to experience; to suffer.
meet: To be mixed with, to be combined with aspects of.
chin: To talk.
chin: To talk to or with (someone).
chin: To perform a chin-up (exercise in which one lifts one's own weight while hanging from a bar).
chin: To punch or hit (someone)'s chin (part of the body).
chin: To put or hold (a musical instrument) up to one's chin.
chin: To turn on or operate (a device) using one's chin; to select (a particular setting) using one's chin.
chin: To put one's chin on (something).
chin: To indicate or point toward (someone or something) with one's chin.
wore: simple past of wear
wore: past participle of wear
down: To knock (someone or something) down; to cause to come down; to fell.
down: To knock (someone or something) down; to cause to come down; to fell.
down: Specifically, to cause (something in the air) to fall to the ground; to bring down (with a missile etc.).
down: To lower; to put (something) down.
down: To defeat; to overpower.
down: To disparage; to put down.
down: To go or come down; to descend.
down: To drink or swallow, especially without stopping before the vessel containing the liquid is empty.
down: To render (the ball) dead, typically by touching the ground while in possession.
down: To sink (a ball) into a hole or pocket.
down: To cover, ornament, line, or stuff with down.
bear: To endeavour to depress the price of, or prices in.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To carry upon one's person, especially visibly; to be equipped with.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To wear.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To carry (offspring in the womb), to be pregnant (with).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To have or display (a mark or other feature).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To display (a particular heraldic device) on a shield or coat of arms; to be entitled to wear or use (a heraldic device) as a coat of arms.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To present or exhibit (a particular outward appearance); to have (a certain look).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To have (a name, title, or designation).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To possess or enjoy (recognition, renown, a reputation, etc.); to have (a particular price, value, or worth).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To have (interest or a specified rate of interest) stipulated in its terms.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To have (an appendage, organ, etc.) as part of the body; (of a part of the body) to have (an appendage).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To carry or hold in the mind; to experience, entertain, harbour (an idea, feeling, or emotion).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To feel and show (respect, reverence, loyalty, etc.) to, towards, or unto a person or thing.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To possess inherently (a quality, attribute, power, or capacity); to have and display as an essential characteristic.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To have (a relation, correspondence, etc.) to something else.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To give (written or oral testimony or evidence); (figurative) to provide or constitute (evidence or proof), give witness.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To have (a certain meaning, intent, or effect).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To behave or conduct (oneself).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To possess and use, to exercise (power or influence); to hold (an office, rank, or position).
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To carry a burden or burdens.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To take or bring (a person) with oneself; to conduct.
bear: To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
bear: To support, sustain, or endure.
bear: To support or sustain; to hold up.
bear: To support, sustain, or endure.
bear: To endure or withstand (hardship, scrutiny, etc.); to tolerate; to be patient (with).
bear: To support, sustain, or endure.
bear: To sustain, or be answerable for (blame, expense, responsibility, etc.).
bear: To support, sustain, or endure.
bear: To admit or be capable of (a meaning); to suffer or sustain without violence, injury, or change.
bear: To support, sustain, or endure.
bear: To warrant, justify the need for.
bear: To support, keep up, or maintain.
bear: To afford, to be something to someone, to supply with something.
bear: To support, keep up, or maintain.
bear: To carry on, or maintain; to have.
bear: To press or impinge upon.
bear: To push, thrust, press.
bear: To press or impinge upon.
bear: To take effect; to have influence or force; to be relevant.
bear: To press or impinge upon.
bear: Of a weapon, to be aimed at an enemy or other target.
bear: To produce, yield, give birth to.
bear: To give birth to (someone or something) (may take the father of the direct object as an indirect object).
bear: To produce, yield, give birth to.
bear: To produce or yield something, such as fruit or crops.
bear: To be, or head, in a specific direction or azimuth (from somewhere).
bear: To gain or win.
shoe: To put shoes on one's own feet.
shoe: To put shoes on someone or something else's feet, especially to put horseshoes on a horse.
shoe: To cover an object with a protective layer of material.
coat: To cover with a coating of some material.
coat: To cover like a coat.
coat: To clothe.
trod: simple past of tread
trod: To walk heavily or laboriously; plod; tread
rang: simple past of ring (only in senses related to a bell — etymology 2)
tout: To flaunt, to publicize/publicise; to boast or brag; to promote.
tout: To spy out information about (a horse, a racing stable, etc.).
tout: To give a tip on (a racehorse) to a person, with the expectation of sharing in any winnings.
tout: To spy out the movements of racehorses at their trials, or to get by stealth or other improper means the secrets of the stable, for betting purposes.
tout: To act as a tout; to give a tip on a racehorse.
tout: To look for, try to obtain; used with for.
tout: To look upon or watch.
blow: To produce an air current.
blow: To propel by an air current (or, if under water, a water current), usually with the mouth.
blow: To be propelled by an air current.
blow: To direct or move, usually of a person to a particular location.
blow: To create or shape by blowing.
blow: To force a current of air upon with the mouth, or by other means.
blow: To clear of contents by forcing air through.
blow: To cause to make sound by blowing, as a musical instrument.
blow: To make a sound as the result of being blown.
blow: To exhale visibly through the spout the seawater which it has taken in while feeding.
blow: To burst or explode; to occur suddenly
blow: To cause to explode, shatter, or be utterly destroyed.
blow: To blow from a gun.
blow: To cause the sudden destruction of.
blow: To suddenly fail destructively.
blow: To recklessly squander.
blow: To fail at something; to mess up; to make a mistake.
blow: To be very undesirable.
blow: To fellate; to perform oral sex on (usually a man).
blow: To leave, especially suddenly or in a hurry.
blow: To make flyblown, to defile, especially with fly eggs.
blow: (of a fly) To lay eggs; to breed.
blow: To spread by report; to publish; to disclose.
blow: To inflate, as with pride; to puff up.
blow: To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff.
blow: To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue.
blow: To talk loudly; boast; brag.
blow: To expose, or inform on.
blow: To sing.
blow: To leave the Church of Scientology in an unauthorized manner.
blow: To flatulate or defecate.
blow: To blossom; to cause to bloom or blossom.
hold: To grasp or grip.
hold: To contain or store.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To have and keep possession of something.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To reserve.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To cause to wait or delay.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To detain.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To be or remain valid; to apply (usually in the third person).
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To keep oneself in a particular state.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To bear, carry, or manage.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: Not to move; to halt; to stop.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.
hold: To maintain or keep to a position or state.
hold: To remain continent; to control an excretory bodily function.
hold: To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.
hold: To maintain, to consider, to opine.
hold: To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.
hold: To bind (someone) to a consequence of his or her actions.
hold: To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.
hold: To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute, as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.
hold: To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.
hold: To accept, as an opinion; to be the adherent of, openly or privately; to persist in, as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.
hold: To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.
hold: To restrain oneself; to refrain; to hold back.
hold: To win one's own service game.
hold: To take place, to occur.
hold: To organise an event or meeting (usually in passive voice).
hold: To derive right or title.
hold: In a food or drink order at an informal restaurant etc., requesting that a component normally included in that order be omitted.
hold: To be in possession of illicit drugs for sale.
bull: To force oneself (in a particular direction).
bull: To be in heat; to be ready for mating with a bull.
bull: To mate with (a cow or heifer).
bull: To endeavour to raise the market price of.
bull: To endeavour to raise prices in.
bull: to publish in a Papal bull
bull: To mock; to cheat.
bull: To lie, to tell untruths.
bull: To polish boots to a high shine.
hide: To put (something) in a place where it will be harder to discover or out of sight.
hide: To put oneself in a place where one will be harder to find or out of sight.
hide: To beat with a whip made from hide.
card: To check IDs, especially against a minimum age requirement.
card: To play cards.
card: To make (a stated score), as recorded on a scoring card.
card: To use a carding device to disentangle the fibres of wool prior to spinning.
card: To scrape or tear someone’s flesh using a metal comb, as a form of torture.
card: To comb with a card; to cleanse or disentangle by carding.
card: To clean or clear, as if by using a card.
card: To mix or mingle, as with an inferior or weaker article.
bell: To attach a bell to.
bell: To shape so that it flares out like a bell.
bell: To telephone.
bell: To develop bells or corollas; to take the form of a bell; to blossom.
bell: To bellow or roar.
bell: To utter in a loud manner; to thunder forth.
slay: To kill; to murder.
slay: To eradicate or stamp out.
slay: To defeat; to overcome (in a competition or contest).
slay: To delight or overwhelm, especially with laughter.
slay: To amaze, stun, or otherwise incapacitate by excellence; to excel at something.
slay: To have sex with.
slit: To cut a narrow opening.
slit: To split into strips by lengthwise cuts.
slit: To cut; to sever; to divide.
worn: past participle of wear
hang: To be or remain suspended.
hang: To float, as if suspended.
hang: To veer in one direction.
hang: To rebound unexpectedly or unusually slowly, due to backward spin on the ball or imperfections of the ground.
hang: To hold or bear in a suspended or inclined manner or position instead of erect.
hang: To cause (something) to be suspended, as from a hook, hanger, hinges, or the like.
hang: To kill (someone) by suspension from the neck, usually as a form of execution or suicide.
hang: To be executed by suspension by one's neck from a gallows, a tree, or other raised bar, attached by a rope tied into a noose.
hang: (used in maledictions) To damn.
hang: To loiter; to hang around; to spend time idly.
hang: To exhibit (an object) by hanging.
hang: To apply (wallpaper or drywall to a wall).
hang: To decorate (something) with hanging objects.
hang: To remain persistently in one's thoughts.
hang: To prevent from reaching a decision, especially by refusing to join in a verdict that must be unanimous.
hang: To stop responding to manual input devices such as the keyboard and mouse.
hang: To cause (a program or computer) to stop responding.
hang: To cause (a piece) to become vulnerable to capture.
hang: To be vulnerable to capture.
hang: To throw a hittable off-speed pitch.
hang: To attach or cause to stick (a charge or accusation, etc.).
sang: simple past of sing
torn: past participle of tear (rip, rend, speed).
told: simple past and past participle of tell
boat: To travel by boat.
boat: To transport in a boat.
boat: To place in a boat.
seek: To try to find; to look for; to search for.
seek: To ask for; to solicit; to beseech.
seek: To try to acquire or gain; to strive after; to aim at.
seek: To go, move, travel (in a given direction).
seek: To try to reach or come to; to go to; to resort to.
seek: To attempt, endeavour, try
seek: To navigate through a stream.
have: To possess, own.
have: To hold, as something at someone's disposal.
have: To include as a part, ingredient, or feature.
have: Used to state the existence or presence of someone in a specified relationship with the subject.
have: To consume or use up (a particular substance or resource, especially food or drink).
have: To undertake or perform (an action or activity).
have: To be scheduled to attend, undertake or participate in.
have: To experience, go through, undergo.
have: To be afflicted with, suffer from.
have: Used in forming the perfect aspect.
have: Used as an interrogative verb before a pronoun to form a tag question, echoing a previous use of 'have' as an auxiliary verb or, in certain cases, main verb. (For further discussion, see the appendix English tag questions.)
have: See have to.
have: To give birth to.
have: To obtain.
have: To engage in sexual intercourse with.
have: To accept as a romantic partner.
have: To cause to, by a command, request or invitation.
have: To cause to be.
have: To be affected by an occurrence. (Used in supplying a topic that is not a verb argument.)
have: To depict as being.
have: To defeat in a fight; take.
have: To inflict punishment or retribution on.
have: To be able to speak (a language).
have: To feel or be (especially painfully) aware of.
have: To trick, to deceive.
have: To allow; to tolerate.
have: To believe, buy, be taken in by.
have: To host someone; to take in as a guest.
have: To get a reading, measurement, or result from an instrument or calculation.
have: To consider a court proceeding that has been completed; to begin deliberations on a case.
have: To make an observation of (a bird species).
have: To capture or actively hold someone's attention or interest.
tore: simple past of tear (“rip, rend, speed”).
tore: past participle of tear (“rip, rend, speed”)
race: To take part in a race (in the sense of a contest).
race: To compete against in a race (contest).
race: To move or drive at high speed; to hurry or speed.
race: To run rapidly when not engaged to a transmission.
race: To assign a race to; to perceive as having a (usually specified) race.
race: To pass down certain phenotypic traits to offspring.
race: Obsolete form of raze.
shut: To close, to stop from being open.
shut: To close, to stop being open.
shut: To close (a business) temporarily.
shut: To confine in an enclosed area.
shut: To isolate, to close off from the world.
shut: To catch or snag in the act of shutting something.
shut: To preclude, exclude.
boot: To kick.
boot: To put boots on, especially for riding.
boot: To step on the accelerator of a vehicle for faster acceleration than usual or to drive faster than usual.
boot: To apply corporal punishment (compare slippering).
boot: To eject; kick out.
boot: To start or restart a computer or other electronic system; to bootstrap.
boot: To disconnect forcibly; to eject from an online service, conversation, etc.
boot: To vomit.
boot: To shoot, to kill by gunfire.
boot: To be beneficial, to help.
boot: To matter; to be relevant.
boot: To enrich.
boot: To bootstrap; to start a system, e.g. a computer, by invoking its boot process or bootstrap.
woke: simple past of wake
woke: past participle of wake
spat: simple past and past participle of spit
spat: To spawn. Used of shellfish as above.
spat: To quarrel or argue briefly.
spat: To strike with a spattering sound.
spat: To slap, as with the open hand; to clap together, as the hands.
undo: To reverse the effects of an action.
undo: To unfasten.
undo: To impoverish or ruin, as in reputation; to cause the downfall of.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: Often followed by in: to gather (things which are apart) together, especially quickly.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: Often followed by an adverb or preposition such as away, off, out, etc.: to drag or pull in a certain direction.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: To claw at; to scrape, to scratch; followed by away: to erase, to obliterate.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: Followed by up: to bring up or uncover (something), as embarrassing information, past misdeeds, etc.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: To search through (thoroughly).
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: To move (a beam of light, a glance with the eyes, etc.) across (something) with a long side-to-side motion; specifically (often military) to use a weapon to fire at (something) with a side-to-side motion; to spray with gunfire.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: To move (a beam of light, a glance with the eyes, etc.) across (something) with a long side-to-side motion; specifically (often military) to use a weapon to fire at (something) with a side-to-side motion; to spray with gunfire.
rake: To fire upon an enemy vessel from a position in line with its bow or stern, causing one's fire to travel through the length of the enemy vessel for maximum damage.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: To cover (something) by or as if by raking things over it.
rake: To act upon with a rake, or as if with a rake.
rake: Alternative spelling of raik (“(intransitive, Midlands, Northern England, Scotland) to walk; to roam, to wander; of animals (especially sheep): to graze; (transitive, chiefly Scotland) to roam or wander through (somewhere)”)
rake: To move swiftly; to proceed rapidly.
rake: Of a bird of prey: to fly after a quarry; also, to fly away from the falconer, to go wide of the quarry being pursued.
rake: To incline (something) from a perpendicular direction.
rake: Senses relating to watercraft.
rake: To provide (the bow or stern of a watercraft) with a rake (“a slant that causes it to extend beyond the keel”).
rake: Senses relating to watercraft.
rake: Of a watercraft: to have a rake at its bow or stern.
rake: To behave as a rake; to lead a hedonistic and immoral life.
sell: To transfer goods or provide services in exchange for money.
sell: To be sold.
sell: To promote a product or service.
sell: To promote a particular viewpoint.
sell: To betray for money or other things.
sell: To trick, cheat, or manipulate someone.
sell: To pretend that an opponent's blows or maneuvers are causing legitimate injury; to act.
shed: To part, separate or divide.
shed: To part with, separate from, leave off; cast off, let fall, be divested of.
shed: To pour; to make flow.
shed: To allow to flow or fall.
shed: To radiate, cast, give off (light).
shed: To pour forth, give off, impart.
shed: To fall in drops; to pour.
shed: To sprinkle; to intersperse; to cover.
shed: To divide, as the warp threads, so as to form a shed, or passageway, for the shuttle.
shed: To place or allocate a vehicle, such as a locomotive, in or to a depot or shed.
shed: To woodshed.
lark: To catch larks (type of bird).
lark: To sport, engage in harmless pranking.
lark: To frolic, engage in carefree adventure.
jeer: To utter sarcastic or mocking comments; to speak with mockery or derision; to use taunting language.
jeer: To mock; treat with mockery; to taunt.
weep: To cry; to shed tears, especially when accompanied with sobbing or other difficulty speaking, as an expression of emotion such as sadness or joy.
weep: To lament; to complain.
weep: To give off moisture in small quantities, e.g. due to condensation.
weep: To produce secretions.
weep: To give off moisture in small quantities, e.g. due to condensation.
weep: To flow in drops; to run in drops.
weep: To hang the branches, as if in sorrow; to be pendent; to droop; said of a plant or its branches.
weep: To weep over; to bewail.
body: To give body or shape to something.
body: To construct the bodywork of a car.
body: To embody.
body: To murder someone.
body: To murder someone.
body: To utterly defeat someone.
cell: To place or enclose in a cell.
swim: To move through the water, without touching the bottom; to propel oneself in water by natural means.
swim: To become immersed in, or as if in, or flooded with, or as if with, a liquid
swim: To move around freely because of excess space.
swim: To traverse (a specific body of water, or a specific distance) by swimming; or, to utilize a specific swimming stroke; or, to compete in a specific swimming event.
swim: To cause to swim.
swim: To float.
swim: To be overflowed or drenched.
swim: To immerse in water to make the lighter parts float.
swim: To test (a suspected witch) by throwing into a river; those who floated rather than sinking were deemed to be witches.
swim: To glide along with a waving motion.
swim: To be dizzy or vertiginous; have a giddy sensation; to have, or appear to have, a whirling motion.
stay: To remain in a particular place, especially for a definite or short period of time; sojourn; abide.
stay: To continue to have a particular quality.
stay: To prop; support; sustain; hold up; steady.
stay: To support from sinking; to sustain with strength; to satisfy in part or for the time.
stay: To stop or delay something.
stay: To stop; detain; keep back; delay; hinder.
stay: To stop or delay something.
stay: To restrain; withhold; check; stop.
stay: To stop or delay something.
stay: To cause to cease; to put an end to.
stay: To stop or delay something.
stay: To put off; defer; postpone; delay; keep back.
stay: To hold the attention of.
stay: To bear up under; to endure; to hold out against; to resist.
stay: To wait for; await.
stay: To remain for the purpose of; to stay to take part in or be present at (a meal, ceremony etc.).
stay: To rest; depend; rely.
stay: To stop; come to a stand or standstill.
stay: To come to an end; cease.
stay: To dwell; linger; tarry; wait.
stay: To make a stand; to stand firm.
stay: To hold out, as in a race or contest; last or persevere to the end; to show staying power.
stay: To wait; rest in patience or expectation.
stay: To wait as an attendant; give ceremonious or submissive attendance.
stay: To live; reside
stay: To brace or support with a stay or stays
stay: To incline forward, aft, or to one side by means of stays.
stay: To tack; put on the other tack.
stay: To change; tack; go about; be in stays, as a ship.
back: To go in the reverse direction.
back: To support.
back: To change direction contrary to the normal pattern; that is, to shift anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere, or clockwise in the southern hemisphere.
back: To brace the yards so that the wind presses on the front of the sail, to slow the ship.
back: To lay out a second, smaller anchor to provide additional holding power.
back: To stand still behind another dog which has pointed.
back: To push or force backwards.
back: To get upon the back of; to mount.
back: To place or seat upon the back.
back: To make a back for; to furnish with a back.
back: To adjoin behind; to be at the back of.
back: To write upon the back of, possibly as an endorsement.
back: To sign or endorse (a warrant, issued in another county, to apprehend an offender).
back: To row backward with (oars).
back: To draw from behind the back [+accusative = a knife etc.] (as also back out).
back: To carry an infant on one's back.
wake: (often followed by up) To stop sleeping.
wake: (often followed by up) To make somebody stop sleeping; to rouse from sleep.
wake: To put in motion or action; to arouse; to excite.
wake: To be excited or roused up; to be stirred up from a dormant, torpid, or inactive state; to be active.
wake: To watch, or sit up with, at night, as a dead body.
wake: To be or remain awake; not to sleep.
wake: To be alert; to keep watch
wake: To sit up late for festive purposes; to hold a night revel.
fire: To set (something, often a building) on fire.
fire: To heat as with fire, but without setting on fire, as ceramic, metal objects, etc.
fire: To drive away by setting a fire.
fire: To terminate the employment contract of (an employee), especially for cause (such as misconduct or poor performance).
fire: To terminate a contract with a client; to drop a client.
fire: To shoot (a gun, rocket/missile, or analogous device).
fire: To shoot a gun, cannon, or similar weapon.
fire: To operate a rocket engine to produce thrust.
fire: To set off an explosive in a mine.
fire: To shoot; to attempt to score a goal.
fire: To cause an action potential in a cell.
fire: To forcibly direct (something).
fire: To initiate an event (by means of an event handler).
fire: To inflame; to irritate, as the passions.
fire: To be irritated or inflamed with passion.
fire: To animate; to give life or spirit to.
fire: To feed or serve the fire of.
fire: To light up as if by fire; to illuminate.
fire: To cauterize.
fire: To catch fire; to be kindled.
wear: To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.
wear: To have or carry on one's person habitually, consistently; or, to maintain in a particular fashion or manner.
wear: To bear or display in one's aspect or appearance.
wear: To overcome one's reluctance and endure a (previously specified) situation.
wear: To eat away at, erode, diminish, or consume gradually; to cause a gradual deterioration in; to produce (some change) through attrition, exposure, or constant use.
wear: To undergo gradual deterioration; become impaired; be reduced or consumed gradually due to any continued process, activity, or use.
wear: To exhaust, fatigue, expend, or weary.
wear: To last or remain durable under hard use or over time; to retain usefulness, value, or desirable qualities under any continued strain or long period of time; sometimes said of a person, regarding the quality of being easy or difficult to tolerate.
wear: (in the phrase "wearing on (someone)") To cause annoyance, irritation, fatigue, or weariness near the point of an exhaustion of patience.
wear: To pass slowly, gradually or tediously.
wear: To bring (a sailing vessel) onto the other tack by bringing the wind around the stern (as opposed to tacking when the wind is brought around the bow); to come round on another tack by turning away from the wind. Also written "ware". Past: weared, or wore/worn.
wear: To guard; watch; keep watch, especially from entry or invasion.
wear: To defend; protect.
wear: To ward off; prevent from approaching or entering; drive off; repel.
wear: To conduct or guide with care or caution, as into a fold or place of safety.
shot: simple past and past participle of shoot
shot: To load (a gun) with shot.
shot: To sell illegal drugs; to deal.
coal: To post low-quality content online.
coal: To take on a supply of coal (usually of steam ships or locomotives).
coal: To supply with coal.
coal: To be converted to charcoal.
coal: To burn to charcoal; to char.
coal: To mark or delineate with charcoal.
ride: To transport oneself by sitting on and directing a horse, later also a bicycle etc.
ride: To be transported in a vehicle; to travel as a passenger.
ride: To transport (someone) in a vehicle.
ride: Of a ship: to sail, to float on the water.
ride: To be carried or supported by something lightly and quickly; to travel in such a way, as though on horseback.
ride: To traverse by riding.
ride: To convey, as by riding; to make or do by riding.
ride: To exploit or take advantage of (a situation).
ride: To support a rider, as a horse; to move under the saddle.
ride: To mount (someone) to have sex with them; to have sexual intercourse with.
ride: To nag or criticize; to annoy (someone).
ride: Of clothing: to gradually move (up) and crease; to ruckle.
ride: To rely, depend (on).
ride: Of clothing: to rest (in a given way on a part of the body).
ride: To play defense on the defensemen or midfielders, as an attackman.
ride: To manage insolently at will; to domineer over.
ride: To overlap (each other); said of bones or fractured fragments.
ride: To monitor (some component of an audiovisual signal) in order to keep it within acceptable bounds.
ride: In jazz, to play in a steady rhythmical style.
comb: To groom with a toothed implement, especially a comb.
comb: To separate choice cotton fibers from worsted cloth fibers.
comb: To search thoroughly as if raking over an area with a comb.
comb: To roll over, as the top or crest of a wave; to break with a white foam, as waves.
comb: To turn a vessel parallel to (the track of) (a torpedo) so as to reduce one's size as a target.
make: To create.
make: To build, construct, produce, or originate.
make: To create.
make: To write or compose.
make: To create.
make: To bring about; to effect or produce by means of some action.
make: To create.
make: To create (the universe), especially (in Christianity) from nothing.
make: To create.
make: To prepare (food); to cook (food).
make: To behave, to act.
make: To tend; to contribute; to have effect; with for or against.
make: To constitute.
make: To add up to, have a sum of.
make: To interpret.
make: To bring into success.
make: To cause to be.
make: To cause to appear to be; to represent as.
make: To cause (to do something); to compel (to do something).
make: To force to do.
make: To indicate or suggest to be.
make: To cover neatly with bedclothes.
make: To recognise, identify, spot.
make: To arrive at a destination, usually at or by a certain time.
make: To proceed (in a direction).
make: To cover (a given distance) by travelling.
make: To move at (a speed).
make: To appoint; to name.
make: To induct into the Mafia or a similar organization (as a made man).
make: To defecate or urinate.
make: To earn, to gain (money, points, membership or status).
make: To pay, to cover (an expense); chiefly used after expressions of inability.
make: To compose verses; to write poetry; to versify.
make: To enact; to establish.
make: To develop into; to prove to be.
make: To form or formulate in the mind.
make: To perform a feat.
make: To gain sufficient audience to warrant its existence.
make: To act in a certain manner; to have to do; to manage; to interfere; to be active; often in the phrase to meddle or make.
make: To increase; to augment; to accrue.
make: To be engaged or concerned in.
make: To cause to be (in a specified place), used after a subjective what.
make: To take the virginity of.
make: To have sexual intercourse with.
make: Of water, to flow toward land; to rise.
spin: To rotate, revolve, gyrate (usually quickly); to partially or completely rotate to face another direction.
spin: To enter, or remain in, a spin (abnormal stalled flight mode).
spin: To rotate, revolve, gyrate (usually quickly); to partially or completely rotate to face another direction.
spin: To cause one's aircraft to enter or remain in a spin (abnormal stalled flight mode).
spin: To rotate, revolve, gyrate (usually quickly); to partially or completely rotate to face another direction.
spin: To make yarn by twisting and winding fibers together.
spin: To present, describe, or interpret, or to introduce a bias or slant, so as to give something a favorable or advantageous appearance.
spin: To make the ball move sideways when it bounces on the pitch.
spin: To move sideways when bouncing.
spin: To form into thin strips or ribbons, as with sugar
spin: To form (a web, a cocoon, silk, etc.) from threads produced by the extrusion of a viscid, transparent liquid, which hardens on coming into contact with the air; said of the spider, the silkworm, etc.
spin: To shape, as malleable sheet metal, into a hollow form, by bending or buckling it by pressing against it with a smooth hand tool or roller while the metal revolves, as in a lathe.
spin: To move swiftly.
spin: To stream or issue in a thread or a small current or jet.
spin: To wait in a loop until some condition becomes true.
spin: To play (vinyl records, etc.) as a disc jockey.
spin: To use an exercise bicycle, especially as part of a gym class.
spin: To ride a bicycle at a fast cadence.
spin: To search rapidly.
spin: To draw out tediously; prolong.
tell: To count, reckon, or enumerate.
tell: To narrate, to recount.
tell: To convey by speech; to say.
tell: To instruct or inform.
tell: To order; to direct, to say to someone.
tell: To discern, notice, identify or distinguish.
tell: To reveal.
tell: To be revealed.
tell: To have an effect, especially a noticeable one; to be apparent, to be demonstrated.
tell: To use (beads or similar objects) as an aid to prayer.
tell: To inform someone in authority about a wrongdoing.
tell: To reveal information in prose through outright expository statement -- contrasted with show
goat: To allow goats to feed on.
goat: To scapegoat.
goat: To isolate (an opposing blocker) behind one's own blockers, so as to slow down the pack.
vole: To win all the tricks by a vole.
guts: third-person singular simple present indicative of gut
guts: To eat greedily.
guts: To show determination or courage (especially in the combination guts out).
hare: To move swiftly.
hare: To excite; to tease, or worry; to harry.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To move upwards.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To grow upward; to attain a certain height.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To slope upward.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To appear to move upwards from behind the horizon of a planet as a result of the planet's rotation.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To become erect; to assume an upright position.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To leave one's bed; to get up.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To be resurrected.
rise: To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.
rise: To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn.
rise: To increase in value or standing.
rise: To attain a higher status.
rise: To increase in value or standing.
rise: Of a quantity, price, etc., to increase.
rise: To increase in value or standing.
rise: To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; said of style, thought, or discourse.
rise: To increase in value or standing.
rise: To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pitch.
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To become active, effective or operational, especially in response to an external or internal stimulus.
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To develop, to come about or intensify.
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light.
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To have its source (in a particular place).
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To become perceptible to the senses, other than sight.
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To become agitated, opposed, or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel.
rise: To begin, to develop; to be initiated.
rise: To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur.
rise: To go up; to ascend; to climb.
rise: To cause to go up or ascend.
rise: To retire; to give up a siege.
rise: To come; to offer itself.
rise: To be lifted, or capable of being lifted, from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; said of a form.
cook: To prepare food for eating by heating it, often combining with other ingredients.
cook: To be cooked.
cook: To be uncomfortably hot.
cook: To execute by electric chair.
cook: To hold on to a grenade briefly after igniting the fuse, so that it explodes almost immediately after being thrown.
cook: To concoct or prepare.
cook: To tamper with or alter; to cook up.
cook: To play or improvise in an inspired and rhythmically exciting way. (From 1930s jive talk.)
cook: To play music vigorously.
cook: To proceed with some advantageous plan or course of action; to be successful.
cook: To make the noise of the cuckoo.
cook: To throw.
care: To be concerned (about), to have an interest (in); to feel concern (about).
care: To want, to desire; to like; to be inclined towards.
care: For it to matter to, or make any difference to.
care: (with for) To look after or look out for.
care: To mind; to object.
emit: To send out or give off.
emit: To come out, to be sent out or given off.
cake: Coat (something) with a crust of solid material.
cake: To form into a cake, or mass.
cake: Of blood or other liquid, to dry out and become hard.
lake: To present an offering.
lake: To leap, jump, exert oneself, play.
lake: Subject biological cells to repeated cycles of freezing and thawing until lysis.
lake: To make lake-red.
melt: To change (or to be changed) from a solid state to a liquid state, usually by a gradual heat.
melt: To dissolve, disperse, vanish.
melt: To soften, as by a warming or kindly influence; to relax; to render gentle or susceptible to mild influences; sometimes, in a bad sense, to take away the firmness of; to weaken.
melt: To be discouraged.
melt: To be emotionally softened or touched.
melt: To be very hot and sweat profusely.
stab: To pierce or to wound (somebody) with a (usually pointed) tool or weapon, especially a knife or dagger.
stab: To thrust in a stabbing motion.
stab: To recklessly hit with the tip of a (usually pointed) object, such as a weapon or finger (often used with at).
stab: To cause a sharp, painful sensation (often used with at).
stab: To injure secretly or by malicious falsehood or slander.
stab: To roughen a brick wall with a pick so as to hold plaster.
stab: To pierce folded sheets, near their back edges, for the passage of thread or wire.
loss: Alternative spelling of lost
pawn: To pledge; to stake or wager.
pawn: To give as security on a loan of money; especially, to deposit (something) at a pawn shop.
pawn: Alternative form of pwn
door: To cause a collision by opening the door of a vehicle in front of an oncoming cyclist or pedestrian.
iron: To pass an iron over (clothing or some other item made of cloth) in order to remove creases.
iron: To engage in such pressing of clothing.
iron: To shackle with irons; to fetter or handcuff.
iron: To furnish, clad, or arm with iron.
join: To connect or combine into one; to put together.
join: To come together; to meet.
join: To enter into association or alliance, to unite in a common purpose.
join: To come into the company of.
join: To become a member of.
join: To produce an intersection of data in two or more database tables.
join: To unite in marriage.
join: To enjoin upon; to command.
join: To accept, or engage in, as a contest.
spit: To impale on a spit; to pierce with a sharp object.
spit: To use a spit to cook; to attend to food that is cooking on a spit.
spit: To evacuate (saliva or another substance) from the mouth, etc.
spit: To emit or expel in a manner similar to evacuating saliva from the mouth.
spit: To rain or snow slightly.
spit: To utter (something) violently.
spit: To make a spitting sound, like an angry cat.
spit: To rap, to utter.
spit: (in the form spitting) To spit facts; to tell the truth.
spit: To dig (something) using a spade; also, to turn (the soil) using a plough.
spit: To plant (something) using a spade.
spit: To dig, to spade.
tail: To follow and observe surreptitiously.
tail: To hold by the end; said of a timber when it rests upon a wall or other support; with in or into
tail: To swing with the stern in a certain direction; said of a vessel at anchor.
tail: To follow or hang to, like a tail; to be attached closely to, as that which can not be evaded.
tail: To pull or draw by the tail.
show: To display, to have somebody see (something).
show: To bestow; to confer.
show: To indicate (a fact) to be true; to demonstrate.
show: To guide or escort.
show: To be visible; to be seen; to appear.
show: To put in an appearance; show up.
show: To have an enlarged belly and thus be recognizable as pregnant.
show: To finish third, especially of horses or dogs.
show: To reveal one's hand of cards.
show: To have a certain appearance, such as well or ill, fit or unfit; to become or suit; to appear.
hilt: To provide with a hilt.
hilt: To insert (a bodily extremity) as far as it can go into a sexual orifice so that it is impeded by the wider base to which it is attached (finger until palm, penis until pelvis).
dull: To render dull; to remove or blunt an edge or something that was sharp.
dull: To soften, moderate or blunt; to make dull, stupid, or sluggish; to stupefy.
dull: To lose a sharp edge; to become dull.
dull: To render dim or obscure; to sully; to tarnish.
suck: To use the mouth and lips to pull in (a liquid, especially milk from the breast).
suck: To perform such an action; to feed from a breast or teat.
suck: To put the mouth or lips to (a breast, a mother etc.) to draw in milk.
suck: To extract, draw in (a substance) from or out of something.
suck: To inhale (air), to draw (breath).
suck: To work the lips and tongue on (an object) to extract moisture or nourishment; to absorb (something) in the mouth.
suck: To pull (something) in a given direction, especially without direct contact.
suck: To perform fellatio.
suck: To be inferior or objectionable: a general term of disparagement, sometimes used with at to indicate a particular area of deficiency.
ball: To form or wind into a ball.
ball: To heat in a furnace and form into balls for rolling.
ball: To have sexual intercourse with.
ball: To gather balls which cling to the feet, as of damp snow or clay; to gather into balls.
ball: To be hip or cool.
ball: To reject from a fraternity or sorority. (Short for blackball.)
ball: To play basketball.
ball: To punish by affixing a ball and chain.
dark: To grow or become dark, darken.
dark: To remain in the dark, lurk, lie hidden or concealed.
dark: To make dark, darken; to obscure.
duke: To hit or beat with the fists.
duke: To give cash to; to give a tip to.
dust: To remove dust from.
dust: To remove dust; to clean by removing dust.
dust: Of a bird, to cover itself in sand or dry, dusty earth.
dust: To spray or cover something with fine powder or liquid.
dust: To leave; to rush off.
dust: To reduce to a fine powder; to levigate.
dust: To kill.
dust: To attempt to identify the owner of (a cryptocurrency wallet) by sending tiny amounts of cryptocurrency.
seep: To ooze or pass slowly through pores or other small openings, and in overly small quantities; said of liquids, etc.
seep: To enter or penetrate slowly; to spread or diffuse.
seep: To diminish or wane away slowly.
seep: (of a crack etc.) To allow a liquid to pass through, to leak.
imp.: Abbreviation of implement.
whip: To hit with a whip.
whip: To hit with any flexible object.
whip: To defeat, as in a contest or game.
whip: To mix in a rapid aerating fashion, especially food.
whip: To urge into action or obedience.
whip: To enforce a member voting in accordance with party policy.
whip: To bind the end of a rope with twine or other small stuff to prevent its unlaying: fraying or unravelling.
whip: To hoist or purchase by means of a whip.
whip: To sew lightly; specifically, to form (a fabric) into gathers by loosely overcasting the rolled edge and drawing up the thread.
whip: To throw or kick an object at a high velocity.
whip: To fish a body of water especially by making repeated casts.
whip: To snap back and forth like a whip.
whip: To move very fast.
whip: To move (something) very fast; often with up, out, etc.
whip: To transfer momentum from one skater to another.
whip: To lash with sarcasm, abuse, etc.
whip: To thrash; to beat out, as grain, by striking.
flow: To move as a fluid from one position to another.
flow: To proceed; to issue forth.
flow: To move or match smoothly, gracefully, or continuously.
flow: To have or be in abundance; to abound, so as to run or flow over.
flow: To hang loosely and wave.
flow: To rise, as the tide; opposed to ebb.
flow: To arrange (text in a wordprocessor, etc.) so that it wraps neatly into a designated space; to reflow.
flow: To allow (a liquid) to flow.
flow: To cover with water or other liquid; to overflow; to inundate; to flood.
flow: To cover with varnish.
flow: To discharge excessive blood from the uterus.
near: To come closer to; to approach.
gyre: To spin around; to gyrate, to whirl.
gyre: To make (something) spin or whirl around; to spin, to whirl.
pull: To apply a force to (an object) so that it comes toward the person or thing applying the force.
pull: To gather with the hand, or by drawing toward oneself; to pluck.
pull: To attract or net; to pull in.
pull: To persuade (someone) to have sex with one: to be 'on the pull' - looking for a sexual partner.
pull: To remove (something), especially from public circulation or availability.
pull: To retrieve or generate for use.
pull: To obtain (a permit) from a regulatory authority.
pull: To do or perform, especially something seen as negative by the speaker.
pull: To copy or emulate the actions or behaviour that is associated with the person or thing mentioned.
pull: To toss a frisbee with the intention of launching the disc across the length of a field.
pull: To row.
pull: To achieve by rowing on a rowing machine.
pull: To draw apart; to tear; to rend.
pull: To strain (a muscle, tendon, ligament, etc.).
pull: To draw (a hostile non-player character) into combat, or toward or away from some location or target.
pull: To score a certain number of points in a sport.
pull: To hold back, and so prevent from winning.
pull: To take or make (a proof or impression); so called because hand presses were worked by pulling a lever.
pull: To strike the ball in a particular manner. (See noun sense.)
pull: To draw beer from a pump, keg, or other source.
pull: To take a swig or mouthful of drink.
pull: To pull out from a yard or station; to leave.
pull: To pluck or pick (flowers, fruit etc.).
pull: To repeatedly stretch taffy in order to achieve the desired stretchy texture.
pull: To get the latest version of a project's source code
pull: In practice fighting, to reduce the strength of a blow (etymology 3) so as to avoid injuring one's practice partner.
push: To apply a force to (an object) such that it moves away from the person or thing applying the force.
push: To continually attempt to persuade (a person) into a particular course of action.
push: To press or urge forward; to drive.
push: To continually promote (a point of view, a product for sale, etc.).
push: To continually exert oneself in order to achieve a goal.
push: To approach; to come close to.
push: To tense the muscles in the abdomen in order to give birth or defecate.
push: To continue to attempt to persuade a person into a particular course of action.
push: To make a higher bid at an auction.
push: To make an all-in bet.
push: To move (a pawn) directly forward.
push: To add (a data item) to the top of a stack.
push: To publish (an update, etc.) by transmitting it to other computers.
push: To thrust the points of the horns against; to gore.
push: To burst out of its pot, as a bud or shoot.
push: To strike the cue ball in such a way that it stays in contact with the cue and object ball at the same time (a foul shot).
colt: To horse; to get with young.
colt: To befool.
colt: To frisk or frolic like a colt; to act licentiously or wantonly.
vein: To mark with veins or a vein-like pattern.
gull: To deceive or cheat.
gull: To mislead.
gull: To trick and defraud.
foal: To give birth to (a foal); to bear offspring.
true: To straighten (of something that is supposed to be straight).
true: To make even, level, symmetrical, or accurate, align; adjust.
flat: To make a flat call; to call without raising.
flat: To become flat or flattened; to sink or fall to an even surface.
flat: To fall from the pitch.
flat: To depress in tone, as a musical note; especially, to lower in pitch by half a tone.
flat: To make flat; to flatten; to level.
flat: To render dull, insipid, or spiritless; to depress.
flat: To beat or strike; pound
flat: To dash or throw
flat: To dash, rush
snow: To have snow fall from the sky.
snow: To hoodwink someone, especially by presenting confusing information.
snow: To bluff in draw poker by refusing to draw any cards.
high: To rise.
high: Alternative form of hie (“to hasten”)
sand: To abrade the surface of (something) with sand or sandpaper in order to smooth or clean it.
sand: To cover with sand.
sand: To blot ink using sand.
dead: To prevent by disabling; to stop.
dead: To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigour.
dead: To kill.
teen: To excite; to provoke; to vex; to afflict; to injure.
teen: To become angry or distressed.
teen: To close, to shut; to enclose, to hedge or fence in.
fear: To be afraid of (something or someone); to consider or expect (something or someone) with alarm.
fear: To feel fear.
fear: To worry about, to feel concern for, to be afraid for.
fear: To venerate; to feel awe towards.
fear: To regret.
fear: To cause fear to; to frighten.
fear: To be anxious or solicitous for.
fear: To suspect; to doubt.
life: To replace components whose operational lifetime has expired.
abye: Alternative form of aby
seem: To appear; to look outwardly; to be perceived as.
seem: To befit; to beseem.
lift: To raise or rise.
lift: To steal.
lift: To source directly without acknowledgement; to plagiarise.
lift: To arrest (a person).
lift: To remove (a ban, restriction, etc.).
lift: To alleviate, to lighten (pressure, tension, stress, etc.)
lift: to cause to move upwards.
lift: To lift weights; to weight-lift.
lift: To try to raise something; to exert the strength for raising or bearing.
lift: To elevate or improve in rank, condition, etc.; often with up.
lift: To bear; to support.
lift: To collect, as moneys due; to raise.
lift: To transform (a function) into a corresponding function in a different context.
lift: To buy a security or other asset previously offered for sale.
lift: To take (hounds) off the existing scent and move them to another spot.
lift: Given morphisms f and g with the same target: To produce a morphism which the given morphism factors through (i.e. a morphism h such that f=g∘h; c.f. lift n.18)
full: To become full or wholly illuminated.
full: To baptise.
full: To make cloth denser and firmer by soaking, beating and pressing; to waulk or walk.
seam: To put together with a seam.
seam: To make the appearance of a seam in, as in knitting a stocking; hence, to knit with a certain stitch, like that in such knitting.
seam: To mark with a seam or line; to scar.
seam: To crack open along a seam.
seam: Of the ball, to move sideways after bouncing on the seam.
seam: Of a bowler, to make the ball move thus.
teek: To use telekinesis on; to move (something) with the power of one's mind.
brew: To make tea or coffee by mixing tea leaves or coffee beans with hot water.
brew: To heat wine, infusing it with spices; to mull.
brew: To make a hot soup by combining ingredients and boiling them in water.
brew: To make beer by steeping a starch source in water and fermenting the resulting sweet liquid with yeast.
brew: To foment or prepare, as by brewing
brew: To attend to the business, or go through the processes, of brewing or making beer.
brew: To be in a state of preparation; to be mixing, forming, or gathering.
brew: To boil or seethe; to cook.
rate: To assign or be assigned a particular rank or level.
rate: To evaluate or estimate the value of.
rate: To consider or regard.
rate: To deserve; to be worth.
rate: To determine the limits of safe functioning for a machine or electrical device.
rate: To evaluate a property's value for the purposes of local taxation.
rate: To like; to think highly of.
rate: To have position (in a certain class).
rate: To have value or standing.
rate: To ratify.
rate: To ascertain the exact rate of the gain or loss of (a chronometer) as compared with true time.
rate: To berate, scold.
vote: To cast a vote; to assert a formalized choice in an election.
vote: To choose or grant by means of a vote, or by general consent.
base: To give as its foundation or starting point; to lay the foundation of.
base: To be located (at a particular place).
base: To act as a base; to be the person supporting the flyer.
base: To freebase.
list: To create or recite a list.
list: To place in listings.
list: To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colours, or to form a border.
list: To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on; to stripe as if with list.
list: To plough and plant with a lister.
list: To prepare (land) for a cotton crop by making alternating beds and alleys with a hoe.
list: To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of.
list: To enclose (a field, etc.) for combat.
list: To engage a soldier, etc.; to enlist.
list: To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist.
list: To give a building of architectural or historical interest listed status; see also the adjective listed.
list: To listen.
list: To listen to.
list: To desire, like, or wish (to do something).
list: To be pleasing to.
list: To cause (something) to tilt to one side.
list: To tilt to one side.
wind: To blow air through a wind instrument or horn to make a sound.
wind: To cause (someone) to become breathless, as by a blow to the abdomen, or by physical exertion, running, etc.
wind: To cause a baby to bring up wind by patting its back after being fed.
wind: To turn a boat or ship around, so that the wind strikes it on the opposite side.
wind: To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate.
wind: To perceive or follow by scent.
wind: To rest (a horse, etc.) in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe.
wind: To turn a windmill so that its sails face into the wind.
wind: To turn coils of (a cord or something similar) around something.
wind: To tighten the spring of a clockwork mechanism such as that of a clock.
wind: To entwist; to enfold; to encircle.
wind: To travel in a way that is not straight.
wind: To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter at will; to regulate; to govern.
wind: To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate.
wind: To cover or surround with something coiled about.
wind: To cause to move by exerting a winding force; to haul or hoist, as by a winch.
wind: To turn (a ship) around, end for end.
mock: To mimic, to simulate.
mock: To create an artistic representation of.
mock: To make fun of, especially by mimicking; to taunt.
mock: To tantalise, and disappoint the hopes of.
mock: To create a mockup or prototype of.
ROFL: Initialism of roll on the floor, laughing; to experience great amusement at something.
live: To be alive; to have life.
live: To have permanent residence somewhere, to inhabit, to reside.
live: To have permanent residence somewhere, to inhabit, to reside.
live: (of an object) to have its proper place; to normally be stored.
live: To survive; to persevere; to continue.
live: To endure in memory; to escape oblivion.
live: To cope.
live: To pass life in a specified manner.
live: To spend, as one's life; to pass; to maintain; to continue in, constantly or habitually.
live: To act habitually in conformity with; to practice; to exemplify in one's way of life.
live: To live as; to live being.
live: To outlast danger; to float (said of a ship, boat, etc).
live: To maintain or support one's existence; to provide for oneself; to feed; to subsist.
live: To make the most of life; to experience a full, rich life.
plea: To plead; to argue.
hoop: To bind or fasten using a hoop.
hoop: To clasp; to encircle; to surround.
hoop: To play basketball.
hoop: To utter a loud cry, or a sound imitative of the word, by way of call or pursuit; to shout.
hoop: To whoop, as in whooping cough.
salt: To add salt to.
salt: To deposit salt as a saline solution.
salt: To fill with salt between the timbers and planks for the preservation of the timber.
salt: To insert or inject something into an object to give it properties it would not naturally have.
salt: To blast metal into (as a portion of a mine) in order to cause to appear to be a productive seam.
salt: To insert or inject something into an object to give it properties it would not naturally have.
salt: To add bogus evidence to an archaeological site.
salt: To insert or inject something into an object to give it properties it would not naturally have.
salt: To add certain chemical elements to (a nuclear or conventional weapon) so that it generates more radiation.
salt: To sprinkle throughout.
salt: To add filler bytes before encrypting, in order to make brute-force decryption more resource-intensive.
salt: To render a thing useless.
salt: To sow with salt (of land), symbolizing a curse on its re-inhabitation.
salt: To render a thing useless.
salt: To lock a page title so it cannot be created.
lash: To strike with a lash; to whip or scourge with a lash, or with something like one.
lash: To strike forcibly and quickly, as with a lash; to beat, or beat upon, with a motion like that of a lash.
lash: To throw out with a jerk or quickly.
lash: To scold; or to satirize; to censure with severity.
lash: To ply the whip; to strike.
lash: To strike vigorously; to let fly.
lash: To utter censure or sarcastic language.
lash: To fall heavily, especially in the phrase lash down.
lash: Used in phrasal verbs: lash back, lash out.
lash: To bind with a rope, cord, thong, or chain, so as to fasten.
gain: To acquire possession of.
gain: To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest, health, or happiness; to make progress.
gain: To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition.
gain: To increase.
gain: To be more likely to catch or overtake an individual.
gain: To reach.
gain: To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate.
gain: To put on weight.
gain: To run fast.
pour: To cause (liquid, or liquid-like substance) to flow in a stream, either out of a container or into it.
pour: To send out as in a stream or a flood; to cause (an emotion) to come out; to cause to escape.
pour: To send forth from, as in a stream; to discharge uninterruptedly.
pour: To flow, pass or issue in a stream; to fall continuously and abundantly.
pour: To rain hard.
pour: Of a beverage, to be on tap or otherwise available for serving to customers.
pour: To move in a throng, as a crowd.
pour: Misspelling of pore.
stir: To disturb the relative position of the particles of (a liquid or similar) by passing an object through it.
stir: To disturb the content of (a container) by passing an object through it.
stir: To incite to action.
stir: To bring into debate; to agitate.
stir: To disturb, to disrupt.
stir: To change the place of in any manner; to move.
stir: To begin to move, especially gently, from a still or unmoving position.
stir: Of a feeling or emotion: to rise, begin to be felt.
stir: To be in motion; to be active or bustling; to exert or busy oneself.
stir: To rise from sleep or unconsciousness.
long: To take a long position in.
long: To await, aspire, desire greatly (something to occur or to be true).
long: To be appropriate to, to pertain or belong to.
long: To belong.
loan: To lend (something) to (someone).
bass: To sound in a deep tone.
tuft: To provide or decorate with a tuft or tufts.
tuft: To form into tufts.
tuft: To secure and strengthen (a mattress, quilt, etc.) with tufts. This hinders the stuffing from moving.
tuft: To be formed into tufts.
play: To act in a manner such that one has fun; to engage in activities expressly for the purpose of recreation or entertainment.
play: To perform in (a sport); to participate in (a game).
play: To compete against, in a game.
play: To perform in (a sport); to participate in (a game).
play: (in the scoring of games and sports) To be the opposing score to.
play: To perform in (a sport); to participate in (a game).
play: To take part in amorous activity; to make love.
play: To gamble.
play: To act as the indicated role, especially in a performance.
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To produce music.
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To produce music using a musical instrument.
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To produce music (or a specified song or musical style) using (a specified musical instrument).
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To use a device to watch or listen to the indicated recording.
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To be performed; (or of a film) to be shown.
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To perform in or at; to give performances in or at.
play: To produce music or theatre.
play: To act or perform (a play).
play: To behave in a particular way.
play: Contrary to fact, to give an appearance of being.
play: To behave in a particular way.
play: To act with levity or thoughtlessness; to trifle; to be careless.
play: To behave in a particular way.
play: To act; to behave; to practice deception.
play: To behave in a particular way.
play: To bring into sportive or wanton action; to exhibit in action; to execute.
play: To behave in a particular way.
play: To kid; to joke; say something for amusement.
play: To move in any manner; especially, to move regularly with alternate or reciprocating motion; to operate.
play: To move to and fro.
play: To put in action or motion.
play: To keep in play, as a hooked fish in order to land it.
play: To manipulate, deceive, or swindle someone.
peer: To look with difficulty, or as if searching for something.
peer: To come in sight; to appear.
peer: To make equal in rank.
peer: To carry communications traffic terminating on one's own network on an equivalency basis to and from another network, usually without charge or payment. Contrast with transit where one pays another network provider to carry one's traffic.
dump: To release, especially in large quantities and chaotic manner.
dump: To discard; to get rid of something one no longer wants.
dump: To sell below cost or very cheaply; to engage in dumping.
dump: To copy (data) from a system to another place or system, usually in order to archive it.
dump: To output the contents of storage or a data structure, often in order to diagnose a bug.
dump: To end a romantic relationship with.
dump: To knock heavily; to stump.
dump: To put or throw down with more or less of violence; hence, to unload from a cart by tilting it
dump: To precipitate (especially snow) heavily.
dump: Of a surf wave, to crash a swimmer, surfer, etc., heavily downwards.
suit: To make proper or suitable; to adapt or fit.
suit: To be suitable or apt for one's image.
suit: To be appropriate or apt for.
suit: To dress; to clothe.
suit: To please; to make content; to fit one's taste.
suit: To agree; to be fitted; to correspond (usually followed by to, archaically also followed by with)
mase: To act as a maser; to emit or subject to maser radiation.
band: To fasten with a band.
band: To fasten an identifying band around the leg of (a bird).
band: To group together for a common purpose; to confederate.
band: To group (students) together by perceived ability; to stream.
band: simple past and past participle of bind
band: Obsolete form of bandy.
want: To wish for or desire (something); to feel a need or desire for; to crave or demand.
want: To wish for or desire (something); to feel a need or desire for; to crave or demand.
want: To make it easy or tempting to do something undesirable, or to make it hard or challenging to refrain from doing it.
want: To wish, desire, or demand to see, have the presence of or do business with.
want: To desire (to experience desire); to wish.
want: To be advised to do something (compare should, ought).
want: To lack and be in need of or require (something, such as a noun or verbal noun).
want: To have occasion for (something requisite or useful); to require or need.
want: To be lacking or deficient or absent.
want: To be in a state of destitution; to be needy; to lack.
want: To lack and be without, to not have (something).
want: To lack and perhaps be able or willing to do without.
want: To desire a romantic, especially sexual, relationship with someone; to lust for.
wire: To fasten with wire, especially with reference to wine bottles, corks, or fencing.
wire: To string on a wire.
wire: To equip with wires for use with electricity.
wire: To connect, embed, incorporate, or include (something) into (something else) by or as if by wires:
wire: To add (something) into a system (especially an electrical system) by means of wiring.
wire: To connect, embed, incorporate, or include (something) into (something else) by or as if by wires:
wire: To add or connect (something) into a system as if with wires (for example, with nerves).
wire: To connect, embed, incorporate, or include (something) into (something else) by or as if by wires:
wire: To connect, involve or embed (something) deeply or intimately into (something else, such as an organization or political scene), so that it is plugged in (to that thing) (“keeping up with current information about (the thing)”) or has insinuated itself into (the thing).
wire: To set or predetermine (someone's personality or behaviour, or an organization's culture) in a particular way.
wire: To send a message or monetary funds to another person through a telecommunications system, formerly predominantly by telegraph.
wire: To make someone tense or psyched up. See also adjective wired.
wire: To install eavesdropping equipment.
wire: To snare by means of a wire or wires.
wire: To place (a ball) so that the wire of a wicket prevents a successful shot.
stop: To cease moving.
stop: Not to continue.
stop: To cause (something) to cease moving or progressing.
stop: To cease; to no longer continue (doing something).
stop: To cause (something) to come to an end.
stop: To end someone else's activity.
stop: To close or block an opening.
stop: To adjust the aperture of a camera lens.
stop: To stay; to spend a short time; to reside or tarry temporarily.
stop: To regulate the sounds of (musical strings, etc.) by pressing them against the fingerboard with the finger, or otherwise shortening the vibrating part.
stop: To punctuate.
stop: To make fast; to stopper.
stop: To pronounce (a phoneme) as a stop.
stop: To delay the purchase or sale of (a stock) while agreeing the price for later.
sofa: To furnish with one or more sofas.
sofa: To seat or lay down on a sofa.
mash: To convert into a mash; to reduce to a soft pulpy state by beating or pressure
mash: In brewing, to convert (for example malt, or malt and meal) into the mash which makes wort.
mash: To press down hard (on).
mash: To press.
mash: To prepare a cup of tea in a teapot; to brew (tea).
mash: To act violently.
mash: To press (a button) rapidly and repeatedly.
mash: To flirt, to make eyes, to make romantic advances.
poor: Synonym of impoverish, to make poor.
poor: To become poor.
poor: To call poor.
home: To return to its owner.
home: To seek or aim for something.
pass: To change place.
pass: To move or be moved from one place to another.
pass: To change place.
pass: To go past, by, over, or through; to proceed from one side to the other of; to move past.
pass: To change place.
pass: To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person, place, or condition to another.
pass: To change place.
pass: To eliminate (something) from the body by natural processes.
pass: To change place.
pass: To take a turn with (a line, gasket, etc.), as around a sail in furling, and make secure.
pass: To change place.
pass: To make various kinds of movement.
pass: To kick (the ball) with precision rather than at full force.
pass: To change place.
pass: To make various kinds of movement.
pass: To move (the ball or puck) to a teammate.
pass: To change place.
pass: To make various kinds of movement.
pass: To make a lunge or swipe.
pass: To change place.
pass: To make various kinds of movement.
pass: To throw the ball, generally downfield, towards a teammate.
pass: To change place.
pass: To go from one person to another.
pass: To change place.
pass: To put in circulation; to give currency to.
pass: To change place.
pass: To cause to obtain entrance, admission, or conveyance.
pass: To change place.
pass: To put through a sieve.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To progress from one state to another; to advance.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To depart, to cease, to come to an end.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To die.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To achieve a successful outcome from.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to become valid or effective; to obtain the formal sanction of (a legislative body).
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To be conveyed or transferred by will, deed, or other instrument of conveyance.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal, examination, or action; specifically, to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To make a judgment on or upon a person or case.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To utter; to pronounce; to pledge.
pass: To change in state or status
pass: To change from one state to another (without the implication of progression).
pass: To move through time.
pass: To elapse, to be spent.
pass: To move through time.
pass: To spend.
pass: To move through time.
pass: To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.
pass: To move through time.
pass: To continue.
pass: To move through time.
pass: To proceed without hindrance or opposition.
pass: To move through time.
pass: To live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.
pass: To move through time.
pass: To happen.
pass: To be accepted.
pass: To be tolerated as a substitute for something else, to "do".
pass: To be accepted.
pass: To be accepted by others as a member of a race, sex, or other group to which one does not belong or would not have originally appeared to belong; especially to be considered white although one has black ancestry, or a woman although one was assigned male at birth or vice versa.
pass: To refrain from doing something.
pass: To decline something that is offered or available.
pass: To refrain from doing something.
pass: To reject; to pass up.
pass: To refrain from doing something.
pass: To decline or not attempt to answer a question.
pass: To refrain from doing something.
pass: In turn-based games, to decline to play in one's turn.
pass: To refrain from doing something.
pass: In euchre, to decline to make the trump.
pass: To do or be better.
pass: To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.
pass: To do or be better.
pass: To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.
pass: To take heed, to have an interest, to care.
note: To notice with care; to observe; to remark; to heed.
note: To record in writing; to make a memorandum of.
note: To denote; to designate.
note: To annotate.
note: To set down in musical characters.
note: To record on the back of (a bill, draft, etc.) a refusal of acceptance, as the ground of a protest, which is done officially by a notary.
yous: Third-person singular simple present indicative form of you.
dank: To moisten, dampen; used of mist, dew etc.
mask: To cover (the face or something else), in order to conceal the identity or protect against injury; to cover with a mask or visor.
mask: To disguise as something else.
mask: To conceal from view or knowledge; to cover; to hide.
mask: To conceal; also, to intervene in the line of.
mask: To cover or keep in check.
mask: To take part as a masker in a masquerade.
mask: To wear a mask.
mask: To disguise oneself, to be disguised in any way.
mask: To conceal or disguise one's autism.
mask: to cover or shield a part of a design or picture in order to prevent reproduction or to safeguard the surface from the colors used when working with an air brush or painting
mask: To set or unset (certain bits, or binary digits, within a value) by means of a bitmask.
mask: To disable (an interrupt, etc.) by setting or unsetting the associated bit.
mask: To mash.
mask: (brewing) To mix malt with hot water to yield wort.
mask: To be infused or steeped.
mask: To prepare tea in a teapot; alternative to brew.
mask: To bewilder; confuse.
mark: To put a mark on (something); to make (something) recognizable by a mark; to label or write on (something).
mark: To leave a mark (often an undesirable or unwanted one) on (something).
mark: To have a long-lasting negative impact on (someone or something).
mark: To create an indication of (a location).
mark: To be an indication of (something); to show where (something) is located.
mark: To indicate (something) in writing or by other symbols.
mark: To create (a mark) on a surface.
mark: To celebrate or acknowledge (an event) through an action of some kind.
mark: To identify (someone as a particular type of person or as having a particular role).
mark: To assign (someone) to a particular category or class.
mark: To choose or intend (someone) for a particular end or purpose.
mark: To be a point in time or space at which something takes place; to accompany or be accompanied by (an event, action, etc.); to coincide with.
mark: To be typical or characteristic of (something).
mark: To distinguish (one person or thing from another).
mark: To focus one's attention on (something or someone); to pay attention to, to take note of.
mark: To become aware of (something) through the physical senses.
mark: To hold (someone) in one's line of sight.
mark: To indicate the correctness of and give a score to (a school assignment, exam answers, etc.).
mark: To record that (someone) has a particular status.
mark: To keep account of; to enumerate and register; to keep score.
mark: To follow a player not in possession of the ball when defending, to prevent them receiving a pass easily.
mark: To catch the ball directly from a kick of 15 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick.
mark: To put a marker in the place of one's ball.
mark: To sing softly, sometimes an octave lower than usual, in order to protect one's voice during a rehearsal.
mark: Alternative form of march.
pipe: To play (music) on a pipe instrument, such as a bagpipe or a flute.
pipe: To shout loudly and at high pitch.
pipe: To emit or have a shrill sound like that of a pipe; to whistle.
pipe: Of a queen bee: to make a high-pitched sound during certain stages of development.
pipe: Of a metal ingot: to become hollow in the process of solidifying.
pipe: To convey or transport (something) by means of pipes.
pipe: To install or configure with pipes.
pipe: To dab moisture away from.
pipe: To lead or conduct as if by pipes, especially by wired transmission.
pipe: To directly feed (the output of one program) as input to another program, indicated by the pipe character ([[Unsupported titles/`vert`#Translingual||]]) at the command line.
pipe: To create or decorate with piping (icing).
pipe: To order or signal by a note pattern on a boatswain's pipe.
pipe: To have sex with a woman.
pipe: To see.
pipe: To invent or embellish (a story).
ring: To enclose or surround.
ring: To make an incision around; to girdle; to cut away a circular tract of bark from a tree in order to kill it.
ring: To attach a ring to, especially for identification.
ring: To surround or fit with a ring, or as if with a ring.
ring: To rise in the air spirally.
ring: To steal and change the identity of (cars) in order to resell them.
ring: To ride around (a group of animals, especially catle) to keep them milling in one place; hence (intransitive), to work as a drover, to muster cattle.
ring: Of a bell, etc., to produce a resonant sound.
ring: To make (a bell, etc.) produce a resonant sound.
ring: To produce (a sound) by ringing.
ring: To produce the sound of a bell or a similar sound.
ring: Of something spoken or written, to appear to be, to seem, to sound.
ring: To telephone (someone).
ring: to resound, reverberate, echo.
ring: To produce music with bells.
ring: To ring up (enter into a cash register or till)
ring: To repeat often, loudly, or earnestly.
drag: To pull along a surface or through a medium, sometimes with difficulty.
drag: To move onward heavily, laboriously, or slowly; to advance with weary effort; to go on lingeringly.
drag: To act or proceed slowly or without enthusiasm; to be reluctant.
drag: To draw along (something burdensome); hence, to pass in pain or with difficulty.
drag: To serve as a clog or hindrance; to hold back.
drag: To operate a pointing device by moving it with a button held down; to move, copy, etc. (an item) in this way.
drag: To unintentionally rub or scrape on a surface.
drag: To hit or kick off target.
drag: To fish with a dragnet.
drag: To search for something, as a lost object or body, by dragging something along the bottom of a body of water.
drag: To break (land) by drawing a drag or harrow over it; to harrow.
drag: To search exhaustively, as if with a dragnet.
drag: To roast, say negative things about, or call attention to the flaws of (someone).
drag: To play at a slower tempo than one is supposed to or than the other musicians one is playing with, or to inadvertently gradually decrease tempo while one is playing.
drag: To perform as a drag queen or drag king.
peen: To shape metal by striking it, especially with a peen.
lies: third-person singular simple present indicative of lie
brat: To act in a bratty manner (as the submissive).
numb: To cause to become numb (physically or emotionally).
numb: To cause (a feeling) to be less intense.
numb: To cause (the mind, faculties, etc.) to be less acute.
numb: To become numb (especially physically).
edit: To change a text, or a document.
edit: To alter a photograph or recording of sound or video.
edit: To be the editor of a publication.
edit: To change the contents of a file, website, etc.
edit: To alter the DNA sequence of a chromosome; to perform gene splicing.
edit: To assemble a film by cutting and splicing raw footage.
edit: To cut short or otherwise alter an improvised scene.
edit: To lend itself to editing in a certain way.
size: To adjust the size of; to make a certain size.
size: To classify or arrange by size.
size: To take the height of men, in order to place them in the ranks according to their stature.
size: To classify or arrange by size.
size: To sift (pieces of ore or metal) in order to separate the finer from the coarser parts.
size: To approximate the dimensions, estimate the size of.
size: To take a greater size; to increase in size.
size: To order food or drink from the buttery; hence, to enter a score, as upon the buttery book.
size: To swell; to increase the bulk of.
size: To apply glue or other primer to a surface which is to be painted.
boob: To behave stupidly; to act like a boob.
boob: To make a mistake.
game: To gamble.
game: To play card games, board games, or video games.
game: To exploit loopholes in a system or bureaucracy in a way which defeats or nullifies the spirit of the rules in effect, usually to obtain a result which otherwise would be unobtainable.
game: To perform premeditated seduction strategy.
view: To look at.
view: To regard in a stated way.
fast: To practice religious abstinence, especially from food.
fast: To reduce or limit one's nutrition intake for medical or health reasons, to diet.
fast: (academic) To cause a person or animal to abstain, especially from eating.
link: To connect two or more things.
link: To contain a hyperlink to another page.
link: To supply (somebody) with a hyperlink; to direct by means of a link.
link: To post a hyperlink to.
link: To demonstrate a correlation between two things.
link: To combine objects generated by a compiler into a single executable.
link: To meet with someone.
link: To skip or trip along smartly; to go quickly.
help: To provide assistance to (someone or something).
help: To assist (a person) in getting something, especially food or drink at table; used with to.
help: To contribute in some way to.
help: To provide assistance.
help: To avoid; to prevent; to refrain from; to restrain (oneself). Usually used in nonassertive contexts with can.
help: To do something on the behalf of someone.
file: To commit (official papers) to some office.
file: To submit (a story) to a newspaper or similar publication.
file: To place in an archive in a logical place and order.
file: To store a file (aggregation of data) on a storage medium such as a disc or another computer.
file: To submit a formal request to some office.
file: To set in order; to arrange, or lay away.
file: To move in a file.
file: To smooth, grind, or cut with a file.
file: To defile.
file: To corrupt.
kerf: To cut a piece of wood or other material with several kerfs to allow it to be bent.
oops: To make a mistake; to blunder.
damp: To dampen; to make moderately wet
damp: To put out, as fire; to weaken, restrain, or make dull.
damp: To suppress vibrations (mechanical) or oscillations (electrical) by converting energy to heat (or some other form of energy).
ruin: To cause the fiscal ruin of; to bankrupt or drive out of business.
ruin: To destroy or make something no longer usable.
ruin: To upset or overturn the plans or progress of, or to have a disastrous effect on something.
ruin: To make something less enjoyable or likeable.
ruin: To reveal the ending of (a story); to spoil.
ruin: To fall into a state of decay.
ruin: To seduce or debauch, and thus harm the social standing of.
mice: To be distracted or inattentive (possibly alluding to a cat being distracted by a mouse).
rein: To direct or stop a horse by using reins.
rein: To restrain; to control; to check.
rein: To obey directions given with the reins.
ouch: To exclaim "ouch"
host: To perform the role of a host.
host: To lodge at an inn.
host: To run software made available to a remote user or process.
bath: To wash a person or animal in a bath.
bath: To bathe (oneself); to have a bath.
kick: To strike or hit with the foot or other extremity of the leg.
kick: To make a sharp jerking movement of the leg, as to strike something.
kick: To direct to a particular place by a blow with the foot or leg.
kick: To eject summarily.
kick: To forcibly remove a participant from an online activity.
kick: To overcome (a bothersome or difficult issue or obstacle); to free oneself of (a problem).
kick: To move or push suddenly and violently.
kick: To recoil; to push by recoiling.
kick: To attack (a piece) in order to force it to move.
kick: To accelerate quickly with a few pedal strokes in an effort to break away from other riders.
kick: To show opposition or resistance.
kick: To work a press by impact of the foot on a treadle.
kick: To reset (a watchdog timer).
kick: To reproach oneself for making a mistake or missing an opportunity.
kick: To die.
kick: To be emphatically excellent.
tare: To take into account the weight of the container, wrapping etc. in weighting merchandise.
tare: To set a zero value on an instrument (usually a balance) that discounts the starting point.
tare: simple past of tear
sept: simple past and past participle of seep
FOIL: To apply the FOIL algorithm to.
tack: To nail with a tack (small nail with a flat head).
tack: To sew/stitch with a tack (loose seam used to temporarily fasten pieces of cloth).
tack: To maneuver a sailing vessel so that its bow turns through the wind, i.e. the wind changes from one side of the vessel to the other.
tack: To add something as an extra item.
tack: Synonym of tack up (“to prepare a horse for riding by equipping it with a tack”).
tack: To join in wedlock.
wand: To scan (e.g. a passenger at an airport) with a handheld metal detector.
wand: To use a handheld vibrator (the sex toy) on (a person or body part).
ping: To make a high-pitched, short and somewhat sharp sound.
ping: To emit a signal and then listen for its echo in order to detect objects.
ping: To send a packet in order to determine whether a host is present, particularly by use of the ping utility.
ping: To send an email or other message to someone in hopes of eliciting a response.
ping: To flick.
ping: To bounce.
ping: To cause something to bounce.
ping: To call out audibly.
ping: To penalize.
cord: To furnish with cords
cord: To tie or fasten with cords
cord: To flatten a book during binding
cord: To arrange (wood, etc.) in a pile for measurement by the cord.
null: To nullify; to annul.
null: To return to the null position, setting, etc.
null: To form nulls, or into nulls, as in a lathe.
null: To crack; to remove restrictions or limitations in (software).
void: To make invalid or worthless.
void: To empty.
void: To throw or send out; to evacuate; to emit; to discharge.
void: To withdraw, depart.
void: To remove the contents of; to make or leave vacant or empty; to quit; to leave.
dame: To make a dame.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To request, summon, or beckon.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To cry or shout.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To utter in a loud or distinct voice.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To contact by telephone.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To declare in advance.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To rouse from sleep; to awaken.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To declare (an effort or project) to be a failure.
call: To use one's voice.
call: To request that one's band play (a particular tune).
call: To visit.
call: To pay a (social) visit (often used with "on", "round", or "at"; used by salespeople with "again" to invite customers to come again).
call: To visit.
call: To stop at a station or port.
call: To visit.
call: To come to pass; to afflict.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: To name or refer to.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: Of a person, to have as one's name; of a thing, to have as its name.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: To predict.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: To state, or estimate, approximately or loosely; to characterize without strict regard to fact.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: To formally recognise a death: especially to announce and record the time, place and fact of a person’s death.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: To claim the existence of some malfeasance; to denounce as.
call: To name, identify or describe.
call: To disclose the class or character of; to identify.
call: Direct or indirect use of the voice.
call: (of a batsman): To shout directions to the other batsman on whether or not they should take a run.
call: Direct or indirect use of the voice.
call: (of a fielder): To shout to other fielders that he intends to take a catch (thus avoiding collisions).
call: Direct or indirect use of the voice.
call: To equal the same amount that other players are currently betting.
call: Direct or indirect use of the voice.
call: To match the current bet amount, in preparation for a raise in the same turn. (Usually, players are forbidden to announce one's play this way.)
call: Direct or indirect use of the voice.
call: To state, or invoke a rule, in many games such as bridge, craps, jacks, and so on.
call: To require, demand.
call: To cause to be verbally subjected to.
call: To lay claim to an object or role which is up for grabs.
call: To announce the early extinction of a debt by prepayment, usually at a premium.
call: To demand repayment of a loan.
call: To jump to (another part of a program) to perform some operation, returning to the original point on completion.
call: To scold.
call: To make a decision as a referee or umpire.
call: To tell in advance which shot one is attempting.
coke: To produce coke from coal.
coke: To turn into coke.
coke: To add deleterious carbon deposits as a byproduct of combustion.
munt: To vomit (usually while drunk).
moth: To hunt for moths.
tank: To fail or fall (often used in describing the economy or the stock market); to degenerate or decline rapidly; to plummet.
tank: To attract the attacks of an enemy target in cooperative team-based combat, so that one's teammates can defeat the enemy in question more efficiently.
tank: To put (fuel, etc.) into a tank.
tank: To deliberately lose a sports match with the intent of gaining a perceived future competitive advantage.
tank: To resist damage; to be attacked without being hurt.
tank: To contemplate a decision for a long time; to go in the tank.
tank: to put or keep in a tank
tank: To stand; to tolerate.
bike: To ride a bike.
bike: To travel by bike.
bike: To transport by bicycle.
mike: To microphone; to place one or more microphones (mikes) on.
mike: To measure using a micrometer.
stud: To set with studs; to furnish with studs.
stud: To decorate as a stud does.
stud: To be scattered over the surface of (something) at intervals.
stud: To set (something) over a surface at intervals.
beta: To preliminarily release computer software for initial testing prior to final release.
beta: To beta-read a text.
mint: To reproduce (coins), usually en masse, under licence.
mint: To invent; to forge; to fabricate; to fashion.
mint: To create a crypto token.
mint: To try, attempt; take aim.
mint: To try, attempt, endeavor; to take aim at; to try to hit; to purpose.
mint: To hint; suggest; insinuate.
nick: To make a nick or notch in; to cut or scratch in a minor way.
nick: To make ragged or uneven, as by cutting nicks or notches in; to deface, to mar.
nick: To make a nick or notch in; to cut or scratch in a minor way.
nick: To make a crosscut or cuts on the underside of (the tail of a horse, in order to make the animal carry it higher).
nick: To make a nick or notch in; to cut or scratch in a minor way.
nick: To fit into or suit, as by a correspondence of nicks; to tally with.
nick: To hit at, or in, the nick; to touch rightly; to strike at the precise point or time.
nick: To fit into or suit, as by a correspondence of nicks; to tally with.
nick: To hit the ball with the edge of the bat and produce a fine deflection.
nick: To fit into or suit, as by a correspondence of nicks; to tally with.
nick: To throw or turn up (a number when playing dice); to hit upon.
nick: To make a cut at the side of the face.
nick: To steal.
nick: To arrest.
nick: To give or call (someone) by a nickname; to style.
rook: To cheat or swindle.
rook: To squat; to ruck.
rook: Pronunciation spelling of look. (mimicking Asian speech)
grue: To be frightened; to shudder with fear.
fuel: To provide with fuel.
fuel: To exacerbate, to cause to grow or become greater.
dawn: To begin to brighten with daylight.
dawn: To start to appear or be realized.
dawn: To begin to give promise; to begin to appear or to expand.
test: To challenge.
test: To refine (gold, silver, etc.) in a test or cupel; to subject to cupellation.
test: To put to the proof; to prove the truth, genuineness, or quality of by experiment, or by some principle or standard; to try.
test: To administer or assign an examination, often given during the academic term, to (somebody).
test: To place a product or piece of equipment under everyday and/or extreme conditions and examine it for its durability, etc.
test: To be shown to be by test.
test: To examine or try, as by the use of some reagent.
test: To attest (a document) legally, and date it.
test: To make a testament, or will.
milk: To express milk from (a mammal, especially a cow).
milk: To draw (milk) from the breasts or udder.
milk: To secrete (milk) from the breasts or udder.
milk: To express a liquid from a creature.
milk: To make excessive use of (a particular point in speech or writing, a source of funds, etc.); to exploit; to take advantage of (something).
milk: To give off small gas bubbles during the final part of the charging operation.
milk: To single-mindedly masturbate a male to ejaculation, especially for the amusement or satisfaction of the masturbator rather than the person masturbated.
zinc: To electroplate with zinc.
zinc: To coat with sunblock incorporating zinc oxide.
gift: To give as a gift or donation.
gift: To give away, to concede easily.
echo: Of a sound or sound waves: to reflect off a surface and return; to reverberate or resound.
echo: Of a rumour, opinion, etc.: to spread or reverberate.
echo: To reflect back (a sound).
echo: To repeat (another's speech, opinion, etc.).
echo: To repeat its input as input to some other device or system.
echo: To give the echo signal, informing one's partner about cards one holds.
bach: To live apart from women, as during the period when a divorce is in progress.
line: To place (objects) into a line (usually used with "up"); to form into a line; to align.
line: To place persons or things along the side of for security or defense; to strengthen by adding; to fortify.
line: To form a line along.
line: To mark with a line or lines; to cover with lines.
line: To align (one or more switches) to direct a train onto a particular track.
line: To represent by lines; to delineate; to portray.
line: To read or repeat line by line.
line: To hit a line drive; to hit a line drive which is caught for an out. Compare fly and ground.
line: To track (wild bees) to their nest by following their line of flight.
line: To measure.
line: To cover the inner surface of (something), originally especially with linen.
line: To reinforce (the back of a book) with glue and glued scrap material such as fabric or paper.
line: To fill or supply (something), as a purse with money.
line: To copulate with, to impregnate.
pied: simple past and past participle of pi
pied: simple past and past participle of pie
buss: To kiss (either literally or figuratively).
buss: To kiss.
inch: To advance very slowly, or by a small amount (in a particular direction).
inch: To drive by inches, or small degrees.
inch: To deal out by inches; to give sparingly.
inch: to burn (to insult); to speak in a cocky and cheeky manner
dice: To play dice.
dice: To cut into small cubes.
dice: To ornament with squares, diamonds, or cubes.
envy: To feel displeasure or hatred towards (someone) for their good fortune or possessions.
envy: To resentfully or discontentedly desire (something someone else has that one lacks).
envy: To have envious feelings (at).
envy: To give (something) to (someone) grudgingly or reluctantly; to begrudge.
envy: To show malice or ill will; to rail.
envy: To do harm to; to injure; to disparage.
envy: To hate.
envy: To emulate.
gash: To make a deep, long cut; to slash.
flea: To remove fleas from (an animal).
flea: Obsolete spelling of flay
tile: To cover with tiles.
tile: To arrange in a regular pattern, with adjoining edges (applied to tile-like objects, graphics, windows in a computer interface).
tile: To optimize (a loop in program code) by means of the tiling technique.
tile: To seal a lodge against intrusions from unauthorised people.
tile: To protect from the intrusion of the uninitiated.
bash: To strike heavily.
bash: To collide; used with into or together.
bash: To criticize harshly.
bash: To abash (make ashamed)
sash: To adorn with a sash.
sash: To furnish with a sash.
muse: To become lost in thought, to ponder.
muse: To say (something) with due consideration or thought.
muse: To think on; to meditate on.
muse: To wonder at.
hash: To chop into small pieces, to make into a hash.
hash: To make a quick, rough version.
hash: To transform according to a hash function.
hash: To make a mess of (something); to ruin.
jibe: To reproach with contemptuous words; to deride, to mock, to taunt.
jibe: To say in a mocking or taunting manner.
jibe: To make a mocking remark or remarks; to jeer.
jibe: To accord or agree.
jibe: Alternative spelling of gybe
shop: To visit stores or shops to browse or explore merchandise, especially with the intention of buying such merchandise.
shop: To purchase products from (a range or catalogue, etc.).
shop: To report the criminal activities or whereabouts of someone to an authority.
shop: To imprison.
shop: To photoshop; to digitally edit a picture or photograph.
doom: To pronounce judgment or sentence on; to condemn.
doom: To destine; to fix irrevocably the ill fate of.
doom: To judge; to estimate or determine as a judge.
doom: To ordain as a penalty; hence, to mulct or fine.
doom: To assess a tax upon, by estimate or at discretion.
harp: To repeatedly mention a subject, especially so as to nag or complain.
harp: To play on (a harp or similar instrument).
harp: To play (a tune) on the harp.
harp: To develop or give expression to by skill and art; to sound forth as from a harp; to hit upon.
hook: To attach a hook to.
hook: To catch with a hook (hook a fish).
hook: To work yarn into a fabric using a hook; to crochet.
hook: To insert in a curved way reminiscent of a hook.
hook: To ensnare or obligate someone, as if with a hook.
hook: To steal.
hook: To connect (hook into, hook together).
hook: To make addicted; to captivate.
hook: To play a hook shot.
hook: To succeed in heeling the ball back out of a scrum (used particularly of the team's designated hooker).
hook: To engage in the illegal maneuver of hooking (i.e., using the hockey stick to trip or block another player)
hook: To swerve a ball; kick or throw a ball so it swerves or bends.
hook: To engage in prostitution.
hook: To play a word perpendicular to another word by adding a single letter to the existing word.
hook: To finesse.
hook: To seize or pierce with the points of the horns, as cattle in attacking enemies; to gore.
hook: To bend; to be curved.
hook: To move or go with a sudden turn.
fork: To divide into two or more branches or copies.
fork: To spawn a new child process by duplicating the existing process.
fork: To divide into two or more branches or copies.
fork: To launch a separate software development effort based upon a modified copy of an existing software project, especially in free and open-source software.
fork: To divide into two or more branches or copies.
fork: To create a copy of a distributed version control repository.
fork: To divide into two or more branches or copies.
fork: To move with a fork (as hay or food).
fork: To kick someone in the crotch.
fork: To shoot into blades, as corn does.
fork: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fork: To bale a shaft dry.
mast: To supply and fit a mast to (a ship).
mast: To feed on forest seed or fruit.
mast: To produce a very large quantity of fruit or seed in certain years but not others.
pure: to hit (the ball) completely cleanly and accurately
pure: To cleanse; to refine.
wash: To clean with water.
wash: To move or erode by the force of water in motion.
wash: To separate valuable material (such as gold) from worthless material by the action of flowing water.
wash: To clean oneself with water.
wash: To cover with water or any liquid; to wet; to fall on and moisten.
wash: To move with a lapping or swashing sound; to lap or splash.
wash: To be eroded or carried away by the action of water.
wash: To be cogent, convincing; to withstand critique.
wash: To bear without injury the operation of being washed.
wash: To be wasted or worn away by the action of water, as by a running or overflowing stream, or by the dashing of the sea; said of road, a beach, etc.
wash: To cover with a thin or watery coat of colour; to tint lightly and thinly.
wash: To overlay with a thin coat of metal.
wash: To cause dephosphorization of (molten pig iron) by adding substances containing iron oxide, and sometimes manganese oxide.
wash: To pass (a gas or gaseous mixture) through or over a liquid for the purpose of purifying it, especially by removing soluble constituents.
tool: To work on or shape with tools, e.g., hand-tooled leather.
tool: To equip with tools.
tool: To work very hard.
tool: To put down another person (possibly in a subtle, hidden way), and in that way to use him or her to meet a goal.
tool: To intentionally attack the ball so that it deflects off a blocker out of bounds.
tool: To drive (a coach or other vehicle).
tool: To carry or convey in a coach or other vehicle.
tool: To travel in a vehicle; to ride or drive.
rash: To forcefully move or push (someone or something) in a certain direction.
rash: To break (something) forcefully; to smash.
rash: To emit or issue (something) hastily.
rash: Usually followed by up: to prepare (something) with haste; to cobble together, to improvise.
rash: To move forcefully, hastily, or suddenly; to dash, to rush.
rash: Of rain: to fall heavily.
rash: Chiefly followed by against, at, or upon: to collide or hit.
rash: Chiefly followed by away, down, off, out, etc.: to pluck, pull, or rip (something) violently.
rash: To hack, slash, or slice (something).
rash: Chiefly followed by out: to scrape or scratch (something); to obliterate.
half: To halve.
cash: To exchange (a check/cheque) for money in the form of notes/bills.
cash: To obtain a payout from a tournament.
cash: To disband. To do away with, kill
will: Used to express the future tense, sometimes with some implication of volition when used in the first person. Compare shall.
will: To be able to, to have the capacity to.
will: Expressing a present tense with some conditional or subjective weakening: "will turn out to", "must by inference".
will: To habitually do (a given action).
will: To choose or agree to (do something); used to express intention but without any temporal connotations (+ bare infinitive), often in questions and negation.
will: To wish, desire (something).
will: To wish or desire (that something happen); to intend (that).
will: Implying will go.
will: To instruct (that something be done) in one's will.
will: To bequeath (something) to someone in one's will (legal document).
will: To exert one's force of will (intention) in order to compel, or attempt to compel, something to happen or someone to do something.
sole: to put a sole on (a shoe or boot)
sole: To pull by the ears; to pull about; haul; lug.
luff: To shake due to being trimmed improperly.
luff: To bring the ship's head up closer to the wind. (Alternatively luff up)
luff: to let out (a sail) so that it luffs.
luff: To alter the vertical angle of the jib of a crane so as to bring it level with the load.
bolt: To connect or assemble pieces using a bolt.
bolt: To secure a door by locking or barring it.
bolt: To flee, to depart, to accelerate suddenly.
bolt: To cause to start or spring forth; to dislodge (an animal being hunted).
bolt: To strike or fall suddenly like a bolt.
bolt: To escape.
bolt: To produce flower stalks and flowers or seeds quickly or prematurely; to form a bolt (stalk or scape); to go to seed.
bolt: To swallow food without chewing it.
bolt: To drink one's drink very quickly; to down a drink.
bolt: To refuse to support a nomination made by a party or caucus with which one has been connected; to break away from a party.
bolt: To utter precipitately; to blurt or throw out.
bolt: To sift, especially through a cloth.
bolt: To sift the bran and germ from wheat flour.
bolt: To separate, assort, refine, or purify by other means.
bolt: To discuss or argue privately, and for practice, as cases at law.
york: to bowl a yorker at a batsman, especially to get a batsman out in this way.
york: To vomit.
meal: To yield or be plentiful in meal.
meal: To defile or taint.
dash: To run quickly or for a short distance.
dash: To leave or depart.
dash: To destroy by striking (against).
dash: To throw violently.
dash: To sprinkle; to splatter.
dash: To mix, reduce, or adulterate, by throwing in something of an inferior quality.
dash: To ruin; to destroy.
dash: To dishearten; to sadden.
dash: To complete hastily.
dash: To draw or write quickly; jot.
dash: Damn (in forming oaths).
must: To do as a requirement; indicates that the sentence subject is required as an imperative or directive to execute the sentence predicate, with failure to do so resulting in a failure or negative consequence.
must: To do with certainty; indicates that the speaker is certain that the subject will have executed the predicate.
must: Used to indicate that something is very likely, probable, or certain to be true.
must: To make musty.
must: To become musty.
chop: To cut into pieces with short, vigorous cutting motions.
chop: To sever with an axe or similar implement.
chop: to give a downward cutting blow or movement, typically with the side of the hand.
chop: To hit the ball downward so that it takes a high bounce.
chop: To divide the pot (or tournament prize) between two or more players.
chop: To make a quick, heavy stroke or a series of strokes, with or as with an ax.
chop: To do something suddenly with an unexpected motion; to catch or attempt to seize.
chop: To interrupt; with in or out.
chop: To stab.
chop: To remove the final character from (a text string).
chop: To exchange, to barter; to swap.
chop: To chap or crack.
chop: To vary or shift suddenly.
chop: To twist words.
chop: To converse, discuss, or speak with another.
chop: To stamp or seal (a document); to mark, impress or otherwise place a design or symbol on paper or other material, usually, but not necessarily, to indicate authenticity.
chop: To seal a license or passport.
visa: To endorse (a passport, etc.).
bill: To dig, chop, etc., with a bill.
bill: to peck
bill: to stroke bill against bill, with reference to doves; to caress in fondness
bill: To advertise by a bill or public notice.
bill: To charge; to send a bill to.
bill: To roll up a marijuana cigarette.
kiss: To touch with the lips or press the lips against, usually to show love or affection or passion, or as part of a greeting.
kiss: To (cause to) touch lightly or slightly; to come into contact.
kiss: Of two or more people, to touch each other's lips together, usually to express love or affection or passion.
kiss: To treat with fondness.
ship: To send by water-borne transport.
ship: To send (a parcel or container) to a recipient (by any means of transport).
ship: To release a product (not necessarily physical) to vendors or customers; to launch.
ship: To engage to serve on board a vessel.
ship: To embark on a ship.
ship: To put or secure in its place.
ship: To take in (water) over the sides of a vessel.
ship: Leave, depart, scram.
ship: To pass (from one person to another).
ship: To go all in.
ship: To trade or send a player to another team.
ship: To bungle a kick and give the opposing team possession.
ship: To support or approve of a fictional romantic relationship between two characters, typically in fan fiction or other fandom contexts.
jest: To tell a joke; to talk in a playful manner; to make fun of something or someone.
well: To issue forth, as water from the earth; to flow; to spring.
well: To have something seep out of the surface.
gear: To provide with gearing; to fit with gears in order to achieve a desired gear ratio.
gear: To be in, or come into, gear.
gear: To dress; to put gear on; to harness.
gear: (usually with to or toward(s)) To design or devise (something) so as to be suitable (for a particular type of person or a particular purpose).
gear: To design or devise (something) so as to be suitable (for a particular type of person or a particular purpose).
gear: To borrow money in order to invest it in assets.
terp: To add such an essential oil to (a henna mix).
terp: To dance.
ford: To cross a stream using a ford.
rust: To oxidize, especially of iron or steel.
rust: To cause to oxidize.
rust: To be affected with the parasitic fungus called rust.
rust: To (cause to) degenerate in idleness; to make or become dull or impaired by inaction.
rust: Of a black cat or its fur, to turn rust-coloured following long periods of exposure to sunlight.
risk: To incur risk of (an unwanted or negative outcome).
risk: To incur risk of harming or jeopardizing.
risk: To incur risk as a result of (doing something).
clap: To strike the palms of the hands together, creating a sharp sound.
clap: To applaud.
clap: To slap with the hand in a jovial manner.
clap: To bring two surfaces together forcefully, creating a sharp sound.
clap: To slam (a door or window); formerly often construed with to.
clap: To create or assemble (something) hastily (usually followed by up or together).
clap: To set or put, usually in haste.
clap: To shoot (somebody) with a gun.
clap: To have sex, fornicate, copulate.
mail: To send (a letter, parcel, etc.) through the mail.
mail: To send by electronic mail.
mail: To contact (a person) by electronic mail.
mail: To arm with mail.
mail: To pinion.
pair: To group into one or more sets of two.
pair: to link two electronic devices wirelessly together, especially through a protocol such as Bluetooth
pair: To bring two (animals, notably dogs) together for mating.
pair: To come together for mating.
pair: To engage (oneself) with another of opposite opinions not to vote on a particular question or class of questions.
pair: To suit; to fit, as a counterpart.
pair: To impair, to make worse.
pair: To become worse, to deteriorate.
bald: To become bald.
nail: To fix (an object) to another object using a nail.
nail: To drive a nail.
nail: To stud or boss with nails, or as if with nails.
nail: To catch.
nail: To expose as a sham.
nail: To accomplish (a task) completely and successfully.
nail: To hit (a target) effectively with some weapon.
nail: Of a male, to engage in sexual intercourse with.
nail: To spike, as a cannon.
nail: To nail down: to make certain, or confirm.
belt: To encircle.
belt: To fasten a belt on.
belt: To invest (a person) with a belt as part of a formal ceremony such as knighthood.
belt: To hit with a belt.
belt: To scream or sing in a loud manner.
belt: To drink quickly, often in gulps.
belt: To hit someone or something.
belt: To hit a pitched ball a long distance, usually for a home run.
belt: To move very fast.
sail: To be impelled or driven forward by the action of wind upon sails, as a ship on water; to be impelled on a body of water by steam or other power.
sail: To move through or on the water; to swim, as a fish or a waterfowl.
sail: To ride in a boat, especially a sailboat.
sail: To set sail; to begin a voyage.
sail: To move briskly and gracefully through the air.
sail: To move briskly but sedately.
sail: To deal out (cards) from a distance by impelling them across a surface.
mate: To match, fit together without space between.
mate: To copulate.
mate: To pair in order to raise offspring.
mate: To arrange in matched pairs.
mate: To introduce (animals) together for the purpose of breeding.
mate: To copulate with.
mate: To marry; to match (a person).
mate: To match oneself against; to oppose as equal; to compete with.
mate: To fit (objects) together without space between.
mate: To come together as companions, comrades, partners, etc.
mate: To move (a space shuttle orbiter) onto the back of an aircraft that can carry it.
mate: Clipping of checkmate.
mate: To confuse; to confound.
vent: To allow gases to escape.
vent: To allow to escape through a vent.
vent: To express a strong emotion.
vent: To snuff; to breathe or puff out; to snort.
vent: To determine the sex of (a chick) by opening up the anal vent or cloaca.
vent: To sell; to vend.
vent: To ventilate; to use a ventilator; to use ventilation.
nice: To run a process with a specified (usually lower) priority.
side: To ally oneself, be in an alliance, usually with "with" or rarely "in with"
side: To lean on one side.
side: To be or stand at the side of; to be on the side toward.
side: To suit; to pair; to match.
side: To work (a timber or rib) to a certain thickness by trimming the sides.
side: To furnish with a siding.
side: To provide with, as a side or accompaniment.
side: To clear, tidy or sort.
ahem: To cough or clear one's throat so as to draw attention.
bang: To make sudden loud noises, and often repeatedly, especially by exploding or hitting something.
bang: To hit hard.
bang: To engage in sexual intercourse.
bang: To hammer or to hit anything hard.
bang: To cut squarely across, as the tail of a horse, or a person's forelock; to cut (the hair).
bang: To inject intravenously.
bang: To depress the prices in (a market).
bang: To excel or surpass.
bang: To be excellent; to be banging
bang: To fail, especially an exam; to flunk.
bang: To make a turn in a vehicle; to hang a right, left, or uey.
bang: Shortened form of gangbang, to participate in street gang criminal activity.
flux: To use flux on.
flux: To melt.
flux: To flow as a liquid.
heat: To cause an increase in temperature of (an object or space); to cause to become hot (often with "up").
heat: To become hotter.
heat: To excite or make hot by action or emotion; to make feverish.
heat: To excite ardour in; to rouse to action; to excite to excess; to inflame, as the passions.
heat: To arouse, to excite (sexually).
zany: To mimic foolishly.
says: third-person singular simple present indicative of say
hype: To promote heavily; to advertise or build up.
hype: Alternative form of hipe (“wrestling move”)
rock: To move gently back and forth.
rock: To cause to shake or sway violently.
rock: To sway or tilt violently back and forth.
rock: To be washed and panned in a cradle or in a rocker.
rock: To disturb the emotional equilibrium of; to distress; to greatly impact (most often positively).
rock: To do well or to be operating at high efficiency.
rock: to be cool.
rock: to make love to or have sex with.
rock: To sway one's body as a stim.
rock: To play, perform, or enjoy rock music, especially with a lot of skill or energy.
rock: To be very favourable or skilful; excel; be fantastic.
rock: To thrill or excite, especially with rock music.
rock: To have people dancing and enjoying rock music.
rock: To do something with excitement yet skillfully.
rock: To wear (a piece of clothing, outfit etc.) successfully or with style; to carry off (a particular look, style).
axes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ax (all etymologies and senses)
axes: third-person singular simple present indicative of axe (all etymologies and senses)
limb: To remove the limbs from (an animal or tree).
limb: To supply with limbs.
faze: To frighten or cause hesitation; to daunt, put off (usually used in the negative); to disconcert, to perturb.
fail: To be unsuccessful.
fail: Not to achieve a particular stated goal. (Usage note: The direct object of this word is usually an infinitive.)
fail: To neglect.
fail: Of a machine, etc.: to cease to operate correctly.
fail: To be wanting to, to be insufficient for, to disappoint, to desert; to disappoint one's expectations.
fail: To receive one or more non-passing grades in academic pursuits.
fail: To give a student a non-passing grade in an academic endeavour.
fail: To miss attaining; to lose.
fail: To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence.
fail: To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; used with of.
fail: To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.
fail: To deteriorate in respect to vigour, activity, resources, etc.; to become weaker.
fail: To perish; to die; used of a person.
fail: To err in judgment; to be mistaken.
fail: To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially, to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.
spam: To send spam (i.e. unsolicited electronic messages.)
spam: To send spam (i.e. unsolicited electronic messages) to a person or entity.
spam: To send messages repeatedly, often with disruptive effect; to flood.
spam: To do something rapidly and repeatedly.
font: To overlay (text) on the picture.
grid: To mark with a grid.
grid: To assign a reference grid to.
grid: To enter in a grid.
lips: third-person singular simple present indicative of lip
lips: To kiss (passionately), to smooch.
skin: To injure the skin of.
skin: To remove the skin and/or fur of an animal or a human.
skin: To high five.
skin: To apply a skin to (a computer program).
skin: To use tricks to go past a defender.
skin: To become covered with skin.
skin: To cover with skin, or as if with skin; hence, to cover superficially.
skin: To produce, in recitation, examination, etc., the work of another for one's own, or to use cribs, memoranda, etc., which are prohibited.
skin: To strip of money or property; to cheat.
skin: To sneak off.
fate: To foreordain or predetermine, to make inevitable.
prep: To prepare.
lyre: to play the lyre
loft: To propel high into the air.
loft: To fly or travel through the air, as though propelled
loft: To throw the ball erroneously through the air instead of releasing it on the lane's surface.
loft: To furnish with a loft space.
loft: To raise (a bed) on tall supports so that the space beneath can be used for something else.
dons: third-person singular simple present indicative of don
an't: amn't; am not
an't: aren't; are not
an't: isn't; is not
an't: haven't; hasn't
rind: To remove the rind from.
pole: To propel by pushing with poles, to push with a pole.
pole: To identify something quite precisely using a telescope.
pole: To furnish with poles for support.
pole: To convey on poles.
pole: To stir, as molten glass, with a pole.
pole: To strike (the ball) very hard.
pole: To induce piezoelectricity in (a substance) by aligning the dipoles.
tyre: To fit tyres to (a vehicle).
tyre: To adorn.
ruse: To deceive or trick using a ruse.
ruse: Of an animal: to turn or double back to elude hunters or their hunting dogs.
away: To depart; to go to another place.
goal: To score a goal.
sick: To vomit.
sick: To fall sick; to sicken.
sick: Alternative spelling of sic (“set upon”)
lite: To expect; wait.
lite: To rely.
tire: To become sleepy or weary.
tire: To make sleepy or weary.
tire: To become bored or impatient (with).
tire: To bore.
tire: To dress or adorn.
tire: To seize, pull, and tear prey, as a hawk does.
tire: To seize, rend, or tear something as prey; to be fixed upon, or engaged with, anything.
mope: To carry oneself in a depressed, lackadaisical manner; to give oneself up to low spirits; to pout, sulk.
mope: To make spiritless and stupid.
demo: To record a demo version of a song, usually not intended for commercial release.
demo: To demonstrate.
demo: To demolish (especially a house or fixture).
cosy: To become snug and comfortable.
cosy: To become friendly with.
hymn: To sing a hymn.
hymn: To praise or extol in hymns.
wont: To make (someone) used to; to accustom.
wont: To be accustomed (to something), to be in the habit (of doing something).
mule: To smuggle (illegal drugs).
sees: third-person singular simple present indicative of see
mote: May or might.
mote: Must.
mote: Forming subjunctive expressions of wish: may.
heir: To inherit.
LARP: Acronym of live-action roleplay.
LARP: To pretend to be something, or act as something.
club: To hit with a club.
club: To join together to form a group.
club: To combine into a club-shaped mass.
club: To go to nightclubs.
club: To pay an equal or proportionate share of a common charge or expense.
club: To raise, or defray, by a proportional assessment.
club: To drift in a current with an anchor out.
club: To throw, or allow to fall, into confusion.
club: To unite, or contribute, for the accomplishment of a common end.
club: To turn the breech of (a musket) uppermost, so as to use it as a club.
peep: To make a soft, shrill noise like a baby bird.
peep: To speak briefly with a quiet voice.
peep: To look, especially through a narrow opening, or while trying not to be seen or noticed.
peep: To begin to appear; to look forth from concealment; to make the first appearance.
peep: To take a look at; check out.
peep: To see, uncover.
moat: To surround with a moat.
glad: To make glad.
putt: To lightly strike a golf ball with a putter.
putt: To make a putting sound.
putt: To ride one's motorcycle, to go for a motorcycle ride.
putt: To move along slowly.
putt: Obsolete form of put.
farm: To work on a farm, especially in the growing and harvesting of crops.
farm: To devote (land) to farming.
farm: To grow (a particular crop).
farm: To give up to another, as an estate, a business, the revenue, etc., on condition of receiving in return a percentage of what it yields; to farm out.
farm: To lease or let for an equivalent, e.g. land for a rent; to yield the use of to proceeds.
farm: To take at a certain rent or rate.
farm: To engage in grinding (repetitive activity) in a particular area or against specific enemies for a particular drop or item.
farm: To cleanse; clean out; put in order; empty; empty out
lore: simple past and past participle of lose
lore: simple past and past participle of lose, used in the sense of "left"
lore: simple past and past participle of lese
code: To write software programs.
code: To add codes to (a data set).
code: To categorise by assigning identifiers from a schedule, for example CPT coding for medical insurance purposes.
code: To encode.
code: To encode a protein.
code: To call a hospital emergency code.
code: To go into a state where a hospital emergency code is required to save one's life.
code: Of a patient, to suffer a sudden medical emergency (a code blue) such as cardiac arrest.
cant: To speak with the jargon of a class or subgroup.
cant: To speak in set phrases.
cant: To talk, beg, or preach in a singsong or whining fashion, especially in a false or empty manner.
cant: Of a blazon, to make a pun that references the bearer of a coat of arms.
cant: To sell by auction, or bid at an auction.
cant: To set (something) at an angle.
cant: To give a sudden turn or new direction to.
cant: To bevel an edge or corner.
cant: To overturn so that the contents are emptied.
cant: To divide or parcel out.
busy: To make somebody busy or active; to occupy.
busy: To rush somebody.
meek: (of horses) To tame; to break.
horn: To assault with the horns.
horn: To furnish with horns.
horn: To cuckold.
pare: To remove the outer covering or skin of something with a cutting device, typically a knife.
pare: To reduce, diminish or trim gradually something as if by cutting off.
pare: To trim the hoof of a horse.
pare: To sharpen a pencil.
lock: To become fastened in place.
lock: To fasten with a lock.
lock: To be capable of becoming fastened in place.
lock: To intertwine or dovetail.
lock: To freeze one's body or a part thereof in place.
lock: To furnish (a canal) with locks.
lock: To raise or lower (a boat) in a lock.
lock: To seize (e.g. the sword arm of an antagonist) by turning one's left arm around it, to disarm them.
lock: To modify (a thread) so that users cannot make new posts in it.
lock: To prevent a page from being edited by other users.
lock: To play in the position of lock.
gast: To frighten.
pale: To turn pale; to lose colour.
pale: To become insignificant.
pale: To make pale; to diminish the brightness of.
pale: To enclose with pales, or as if with pales; to encircle or encompass; to fence off.
turf: To cover with turf; to create a lawn by laying turfs.
turf: To throw a frisbee well short of its intended target, usually causing it to hit the ground within 10 yards of its release.
turf: To fire from a job or dismiss from a task.
turf: To cancel a project or product.
turf: To expel, eject, or throw out; to turf out.
turf: To transfer or attempt to transfer (a patient or case); to eschew or avoid responsibility for.
yawn: To open the mouth widely and take a long, rather deep breath, often because one is tired or bored, and sometimes accompanied by pandiculation.
yawn: To say while yawning.
yawn: To present a wide opening; gape.
yawn: To open the mouth, or to gape, through surprise or bewilderment.
yawn: To be eager; to desire to swallow anything; to express desire by yawning.
muck: To shovel muck.
muck: To manure with muck.
muck: To do a dirty job.
muck: To pass, to fold without showing one's cards, often done when a better hand has already been revealed.
muck: To vomit.
beau: To act as a beau (towards); to court or woo.
type: To put text on paper using a typewriter.
type: To enter text or commands into a computer using a keyboard.
type: To determine the blood type of.
type: To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
type: To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify.
type: To categorize into types.
pope: To act as or like a pope.
pope: To convert to Roman Catholicism.
fare: To go, travel.
fare: To get along, succeed (well or badly); to be in any state, or pass through any experience, good or bad; to be attended with any circumstances or train of events.
fare: To eat, dine.
fare: To happen well, or ill.
fare: To move along; proceed; progress; advance
hawk: To hunt with a hawk.
hawk: To make an attack while on the wing; to soar and strike like a hawk.
hawk: To sell; to offer for sale by outcry in the street; to carry (merchandise) about from place to place for sale; to peddle.
hawk: To expectorate, to cough up something from one's throat.
hawk: To try to cough up something from one's throat; to clear the throat loudly.
glut: To fill to capacity; to satisfy all demand or requirement; to sate.
glut: To provide (a market) with so much of a product that the supply greatly exceeds the demand.
glut: To eat gluttonously or to satiety.
clit: To stimulate the clitoris.
sort: To separate items into different categories according to certain criteria that determine their sorts.
sort: To arrange into some sequence, usually numerically, alphabetically or chronologically.
sort: To conjoin; to put together in distribution; to class.
sort: To conform; to adapt; to accommodate.
sort: To choose from a number; to select; to cull.
sort: To join or associate with others, especially with others of the same kind or species; to agree.
sort: To suit; to fit; to be in accord; to harmonize.
sort: To fix (a problem) or handle (a task).
sort: To attack physically.
sort: To geld.
darf: Alternative form of tharf
flag: To furnish or deck out with flags.
flag: To mark with a flag, especially to indicate the importance of something.
flag: To signal to, especially to stop a passing vehicle etc.
flag: To convey (a message) by means of flag signals.
flag: To note, mark or point out for attention.
flag: To signal (an event).
flag: To set a program variable to true.
flag: To decoy (game) by waving a flag, handkerchief, etc. to arouse the animal's curiosity.
flag: To penalize for an infraction.
flag: To lose on time, especially in a blitz game; when using a traditional analog chess clock, a flag would fall when time expired.
flag: To defeat (an opponent) on time, especially in a blitz game.
flag: To point the muzzle of a firearm at a person or object one does not intend to fire on.
flag: To fail, such as a class or an exam.
flag: In female canids, to signal mating readiness by moving the tail aside to expose the vulva.
flag: To weaken, become feeble.
flag: To hang loose without stiffness; to bend down, as flexible bodies; to be loose, yielding, limp.
flag: To let droop; to suffer to fall, or let fall, into feebleness.
flag: To enervate; to exhaust the vigour or elasticity of.
flag: To pave with flagstones.
main: Short for mainline (“to inject (a drug) directly into a vein”).
main: To mainly play a specific character or side, or with specific equipment, during a game.
main: To convert (a road) into a main or primary road.
less: To make less; to lessen.
fawn: To give birth to a fawn.
fawn: To exhibit affection or attempt to please.
fawn: To seek favour by flattery and obsequious behaviour (with on or upon).
fawn: To show devotion or submissiveness by wagging its tail, nuzzling, licking, etc.
plan: To design (a building, machine, etc.).
plan: To create a plan for.
plan: To intend.
plan: To make a plan.
spew: To eject forcibly and in a stream,
spew: To be forcibly ejected.
spew: To speak or write quickly and voluminously, especially words that are not worth listening to or reading.
spew: To be written or spoken voluminously.
spew: To vomit.
spew: To ejaculate.
spew: To develop a white powder or dark crystals on the surface of finished leather, as a result from improper tanning.
bury: To ritualistically inter in a grave or tomb.
bury: To place in the ground.
bury: To hide or conceal as if by covering with earth or another substance.
bury: To suppress and hide away in one's mind.
bury: To put an end to; to abandon.
bury: To score a goal.
bury: To kill or murder.
bury: To render imperceptible by other, more prominent stimuli; drown out.
bury: To outlive.
bury: Ruining the image or character of another wrestler, usually by embarassing or defeating them in dominating fashion.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: Of a body, person, etc, to move around an axis through itself.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To change the direction or orientation of, especially by rotation.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To change one's direction of travel.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To shape (something) symmetrically by rotating it against a stationary cutting tool, as on a lathe.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To give form to; to shape or mould; to adapt.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To position (something) by folding it, or using its folds.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To navigate through a book or other printed material.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: To twist or sprain.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: Of a bowler, to make (the ball) move sideways off the pitch when it bounces.
turn: To make a non-linear physical movement.
turn: Of a ball, to move sideways off the pitch when it bounces.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To become (begin to be).
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change the color of the leaves in the autumn.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change fundamentally; to metamorphose.
turn: To sour or spoil; to go bad.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change fundamentally; to metamorphose.
turn: To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change fundamentally; to metamorphose.
turn: To change (a person) into a vampire, werewolf, zombie, etc.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change fundamentally; to metamorphose.
turn: To transform into a vampire, werewolf, zombie, etc.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change fundamentally; to metamorphose.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To reach a certain age.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To hinge; to depend.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To rebel; to go against something formerly tolerated.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change personal condition.
turn: To change personalities, such as from being a face (good guy) to heel (bad guy) or vice versa.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change personal condition.
turn: To become giddy; said of the head or brain.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change personal condition.
turn: To sicken; to nauseate.
turn: To change condition or attitude.
turn: To change personal condition.
turn: To be nauseated; said of the stomach.
turn: To change one's course of action; to take a new approach.
turn: To complete.
turn: To make (money); turn a profit.
turn: Of a player, to go past an opposition player with the ball in one's control.
turn: To undergo the process of turning on a lathe.
turn: To bring down the feet of a child in the womb, in order to facilitate delivery.
turn: To invert a type of the same thickness, as a temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted.
turn: To translate.
turn: To magically or divinely repel undead.
fair: To smoothen or even a surface (especially a connection or junction on a surface).
fair: To bring into perfect alignment (especially about rivet holes when connecting structural members).
fair: To make an animation smooth, removing any jerkiness.
fair: To construct or design with the aim of producing a smooth outline or reducing air drag or water resistance.
fair: To make fair or beautiful.
pool: To form a pool.
pool: To put together; contribute to a common fund, on the basis of a mutual division of profits or losses; to make a common interest of.
pool: To combine or contribute with others, as for a commercial, speculative, or gambling transaction.
dein: present participle of de
slip: To lose one’s traction on a slippery surface; to slide due to a lack of friction.
slip: To err.
slip: To accidentally reveal a secret or otherwise say something unintentionally.
slip: To move or fly (out of place); to shoot; often with out, off, etc.
slip: To pass (a note, money, etc.), often covertly.
slip: To cause to move smoothly and quickly; to slide; to convey gently or secretly.
slip: To move quickly and often secretively; to depart, withdraw, enter, appear, intrude, or escape as if by sliding.
slip: To move down; to slide.
slip: To release (a dog, a bird of prey, etc.) to go after a quarry.
slip: Clipping of sideslip: To fly with the longitudinal axis misaligned with the relative wind.
slip: To remove the skin of a soft fruit, such as a tomato or peach, by blanching briefly in boiling water, then transferring to cold water so that the skin peels, or slips, off easily.
slip: To omit; to lose by negligence.
slip: To cut slips from; to cut; to take off; to make a slip or slips of.
slip: To cause to slip or slide off, or out of place.
slip: To bring forth (young) prematurely; to slink.
slip: To cause (a schedule or release, etc.) to go, or let it go, beyond the allotted deadline.
gale: To cry; groan; croak.
gale: To talk.
gale: To sing; utter with musical modulations.
gale: To sail, or sail fast.
rand: To rant; to storm.
lust: To look at or watch with a strong desire, especially of a sexual nature.
anal: To penetrate anally.
tram: To operate, or conduct the business of, a tramway.
tram: To travel by tram.
tram: To transport (material) by tram.
tram: To align a component in mechanical engineering or metalworking, particularly the head of a drill press.
tram: To weave in this manner.
form: To assume (a certain shape or visible structure).
form: To give (a shape or visible structure) to a thing or person.
form: To take shape.
form: To put together or bring into being; assemble.
form: To create (a word) by inflection or derivation.
form: To constitute, to compose, to make up.
form: To mould or model by instruction or discipline.
form: To provide (a hare) with a form.
form: To treat (plates) to prepare them for introduction into a storage battery, causing one plate to be composed more or less of spongy lead, and the other of lead peroxide. This was formerly done by repeated slow alternations of the charging current, but later the plates or grids were coated or filled, one with a paste of red lead and the other with litharge, introduced into the cell, and formed by a direct charging current.
smog: To get a smog check; to check a vehicle or have it checked for emissions.
arme: Obsolete spelling of arm
turd: To defecate.
nait: To refuse; deny; disclaim.
nait: To use; employ.
nait: To go over; recite; repeat.
nait: To exert oneself.
haze: To be or become hazy, or thick with haze.
haze: To perform an unpleasant initiation ritual upon a usually non-consenting individual, especially freshmen to a closed community such as a college fraternity or military unit.
haze: To oppress or harass by forcing to do hard and unnecessary work.
haze: In a rodeo, to assist the bulldogger by keeping (the steer) running in a straight line.
haze: To use aversive stimuli on (a wild animal, such as a bear) to encourage it to keep its distance from humans.
bulk: To appear or seem to be, as to bulk or extent.
bulk: To grow in size; to swell or expand.
bulk: To gain body mass by means of diet, exercise, etc.
bulk: To put or hold in bulk.
bulk: To add bulk to, to bulk out.
rope: To tie (something) with rope.
rope: To throw a rope (or something similar, e.g. a lasso, cable, wire, etc.) around (something).
rope: To climb by means of a rope or ropes.
rope: To be formed into rope; to draw out or extend into a filament or thread.
rope: To commit suicide, particularly by hanging.
does: third-person singular simple present indicative of do
keen: To make cold, to sharpen.
keen: To utter a keen.
keen: To utter with a loud wailing voice or wordless cry.
keen: To mourn.
skid: (of a wheel, sled runner, or vehicle tracks) To slide along the ground, without the rotary motion that wheels or tracks would normally have.
skid: To slide in an uncontrolled manner as in a car with the brakes applied too hard, the wheels sliding with limited spinning.
skid: To operate an aircraft in a banked sideslip with the nose yawed towards the low wing.
skid: To protect or support with a skid or skids.
skid: To cause to move on skids.
skid: To check or halt (wagon wheels, etc.) with a skid.
skid: To steal or copy, especially computer code.
land: To descend to a surface, especially from the air.
land: To alight, to descend from a vehicle.
land: To come into rest.
land: To arrive on land, especially a shore or dock, from a body of water.
land: To bring to land.
land: To capture or arrest.
land: To acquire; to secure.
land: To succeed in having sexual relations with; to score
land: (of a blow) To deliver.
land: (of a punch) To connect
land: To go down well with an audience.
bead: To form into a bead.
bead: To apply beads to.
bead: To form into a bead.
bead: To cause beads to form on (something).
beet: To improve; to mend.
beet: To kindle a fire.
beet: To rouse.
pash: To snog, to make out, to kiss.
pash: To throw (or be thrown) and break.
pash: To strike; to crush; to bash; to break into pieces.
veto: To use a veto against.
bare: To uncover; to reveal.
bare: simple past of bear
snog: To kiss passionately.
more: To root up.
best: To surpass in skill or achievement.
best: To beat in a contest.
best: Had best.
bulb: To take the shape of a bulb; to swell.
bray: Of an animal (now chiefly of animals related to the ass or donkey, and the camel): to make its cry.
bray: To make a harsh, discordant sound like a donkey's bray.
bray: To make or utter (a shout, sound, etc.) discordantly, loudly, or in a harsh and grating manner.
bray: To crush or pound, especially using a pestle and mortar.
bray: To hit (someone or something).
deny: To disallow or reject.
deny: To assert that something is not true.
deny: To refuse to give or grant something to someone.
deny: To take something away from someone; to deprive of.
deny: To prevent from scoring.
deny: To disclaim connection with, responsibility for, etc.; to refuse to acknowledge; to disown; to abjure; to disavow.
deny: To refuse (to do or accept something).
wasp: To move like a wasp; to buzz
auto: To travel by automobile.
swig: To drink (usually by gulping or in a greedy or unrefined manner); to quaff.
swig: To suck.
swig: To take up the last bit of slack in rigging by taking a single turn around a cleat, then hauling on the line above and below the cleat while keeping tension on the line.
tube: To supply with, or enclose in, a tube.
tube: To ride an inner tube.
tube: To intubate.
grub: To scavenge or in some way scrounge, typically for food.
grub: To dig; to dig up by the roots; to root out by digging; often followed by up.
grub: To supply with food.
grub: To eat.
clue: To provide with a clue.
clue: To provide someone with information which he or she lacks (often used with "in" or "up").
clue: Alternative form of clew
leaf: To produce leaves; put forth foliage.
leaf: To divide (a vegetable) into separate leaves.
toad: To expel (a user) permanently from a MUD or similar system, so that their account is deleted.
hark: To listen attentively.
arch: To form into an arch shape.
arch: To cover with an arch or arches.
lady: To address as “lady”.
cobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cob
wipe: To move an object over, maintaining contact, with the intention of removing some substance from the surface. (Compare rub.)
wipe: To remove by rubbing; to rub off; to obliterate; usually followed by away, off, or out.
wipe: To smear (a substance) with this kind of motion.
wipe: To cheat; to defraud; to trick; usually followed by out.
wipe: To clean (the buttocks) after defecation.
wipe: To erase.
wipe: To make (a joint, as between pieces of lead pipe), by surrounding the junction with a mass of solder, applied in a plastic condition by means of a rag with which the solder is shaped by rubbing.
wipe: To remove an expression from one's face.
wipe: To deperm (a ship).
wipe: To perform a transition in which one scene or slide is replaced with another over time along a horizontal axis, as if one scene or slide is a layer being slid off the other.
wipe: To have all members of a party die in a single campaign, event, or battle; to be wiped out.
buck: To copulate, as bucks and does.
buck: To bend; buckle.
buck: To leap upward arching its back, coming down with head low and forelegs stiff, forcefully kicking its hind legs upward, often in an attempt to dislodge or throw a rider or pack.
buck: To throw (a rider or pack) by bucking.
buck: To subject to a mode of punishment which consists of tying the wrists together, passing the arms over the bent knees, and putting a stick across the arms and in the angle formed by the knees.
buck: To resist obstinately; oppose or object strongly.
buck: To move or operate in a sharp, jerking, or uneven manner.
buck: To overcome or shed (e.g., an impediment or expectation), in pursuit of a goal; to force a way through despite (an obstacle); to resist or proceed against.
buck: To press a reinforcing device (bucking bar) against (the force of a rivet) in order to absorb vibration and increase expansion.
buck: To saw a felled tree into shorter lengths, as for firewood.
buck: To output a voltage that is lower than the input voltage.
buck: To fuck.
buck: To soak, steep or boil in lye or suds, as part of the bleaching process.
buck: To wash (clothes) in lye or suds, or, in later usage, by beating them on stones in running water.
buck: To break up or pulverize, as ores.
buck: To swell out.
poke: To prod or jab with an object such as a finger or a stick.
poke: To stir up a fire to remove ash or promote burning.
poke: To rummage; to feel or grope around.
poke: To modify the value stored in (a memory address).
poke: To put a poke (device to prevent leaping or breaking fences) on (an animal).
poke: To thrust at with the horns; to gore.
poke: To notify (another user) of activity on social media or an instant messenger.
poke: To thrust (something) in a particular direction such as the tongue.
poke: To penetrate in sexual intercourse.
scum: To remove the layer of scum from (a liquid etc.).
scum: To remove (something) as scum.
scum: To become covered with scum.
scum: To scour (the land, sea, etc.).
scum: To gather together, as scum.
scum: To startscum or savescum.
mout: Pronunciation spelling of might corresponding to US regional dialect.
seed: To plant or sow an area with seeds.
seed: To cover thinly with something scattered; to ornament with seedlike decorations.
seed: To start; to provide, assign or determine the initial resources for, position of, state of.
seed: To allocate a seeding to a competitor.
seed: To leave (files) available for others to download through peer-to-peer file sharing protocols (e.g. BitTorrent).
seed: To be qualified to compete, especially in a quarter-final, semi-final, or final.
seed: To scatter small particles within (a cloud or airmass) in order to trigger the formation of rain.
seed: To produce seed.
seed: To grow to maturity.
seed: To ejaculate inside the penetratee during intercourse, especially in the rectum.
seed: simple past and past participle of see
toss: To throw with an initial upward direction.
toss: To lift with a sudden or violent motion.
toss: To agitate; to make restless.
toss: To subject to trials; to harass.
toss: To flip a coin, to decide a point of contention.
toss: To discard; to throw away.
toss: To stir or mix (a salad).
toss: To masturbate
toss: To search (a room or a cell), sometimes leaving visible disorder, as for valuables or evidence of a crime.
toss: To roll and tumble; to be in violent commotion.
toss: To be tossed, as a fleet on the ocean, or as a ship in heavy seas.
toss: To keep in play; to tumble over.
toss: To peak (the oars), to lift them from the rowlocks and hold them perpendicularly, the handle resting on the bottom of the boat.
toss: To drink in large draughts; to gulp.
toss: To vomit.
frog: To hunt or trap frogs.
frog: To use a pronged plater to transfer (cells) to another plate.
frog: To spatchcock (a chicken).
frog: To ornament or fasten a coat, etc. with frogs.
frog: To unravel part of (a knitted garment) while knitting it in order to correct a mistake.
worm: To make (one's way) with a crawling motion.
worm: To move with one's body dragging the ground.
worm: To work one's way by artful or devious means.
worm: To work (one's way or oneself) (into) gradually or slowly; to insinuate.
worm: To effect, remove, drive, draw, or the like, by slow and secret means.
worm: To drag out of, to get information that someone is reluctant or unwilling to give (through artful or devious means or by pleading or asking repeatedly).
worm: To fill in the contlines of (a rope) before parcelling and serving.
worm: To deworm (an animal).
worm: To cut the worm, or lytta, from under the tongue of (a dog, etc.) for the purpose of checking a disposition to gnaw, and formerly supposed to guard against canine madness.
worm: To clean by means of a worm; to draw a wad or cartridge from, as a firearm.
cart: To carry or convey in a cart.
cart: To carry goods.
cart: To remove, especially involuntarily or for disposal.
cart: To expose in a cart by way of punishment.
just: To joust, fight a tournament.
baas: third-person singular simple present indicative of baa
bout: To contest a bout.
leer: To look sideways or obliquely; now especially with sexual desire or malicious intent.
leer: To entice with a leer or leers.
leer: To teach.
leer: To learn.
snug: To make secure or snug.
snug: To snuggle or nestle.
snug: To make smooth.
moor: To cast anchor or become fastened.
moor: To fix or secure (e.g. a vessel) in a particular place by casting anchor, or by fastening with ropes, cables or chains or the like.
moor: To secure or fix firmly.
copy: To produce an object identical to a given object.
copy: To give or transmit a copy to (a person).
copy: To place a copy of an object in memory for later use.
copy: To imitate.
copy: To receive a transmission successfully.
lamb: Of a sheep, to give birth.
lamb: To assist (sheep) to give birth.
bark: To make a short, loud, explosive noise with the vocal organs (said of animals, especially dogs).
bark: To make a clamor; to make importunate outcries.
bark: To speak sharply.
bark: To strip the bark from; to peel.
bark: To abrade or rub off any outer covering from.
bark: To girdle.
bark: To cover or inclose with bark, or as with bark.
airs: third-person singular simple present indicative of air
fool: To trick; to deceive.
fool: To act in an idiotic manner; to act foolishly.
fool: To make a fool of; to make act the fool.
aged: simple past and past participle of age
walk: To move on the feet by alternately setting each foot (or pair or group of feet, in the case of animals with four or more feet) forward, with at least one foot on the ground at all times. Compare run.
walk: To "walk free", i.e. to win, or avoid, a criminal court case, particularly when actually guilty.
walk: Of an object, to go missing or be stolen.
walk: To walk off the field, as if given out, after the fielding side appeals and before the umpire has ruled; done as a matter of sportsmanship when the batsman believes he is out.
walk: To travel (a distance) by walking.
walk: To take for a walk or accompany on a walk.
walk: To allow a batter to reach base by pitching four balls.
walk: Of an object or machine, to move by shifting between two positions, as if it were walking.
walk: To cause something to move in such a way.
walk: To full; to beat cloth to give it the consistency of felt.
walk: To traverse by walking (or analogous gradual movement).
walk: To operate the left and right throttles of (an aircraft) in alternation.
walk: To leave, resign.
walk: To push (a vehicle) alongside oneself as one walks.
walk: To behave; to pursue a course of life; to conduct oneself.
walk: To be stirring; to be abroad; to go restlessly about; said of things or persons expected to remain quiet, such as a sleeping person, or the spirit of a dead person.
walk: To be in motion; to act; to move.
walk: To put, keep, or train (a puppy) in a walk, or training area for dogfighting.
walk: To move a guest to another hotel if their confirmed reservation is not available on day of check-in.
omen: To be an omen of.
omen: To divine or predict from omens.
ague: To strike with an ague, or with a cold fit.
root: To grow roots; to enter the earth, as roots; to take root and begin to grow.
root: To prepare, oversee, or otherwise cause the rooting of cuttings.
root: To be firmly fixed; to be established.
root: To get root or privileged access on a computer system or mobile phone, often through bypassing some security mechanism.
root: To turn up or dig with the snout.
root: To seek favour or advancement by low arts or grovelling servility; to fawn.
root: To rummage; to search as if by digging in soil.
root: Of a baby: to turn the head and open the mouth in search of food.
root: To root out; to abolish.
root: To sexually penetrate.
root: To cheer (on); to show support (for) and hope for the success of. (See root for.)
fuss: To be very worried or excited about something, often too much.
fuss: To fiddle; fidget; wiggle, or adjust
fuss: To cry or be ill-humoured.
fuss: To show affection for, especially animals.
fuss: To pet.
pays: third-person singular simple present indicative of pay
tape: To bind with adhesive tape.
tape: To record, originally onto magnetic tape.
tape: To understand, figure out.
sham: To deceive, cheat, lie.
sham: To obtrude by fraud or imposition.
sham: To assume the manner and character of; to imitate; to ape; to feign.
purr: To make a vibrating sound in its throat when contented.
purr: To say (something) in a throaty, seductive manner.
purr: To make a vibrating throaty sound, as from pleasure.
purr: To make a low and consistent rumbling sound.
soul: To endow with a soul or mind.
soul: To beg on All Soul's Day.
soul: To feed or nourish.
rent: To take a lease of premises in exchange for rent.
rent: To grant a lease in return for rent.
rent: To obtain or have temporary possession of an object (e.g. a movie) in exchange for money.
rent: To be leased or let for rent.
rent: simple past and past participle of rend
meow: Of a cat, to make its cry.
barn: To lay up in a barn.
vary: To change with time or a similar parameter.
vary: To institute a change in, from a current state; to modify.
vary: Not to remain constant: to change with time or a similar parameter.
vary: To display differences.
vary: To be or act different from the usual.
vary: To make of different kinds; to make different from one another; to diversity; to variegate.
vary: To embellish; to change fancifully; to present under new aspects, as of form, key, measure, etc. See variation.
vary: To disagree; to be at variance or in dissension.
dial: To control or select something with a dial, or (figuratively) as if with a dial.
dial: To select a number, or to call someone, on a telephone.
dial: To use a dial or a telephone.
roar: To make a loud, deep cry, especially from pain, anger, or other strong emotion.
roar: To laugh in a particularly loud manner.
roar: Of animals (especially a lion), to make a loud deep noise.
roar: Generally, of inanimate objects etc., to make a loud resounding noise.
roar: To proceed vigorously.
roar: To cry aloud; to proclaim loudly.
roar: To be boisterous; to be disorderly.
roar: To make a loud noise in breathing, as horses do when they have a certain disease.
roar: To cry.
apes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ape
ajar: To turn or open slightly; to become ajar or to cause to become ajar; to be or to hang ajar.
ajar: To show variance or contradiction with something; to be or cause to be askew.
monk: To be a monk.
monk: To act like a monk; especially to be contemplative.
monk: To monkey or meddle; to behave in a manner that is not systematic.
monk: To be intoxicated or confused.
monk: To be attached in a way that sticks out.
spot: To see, find; to pick out, notice, locate, distinguish or identify.
spot: To loan a small amount of money to someone.
spot: To stain; to leave a spot (on).
spot: To remove, or attempt to remove, a stain.
spot: To retouch a photograph on film to remove minor flaws.
spot: To support or assist a maneuver, or to be prepared to assist if safety dictates.
spot: To keep the head and eyes pointing in a single direction while turning.
spot: To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish, as reputation.
spot: To cut or chip (timber) in preparation for hewing.
spot: To place an object at a location indicated by a spot.
spot: To position (an aircraft) on the deck of an aircraft carrier ready for launch by catapult.
spot: To position (a locomotive or car) at a predetermined point, e.g., for loading or unloading.
chap: Of the skin, to split or flake due to cold weather or dryness.
chap: To cause to open in slits or chinks; to split; to cause the skin of to crack or become rough.
chap: To strike, knock.
tale: To speak; discourse; tell tales.
tale: To reckon; consider (someone) to have something.
ally: To unite or form a connection between (people or things), as between families by marriage, or between states by confederacy, league, or treaty.
ally: Chiefly followed by to or with: to connect or form a relation to (someone or something) by similarity in features or nature.
ally: To join or unite (oneself or itself) against, with, etc., someone or something else.
ally: Chiefly followed by with: to enter into an alliance or unite for a common aim.
trap: To physically capture, to catch in a trap or traps, or something like a trap.
trap: To ensnare; to take by stratagem; to entrap.
trap: To provide with a trap.
trap: To set traps for game; to make a business of trapping game; to travel for the purpose of trapping.
trap: To successfully land an aircraft on an aircraft carrier using the carrier's arresting gear.
trap: To leave suddenly, to flee.
trap: To sell illegal drugs, especially in a public area.
trap: To capture (e.g. an error) in order to handle or process it.
trap: To attend to and open and close a (trap-)door.
trap: Of a 'trap': to trick a (heterosexual) man into having sex, by appearing to be a woman.
trap: To dress with ornaments; to adorn (especially said of horses).
yang: To make the cry of the wild goose.
dung: To fertilize with dung.
dung: To immerse or steep, as calico, in a bath of hot water containing cow dung, done to remove the superfluous mordant.
dung: To release dung: to defecate.
dung: past participle of ding
dung: To discard (especially rubbish); to chuck out.
ante: To pay the ante in poker. Often used as ante up.
ante: To make an investment in money, effort, or time before knowing one's chances.
junk: To throw away.
junk: To find something for very little money (meaning derived from the term junkshop)
blog: To contribute to a blog.
blog: To blag, to steal something; to acquire something illegally.
blog: To look sullen or sulky
pong: To stink, to smell bad.
pong: To deliver a line of a play in an arch, suggestive or unnatural way, so as to draw undue attention to it.
pong: To invent a line of dialogue when one has forgotten the actual line.
pity: To feel pity for (someone or something).
pity: To make (someone) feel pity; to provoke the sympathy or compassion of.
ugly: To make ugly (sometimes with up).
amen: To say amen.
amen: To say amen to; to ratify solemnly.
chip: To chop or cut into small pieces.
chip: To break small pieces from.
chip: To play a shot hitting the ball predominantly upwards rather than forwards. In association football specifically, when the shot is a shot on goal, the opposing goalkeeper may be the direct object of the verb, rather than the ball.
chip: to upgrade an engine management system, usually to increase power.
chip: To become chipped.
chip: To ante (up).
chip: To fit (an animal) with a microchip.
chip: To contribute.
chip: To make fun of.
chip: To leave.
snot: To blow, wipe, or clear (the nose).
snot: To sniff or snivel; to produce snot, to have a runny nose.
nerf: To bump lightly, whether accidentally or purposefully.
nerf: To change a mechanic, an ability or a character in a video game in order to make a previously dominant strategy less viable or less effective.
nerf: To arbitrarily limit or reduce the capability of.
clog: To block or slow passage through (often with 'up').
clog: To encumber or load, especially with something that impedes motion; to hamper.
clog: To burden; to trammel; to embarrass; to perplex.
clog: To enforce a mortgage lender right that prevents a borrower from exercising a right to redeem.
clog: To perform a clog dance.
knot: To form into a knot; to tie with a knot or knots.
knot: To form wrinkles in the forehead, as a sign of concentration, concern, surprise, etc.
knot: To unite closely; to knit together.
knot: To entangle or perplex; to puzzle.
knot: To form knots.
knot: To knit knots for a fringe.
yard: To confine to a yard.
yard: To move a yard at a time, as opposed to inching along.
edge: To move an object slowly and carefully in a particular direction.
edge: To move slowly and carefully in a particular direction.
edge: To win by a small margin.
edge: To hit the ball with an edge of the bat, causing a fine deflection.
edge: To trim the margin of a lawn where the grass meets the sidewalk, usually with an electric or gas-powered lawn edger.
edge: To furnish with an edge; to construct an edging.
edge: To furnish with an edge, as a tool or weapon; to sharpen.
edge: To make sharp or keen; to incite; to exasperate; to goad; to urge or egg on.
edge: To delay one's orgasm so as to remain almost at the point of orgasm.
tone: to give a particular tone to
tone: to change the colour of
tone: to make (something) firmer
tone: to utter with an affected tone.
oven: To cook in an oven
chew: To crush with the teeth by repeated closing and opening of the jaws; done to food to soften it and break it down by the action of saliva before it is swallowed.
chew: To grind, tear, or otherwise degrade or demolish something with teeth or as with teeth.
chew: To think about something; to ponder; to chew over.
poly: To polymorph; to transform by magic.
roof: To cover or furnish with a roof.
roof: To traverse buildings by walking or climbing across their roofs.
roof: To put into prison, to bird.
roof: To shelter as if under a roof.
grab: To grip suddenly; to seize; to clutch.
grab: To make a sudden grasping or clutching motion (at something).
grab: To restrain someone; to arrest.
grab: To grip the attention of; to enthrall or interest.
grab: To quickly collect, retrieve, or take.
grab: To consume something quickly.
grab: To take the opportunity of.
fiat: To make (something) happen.
dass: To dare.
film: To record (activity, or a motion picture) on photographic film.
film: To visually record (activity, or a motion picture) in general, with or without sound.
film: To cover or become covered with a thin skin or pellicle.
meme: To create and use humorous memes.
meme: To turn into a meme; to use a meme, especially to achieve a goal in real life.
meme: To joke around.
germ: To germinate.
germ: To grow, as if parasitic.
hobo: To be a hobo, tramp, bum etc.
tier: To arrange in layers.
tier: To cascade in an overlapping sequence.
tier: To move (data) from one storage medium to another as an optimization, based on how frequently it is accessed.
pane: To fit with panes.
oath: To pledge.
wank: To masturbate.
wank: To masturbate; to give a hand job to.
wank: To argue in an inappropriate manner or about pretentious or insubstantial matters; to engage in wank.
step: To move the foot in walking; to advance or recede by raising and moving one of the feet to another resting place, or by moving both feet in succession.
step: To walk; to go on foot; especially, to walk a little distance.
step: To walk slowly, gravely, or resolutely.
step: To dance.
step: To move mentally; to go in imagination.
step: To set, as the foot.
step: To fix the foot of (a mast) in its step; to erect.
step: To advance a process gradually, one step at a time.
adze: To shape a material using an adze.
hail: For hailstones to fall from the sky.
hail: To send or release hail.
hail: To pour down in rapid succession.
hail: To greet; give salutation to; salute.
hail: To name; to designate; to call.
hail: To call out loudly in order to gain the attention of.
hail: To call out loudly in order to gain the attention of.
hail: To indicate, from a designated stop or otherwise, to the driver of a public transport vehicle that one wishes to board and travel on the vehicle, usually using hand signals such as waving.
hail: To signal in order to initiate communication with.
hail: In the game of uppies and downies, to throw (the ball) repeatedly up and down at the goal location, in order to score a point.
prop: To support or shore up something.
prop: To play rugby in the prop position.
prop: To position the feet of (a person) while sitting, lying down, or reclining so that the knees are elevated at a higher level.
prop: To manually start the engine of a propeller-driven aircraft with no electric starter by pulling vigorously on one of the propeller blades using the hands, so that the propeller can catch ignition.
tech: To perform a technical (a special move in fighting games that cancels out an opposing attack).
move: To change place or posture; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another.
move: To act; to take action; to begin to act
move: To change residence, for example from one house, town, or state, to another; to go and live at another place. See also move out and move in.
move: To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another
move: To transfer (a piece) from one space or position on the board to another.
move: To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence.
move: To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to tenderness or compassion, to excite (for example, an emotion).
move: To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to submit
move: To mention; to raise (a question); to suggest (a course of action); to lodge (a complaint).
move: To incite, urge (someone to do something); to solicit (someone for or of an issue); to make a proposal to.
move: To apply to, as for aid.
move: To request an action from the court.
move: To bow or salute upon meeting.
move: To sell or market (especially physical inventory or illicit drugs).
even: To make flat and level.
even: To equal or equate; to make the same.
even: To be equal.
even: To place in an equal state, as to obligation, or in a state in which nothing is due on either side; to balance, as accounts; to make quits.
even: To set right; to complete.
even: To act up to; to keep pace with.
soup: To feed: to provide with soup or a meal.
soup: To develop (film) in a (chemical) developing solution.
soup: To proselytize by feeding the impoverished as long as they listen to one's preaching.
soup: Alternative form of sup (“to sip; to take a small amount of food or drink into the mouth, especially with a spoon”).
soup: To sweep.
soup: Rare form of sup (“to take supper”).
drop: Of a liquid: to fall in drops or droplets.
drop: To fall (straight down) under the influence of gravity, like a drop of liquid.
drop: To fall or sink quickly or suddenly to the ground.
drop: To collapse in exhaustion or injury; also, to fall dead, or to fall in death.
drop: To fall into a particular condition or state.
drop: To come to an end (by not being kept up); to lapse, to stop.
drop: To decrease, diminish, or lessen in condition, degree, value, etc.
drop: Of a song or sound: to lower in key, pitch, tempo, or other quality.
drop: To decrease, diminish, or lessen in condition, degree, value, etc.
drop: Of a voice: to lower in timbre, often due to puberty.
drop: To decrease, diminish, or lessen in condition, degree, value, etc.
drop: To fall behind or to the rear of a group of people, etc., as a result of not keeping up with those at the front.
drop: Usually followed by by, in, or into: of a person: to visit someone or somewhere informally or without a prior appointment.
drop: Of a programme, software, a music album or song, etc.: to enter public distribution.
drop: To drop out of the betting.
drop: Of the testicles: to hang further away from the body and begin producing sperm due to puberty.
drop: To let drops fall; to discharge itself in drops.
drop: To drip (a liquid) in drops or small amounts.
drop: To let (something) fall; to allow (something) to fall (either by releasing hold of, or losing one's grip on).
drop: To move to a lower position; to allow to hang downwards; to lower.
drop: To quickly lower or take down (one's trousers), especially in public.
drop: To move to a lower position; to allow to hang downwards; to lower.
drop: To cook (food, especially fast food), particularly by lowering into hot oil to deep-fry, or by grilling.
drop: To move to a lower position; to allow to hang downwards; to lower.
drop: To reduce; to make smaller.
drop: Of an animal (usually a sheep): to give birth to (young); of a bird: to lay (an egg).
drop: To mention (something) casually or incidentally, usually in conversation.
drop: To let (a letter, etc.) fall into a postbox; hence, to send (a letter, email, or other message) in an offhand manner.
drop: To make (someone or something) fall to the ground from a blow, gunshot, etc.; to bring down, to shoot down.
drop: To set down (someone or something) from a vehicle; to stop and deliver or deposit (someone or something); to drop off.
drop: To lower (a sound, a voice, etc.) in pitch or volume.
drop: To lower (a sound, a voice, etc.) in pitch or volume.
drop: To tune (a guitar string, etc.) to a lower note.
drop: To cease concerning oneself over (someone or something); to have nothing more to do with (a discussion, subject, etc.).
drop: To dispose or get rid of (something); to lose, to remove.
drop: To cease to include (something), as if on a list; to dismiss, to eject, to expel.
drop: To cancel or cease to participate in (a scheduled course, event, or project).
drop: To lose, spend, or otherwise part with (money).
drop: To pass or use (counterfeit cheques, money, etc.).
drop: To impart (something).
drop: Especially in drop acid: to swallow (a drug, particularly LSD).
drop: To release (a programme, software, a music album or song, etc.) to the public.
drop: To fail to write, or (especially) to pronounce (a syllable, letter, etc.).
drop: To play (a portion of music) in the manner of a disc jockey.
drop: To perform (rap music).
drop: To (unexpectedly) lose (a competition, game, etc.).
drop: Of a fielder: to fail to dismiss (a batsman) by accidentally dropping a batted ball that had initially been caught.
drop: To score (a goal) by means of a drop kick.
drop: To cover (something) with or as if with drops, especially of a different colour; to bedrop, to variegate.
drop: To enter a more basic interface.
drop: To present (the user) with a more basic interface.
sock: To hit or strike violently; to deliver a blow to.
sock: To throw.
piss: To urinate.
piss: To discharge as or with the urine.
piss: To achieve easily.
piss: To rain heavily.
malt: To convert a cereal grain into malt by causing it to sprout (by soaking in water) and then halting germination (by drying with hot air) in order to develop enzymes that can break down starches and proteins in the grain.
malt: To become malt.
malt: To drink malt liquor.
over: To go over, or jump over.
over: To run about.
nuke: To use a nuclear weapon on a target.
nuke: To destroy or erase completely.
nuke: To carry out a denial-of-service attack against (an IRC user).
nuke: To expose to some form of radiation.
nuke: To cook in a microwave oven.
nuke: To flag a release as bad for some reason or another (for instance, due to being a duplicate of an earlier release or containing malware).
nuke: To overanalyze or despair unduly over something.
rime: To cover (something) with rime (noun sense 1 or sense 3.1) or (loosely) hoar frost.
rime: To cover (something) with a thin coating or film; to coat.
rime: Sometimes followed by up: of a thing: to become covered with rime or (loosely) hoar frost.
rime: Archaic spelling of rhyme.
rime: Followed by up: to count (something); to number, to reckon.
rime: Synonym of ream
rime: To enlarge (a hole), especially using a tool such as a reamer.
rime: Synonym of ream
rime: To remove debris from inside (something, such as a freshly bored hole or a pipe) using a tool.
rime: To dye (wool or yarn) reddish-brown by boiling or soaking in water with alder twigs.
rime: Followed by into: to probe, to pry.
lord: Domineer or act like a lord.
lord: To invest with the dignity, power, and privileges of a lord; to grant the title of lord.
whee: To make a high-pitched sound.
whee: To cry whee.
whee: To excite, to arouse, to energize.
till: To develop so as to improve or prepare for usage; to cultivate (said of knowledge, virtue, mind etc.).
till: To work or cultivate or plough (soil); to prepare for growing vegetation and crops.
till: To cultivate soil.
till: To prepare; to get.
WiFi: Alternative form of Wi-Fi
ward: To keep in safety, to watch over, to guard.
ward: To defend, to protect.
ward: To fend off, to repel, to turn aside, as anything mischievous that approaches. (usually followed by off)
ward: To be vigilant; to keep guard.
ward: To act on the defensive with a weapon.
fame: to make (someone or something) famous
tong: To use tongs.
tong: To grab, manipulate or transport something using tongs.
stub: To remove most of a tree, bush, or other rooted plant by cutting it close to the ground.
stub: To remove a plant by pulling it out by the roots.
stub: To jam, hit, or bump, especially a toe.
okay: Alternative spelling of OK
beef: To complain.
beef: To add weight or strength to.
beef: To fart; break wind.
beef: To cry.
beef: To fail or mess up.
beef: To feud or hold a grudge against.
dens: third-person singular simple present indicative of den.
corn: To granulate; to form (a substance) into grains.
corn: To preserve using coarse salt, e.g. corned beef.
corn: To provide (an animal) with corn (typically maize; or, in Scotland, oats) for feed.
corn: To render intoxicated.
corn: To shoot up with bullets as by a shotgun (corn).
yuck: To say "yuck"; to express disgust.
yuck: To vomit or gag;
yuck: fuck.
yuck: To laugh or joke.
yuck: To yank or grab.
kike: To render something more Jewish.
kike: To haggle or swindle in order to obtain a better deal from.
diet: To regulate the food of (someone); to put on a diet.
diet: To modify one's food and beverage intake so as to decrease or increase body weight or influence health.
diet: To eat; to take one's meals.
diet: To cause to take food; to feed.
slob: To move slowly or cumbersomely.
slob: To act like a slob, in a lazy or slovenly way.
slob: To slop or spatter.
slob: To drool or slobber; to talk while slobbering.
slob: To perform fellatio.
barf: To vomit.
barf: Of a system: to fail.
pace: To walk back and forth in a small distance.
pace: To set the speed in a race.
pace: To measure by walking.
bias: To place bias upon; to influence.
bias: To give a bias to.
frag: To deliberately kill (one's superior officer) with a fragmentation grenade.
frag: To hit with the explosion of a fragmentation grenade.
frag: To kill.
cede: To give up; yield to another.
cede: To give way.
wise: To become wise.
wise: Usually with "up", to inform or learn.
wise: To instruct.
wise: To advise; induce.
wise: To show the way, guide.
wise: To direct the course of, pilot.
wise: To cause to turn.
arse: To be silly, act stupid or mess around.
mart: To buy or sell in, or as in a mart.
mart: To traffic.
dike: Alternative form of dyke: to dig a ditch; to raise an earthwork; etc.
dike: To be well dressed.
hast: second-person singular simple present indicative of have
smut: To stain (or be stained) with soot or other dirt.
smut: To taint (grain, etc.) with the smut fungus.
smut: To become tainted by the smut fungus.
smut: To clear of the smut fungus.
duet: To perform a duet.
duet: To communicate (warnings, mating calls, etc.) through song.
duet: To perform (sing, play, etc.) as a duet.
duet: (of two people) To say at the same time, to chorus.
sour: To make sour.
sour: To become sour.
sour: To spoil or mar; to make disenchanted.
sour: To become disenchanted.
sour: To make (soil) cold and unproductive.
sour: To macerate (lime) and render it fit for plaster or mortar.
sour: To process (fabric) after bleaching, using hydrochloric acid or sulphuric acid to wash out the lime.
term: To phrase a certain way; to name or call.
term: To terminate one's employment
gong: To make the sound of a gong; to ring a gong.
gong: To send a signal to, using a gong or similar device.
gong: To halt (originally, a contestant in a talent show; later, a performer, a speaker).
gong: To send a signal to, using a gong or similar device.
gong: To warn.
gong: To give an award or medal to.
iced: simple past and past participle of ice
dime: To inform on, to turn in to the authorities, to rat on, especially anonymously.
dime: To operate an audio amplifier (especially an electric guitar amplifier) at level "10" (typically the highest amplification level).
jade: To fatigue, tire, or weary (someone or something).
jade: To treat (someone or something) like a jade; to spurn.
jade: To make (someone or something) contemptible and ridiculous.
wait: To delay movement or action until the arrival or occurrence of; to await. (Now generally superseded by “wait for”.)
wait: To delay movement or action until some event or time; to remain neglected or in readiness.
wait: To wait tables; to serve customers in a restaurant or other eating establishment.
wait: To attend on; to accompany; especially, to attend with ceremony or respect.
wait: To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany.
wait: To defer or postpone (especially a meal).
wait: To watch with malicious intent; to lie in wait
wait: To remain faithful to one’s partner or betrothed during a prolonged period of absence.
fons: third-person singular simple present indicative of fon
dirt: To make foul or filthy; soil; befoul; dirty
wade: to walk through water or something that impedes progress.
wade: to progress with difficulty
wade: to walk through (water or similar impediment); to pass through by wading
wade: To enter recklessly.
aahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of aah
flan: To splay or bevel internally, as a window-pane.
dent: To impact something, producing a dent.
dent: To develop a dent or dents.
dine: To eat; to eat dinner or supper.
dine: To give a dinner to; to furnish with the chief meal; to feed.
dine: To dine upon; to have to eat.
bane: To kill, especially by poison; to be the poison of.
bane: To be the bane of.
cage: To confine in a cage; to put into and keep in a cage.
cage: To restrict someone's movement or creativity.
cage: To immobilize an artificial horizon.
cage: To track individual responses to direct mail, either (advertising) to maintain and develop mailing lists or (politics) to identify people who are not eligible to vote because they do not reside at the registered addresses.
damn: To condemn to hell.
damn: To condemn; to declare guilty; to doom; to adjudge to punishment.
damn: To put out of favor; to ruin; to label negatively.
damn: To condemn as unfit, harmful, invalid, immoral or illegal.
damn: To curse; put a curse upon.
damn: To invoke damnation; to curse.
goof: To make a mistake.
goof: To engage in mischief.
vice: Alternative spelling of vise (“to hold or squeeze with a vice”)
stan: To act as a stan (for); to be an obsessive fan (of).
reed: To thatch.
reed: To mill or mint with reeding.
reed: simple past and past participle of ree
wave: To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.
wave: To move one’s hand back and forth (generally above the shoulders) in greeting or departure.
wave: To call attention to, or give a direction or command to, by a waving motion, as of the hand; to signify by waving; to beckon; to signal; to indicate.
wave: To have an undulating or wavy form.
wave: To raise into inequalities of surface; to give an undulating form or surface to.
wave: To produce waves to the hair.
wave: To swing and miss at a pitch.
wave: To cause to move back and forth repeatedly.
wave: To signal (someone or something) with a waving movement.
wave: To fluctuate; to waver; to be in an unsettled state.
wave: To move like a wave, or by floating; to waft.
wave: To generate a wave.
wave: Obsolete spelling of waive
fund: To pay or provide money for.
fund: To place (money) in a fund.
fund: To form a debt into a stock charged with interest.
fold: To bend (any thin material, such as paper) over so that it comes in contact with itself.
fold: To make the proper arrangement (in a thin material) by bending.
fold: To draw or coil (one’s arms, a snake’s body, etc.) around something so as to enclose or embrace it.
fold: To stir (semisolid ingredients) gently, with an action as if folding over a solid.
fold: To become folded; to form folds.
fold: To fall over; to collapse or give way; to be crushed.
fold: To give way on a point or in an argument.
fold: To withdraw from betting.
fold: To withdraw or quit in general.
fold: To fail, to collapse, to disband.
fold: Of a company, to cease to trade.
fold: To double or lay together (one’s arms, hands, wings, etc.) so as to overlap with each other.
fold: To plait or mat (hair) together.
fold: To enclose in a fold of material, to swathe, wrap up, cover, enwrap.
fold: To enclose within folded arms, to clasp, to embrace (see also enfold).
fold: To cover up, to conceal.
fold: To ensnare, to capture.
fold: To confine (animals) in a fold, to pen in.
fold: To include in a spiritual ‘flock’ or group of the saved, etc.
fold: To place sheep on (a piece of land) in order to manure it.
crop: To remove the top end of something, especially a plant.
crop: To mow, reap or gather.
crop: To cut (especially hair or an animal's tail or ears) short.
crop: To remove the outer parts of a photograph or other image, typically in order to frame the subject better.
crop: To yield harvest.
crop: To cause to bear a crop.
crop: To beat with a crop, or riding-whip.
moot: To bring up as a subject for debate, to propose.
moot: To discuss or debate.
moot: To make or declare irrelevant.
moot: To argue or plead in a supposed case.
moot: To talk or speak.
moot: To say, utter, also insinuate.
moot: To take root and begin to grow.
moot: To turn up soil or dig up roots, especially an animal with a snout.
conk: To hit, especially on the head.
conk: To chemically straighten tightly curled hair.
conk: To fail or show signs of failing, cease operating, break down.
conk: To become unconscious.
bowl: To roll or throw (a ball) in the correct manner in cricket and similar games and sports.
bowl: To throw the ball (in cricket and similar games and sports).
bowl: To play bowling or a similar game.
bowl: To roll or carry smoothly on, or as on, wheels.
bowl: To pelt or strike with anything rolled.
calm: To make calm.
calm: To become calm.
gaff: To use a gaff, especially to land a fish.
gaff: To cheat or hoax.
gaff: To doctor or modify for deceptive purposes.
gaff: To gamble, especially by tossing coins.
gaff: To affix gaffer tape to, or cover with gaffer tape.
tour: To make a journey
tour: To make a circuit of a place
tour: To toot a horn.
keck: To heave or retch as if to vomit.
rote: To go out by rotation or succession; to rotate.
rote: To learn or repeat by rote.
flay: To cause to fly; put to flight; drive off (by frightening).
flay: To frighten; scare; terrify.
flay: To be fear-stricken.
flay: To strip the skin off; to skin.
flay: To lash or whip.
pick: To grasp and pull with the fingers or fingernails.
pick: To harvest a fruit or vegetable for consumption by removing it from the plant to which it is attached; to harvest an entire plant by removing it from the ground.
pick: To pull apart or away, especially with the fingers; to pluck.
pick: To take up; especially, to gather from here and there; to collect; to bring together.
pick: To remove something from somewhere with a pointed instrument, with the fingers, or with the teeth.
pick: To decide upon, from a set of options; to select.
pick: To seek (a fight or quarrel) where the opportunity arises.
pick: To recognise the type of ball being bowled by a bowler by studying the position of the hand and arm as the ball is released.
pick: To pluck the individual strings of a musical instrument or to play such an instrument.
pick: To open (a lock) with a wire, lock pick, etc.
pick: To eat slowly, sparingly, or by morsels; to nibble.
pick: To do anything fastidiously or carefully, or by attending to small things; to select something with care.
pick: To steal; to pilfer.
pick: To throw; to pitch.
pick: To peck at, as a bird with its beak; to strike at with anything pointed; to act upon with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to prick, as with a pin.
pick: To separate or open by means of a sharp point or points.
pick: To screen.
pick: To intercept a pass from the offense as a defensive player.
coup: To make a coup.
perv: To stare at others in a perverted manner, especially whilst thinking sexual thoughts about them.
quob: To throb; to quiver.
hate: To dislike intensely or greatly.
hate: To experience hatred.
hate: Used in a phrasal verb: hate on.
earn: To gain (success, reward, recognition) through applied effort or work.
earn: To receive payment for work.
earn: To receive payment for work.
earn: To cause (someone) to receive payment or reward.
earn: To achieve by being worthy of.
earn: To curdle (milk), especially in the cheesemaking process.
earn: Of milk: to curdle, espcially in the cheesemaking process.
earn: To strongly long or yearn (for something or to do something).
earn: To grieve.
rule: To regulate, be in charge of, make decisions for, reign over.
rule: To excel.
rule: To decide judicially.
rule: To establish or settle by, or as by, a rule; to fix by universal or general consent, or by common practice.
rule: To mark (paper or the like) with rules (lines).
rule: To revel.
ayme: Obsolete form of aim.
pact: To form a pact; to agree formally.
pert: To behave with pertness; to misbehave.
cack: To squawk.
cack: To incorrectly play a note by hitting a partial other than the one intended.
cack: To defecate.
cack: To defecate (on); to shit.
cack: To kill.
cack: To laugh.
dude: To address someone as dude.
dude: To take a vacation in a dude ranch.
dude: Usually followed by up: to dress up, to wear smart or special clothes.
avel: To pull away.
ciel: Alternative form of ceil
pang: To cause to have great pain or suffering; to torment, to torture.
pang: simple past of ping
pant: To breathe quickly or in a labored manner, as after exertion or from eagerness or excitement; to respire with heaving of the breast; to gasp.
pant: To long eagerly; to desire earnestly.
pant: To long for (something); to be eager for (something).
pant: Of the heart, to beat with unnatural violence or rapidity; to palpitate.
pant: To sigh; to flutter; to languish.
pant: To heave, as the breast.
pant: To bulge and shrink successively, of iron hulls, etc.
quay: To land or tie up at a quay or similar structure, especially used in the phrase "quay up".
gate: To keep something inside by means of a closed gate.
gate: To punish, especially a child or teenager, by not allowing them to go out.
gate: To open a closed ion channel.
gate: To furnish with a gate.
gate: To turn (an image intensifier) on and off selectively as needed, or to avoid damage from excessive light exposure. See autogating.
bake: To cook (something) in an oven (for someone).
bake: To be cooked in an oven.
bake: To be warmed to drying and hardening.
bake: To dry by heat.
bake: To be hot.
bake: To cause to be hot.
bake: To smoke marijuana.
bake: To harden by cold.
bake: To fix (lighting, reflections, etc.) as part of the texture of an object to improve rendering performance.
bake: To incorporate into something greater.
yode: simple past of go; went.
lurk: To remain concealed in order to ambush.
lurk: To remain unobserved.
lurk: To hang out or wait around a location, preferably without drawing attention to oneself.
lurk: To read an Internet forum without posting comments or making one's presence apparent.
lurk: To saddle (a person) with an undesirable task or duty.
hurl: To throw (something) with force.
hurl: To utter (harsh or derogatory speech), especially at its target.
hurl: To participate in the sport of hurling.
hurl: To vomit.
hurl: To twist or turn.
hurl: To move rapidly with a noise; to whirl.
hurl: To convey in a wheeled vehicle.
puke: To vomit; to throw up; to eject from the stomach.
puke: To sell securities or investments at a loss, often under duress or pressure, in order to satisfy liquidity or margin requirements, or out of a desire to exit a deteriorating market.
hoax: To deceive (someone) by making them believe something that has been maliciously or mischievously fabricated.
mese: To moderate; subdue; abate; mollify.
mace: To hit someone or something with a mace.
mace: To spray in defense or attack with mace (pepper spray or tear gas) using a hand-held device.
mace: To spray a similar noxious chemical in defense or attack using an available hand-held device such as an aerosol spray can.
poof: To vanish or disappear.
poof: To break wind; to fart.
dope: To affect with drugs.
dope: To treat with dope (lubricant, etc.).
dope: To add a dopant such as arsenic to (a pure semiconductor such as silicon).
dope: To use drugs; especially, to use prohibited performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) in sporting competitions.
dope: To judge or guess; to predict the result of.
kiki: To meet with friends without any agenda or goals.
pimp: To act as a procurer of prostitutes; to pander.
pimp: To prostitute someone.
pimp: To excessively customize something, especially a vehicle (also pimp out).
pimp: To ask progressively harder and ultimately unanswerable questions of a resident or medical student (said of a senior member of the medical staff).
pimp: To promote, to tout.
pimp: To persuade, smooth talk or trick another into doing something for your benefit.
lair: To rest; to dwell.
lair: To lay down.
lair: To bury.
lair: To mire.
lair: To become mired.
like: To enjoy, be pleased by; favor; be in favor of.
like: To please.
like: To derive pleasure of, by or with someone or something.
like: To prefer and maintain (an action) as a regular habit or activity.
like: To have an appearance or expression; to look; to seem to be (in a specified condition).
like: To come near; to avoid with difficulty; to escape narrowly.
like: To find attractive; to prefer the company of; to have mild romantic feelings for.
like: To liken; to compare.
like: To show support for, or approval of, something posted on the Internet by marking it with a vote.
like: To want, desire. See also would like.
like: Of inanimate objects:
like: To be prone to.
like: Of inanimate objects:
like: Of a computer or other system: to tolerate as an input; to accept.
like: To be likely.
page: To mark or number the pages of, as a book or manuscript.
page: To turn several pages of a publication.
page: To furnish with folios.
page: To attend (someone) as a page.
page: To call or summon (someone).
page: To contact (someone) by means of a pager or other mobile device.
page: To call (somebody) using a public address system to find them.
math: to perform mathematical calculations or mathematical analysis; to do math
nigh: to draw nigh (to); to approach; to come near
taxi: To move an aircraft on the ground under its own power.
taxi: To travel by taxicab.
fade: To hit the ball with the shot called a fade.
fade: To grow weak; to lose strength; to decay; to perish gradually; to wither, as a plant.
fade: To lose freshness, color, or brightness; to become faint in hue or tint; hence, to be wanting in color.
fade: To sink away; to disappear gradually; to grow dim; to vanish.
fade: To cause to fade.
fade: To bet against (someone).
joke: To do or say something for amusement rather than seriously.
joke: To dupe in a friendly manner for amusement; to mess with, play with.
joke: To make merry with; to make jokes upon; to rally.
past: simple past and past participle of pass
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To make a pack of; to arrange closely and securely in a pack; hence, to place and arrange compactly as in a pack
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To fill in the manner of a pack, that is, compactly and securely, as for transportation; hence, to fill closely or to repletion; to stow away within; to cause to be full; to crowd into.
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To wrap in a wet or dry sheet, within numerous coverings.
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To make impervious, such as by filling or surrounding with suitable material, or to fit or adjust so as to move without allowing air, water, or steam inside.
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To make up packs, bales, or bundles; to stow articles securely for transportation.
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To form a compact mass, especially in order for transportation.
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To gather together in flocks, herds, schools or similar groups of animals.
pack: To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.
pack: To combine (telegraph messages) in order to send them more cheaply as a single transmission.
pack: To cheat.
pack: To sort and arrange (the cards) in the pack to give oneself an unfair advantage
pack: To cheat.
pack: To bring together or make up unfairly, in order to secure a certain result.
pack: To cheat.
pack: To contrive unfairly or fraudulently; to plot.
pack: To cheat.
pack: To put together for morally wrong purposes; to join in cahoots.
pack: To load with a pack
pack: to load; to encumber.
pack: To move, send or carry.
pack: To cause to go; to send away with baggage or belongings; especially, to send away peremptorily or suddenly; – sometimes with off. See pack off.
pack: To move, send or carry.
pack: To transport in a pack, or in the manner of a pack (on the backs of men or animals).
pack: To move, send or carry.
pack: To depart in haste; – generally with off or away.
pack: To move, send or carry.
pack: To carry weapons, especially firearms, on one's person.
pack: To move, send or carry.
pack: To wear an object, such as a prosthetic penis, inside one’s trousers to appear more male or masculine.
pack: To block a shot, especially in basketball.
pack: To play together cohesively, specially with reference to their technique in the scrum.
pile: To lay or throw into a pile or heap; to heap up; to collect into a mass; to accumulate
pile: To cover with heaps; or in great abundance; to fill or overfill; to load.
pile: To add something to a great number.
pile: (of vehicles) To create a hold-up.
pile: To place (guns, muskets, etc.) together in threes so that they can stand upright, supporting each other.
pile: To drive piles into; to fill with piles; to strengthen with piles.
pile: To give a pile to; to make shaggy.
geek: To behave geekishly or in a socially awkward manner, especially when under the influence of drugs or other psycho-active substances, and exhibiting such marked characteristics as hyperactivity, repetitiveness, talkativeness, nervousness, irritability, or paranoia.
geek: To enthusiastically engage in or discuss geek-like interests.
geek: To look; to peep; to stare about intently.
daff: To be foolish; make sport; play; toy.
daff: To daunt.
daff: To toss (aside); to dismiss.
daff: To turn (someone) aside; divert.
hoof: To trample with hooves.
hoof: To walk.
hoof: To dance, especially as a professional.
hoof: (colloquial, football (soccer), transitive) To kick, especially to kick a football a long way downfield with little accuracy.
hoof: To kick, especially to kick a football a long way downfield with little accuracy.
beep: To sound (something that makes a beep).
beep: To have sexual intercourse with - referring to the bleep tone used to censor obscene words in broadcasts
beep: To produce a beep.
beep: To contact (someone via) a pager device.
beep: To telephone a person, only allowing the phone to ring once, in order to request a call back.
aver: To assert the truth of (something); to affirm (something) with confidence; to declare (something) in a positive manner.
aver: To justify or prove (an allegation or plea that one has made).
aver: To avouch, prove, or verify the existence or happening of (something), or to offer to do so.
fine: To make finer, purer, or cleaner; to purify or clarify.
fine: To become finer, purer, or cleaner.
fine: To make finer, or less coarse, as in bulk, texture, etc.
fine: To change by fine gradations.
fine: To clarify (wine and beer) by filtration.
fine: To become gradually fine; to diminish; to dwindle (with away, down, or off).
fine: To issue a fine as punishment to (someone).
fine: To pay a fine.
fine: To finish; to cease.
fine: To cause to cease; to stop.
silo: To store in a silo.
silo: To separate; to isolate.
jazz: To destroy; to ruin.
jazz: To play (jazz music).
jazz: To dance to the tunes of jazz music.
jazz: To enliven, brighten up, make more colourful or exciting.
jazz: To complicate.
jazz: To have sex for money, to prostitute oneself.
jazz: To move (around/about) in a lively or frivolous manner; to fool around.
jazz: To distract or pester.
jazz: To ejaculate.
lank: To become lank.
beak: To strike with the beak.
beak: To seize with the beak.
beak: To play truant.
mute: To silence, to make quiet.
mute: To turn off the sound of.
mute: Of a bird: to defecate.
mute: To cast off; to moult.
park: To bring (something such as a vehicle) to a halt or store in a specified place.
park: To defer (a matter) until a later date.
park: To bring together in a park, or compact body.
park: To enclose in a park, or as in a park.
park: To hit a home run; to hit the ball out of the park.
park: To engage in romantic or sexual activities inside a nonmoving vehicle that was driven to a suitable spot for that purpose.
park: To sit, recline, or put, especially in a manner suggesting an intent to remain for some time.
park: To invest money temporarily in an investment instrument considered to relatively free of risk, especially while awaiting other opportunities.
park: To register a domain name, but make no use of it (See domain parking)
park: To enclose in a park, or partially enclosed basin.
park: To promenade or drive in a park.
park: To display style or gait on a park drive.
puck: To hit, strike.
smeg: To mess up.
golf: To play the game of golf.
golf: To write something in as few characters as possible (e.g. in code golf, regex golf)
hill: To form into a heap or mound.
hill: To heap or draw earth around plants.
fowl: To hunt fowl.
sate: To satisfy the appetite or desire of; to fill up.
sate: simple past of sit
keel: to collapse, to fall
keel: To traverse with a keel; to navigate.
keel: To turn up the keel; to show the bottom.
keel: To cool; make cool; to cool by stirring or skimming in order to keep from boiling over.
keel: To moderate the ardour or intensity of; assuage; to appease, pacify, or lessen.
keel: To become cool; cool down.
keel: To mark with ruddle.
keel: Pronunciation spelling of kill.
lace: To fasten (something) with laces.
lace: To interweave items.
lace: To interweave the spokes of a bicycle wheel.
lace: To beat; to lash; to make stripes on.
lace: To adorn with narrow strips or braids of some decorative material.
lace: To intersperse or diversify with something.
lace: To add alcohol, poison, a drug or anything else potentially harmful to (food or drink).
camp: To live in a tent or similar temporary accommodation.
camp: To set up a camp.
camp: To afford rest or lodging for.
camp: To stay in an advantageous location.
camp: To stay beside (something) to gain an advantage.
camp: Short for corpse camp.
camp: To fight; contend in battle or in any kind of contest; to strive with others in doing anything; compete.
camp: To wrangle; argue.
fang: To strike or attack with the fangs.
fang: To enable to catch or tear; to furnish with fangs.
fang: To catch, capture; seize.
fang: To take; receive with assent; accept.
fang: To receive with hospitality.
fang: To receive.
fang: To receive or adopt into spiritual relation, as in baptism; be godfather or godmother to.
fang: To supply (a pump) with the water necessary for it to operate.
fang: To drive, ride, etc. at high speed or recklessly.
plat: To create a plat; to lay out property lots and streets; to map.
plat: To braid, to plait.
dang: Damn.
dang: simple past of ding
dang: To dash.
cave: To surrender.
cave: To collapse.
cave: To hollow out or undermine.
cave: To engage in the recreational exploration of caves.
cave: In room-and-pillar mining, to extract a deposit of rock by breaking down a pillar which had been holding it in place.
cave: To work over tailings to dress small pieces of marketable ore.
cave: To dwell in a cave.
deaf: To deafen.
slut: To wear slutty clothing or makeup, or otherwise behave in a slutty manner.
slut: To visit places frequented by men, with the intention of engaging in sexual intercourse by means of flirting.
dock: To cut off a section of an animal's tail, to practise a caudectomy.
dock: To reduce (wages); to deduct from.
dock: To cut off, bar, or destroy.
dock: To land at a harbour.
dock: To join two moving items.
dock: To move a spaceship into its dock/berth under its own power.
dock: To engage in the sexual practice of docking (where the tip of one participant's penis is inserted into the foreskin of the other participant).
dock: To drag a user interface element (such as a toolbar) to a position on screen where it snaps into place.
dock: To place (an electronic device) in its dock.
dock: To pierce with holes, as pricking pastry or dough with a fork to prevent excessive rising in the oven.
bean: To hit deliberately with a projectile, especially in the head.
rare: To rear, rise up, start backwards.
rare: To rear, bring up, raise.
nest: To build or settle into a nest.
nest: To settle into a home.
nest: To successively neatly fit inside another.
nest: To place in, or as if in, a nest.
nest: To place one thing neatly inside another, and both inside yet another (and so on).
nest: To hunt for birds' nests or their contents (usually "go nesting").
yell: To shout; holler; make a loud sound with the voice.
yell: To convey by shouting.
yell: To tell someone off in a loud and angry manner.
foil: To cover or wrap with foil.
foil: Clipping of hydrofoil.
foil: To prevent (something) from being accomplished.
foil: To prevent (someone) from accomplishing something.
foil: To blunt; to dull; to spoil.
foil: To tread underfoot; to trample.
foil: To expand a product of two or more algebraic expressions, typically binomials.
foil: To defile; to soil.
obey: To do as ordered by (a person, institution etc), to act according to the bidding of.
obey: To do as one is told.
obey: To be obedient, compliant (to a given law, restriction etc.).
grip: To take hold of, particularly with the hand.
grip: Of an emotion or situation: to have a strong effect upon.
grip: To firmly hold the attention of.
grip: To trench; to drain.
sack: To put in a sack or sacks.
sack: To bear or carry in a sack upon the back or the shoulders.
sack: To plunder or pillage, especially after capture; to obtain spoils of war from.
sack: To tackle the quarterback behind the line of scrimmage, especially before he is able to throw a pass.
sack: To discharge from a job or position; to fire.
sack: Alternative spelling of sac (“sacrifice”)
pork: To have sex with (someone).
vend: Synonym of sell, now especially to sell through a vending machine.
vend: To provide or export functionality, especially from an API.
tame: To make (an animal) tame; to domesticate.
tame: To become tame or domesticated.
tame: To make gentle or meek.
tame: To broach or enter upon; to taste, as a liquor; to divide; to distribute; to deal out.
dose: To administer a dose to.
dose: To prescribe a dose.
dose: To transmit a venereal disease.
dose: Archaic form of doze.
crab: To fish for crabs.
crab: To ruin.
crab: To complain.
crab: To complain about.
crab: To drift or move sideways or to leeward (by analogy with the movement of a crab).
crab: To move in a manner that involves keeping low and clinging to surfaces.
crab: To navigate (an aircraft, e.g. a glider) sideways against an air current in order to maintain a straight-line course.
crab: To move (a camera) sideways.
crab: , to fly slightly off the straight-line course towards an enemy aircraft, as the machine guns on early aircraft did not allow firing through the propeller disk.
crab: to fly slightly off the straight-line course towards an enemy aircraft, as the machine guns on early aircraft did not allow firing through the propeller disk.
crab: To back out of something.
crab: To irritate, make surly or sour
crab: To be ill-tempered; to complain or find fault.
crab: To cudgel or beat, as with a crabstick
herd: To unite or associate in a herd; to feed or run together, or in company.
herd: To unite or associate in a herd
herd: To manage, care for or guard a herd
herd: To associate; to ally oneself with, or place oneself among, a group or company.
herd: To move, or be moved, in a group. (of both animals and people)
herd: To act as a herdsman or a shepherd.
herd: To form or put into a herd.
herd: To move or drive a herd.
plow: Alternative spelling of plough
loaf: To headbutt
loaf: To be in catloaf position (for cats or other animals)
loaf: To do nothing, to be idle.
foam: To form or emit foam.
foam: To spew saliva as foam; to foam at the mouth.
foam: To coat or cover with foam.
seat: To put an object into a place where it will rest; to fix; to set firm.
seat: To provide with a place to sit.
seat: To request or direct one or more persons to sit.
seat: To recognize the standing of a person or persons by providing them with one or more seats which would allow them to participate fully in a meeting or session.
seat: To assign the seats of.
seat: To cause to occupy a post, site, or situation; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle.
seat: To rest; to lie down.
seat: To settle; to plant with inhabitants.
seat: To put a seat or bottom in.
slot: To bar, bolt or lock a door or window.
slot: To shut with violence; to slam.
slot: To put something (such as a coin) into a slot (narrow aperture)
slot: To assign something or someone into a slot (gap in a schedule or sequence)
slot: To create a slot (narrow aperture or groove), as for example by cutting or machining.
slot: To put something where it belongs.
slot: To kill.
slot: To fall, or cause to fall, into a crevasse.
slot: To kick the ball between the posts for a goal; to score a goal by doing this.
toke: To give a gratuity to.
toke: To smoke marijuana.
toke: To inhale a puff of marijuana
tush: To express contempt; rebuke.
tush: To pull or drag a heavy object such as a tree or log.
heal: To make better from a disease, wound, etc.; to revive or cure.
heal: To become better or healthy again.
heal: To reconcile, as a breach or difference; to make whole; to free from guilt.
heal: Alternative form of hele (“conceal”).
garb: To dress in garb.
gist: To extract and present the main ideas or substance, or the most essential parts of (a document, piece of writing, etc.); to abridge, to summarize.
gist: To talk idly; chat; also, to gossip.
pule: To whimper or whine.
pule: To pipe or chirp.
lath: to cover or line with laths
pine: To languish; to lose flesh or wear away through distress.
pine: To long, to yearn so much that it causes suffering.
pine: To grieve or mourn for.
pine: To inflict pain upon; to torment.
busk: To solicit money by entertaining the public in the street or in public transport.
busk: To sell articles such as obscene books in public houses etc.
busk: To tack, cruise about.
busk: To prepare; to make ready; to array; to dress.
busk: To go; to direct one's course.
pote: To push, thrust.
pote: To poke (with a stick etc.).
spur: To prod (especially a horse) on the side or flank, with the intent to urge motion or haste, to gig.
spur: To urge or encourage to action, or to a more vigorous pursuit of an object
spur: To put spurs on.
spur: To press forward; to travel in great haste.
spur: To form a spur (senses 17-18 of the noun)
spur: Alternative form of speer.
flop: To fall heavily due to lack of energy.
flop: To cause to drop heavily.
flop: To fail completely; not to be successful at all (of a movie, play, book, song etc.).
flop: To pretend to be fouled in sports, such as basketball, hockey (the same as to dive in soccer)
flop: To strike about with something broad and flat, as a fish with its tail, or a bird with its wings; to rise and fall; to flap.
flop: To have (a hand) using the community cards dealt on the flop.
flop: To stay, sleep or live in a place.
flop: To flip; to reverse (an image).
flop: To deny someone parole.
silk: To remove the silk from (corn).
yelm: To prepare straw for use as thatch.
soap: To apply soap to in washing.
soap: To cover, lather or in any other form treat with soap, often as a prank.
soap: To be discreet about (a topic).
soap: To flatter; to wheedle.
barm: To spurge; foam
rank: To place abreast, or in a line.
rank: To have a ranking.
rank: To assign a suitable place in a class or order; to classify.
rank: To take rank of; to outrank.
load: To put a load on or in (a means of conveyance or a place of storage).
load: To place in or on a conveyance or a place of storage.
load: To put a load on something.
load: To receive a load.
load: To be placed into storage or conveyance.
load: To fill (a firearm or artillery) with munition.
load: To insert (an item or items) into an apparatus so as to ready it for operation, such as a reel of film into a camera, sheets of paper into a printer etc.
load: To fill (an apparatus) with raw material.
load: To be put into use in an apparatus.
load: To read (data or a program) from a storage medium into computer memory.
load: To transfer from a storage medium into computer memory.
load: To put runners on first, second and third bases
load: To tamper with so as to produce a biased outcome.
load: To ask or adapt a question so that it will be more likely to be answered in a certain way.
load: To encumber with something negative, to place as an encumbrance.
load: To provide in abundance.
load: To weight (a cane, whip, etc.) with lead or similar.
load: To adulterate or drug.
load: To magnetize.
load: to top up or purchase phone credits
kite: To cause (something) to move upwards rapidly like a toy kite; also (chiefly US, figuratively) to cause (something, such as costs) to increase rapidly.
kite: To tamper with a document or record by increasing the quantity of something beyond its proper amount so that the difference may be unlawfully retained; in particular, to alter a medical prescription for this purpose by increasing the number of pills or other items.
kite: To keep ahead of (an enemy) in order to attack repeatedly from a distance, without exposing oneself to danger.
kite: To (cause to) glide in the manner of a kite (“bird”).
kite: To manipulate like a toy kite; also, usually preceded by an inflection of go: to fly a toy kite.
kite: To write or present (a cheque) on an account with insufficient funds, either to defraud or expecting that funds will become available by the time the cheque clears.
kite: To steal.
kite: To travel by kite, as when kitesurfing.
kite: To move rapidly; to rush.
kite: To deflect sideways in the water.
kite: To pass a (usually concealed) letter or oral message, especially illegally into, within, or out of a prison.
hope: To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
hope: To be optimistic; be full of hope; have hopes.
hope: To place confidence; to trust with confident expectation of good; usually followed by in.
hope: To wish.
gaol: Dated spelling of jail.
rack: To place in or hang on a rack.
rack: To torture (someone) on the rack.
rack: To cause (someone) to suffer pain.
rack: To stretch or strain; to harass, or oppress by extortion.
rack: To put the balls into the triangular rack and set them in place on the table.
rack: To strike in the testicles.
rack: To (manually) load (a round of ammunition) from the magazine or belt into firing position in an automatic or semiautomatic firearm.
rack: To move the slide bar on a shotgun in order to chamber the next round.
rack: To wash (metals, ore, etc.) on a rack.
rack: To bind together, as two ropes, with cross turns of yarn, marline, etc.
rack: To tend to shear a structure (that is, force it to bend, lean, or move in different directions at different points).
rack: To drive; move; go forward rapidly; stir.
rack: To fly, as vapour or broken clouds.
rack: To clarify, and thereby deter further fermentation of, beer, wine or cider by draining or siphoning it from the dregs.
rack: To amble fast, causing a rocking or swaying motion of the body; to pace.
cure: To restore to health.
cure: To bring (a disease or its bad effects) to an end.
cure: To cause to be rid of (a defect).
cure: To prepare or alter especially by chemical or physical processing for keeping or use.
cure: To preserve (food), typically by salting.
cure: To bring about a cure of any kind.
cure: To be undergoing a chemical or physical process for preservation or use.
cure: To solidify or gel.
cure: To become healed.
cure: To pay heed; to care; to give attention.
scar: To mark the skin permanently.
scar: To form a scar.
scar: To affect deeply in a traumatic manner.
scab: To become covered by a scab or scabs.
scab: To form into scabs and be shed, as damaged or diseased skin.
scab: To remove part of a surface (from).
scab: To act as a strikebreaker.
scab: To beg (for), to cadge or bum.
rest: To cease from action, motion, work, or performance of any kind; stop; desist; be without motion.
rest: To come to a pause or an end; end.
rest: To be free from that which harasses or disturbs; be quiet or still; be undisturbed.
rest: To be or to put into a state of rest.
rest: To stay, remain, be situated.
rest: To lean, lie, or lay.
rest: To complete one's active advocacy in a trial or other proceeding, and thus to wait for the outcome (however, one is still generally available to answer questions, etc.)
rest: To sleep; slumber.
rest: To lie dormant.
rest: To sleep the final sleep; sleep in death; die; be dead.
rest: To rely or depend on.
rest: To be satisfied; to acquiesce.
rest: To continue to be, remain, be left in a certain way.
rest: To keep a certain way.
rest: To arrest.
spay: To remove or destroy the ovaries and/or uterus (of a female animal) so that she cannot become pregnant.
spay: Alternative form of spae (to foretell or divine)
wast: second-person singular simple past indicative of be; wert.
wees: third-person singular simple present indicative of wee
ease: To free (something) from pain, worry, agitation, etc.
ease: To alleviate, assuage or lessen (pain).
ease: To give respite to (someone).
ease: To loosen or slacken the tension on a line.
ease: To reduce the difficulty of (something).
ease: To move (something) slowly and carefully.
ease: To lessen in intensity.
ease: To proceed with little effort.
oink: Of a pig or in imitation thereof, to make its characteristic sound.
jail: To imprison.
wert: second-person singular simple past indicative of be
wert: second-person singular simple past subjunctive of be
deed: To transfer real property by deed.
zest: To scrape the zest from a fruit.
zest: To make more zesty.
barb: To furnish with barbs, or with that which will hold or hurt like barbs, as an arrow, fishhook, spear, etc.
barb: To cut (hair).
barb: To shave or dress the beard of.
barb: To clip; to mow.
barb: To cover a horse in armor.
plot: To conceive (a crime, misdeed etc).
plot: To trace out (a graph or diagram).
plot: To mark (a point on a graph, chart, etc).
tarp: To cover something with a tarpaulin.
guys: third-person singular simple present indicative of guy
vest: To clothe with, or as with, a vestment, or garment; to dress; to robe; to cover, surround, or encompass closely.
vest: To clothe with authority, power, etc.; to put in possession; to invest; to furnish; to endow; followed by with and the thing conferred.
vest: To place or give into the possession or discretion of some person or authority; to commit to another; with in before the possessor.
vest: To clothe with possession; also, to give a person an immediate fixed right of present or future enjoyment of.
vest: (of an inheritance or a trust fund) To devolve upon the person currently entitled when a prior interest has ended.
vest: To become vested, to become permanent.
vest: To invest; to put.
wrap: To enclose (an object) completely in any flexible, thin material such as fabric or paper.
wrap: To enclose or coil around an object or organism, as a form of grasping.
wrap: To conceal by enveloping or enfolding; to hide.
wrap: To finish shooting (filming) a video, television show, or movie.
wrap: To break a continuous line (of text) onto the next line
wrap: To make functionality available through a software wrapper.
wrap: To (cause to) reset to an original value after passing a maximum.
twat: To hit, slap.
lush: To drink (liquor) to excess.
blag: To obtain (something) through armed robbery or robbery involving violence, or theft; to rob; to steal.
blag: To obtain (something) for free, particularly by guile or persuasion.
blag: To obtain (something) for free, particularly by guile or persuasion.
blag: To obtain (confidential information) by impersonation or other deception; also, to deceive (someone) into disclosing confidential information.
blag: To obtain (something desired), or avoid (something undesired), through improvisation or luck; to fluke, to get away with.
blag: To use guile or persuasion on (someone); also, to deceive or perpetrate a hoax on (someone).
blag: To meet and seduce (someone) for romantic purposes, especially in a social situation; to pick up.
blag: To speak persuasively or with guile to obtain something.
bard: To cover a horse in defensive armor.
bard: To cover (meat or game) with a thin slice of fat bacon.
seal: To hunt seals.
seal: To place a seal on (a document).
seal: To mark with a stamp, as an evidence of standard exactness, legal size, or merchantable quality.
seal: To fasten (something) so that it cannot be opened without visible damage.
seal: To prevent people or vehicles from crossing (something).
seal: To close securely to prevent leakage.
seal: To place in a sealed container.
seal: To place a notation of one's next move in a sealed envelope to be opened after an adjournment.
seal: To guarantee.
seal: To fix, as a piece of iron in a wall, with cement or plaster, etc.
seal: To close by means of a seal.
seal: To bind eternally as family members.
seal: To form a sacred commitment.
seal: To fry (meat) at a high temperature to retain the juices.
seal: To tie up animals (especially cattle) in their stalls.
loot: Synonym of plunder, to seize by violence particularly during the capture of a city during war or (video games) after successful combat.
loot: Synonym of rob, to steal something from someone by violence or threat of violence.
omit: To leave out or exclude.
omit: To fail to perform.
omit: To delete or remove; to strike.
omit: To neglect or take no notice of.
boil: To heat to the point where it begins to turn into a gas.
boil: To cook in boiling water.
boil: To begin to turn into a gas, seethe.
boil: To bring to a boil, to heat so as to cause the contents to boil.
boil: To be uncomfortably hot.
boil: To feel uncomfortably hot.
boil: To form, or separate, by boiling or evaporation.
boil: To steep or soak in warm water.
boil: To be agitated like boiling water; to bubble; to effervesce.
boil: To be moved or excited with passion; to be hot or fervid.
lute: To play on a lute, or as if on a lute.
lute: To fix or fasten something with lute.
mist: To form mist.
mist: To spray fine droplets on, particularly of water.
mist: To cover with a mist.
mist: To be covered by tears.
mist: To disperse into a mist, accompanying operation of equipment at high speeds.
mist: past of miss
tray: to place (items) on a tray
tray: to slide down a snow-covered hill on a tray from a cafeteria.
tray: to grieve; to annoy
tray: to betray
curt: To cut, cut short, shorten.
butt: To join at the butt, end, or outward extremity; to terminate; to be bounded; to abut.
butt: To strike bluntly, particularly with the head.
butt: To strike bluntly with the head.
butt: To cut in line (in front of someone).
sign: To make a mark
sign: To seal (a document etc.) with an identifying seal or symbol.
sign: To make a mark
sign: To mark, to put or leave a mark on.
sign: To make a mark
sign: To validate or ratify (a document) by writing one's signature on it.
sign: To make a mark
sign: More generally, to write one's signature on (something) as a means of identification etc.
sign: To make a mark
sign: To write (one's name) as a signature.
sign: To make a mark
sign: To write one's signature.
sign: To make a mark
sign: To finalise a contractual agreement to work for a given sports team, record label etc.
sign: To make a mark
sign: To engage (a sports player, musician etc.) in a contract.
sign: To make the sign of the cross
sign: To bless (someone or something) with the sign of the cross; to mark with the sign of the cross.
sign: To make the sign of the cross
sign: To cross oneself.
sign: To indicate
sign: To communicate using a gesture or signal.
sign: To indicate
sign: To communicate or make known (a meaning, intention, etc.) by a sign.
sign: To indicate
sign: To communicate using gestures to (someone).
sign: To indicate
sign: To use sign language.
sign: To indicate
sign: To furnish (a road etc.) with signs.
sign: To determine the sign of
sign: To determine the sign of
sign: To calculate or derive whether a quantity has a positive or negative sign.
rich: To enrich.
rich: To become rich.
balm: To anoint with balm, or with anything medicinal.
balm: To soothe; to mitigate.
funk: To emit an offensive smell; to stink.
funk: To envelop with an offensive smell or smoke.
funk: Fuck (the taboo swear word)
funk: To shrink from, or avoid something because of fear.
funk: To frighten; to cause to flinch.
part: To leave the company of.
part: To cut hair with a parting.
part: To divide in two.
part: To be divided in two or separated.
part: To divide up; to share.
part: To have a part or share; to partake.
part: To separate or disunite; to remove from contact or contiguity; to sunder.
part: To hold apart; to stand or intervene between.
part: To separate by a process of extraction, elimination, or secretion.
part: To leave; to quit.
part: To leave (an IRC channel).
blab: To tell tales; to gossip without reserve or discretion.
blab: to speak carelessly or excessively
glow: To emit light as if heated.
glow: To radiate thermal heat.
glow: To display intense emotion.
glow: To gaze especially passionately at something.
glow: To shine brightly and steadily.
glow: To make hot; to flush.
glow: To feel hot; to have a burning sensation, as of the skin, from friction, exercise, etc.; to burn.
glow: To be related to or part of an (chiefly online) undercover sting operation, especially by American federal agencies.
glow: to expose someone to the authorities.
glow: to create a threatening online post that may involve violence, and look suspicious enough to attract a police investigation.
pump: To use a pump; to move (water or other liquid) by means of a pump.
pump: To inject or pour (something) into someone or something in a manner similar to a pump.
pump: To put (a person or part of the body) under a stream of water from a pump, as a punishment or as a form of medical treatment; to force a pump of water upon or on someone.
pump: To gain information from (a person) by persistent questioning.
pump: To copulate.
pump: To express milk from (a breast) by means of a breast pump.
pump: To fill with air by means of a pump; to inflate.
pump: To move rhythmically, as the motion of a pump.
pump: To enlarge the body by means of weightlifting or steroid use.
pump: To shake (a person's hand) vigorously.
pump: Of music: to be loud, to have strong bass and rhythms; (by extension) to be full of energy.
pump: To kick, throw, or hit the ball far and high.
pump: To pass gas; to fart quietly.
pump: To pass (messages) into a program so that it can obey them.
pump: To inject silicone into the body in order to try to achieve a fuller or curvier look.
perk: To make (coffee) in a percolator or a drip coffeemaker.
perk: Of coffee: to be produced by heated water seeping (“percolating”) through coffee grounds.
perk: To make trim or smart; to straighten up; to erect; to make a jaunty or saucy display of.
perk: To appear from below or behind something, emerge, pop up, poke out.
perk: To exalt oneself; to bear oneself loftily.
perk: To peer; to look narrowly, sharply, or inquisitively.
perk: To examine thoroughly.
perk: To perch.
toll: To impose a fee for the use of.
toll: To levy a toll on (someone or something).
toll: To take as a toll.
toll: To pay a toll or tallage.
toll: To ring (a bell) slowly and repeatedly.
toll: To summon by ringing a bell.
toll: To announce by ringing a bell.
toll: To make a sound as if made by a bell.
toll: To draw; pull; tug; drag.
toll: To tear in pieces.
toll: To draw; entice; invite; allure.
toll: To lure with bait; tole (especially, fish and animals).
toll: To take away; to vacate; to annul.
toll: To suspend.
toll: simple past and past participle of tell
durn: Rhoticized pronunciation of doing.
lase: To use a laser beam on, as for cutting.
lase: To use a laser beam on, as for targeting or rangefinding.
lase: To operate as a laser; to release coherent light due to stimulation.
clay: To add clay to, to spread clay onto.
clay: To purify using clay.
need: To have an absolute requirement for.
need: To want strongly; to feel that one must have something.
need: To be obliged or required (to do something).
need: To be required; to be necessary.
need: To be necessary (to someone).
news: To report; to make known.
bong: To pull a bell.
bong: To ring a doorbell.
bong: To smoke a bong.
darn: damn.
darn: To repair by stitching with thread or yarn, particularly by using a needle to construct a weave across a damaged area of fabric.
roll: To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface.
roll: To turn over and over.
roll: To tumble in gymnastics; to do a somersault.
roll: To wrap (something) round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over.
roll: To bind or involve by winding, as in a bandage; to enwrap; often with up.
roll: To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball.
roll: To drive or impel forward with an easy motion, as of rolling.
roll: To utter copiously, especially with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; — often with forth, or out.
roll: To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll, roller, or rollers.
roll: To spread itself under a roller or rolling-pin.
roll: To move, or cause to be moved, upon, or by means of, rollers or small wheels.
roll: To leave or begin a journey.
roll: To compete, especially with vigor.
roll: To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon.
roll: To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in such a manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal.
roll: To turn over in one's mind; to revolve.
roll: To behave in a certain way; to adopt a general disposition toward a situation.
roll: To throw dice.
roll: To roll dice such that they form a given pattern or total.
roll: To create a new character in a role-playing game, especially by using dice to determine properties.
roll: To generate a random number.
roll: To rotate about the fore-and-aft axis, causing its sides to go up and down. Compare pitch.
roll: To travel by sailing.
roll: To beat up; to assault.
roll: To cause to betray secrets or to testify for the prosecution.
roll: To betray secrets.
roll: To be under the influence of MDMA (a psychedelic stimulant, also known as ecstasy).
roll: To (cause to) film.
roll: To slip past (a defender) with the ball.
roll: To have a rolling aspect.
roll: To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution.
roll: To move, like waves or billows, with alternate swell and depression.
roll: to move and cause an effect on someone
roll: To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise.
roll: To utter with an alveolar trill.
roll: To enrobe in toilet-paper (as a prank or spectacle).
roll: To create a customized version of.
roll: To engage in sparring in the context of jujitsu or other grappling disciplines.
roll: To load ocean freight cargo onto a vessel other than the one it was meant to sail on.
guru: To act as a guru; to give wise advice
disk: To harrow.
disk: To move towards, or operate at, zero blade pitch, orienting the propeller blades face-on to the oncoming airstream and maximizing the drag generated by the propeller.
dorm: To reside in a dorm.
fute: To whistle.
dirk: To stab with a dirk.
dirk: To darken.
comp: To accompany, in music.
comp: To compose (a visual design); to make a composite.
comp: To provide (someone) with a complimentary item, such as a ticket.
comp: To provide a complimentary item, such as a ticket.
comp: Clipping of compile.
kris: To stab with a kris.
easy: Synonym of easy-oar
hire: To obtain the services of in return for fixed payment.
hire: To occupy premises in exchange for rent.
hire: To employ; to obtain the services of (a person) in exchange for remuneration; to give someone a job.
hire: To exchange the services of for remuneration.
hire: To accomplish by paying for services.
hire: To accept employment.
hire: (neologism) (in the Jobs-to-be-Done Theory) To buy something in order for it to perform a function, to do a job
brow: To bound or limit; to be at, or form, the edge of.
suss: To arrest for suspicious behaviour.
suss: To discover, infer or figure out.
suss: To study or size up, to check out (examine).
wish: To desire; to want.
wish: To hope (+ object clause with may or in present subjunctive).
wish: To hope (for a particular outcome), even if that outcome is unlikely to occur or cannot occur.
wish: To bestow (a thought or gesture) towards (someone or something).
wish: To request or desire to do an activity.
wish: To recommend; to seek confidence or favour on behalf of.
shag: To make hairy or shaggy; to roughen.
shag: To hang in shaggy clusters.
shag: To shake, wiggle around.
shag: To have sex with.
shag: To have sex.
shag: To masturbate.
shag: To chase after; especially, to chase after and return (a ball) hit usually out of play.
shag: To perform the dance called the shag.
rage: To act or speak in heightened anger.
rage: To move with great violence, as a storm etc.
rage: To party hard; to have a good time.
rage: To enrage.
team: To form a group, as for sports or work.
team: To go together well; to harmonize.
team: To convey or haul with a team.
team: To form together into a team.
team: To give work to a gang under a subcontractor.
team: Misspelling of teem.
quid: To chew tobacco.
quid: To let food drop from the mouth whilst chewing.
cull: To pick or take someone or something (from a larger group).
cull: To gather, collect.
cull: To select animals from a group and then kill them in order to reduce the numbers of the group in a controlled manner.
cull: To kill (animals etc).
cull: To lay off in order to reduce the size of, get rid of.
cull: To selectively not render or process certain objects, such as polygons.
stet: To let (edited material) stand, or remain as it was.
plug: To stop with a plug; to make tight by stopping a hole.
plug: To blatantly mention a particular product or service as if advertising it.
plug: To persist or continue with something.
plug: To shoot a bullet into something with a gun.
plug: To have sex with, penetrate sexually.
plug: To ingest a drug rectally
firm: To make firm or strong; fix securely.
firm: To make compact or resistant to pressure; solidify.
firm: To become firm; stabilise.
firm: To improve after decline.
firm: To shorten (of betting odds).
firm: To select (a higher education institution) as one's preferred choice, so as to enrol automatically if one's grades match the conditional offer.
wild: To commit random acts of assault, robbery, and rape in an urban setting, especially as a gang.
wild: (In the form wilding or wildin') To act in a strange or unexpected way.
bawd: To procure women for lewd purposes.
brag: To boast; to talk with excessive pride about what one has, is able to do, or has done; often as an attempt to popularize oneself.
brag: To boast of something.
burl: To remove the knots in cloth.
bilk: To spoil the score of (someone) in cribbage.
bilk: To do someone out of their due; to deceive or defraud, to cheat (someone).
bilk: To steal fuel from a self-service filling station by driving away without paying after filling the fuel tank or other container; to commit a drive-off.
bilk: To evade, elude.
spud: To dig up weeds with a spud.
spud: To begin drilling an oil well; to drill by moving the drill bit and shaft up and down, or by raising and dropping a bit.
spud: To remove the roofing aggregate and most of the bituminous top coating by scraping and chipping.
spud: To set up a recreational vehicle (RV) at a campsite, typically by leveling the RV and connecting it to electric, water, and/or sewer hookups.
curl: To cause to move in a curve.
curl: To make into a curl or spiral.
curl: To assume the shape of a curl or spiral.
curl: To move in curves.
curl: To take part in the sport of curling.
curl: To exercise by bending the arm, wrist, or leg on the exertion against resistance, especially of the biceps.
curl: To twist or form (the hair, etc.) into ringlets.
curl: To deck with, or as if with, curls; to ornament.
curl: To raise in waves or undulations; to ripple.
curl: To shape (the brim of a hat) into a curve.
bade: simple past of bid
carl: To snarl; to talk grumpily or gruffly.
rant: To speak or shout at length in uncontrollable anger.
rant: To disseminate one's own opinions in a—typically—one-sided, strong manner.
rant: To criticize by ranting.
rant: To speak extravagantly, as in merriment.
rant: To dance rant steps.
beck: To nod or motion with the head.
bitt: To put round the bitts.
cosh: To strike with a weapon of this kind.
conn: To direct a ship; to superintend the steering of (a vessel); to watch the course of (a vessel) and direct the helmsman how to steer (especially through a channel, etc, rather than steer a compass direction).
cloy: To fill up or choke up; to stop up.
cloy: To clog, to glut, or satisfy, as the appetite; to satiate.
cloy: To fill to loathing; to surfeit.
curr: To coo like an owl.
curr: To purr like a cat.
craw: To caw, crow.
bide: To bear; to endure; to tolerate.
bide: To face with resistance; to encounter; to withstand.
bide: To dwell or reside in a location; to abide.
bide: To wait; to be in expectation; to stay; to remain.
bide: To wait for; to await.
lave: To pour or throw out, as water; lade out; bail; bail out.
lave: To draw, as water; drink in.
lave: To give bountifully; lavish.
lave: To run down or gutter, as a candle.
lave: To hang or flap down.
lave: To wash.
lave: To lick.
drib: To cut off; chop off.
drib: To cut off little by little; cheat by small and reiterated tricks; purloin.
drib: To entice step by step.
drib: To appropriate unlawfully; to embezzle.
drib: To shoot directly at short range.
drib: To shoot at a mark at short range.
drib: To shoot (a shaft) so as to pierce on the descent.
drib: To beat; thrash; drub.
drib: To scold.
drib: To strike another player's marble when playing from the trigger.
ceil: To line or finish (a surface, such as a wall), with plaster, stucco, thin boards, or similar.
ceil: To set a higher bound.
cite: To quote; to repeat, as a passage from a book, or the words of another.
cite: To mention; to make mention of.
cite: To list the source(s) from which one took information, words or literary or verbal context.
cite: To summon officially or authoritatively to appear in court.
furl: To lower, roll up and secure (something, such as a sail or flag)
bund: To provide berms or other secondary enclosures to guard against accidental fluid spills within.
doff: To remove or take off (something such as clothing).
doff: To remove or tip a hat, as in greeting, salutation or as a mark of respect.
doff: To get rid of, to throw off.
doff: To strip; to divest; to undress.
fete: To celebrate (a person).
alum: To steep in, or otherwise impregnate with, a solution of alum; to treat with alum.
lazy: To laze, act in a lazy manner.
chub: To stop a bill from being passed using procedural delays.
dint: To dent.
chug: To make dull explosive sounds.
chug: To move or travel whilst making such sounds.
chug: To move or travel at a steady, although not especially fast, pace.
chug: To drink a large amount (especially of beer) in a single action/without breathing; to chugalug. Usually chanted at the person who is drinking.
chug: To solicit charitable donations on the street, particularly in a persistent manner.
flam: To deceive with a falsehood.
flam: To play (notes as) a flam.
cusp: To behave in a reckless or dangerous manner.
cowl: To cover with, or as if with, a cowl (hood).
cowl: To wrap or form (something made of fabric) like a cowl.
cowl: To make a monk of (a person).
cowl: To scrape together
bunt: To push with the horns; to butt.
bunt: To spring or rear up.
bunt: To intentionally hit softly with a hands-spread batting stance.
bunt: To intentionally hit a ball softly with a hands-spread batting stance.
bunt: To perform (the second half of) an outside loop.
bunt: To swell out.
bunt: To headbutt affectionately.
hasp: To shut or fasten with a hasp.
bode: To indicate by signs, as future events; to be an omen of; to portend or foretell.
bode: To betoken or augur something good or bad that will happen in the future.
bode: simple past of bide
huck: To throw or chuck.
huck: To throw oneself off a large jump or drop.
huck: To throw one's body in the air, possibly in a way that is ungraceful or lacks skill.
huck: To throw a frisbee a long distance.
huck: To make a long throw with the frisbee; to start a point by making such a throw.
huck: To attempt a particularly big jump or drop, often haphazardly.
huck: To make a maneuver in a clumsy or poorly planned way.
huck: To paddle off a waterfall or to boof a big drop.
huck: To haggle in trading.
clot: To form a clot or mass.
clot: To cause to clot or form into a mass.
gape: To open the mouth wide, especially involuntarily, as in a yawn, anger, or surprise.
gape: To stare in wonder.
gape: To open wide; to display a gap.
gape: To open the passage to the vomeronasal organ, analogous to the flehming in other animals.
gape: To depict a dilated anal or vaginal cavity upon penetrative sexual activity.
fill: To occupy fully, to take up all of.
fill: To add contents to (a container, cavity, or the like) so that it is full.
fill: To enter (something), making it full.
fill: To become full.
fill: To become pervaded with something.
fill: To satisfy or obey (an order, request, or requirement).
fill: To install someone, or be installed, in (a position or office), eliminating a vacancy.
fill: To treat (a tooth) by adding a dental filling to it.
fill: To fill or supply fully with food; to feed; to satisfy.
fill: To trim (a yard) so that the wind blows on the after side of the sails.
fill: To have sexual intercourse with (a female).
bolo: To attack or despatch with a bolo knife.
bolo: To fail to meet the minimum standards of marksmanship.
bolo: To dress (somebody) in a bolo.
balk: To pass over or by.
balk: To omit, miss, or overlook by chance.
balk: To miss intentionally; to avoid.
balk: To stop, check, block.
balk: To stop short and refuse to go on.
balk: To refuse suddenly.
balk: To disappoint; to frustrate.
balk: To engage in contradiction; to be in opposition.
balk: To leave or make balks in.
balk: To leave heaped up; to heap up in piles.
balk: To make a deceptive motion to deceive another player.
balk: To indicate to fishermen, by shouts or signals from shore, the direction taken by the shoals of herring.
chit: To sprout; to shoot, as a seed or plant.
chit: To damage the outer layers of a seed such as Lupinus or Sophora to assist germination.
chit: To initiate sprouting of tubers, such as potatoes, by placing them in special environment, before planting into the soil.
lilt: To do something rhythmically, with animation and quickness, usually of music.
lilt: To sing cheerfully, especially in Gaelic.
lilt: To utter with spirit, animation, or gaiety; to sing with spirit and liveliness.
eddy: To form an eddy; to move in, or as if in, an eddy; to move in a circle.
dole: To distribute in small amounts; to share out small portions of a meager resource.
hove: To remain suspended in air, water etc.; to float, to hover.
hove: To wait, linger.
hove: To move on or by.
hove: To remain; delay.
hove: To remain stationary (usually on horseback).
hove: To raise; lift; hold up.
hove: To rise.
hove: simple past and past participle of heave
hove: simple past and past participle of heave
kemp: To strive or contend in any way; strive for victory.
gilt: simple past and past participle of gild
bate: To reduce the force of something; to abate.
bate: To restrain, usually with the sense of being in anticipation
bate: To cut off, remove, take away.
bate: To leave out, except, bar.
bate: To waste away.
bate: To deprive of.
bate: To lessen by retrenching, deducting, or reducing; to abate; to beat down; to lower.
bate: To allow by way of abatement or deduction.
bate: To contend or strive with blows or arguments.
bate: Of a falcon: To flap the wings vigorously; to bait.
bate: To soak leather so as to remove chemicals used in tanning; to steep in bate.
bate: simple past of beat; = beat.
bate: To masturbate.
dote: To be weakly or foolishly fond of somebody.
dote: To act in a foolish manner; to be senile.
dram: To drink drams.
dram: To ply with drams of drink.
kudo: To give a compliment or praise to.
fife: To play this instrument.
duff: To disguise something to make it look new.
duff: To alter the branding of stolen cattle; to steal cattle.
duff: To hit the ground behind the ball.
jowl: To throw, dash, or knock.
cove: To arch over; to build in a hollow concave form; to make in the form of a cove.
cove: Of a bird or other animal: to brood, cover, incubate, or sit over (eggs).
hock: To disable by cutting the tendons of the hock; to hamstring; to hough.
hock: To leave with a pawnbroker as security for a loan.
hock: To bother; to pester; to annoy incessantly.
hock: To cough heavily, especially causing uvular frication.
hock: To cough while the vomit reflex is triggered; to gag.
hock: To cough heavily, especially causing uvular frication.
hock: To produce mucus from coughing or clearing one's throat.
kelp: To gather kelp.
mews: third-person singular simple present indicative of mew
glom: To take.
glom: To grab hold of, seize; catch, grab or latch onto.
glom: To clump up, to seize together into a lump or conglomeration.
glom: Alternative form of glaum (“look, stare”).
gage: To bind (someone) by pledge or security; to engage.
gage: To bet or wager (something).
gage: To deposit or give (something) as a pledge or security; to pawn.
gage: Alternative spelling of gauge (“to measure”)
brad: To attach using a brad.
brad: To upset the end of a rod inserted in a hole so as to prevent it from being pulled out, as when riveting.
meed: To reward; bribe.
meed: To deserve; merit.
blat: To cry, as a calf or sheep; bleat.
blat: To make a senseless noise.
blat: To talk inconsiderately; blab.
blat: To produce an overrich or overblown sound on a brass instrument such as a trumpet, trombone, or tuba.
blat: To utter loudly or foolishly; blurt.
fard: To paint, as the cheeks or face.
fard: To embellish or gloss over.
loam: To cover, smear, or fill with loam.
juke: to play dance music, or to dance, in a juke
juke: to hit
juke: to stab
juke: to thrust with the pelvis, in particular for sexual intercourse
juke: To deceive or outmaneuver someone using a feint, especially in American football or soccer
juke: To deceive or outmaneuver, using a feint.
juke: To bend the neck; to bow or duck the head.
juke: To manipulate deceptively.
loll: To act lazily or indolently while reclining; to lean; to lie at ease.
loll: To hang extended from the mouth, like the tongue of an animal heated from exertion.
loll: To let (the tongue) hang from the mouth in this way.
jilt: To cast off capriciously or unfeelingly, as a lover; to deceive in love.
oust: To expel; to remove.
gait: To teach a specific gait to a horse.
reck: To take account of (someone or something); to care for; to consider, to heed, to regard.
reck: To concern (someone); to be important or earnest.
reck: To think.
lope: To travel an easy pace with long strides.
lope: To jump, leap.
milt: To impregnate (the roe of a fish) with milt.
hone: To sharpen with a hone; to whet.
hone: To use a hone to produce a precision bore.
hone: To refine or master (a skill).
hone: To make more acute, intense, or effective.
hone: To grumble.
hone: To pine, lament, or long.
mull: To work (over) mentally; to cogitate; to ruminate.
mull: To powder; to pulverize.
mull: To chop marijuana so that it becomes a smokable form.
mull: To heat and spice something, such as wine.
mull: To join two or more individual windows at mullions.
mull: To dull or stupefy.
rick: To heap up (hay, etc.) in ricks.
rick: To slightly sprain or strain the neck, back, ankle etc.
clad: simple past and past participle of clothe
clad: To clothe, to dress.
clad: To cover with a cladding or another material (for example, insulation).
clad: To imbue (with a specified quality); to envelop or surround.
lull: To cause to rest by soothing influences; to compose; to calm
lull: To become gradually calm; to subside; to cease or abate.
peal: To sound with a peal or peals.
peal: To utter or sound loudly.
peal: To assail with noise.
peal: To resound; to echo.
peal: To appeal.
gout: To spurt.
muff: To drop or mishandle (the ball, a catch etc.); to play badly.
muff: To mishandle; to bungle.
quip: To make a quip.
quip: To taunt; to treat with quips.
prim: To make affectedly precise or proper.
prim: To dress or act smartly.
quod: To confine in prison.
quod: Quoth.
kern: To adjust the horizontal space between selected pairs of letters (characters or glyphs); to perform such adjustments to a portion of text, according to preset rules.
pomp: To make a pompous display; to conduct.
purl: To decorate with fringe or embroidered edge
purl: To use an inverted stitch producing ribbing etc.
purl: To upset, to spin, capsize, fall heavily, fall headlong.
purl: To flow with a murmuring sound in swirls and eddies.
purl: To rise in circles, ripples, or undulations; to curl; to mantle.
neap: To trap (a ship) in water too shallow to move, due to the smaller tidal range occurring in a period of neap tides.
neap: To ooze, to sink, to subside, to tail.
prig: To filch or steal.
prig: To ride.
prig: To copulate.
shiv: To stab someone with a shiv.
shiv: To stab someone with anything not normally used as a stabbing weapon.
chaw: To chew; grind with one's teeth; to masticate (food, or the cud).
chaw: To ruminate (about) in thought; to ponder; to consider
chaw: To steal.
sorb: To absorb or adsorb.
roil: To render turbid by stirring up the dregs or sediment of.
roil: To annoy; to make angry; to throw into discord.
roil: To bubble, seethe.
roil: To wander; to roam.
roil: To romp.
rill: To trickle, pour, or run like a small stream.
mete: To measure.
mete: To dispense, measure (out), allot (especially punishment, reward etc.).
lien: Alternative form of lain
ream: To cream; mantle; foam; froth.
ream: To enlarge (a hole), especially using a reamer; to bore (a hole) wider.
ream: To remove (material) by reaming.
ream: To remove burrs and debris from inside (something, such as a freshly bored hole) using a tool.
ream: To shape or form, especially using a reamer.
ream: To sexually penetrate in a rough and painful way.
ream: To yell at or berate.
levy: To impose (a tax or fine) to collect monies due, or to confiscate property.
levy: To raise or collect by assessment; to exact by authority.
levy: To draft someone into military service.
levy: To raise; to collect; said of troops, to form into an army by enrollment, conscription. etc.
levy: To wage war.
levy: To raise, as a siege.
levy: To erect, build, or set up; to make or construct; to raise or cast up.
whig: Urge forward; drive briskly.
whig: Jog along; move or work briskly.
whig: Weird out or disturb someone.
vail: To lower, let fall; to allow or cause to sink.
vail: To lower or “dip” a carried flag or banner in a salute by a forward reducing of the angle of the pike/flagstaff with respect to the ground; in extreme instances, as when saluting a monarch, both the banner and the finial of the pike are allowed to rest upon the ground.
vail: To lower a sail, in salute or otherwise.
vail: To remove as a sign of deference, as a hat.
vail: To pay homage, bow, submit, defer (to someone or something); to yield, give way (to something).
vail: Archaic form of veil.
vail: Misspelling of veil.
whop: To throw or move (something) quickly, usually with an impact.
whop: To administer corporal punishment to.
luge: To ride a luge; also, to participate in the sport of luge.
luge: To slide or slip down a slope.
silt: To clog or fill with silt.
silt: To become clogged with silt.
silt: To flow through crevices; to percolate.
yaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of yaw
slat: To construct or provide with slats.
slat: To slap or strike; to beat, pummel; to hurl or throw down violently.
slat: To split; to crack.
slat: To set on; to incite.
mere: To limit; bound; divide or cause division in.
mere: To set divisions and bounds.
mere: To decide upon the position of a boundary; to position it on a map.
talc: To apply talc to.
yawl: To cry out; to howl.
wile: To entice or lure.
wile: Misspelling of while (“to pass the time”).
fray: To rub or wear away (something); to cause (something made of strands twisted or woven together, such as cloth or rope) to unravel through friction; also, to irritate (something) through chafing or rubbing; to chafe.
fray: To rub or wear away (something); to cause (something made of strands twisted or woven together, such as cloth or rope) to unravel through friction; also, to irritate (something) through chafing or rubbing; to chafe.
fray: Of a deer: to rub (its antlers or head) against a tree, etc., to remove the velvet from antlers or to mark territory; also, to rub its antlers against (a tree, etc.) for that purpose.
fray: To force or make (a path, way, etc.) through.
fray: To bruise (someone or something); also, to take the virginity of (someone, usually a female person); to deflower.
fray: To become unravelled or worn; to unravel.
fray: To rub.
fray: To rub.
fray: Of a deer: to rub its antlers against a tree, etc., to remove the velvet or to mark territory.
fray: Of a person's mental strength, nerves, temper, etc.: to become exhausted or worn out.
fray: To alarm or frighten (someone or something).
fray: Often followed by away, off, or out: to frighten or scare (someone or something) away.
fray: To assail or attack (someone or something); to drive (someone or something) away by attacking.
fray: To chase (someone or something) away; to disperse.
fray: To be afraid or frightened; to fear.
fray: To make an assault or attack; also, to create a disturbance; to brawl, to fight.
fray: To bear the expense of (something); to defray.
weal: To mark with stripes; to wale.
sire: To father; to beget.
scat: To sing an improvised melodic solo using nonsense syllables, often onomatopoeic or imitative of musical instruments.
scat: To leave quickly.
whet: To hone or rub on with some substance, as a piece of stone, for the purpose of sharpening – see whetstone.
whet: To stimulate or make more keen.
whet: To preen.
wisp: To brush or dress, as with a wisp.
wisp: To rumple.
wisp: To produce a wisp, as of smoke.
wisp: To emit in wisps.
moil: To toil, to work hard.
moil: To churn continually; to swirl.
moil: To defile or dirty.
mire: To cause or permit to become stuck in mud; to plunge or fix in mud.
mire: To sink into mud.
mire: To weigh down.
mire: To soil with mud or foul matter.
pith: To render insensate or kill (an animal, especially cattle or a laboratory animal) by cutting, piercing, or otherwise destroying the spinal cord.
pith: To extract the pith from (something or (figurative) someone).
avow: To declare openly and boldly, as something believed to be right; to own, acknowledge or confess frankly.
avow: To bind or devote by a vow.
avow: To acknowledge and justify, as an act done. See avowry.
fête: Alternative spelling of fete
nape: To bombard with napalm.
swag: To (cause to) sway.
swag: To droop; to sag.
swag: To decorate (something) with loops of draped fabric.
swag: To install (a ceiling fan or light fixture) by means of a long cord running from the ceiling to an outlet, and suspended by hooks or similar.
swag: To travel on foot carrying a swag (possessions tied in a blanket).
swag: To transport stolen goods.
wale: To strike the skin in such a way as to produce a wale or welt.
wale: To beat a person, especially as punishment or out of anger.
wale: To give a surface a texture of wales or welts.
wale: To choose, select.
used: simple past and past participle of use
used: To perform habitually; to be accustomed [to doing something].
teem: To be stocked to overflowing.
teem: To be prolific; to abound; to be rife.
teem: To bring forth young, as an animal; to produce fruit, as a plant; to bear; to be pregnant; to conceive; to multiply.
teem: To empty.
teem: To pour (especially with rain)
teem: To pour, as steel, from a melting pot; to fill, as a mould, with molten metal.
teem: To think fit.
pall: To cloak or cover with, or as if with, a pall.
pall: To make vapid or insipid; to make lifeless or spiritless; to dull, to weaken.
pall: To become dull, insipid, tasteless, or vapid; to lose life, spirit, strength, or taste.
tine: To kindle; to set on fire.
tine: To rage; to smart.
tine: To shut in, or enclose.
gall: To bother or trouble.
gall: To harass, to harry, often with the intent to cause injury.
gall: To chafe, to rub or subject to friction; to create a sore on the skin.
gall: To exasperate.
gall: To cause pitting on a surface being cut from the friction between the two surfaces exceeding the bond of the material at a point.
gall: To scoff; to jeer.
gall: To impregnate with a decoction of gallnuts in dyeing.
wean: To cease giving breast milk to an offspring; to accustom and reconcile (a child or young animal) to a want or deprivation of mother's milk; to take from the breast or udder.
wean: To cease to depend on the mother's milk for nutrition.
wean: To cause to quit something to which one is addicted, dependent, or habituated.
wean: To cease to depend.
wean: To raise, to help grow toward maturity
bleb: To form, or cause the formation of, blebs.
spar: To bolt, bar.
spar: To supply or equip (a vessel) with spars.
spar: To fight, especially as practice for martial arts or hand-to-hand combat.
spar: To strike with the feet or spurs, as cocks do.
spar: To contest in words; to wrangle.
toil: To labour; work.
toil: To struggle.
toil: To work (something); often with out.
toil: To weary through excessive labour.
iris: To open or close in the manner of an iris.
iris: To cause (something) to shine with the colours of the rainbow; to make iridescent.
daze: To stun or stupefy, for example with bright light, with a blow, with cold, or with fear
vamp: To patch, repair, or refurbish.
vamp: Often as vamp up: to fabricate or put together (something) from existing material, or by adding new material to something existing.
vamp: To cobble together, to extemporize, to improvise.
vamp: To cobble together, to extemporize, to improvise.
vamp: To perform a vamp (“a repeated, often improvised accompaniment, for example, under dialogue or while waiting for a soloist to be ready”).
vamp: To attach a vamp (to footwear).
vamp: To travel by foot; to walk.
vamp: To delay or stall for time, as for an audience.
vamp: To seduce or exploit someone.
vamp: To turn into a vampire.
disc: To harrow with a disc harrow.
disc: To move towards, or operate at, zero blade pitch, orienting the propeller blades face-on to the oncoming airflow and maximising the drag generated by the propeller.
dean: To serve as a dean.
dean: To send (a student) to see the dean of a college or university.
defy: To challenge (someone) or brave (a hazard or opposition).
defy: To refuse to obey.
defy: To not conform to or follow a pattern, set of rules or expectations.
defy: To renounce or dissolve all bonds of affiance, faith, or obligation with; to reject, refuse, or renounce.
etch: To cut into a surface with an acid or other corrosive substance in order to make a pattern. Best known as a technique for creating printing plates, but also used for decoration on metal, and, in modern industry, to make circuit boards.
etch: To engrave a surface.
etch: To make a lasting impression.
etch: To sketch; to delineate.
ruff: To shape (fabric, etc.) into a ruff; to adorn (a garment, etc.) with a ruff.
ruff: Of a falcon, hawk, etc.: to hit (the prey) without fixing or grabbing hold of it.
ruff: To ruffle; to disorder.
ruff: Of a bird: to ruffle its feathers.
ruff: To boast, to brag.
ruff: To speak in a loud and domineering manner; to bluster, to swagger.
ruff: To play a trump card to a trick when unable to follow suit (that is, when unable to play a card of the same suit as the previous or leading card).
ruff: Especially in the form ruff out: to defeat (a card, etc.) by ruffing, thus establishing the master card in the suit led.
ruff: To beat a ruff or ruffle, as on a drum.
ruff: Of a drum, etc.: to have a ruff or ruffle beaten on it.
fend: To take care of oneself; to take responsibility for one's own well-being.
fend: To defend, to take care of (typically construed with for); to block or push away (typically construed with off).
char: To burn something to charcoal.
char: To burn slightly or superficially so as to affect colour.
char: To turn, especially away or aside.
char: To work, especially to do housework; to work by the day, without being a regularly hired servant.
char: To perform; to do; to finish.
char: To work or hew (stone, etc.)
cram: To press, force, or drive, particularly in filling, or in thrusting one thing into another; to stuff; to fill to superfluity.
cram: To fill with food to satiety; to stuff.
cram: To put hastily through an extensive course of memorizing or study, as in preparation for an examination.
cram: To study hard; to swot.
cram: To eat greedily, and to satiety; to stuff oneself.
cram: To lie; to intentionally not tell the truth.
cram: To make (a person) believe false or exaggerated tales.
shim: To fit one or more shims to a piece of machinery.
shim: To adjust something by using shims.
shim: To adjust the homogeneity of a magnetic field, after the mechanical devices once used for the purpose.
shim: To intercept and modify calls to (an API), usually for compatibility purposes.
fain: To be delighted or glad; to rejoice.
fain: To gladden.
fain: to worship, to celebrate, to offer an oblation which is not sacrificial blót.
bail: To secure the release of an arrested person by providing bail.
bail: To release a person under such guarantee.
bail: To hand over personal property to be held temporarily by another as a bailment.
bail: To remove (water) from a boat by scooping it out.
bail: To remove water from (a boat) by scooping it out.
bail: To set free; to deliver; to release.
bail: To exit quickly.
bail: To fail to meet a commitment (to a person).
bail: To secure the head of a cow during milking.
bail: To confine.
bail: To secure (a cow) by placing its head in a bail for milking.
bail: To keep (a traveller) detained in order to rob them; to corner (a wild animal); loosely, to detain, hold up.
hive: To collect (bees) into a hive.
hive: To store (something other than bees) in, or as if in, a hive.
hive: To form a hive-like entity.
hive: To take lodging or shelter together; to reside in a collective body.
hive: Of insects: to enter or possess a hive.
buzz: To make a low, continuous, humming or sibilant sound, like that made by bees with their wings.
buzz: To utter a murmuring sound; to speak with a low, humming voice.
buzz: To make a low, continuous, humming or sibilant sound, like that made by bees with their wings.
buzz: Of a group of people, to talk about some interesting topic excitedly.
buzz: To make a low, continuous, humming or sibilant sound, like that made by bees with their wings.
buzz: To fly while making such a sound.
buzz: To show a high level of activity and haste, energization or excitement, to be busy as a bee in one’s actions but perhaps mentally charged.
buzz: To whisper; to communicate, as tales, in an undertone; to spread, as a report, by whispers or secretly.
buzz: To talk to incessantly or confidentially in a low humming voice.
buzz: To fly at high speed and at a very low altitude over a specified area, as to make a surprise pass.
buzz: To cut the hair in a close-cropped military style, or buzzcut.
buzz: To drink to the bottom.
buzz: To communicate with (a person) by means of a buzzer.
fuse: To furnish with or install a fuse to (an explosive device) (see Usage notes for noun above).
fuse: To liquify by heat; melt.
fuse: To melt together; to blend; to mix indistinguishably.
fuse: To melt together.
fuse: To furnish with or install a fuse to protect a circuit against overcurrent.
fuse: To have been protected against overcurrent by its fuse melting away, creating a gap in the wire, thus stopping the circuit from operating.
fuse: To form a bicyclic compound from two similar or different types of ring such that two or more atoms are shared between the resulting rings
gimp: To wrap or wind (surround) with another length of yarn or wire in a tight spiral, often by means of a gimping machine, creating 'gimped yarn', etc. Also, generally, to wrap or twist with string or wire. See gimped.
gimp: To notch or indent; to jag or make jagged; to edge with serrations or grooves.
gimp: To limp; to hobble.
gimp: To make underpowered; to limit or restrict the useful effects of.
dill: To cook or flavor with dill
dill: To still; to assuage; to calm; to soothe, as one in pain.
deck: To furnish with a deck, as a vessel.
deck: To knock someone to the floor, especially with a single punch.
deck: To cause a player to run out of cards to draw, usually making them lose the game.
deck: To dress (someone) up, to clothe with more than ordinary elegance.
deck: To decorate (something).
deck: To cover; to overspread.
glee: To sing a glee (unaccompanied part song).
gown: To dress in a gown, to don or garb with a gown.
bale: To wrap into a bale.
bale: To remove water from a boat with buckets etc.
geld: To tax geld.
geld: To castrate a male (usually an animal).
geld: To deprive of anything essential; to weaken.
cape: To incite or attract (a bull) to charge a certain direction, by waving a cape.
cape: To head or point; to keep a course.
cape: To skin an animal, particularly a deer.
cape: To defend or praise, especially that which is unworthy.
cape: To cover (as) with or like a cape.
heed: To guard, protect.
heed: To mind; to regard with care; to take notice of; to attend to; to observe.
heed: To pay attention, care.
gaze: To stare intently or earnestly.
gaze: To stare at.
goad: To prod with a goad.
goad: To encourage or stimulate.
goad: To incite or provoke.
espy: To find out or observe (someone or something, especially if not easy to see) by spying or looking; to catch sight of; to see; to spot.
espy: To see (someone or something) without foreplanning or unexpectedly.
espy: To observe (someone or something) as a spy; also, to examine or observe (someone or something) carefully; or to look out or watch for.
espy: To become aware of (a fact, information, etc.).
espy: To observe as a spy, to spy; also, to examine or observe carefully; or to look out or watch.
sage: The act of using the word or option sage in the email field or a checkbox of an imageboard when posting a reply.
jape: To jest; play tricks.
jape: To mock; deride.
jape: To have sexual intercourse with.
hake: To loiter; to sneak.
flaw: To add a flaw to, to make imperfect or defective.
flaw: To become imperfect or defective; to crack or break.
bait: To attract with bait; to entice.
bait: To affix bait to a trap or a fishing hook or fishing line.
bait: To set dogs on (an animal etc.) to bite or worry; to attack with dogs, especially for sport.
bait: To intentionally annoy, torment, or threaten by constant rebukes or threats; to harass.
bait: To feed and water (a horse or other animal), especially during a journey.
bait: (of a horse or other animal) To take food, especially during a journey.
bait: (of a person) To stop to take a portion of food and drink for refreshment during a journey.
bait: To flap the wings; to flutter as if to fly; or to hover, as a hawk when she stoops to her prey.
chef: To work as a chef; to prepare and cook food professionally.
chef: To stab with a knife, to shank.
hale: To drag or pull, especially forcibly.
beam: To emit beams of light; to shine; to radiate.
beam: To smile broadly or especially cheerfully.
beam: To furnish or supply with beams.
beam: To give the appearance of beams to.
beam: To transmit matter or information via a high-tech wireless mechanism.
beam: To transmit, especially by direct wireless means such as infrared.
beam: To stretch something (for example, an animal hide) on a beam.
beam: To put (something) on a beam.
beam: To connect (musical notes) with a beam, or thick line, in music notation.
flap: To move (something broad and loose) up and down.
flap: To move loosely back and forth.
flap: Of a resource or network destination: to be advertised as being available and then unavailable (or available by different routes) in rapid succession.
lout: To treat as a lout or fool; to neglect; to disappoint.
lout: To bend, bow, stoop.
grep: To use a program such as grep to search in a file.
grep: To search anything (perhaps a paper document by eye).
pend: To hang down; to cause something to hang down
pend: To arch over (something); to vault.
pend: To hang in reliance on; to depend (on or upon); to be contingent on.
pend: To pen; to confine.
pend: To consider pending; to delay or postpone (something).
lisp: To pronounce the consonant ‘s’ imperfectly; to give ‘s’ and ‘z’ the sounds of ‘th’ (/θ/, /ð/). This is a speech impediment common among children.
lisp: To speak with imperfect articulation; to mispronounce, such as a child learning to talk.
lisp: To speak hesitatingly and with a low voice, as if afraid.
lisp: to express by the use of simple, childlike language.
lisp: To speak with reserve or concealment; to utter timidly or confidentially.
howl: To utter a loud, protracted, mournful sound or cry, as dogs and wolves often do.
howl: To utter a sound expressive of pain or distress; to cry aloud and mournfully; to lament; to wail.
howl: To make a noise resembling the cry of a wild beast.
howl: To utter with outcry.
mime: To mimic.
mime: To act without words.
mime: To represent an action or object through gesture, without the use of sound.
hoot: To cry out or shout in contempt.
hoot: To make the cry of an owl, a hoo.
hoot: To assail with contemptuous cries or shouts; to follow with derisive shouts.
hoot: To sound the horn of a vehicle.
peek: To look slyly, or with the eyes half closed, or through a crevice; to peep.
peek: To be only slightly, partially visible, as if peering out from a hiding place.
peek: To retrieve (a value) from a memory address.
pave: To cover something with paving slabs.
pave: To cover with stone, concrete, blacktop or other solid covering, especially to aid travel.
pave: To pave the way for; to make easy and smooth.
maze: To amaze, astonish, bewilder.
maze: To daze or stupefy.
scow: To transport in a scow.
yoke: To join (several draught animals) together with a yoke; also, to fasten a yoke (on one or more draught animals) to pull a cart, plough, etc.; or to attach (a cart, plough, etc.) to a draught animal.
yoke: To put (one's arm or arms) around someone's neck, waist, etc.; also, to surround (someone's neck, waist, etc.) with one's arms.
yoke: To put (something) around someone's neck like a yoke; also, to surround (someone's neck) with something.
yoke: To place a collar on the neck of (a conquered person or prisoner) to restrain movement.
yoke: To place a frame on the neck of (an animal such as a cow, pig, or goose) to prevent passage through a fence or other barrier.
yoke: To bring (two or more people or things) into a close relationship (often one that is undesired); to connect, to link, to unite.
yoke: To bring into or keep (someone) in bondage or a state of submission; to enslave; to confine, to restrain; to oppress, to subjugate.
yoke: To be joined to (another person) in wedlock (often with the implication that it is a burdensome state); to be or become married to (someone).
yoke: To be or become connected, linked, or united in a relationship; to have dealings with.
yoke: To be or become joined in wedlock; to be married, to wed.
mesh: To connect together by interlocking, as gears do.
mesh: To fit in; to come together harmoniously.
mesh: To catch in a mesh.
rely: to trust; to have confidence in; to depend.
mend: To repair (something that is torn, broken, defaced, decayed, or otherwise damaged)
mend: To put in a better state; to set right; to reform;
mend: To quicken
mend: To help, to advance, to further; to add to.
mend: To grow better; to advance to a better state; to become improved.
pout: To push out one's lips.
pout: To thrust itself outward; to be prominent.
pout: To be or pretend to be ill-tempered; to sulk.
pout: To say while pouting.
pout: To shoot poults.
lard: To stuff (meat) with bacon or pork before cooking.
lard: To smear with fat or lard.
lard: To garnish or strew, especially with reference to words or phrases in speech and writing.
lard: To fatten; to enrich.
lard: To mix or garnish with something, as by way of improvement; to interlard.
lard: To embellish with unnecessary frills; to pad.
lard: To grow fat.
harm: To cause injury to another; to hurt; to cause damage to something.
mite: Eye dialect spelling of might.
limp: To walk lamely, as if favouring one leg.
limp: To travel with a malfunctioning system of propulsion.
limp: To move or proceed irregularly.
limp: To call, particularly in an unraised pot pre-flop.
limp: To be inadequate or unsatisfactory.
limp: To happen; befall; chance.
limp: To come upon; meet.
raze: To demolish; to level to the ground.
raze: To destroy; to strike out of existence; to obliterate.
raze: To scrape as if with a razor.
sard: To have sexual intercourse with (a woman).
drab: To consort with prostitutes; to whore.
rase: To rub along the surface of; to graze.
rase: To rub or scratch out; to erase.
rase: To level with the ground; to overthrow; to destroy; to raze.
rase: To be leveled with the ground; to fall; to suffer overthrow.
foul: To make dirty.
foul: To besmirch.
foul: To clog or obstruct.
foul: To entangle.
foul: To make contact with an opposing player in order to gain advantage.
foul: To commit a foul.
foul: To hit outside of the baselines.
foul: To hit a ball outside of the baselines.
foul: To become clogged.
foul: To become entangled.
foul: To come into contact or collide with.
lack: To be without, not to have, to need, to require.
lack: To be short (of or for something).
lack: To be in want.
lack: To see the deficiency in (someone or something); to find fault with, to malign, reproach.
reap: To cut (for example a grain) with a sickle, scythe, or reaping machine
reap: To gather (e.g. a harvest) by cutting.
reap: To obtain or receive as a reward, in a good or a bad sense.
reap: To terminate a child process that has previously exited, thereby removing it from the process table.
reap: To deprive of the beard; to shave.
heap: To pile in a heap.
heap: To form or round into a heap, as in measuring.
heap: To supply in great quantity.
sled: To ride a sled.
sled: To convey on a sled.
fake: To make a counterfeit, to counterfeit, to forge, to falsify.
fake: To make a false display of, to affect, to feign, to simulate.
fake: To cheat; to swindle; to steal; to rob.
fake: To modify fraudulently, so as to make an object appear better or other than it really is
fake: To improvise, in jazz.
fake: To coil (a rope, line, or hawser), by winding alternately in opposite directions, in layers usually of zigzag or figure of eight form, to prevent twisting when running out.
reef: To take in part of a sail in order to adapt the size of the sail to the force of the wind.
reef: To pull or yank strongly, especially in relation to horse riding.
reef: To move the floats of a paddle wheel toward its center so that they will not dip so deeply.
reef: To manipulate the lining of a person's pocket in order to steal the contents unnoticed.
rive: To tear apart by force; to rend; to split; to cleave.
rive: To pierce or cleave with a weapon.
rive: To break apart; to split.
rive: To burst open; explode; discharge.
rive: To use a technique of splitting or sawing wood radially from a log (e.g. clapboards).
rive: To land.
loom: To appear indistinctly, e.g. when seen on the horizon or through the murk.
loom: To appear in an exaggerated or threatening form; (of a person or thing) to tower; (of an idea) to impressively or intimidatingly occupy the mind; (of an event) to be imminent.
loom: To rise and to be eminent; to be elevated or ennobled, in a moral sense.
prey: To act as a predator.
rave: To be mentally unclear; to be delirious; to talk or act irrationally; to be wild, furious, or raging.
rave: To speak or write wildly or incoherently.
rave: (intransitive, followed by "about", "of" or (formerly) "on") To talk with excessive enthusiasm, passion or excitement.
rave: To talk with excessive enthusiasm, passion or excitement.
rave: To rush wildly or furiously.
rave: To attend a rave (dance party).
rave: simple past of rive
reek: To have or give off a strong, unpleasant smell.
reek: To be evidently associated with something unpleasant.
reek: To be emitted or exhaled, emanate, as of vapour or perfume.
reek: To emit smoke or vapour; to steam.
reek: To cause (something) to smell.
peck: To strike or pierce with the beak or bill (of a bird).
peck: To form by striking with the beak or a pointed instrument.
peck: To strike, pick, thrust against, or dig into, with a pointed instrument, especially with repeated quick movements.
peck: To seize and pick up with the beak, or as if with the beak; to bite; to eat; often with up.
peck: To do something in small, intermittent pieces.
peck: To type by searching for each key individually.
peck: To type in general.
peck: To kiss briefly.
peck: To throw.
peck: To lurch forward; especially, of a horse, to stumble after hitting the ground with the toe instead of the flat of the foot.
mess: To make untidy or dirty.
mess: To make soiled by defecating.
mess: To make untidy or dirty.
mess: To make soiled by ejaculating.
mess: To throw into disorder or to ruin.
mess: To interfere.
mess: To screw around with, to bother, to be annoying to.
mess: To take meals with a mess.
mess: To belong to a mess.
mess: To eat (with others).
mess: To supply with a mess.
marl: To cover with the earthy substance called marl.
marl: To cover, as part of a rope, with marline, marking a peculiar hitch at each turn to prevent unwinding.
leak: To allow fluid or gas to pass through an opening that should be sealed.
leak: (of a fluid or gas) To pass through an opening that should be sealed.
leak: To disclose secret information surreptitiously or anonymously.
leak: To pass through when it would normally or preferably be blocked.
leak: To allow anything through that would normally or preferably be blocked.
leak: To urinate.
leak: To bleed.
peak: To raise the point of (a gaff) closer to perpendicular.
peak: To reach a highest degree or maximum.
peak: To rise or extend into a peak or point; to form, or appear as, a peak.
peak: To cause to adopt gender-critical or trans-exclusionary views (ellipsis of peak trans).
peak: To become sick or wan.
peak: To acquire sharpness of figure or features; hence, to look thin or sickly.
peak: To pry; to peep slyly.
peak: Misspelling of pique.
sett: Obsolete spelling of set (particularly as a simple past and past participle)
mall: to beat with a mall, or mallet; to beat with something heavy; to bruise
mall: to build up with the development of shopping malls
mall: to shop at the mall
scan: To examine sequentially, carefully, or critically; to scrutinize; to behold closely.
scan: To look about for; to look over quickly.
scan: To inspect, analyse or go over, often to find something.
scan: To look about for; to look over quickly.
scan: To perform lexical analysis; to tokenize.
scan: To look about for; to look over quickly.
scan: To create an image of something with the use of a scanner.
scan: To read with an electronic device.
scan: To mount by steps; to go through with step by step.
scan: To read or mark so as to show a specific metre.
scan: To conform to a metrical structure.
core: To remove the core of an apple or other fruit.
core: To cut or drill through the core of (something).
core: To extract a sample with a drill.
tint: To shade, to color.
rend: To separate into parts with force or sudden violence; to split; to burst
rend: To part or tear off forcibly; to take away by force; to amputate.
rend: To be rent or torn; to become parted; to separate; to split.
raid: To engage in a raid against.
raid: To lure from another; to entice away from.
raid: To indulge oneself by taking from.
snag: To catch or tear (e.g. fabric) upon a rough surface or projection.
snag: To damage or sink (a vessel) by collision; said of a tree or branch fixed to the bottom of a navigable body of water and partially submerged or rising to just beneath the surface.
snag: To fish by means of dragging a large hook or hooks on a line, intending to impale the body (rather than the mouth) of the target.
snag: To obtain or pick up.
snag: To cut the snags or branches from, as the stem of a tree; to hew roughly.
snag: To have noncommittal sexual relations.
stag: To act as a "stag", an irregular dealer in stocks.
stag: To watch; to dog, or keep track of.
reel: To wind on a reel.
reel: To spin or revolve repeatedly.
reel: To unwind, to bring or acquire something by spinning or winding something else.
reel: To walk shakily or unsteadily; to stagger; move as if drunk or not in control of oneself.
reel: To back off, step away, or sway backwards unsteadily and suddenly.
reel: To make or cause to reel.
reel: To have a whirling sensation; to be giddy.
reel: To be in shock.
reel: To produce a mechanical insect-like song, as in grass warblers.
reel: To roll.
toot: To stand out, or be prominent.
toot: To peep; to look narrowly.
toot: To see; to spy.
toot: To flatulate.
toot: To make the sound of a horn or whistle.
toot: To cause a horn or whistle to make its sound.
toot: Of a queen bee: to make a high-pitched sound during certain stages of development.
toot: To go on a drinking binge.
toot: To snort (a recreational drug).
toot: To post a message on a Mastodon instance (a self-hosted version of the networking software).
veal: To raise a calf for meat production.
span: To extend through the distance between or across.
span: To extend through (a time period).
span: To measure by the span of the hand with the fingers extended, or with the fingers encompassing the object.
span: To generate an entire space by means of linear combinations.
span: To be matched, as horses.
span: To fetter, as a horse; to hobble.
span: simple past of spin
lame: To cause (a person or animal) to become lame.
sway: To move or swing from side to side; or backward and forward; to rock.
sway: To move or wield with the hand; to swing; to wield.
sway: To influence or direct by power, authority, persuasion, or by moral force; to rule; to govern; to guide. Compare persuade.
sway: To cause to incline or swing to one side, or backward and forward; to bias; to turn; to bend; warp.
sway: To hoist (a mast or yard) into position.
sway: To be drawn to one side by weight or influence; to lean; to incline.
sway: To have weight or influence.
sway: To bear sway; to rule; to govern.
tend: To make a tender of; to offer or tender.
tend: To be likely, or probable to do something, or to have a certain habit or leaning.
tend: To contribute to or toward some outcome.
tend: To look after (e.g. an ill person.)
tend: To accompany as an assistant or protector; to care for the wants of; to look after; to watch; to guard.
tend: To wait (upon), as attendants or servants; to serve; to attend.
tend: To await; to expect.
tend: To be attentive to; to note carefully; to attend to.
tend: To manage (an anchored vessel) when the tide turns, to prevent it from entangling the cable when swinging.
tend: To kindle; ignite; set on fire; light; inflame; burn.
tact: To use a tact (a kind of verbal operant).
riot: To create or take part in a riot; to raise an uproar or sedition.
riot: To act in an unrestrained or wanton manner; to indulge in excess of feasting, luxury, etc.
riot: To cause to riot; to throw into a tumult.
riot: To annoy.
lewd: To express lust; to behave in a lewd manner.
lewd: Alternative form of lude (“take the drug quaalude”)
slam: To shut with sudden force so as to produce a shock and noise.
slam: To put in or on a particular place with force and loud noise. (Often followed by a preposition such as down, against or into.)
slam: To strike forcefully with some implement.
slam: To strike against suddenly and heavily.
slam: To strike and take the life of or at least incapacitate for some time.
slam: To defeat or overcome in a match.
slam: To speak badly of; to criticize forcefully.
slam: To compete in a poetry slam.
slam: To dunk forcefully, to slam dunk.
slam: To move a customer from one service provider to another without their consent.
slam: To drink off, to drink quickly.
slam: To inject intravenously; shoot up.
slam: To perform coitus upon forcefully; to rail.
slam: To occupy and busy with a high workload.
slam: To defeat (opponents at cards) by winning all the tricks of a deal or a hand.
slam: To make a slam bid.
gang: To go; walk; proceed.
gang: To attach similar items together to form a larger unit.
gang: Pronunciation spelling of gan.
gang: Synonym of gangbang
waif: To cast aside or reject, and thus make a waif.
nope: To hit someone on the head.
peel: To remove the skin or outer covering of.
peel: To remove something from the outer or top layer of.
peel: To become detached, come away, especially in flakes or strips; to shed skin in such a way.
peel: To remove one's clothing.
peel: To move, separate (off or away).
peel: To play a peel shot.
peel: To send through a hoop (of a ball other than one's own).
peel: To plunder; to pillage, rob.
peel: Misspelling of peal: to sound loudly.
typo: To make a typographical error.
slag: To produce slag.
slag: To become slag; to agglomerate when heated below the fusion point.
slag: To reduce to slag.
slag: To talk badly about; to malign or denigrate (someone).
slag: To spit.
feud: To carry on a feud.
veil: To dress in, or decorate with, a veil.
veil: To conceal as with a veil.
sigh: To inhale a larger quantity of air than usual, and immediately expel it; to make a deep single audible respiration, especially as the result or involuntary expression of fatigue, exhaustion, grief, sorrow, frustration, or the like.
sigh: To lament; to grieve.
sigh: To utter sighs over; to lament or mourn over.
sigh: To make a sound like sighing.
sigh: To exhale (the breath) in sighs.
sigh: To express by sighs; to utter in or with sighs.
ripe: To ripen or mature
ripe: To search; to rummage.
sulk: To express ill humor or offence by remaining sullenly silent or withdrawn.
tang: To strike two metal objects together loudly in order to persuade a swarm of honeybees to land so it may be captured by the beekeeper.
tang: To make a ringing sound; to ring.
site: To situate or place a building or construction project.
JPEG: To create or convert an image into a JPEG file.
JPEG: To lossily compress an image file in such a way that much of the quality is removed.
wail: To cry out, as in sorrow or anguish.
wail: To weep, lament persistently or bitterly.
wail: To make a noise like mourning or crying.
wail: To lament; to bewail; to grieve over.
wail: To perform with great liveliness and force.
wail: Synonym of wale (“to choose; to select”)
tent: To go camping.
tent: To prop up aluminum foil in an inverted "V" (reminiscent of a pop-up tent) over food to reduce splatter, before putting it in the oven.
tent: To form into a tent-like shape.
tent: Synonym of fumigate
tent: To attend to; to heed
tent: to guard; to hinder.
tent: To probe or to search with a tent; to keep open with a tent.
stip: To stipulate.
wane: To progressively lose its splendor, value, ardor, power, intensity etc.; to decline.
wane: Said of light that dims or diminishes in strength.
wane: Said of the Moon as it passes through the phases of its monthly cycle where its surface is less and less visible.
wane: Said of a time period that comes to an end.
wane: To decrease physically in size, amount, numbers or surface.
wane: To cause to decrease.
pelt: To remove the skin from (an animal); to skin.
pelt: Chiefly followed by from: to remove (the skin) from an animal.
pelt: To remove feathers from (a bird).
pelt: To bombard (someone or something) with missiles.
pelt: To force (someone or something) to move using blows or the throwing of missiles.
pelt: Of a number of small objects (such as raindrops), or the sun's rays: to beat down or fall on (someone or something) in a shower.
pelt: Chiefly followed by at: to (continuously) throw (missiles) at.
pelt: To repeatedly beat or hit (someone or something).
pelt: To assail (someone) with harsh words in speech or writing; to abuse, to insult.
pelt: Especially of hailstones, rain, or snow: to beat down or fall forcefully or heavily; to rain down.
pelt: To move rapidly, especially in or on a conveyance.
pelt: Chiefly followed by at: to bombard someone or something with missiles continuously.
pelt: To throw out harsh words; to show anger.
pelt: To bargain for a better deal; to haggle.
snap: To fracture or break apart suddenly.
snap: To give forth or produce a sharp cracking noise; to crack.
snap: To attempt to seize or bite with the teeth, beak, etc.
snap: To attempt to seize with eagerness.
snap: To speak abruptly or sharply.
snap: To give way abruptly and loudly.
snap: To suffer a mental breakdown, usually while under tension.
snap: To flash or appear to flash as with light.
snap: To fit or fasten together with a snapping sound.
snap: To jump to a fixed position relative to another element.
snap: To snatch with or as if with the teeth.
snap: To pull apart with a snapping sound; to pop loose.
snap: To say abruptly or sharply.
snap: To speak to abruptly or sharply; to treat snappishly; usually with up.
snap: To cause something to emit a snapping sound, especially by closing it rapidly.
snap: To close something using a snap as a fastener.
snap: To snap one's fingers: to make a snapping sound, often by pressing the thumb and an opposing finger of the same hand together and suddenly releasing the grip so that the finger hits against the palm; alternatively, by bringing the index finger quickly down onto the middle finger and thumb.
snap: To cause to move suddenly and smartly.
snap: To take a photograph; to release a camera's shutter (which may make a snapping sound).
snap: To send a visual message through the Snapchat application.
snap: To put (a football) in play by a backward pass or handoff from its position on the ground; to hike (a football).
snap: To misfire.
snap: To catch out sharply (a batsman who has just snicked a bowled ball).
fret: Especially when describing animals: to consume, devour, or eat.
fret: To chafe or irritate; to worry.
fret: To make rough, to agitate or disturb; to cause to ripple.
fret: In the form fret out: to squander, to waste.
fret: To gnaw; to consume, to eat away.
fret: To be chafed or irritated; to be angry or vexed; to utter peevish expressions through irritation or worry.
fret: To be worn away; to chafe; to fray.
fret: To be anxious, to worry.
fret: To be agitated; to rankle; to be in violent commotion.
fret: To have secondary fermentation (fermentation occurring after the conversion of sugar to alcohol in beers and wine) take place.
fret: To decorate or ornament, especially with an interlaced or interwoven pattern, or (architecture) with carving or relief (raised) work.
fret: To form a pattern on; to variegate.
fret: To cut through with a fretsaw, to create fretwork.
fret: To bind, to tie, originally with a loop or ring.
fret: Musical senses.
fret: To fit frets on to (a musical instrument).
fret: Musical senses.
fret: To press down the string behind a fret.
dich: Obsolete form of ditch (“to dig a trench”).
jive: To deceive; to be deceptive.
jive: To dance, originally to jive or swing music; later, to jazz, rock and roll, rhythm and blues, disco, etc.
jive: To jibe, in the sense of to accord, to agree
desk: To shut up, as in a desk; to treasure.
desk: To equip with a desk or desks.
zonk: To hit hard .
zonk: To make (someone) sleepy or delirious, to put into a stupor .
zonk: To become exhausted, sleepy or delirious.
punk: To pimp.
punk: To forcibly perform anal sex upon (an unwilling partner).
punk: To prank.
punk: To give up or concede; to act like a wimp.
punk: To adapt or embellish in the style of the punk movement.
clam: To dig for clams.
clam: To produce, in bellringing, a clam or clangor; to cause to clang.
clam: To be moist or glutinous; to stick; to adhere.
clam: To clog, as with glutinous or viscous matter.
dunk: To submerge briefly in a liquid.
dunk: To set down carelessly.
dunk: To put the ball directly downward through the hoop while grabbing onto the rim with power.
dunk: To put down on social media [+ on (object)].
tart: To practice prostitution.
tart: To practice promiscuous sex.
tart: To dress garishly, ostentatiously, whorishly, or sluttily.
weed: To remove unwanted vegetation from a cultivated area (especially grass).
weed: To pilfer the best items from a collection.
weed: To systematically remove materials from a library collection based on a set of criteria.
weed: simple past and past participle of wee
slap: To give a slap to.
slap: To cause something to strike soundly.
slap: To strike soundly against something.
slap: To be excellent.
slap: To place, to put carelessly.
slap: To impose a penalty, etc. on (someone).
slap: To play slap bass on (an instrument).
nesh: To make soft, tender, or weak.
nesh: To act timidly.
rout: To assemble in a crowd, whether orderly or disorderly; to collect in company.
rout: To completely defeat and force into disorderly retreat (an enemy force, opponent in sport, etc.).
rout: To retreat from a confrontation in disorder.
rout: To snore, especially loudly.
rout: To make a noise; to bellow, to roar, to snort.
rout: Especially of the sea, thunder, wind, etc.: to make a loud roaring noise; to howl, to roar, to rumble.
rout: Of a person: to say or shout (something) loudly.
rout: Of a person: to speak loudly; to bellow, roar, to shout.
rout: Of an animal, especially cattle: to low or moo loudly; to bellow.
rout: To dig or plough (earth or the ground); to till.
rout: Usually followed by out or up: of a person: to search for and find (something); also (transitive) to completely empty or clear out (something).
rout: Usually followed by from: to compel (someone) to leave a place; specifically (usually followed by out or up), to cause (someone) to get out of bed.
rout: Of an animal, especially a pig: to search (for something) in the ground with the snout; to root.
rout: To use a gouge, router, or other tool to scoop out material (from a metallic, wooden, etc., surface), forming a groove or recess.
rout: Of a person: to search through belongings, a place, etc.; to rummage.
rout: Usually followed by out or up: to dig or pull up (a plant) by the roots; to extirpate, to uproot.
rout: Usually followed by out: to find and eradicate (something harmful or undesirable); to root out.
rout: To beat or strike (someone or something); to assail (someone or something) with blows.
temp: To work as a temporary employee.
clip: To grip tightly.
clip: To fasten with a clip.
clip: To hug, embrace.
clip: To collect signatures, generally with the use of a clipboard.
clip: To cut, especially with scissors or shears as opposed to a knife etc.
clip: To curtail; to cut short.
clip: To strike with the hand.
clip: To hit or strike, especially in passing.
clip: To perform an illegal tackle, throwing the body across the back of an opponent's leg or hitting him from the back below the waist while moving up from behind unless the opponent is a runner or the action is in close line play.
clip: To cut off a signal level at a certain maximum value.
clip: To discard (an occluded part of a model or scene) rather than waste resources on rendering it.
clip: To move (through or into) (a rendered object or barrier).
clip: To cheat, swindle, or fleece.
clip: to grab or take stealthily.
clip: To make a clip; to cut a section of video from a film, broadcast, or other longer video.
clip: To treat (an aneurysm) by closing it off with a physical clip.
sade: To tire, weary.
thaw: To gradually melt, dissolve, or become fluid; to soften from frozen
thaw: To become so warm as to melt ice and snow — said in reference to the weather, and used impersonally.
thaw: To grow gentle or genial.
thaw: To gradually cause frozen things (such as earth, snow, ice) to melt, soften, or dissolve.
shin: To climb a mast, tree, rope, or the like, by embracing it alternately with the arms and legs, without help of steps, spurs, or the like.
shin: To strike with the shin.
shin: To run about borrowing money hastily and temporarily, as when trying to make a payment.
rame: To complain or cry incessantly.
rame: To talk nonsensically.
ASBO: To issue an Anti-Social Behaviour Order to.
bush: To branch thickly in the manner of a bush.
bush: To set bushes for; to support with bushes.
bush: To use a bush harrow on (land), for covering seeds sown; to harrow with a bush.
bush: To become bushy (often used with up).
bush: To furnish with a bush or lining; to line.
trip: To fall over or stumble over an object as a result of striking it with one's foot
trip: To cause (a person or animal) to fall or stumble by knocking their feet from under them.
trip: To be guilty of a misstep or mistake; to commit an offence against morality, propriety, etc
trip: To detect in a misstep; to catch; to convict.
trip: To activate or set in motion, as in the activation of a trap, explosive, or switch.
trip: To be activated, as by a signal or an event
trip: Of an electrical circuit, to trip out (through overload, a short circuit).
trip: To experience a state of reverie or to hallucinate, due to consuming psychoactive drugs.
trip: To journey, to make a trip.
trip: To move with light, quick steps; to walk or move lightly; to skip.
trip: To raise (an anchor) from the bottom, by its cable or buoy rope, so that it hangs free.
trip: To pull (a yard) into a perpendicular position for lowering it.
trip: To become unreasonably upset, especially over something unimportant; to cause a scene or a disruption.
sean: Dated form of seine.
surf: To ride a wave on a surfboard; to pursue or take part in the sport of surfing.
surf: To surf at a specified place.
surf: To bodysurf; to swim in the surf at a beach.
surf: To browse the Internet, television, etc.
kiln: To bake in a kiln; to fire.
lait: To seek; search for; inquire.
dood: Alternative form of doot.
wang: To batter; to clobber; to conk.
wang: To throw hard.
hike: To take a long walk for pleasure or exercise.
hike: To unfairly or suddenly raise a price.
hike: To snap the ball to start a play.
hike: To lean out to the windward side of a sailboat in order to counterbalance the effects of the wind on the sails.
hike: To pull up or tug upwards sharply.
jury: To judge by means of a jury.
caws: third-person singular simple present indicative of caw
item: To make a note of.
text: To send a text message to; i.e. to transmit text using the Short Message Service (SMS), or a similar service, between communications devices, particularly mobile phones.
text: To send and receive text messages.
text: To write in large characters, as in text hand.
pray: To direct words, thoughts, or one's attention to a deity or any higher being, for the sake of adoration, thanks, petition for help, etc.
pray: To humbly beg a person for aid or their time.
pray: To ask earnestly for; to seek to obtain by supplication; to entreat for.
pray: To wish or hope strongly for a particular outcome.
pray: To implore, to entreat, to request.
mise: To make a risky move with no regard for the consequences when the alternative is certain defeat.
dusk: To begin to lose light or whiteness; to grow dusk.
dusk: To make dusk.
lade: To fill or load (related to cargo or a shipment).
lade: To weigh down, oppress, or burden.
lade: To use a ladle or dipper to remove something (generally water).
lade: To transfer (molten glass) from the pot to the forming table, in making plate glass.
lade: To admit water by leakage.
meld: To combine (multiple things) together; to blend, to fuse.
meld: To combine, to blend, to fuse.
meld: Especially in games of the rummy family:
meld: To announce or play (a combination of playing cards) and thus score points.
meld: Especially in games of the rummy family:
meld: To announce or play a combination of playing cards and thus score points.
POST: To successfully perform a power-on self-test.
hump: To bend something into a hump.
hump: To carry (something), especially with some exertion.
hump: To rhythmically thrust the pelvis in a manner conducive to sexual intercourse.
hump: To dry-hump.
hump: To rhythmically thrust the pelvis in a manner conducive to sexual intercourse.
hump: To have sex (with).
hump: To exert oneself; to make an effort.
hump: To vex or annoy.
hump: To shunt wagons / freight cars over the hump in a hump yard.
hood: To cover something with a hood.
wink: To close one's eyes in sleep.
wink: To close one's eyes.
wink: Usually followed by at: to look the other way, to turn a blind eye.
wink: To close one's eyes quickly and involuntarily; to blink.
wink: To blink with only one eye as a message, signal, or suggestion, usually with an implication of conspiracy. (When transitive, the object may be the eye being winked, or the message being conveyed.)
wink: To gleam fitfully or intermitently; to twinkle; to flicker.
norm: To endow (a vector space, etc.) with a norm.
LART: To strike with a LART.
rile: To stir or move from a state of calm or order.
rile: To make angry.
mush: To squish so as to break into smaller pieces or to combine with something else.
mush: To walk, especially across the snow with dogs.
mush: To drive dogs, usually pulling a sled, across the snow.
mush: To notch, cut, or indent (cloth, etc.) with a stamp.
glue: To join or attach something using glue.
glue: To cause something to adhere closely to; to cause to follow attentively.
glue: To apply glue.
boll: To form a boll or seed vessel; to go to seed.
slog: To walk slowly or doggedly, encountering resistance.
slog: To work slowly and deliberately at a tedious task.
slog: To strike something with a heavy blow, especially a ball with a bat.
skim: To pass lightly; to glide along in an even, smooth course; to glide along near the surface.
skim: To pass near the surface of; to brush the surface of; to glide swiftly along the surface of.
skim: To hasten along with superficial attention.
skim: To put on a finishing coat of plaster.
skim: To throw an object so it bounces on water.
skim: To ricochet.
skim: To read quickly, skipping some detail.
skim: To scrape off; to remove (something) from a surface
skim: To clear (a liquid) from scum or substance floating or lying on it, by means of a utensil that passes just beneath the surface.
skim: To clear a liquid from (scum or substance floating or lying on it), especially the cream that floats on top of fresh milk.
skim: To steal money from a business before the transaction has been recorded, thus avoiding detection.
skim: To surreptitiously scan a payment card in order to obtain its information for fraudulent purposes.
skim: To become coated over.
gams: third-person singular simple present indicative of gam
itch: To feel itchy; to feel a need to be scratched.
itch: To have a constant, teasing urge; to feel strongly motivated; to want or desire something.
itch: To cause to feel an itch.
itch: To scratch or rub so as to relieve an itch.
pony: To lead (a horse) from another horse.
pony: To use a crib or cheat-sheet in translating.
sore: To mutilate the legs or feet of (a horse) in order to induce a particular gait.
ages: third-person singular simple present indicative of age
fist: To strike with the fist.
fist: To close (the hand) into a fist.
fist: To grip with a fist.
fist: To fist-fuck.
fist: To break wind.
dome: To give a domed shape to.
dome: To shoot in the head.
dome: To perform fellatio on.
gaum: To understand; comprehend; consider.
gaum: To smear.
gaum: Alternative form of gorm (to make a mess of).
cuff: To furnish with cuffs.
cuff: To handcuff.
cuff: To hit, as a reproach, particularly with the open palm to the head; to slap.
cuff: To fight; to scuffle; to box.
cuff: To buffet.
gush: To flow forth suddenly, in great volume.
gush: To send (something) flowing forth suddenly in great volume.
gush: To ejaculate during orgasm.
gush: To make an excessive display of enthusiasm, praise, or sentiment.
raft: To convey on a raft.
raft: To make into a raft.
raft: To travel by raft.
raft: To dock (toolbars, etc.) so that they share horizontal or vertical space.
raft: simple past and past participle of reave
filk: To perform filk music.
filk: To participate in a filk circle, including singing along.
filk: To write a parody of (a song).
rort: To cheat or defraud.
tusk: To dig up using a tusk, as boars do.
tusk: To gore with the tusks.
tusk: To bare or gnash the teeth.
feck: To steal.
feck: Used in place of fuck.
girt: To gird.
girt: To bind horizontally, as with a belt or girdle.
girt: To measure the girth of.
girt: simple past and past participle of gird
girt: to capsize because of forces in the cable attaching it to another vessel.
yank: To pull (something) with a quick, strong action.
yank: To remove from distribution.
stun: To incapacitate; especially by inducing disorientation or unconsciousness.
stun: To shock or surprise.
stun: To hit the cue ball so that it slides without topspin or backspin (and with or without sidespin) and continues at a natural angle after contact with the object ball
shun: To avoid, especially persistently; ostracize.
shun: To escape (a threatening evil, an unwelcome task etc).
shun: To screen, hide.
shun: To shove, push.
yarn: To tell a story or stories, especially one that is lengthy or unlikely to be true.
curb: To check, restrain or control.
curb: To rein in.
curb: To furnish with a curb, as a well; to restrain by a curb, as a bank of earth.
curb: Ellipsis of curb stomp.
curb: To bring to a stop beside a curb.
curb: To damage vehicle wheels or tires by running into or over a pavement curb.
curb: To bend or curve.
curb: To crouch; to cringe.
helm: To control the helm (noun sense 1) of (a marine vessel); to be in charge of steering (a vessel).
helm: To direct or lead (a project, etc.); to manage (an organization).
helm: To cover (a head) with a helmet; to provide (someone) with a helmet; to helmet.
helm: To lay out (stalks of corn, or straw) straight to be used for thatching roofs; to yelm.
task: To assign a task to, or impose a task on.
task: To oppress with severe or excessive burdens; to tax
task: To charge, as with a fault.
kerb: To damage vehicle wheels or tyres by running into or over a pavement kerb.
kerb: To take a dog to the kerb for the purpose of evacuating.
sink: To move or be moved into something.
sink: To descend or submerge (or to cause to do so) into a liquid or similar substance.
sink: To move or be moved into something.
sink: To (directly or indirectly) cause a vessel to sink, generally by making it no longer watertight.
sink: To move or be moved into something.
sink: To push (something) into something.
sink: To move or be moved into something.
sink: To make by digging or delving.
sink: To move or be moved into something.
sink: To pot; hit a ball into a pocket or hole.
sink: To diminish or be diminished.
sink: To experience apprehension, disappointment, dread, or momentary depression.
sink: To diminish or be diminished.
sink: To cause to decline; to depress or degrade.
sink: To diminish or be diminished.
sink: To demean or lower oneself; to do something below one's status, standards, or morals.
sink: To conceal and appropriate.
sink: To keep out of sight; to suppress; to ignore.
sink: To drink (especially something alcoholic).
sink: To pay absolutely.
sink: To reduce or extinguish by payment.
sink: To be overwhelmed or depressed; to fail in strength.
sink: To die.
sink: To decrease in volume, as a river; to subside; to become diminished in volume or in apparent height.
poll: To take, record the votes of (an electorate).
poll: To solicit mock votes from (a person or group).
poll: To vote at an election.
poll: To register or deposit, as a vote; to elicit or call forth, as votes or voters.
poll: To cut off; to remove by clipping, shearing, etc.; to mow or crop.
poll: To cut the hair of (a creature).
poll: To remove the horns of (an animal).
poll: To remove the top or end of; to clip; to lop.
poll: To (repeatedly) request the status of something (such as a computer or printer on a network).
poll: To be judged in a poll.
poll: To extort from; to plunder; to strip. Especially in conjunction with pill for emphasis.
poll: To impose a tax upon.
poll: To pay as one's personal tax.
poll: To enter, as polls or persons, in a list or register; to enroll, especially for purposes of taxation; to enumerate one by one.
poll: To cut or shave smooth or even; to cut in a straight line without indentation
bond: To connect, secure or tie with a bond; to bind.
bond: To cause to adhere (one material with another).
bond: To form a chemical compound with.
bond: To guarantee or secure a financial risk.
bond: To form a friendship or emotional connection.
bond: To put in a bonded warehouse; to secure (goods) until the associated duties are paid.
bond: To lay bricks in a specific pattern.
bond: To make a reliable electrical connection between two conductors (or any pieces of metal that may potentially become conductors).
bond: To bail out by means of a bail bond.
hoon: To drive excessively quickly, loudly or irresponsibly.
hoon: To make a hooting or howling sound.
RSVP: To reply to an invitation.
RSVP: To reserve a place
fort: To create a fort, fortifications, a strong point, or a redoubt.
urge: To press; to push; to drive; to impel; to force onward.
urge: To put mental pressure on; to ply with motives, arguments, persuasion, or importunity.
urge: To provoke; to exasperate.
urge: To press hard upon; to follow closely.
urge: To present in an urgent manner; to insist upon.
urge: To treat with forcible means; to take severe or violent measures with.
urge: To press onward or forward.
urge: To be pressing in argument; to insist; to persist.
plus: To add; to subject to addition.
plus: To increase in magnitude.
plus: To improve.
plus: To provide critical feedback by giving suggestions for improvement rather than criticisms.
plus: To sell additional related items with an original purchase.
plus: To frame in a positive light; to provide a sympathetic interpretation.
plus: To give a mark of approval on Google+.
plus: To increase the potency of a remedy by diluting it in water and stirring.
plus: To increase a correction.
grit: Apparently only in grit one's teeth: to clench, particularly in reaction to pain or anger.
grit: To cover with grit.
grit: To give forth a grating sound, like sand under the feet; to grate; to grind.
rush: To hurry; to perform a task with great haste, often not properly or without thinking carefully.
rush: To flow or move forward rapidly or noisily.
rush: To dribble rapidly.
rush: To run directly at another player in order to block or disrupt play.
rush: To cause to move or act with unusual haste.
rush: To make a swift or sudden attack.
rush: To swiftly attack without warning.
rush: To attack (an opponent) with a large swarm of units.
rush: To transport or carry quickly.
rush: To roquet an object ball to a particular location on the lawn.
rush: To attempt to join a fraternity or sorority, often involving a hazing or initiation process.
rush: To recite (a lesson) or pass (an examination) without an error.
rush: To play at a faster tempo than one is supposed to or than the other musicians one is playing with, or to inadvertently gradually increase tempo while one is playing.
moss: To become covered with moss.
moss: To cover (something) with moss.
solo: To perform a solo.
solo: To perform something in the absence of anyone else.
solo: To drop the ball and then toe-kick it upward into the hands.
solo: To independently perform an action, especially a challenging task.
halt: To limp; move with a limping gait.
halt: To stand in doubt whether to proceed, or what to do; hesitate; be uncertain; linger; delay; mammer.
halt: To be lame, faulty, or defective, as in connection with ideas, or in measure, or in versification.
halt: To waver.
halt: To falter.
halt: To stop marching.
halt: To stop either temporarily or permanently.
halt: To bring to a stop.
halt: To cause to discontinue.
rear: To bring up to maturity, as offspring; to educate; to instruct; to foster.
rear: To breed and raise.
rear: To rise up on the hind legs
rear: To get angry.
rear: To rise high above, tower above.
rear: To raise physically or metaphorically; to lift up; to cause to rise, to elevate.
rear: To construct by building; to set up
rear: To raise spiritually; to lift up; to elevate morally.
rear: To lift and take up.
rear: To rouse; to strip up.
rear: To place in the rear; to secure the rear of.
rear: To sodomize (perform anal sex)
rear: To move; stir.
rear: To carve.
rear: To revive, bring to life, quicken. (only in the phrase, to rear to life)
spaz: To have a tantrum or fit.
spaz: To malfunction, go on the fritz.
cone: To fashion into the shape of a cone.
cone: To form a cone shape.
cone: To segregate or delineate an area using traffic cones.
jawn: Obsolete form of yawn.
blur: To make indistinct or hazy, to obscure or dim.
blur: To smear, stain or smudge.
blur: To become indistinct.
blur: To cause imperfection of vision in; to dim; to darken.
blur: To sully; to stain; to blemish, as reputation.
blur: To transfer the input focus away from.
blur: To use a sign, image, expression, etc. sufficiently close to a trademarked one that it causes confusion between them.
days: third-person singular simple present indicative of day
bosh: To consume (illicit drugs).
hath: third-person singular simple present indicative of have
wimp: To behave submissively.
wimp: To render wimpy.
mold: To shape in or on a mold; to form into a particular shape; to give shape to.
mold: To guide or determine the growth or development of; influence
mold: To fit closely by following the contours of.
mold: To make a mold of or from (molten metal, for example) before casting.
mold: To ornament with moldings.
mold: To be shaped in or as if in a mold.
mold: To cause to become moldy; to cause mold to grow upon.
mold: To become moldy; to be covered or filled, in whole or in part, with a mold.
mold: To cover with mold or soil.
tune: To adjust (a musical instrument) so that it produces the correct pitches.
tune: To adjust or modify (esp. a mechanical or electrical device) so that it functions optimally.
tune: To adjust the frequency on a radio or TV set, so as to receive the desired channel.
tune: Of faculties, senses, etc.: to adapt to or direct towards a particular target.
tune: To make more precise, intense, or effective; to put into a proper state or disposition.
tune: To attune; to adapt in style of music; to make harmonious.
tune: To give a certain tone or character to.
tune: To set (lyrics) to music.
tune: To sing with melody or harmony.
tune: To be impudent towards; to cheek.
tune: to adjust the parameters of singing voice synthesis software such as VOCALOID (in order to achieve certain singing techniques, increase the human quality of the voice, etc.)
drum: To beat a drum.
drum: To beat with a rapid succession of strokes.
drum: To drill or review in an attempt to establish memorization.
drum: To throb, as the heart.
drum: To go about, as a drummer does, to gather recruits, to draw or secure partisans, customers, etc.; used with for.
drum: Of various animals, to make a vocalisation or mechanical sound that resembles drumming.
soot: To cover or dress with soot.
dado: To furnish with a dado.
dado: To cut a dado.
nuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of nut
hiss: To make a hissing sound.
hiss: To call someone by hissing.
hiss: To condemn or express contempt (for someone or something) by hissing.
hiss: To utter (something) with a hissing sound.
hiss: To move with a hissing sound.
hiss: To emit or eject (something) with a hissing sound.
hiss: To whisper, especially angrily or urgently.
cats: third-person singular simple present indicative of cat
halo: To encircle with a halo.
fond: To have a foolish affection for, to be fond of.
fond: To caress; to fondle.
miss: To fail to hit.
miss: To fail to achieve or attain.
miss: To avoid; to escape.
miss: To become aware of the loss or absence of; to feel the want or need of, sometimes with regret.
miss: To fail to understand;
miss: To fail to notice; to have a shortcoming of perception; overlook.
miss: To fail to attend.
miss: To be late for something (a means of transportation, a deadline, etc.).
miss: To be wanting; to lack something that should be present.
miss: To spare someone of something unwanted or undesirable.
miss: To fail to help the hand of a player.
miss: To fail to score (a goal).
miss: To go wrong; to err.
miss: To be absent, deficient, or wanting.
vibe: To stimulate with a vibrator.
vibe: To relax and enjoy oneself.
vibe: To agree.
vibe: To get along; to hit it off.
vibe: To feel in agreement with; to appreciate.
idle: To spend in idleness; to waste; to consume.
idle: To lose or spend time doing nothing, or without being employed in business.
idle: Of an engine: to run at a slow speed, or out of gear; to tick over.
idle: To cause (an engine) to idle(3)
twin: To separate, divide.
twin: To split, part; to go away, depart.
twin: To join, unite; to form links between (now especially of two places in different countries); to pair with.
twin: To give birth to twins.
twin: To be, or be like, a twin to (someone else); to match in some way.
twin: To be, or be like, a pair of twins (for example, to dress identically); to be paired or suited.
simp: To be especially deferential to and emotionally vulnerable with a woman, often with the intent of receiving sexual gratification.
simp: To obsequiously praise or admire.
simp: To reminisce melancholically; to recall once fond memories now tinged with sadness, especially regarding a former lover.
snub: To slight, ignore or behave coldly toward someone.
snub: To turn down insultingly; to dismiss.
snub: To check; to reprimand.
snub: To stub out (a cigarette etc).
snub: To halt the movement of a rope etc by turning it about a cleat or bollard etc; to secure a vessel in this manner.
snub: To clip or break off the end of; to check or stunt the growth of.
snub: To sob with convulsions.
ooze: To be secreted or slowly leak.
ooze: To give off a strong sense of (something); to exude.
coop: To keep in a coop.
coop: To shut up or confine in a narrow space; to cramp.
coop: To unlawfully confine one or more voters to prevent them from casting their ballots in an election.
coop: Of a police officer: to sleep or relax while on duty.
coop: To make or repair barrels, casks and other wooden vessels; to work upon in the manner of a cooper.
veer: To let out (a sail-line), to allow (a sheet) to run out.
veer: To change direction or course suddenly; to swerve.
veer: To shift in a clockwise direction (if in the Northern Hemisphere, or in a counterclockwise direction if in the Southern Hemisphere).
veer: To shift aft.
veer: To change direction into the wind; to wear ship.
veer: To turn.
gelt: simple past and past participle of geld
hula: To dance the hula.
gard: Obsolete spelling of guard
musk: To perfume with musk.
ahoy: To hail with a cry of "ahoy".
exam: Shortened form of examine
bedo: To shut; make or put to.
bedo: To befoul; defile with ordure.
bedo: To adorn; ornament; garnish.
zone: To divide into or assign to sections or areas.
zone: To define the property use classification of (an area).
zone: To enter a daydream state temporarily, for instance as a result of boredom, fatigue, or intoxication; to doze off.
berm: To provide something with a berm
haul: To transport by drawing or pulling, as with horses or oxen, or a motor vehicle.
haul: To draw or pull something heavy.
haul: To carry or transport something, with a connotation that the item is heavy or otherwise difficult to move.
haul: To drag, to pull, to tug.
haul: Followed by up: to summon to be disciplined or held answerable for something.
haul: To pull apart, as oxen sometimes do when yoked.
haul: To steer (a vessel) closer to the wind.
haul: Of the wind: to shift fore (more towards the bow).
haul: To haul ass (“go fast”).
woof: To place (yarns) crosswise at right angles to and interlaced with the warp in a loom.
woof: To interweave (something) with another thing; to weave (several things) together.
woof: To say (something) in an aggressive or boastful manner.
woof: To eat (food) voraciously; to devour, to gobble, to wolf.
woof: Of a dog: to bark.
woof: Of a person or thing: to make a sound resembling a dog's bark.
woof: To speak in an aggressive or boastful manner.
woof: Alternative form of wwoof
kink: To laugh loudly.
kink: To gasp for breath as in a severe fit of coughing.
kink: To form a kink or twist.
kink: To be formed into a kink or twist.
flit: To move about rapidly and nimbly.
flit: To move quickly from one location to another.
flit: To unpredictably change state for short periods of time.
flit: To move house (sometimes a sudden move to avoid debts).
flit: To move a tethered animal to a new, grazing location.
flit: To be unstable; to be easily or often moved.
girn: To grimace; to snarl.
girn: To whinge, moan, complain.
girn: To make elaborate unnatural and distorted faces as a form of amusement or in a girning competition.
gawk: To stare or gape stupidly.
gawk: To stare conspicuously.
gawk: To suck.
thug: To commit acts of thuggery, to live the life of a thug, or to dress and act in a manner reminiscent of someone who does.
rove: To shoot with arrows (at).
rove: To roam, or wander about at random, especially over a wide area.
rove: To roam or wander through.
rove: To card wool or other fibres.
rove: To twist slightly; to bring together, as slivers of wool or cotton, and twist slightly before spinning.
rove: To draw through an eye or aperture.
rove: To plough into ridges by turning the earth of two furrows together.
rove: To practice robbery on the seas; to voyage about on the seas as a pirate.
rove: simple past of rive
rove: simple past of reeve
buoy: To keep afloat or aloft; used with up.
buoy: To support or maintain at a high level.
buoy: To mark with a buoy.
buoy: To maintain or enhance enthusiasm or confidence; to lift the spirits of.
gust: To blow in gusts.
gust: To taste.
gust: To have a relish for.
trek: To make a slow or arduous journey.
trek: To journey on foot, especially to hike through mountainous areas.
trek: To travel by ox wagon.
trek: To travel by walking.
pont: to pose until nearly frozen in all sorts of uncomfortable positions.
borg: Alternative spelling of Borg
amok: Synonym of run amok
redd: To free from entanglement.
redd: To free from embarrassment.
redd: To fix boundaries.
redd: To comb hair.
redd: To separate combatants.
redd: To settle, usually a quarrel.
redd: To tidy up, clear away Suggest related to Norwegian å rydde. To tidy, clear away
redd: To clean, tidy up, to put in order.
redd: simple past and past participle of rede
redd: simple past and past participle of read
sear: To char, scorch, or burn the surface of (something) with a hot instrument.
sear: To wither; to dry up.
sear: To make callous or insensible.
sear: To mark permanently, as if by burning.
shoo: To induce someone or something to leave.
shoo: To leave under inducement.
shoo: To usher someone.
lube: To lubricate.
fave: Favorite (US) or favourite (UK)
vext: simple past and past participle of vex
viva: To cheer, applaud
viva: To subject to an examination of this kind.
kilt: To gather up (skirts) around the body.
kilt: Nonstandard form of killed: simple past and past participle of kill.
lamp: To hit, clout, belt, wallop.
lamp: To hunt at night using a lamp, during which bright lights are used to dazzle the hunted animal or to attract insects for capture.
lamp: To hang out or chill; to do nothing in particular.
lamp: To make into a table lamp, said of a vase or urn, etc.
taps: third-person singular simple present indicative of tap
runs: third-person singular simple present indicative of run
ends: third-person singular simple present indicative of end
eyed: simple past and past participle of eye
flog: To whip or scourge as punishment.
flog: To use something to extreme; to abuse.
flog: To sell.
flog: To steal something.
flog: To defeat easily or convincingly.
flog: To overexploit (land), as by overgrazing, overstocking, etc.
flog: To beat away charcoal dust etc. using a flogger.
doss: To avoid work, shirk, etc.
doss: To sleep in the open or in a derelict building because one is homeless.
post: To hang (a notice) in a conspicuous manner for general review.
post: To hold up to public blame or reproach; to advertise opprobriously; to denounce by public proclamation.
post: To carry (an account) from the journal to the ledger.
post: To inform; to give the news to; to make acquainted with the details of a subject; often with up.
post: To deposit a payment that may or may not be returned.
post: To pay (a stake or blind).
post: To deposit a payment that may or may not be returned.
post: To pay bail.
post: To travel with relays of horses; to travel by post horses, originally as a courier.
post: To travel quickly; to hurry.
post: To send (an item of mail etc.) through the postal service.
post: To rise and sink in the saddle, in accordance with the motion of the horse, especially in trotting.
post: To publish (a message) to a newsgroup, forum, blog, etc.
post: To enter (a name) on a list, as for service, promotion, etc.
post: To assign to a station; to set; to place.
nark: To watch; to observe.
nark: To serve or behave as a spy or informer.
nark: To annoy or irritate.
nark: To complain.
nark: To stop.
narc: Alternative spelling of nark
narc: To suffer from impaired judgment due to nitrogen narcosis (for example, while scuba diving).
sets: third-person singular simple present indicative of set
knap: To shape a brittle material having conchoidal fracture, usually a mineral (flint, obsidian, chert etc.), by breaking away flakes, often forming a sharp edge or point.
knap: To rap or strike sharply.
knap: To bite; to bite off; to break short.
knap: To make a sound of snapping.
legs: third-person singular simple present indicative of leg
sken: to squint
sken: to glance
gods: third-person singular simple present indicative of god
fuzz: To make fuzzy.
fuzz: To become fuzzy.
fuzz: To make drunk.
fuzz: To test a software component by running it on randomly generated input.
fuzz: To fly off in minute particles with a fizzing sound, like water from hot metal.
husk: To remove husks from.
husk: To cough, clear one's throat.
husk: To say huskily, to utter in a husky voice.
knag: To hang something on a peg
scam: To defraud or embezzle.
scam: To seek out a partner for casual sex; to hit on.
hint: To imply without a direct statement; to provide a clue.
hint: To bring to mind by a slight mention or remote allusion; to suggest in an indirect manner.
hint: To develop and add hints to a font.
donk: To hit
donk: To mess around, to play
donk: To provide a second person with a lift on a bicycle (formerly, on a horse), seating the passenger either in front (on the handlebar) or behind (sharing the seat); to travel as a passenger in such manner.
donk: To make a donk bet.
donk: To moisten; dampen
donk: To drizzle
fume: To expose (something) to fumes; specifically, to expose wood, etc., to ammonia in order to produce dark tints.
fume: To apply or offer incense to.
fume: To emit fumes.
fume: To pass off in fumes or vapours.
fume: To express or feel great anger.
fume: To be as in a mist; to be dulled and stupefied.
yelp: To utter an abrupt, high-pitched noise.
gill: To remove the gills from a fish as part of gutting and cleaning it.
gill: To catch (a fish) in a gillnet.
gill: To be or become entangled in a gillnet.
gill: To act as a prostitute.
chow: To eat.
chow: To call a discarded tile to produce a chow.
hull: To remove the outer covering of a fruit or seed.
hull: To drift; to be carried by the impetus of wind or water on the ship's hull alone, with sails furled.
hull: To hit (a ship) in the hull with cannon fire etc.
swab: To use a swab on something, or clean something with a swab.
faff: To waste time on an unproductive activity.
giro: To transfer funds between different account holders, carried out by the bank according to payer's written instructions.
knob: To have sex with.
tiff: To quarrel.
tiff: To deck out; to dress.
tiff: To have lunch.
smug: To make smug, or spruce.
smug: To seize; to confiscate.
smug: To hush up.
ogle: To stare at (someone or something), especially impertinently, amorously, or covetously.
tabu: Alternative spelling of taboo
skip: To move by hopping on alternate feet.
skip: To leap about lightly.
skip: To skim, ricochet or bounce over a surface.
skip: To throw (something), making it skim, ricochet, or bounce over a surface.
skip: To disregard, miss or omit part of a continuation (some item or stage).
skip: Not to attend (some event, especially a class or a meeting).
skip: To leave, especially in a sudden and covert manner.
skip: To leap lightly over.
skip: To jump rope.
skip: To cause the stylus to jump back to the previous loop of the record's groove, continously repeating that part of the sound, as a result of excessive scratching or wear. (of a phonograph record)
skip: To pass by a stitch as if it were not there, continuing with the next stitch.
skip: To have insufficient ink transfer.
skip: To place an item in a skip (etymology 2, sense 1).
yiff: To have sex, to mate (said of animals, especially foxes, or people dressed up as animals).
yiff: To propose cybersex to someone.
gyve: To shackle, fetter, chain.
taut: To make taut; to tauten, to tighten.
grin: To smile, parting the lips so as to show the teeth.
grin: To express by grinning.
grin: To show the teeth, like a snarling dog.
grin: To grin as part of producing a particular facial expression, such as a smile or sneer.
coil: To wind or reel e.g. a wire or rope into regular rings, often around a centerpiece.
coil: To wind into loops (roughly) around a common center.
coil: To wind cylindrically or spirally.
coil: To build a pot (etc) with clay coils.
coil: To encircle and hold with, or as if with, coils.
quad: To twist four individually insulated conductors together as two pairs of twisted wires that are then twisted together.
quad: to ride a quad bike
quad: To fill spaces in a line of type with quads. Also quad out.
quad: To align text with the left or right margin, or centre it.
coax: To fondle, kid, pet, tease.
coax: To wheedle or persuade (a person, organisation, animal etc.) gradually or by use of flattery to do something.
coax: To carefully manipulate (someone or something) into a particular desired state, situation or position.
cope: To deal effectively with something, especially if difficult.
cope: To cut and form a mitred joint in wood or metal.
cope: To clip the beak or talons of a bird.
cope: To cover (a joint or structure) with coping.
cope: To form a cope or arch; to arch or bend; to bow.
cope: To bargain for; to buy.
cope: To exchange or barter.
cope: To make return for; to requite; to repay.
cope: To match oneself against; to meet; to encounter.
cope: To encounter; to meet; to have to do with.
cope: To tie or sew up the mouth of a ferret used for hunting rabbits.
cope: To silence or prevent from speaking.
stow: To put something away in a compact and tidy manner, in its proper place, or in a suitable place.
stow: To store or pack something in a space-saving manner and over a long time.
stow: To arrange, pack, or fill something tightly or closely.
stow: To dispose of, lodge, or hide somebody somewhere.
stow: To cease; to stop doing something.
parp: To sound a horn.
parp: To make the sound of a horn.
parp: To break wind.
parp: To talk nonsense.
lots: third-person singular simple present indicative of lot
minx: Used transitively when followed by it: to behave like a minx, that is, in a flirtatious and impudent manner.
minx: To make (someone) like a minx; (intransitive) to become like a minx.
cask: To put into a cask.
tidy: To make tidy; to neaten.
gasp: To draw in the breath suddenly, as if from a shock.
gasp: To breathe quickly or in a labored manner, as after exertion; to respire with heaving of the breast; to pant.
gasp: To speak in a breathless manner.
gasp: To pant with eagerness or excitement; to show vehement desire.
wilt: To droop or become limp and flaccid (as a dying leaf or flower).
wilt: To fatigue; to lose strength; to flag.
wilt: To cause to droop or become limp and flaccid (as a flower).
wilt: To cause to fatigue; to exhaust.
wilt: second-person singular simple present indicative of will
ithe: To thrive; flourish; prosper.
KISS: Acronym of keep it simple, stupid.
sass: To talk, to talk back.
sass: To speak insolently to.
whim: To be seized with a whim; to be capricious.
pose: To place in an attitude or fixed position, for the sake of effect.
pose: To ask; to set (a test, quiz, riddle, etc.).
pose: To constitute (a danger, a threat, a risk, etc.).
pose: To falsely impersonate (another person or occupation) primarily for the purpose of accomplishing something or reaching a goal.
pose: To assume or maintain a pose; to strike an attitude.
pose: To behave affectedly in order to attract interest or admiration.
pose: To interrogate; to question.
pose: To question with a view to puzzling; to embarrass by questioning or scrutiny; to bring to a stand.
pose: To ask (someone) questions; to interrogate.
pose: to puzzle, non-plus, or embarrass with difficult questions.
pose: To perplex or confuse (someone).
laud: To praise; to glorify.
flub: To goof, fumble, or err in the performance of an action.
waft: To (cause to) float easily or gently through the air.
waft: To be moved, or to pass, on a buoyant medium; to float.
waft: To give notice to by waving something; to wave the hand to; to beckon.
spod: To fish using a spod.
pung: simple past and past participle of ping
tomb: To bury.
gore: To pierce with the horn.
gore: To pierce with anything pointed, such as a spear.
gore: To cut in a triangular form.
gore: To provide with a gore.
warn: To make (someone) aware of (something impending); especially:
warn: To make (someone) aware of impending danger, evil, etc.
warn: To make (someone) aware of (something impending); especially:
warn: To notify or inform (someone, about something).
warn: To make (someone) aware of (something impending); especially:
warn: To summon (someone) to or inform of a formal meeting or duty.
warn: To make (someone) aware of (something impending); especially:
warn: To make a sound (e.g. clicking or whirring) indicating that it is about to strike or chime (an hour).
warn: To caution or admonish (someone) against unwise or unacceptable behaviour.
warn: To advise or order to go or stay away.
warn: To give warning.
dort: To become pettish; sulk.
roto: Clipping of rotoscope.
hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of hop
bile: Pronunciation spelling of boil.
jizz: To ejaculate; to eject semen.
jizz: To ejaculate on, over, or into; to cover in semen.
haka: To perform the haka.
frug: To perform this dance.
tuck: To pull or gather up (an item of fabric).
tuck: To push into a snug position; to place somewhere safe, or handy, or somewhat hidden.
tuck: To eat; to consume.
tuck: To fit neatly.
tuck: To curl into a ball; to fold up and hold one's legs.
tuck: To sew folds; to make a tuck or tucks in.
tuck: To full, as cloth.
tuck: To conceal one’s penis and testicles, as with a gaff or by fastening them down with adhesive tape.
tuck: To keep the thumb in position while moving the rest of the hand over it to continue playing keys that are outside the thumb.
tuck: Ellipsis of Mach tuck.
gank: To swindle.
gank: To steal.
gank: To kill much weaker players in an online video game in such a way that they cannot defend themselves. Common methods include attacking in much greater numbers or taking a well-equipped high-level character to assault players in a starting area.
whiz: To make a whirring or hissing sound, similar to that of an object speeding through the air.
whiz: To rush or move swiftly with such a sound.
whiz: To throw or spin rapidly.
whiz: To urinate.
BSOD: To fail critically and display a blue screen of death.
whoa: To attempt to slow (an animal) by crying "whoa".
blah: To utter idle, meaningless talk.
mosh: To dance by intentionally jumping into and colliding with other, similarly behaving dancers, and performing other wild, aggressive, or spastic movements.
mosh: To intentionally jump into and collide with another, similarly behaving dancer at a concert.
lure: To attract by temptation, appeal, or guile.
lure: To attract fish with a lure.
lure: To recall a hawk with a lure.
shid: Alternative spelling of should
sesh: To take part in a period of sustained cannabis smoking.
robe: To clothe; to dress.
robe: To put on official vestments.
punt: To propel a punt or similar craft by means of a pole.
punt: Of a fish, to walk along the seafloor using its fins as limbs.
punt: To dropkick; to kick something a considerable distance.
punt: To kick a ball dropped from the hands before it hits the ground. (This puts the ball farther from the goal across which the opposing team is attempting to score, so improves the chances of the team punting.)
punt: To dropkick; to kick something a considerable distance.
punt: To kick a bouncing ball far and high.
punt: To dropkick; to kick something a considerable distance.
punt: To equivocate and delay or put off (answering a question, addressing an issue, etc).
punt: To retreat from one's objective; to abandon an effort one still notionally supports.
punt: To make the best choice from a set of non-ideal alternatives.
punt: To eject; to kick out of a place.
punt: To play at basset, baccara, faro, etc.
punt: To stake against the bank, to back a horse, to gamble or take a chance more generally
punt: To make a highly speculative investment or other commitment, or take a wild guess.
flip: To throw so as to turn over.
flip: To put into a quick revolving motion through a snap of the thumb and index finger.
flip: To win a state (or county) won by another party in the preceding elections.
flip: To turn state's evidence; to agree to testify against one's co-conspirators in exchange for concessions from prosecutors.
flip: To induce someone to turn state's evidence; to get someone to agree to testify against their co-conspirators in exchange for concessions.
flip: To go berserk or crazy; to get extremely angry.
flip: To go berserk or crazy; to be extremely thrilled or enthusiastic.
flip: To buy an asset (usually a house), improve it and sell it quickly for profit.
flip: To refinance (a loan), accruing additional fees.
flip: To invert a bit (binary digit), changing it from 0 to 1 or from 1 to 0.
flip: To hand over or pass along.
flip: To switch to another task, etc.
flip: To flap.
haha: To laugh.
stew: To cook (food) by slowly boiling or simmering.
stew: To brew (tea) for too long, so that the flavour becomes too strong.
stew: To suffer under uncomfortably hot conditions.
stew: To be in a state of elevated anxiety or anger.
rasp: To use a rasp.
rasp: To make a noise similar to the one a rasp makes in use; to utter rasps.
rasp: To say in a raspy voice.
rasp: To work something with a rasp.
rasp: To grate harshly upon; to offend by coarse or rough treatment or language.
wick: To convey or draw off (liquid) by capillary action.
wick: To traverse (i.e. be conveyed by capillary action) through a wick or other porous material, as water through a sponge. Usually followed by through.
wick: To strike (a stone) obliquely; to strike (a stationary stone) just enough that the played stone changes direction.
hulk: To reduce (a ship) to a non-functional hulk.
hulk: To temporarily house (goods, people, etc.) in such a hulk.
hulk: To move (a large, hulking body).
hulk: To be a hulk, that is, a large, hulking, and often imposing presence.
hulk: Of a (large) person: to act or move slowly and clumsily.
hulk: To remove the entrails of; to disembowel.
wham: to strike or smash (into) something with great force or impact
writ: past of write
writ: past participle of write
burr: To grind using a burr (revolving disk or cone with abrasive surfaces).
burr: To pronounce with a uvular "r".
burr: To make a rough humming sound.
wend: To turn; change, to adapt.
wend: To direct (one's way or course); pursue one's way; proceed upon some course or way.
wend: To turn; make a turn; go round; veer.
wend: To pass away; disappear; depart; vanish.
nook: To withdraw into a nook.
nook: To situate in a nook.
pill: Of a woven fabric surface, to form small matted balls of fiber.
pill: To form into the shape of a pill.
pill: To medicate with pills.
pill: To persuade or convince someone of something.
pill: To blackball (a potential club member).
pill: To peel; to remove the outer layer of hair, skin, or bark.
pill: To peel; to make by removing the skin.
pill: To be peeled; to peel off in flakes.
pill: To pillage; to despoil or impoverish.
hush: To become quiet.
hush: To make quiet.
hush: To appease; to allay; to soothe.
hush: To clear off soil and other materials overlying the bedrock.
rats: third-person singular simple present indicative of rat
mich: Alternative form of mitch
OD's: third-person singular simple present indicative of OD
gulf: To engulf.
gulf: To award a degree to somebody who has only just passed sufficiently.
ware: To be ware or mindful of something.
ware: To protect or guard (especially oneself); to be on guard, be wary.
ware: To wear, or veer.
ware: Old eye dialect spelling of were.
ware: simple past of wear
trot: To move along briskly; specifically, to move at a pace between a walk and a run.
trot: To move at a gait between a walk and a canter.
trot: To cause to move, as a horse or other animal, in the pace called a trot; to cause to run without galloping or cantering.
trot: To bid against (a person) at an auction, so as to raise the price of the goods.
doth: third-person singular simple present indicative of do
jolt: To push or shake abruptly and roughly.
jolt: To knock sharply
jolt: To shock (someone) into taking action or being alert
jolt: To shock emotionally.
jolt: To shake; to move with a series of jerks.
roam: To wander or travel freely and with no specific destination.
roam: To range or wander over.
roam: To use a network or service from different locations or devices.
roam: To transmit (resources) between different locations or devices, to allow comparable usage from any of them.
hong: past of hang
yoyo: Alternative spelling of yo-yo
jock: To masturbate.
jock: To humiliate.
jock: To steal.
zorb: To roll downhill or engage in sports in a zorb ball.
razz: To tease playfully; to heckle.
razz: To tease playfully; to heckle.
razz: To heckle by blowing a raspberry.
razz: To drive a vehicle around aimlessly.
uses: third-person singular simple present indicative of use
bump: To knock against or run into with a jolt.
bump: To move up or down by a step; displace.
bump: To post in an Internet forum thread in order to raise the thread's profile by returning it to the top of the list of active threads.
bump: To suddenly boil, causing movement of the vessel and loss of liquid.
bump: To move (a booked passenger) to a later flight because of earlier delays or cancellations.
bump: To move the time of (a scheduled event).
bump: To pick (a lock) with a repeated striking motion that dislodges the pins.
bump: To make a loud, heavy, or hollow noise; to boom.
bump: To spread out material so as to fill any desired number of pages.
bump: To assassinate; to bump off.
bump: To displace (another employee in an organization) on the basis of seniority.
bump: To anger, irritate.
bump: In the game of khanhoo, to claim a newly discarded card when it is not one's turn, permitted when one can use the card to form a meld other than a sequence.
bump: Of a bittern, to make its characteristic breeding call.
meng: Alternative form of ming
yogi: To turn (someone) into a yogi; to lead into practicing yoga.
yogi: To persuade someone to give you food or other favors without actually begging.
bork: To defeat a person's appointment or election, judicial nomination, etc., through a concerted attack on the person's character, background, and philosophy.
bork: To misconfigure, break, or damage, especially a computer or other complex device.
bork: To become broken or damaged, especially of a computer or other complex device.
bork: (of a dog) To bark
bork: To boink.
boro: borrow
dumb: To silence.
dumb: To make stupid.
dumb: To represent as stupid.
dumb: To reduce the intellectual demands of.
yawp: To yelp, or utter a sharp cry, as in intense pain, or another raucous noise.
yawp: To talk loudly and coarsely.
yawp: To clamor, to utter loud complaints.
goes: third-person singular simple present indicative of go
vurp: To experience a combination of burping and vomiting.
sank: simple past of sink
heft: To lift up; especially, to lift something heavy.
heft: To test the weight of something by lifting it.
heft: past participle of heave
heft: To make (a farm animal, especially a flock of sheep) accustomed and attached to an area of mountain pasture.
chum: To share rooms with someone; to live together.
chum: To lodge (somebody) with another person or people.
chum: To make friends; to socialize.
chum: To accompany.
chum: To cast chum into the water to attract fish.
glib: To make smooth or slippery.
glib: To castrate; to geld; to emasculate.
grim: To make grim; to give a stern or forbidding aspect to.
warp: To twist or become twisted, physically or mentally.
warp: To twist or turn (something) out of shape; to deform.
warp: To twist or become twisted, physically or mentally.
warp: To become twisted out of shape; to deform.
warp: To twist or become twisted, physically or mentally.
warp: To deflect or turn (something) away from a true, proper or moral course; to pervert; to bias.
warp: To twist or become twisted, physically or mentally.
warp: To go astray or be deflected from a true, proper or moral course; to deviate.
warp: To run (yarn) off the reel into hauls to be tarred.
warp: To arrange (strands of thread, etc) so that they run lengthwise in weaving.
warp: To plot; to fabricate or weave (a plot or scheme).
warp: To change or fix (make fixed, for example by freezing).
warp: To move:
warp: To move a vessel by hauling on a line or cable that is fastened to an anchor or pier; (especially) to move a sailing ship through a restricted place such as a harbour.
warp: To move:
warp: To move or be moved by this method.
warp: To move:
warp: To fly with a bending or waving motion, like a flock of birds or insects.
warp: To move:
warp: To travel or transport across a medium without passing through it normally, as by using a teleporter or time warp.
warp: To bring forth (young) prematurely.
warp: To fertilize (low-lying land) by letting the tide, a river, or other water in upon it to deposit silt and alluvial matter.
warp: To throw.
pike: To prod, attack, or injure someone with a pike.
pike: To assume a pike position.
pike: To bet or gamble with only small amounts of money.
pike: Often followed by on or out: to quit or back out of a promise.
pike: To equip with a turnpike.
pike: To depart or travel (as if by a turnpike), especially to flee, to run away.
dolt: To behave foolishly.
rosy: To make pinkish in colour.
rosy: To present in a deceptively optimistic or positive light.
hypo: To have a hypoglycaemia attack.
hypo: To administer a hypodermic injection to.
hypo: To stimulate or boost, as if by administering a hypodermic injection. (Compare hype.)
hypo: To stimulate or boost (the economy) by the injection of cash, such as with quantitative easing
slur: To insult or slight.
slur: To run together; to articulate poorly.
slur: To play legato or without separate articulation; to connect (notes) smoothly.
slur: To soil; to sully; to contaminate; to disgrace.
slur: To cover over; to disguise; to conceal; to pass over lightly or with little notice.
slur: To cheat, as by sliding a die; to trick.
slur: To blur or double, as an impression from type; to mackle.
rike: Pronunciation spelling of like.
pene: Alternative spelling of peen
gunk: To soil or make dirty
crib: To place or confine in a crib.
crib: To shut up or confine in a narrow habitation; to cage; to cramp.
crib: To collect one or more passages and/or references for use in a speech, written document or as an aid for some task; to create a crib sheet.
crib: To plagiarize; to copy; to cheat.
crib: To install timber supports, as with cribbing.
crib: To steal or embezzle, to cheat out of.
crib: To complain, to grumble
crib: To crowd together, or to be confined, as if in a crib or in narrow accommodations.
crib: To seize the manger or other solid object with the teeth and draw in wind.
mung: To make repeated changes to a file or data which individually may be reversible, yet which ultimately result in an unintentional irreversible destruction of large portions of the original data.
mung: To harm, to damage; to destroy.
palp: To feel, to explore by touch.
curd: To form curd; to curdle.
curd: To cause to coagulate or thicken; to cause to congeal; to curdle.
loop: To form something into a loop.
loop: To fasten or encircle something with a loop.
loop: To fly an aircraft in a loop.
loop: To move something in a loop.
loop: To join electrical components to complete a circuit.
loop: To duplicate the route of a pipeline.
loop: To create an error in a computer program so that it runs in an endless loop and the computer freezes up.
loop: To form a loop.
loop: To move in a loop.
loop: To place in a loop.
ween: To suppose, imagine; to think, believe.
ween: To expect, hope or wish.
ween: To weep or cry.
ween: To lament.
ween: Misspelling of wean.
pent: simple past and past participle of pen; alternative form of penned
slop: To spill or dump liquid, especially over the edge of a container when it moves.
slop: To spill liquid upon; to soil with a spilled liquid.
slop: In the game of pool or snooker to pocket a ball by accident; in billiards, to make an ill-considered shot.
slop: To feed pigs.
slop: To make one's way through soggy terrain.
tins: third-person singular simple present indicative of tin
claw: To scratch or to tear at.
claw: To use the claws to seize, to grip.
claw: To use the claws to climb.
claw: To perform a claw catch.
claw: To move with one's fingertips.
claw: To relieve an uneasy feeling, such as an itch, by scratching (someone or something); hence (figuratively), to flatter or humour (someone); to court, to fawn on.
claw: To rail at, revile, or scold (someone or something).
claw: To do (something) quickly.
vart: To queef.
doze: To sleep lightly or briefly; to nap, snooze.
doze: To make dull; to stupefy.
doze: To bulldoze.
sinn: Obsolete spelling of sin
tied: simple past and past participle of tie
bats: third-person singular simple present indicative of bat
pars: third-person singular simple present indicative of par.
eats: third-person singular simple present indicative of eat
beds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bed
ties: third-person singular simple present indicative of tie
lege: To allege; to assert.
jobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of job
bung: To plug, as with a bung.
bung: To put or throw something without care; to chuck.
bung: To batter, bruise; to cause to bulge or swell.
bung: To pass a bribe to (someone).
blot: to cause a blot (on something) by spilling a coloured substance.
blot: to soak up or absorb liquid.
blot: To dry (writing, etc.) with blotting paper.
blot: To spot, stain, or bespatter, as with ink.
blot: To impair; to damage; to mar; to soil.
blot: To stain with infamy; to disgrace.
blot: To obliterate, as writing with ink; to cancel; to efface; generally with out.
blot: To obscure; to eclipse; to shadow.
blot: To sell illegal drugs, to deal, to push.
blot: To hit a blot.
hoar: To become mouldy or musty.
hose: To water or spray with a hose.
hose: To spray as if with a hose; to spray in great quantity.
hose: To deliver using a hose.
hose: To provide with hose (garment)
hose: To trick or deceive.
hose: To break or destroy (a system), especially by wiping files or other content.
hose: To cause an unfair disadvantage to a player or team through poor officiating; especially, to cause a player or team to lose the game with an incorrect call.
vint: To make wine from fruit.
bleg: To create an entry on a blog requesting information or contributions.
trim: To reduce slightly; to cut; especially, to remove excess.
trim: To decorate or adorn; especially of a Christmas tree.
trim: To adjust the positions of control surfaces, sometimes using trim tabs, so as to modify or eliminate the aircraft's tendency to pitch, roll, or yaw when the cockpit controls are released.
trim: To modify the angle relative to the water by shifting cargo or ballast; to adjust for sailing; to assume, or cause to assume a certain position, or trim, in the water.
trim: To modify the angle (of the sails) relative to the wind, especially to set them at the most advantageous angle.
trim: To balance; to fluctuate between parties, so as to appear to favour each.
trim: To make trim; to put in due order for any purpose; to make right, neat, or pleasing; to adjust.
trim: To dress; to make smooth.
trim: To rebuke; to reprove.
trim: To beat or thrash.
trim: To cut back the wick of (a lamp) to maintain a clean, bright flame.
trim: To change the carbon rods of (an arc lamp).
fizz: To emit bubbles.
fizz: To make a rapid hissing or bubbling sound.
fizz: To shoot or project something at great velocity.
fess: To confess; to admit.
swot: To study with effort or determination (object of study indicated by "up on").
stat: To collect or interpret statistics related to (a match etc.).
stat: To assign statistics to (a monster etc. in a game).
stat: Clipping of photostat.
Bork: Alternative letter-case form of bork.
Borg: To assimilate rivals, via corporate acquisition or religious proselytisation.
Borg: To turn into a cyborg, to implant machinery into people with the intent of controlling or assimilating them.
soar: To fly high with little effort, like a bird.
soar: To mount upward on wings, or as on wings, especially by gliding while employing rising air currents.
soar: To remain aloft by means of a glider or other unpowered aircraft.
soar: To rise, especially rapidly or unusually high.
soar: To rise in thought, spirits, or imagination; to be exalted in mood.
Zoom: To communicate with someone using the Zoom videoconferencing software.
Zoom: Alternative form of zoom; To communicate using video teleconferencing.
jess: To fasten a strap around the leg of a hawk.
togo: To go different ways; go asunder; diverge; split; part; differ.
togo: To scatter.
gaud: To bedeck gaudily; to decorate with gauds or showy trinkets or colours; to paint.
gaud: To sport or keep festival.
kent: simple past and past participle of ken
kent: To propel (a boat) using a pole.
fand: To seek (to do a thing); try; attempt; endeavour.
fand: To test; examine; make a trial of; prove.
fand: To put someone through a trial; test; tempt; entice.
fand: simple past of find.
brim: To be full to overflowing.
brim: To fill to the brim, upper edge, or top.
brim: Of pigs: to be in heat, to rut.
sift: To sieve or strain (something).
sift: To separate or scatter (things) as if by sieving.
sift: To examine (something) carefully.
sift: [+object] (archaic or old-fashioned) To scrutinise (someone or something) carefully so as to find the truth.
sift: To examine (something) carefully.
sift: [+ through (object)] To carefully go through a set of objects, or a collection of information, in order to find something.
sift: To move data records up in memory to make space to insert further records.
farl: Obsolete form of furl.
pore: To study meticulously; to go over again and again.
pore: To meditate or reflect in a steady way.
molt: US standard spelling of moult.
molt: simple past of melt
wald: To govern; inherit.
GOTO: To reach (a point in a program) by means of a GOTO instruction.
bask: To bathe in warmth; to be exposed to pleasant heat.
bask: To take great pleasure or satisfaction; to feel warmth or happiness. (Usually followed by "in".)
diss: To put (someone) down, or show disrespect by the use of insulting language or dismissive behaviour.
blob: To drop in the form of a blob or blobs.
blob: To drop a blob or blobs onto; to cover with blobs.
blob: To fall in the form of a blob or blobs.
blob: To relax idly and mindlessly; to veg out.
blob: To catch eels by means of worms strung on a thread.
gybe: To shift a fore-and-aft sail from one side of a sailing vessel to the other, while sailing before the wind.
gybe: Of a fore-and-aft sail or its boom: to shift, often forcefully and suddenly, from one side of a sailing vessel to the other.
gybe: Generally of a small sailing vessel: to change tack with the wind crossing behind the vessel.
gybe: Often as gybe at: to balk, hesitate, or vacillate when faced with a course of action, plan, or proposal.
gybe: Alternative spelling of jibe (“taunt”)
rapt: To transport or ravish.
rapt: To carry away by force.
ploy: To form a column from a line of troops on some designated subdivision.
TUPE: To transfer (an employee or group of employees) to another employer under TUPE regulations.
pulp: To make or be made into pulp.
pulp: To beat to a pulp.
pulp: To deprive of pulp; to separate the pulp from.
sais: Used to represent a nonstandard pronunciation of says.
oyez: To proclaim with a cry of "oyez".
lint: To perform a static check on (source code) to detect stylistic or programmatic errors.
gack: To make a sharp, sudden sound in one's throat, such as before vomiting or while coughing, gagging, etc.
gack: To do something that causes a sharp, sudden sound in one's throat.
gack: To vomit, throw up.
gack: To do something that causes a sharp, sudden sound in one's throat.
gack: To cough something up.
gack: To do something that causes a sharp, sudden sound in one's throat.
gack: To choke (be unable to breathe because of obstruction of the windpipe)
gack: To do something that causes a sharp, sudden sound in one's throat.
gack: To choke (experience tightness in one's throat as a result of strong emotion)
gack: To call in response to disturbance.
taco: To fold or cause to buckle in half, similar to the way a taco is folded.
FOIA: To request or obtain records using the Freedom of Information Act.
farb: To act like a farb; to portray a historical character in an inauthentic way.
vlog: To contribute to a video weblog.
vlog: To post (something) to a video weblog.
whew: To whistle with a shrill pipe, like a plover.
whew: To bustle about.
clew: to roll into a ball
clew: (transitive and intransitive) to raise the lower corner(s) of (a sail)
weld: To join two materials (especially two metals) together by applying heat, pressure and filler, either separately or in any combination.
weld: To bind together inseparably; to unite closely or intimately.
weld: To wield.
gnar: To snarl or growl.
maim: To wound seriously; to cause permanent loss of function of a limb or part of the body.
jinx: To cast a spell on.
jinx: To bring bad luck to.
jinx: To cause something to happen by mentioning it, usually sarcastically.
tosh: To steal copper, particularly from ship hulls
tosh: To search for valuables in sewers
tosh: To use a tosh-pan, either to wash, to splash, or to "bath"
tosh: To make ‘tosh’: to tidy, to trim.
pock: To scar or mark with pits
exp.: Abbreviation of expires.
exec: To execute; to run.
auth: To authenticate.
brit: To break in pieces; divide.
brit: To bruise; indent.
brit: To fall out or shatter (as overripe hops or grain).
brit: To fade away; alter.
fees: third-person singular simple present indicative of fee
ears: third-person singular simple present indicative of ear
memo: To record something; to make a note of something.
memo: To send someone a note about something, for the record.
dink: To play a soft drop shot.
dink: To play a soft drop shot at or near the non-volley zone.
dink: To chip lightly, to play a light chip shot.
dink: To carry someone on a pushbike: behind, on the crossbar or on the handlebar.
DMCA: To serve a Digital Millennium Copyright Act notification against, so as to have infringing material taken down.
flex: To bend something.
flex: To repeatedly bend one of one's joints.
flex: To move part of the body using one's muscles.
flex: To tighten the muscles for display of size or strength.
flex: To flaunt one's superiority.
gets: third-person singular simple present indicative of get
sext: To send a sext.
digs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dig
eval: To evaluate (or execute) source code held in a string during run time.
lump: To treat as a single unit; to group together in a casual or chaotic manner (as if forming an ill-defined lump of the items).
lump: To bear (a heavy or awkward burden); to carry (something unwieldy) from one place to another.
lump: To burden (someone) with an undesired task or responsibility.
lump: To hit or strike (a person).
lump: To form a lump or lumps.
dong: To make a low-pitched, metallic ringing sound.
vise: To clamp with or as with a vise.
vise: Alternative form of visé
owed: simple past and past participle of owe
bawl: To shout or utter in a loud and intense manner.
bawl: To wail; to give out a blaring cry.
bawl: To weep profusely.
suns: third-person singular simple present indicative of sun
repo: repossess
sunk: past participle of sink
sunk: past of sink
bing: To go; walk; come; run
bing: To bounce.
limn: To draw or paint; to delineate.
limn: To illuminate, as a manuscript; to decorate with gold or some other bright colour.
kipe: to steal
tilt: To slope or incline (something); to slant.
tilt: To be at an angle.
tilt: To charge (at someone) with a lance.
tilt: To point or thrust a weapon at.
tilt: To point or thrust (a weapon).
tilt: To forge (something) with a tilt hammer.
tilt: To intentionally let the ball fall down to the drain by disabling flippers and most targets, done as a punishment to the player when the machine is nudged too violently or frequently.
tilt: To enter a state of frustration and worsened performance resulting from a series of losses.
tilt: To cover with a tilt, or awning.
proc: To cause a special event to occur.
haft: To fit a handle to (a tool or weapon).
haft: To grip by the handle.
DDOS: To attack by DDOS.
pres: third-person singular simple present indicative of pre.
bonk: To strike or collide with something.
bonk: To have sexual intercourse (with).
bonk: To hit something with the front of the board, especially in midair.
bonk: To experience sudden and severe fatigue in an endurance sports event due to glycogen depletion.
zouk: To dance to zouk music.
pawl: To stop with a pawl.
zizz: To take a nap.
ming: To mix, blend, mingle.
ming: To bring (people, animals etc.) together; to be joined, in marriage or sexual intercourse.
ming: To produce through mixing; especially, to knead.
ming: To be unattractive (person or object).
ming: To be foul-smelling.
ming: To speak of, to mention.
sawn: past participle of saw
sawn: past participle of see; seen
zing: To move very quickly, especially while making a high-pitched hum.
zing: To address a witty insult or comeback to.
blem: Alternative form of blam (“to shoot”)
cozy: US standard spelling of cosy.
goop: To apply a thick, slimy, or goo-like substance.
goop: To stare; gawk.
ruck: To act as a ruck in a stoppage in Australian rules football.
ruck: To contest the possession of the ball in a ruck.
ruck: To crease or fold.
ruck: To become creased or folded.
ruck: To cower or huddle together; to squat; to sit, as a hen on eggs.
ruck: To carry a backpack while hiking or marching.
wein: Obsolete spelling of wean
murk: To make murky or be murky; to cloud or obscure, or to be clouded or obscured.
murk: To murder or seriously injure.
hade: To slope or incline from the vertical.
twos: To share a cigarette with someone after smoking half of it.
goon: To act like a goon; to act in an intimidating or aggressive way towards opponents.
goon: To legally kidnap a child and forcibly transport them to a boot camp, boarding school, wilderness therapy, or a similar rehabilitation facility.
goon: To enter a trance-like state after masturbating and edging for a long period of time.
swat: To beat off, as insects; to bat, strike, or hit.
swat: To illegitimately provoke a SWAT assault upon (someone).
maye: Obsolete spelling of may
aces: third-person singular simple present indicative of ace
sins: third-person singular simple present indicative of sin
lede: Obsolete spelling of lead (“to guide”)
rays: third-person singular simple present indicative of ray
dost: second-person singular simple present indicative of do
poss: To mix with a vertical motion, especially when agitating laundry in a tub.
poss: To push; to dash; to throw.
spec: To specify, especially in a formal specification document.
bein: To render or make comfortable.
bein: To dry.
jake: To play a Discordian prank on (somebody), involving a large number of people sending bizarre letters or parcels to that person.
wite: To regard (someone) as guilty, to accuse, to blame, to fault.
wite: To censure (someone); to mulct, to reproach.
wite: To guard (something); to keep, to observe, preserve, protect.
wite: To go, go away, depart, perish, vanish
puff: To emit smoke, gas, etc., in puffs.
puff: To pant.
puff: To advertise.
puff: To blow as an expression of scorn.
puff: To swell with air; to be dilated or inflated.
puff: To breathe in a swelling, inflated, or pompous manner; hence, to assume importance.
puff: To drive with a puff, or with puffs.
puff: To repel with words; to blow at contemptuously.
puff: To cause to swell or dilate; to inflate.
puff: To inflate with pride, flattery, self-esteem, etc.; often with up.
puff: To praise with exaggeration; to flatter; to call public attention to by praises; to praise unduly.
gird: To bind with a flexible rope or cord.
gird: To encircle with, or as if with a belt.
gird: To prepare (oneself) for an action.
gird: To jeer at.
gird: To jeer.
bags: third-person singular simple present indicative of bag
bags: To reserve for oneself.
plop: To make the sound of an object dropping into a body of liquid.
plop: To land heavily or loosely.
plop: To defecate.
naps: third-person singular simple present indicative of nap
puns: third-person singular simple present indicative of pun
plod: To walk or move slowly and heavily or laboriously (+ on, through, over).
plod: To trudge over or through.
plod: To toil; to drudge; especially, to study laboriously and patiently.
biff: To punch or hit.
biff: To discard; to throw out; to throw away.
biff: To wipe out; to faceplant; to fall.
trig: To stop (a wheel, barrel, etc.) by placing something under it; to scotch; to skid.
trig: To fill; to stuff; to cram.
perm: To give hair a perm, using heat, chemicals etc.
jaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaw
nets: third-person singular simple present indicative of net
lays: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay
logs: third-person singular simple present indicative of log
aids: third-person singular simple present indicative of aid
rows: third-person singular simple present indicative of row
cups: third-person singular simple present indicative of cup
sums: third-person singular simple present indicative of sum
joys: third-person singular simple present indicative of joy
keys: third-person singular simple present indicative of key
bows: third-person singular simple present indicative of bow
cows: third-person singular simple present indicative of cow
gulp: To swallow eagerly, or in large draughts; to swallow up; to take down in one swallow.
gulp: To react nervously by swallowing.
hats: third-person singular simple present indicative of hat
bids: third-person singular simple present indicative of bid
skit: To make fun of.
skit: To leap aside; to caper.
coif: To style or arrange hair.
tope: To drink excessively; to get drunk.
peed: simple past and past participle of pee
coon: To hunt raccoons.
coon: To traverse by crawling, as a ledge.
coon: To crawl while straddling, especially in crossing a creek.
coon: To fish by noodling, by feeling for large fish in underwater holes.
coon: To play the dated stereotype of a black fool for an audience, particularly including Caucasians.
coon: To steal.
pans: third-person singular simple present indicative of pan
lids: third-person singular simple present indicative of lid
pins: third-person singular simple present indicative of pin
ammo: To load up on ammunition.
laps: third-person singular simple present indicative of lap
putz: Waste time.
putz: To go around viewing the putzes in the neighborhood.
hork: To foul up; to be occupied with difficulty, tangle, or unpleasantness; to be broken.
hork: To steal, especially petty theft or misnomer in jest.
hork: To vomit, cough up.
hork: To throw.
hork: To eat hastily or greedily; to gobble.
hork: To move.
glop: To stare in amazement.
glop: To apply (a liquid) thickly and messily.
glop: To swallow greedily.
gild: To cover with a thin layer of gold; to cover with gold leaf.
gild: To adorn.
gild: To decorate with a golden surface appearance.
gild: To give a bright or pleasing aspect to.
gild: To make appear drunk.
doit: To stumble; to blunder.
mown: past participle of mow
rump: To turn one's back on, to show one's (clothed) backside to, as a sign of disrespect.
rump: To fuck. (Compare bum (verb).)
rump: To cheat.
rump: To ramble; to move (or talk) aimlessly.
rump: To move (someone or something) around.
scud: To race along swiftly (especially used of clouds).
scud: To run, or be driven, before a high wind with no sails set.
scud: To hit or slap.
scud: To speed.
scud: To skim flat stones so they skip along the water.
teas: third-person singular simple present indicative of tea
bets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bet
muss: To rumple, tousle or make (something) untidy.
lyse: To burst or cut a cell or cell structure; to induce lysis.
lyse: To break down molecularly into smaller molecules; to induce lysis.
hots: third-person singular simple present indicative of hot
lese: To lose.
lese: To destroy.
lese: To forsake or abandon.
tops: third-person singular simple present indicative of top
fuze: To equip with a fuze.
lows: third-person singular simple present indicative of low
rede: To govern, protect.
rede: To discuss, deliberate.
rede: To advise.
rede: To interpret (a riddle or dream); explain.
mans: third-person singular simple present indicative of man
rots: third-person singular simple present indicative of rot
eyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of eye
laws: third-person singular simple present indicative of law
dure: To last, continue, endure.
hoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoe
arms: third-person singular simple present indicative of arm
boak: To burp.
boak: To retch or vomit.
vide: divide (separate into parts, cleave asunder)
vide: Divide (ordering the members of a legislative assembly to divide into two groups (the ayes and the nays) for the counting of the members’ votes)
vide: See; consult; refer to. A remark directing the reader to look to the specified place for epexegesis.
ritz: To behave in an ostentatiously elegant manner.
prod: To poke, to push, to touch.
prod: To encourage, to prompt.
prod: To prick with a goad.
nods: third-person singular simple present indicative of nod
juts: third-person singular of jut
oars: third-person singular simple present indicative of oar
furs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fur
wets: third-person singular simple present indicative of wet
drat: To damn or curse.
fink: To betray a trust; to inform on.
fink: Pronunciation spelling of think.
birr: To make a whirring noise; make a noise like that of revolving wheels, or of millstones at work.
birr: To lurch or set to spinning.
vada: To look (at), to see
pavé: To arrange gemstones in jewellery so that no metal is visible, especially when the stones are set very close together.
keak: To cackle or laugh.
keak: To jerk a limb or tilt the head.
hogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hog
hips: third-person singular simple present indicative of hip
vats: third-person singular simple present indicative of vat
moan: To complain about; to bemoan, to bewail; to mourn.
moan: To grieve.
moan: To make a moan or similar sound.
moan: To say in a moan, or with a moaning voice.
moan: To complain; to grumble.
moan: To distress (someone); to sadden.
pets: third-person singular simple present indicative of pet
kips: third-person singular simple present indicative of kip
tags: third-person singular simple present indicative of tag
robs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rob
tips: third-person singular simple present indicative of tip
ramp: To behave violently; to rage.
ramp: To swindle or rob violently.
ramp: To search a prisoner or a prisoner's cell.
ramp: To spring; to leap; to bound, rear, or prance; to move swiftly or violently.
ramp: To climb, like a plant; to creep up.
ramp: To stand in a rampant position.
ramp: To (cause to) change value, often at a steady rate.
ramp: To adapt a piece of iron to the woodwork of a gate.
vill: Pronunciation spelling of will.
CLAF: Acronym of change look and feel.
cham: To chew.
opts: third-person singular simple present indicative of opt
pots: third-person singular simple present indicative of pot
ruts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rut
gorm: To gawk; to stare or gape.
gorm: Alternative form of gaum (to smear).
gorm: To devour; to wolf down (food).
gorm: To make a mess of.
sark: To cover with sarking, or thin boards.
slum: To visit a neighborhood of a status below one's own.
slum: To saunter about in a disreputable manner.
puts: third-person singular simple present indicative of put
togs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tog
wins: third-person singular simple present indicative of win
pigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pig
glum: To look sullen; to be of a sour countenance; to be glum.
eggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of egg
guns: third-person singular simple present indicative of gun
dogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog
adds: third-person singular simple present indicative of add
slue: To rotate something on an axis.
slue: To turn something sharply.
slue: To rotate on an axis; to pivot.
slue: To slide off course; to skid.
kool: To look; to pay attention to with one’s eyes.
nosy: To pry into something.
ding: To hit or strike.
ding: To dash; to throw violently.
ding: To inflict minor damage upon, especially by hitting or striking.
ding: To fire or reject.
ding: To deduct, as points, from (somebody), in the manner of a penalty; to penalize.
ding: To mishit (a golf ball).
ding: To make high-pitched sound like a bell.
ding: To keep repeating; impress by reiteration, with reference to the monotonous striking of a bell.
ding: To level up.
yack: Alternative form of yak (“talk; vomit”)
drip: To fall one drop at a time.
drip: To leak slowly.
drip: To let fall in drops.
drip: To have a superabundance of valuable things.
drip: To rain lightly.
drip: To be wet, to be soaked.
drip: To whine or complain consistently; to grumble.
acts: third-person singular simple present indicative of act
clod: To pelt with clods.
clod: To throw violently; to hurl.
clod: To collect into clods, or into a thick mass; to coagulate; to clot.
pooh: To say "pooh".
pooh: To say "pooh" to.
pooh: Alternative form of poo: To defecate or dirty something with feces.
pish: To try to attract birds by making a sibilant noise (e.g. "psshh").
pish: To express contempt.
sown: past participle of sow
fins: third-person singular simple present indicative of fin
gibe: Alternative spelling of gybe
gibe: Alternative spelling of jibe
aken: To bear, give birth to. (Usually in the past participle.)
aken: alternative past participle of ache.
thew: To instruct (someone) in morals or values; also (more generally) to chastise or discipline (someone); to teach or train (someone).
wars: third-person singular simple present indicative of war
yowl: Utter a yowl.
yowl: Express by yowling; utter with a yowl.
fash: To worry; to bother, annoy.
fash: To trouble oneself; to take pains.
fash: To ignore or forget about someone or something.
fash: To make something fascist.
fark: To subject a website to a high volume of requests, such that the server stops responding.
baff: To bark; yelp.
baff: To hit or strike, especially with something flat or soft.
baff: To strike the ground with the bottom of the club when taking a stroke.
boos: third-person singular simple present indicative of boo
thud: To make the sound of a dull impact.
coll: To hug or embrace.
vies: third-person singular simple present indicative of vie
stap: Pronunciation spelling of stop.
goed: simple past and past participle of go
kist: simple past and past participle of kiss
kist: To place in a coffin.
walt: To roll; tumble
walt: To turn; cast; hurl; fling; overturn
Jews: third-person singular simple present indicative of Jew
owns: third-person singular simple present indicative of own
maas: third-person singular simple present indicative of maa
veel: feel
grig: To irritate or annoy.
mand: To produce a mand (verbal operant).
jobe: To harangue, to rebuke in a long-winded or drawn-out way.
harl: To surface a building using a slurry of pebbles or stone chips which is then cured using a lime render.
harl: To drag along the ground.
harl: To drag oneself along.
harl: To troll for fish.
gowk: To make foolish; to stupefy.
gree: To agree.
foin: To thrust with a sword; to stab at.
foin: To prick; to sting.
lunt: To emit smoke.
lunt: To walk while smoking a pipe.
lorn: past participle of lese.
wuss: Only used in wuss out
moto: To use or ride a moto (“n.”) (vehicle)
moto: Synonym of motor (“v.”) (ride a vehicle)
abid: simple past and past participle of abide
cuss: To use cursing, to use bad language, to speak profanely.
whir: Alternative spelling of whirr
tote: To carry or bear.
tote: To add up; to calculate a total.
eBay: To put on auction at eBay.
fisk: To run about; to fist; to whisk.
fisk: To rebut an argument line by line, especially on the Internet.
caps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cap
dibs: To claim a temporary right to (something); to reserve.
aked: simple past and past participle of ake
akes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ake
aims: third-person singular simple present indicative of aim
ails: third-person singular simple present indicative of ail
rift: To form a rift; to split open.
rift: To cleave; to rive; to split.
rift: To belch.
rift: past participle of rive
kids: third-person singular simple present indicative of kid
airt: To guide; to direct.
fits: third-person singular simple present indicative of fit
romp: To play about roughly, energetically or boisterously.
romp: (Often used with down) To press forcefully, to encourage vehemently, to oppress.
romp: To win easily.
romp: To move with little effort relatively quickly.
romp: To engage in playful or boisterous sex.
sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit
aced: simple past and past participle of ace
lets: third-person singular simple present indicative of let
lets: Misspelling of let's.
bars: third-person singular simple present indicative of bar
asks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ask
stum: To ferment.
stum: To renew (wine etc.) by mixing must with it and raising a new fermentation.
stum: To fume, as a cask of liquor, with burning sulphur.
sump: Of a cave passage, to end in a sump, or to fill completely with water on occasion.
maps: third-person singular simple present indicative of map
tonk: To knock or strike (a ball) so that it flies through the air.
jugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jug
vaut: To vault; to leap.
welt: To roll; revolve
welt: To cause to have welts; to beat.
welt: To install welt (a welt or welts) to reinforce.
welt: To decay.
welt: To become stringy.
pops: third-person singular simple present indicative of pop
rags: third-person singular simple present indicative of rag
mack: To act as pimp; to pander.
mack: To seduce or flirt with.
jamb: To fix or attach a jamb to.
honk: To use a car horn.
honk: To make a loud, harsh sound like a car horn.
honk: To make the vocal sound of a goose.
honk: To vomit: regurgitate the contents of one's stomach.
honk: To have a bad smell.
honk: To squeeze playfully, usually a breast or nose.
oooh: Elongated form of ooh.
deke: To avoid, go around, or dodge an object, person, or conversation topic; often by using trickery.
deke: To execute a deke in ice hockey or other sports.
whoo: To make a whoo sound, of delight, whistling, or of an owl etc.
crud: To clog with dirt or debris.
buts: third-person singular simple present indicative of but
psst: To say psst, to get someone's attention or to communicate with them.
cops: third-person singular simple present indicative of cop
sync: To synchronize, especially in the senses of data synchronization, time synchronization, or synchronizing music with video.
sync: To flush all pending I/O operations to disk.
boff: to have sexual intercourse (with someone)
boff: To hit; to strike.
lusk: To be idle or unemployed.
frig: To masturbate.
frig: To fuck; to have sex.
frig: To mess or muck usually with about or around'.
frig: To break.
frig: To make a temporary alteration to something, to fudge, to manipulate.
quat: To satiate.
quat: To relinquish, forsake, give up.
quat: To squat or crouch down.
quop: To throb or beat.
risp: To rub together, to rasp or grate.
roun: To whisper.
onde: To breathe; breathe on.
haps: third-person singular simple present indicative of hap
sain: To make the sign of the cross on or over something or someone.
sain: To make the sign of the cross.
sain: To bless, to keep from evil influence.
mays: third-person singular simple present indicative of may
vans: third-person singular simple present indicative of van
hick: To hiccup.
cans: third-person singular simple present indicative of can
riff: To improvise in the performance or practice of an art, especially by expanding on or making novel use of traditional themes.
riff: To riffle.
snip: To cut with short sharp actions, as with scissors.
snip: To reduce the price of a product, to create a snip.
snip: To break off; to snatch away.
snip: To circumcise.
snip: To remove the irrelevant parts of quotations in the reply message.
awed: simple past and past participle of awe
ting: To make a high-pitched sharp sound like a small bell being struck.
heil: To greet with a Sieg Heil.
woad: To plant or cultivate woad.
woad: To dye with woad.
huff: To breathe heavily.
huff: To say in a huffy manner.
huff: To enlarge; to swell up.
huff: To bluster or swell with anger, arrogance, or pride; to storm; to take offense.
huff: To treat with arrogance and insolence; to chide or rebuke rudely; to bully, to hector.
huff: To vex; to offend.
huff: To inhale psychoactive inhalants.
huff: To remove an opponent's piece as a forfeit for deliberately not taking a piece (often signalled by blowing on it).
diff: To run a diff program on (files or items) so as to produce a description of the differences between them, as for a patch file.
diff: To compare two files or other objects, manually or otherwise.
rsvp: Alternative letter-case form of RSVP
gins: third-person singular simple present indicative of gin
scry: To predict the future using crystal balls or other objects.
scry: To descry; to see.
scry: To proclaim.
cuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut
gips: third-person singular simple present indicative of gip
glam: To make glamorous or more glamorous.
guff: To fart.
guff: To mislead.
endo: To perform an endo (trick).
endo: To suffer an endo (crash).
pogo: To use a pogo stick.
pogo: To dance the pogo.
pogo: To lift the front wheel of the bicycle in the air and jump up and down on the rear wheel while in a stationary position.
pogo: To move rapidly up and down like a pogo stick.
pogo: To perform the skateboarding trick called a pogo.
mank: To mutilate.
ment: simple past and past participle of meng
ment: Obsolete spelling of meant
gawp: To stare stupidly or rudely; to gawk.
laze: To be lazy, waste time.
laze: To pass time relaxing; to relax, lounge.
viol: To play the viol.
sike: To sigh or sob.
tars: third-person singular simple present indicative of tar
grog: To grind and screen (clay) to a specific particle size.
sull: Of an animal: to stop; to refuse to go on.
vows: third-person singular simple present indicative of vow
telt: simple past and past participle of tell
rost: Obsolete form of roast.
tapu: Alternative form of taboo
tatu: Archaic form of tattoo. (decorative ink design on the skin)
geal: To congeal.
tump: To form a mass of earth or a hillock around.
tump: to bump, knock (usually used with "over", possibly a combination of "tip" and "dump")
tump: To fall over.
tump: To draw or drag, as a deer or other animal after it has been killed.
sool: To encourage (especially a dog) to attack.
wray: To denounce (a person).
wray: To reveal (a secret).
wray: To betray.
scag: To destroy the data on a disk, either by corrupting the file system or by causing media damage.
pell: To pelt; to knock about.
rong: Misspelling of wrong.
maks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mak
mell: To say (something); to speak, to tell.
mell: To deal, concern oneself; to interfere or meddle.
hing: alternative form of hang
toom: To empty; teem.
lett: Archaic form of let
waul: To wail, to cry plaintively.
teed: past participle of tee
wyte: Alternative spelling of wite
jupe: To block a server (from joining the network), a nickname or channel (from being used).
jarp: To knock (a pace-egg) against that of an opponent, with the aim of cracking the other's egg and leaving one's own intact.
hode: To ordain; consecrate; admit to a religious order.
erne: To long; to yearn.
tief: To steal, to thieve.
toes: third-person singular simple present indicative of toe
sist: To stay (e.g. judicial proceedings); to delay or suspend; to stop
sist: to cause to take a place, as at the bar of a court; hence, to cite; to summon; to bring into court
gems: third-person singular simple present indicative of gem
hank: To form into hanks.
hank: To fasten with a rope, as a gate.
tind: To ignite, kindle.
boof: To make this sound.
boof: To make this kind of jump when whitewater kayaking.
boof: (Of fish, especially barramundi) to surface quickly and catch prey by gulping, a behaviour which produces an audible sound.
boof: To have anal sex with someone, usually as the penetrative partner (possibly with negative connotations).
boof: To conceal (a prohibited item) in one's rectum.
boof: To consume (drugs) rectally.
boof: To get something wrong or make a mistake.
boof: To puff out in a voluminous way.
dree: To suffer; bear; endure; put up with; undergo.
dree: To endure; brook; be able to do or continue.
crut: To work as a crutter.
grob: Alternative form of grub
stog: To bog down; to cause to be stuck in mud.
stog: To walk with a heavy or clumsy gait; to plod.
stog: To stab; to probe; to thrust
stog: To probe a pool with a pole.
stog: To smoke a cigarette.
nock: To fit an arrow against the bowstring of a bow or crossbow. (See also notch (verb).)
nock: To cut a nock in (usually in an arrow's base or the tips of a bow).
cair: To go.
cair: To carry.
cair: To toss backwards and forwards; mix up; overhandle; stir about.
bren: To burn (to set ablaze).
dele: To delete.
gern: To grin.
gern: To yawn.
poos: third-person singular simple present indicative of poo
skol: To drink a toast; to drink deeply.
skol: To down (a drink).
owes: third-person singular simple present indicative of owe
ants: third-person singular simple present indicative of ant
ribs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rib
layn: Alternative spelling of leyn
huts: third-person singular simple present indicative of hut
yerd: To bury or be buried.
yerd: Heard.
STFW: Initialism of search the fucking Web.
daub: To apply (something) to a surface in hasty or crude strokes.
daub: To paint (a picture, etc.) in a coarse or unskilful manner.
daub: To cover with a specious or deceitful exterior; to disguise; to conceal.
daub: To flatter excessively or grossly.
daub: To put on without taste; to deck gaudily.
copt: simple past and past participle of cop
wong: To enter a betting game, particularly blackjack, when the odds are favorable.
begs: third-person singular simple present indicative of beg
wags: third-person singular simple present indicative of wag
gigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gig
amps: third-person singular simple present indicative of amp
cere: To wax; to cover or close with wax.
hits: third-person singular simple present indicative of hit
jars: third-person singular simple present indicative of jar
keek: To peek; peep.
drog: To carry in a drogher.
spet: To spit; to throw out.
tölt: to perform the tölt
clag: To encumber
clag: To stick, like boots in mud
shod: simple past and past participle of shoe
cese: Obsolete form of cease.
wull: Pronunciation spelling of will.
roup: To cry or shout.
roup: To sell by auction.
deop: To demote (an IRC operator) from operator status.
scur: To move hastily; to scour.
rues: third-person singular simple present indicative of rue
teld: To lodge in a tent.
teld: To set up (a tent); pitch a tent; (in general) to set up.
teld: simple past and past participle of tell
drub: To beat (someone or something) with a stick.
drub: To defeat someone soundly; to annihilate or crush.
drub: To forcefully teach something.
drub: To criticize harshly; to excoriate.
noms: third-person singular simple present indicative of nom (nominate)
noms: third-person singular simple present indicative of nom (eat with noisy enjoyment)
wist: simple past and past participle of wit.
wist: To know, be aware of.
inns: third-person singular simple present indicative of inn
crip: To do a Crip Walk.
crip: To apply a disability justice perspective to something.
bist: Used to form the second person singular of be.
perf: Clipping of perforate.
hean: To treat with contumely; insult; humiliate; debase; lower.
fust: To turn mouldy, to decay.
fust: Of wine: to acquire an undesirable musty or woody taste from the cask in which it is stored.
haue: obsolete typography of have
orge: To indulge in riotous jollity.
weel: Pronunciation spelling of will, representing Latino-accented English.
mone: To admonish; advise; explain.
tumb: To tumble; jump; dance.
lugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lug
myek: To make.
tyek: To take.
tabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tab
derp: To act stupidly or foolishly
derp: To make a stupid mistake
derp: To point in different directions; (of a person) To have a facial expression with one's eyes pointing in different directions.
mele: Alternative form of mell
bede: pray, offer, proffer
bede: request, demand, order, command, forbid
bede: proclaim, declare
bede: present, counsel, advise, rede, exhort
raps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rap
dags: third-person singular simple present indicative of dag
deek: To look.
chor: Alternative form of chore (“to steal”).
rets: third-person singular simple present indicative of ret
glub: To make a sound like underwater bubbling; to glug.
hoik: To play such a shot.
hoik: To lift (a heavy object) carelessly; hoist.
hoik: To throw something out.
hoik: To spit.
glug: To flow in noisy bursts.
glug: To quickly swallow liquid.
glug: To pour noisily.
twoc: To steal (especially a car).
clem: To be hungry; starve.
clem: Alternative form of clam (“to adhere”)
GTFO: Get the fuck out; can be used to express disbelief or displeasure.
GTFO: Get the fuck off. See get off
kohl: To decorate one's eyes with kohl.
knaa: To know
kife: To steal.
gaup: To stare, gape.
haad: To hold.
blip: To change state abruptly, such as between off and on or dark and light, sometimes implying motion.
blip: Synonym of bleep (“to replace offending words in a broadcast recording with a tone”)
bowk: To belch, to burp.
bowk: To vomit.
refs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ref
rods: third-person singular simple present indicative of rod
sobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sob
meas: Abbreviation of measures.
rams: third-person singular simple present indicative of ram
bays: third-person singular simple present indicative of bay
hoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoy
buds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bud
cubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cub
jets: third-person singular simple present indicative of jet
dyed: simple past and past participle of dye
fans: third-person singular simple present indicative of fan
paws: third-person singular simple present indicative of paw
pens: third-person singular simple present indicative of pen
loue: obsolete typography of love
coak: To unite (timbers etc.) by means of tenons or dowels in the edges or face.
waqf: To give as a waqf.
hele: Obsolete form of heal.
hele: To hide, conceal, and keep secret, especially for a secret society (such as the masons).
hele: To cover or conceal (a seedling, plant, roots, etc).
kits: third-person singular simple present indicative of kit
jigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jig
jews: third-person singular simple present indicative of jew
pees: third-person singular simple present indicative of pee
oils: third-person singular simple present indicative of oil
vied: simple past and past participle of vie
vang: To take; undertake for.
vang: To undertake for at the baptismal font; be godfather or godmother to.
vang: To flatten the sail and regulate its position with such a line.
lige: To lie; to tell lies.
wain: To carry.
wain: Misspelling of wane.
waws: third-person singular simple present indicative of waw
c.f.: Misspelling of cf..
cote: Obsolete form of quote.
cote: To go side by side with; hence, to pass by; to outrun and get before.
yaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of yap
jink: To make a quick evasive turn or turns to confuse pursuers, incoming fire, etc.
jink: To cause a vehicle to make a quick evasive turn.
jink: In the games of spoilfive and forty-five, to win the game by taking all five tricks; also, to attempt to win all five tricks, losing what has been already won if unsuccessful.
jink: To elude; to cheat.
stot: To bounce, rebound or ricochet.
stot: To make bounce, rebound or ricochet.
stot: To stumble.
stot: To leap using all four legs at once.
stot: To strike, push, shove.
tyne: To lose.
tyne: To become lost; to perish.
alit: simple past and past participle of alight
lude: To get high on Quaalude.
glob: To stick in globs or lumps.
glob: To carry out pattern matching using a glob.
sayd: simple past and past participle of say
tugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tug
toys: third-person singular simple present indicative of toy
hugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hug
soum: Alternative form of sowm (“determine the proportion of sheep or cattle for pasture”)
kens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ken
fsck: To run fsck on; to perform a fsck on.
spae: To divine; foretell
stam: To confound.
syre: Obsolete form of sire.
rims: third-person singular simple present indicative of rim
weet: To know.
plim: To swell or inflate; to fill up.
kayo: To knock someone out, or render them unconscious or senseless.
kart: To ride in a go-cart.
jell: To gel
ebbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ebb
hags: third-person singular simple present indicative of hag
tirl: To quiver; to vibrate; to veer about.
tirl: To make a rattling or clattering sound by twirling or shaking.
tirl: To twist.
tirl: To strip; to unroof.
boun: To make or get ready; prepare.
pree: to heed, to take notice of or pay attention to
cose: To make oneself cosy; to be snug.
mows: third-person singular simple present indicative of mow
tans: third-person singular simple present indicative of tan
bogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bog
fogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fog
saps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sap
saws: third-person singular simple present indicative of saw
ices: third-person singular simple present indicative of ice
bugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bug
eels: third-person singular simple present indicative of eel
dews: third-person singular simple present indicative of dew
inks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ink
hems: third-person singular simple present indicative of hem
cons: To obtain a list from a cons or a nesting of conses; to prepend an element to a list by forming a cons of that element and the list; to obtain a list from a smaller one by repeated application of such kind of prepending.
cons: third-person singular simple present indicative of con
dams: third-person singular simple present indicative of dam
mugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mug
outs: third-person singular simple present indicative of out
sows: third-person singular simple present indicative of sow
pegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of peg
rubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rub
pats: third-person singular simple present indicative of pat
dabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dab
webs: third-person singular simple present indicative of web
rips: third-person singular simple present indicative of rip
bums: third-person singular simple present indicative of bum
pads: third-person singular simple present indicative of pad
dins: third-person singular simple present indicative of din
pals: third-person singular simple present indicative of pal
pods: third-person singular simple present indicative of pod
vets: third-person singular simple present indicative of vet
dots: third-person singular simple present indicative of dot
bins: third-person singular simple present indicative of bin
gads: third-person singular simple present indicative of gad
lags: third-person singular simple present indicative of lag
pews: third-person singular simple present indicative of pew
mods: third-person singular simple present indicative of mod
gaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gap
dips: third-person singular simple present indicative of dip
hipe: To throw (an opponent) using this technique.
hile: To form sheaves into a hile.
offs: third-person singular simple present indicative of off
pwns: third-person singular simple present indicative of pwn
moos: third-person singular simple present indicative of moo
sneb: To check; to reprimand.
dout: To put out; quench; extinguish; douse.
tase: to operate a taser or electroshock stun gun, by using it against a subject
tose: To pull apart or asunder; touse.
sudo: To invoke such a command.
usen: past participle of use
hewn: past participle of hew
vire: To transfer a surplus from one account to cover a deficit in another, to make a virement.
mats: third-person singular simple present indicative of mat
dere: To hurt; harm; injure; wound.
dere: To annoy, trouble, grieve.
dyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dye
lops: third-person singular simple present indicative of lop
coos: third-person singular simple present indicative of coo
wive: To marry (a woman).
wive: To provide (someone) with a wife.
jeep: To travel by jeep.
pirn: To wind (yarn) onto a pirn, usually by means of a pirn winder.
tubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tub
buys: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy
chid: simple past of chide
chid: past participle of chide
brux: To grind the teeth, especially involuntarily or during sleep.
nill: To be unwilling; will not (+ infinitive).
nill: To be unwilling.
nill: To reject, refuse, negate.
merk: Alternative spelling of murk (“to murder”)
merk: to run
rewe: Obsolete spelling of rue
barr: To make the sound of an elephant.
barr: Obsolete spelling of bar
tows: third-person singular simple present indicative of tow
gums: third-person singular simple present indicative of gum
vore: To consume or to eat within the context of vorarephilia.
sued: simple past and past participle of sue
dunt: To strike; give a blow to; knock.
gobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gob
poot: To fart.
gren: Obsolete spelling of grin
wazz: To urinate.
skis: third-person singular simple present indicative of ski
larn: To learn.
larn: To teach.
dubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dub
lime: To treat with calcium hydroxide or calcium oxide (lime).
lime: To smear with birdlime.
lime: To smear with birdlime.
lime: To ensnare, catch, entrap.
lime: To apply limewash.
lime: To hang out/socialize in an informal, relaxed environment, especially with friends, for example at a party or on the beach.
drap: To drop.
rade: simple past and past participle of ride
flox: To sandwich a DNA sequence between two recombinase binding sequences such as "loxP".
flox: To add fluorine to liquid-oxygen rocket fuel.
suds: To cover with, or as if with, soapsuds.
reft: simple past and past participle of reave
chiv: Alternative form of shiv
yips: third-person singular simple present indicative of yip
flob: To spit or to gob.
flob: To flop; to move or behave in a loose or uncoordinated way.
pubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pub
daps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dap
tost: simple past and past participle of toss
glim: To brand on the hand.
glim: To illuminate.
glim: To see; to observe.
died: simple past and past participle of die
hums: third-person singular simple present indicative of hum
moob: To rapidly adjust the evaluation of a position towards zero, indicating a likely draw.
yerk: To stab (someone or something).
yerk: To throw or thrust with a sudden, smart movement; to kick or strike suddenly; to jerk.
yerk: To strike or lash with a whip or stick.
yerk: To rouse or excite.
yerk: To bind or tie with a jerk.
sorn: to impose upon another for food and lodging.
clop: To make this sound; to walk so as to make this sound.
clop: To masturbate to My Little Pony-themed pornography.
calk: Alternative spelling of caulk
calk: To make an indentation in the edge of a metal plate, as along a seam in a steam boiler or an iron ship, to force the edge of the upper plate hard against the lower and so fill the crevice.
calk: To copy (a drawing) by rubbing the back of it with red or black chalk, and then passing a blunt stylus or needle over the lines, so as to leave a tracing on the paper or other thing against which it is laid or held.
mewl: To cry weakly with a soft, high-pitched sound; to whimper; to whine.
miff: To offend slightly.
miff: To become slightly offended.
dite: To prepare for use or action; to make ready.
pean: Alternative spelling of paean.
pean: Alternative spelling of peen.
lour: To frown; to look sullen.
lour: To be dark, gloomy, and threatening, as clouds; of the sky: to be covered with dark and threatening clouds; to show threatening signs of approach, as a tempest.
fags: third-person singular simple present indicative of fag
arcs: third-person singular simple present indicative of arc
cues: third-person singular simple present indicative of cue
mobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mob
bawn: Pronunciation spelling of born.
tats: third-person singular simple present indicative of tat
seke: Archaic spelling of seek.
nosh: To eat a snack or light meal.
nosh: To perform fellatio (on); to blow.
vial: To keep or put (something, especially a liquid) in, or as if in, a vial (noun sense).
boog: Clipping of boogie; to dance.
gurn: To make a grotesque or funny face; to grimace.
holp: simple past of help
holp: Synonym of help
mang: To mix.
mang: To beg; to beg for money.
errs: third-person singular simple present indicative of err
goos: third-person singular simple present indicative of goo
RVed: simple past and past participle of RV
thig: To beseech; supplicate; implore.
thig: To solicit, usually by begging; ask as alms; beg.
thig: To make supplication.
thig: To profit by or live on the gifts of others.
thig: To take alms.
thig: To crave; seek (a favour).
RV'd: simple past and past participle of RV
RV's: third-person singular simple present indicative of RV
scut: To scamper off.
pæan: Archaic spelling of paean.
wiss: To know; to understand.
seel: To sew together the eyes of a young hawk.
seel: To blind.
seel: To roll on the waves in a storm.
ying: Alternative form of ching (“to stab”)
cade: To make a pet of; to coddle, pamper, or spoil.
kang: To appropriate someone else's work.
imps: third-person singular simple present indicative of imp
cabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cab
f--k: Censored spelling of fuck.
sook: Alternative spelling of suck
sook: simple past of seek
sked: To schedule.
stim: To perform such a repetitive self-stimulatory action.
gonk: To sleep.
gonk: To lie; to tell an untruth
hild: Obsolete form of held.
ross: To divest of the ross, or rough, scaly surface.
nips: third-person singular simple present indicative of nip
cume: Earn cumulatively at the box office.
jogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jog
prin: Alternative spelling of preen
haet: hate
chur: To do something overwhelming, demanding, or intense.
rids: third-person singular simple present indicative of rid
rued: simple past and past participle of rue
weds: third-person singular simple present indicative of wed
trow: To trust or believe.
trow: To have confidence in, or to give credence to.
elix: To draw out or extract.
noie: Obsolete spelling of noy
yomp: To make a strenuous long-distance march.
skud: To hit.
skud: To speed.
skud: To skim.
buie: Obsolete form of buy.
futz: To be frivolous and waste time.
futz: To experiment by trial and error.
yfed: past participle of feed
bost: to break
cont: Abbreviation of continue
cont: Abbreviation of continued
hain: To hedge or fence in; inclose; protect by hedging
hain: To save; spare; refrain from using or spending
hain: To be thrifty; be economical
rigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rig
glid: simple past and past participle of glide
brob: To poke or prick
zaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of zap
wons: third-person singular simple present indicative of won
gabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gab
gels: third-person singular simple present indicative of gel
jots: third-person singular simple present indicative of jot
jabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jab
coys: third-person singular simple present indicative of coy
reps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rep
eeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of eep
jams: third-person singular simple present indicative of jam
spie: Obsolete spelling of spy
maun: To have to; must.
bams: third-person singular simple present indicative of bam
hend: To take hold of; to grasp, hold.
sile: To strain, as milk; pass through a strainer or anything similar; filter.
sile: To flow down; drip; drop; fall; sink.
sile: To settle down; calm or compose oneself.
sile: To go; pass.
sile: To boil gently; simmer.
sile: To pour with rain.
mump: To mumble, speak unclearly.
mump: To move the lips with the mouth closed; to mumble, as in sulkiness.
mump: To beg, especially if using a repeated phrase.
mump: To deprive of (something) by cheating; to impose upon.
mump: To cheat; to deceive; to play the beggar.
mump: To be sullen or sulky.
mump: To nibble.
mump: to accept a small gift or bribe in exchange for services.
ouse: Dated form of ooze.
tp's: third-person singular simple present indicative of tp
mure: to wall in or fortify
mure: To enclose or imprison within walls.
bibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bib
yean: To give birth to.
stur: Alternative spelling of stir
toed: simple past and past participle of toe
tole: To entice; to allure or attract.
tole: simple past and past participle of tell
wone: To live, reside, stay.
lerp: To interpolate linearly.
sods: third-person singular simple present indicative of sod
lowp: To leap.
axed: simple past and past participle of axe (all etymologies and senses)
aped: simple past and past participle of ape
awes: third-person singular simple present indicative of awe
bans: third-person singular simple present indicative of ban
eked: simple past and past participle of eke
ekes: third-person singular simple present indicative of eke
oped: simple past and past participle of ope
opes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ope
luvs: third-person singular simple present indicative of luv
wyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wye
woos: third-person singular simple present indicative of woo
sirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sir
mopy: To print more than one copy of a document using a computer printer rather than printing one original and copying it with a separate machine.
haws: third-person singular simple present indicative of haw
tane: Alternative form of taken
hist: Pronunciation spelling of hoist.
fack: Pronunciation spelling of fuck.
dows: third-person singular simple present indicative of dow
gags: third-person singular simple present indicative of gag
nabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nab
dave: To assuage; soften; mitigate; relieve; calm; alleviate (pain).
slab: To make something into a slab.
ired: simple past and past participle of ire
bops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bop
taws: third-person singular simple present indicative of taw
ires: third-person singular simple present indicative of ire
hoid: Pronunciation spelling of heard, representing New York City English.
init: Clipping of initialize.
dyun: past participle of de
dyun: past participle of dee
cess: To levy a cess.
cess: To cease; to neglect.
zigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of zig
GIed: simple past and past participle of GI
tuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of tun
gart: simple past and past participle of gar
mixt: simple past and past participle of mix; archaic spelling of mixed.
yaup: Obsolete spelling of yawp
yaup: To be hungry.
lote: To lurk; lie hidden
jags: third-person singular simple present indicative of jag
skum: Obsolete form of scum (“remove surface impurities”).
burk: To vomit.
oker: To increase (in price); add to.
lask: To have loose bowels; to suffer from diarrhoea.
dawk: To drive a sharp instrument into; incise with a jerk; puncture.
dawk: To cut or mark with an incision; gash.
dawk: To dig up weeds.
ured: simple past and past participle of ure
yens: third-person singular simple present indicative of yen
duns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dun
nuss: Pronunciation spelling of nurse.
supt: simple past and past participle of sup
hmph: Alternative form of humph
gaue: simple past of giue; obsolete spelling of gave
sues: third-person singular simple present indicative of sue
subs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sub
mops: third-person singular simple present indicative of mop
exes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ex
aske: Obsolete spelling of ask
eate: Obsolete spelling of eat
liue: obsolete typography of live
OKed: simple past and past participle of OK
paps: third-person singular simple present indicative of pap
dyke: To dig, particularly to create a ditch.
dyke: To surround with a ditch, to entrench.
dyke: To surround with a low dirt or stone wall.
dyke: To raise a protective earthwork against a sea or river.
dyke: To scour a watercourse.
dyke: To steep [fibers] within a watercourse.
effs: third-person singular simple present indicative of eff
fook: To fuck.
moer: To beat; to thrash.
cued: simple past and past participle of cue
bobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bob
rawk: Pronunciation spelling of rock.
laff: Alternative spelling of laugh
hoit: To behave frivolously and thoughtlessly; to play the fool.
hoit: To romp noisily; to caper, to leap.
hoit: Pronunciation spelling of hurt.
vsed: obsolete typography of used; simple past and past participle of vse
owne: Obsolete spelling of own
fixt: simple past and past participle of fix
adde: Obsolete spelling of add
saye: Obsolete spelling of say
frot: To rub one's penis against another person's penis for sexual gratification.
frot: To rub, chafe.
frot: To work leather by rubbing.
lawe: To cut off the claws and balls of (e.g. a dog's forefeet, to hinder it from hunting).
hied: simple past and past participle of hie
hies: third-person singular simple present indicative of hie
lill: To loll.
sots: third-person singular simple present indicative of sot
leep: Obsolete form of leap.
hyar: hear
hays: third-person singular simple present indicative of hay
DIYs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DIY
lazo: Archaic form of lasso.
tock: To produce such a sound.
gibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gib
gibs: Pronunciation spelling of give.
gibs: Pronunciation spelling of gives.
neps: third-person singular simple present indicative of nep
offa: Pronunciation spelling of offer.
welk: Of a plant: to wither, wilt, decay.
welk: To diminish; to lose brightness, to wane.
welk: to soak, steep.
welk: to thrash, beat severely.
welk: To contract; to shorten.
welk: To form into wrinkles or ridges.
hews: third-person singular simple present indicative of hew
tink: To emit a high-pitched sharp or metallic noise.
tink: To unknit.
cums: third-person singular simple present indicative of cum
geue: give
wark: To be in pain; ache.
ciss: To retract (from a uniform film applied to a damp, oily or nonabsorbent surface) and clump up into small droplets, or form craters.
laik: Alternative form of lake (“to play”)
affy: To trust (in someone or something); to rely (on).
affy: To promise to marry (someone); to be engaged to.
visé: To examine and endorse (a passport, etc.); to visa.
fixe: Archaic form of fix.
slub: To draw and twist fibers in order to prepare them for spinning.
teef: to steal
knaw: Archaic spelling of gnaw.
knaw: Nonstandard form of know.
trie: Obsolete spelling of try
sops: third-person singular simple present indicative of sop
wuvs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wuv
favs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fav
oint: To anoint.
fies: third-person singular simple present indicative of fy
lues: third-person singular simple present indicative of lue
bips: third-person singular simple present indicative of bip
kepe: Archaic spelling of keep.
lits: third-person singular simple present indicative of lit
leme: To shine.
lyke: Archaic spelling of like.
shet: Pronunciation spelling of shut.
askt: simple past and past participle of ask
purs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pur
sowl: To pull (especially an animal) by the ears; to drag about.
sowl: To soil or stain; to dirty.
mues: third-person singular simple present indicative of mue
sied: simple past and past participle of sie
chut: To produce this sound.
taze: Alternative form of tase
blub: To cry, whine or blubber (usually carries a connotation of disapproval).
blub: To swell; to puff out, as with weeping.
pern: To take profit of; to make profitable.
sipe: To cut grooves in tires.
sipe: To drain, to filter through peat or reeds; to seep.
geno: To (commit) genocide.
pein: Alternative form of peen
chib: To shiv (stab).
mean: To intend.
mean: To intend, to plan (to do); to have as one's intention.
mean: To intend.
mean: To have as intentions of a given kind.
mean: To intend.
mean: To intend (something) for a given purpose or fate; to predestine.
mean: To intend.
mean: To intend an ensuing comment or statement as an explanation.
mean: To convey (a meaning).
mean: To convey (a given sense); to signify, or indicate (an object or idea).
mean: To convey (a meaning).
mean: Of a word, symbol etc: to have reference to, to signify.
mean: To convey (a meaning).
mean: Of a person (or animal etc): to intend to express, to imply, to hint at, to allude.
mean: To have conviction in (something said or expressed); to be sincere in (what one says).
mean: To cause or produce (a given result); to bring about (a given result).
mean: To be of some level of importance.
mean: To lament.
yark: To make ready; prepare.
yark: To dispose; be set in order for; be destined or intended for.
yark: To set open; open.
yark: To draw (stitches etc.) tight.
yark: To hit, strike, especially with a cane or whip.
yark: To crack (a whip).
unct: To anoint, especially a monarch or other patriarchal leader.
unct: To lubricate.
whid: To move nimbly and with little noise, usually of small game.
whid: To tell a lie.
fley: To frighten.
fley: To be frightened.
umps: third-person singular simple present indicative of ump
naai: to have sexual intercourse.
baed: simple past and past participle of bae
luvd: simple past and past participle of luv
luvz: third-person singular simple present indicative of luv
wuvd: simple past and past participle of wuv
wuvz: third-person singular simple present indicative of wuv
prog: To programme.
prog: To prognosticate; to forecast.
prog: To feed and care for oneself, as opposed to being fed and cared for by someone (like a domesticated animal).
prog: To seek food and wealth as opposed to pursuing spiritual goals.
prog: To seek food, goods, or money by low arts, such as begging, trickery, or abuse of power.
prog: To steal; to rob; to filch.
prog: To prick; to goad; to progue.
lurv: Alternative form of lurve
giss: Pronunciation spelling of guess.
irks: third-person singular simple present indicative of irk
frap: To draw together tightly; to secure by many turns of a lashing.
frap: To strike or beat.
cark: To be filled with worry, solicitude, or troubles.
cark: To bring worry, vexation, or anxiety.
cark: To labor anxiously.
cark: Pronunciation spelling of caulk.
cark: See cark it.
knip: Alternative form of nip
knip: Alternative form of knep
sews: third-person singular simple present indicative of sew
klap: To strike; to smack.
gleg: To glance.
duco: To paint with automotive paint.
raik: To walk; to roam, to wander.
raik: Of animals (especially sheep): to graze.
raik: To roam or wander through (somewhere).
wows: third-person singular simple present indicative of wow
peps: third-person singular simple present indicative of pep
negs: third-person singular simple present indicative of neg
glei: Alternative form of gley
whap: To strike hard and suddenly.
whap: To throw oneself quickly, or by an abrupt motion; to turn suddenly.
byde: Obsolete form of bide.
gley: To be converted into this kind of soil.
gley: To squint; to look obliquely; to overlook things.
jook: To dodge; to move quickly to avoid something or to hide; to dart away.
jook: MLE form of juke (“to stab, to ching”)
voyd: Obsolete spelling of void
dast: third-person singular simple present indicative of dare; dares.
dast: dare (infinitive).
gowl: To weep angrily; to howl.
whup: Alternative form of whoop (“to whip, thrash, or defeat”).
birl: To spin.
birl: To cause (a floating log) to rotate by treading on it.
birl: To throw down a coin as one's share in a joint contribution.
birl: Alternative form of birle (“to drink, carouse”)
gwin: present participle of go
mozy: Alternative spelling of mosey
leed: Obsolete spelling of lead (“to guide”).
hent: To take hold of, to grasp.
hent: To take away, carry off, apprehend.
hent: To clear; to go beyond.
cuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of cun
mosy: Alternative spelling of mosey
tivo: To digitally record (a television show).
tivo: To have a show on one's lineup of shows to record.
gril: Alternative form of grill
f**k: Censored spelling of fuck.
trog: To walk laboriously; to trudge.
blit: To transfer by a blit operation.
KO'd: simple past and past participle of KO
KO's: third-person singular simple present indicative of KO
dade: To walk unsteadily, like a child; to move slowly.
dade: To hold up by leading strings or by the hand, as a toddler.
amit: To lose.
snig: To drag a log along the ground by means of a chain fastened at one end.
snig: To sneak.
snig: To chop off; to cut.
staw: To be fixed or set; to stay.
erme: To grieve; to feel sad.
crit: To land a critical hit on.
pech: To pant, to struggle for breath.
firk: To carry away or about; carry; move.
firk: To drive away.
firk: To rouse; raise up.
firk: To move quickly; go off or fly out suddenly; turn out.
rynt: stand off; move away (said by milkmaids to their cows after milking them)
camo: To camouflage.
camo: To put on camouflage clothing.
gees: third-person singular simple present indicative of gee
amel: To enamel
Xbox: To play a video game using an Xbox home console.
tret: simple past and past participle of treat, i.e. treated.
frit: To add frit to a glass or ceramic mixture
frit: To prepare by heat (the materials for making glass); to fuse partially.
dims: third-person singular simple present indicative of dim
kelk: To beat.
amay: to dismay; confound; be dismayed
snew: To snow.
snew: To abound.
snew: simple past of snow
mirk: Archaic spelling of murk.
lant: To flavor (ale) with aged urine.
icen: To make or become iced or icy; frost (all senses)
lick: To stroke with the tongue.
lick: To lap; to take in with the tongue.
lick: To beat with repeated blows.
lick: To defeat decisively, particularly in a fight.
lick: To overcome.
lick: To perform cunnilingus.
lick: To do anything partially.
lick: To lap.
pwnd: simple past and past participle of pwn
pwnt: simple past and past participle of pwn; alternative spelling of pwned
mard: To cosset (a child)
gurl: To growl or snarl.
gats: third-person singular simple present indicative of gat
gyms: third-person singular simple present indicative of gym
bivy: To camp in a bivouac.
vell: To cut the turf from, as for burning.
jill: To masturbate.
plip: To make the sound of liquid hitting a hard surface.
plip: To lock or unlock using a remote control locking device.
tice: To entice.
geed: simple past and past participle of gee
frac: To use hydraulic fracturing (fraccing)
ICQs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ICQ
blet: To undergo bletting, a fermentation process in certain fruit beyond ripening.
fabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fab
doms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dom
coom: Pronunciation spelling of come.
coom: to ejaculate
jits: third-person singular simple present indicative of jit
yeuk: to itch, irritate the skin
sics: third-person singular simple present indicative of sic
wakf: Alternative spelling of waqf
faps: third-person singular simple present indicative of fap
nyam: To eat.
snee: Obsolete spelling of sny (abound, swarm, teem, be infested).
pome: To grow to a head, or form a head in growing.
teer: To stir, as a calico-printer's sieve.
don': Pronunciation spelling of don’t.
IRCs: third-person singular simple present indicative of IRC
vade: To fade; to vanish.
XORs: third-person singular simple present indicative of XOR
jark: To modify (weaponry) to disadvantage; especially, to attach a tracking device to and covertly monitor the location of (a weapon).
jark: Pronunciation spelling of jerk.
oohs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ooh
cath: To catheterize; to fit (someone) with a catheter.
leam: To gleam; shine; glow.
foom: To exhibit an AI foom.
tuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tut
blam: To fire a gun.
blam: To shoot; to kill by gunshot.
blam: To shoot, to propel by means of sudden impact.
msgs: third-person singular simple present indicative of msg
mads: third-person singular simple present indicative of mad
zzzs: third-person singular simple present indicative of zzz
ind.: Abbreviation of indicate.
rolf: To apply the Rolfing massage technique to.
pouf: To make poufy or bouffant.
capt: simple past and past participle of cap
dobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dob
josh: To tease someone in a kindly or friendly fashion.
josh: To make or exchange good-natured jokes.
iggy: To ignore (a user on a chat system, etc.).
bigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of big
lare: To feed; to fatten
cags: third-person singular simple present indicative of cag
exed: simple past and past participle of ex
gots: has, has got (3rd person singular)
gots: have, have got (other forms)
knep: To bite gently, nibble.
knep: To graze, crop; (of horses) to bite in play.
knep: To pick or pick off (e.g. flowers, berries, etc.)
knep: To clasp the hands; to clench one's fists.
knep: To tie or bundle something tightly and securely.
apay: To satisfy, please.
apay: To repay.
kild: Obsolete form of killed.
dook: To make a certain clucking sound.
dook: Alternative form of duck (verb)
pult: simple past and past participle of pull
roop: To cry; shout.
roop: To roar; make a great noise.
roop: To make hoarse.
muds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mud
nack: To acknowledge negatively; to send a NAK signal to.
frak: Fuck.
funs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fun
jeff: To play or gamble with em quads, throwing them as dice.
bete: Obsolete spelling of beat
bete: Obsolete spelling of beet
wots: third-person singular simple present indicative of wot
lage: To drink.
PDFs: third-person singular simple present indicative of PDF
bool: To relax or hang out (especially with someone).
blop: To plop (land loosely).
blop: To blep (chiefly said of a dog).
mirv: To attack with MIRV missiles.
wost: second-person singular simple present indicative of wit
Bing: To search for (something) on the Internet using the Bing search engine.
kape: Pronunciation spelling of keep.
quar: To choke or block (typically a river)
911s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 911
mus': Alternative spelling of must
vidê: Alternative spelling of vide (“see”)
vid.: Abbreviation of vide. (= see (singular imperative))
vid.: Abbreviation of videte.
wawl: Alternative form of waul
fugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fug
vexe: Obsolete spelling of vex.
pané: To bread; to coat in breadcrumbs or breading.
snib: To latch (a door, window etc.).
mixe: Archaic form of mix.
cass: To render useless or void; to annul; to reject; to send away.
jees: third-person singular simple present indicative of jee
dret: Obsolete spelling of drate; simple past of drite
tead: simple past and past participle of tea
bego: To go about; encompass; surround; beset, surround with hostile intent; to overrun.
bego: To clothe, dress.
bego: To affect, usually as a good or bad influence, or as a circumstance.
bego: To go away, to disappear.
sygh: simple past of see
bauf: Alternative spelling of boff (to have sexual intercourse).
bauf: To hit the ground with one's shoes.
hoke: To ascribe a false or artificial quality to; to pretend falsely to have some quality or to be doing something, etc.
hoke: To scrounge, to grub.
druv: simple past and past participle of drive
doat: Obsolete spelling of dote
doot: Doubt.
doot: Think.
doot: To tap (a smart card etc.).
doot: To scan.
dybs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dyb
goin: Pronunciation spelling of going.
jeed: simple past and past participle of jee
pind: To impound (as cattle), to shut up in a pound.
pind: To confine within narrow limits, constrain.
lams: third-person singular simple present indicative of lam
gawm: Alternative form of gum (make sticky, or impair the function of)
gawm: Alternative form of gorm (gawk, gape)
roin: To growl; to roar.
gove: To stare stupidly.
ligs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lig
norn: To mourn; complain.
norn: To bring forward; proffer; propose.
norn: To say; speak; utter; tell.
norn: To call.
snie: Obsolete spelling of sny (abound, swarm, teem, be infested).
lear: To teach.
lear: To learn.
pize: To strike or hit (a person).
toat: Alternative spelling of tote
stut: To support, prop up.
stut: To stutter.
ures: third-person singular simple present indicative of ure
nott: To shear.
frob: To manipulate in some ill-defined way; to tweak or mess about with.
frob: To perform a task that is clear to the speaker but too complex or tedious to be explained, so that outside help is not helpful.
frob: To transform and obscure in a trivial fashion with memfrob(3).
walm: To roll; to spout; to boil up.
sned: To lop; lop or chop off.
stob: To stab.
stob: To roof with stob-thatch.
stob: To make mats with a stob tool.
SPAD: To pass a signal at danger.
taks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tak
meep: to make a high-pitched exclamation
tawn: To tan, make tawny.
tawk: Eye dialect spelling of talk, representing New York City English.
feus: third-person singular simple present indicative of feu
cfr.: Compare.
86ed: simple past and past participle of 86
shog: to jolt or shake
shog: to depart; to go.
navs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nav
teds: third-person singular simple present indicative of ted
lern: Pronunciation spelling of learn.
coze: Alternative form of cose
jpeg: Alternative letter-case form of JPEG
yede: simple past of go, now replaced by went.
yede: To go (mistakenly used as a pseudo-archaism by 16th-century poets and their imitators).
tw*t: Censored spelling of twat.
p*ss: Censored spelling of piss.
w*nk: Censored spelling of wank.
w**k: Censored spelling of wank.
p**s: Censored spelling of piss.
jant: Obsolete form of jaunt.
DDoS: Alternative spelling of DDOS
keke: To laugh, especially in a cackling or staccato-like manner.
kapt: simple past and past participle of kape
lapt: simple past and past participle of lap
nipt: simple past and past participle of nip
rekt: Nonstandard spelling of wrecked.
tipt: simple past and past participle of tip
nake: To make naked; to bare.
konk: Alternative spelling of conk
egge: Obsolete spelling of egg
ritt: Alternative form of rit
sowe: Obsolete spelling of sow
maft: To drift
maft: To be stifled or overpowered by a lack of air, the heat, etc.; to be out of breath.
maft: To be hot (temperature-wise).
sawe: Obsolete spelling of saw simple past of see
blin: To cease (from); to stop; to desist, to let up.
fets: third-person singular simple present indicative of fet
yold: simple past of yield.
yold: past participle of yield
fynd: Obsolete spelling of find
wuld: Archaic spelling of would; also, eye dialect spelling of would.
gine: Alternative form of gwine
zots: third-person singular simple present indicative of zot
dize: To dress with flax for spinning, as a distaff; dizen.
dize: To put tow on a distaff.
phut: To produce such a sound.
nigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nig
laye: Obsolete spelling of lay
steg: To conceal (data) by means of steganography.
lept: simple past and past participle of leap
tsks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tsk
phot: to photograph
sads: third-person singular simple present indicative of sad
saie: Archaic spelling of say.
delt: Archaic spelling of dealt.
vant: Pronunciation spelling of want.
pilm: To have dust blow about
thay: Pronunciation spelling of say, to indicate a speaker with a speech impediment such as a lisp.
caut: To emit the characteristic call of a panther.
caut: To make a noise similar to the call of a panther.
lyme: to hang out (to spend time doing nothing in particular)
voms: third-person singular simple present indicative of vom
beal: To gather matter; swell; come to a head, as a pimple; fester; suppurate.
beal: To bellow, roar, or shout.
yoik: To sing in a traditional Sami style.
IDed: simple past and past participle of ID
zoot: To rush around quickly; to scoot.
vuln: To wound (oneself) by biting at the breast.
elfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of elf
aret: To impute (something) as a fault to or upon someone.
yote: To pour water on; pour in.
yote: To steep.
spue: Obsolete form of spew.
snar: To snarl.
fure: To lead.
fure: To carry, bear, convey, transport.
bose: To strike the ground with an object in order to determine, from the resulting sounds, what lies underground.
larf: Pronunciation spelling of laugh.
hote: To command; to enjoin.
hote: To promise.
hote: To be called, be named.
hote: To call, name.
'ope: Pronunciation spelling of hope.
'old: Pronunciation spelling of hold.
'eld: Pronunciation spelling of held. simple past and past participle of 'old
'ear: Pronunciation spelling of hear.
'ave: Pronunciation spelling of have.
xfer: Abbreviation of transfer.
coit: To throw.
coit: to copulate; to mate
ginn: Nonstandard form of given.
raim: Alternative form of rame
reem: To open (the seams of a vessel's planking) for the purpose of calking them.
fyke: To fish using a fyke.
nims: third-person singular simple present indicative of nim
zerg: To attack an opponent with a large swarm of units before they have been able to build sufficient defences.
arva: To have sex with; to fuck.
seds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sed
elds: third-person singular simple present indicative of eld
nurl: Alternative spelling of knurl
rize: Obsolete spelling of rise
rize: Eye dialect spelling of rise.
waff: To bark; to woof.
heaf: (of farm animals, especially a flock of sheep) To become accustomed to and attached to an area of mountain pasture, seldom straying from it.
yete: Alternative form of yet ("to melt, found").
yesk: Alternative form of yex
geck: To jeer; to show contempt for.
geck: To cheat or trick.
DJed: simple past and past participle of DJ
abd.: Abbreviation of abdicated.
FTPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of FTP
3rds: third-person singular simple present indicative of 3rd
loun: To beat; thrash.
louk: To weed; pull up weeds.
louk: Alternative form of lock
aggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of agg
gnag: To gnaw; nibble; bite at (something)
gnag: To worry; scold; torment; nag
sugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sug
yets: third-person singular simple present indicative of yet
goan: Pronunciation spelling of going.
goan: Pronunciation spelling of going to.
skee: Obsolete form of ski.
XXXs: third-person singular simple present indicative of XXX
dern: To hide; secrete, as in a hole.
dern: To hide oneself; skulk.
mald: To become extremely angry, especially as a result of losing a video game.
jaup: To splash; to slosh.
dawt: To fondle or caress.
bolk: To belch.
bolk: To vomit; retch.
bolk: To heave.
bolk: To gush out.
bolk: To belch out; give vent to; ejaculate.
jole: Obsolete spelling of jowl
smit: To infect.
smit: simple past and past participle of smite
feal: To hide.
feal: To press on, advance.
LOLs: third-person singular simple present indicative of LOL
pist: Obsolete spelling of pissed; simple past and past participle of piss
wyll: Obsolete spelling of will
wair: To spend.
wair: Nonstandard form of were.
abuy: Alternative form of aby
boop: To produce a low-pitched beeping sound.
boop: To strike gently or playfully; to bop (especially on the nose).
gzip: To compress using the gzip program.
sabo: To get someone in trouble, to prank, to sabotage another's efforts.
cuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cud
tolt: Alternative form of tölt
tolt: simple past and past participle of tell
plaw: To boil; seethe.
plaw: To boil; boil slightly; parboil.
v.s.: volti subito
hmms: third-person singular simple present indicative of hmm
yhad: past participle of have
reop: To restore (a previously deopped IRC user) to operator status.
OHKO: To defeat with a single attack.
yive: To give.
yarr: To growl or snarl like a dog.
shu': Pronunciation spelling of shut.
sgd.: Abbreviation of signed.
sies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sie
sizz: To fizz, sizzle.
yarm: To cry out; make a loud, unpleasant noise; shriek; yell.
yarm: To scold; grumble.
heps: third-person singular simple present indicative of hep
shud: nonstandard or archaic spelling of should
hyer: Obsolete spelling of hire
bace: Obsolete form of base.
aiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of aik
oose: Archaic form of ooze.
culd: Obsolete form of could.
LJBF: To ask (somebody) to remain a platonic friend; to turn down the offer of a romantic or sexual relationship.
jiff: to deceive, swindle, trick
weye: Obsolete form of weigh.
soss: To soil; to make dirty.
soss: To fall suddenly into a chair or seat; to sit lazily.
soss: To throw in a negligent or careless manner; to toss.
thas: Alternative spelling of thass
atgo: To expend; go; pass away; vanish.
gtfo: Alternative letter-case form of GTFO
crik: Obsolete spelling of creak
bloo: Eye dialect spelling of blew.
pyne: Obsolete form of pine.
baze: To stupefy; frighten; alarm.
vowe: Obsolete form of vow.
kemb: Obsolete form of comb.
us'd: simple past and past participle of use
dipt: simple past and past participle of dip
seye: Obsolete spelling of say
thnk: Abbreviation of thank.
thnk: Abbreviation of think.
ript: simple past and past participle of rip
rine: To touch.
rine: To concern; affect.
rine: To pertain to; fall to.
rine: To tend to a certain effect or outcome.
tapt: simple past and past participle of tap
jouk: To duck, dodge; to evade; to swerve.
sipt: simple past and past participle of sip
joul: Alternative form of jowl
wrig: To wriggle.
cond: Obsolete spelling of con (“direct or steer a ship”)
snye: Obsolete spelling of sny (abound, swarm, teem, be infested).
loff: Alternative form of lofe
lofe: To praise; commend.
lofe: To offer; offer at a price; expose for sale.
fuff: To puff.
liss: To ease; lighten; relieve; abate.
liss: To cease; stop.
knab: To nab or steal.
knab: To seize with the teeth; to gnaw.
kaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of kaw
lirk: To jerk.
lirk: To crease; rumple; cause to hang in loose folds.
lirk: To become creased or wrinkled.
lirt: To deceive; beguile.
lirt: To cheat; befool.
lirt: To toss.
lirt: To walk or move in a quick, lively, or pert manner.
lirt: To gambol; frisk.
gise: To feed or pasture.
glew: simple past of glow
elne: To strengthen; hearten; comfort; encourage.
wiln: To wish; desire.
wiln: To receive willingly; consent or submit to; accept.
wiln: To resolve; determine.
wiln: To have a desire; long (for); yearn or seek (after).
orns: third-person singular simple present indicative of orn
jelq: To stroke and squeeze one's penile shaft in order to increase the girth or length of the penis.
Hann: To apply the Hann function to (a signal).
wern: To refuse.
scug: To shelter; to protect.
scug: To hide; to take shelter.
nurn: Alternative form of norn
hask: Pronunciation spelling of ask.
frab: To scold, nag, or harass.
fike: To feign; dissemble; flatter.
fike: To move about in a quick, uneasy way; be constantly in motion.
fike: To give trouble to; vex; perplex.
judg: Obsolete form of judge.
gawn: Eye dialect spelling of certain regional pronunciations of going.
ferk: Alternative form of firk
ferk: To rummage, in order to search for something; to dig amongst articles or move things aside in order to try and find something.
okeh: Dated form of OK.
halp: Alternative spelling of help
halp: Alternative form of holp (“helped”)
pyke: Obsolete form of peek.
pyke: Obsolete form of pick.
woll: Obsolete form of will.
circ: To circumcise.
smot: Obsolete form of smote.
sley: To separate or part the threads of, and arrange them in a reed.
OCRs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OCR
huzz: To buzz; to murmur.
sess: To lay a tax upon; to assess.
belk: To vomit.
snet: To clear of mucus; to blow (one's nose).
whur: Dated form of whirr.
meaw: Dated form of meow.
hawm: To lounge; to loiter.
pirl: To twist or wind, especially into a cord or braid etc.
pirl: To ripple or swirl, especially of water.
pirl: To cause to revolve or spin.
hyde: Obsolete form of hide.
friz: Dated form of frizz.
sapu: to eat up
sapu: to steal
swob: Dated form of swab.
sicc: Alternative spelling of sic (“set upon”)
toze: Alternative form of tose
neal: To temper by heat.
neal: To be tempered by heat.
unty: Obsolete form of untie.
bely: Obsolete spelling of belie
wote: Obsolete form of wot.
brek: Pronunciation spelling of break.
shug: To writhe the body so as to produce friction against one's clothes, as do those who have the itch.
shug: To crawl; to sneak.
cood: Eye dialect spelling of could.
paum: To palm off by fraud.
paum: To cheat at cards.
hizz: To hiss.
sweb: To swoon; faint.
ohed: simple past and past participle of oh
hurr: To hum or buzz.
hurr: To make a rolling, trilling, or burring sound.
tath: To manure (land) by pasturing cattle on it, or causing them to lie upon it.
abr.: Abbreviation of abridge.
iggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of igg
murr: To purr.
ymet: past participle of meet
fyle: Alternative form of file
lued: simple past and past participle of lu
lued: simple past and past participle of lue
rowt: Alternative form of rout To make a loud noise.
uggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ugg
t'is: to pierce with a needle
fums: third-person singular simple present indicative of fum
budg: Obsolete form of budge.
yarl: To sing in this manner.
kena: To experience, receive, suffer, get or be affected by (something negative).
kena: Used before a verb to indicate the adversative passive voice.
lols: third-person singular simple present indicative of lol
'elp: Pronunciation spelling of help.
holk: To dig out; make hollow; hollow out.
holk: To dig; dig into; pierce; penetrate; investigate; poke.
holk: To dig up; excavate.
coud: Obsolete spelling of could
dizz: To make dizzy; to astonish; to puzzle.
vape: To inhale the vapor produced by a non-combustible cigarette, most commonly an electronic cigarette.
ruds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rud
oned: simple past and past participle of one
kepo: Alternative spelling of kaypoh
raff: To sweep, snatch, draw, or huddle together; to take by a promiscuous sweep.
yeme: To keep, to observe, to pay attention.
shab: To scratch; to rub.
shab: To play mean tricks; to act shabbily.
meou: Alternative form of meow
JITs: third-person singular simple present indicative of JIT
chud: To champ; to bite.
ygot: past participle of get
euth: To euthanize.
GIFs: third-person singular simple present indicative of GIF
pued: simple past and past participle of pue
jols: third-person singular simple present indicative of jol
Lowe: A slang term for "allow", means allow it. Ex: (leave it, forget or don't worry about it)
psso: pass slipstitch over
skpo: Initialism of slip one, knit one, and pass slipstitch over.
boln: To swell; to puff.
jamp: simple past and past participle of jump
siss: To make a hissing sound.
dush: To strike or push violently; (of an animal) to strike with the horns; butt.
dush: To fall violently; dash down; move with violence.
shie: Archaic form of shy (to throw).
cund: Obsolete form of cond (to con (a ship)).
mued: simple past and past participle of mue
dodd: Alternative form of dod (to lop or cut off)
poze: Obsolete form of pose.
brog: To prod with a pointed instrument, such as a lance; to prick or pierce.
brog: To broggle.
LOLd: simple past and past participle of LOL
bigg: To build.
cail: To throw, pelt; to throw weakly.
cail: To tilt up or turn over in order to discharge a load.
cail: To move awkwardly or uncertainly; to gambol, kick out one's heels like a colt.
BBQs: third-person singular simple present indicative of BBQ
kype: Alternative spelling of kipe (“to steal”)
liek: Deliberate misspelling of like.
MiST: Alternative form of MST (to mock a work by inserting annotations)
'low: To allow; to acknowledge or admit.
rins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rin
IM'd: simple past and past participle of IM
Joss: To invalidate a fan theory or original element of a fanwork through the introduction of new canon or retconning.
ewte: To pour; pour in
pamp: To pamper.
lyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lye
adaw: To daunt, overcome.
adaw: To awaken, arouse.
quab: Alternative form of quob
beed: Synonym of was
beed: Synonym of were
giue: obsolete typography of give
est.: Abbreviation of established.
kyth: To show, manifest
yern: Obsolete form of yearn.
abar: To bar, prohibit, or block.
japa: to emigrate from a country for better pay or working conditions.
taft: To spread the end of a pipe outward so as to form a wide thin flange.
feen: To want something obsessively; to have a strong desire (for).
roap: Obsolete form of rope.
lold: simple past and past participle of lol
vyed: simple past and past participle of vye
vyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vye
tyle: Alternative form of tile (to protect from the intrusion of the uninitiated)
ver.: Abbreviation of verify.
chig: To chew.
abey: To hold in abeyance; to suspend.
awws: third-person singular simple present indicative of aww
baes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bae
vegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of veg
mogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mog
sub.: Abbreviation of substitute.
sub.: Abbreviation of subaudi.
wuff: Alternative form of woof (“to bark”)
smof: To discuss fandom; to organise or direct fandom; to act in the manner of a SMOF.
tuxy: To pull such strips from a plant.
dack: To pull down someone's trousers as a practical joke.
loid: To force (a lock) by slipping a credit card or similar thin object between the door and the frame.
libs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lib
dawb: Archaic form of daub.
fiss: To split apart into multiple entities.
baww: To whine; to complain miserably.
cutt: Obsolete spelling of cut
yots: third-person singular simple present indicative of yot
O.D.: Alternative form of OD
doxx: To publish personal information (of an individual) without their consent.
doxx: To reveal the operator of an anonymous online account without their consent.
vags: third-person singular simple present indicative of vag
gork: To sedate a patient heavily.
kebs: third-person singular simple present indicative of keb
MSTs: third-person singular simple present indicative of MST
waps: third-person singular simple present indicative of wap
eeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of eek
goam: To see, to recognize, to take notice of.
fubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fub
thot: Nonstandard form of thought, simple past and past participle of think
wifi: Alternative form of Wi-Fi
lyze: Alternative form of lyse
DIAF: Abbreviation of die in a fire.
zotz: To murder, knock off.
polk: To dance the polka.
kest: Obsolete spelling of cast
TiVo: Alternative form of tivo
cc's: third-person singular simple present indicative of cc
japs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jap
PCed: simple past and past participle of PC
skug: Alternative form of scug
galp: to gape; yawn.
sogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sog
bo't: Abbreviation of bought.
phub: To ignore the conversation around oneself by focusing on one's smartphone.
mmph: To make a muffled cry.
yeed: Alternative form of yede
hyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hye
hyed: simple past and past participle of hye
elts: third-person singular simple present indicative of elt
cuck: To cuckold or cuckquean, to be sexually unfaithful towards.
cuck: To turn into a cuckold or cuckquean, to cheat with the partner of (someone).
cuck: To weaken or emasculate, to render pathetic.
cuck: To fool and thus lower the status of, to exploit the trust or tolerance of (to one's own benefit and the other's disadvantage); to make into a cuck (one who acts against their own interests).
cuck: To punish (someone) by putting them in a cucking stool.
tews: third-person singular simple present indicative of tew
doin: Pronunciation spelling of doing.
dups: third-person singular simple present indicative of dup
umms: third-person singular simple present indicative of umm
69ed: simple past and past participle of 69
MCed: simple past and past participle of MC
sabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sab
trib: To sexually stimulate one's vulva against another person's; to scissor.
eans: third-person singular simple present indicative of ean
glip: To bomb a bridge, particularly with a technique developed by the 490th Missile Squadron during World War II.
reny: Alternative form of renay
vums: third-person singular simple present indicative of vum
doed: simple past and past participle of do
layd: Obsolete spelling of laid
flie: Obsolete spelling of fly
hafe: Pronunciation spelling of have.
jine: Pronunciation spelling of join.
cary: Obsolete spelling of carry
bowe: Obsolete spelling of bow
coid: Obsolete spelling of could
dyde: Obsolete spelling of died
DMed: simple past and past participle of DM
GMed: simple past and past participle of GM
STed: simple past and past participle of ST
hea': Pronunciation spelling of hear.
woop: Misspelling of whoop.
los': Alternative spelling of lost
hiff: To throw (an object) through the air.
wauk: Alternative form of waulk
bayt: Obsolete form of bait.
tol': simple past and past participle of tell
reup: Alternative form of re-up
yeet: To throw (something) with great force; to hurl.
yeet: To move quickly; to dash, zoom.
yeet: To ye (address with the pronoun "ye").
DLed: simple past and past participle of DL
cit.: Abbreviation of cited.
gegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of geg
youk: Alternative form of yeuk
ahed: simple past and past participle of ah
wubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wub
divy: Alternative form of divvy
niff: To smell bad; to stink.
byrl: Alternative form of birle
ULed: simple past and past participle of UL
pogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pog
leyn: to read from a Torah scroll
leyn: to recite the haftarah, megillah or other ritualized text
rifs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rif
lews: third-person singular simple present indicative of lew
loq.: Loquitur; Used to identify the character who is speaking in a quotation
rown: past participle of row
rown: Archaic spelling of roun.
VJed: simple past and past participle of VJ
txts: third-person singular simple present indicative of txt
PMed: simple past and past participle of PM
shal: Obsolete spelling of shall
yirk: Alternative form of yerk
tyed: simple past and past participle of tye
humf: Alternative form of humph
babs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bab
arrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of arr
TA's: third-person singular simple present indicative of TA
TA'd: simple past and past participle of TA
feak: Alternative form of feague.
feak: To wipe the bill on material in order to clean or hone it.
larp: Alternative letter-case form of LARP
RIFs: third-person singular simple present indicative of RIF
gnew: simple past of gnaw
yoom: you are
weem: we are
yock: To laugh, especially loudly or uproariously
DNAs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DNA
Uber: To travel via a mobile app-based ridesharing service, particularly but not necessarily Uber.
lyed: simple past of lye
mozz: To jinx or give bad luck to.
plap: To plash; fall with a plashing sound
fucc: Eye dialect spelling of fuck.
FSes: third-person singular simple present indicative of FS
alay: Obsolete spelling of allay
boad: Obsolete form of bode.
teep: To use telepathy.
rool: To raggle; to ruffle.
ared: simple past and past participle of aread
fugg: Alternative form of fug
borm: to smear with paint, oil, etc.
lall: To speak with lallation.
GPLs: third-person singular simple present indicative of GPL
FSed: simple past and past participle of FS
yuke: Alternative form of yeuk
ehed: past of eh
ehhs: present of ehh
yaff: To bark, yelp.
yaff: To scold; to nag.
noys: third-person singular simple present indicative of noy
zhng: To modify (a gadget or vehicle).
zhng: To embellish or redecorate.
ooch: To move or slide a small amount; scoot; scooch.
ooch: To move in a small or restricted space; squirm or squeeze.
ooch: To progress or change a little bit or in small increments.
ooch: To quietly force to move without drama or noticeable disruption.
ooch: To exceed a limit by a small amount.
ooch: To work toward a goal by using small low-risk steps.
ooch: To propel a boat or sailboard by rocking one's body back and forth.
ooch: To cry out in pain or discomfort.
foof: To fluff; to cause to puff up.
foof: To blow air through the lips while they are pressed together or against skin; to blow a raspberry.
enew: To drive back to the water; to pursue.
rogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rog
hodl: To hoard a kind of cryptocurrency, especially bitcoin.
BTFO: Initialism of back the fuck off or butt the fuck out.
CTCs: present of CTC
iump: Archaic spelling of jump.
payd: Archaic spelling of paid.
payd: Eye dialect spelling of paid.
soys: third-person singular simple present indicative of soy
smur: to drizzle, to rain lightly
h8ed: simple past and past participle of h8
cowp: To fall or tip over.
SROM: To have a spontaneous rupture of membranes.
estd: Abbreviation of established.
estd: Abbreviation of estimated.
recc: Alternative form of rec (“recommend”)
shir: Alternative form of shirr
tawe: Obsolete spelling of taw (to tow)
resp: Alternative form of risp
blep: To extend the tongue beyond the lips, seemingly for no reason, without opening the mouth fully.
piff: To throw something vigorously.
yump: To leave the ground briefly when driving over a ridge at high speed.
lopt: simple past and past participle of lop
f*ck: Censored spelling of fuck.
acoy: Alternative form of accoy
voop: To produce a voop sound, possibly accompanied by a swift fluid movement.
hish: Alternative form of hiss
empt: To empty.
JFKs: third-person singular simple present indicative of JFK
PCRs: third-person singular simple present indicative of PCR
skue: Obsolete form of skew.
joik: Alternative form of yoik
succ: Nonstandard spelling of suck.
skry: Alternative form of scry
Zucc: To ban, either permanently or temporarily, from posting on a website, especially on Facebook or Instagram.
CCed: simple past and past participle of CC
BMed: simple past and past participle of BM
CDed: simple past and past participle of CD
fwds: third-person singular simple present indicative of fwd
mumm: Archaic form of mum (“to act in pantomime or dumb show”).
404s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 404
F5ed: simple past and past participle of F5
joyn: Obsolete form of join.
LDAR: Lay down and rot; to resign oneself to the hopelessness and unchangeability of one's circumstances, especially as a single, unattractive male.
ongo: To be ongoing (occurring, happening); to last, proceed or continue.
scon: Alternative form of scoon (“to skim along a surface”)
scun: Alternative form of scoon (“to skim along a surface”)
nize: To shut up; to stop talking.
sowm: To determine the proportion of sheep or cattle suitable for a given pasture.
f***: Censored spelling of fuck.
DCFC: Initialism of DC fast charge. (DC = direct current)
RTUs: third-person singular simple present indicative of RTU
hopt: simple past and past participle of hop
AAed: simple past and past participle of AA
muzz: To study intently; to pore over.
muzz: To hang around aimlessly; to loiter.
muzz: To make muzzy or hazy; to confuse.
fked: simple past and past participle of fk
gegg: To trick or hoax.
jush: Alternative form of zhoosh
5150: To involuntarily confine a person for a mental illness that poses a risk to themselves or others.
OOPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OOP
rurn: Pronunciation spelling of ruin.
dx'd: simple past and past participle of dx
dx's: third-person singular simple present indicative of dx
xmit: Abbreviation of transmit.
gozz: to spit
bhop: Alternative form of b-hop
SPAC: To become a listed company via a merger with a special-purpose acquisition company.
snam: To snatch with the jaws; snap at something greedily.
snam: To steal; snatch.
snam: To rob (a person).
RDMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of RDM
OK'd: simple past and past participle of OK
OK's: third-person singular simple present indicative of OK
shhs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shh
spye: Obsolete spelling of spy
mimp: To purse one’s lips.
mimp: To act in an affectedly prim or dainty manner.
lewk: Pronunciation spelling of look, representing Northern England English.
fied: simple past and past participle of fy
wung: simple past and past participle of wing
trye: Obsolete spelling of try
awsk: Pronunciation spelling of ask.
BSes: third-person singular simple present indicative of BS
BSed: simple past and past participle of BS
wrop: Alternative form of wrap
clat: To dirty
wyed: simple past and past participle of wye
NFTs: third-person singular simple present indicative of NFT
shig: At a competitive barbecuing event, to visit a rival's barbecue area in order to snoop on their cooking techniques.
BIRG: Acronym of bask in reflected glory.
IMed: simple past and past participle of IM
OHKs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OHK
viff: To change direction by changing the direction of thrust from the engine(s).
upgo: to go up
cc'd: simple past and past participle of cc
TPed: simple past and past participle of TP
dild: alternate, archaic form of yield. A somewhat formal greeting.
twag: To play truant.
NOPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of NOP
yawk: to shoot, to make an impact (on) by firing
veed: simple past and past participle of vee
kack: Alternative form of cack (“kill”)
kack: Alternative form of cack (“to defecate”)
zeed: simple past and past participle of zee
spey: Alternative form of spay
♥ing: present participle and gerund of ♥
♥'ed: simple past and past participle of ♥
gnip: To nip, bite; to champ at the bit
DM'd: simple past and past participle of DM
w8ed: simple past and past participle of w8
diaf: Alternative letter-case form of DIAF
BBMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of BBM
nank: Alternative form of shank (“stab with a knife”)
TXed: simple past and past participle of TX
TXes: third-person singular simple present indicative of TX
scob: To create a scob.
scob: To pack a wagon with large pieces on top so as to hide gaps resulting from it not being completely filled.
scob: To scrape or pound.
RTed: simple past and past participle of RT
DP'd: simple past and past participle of DP
DPed: simple past and past participle of DP
OTKs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OTK
4got: simple past of 4get
4get: Forget.
yike: To utter the exclamation yikes.
girk: To jerk, yerk.
HODL: Alternative letter-case form of hodl
airn: To earn.
sk8s: third-person singular simple present indicative of sk8
*69s: third-person singular simple present indicative of *69
1der: Abbreviation of wonder.
FAFO: Alternative form of fuck around and find out
fext: To send such a text message.
fvck: Censored spelling of fuck.
s**t: Censored spelling of shit.
s***: Censored spelling of shit.
sh**: Censored spelling of shit.
sh*t: Censored spelling of shit.
s*ck: Censored spelling of suck.
xfed: simple past and past participle of xfeed
vabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of vab
rizz: To seduce a (usually female) love interest; to attract someone using rizz.
fu*k: Censored spelling of fuck.
yars: third-person singular simple present indicative of yar
yabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of yab
skrt: Alternative form of skrrt
ooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ook
J/Os: third-person singular simple present indicative of J/O
'jak: To quote (someone) on an imageboard with the addition of a soyjak image.
'jak: To trace over the photograph of (a person) to produce a soyjak image.
'ull: Alternative form of 'll
hmpf: Alternative form of humph.
NMed: simple past and past participle of NM
rtwt: Abbreviation of retweet.
shld: Abbreviation of should.
orps: third-person singular simple present indicative of orp
booh: Archaic form of boo.
NFAs: third-person singular simple present indicative of NFA
NFAd: simple past and past participle of NFA
tazz: To move quickly; to dash; to rush.
twts: third-person singular simple present indicative of twt
clep: Alternative form of clepe
mukt: To free, liberate, emancipate
mukt: To release from the cycle of transmigration
abie: Obsolete form of aby.
ated: simple past and past participle of eat
DNFs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DNF
Juul: To smoke a Juul.
ODed: simple past and past participle of OD
appd: Abbreviation of appointed.
appd: Abbreviation of approved.
asgd: Abbreviation of assigned.
herx: To experience a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction, a negative reaction to antibiotic treatment.
req.: Abbreviation of require.
VCed: simple past and past participle of VC
1v1s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 1v1
fwdd: Abbreviation of forwarded.
ntfy: Abbreviation of notify.
quap: Obsolete form of quop.
KOed: simple past and past participle of KO
unbe: To lack being; to be nonexistent.
unbe: To deprive of being; to make nonexistent.
41%s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 41%
DXed: simple past and past participle of DX
rark: Used only in the phrase rark up.
🧢ing: present participle and gerund of 🧢
duss: To leave; to scram.
fuqs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuq
rowl: Obsolete spelling of roll
fcks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fck
yakk: Alternative spelling of yak (to talk, to vomit)
PBed: simple past and past participle of PB
fock: Deliberate misspelling of fuck.
folf: To play disc golf.
OD'd: simple past and past participle of OD
𐑯𐑰𐑛𐑟: needs
𐑐𐑤𐑱𐑕: place
𐑕𐑐𐑰𐑒: speak
𐑕𐑐𐑧𐑤: spell
k!ll: Censored spelling of kill.
OEed: simple past and past participle of OE
@ing: present participle and gerund of @
revv: Alternative form of rev (“increase speed of motor”)
TAed: simple past and past participle of TA
DRYs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DRY
wntd: Abbreviation of wanted.
lkng: Abbreviation of looking.
bick: Alternative form of kick
gurp: To get drunk.
smeb: To drive, especially while drunk.
