abietite: A substance resembling mannite, found in the needles of the common silver fir of Europe (Abies alba).
abiogeny: abiogenesis.
abeyancy: Abeyance.
Abderian: An inhabitant or native of Abdera.
abietene: A volatile oil distilled from the resin or balsam of the nut pine (Pinus sabiniana).
abearing: Behaviour.
abaction: Carrying away by force, especially of animals.
abaction: Stealing cattle on a large scale.
ablegate: A representative of the pope charged with important commissions in foreign countries, one of his duties being to bring to a newly named cardinal his insignia of office.
ablegate: An elected representative of a Hungarian royal free city, charged to be a speaker at the Diet of Hungary and to express the opinion of the city.
abatvoix: Alternative form of abat-voix
abluvion: That which is washed off.
abodance: An omen or portent.
ableness: Ability of body or mind.
ableness: Something one is able to do.
abb wool: Alternative form of abb-wool
abaculus: A small tile of glass, marble, or other substance, of various colors, used in making ornamental patterns in mosaic pavements; abaciscus.
Abderite: An inhabitant or native of Abdera, in Thrace.
Abderite: Democritus, the Laughing Philosopher.
abradant: A material used for grinding, as emery, sand, powdered glass, etc.; an abrasive.
abdicant: One who abdicates.
abricock: apricot
abridger: One who abridges.
ablation: A carrying or taking away; removal.
ablation: The surgical removal of a body part, an organ, or especially a tumor; the removal of an organ function; amputation.
ablation: The progressive removal of material by any of a variety of processes such as melting or vaporization under heat or chipping.
ablation: The removal of a glacier by melting and evaporation; the lowering of a land surface by any of several means, as in wind erosion or mass wasting.
ablation: The progressive removal of material by any of a variety of processes such as melting or vaporization under heat or chipping.
ablation: The depletion of surface snow and ice from a spacecraft or meteorite through melting and evaporation caused by friction with the atmosphere.
abetment: The act of abetting or assisting in a crime, wrongdoing etc.
abetment: Encouragement or assistance.
abditory: A concealed location used for storage or to hide items.
abelmosk: The edible and aromatic seed pods (properly, capsules) of the Abelmoschus moschatus.
abelmosk: The tropical evergreen shrub Abelmoschus moschatus itself.
abelmosk: Other members of the genus Abelmoschus, such as okra.
abhorrer: One who abhors.
abhorrer: A nickname given in the early 17ᵗʰ century to signatories of addresses of a petition to reconvene parliament, addressed to Charles II.
aardwolf: A nocturnal, insectivorous mammal, Proteles cristatus, of southern and eastern Africa, related to and resembling the hyena.
absentee: A person who is absent from his or her employment, school, post, duty, etc.
absentee: A landholder who lives in another district or country than the one in which his estate is situated.
absentee: One that is nonexistent or lacking.
absentee: A voter that is not present at the time of voting; absentee voter.
ablution: The act of washing something.
ablution: Originally, the purifying of oils and other substances by emulsification with hot water; now more generally, a thorough cleansing of a precipitate or other non-dissolved substance.
ablution: The act of washing something.
ablution: The act of washing or cleansing the body, or some part of it, as a religious rite.
ablution: The act of washing something.
ablution: Washing oneself; bathing, cleaning oneself up.
ablution: The act of washing something.
ablution: The rinsing of the priest's hand and the sacred vessel following the Communion with, depending on rite, water or a mix of it and wine, which may then be drunk by the priest.
ablution: The liquid used in the cleansing or ablution.
ablution: The ritual consumption by the deacon or priest of leftover sacred wine of host after the Communion.
abrasive: A hard inorganic substance or material consisting in powder or granule form such as sandpaper, pumice, or emery, used for cleaning, smoothing, or polishing.
abrasive: Rock fragments, sand grains, mineral particles, used by water, wind, and ice to abrade a land surface.
acaridan: Synonym of acarid
Accadian: Alternative spelling of Akkadian
accensor: One of the functionaries who light and trim the tapers.
abomasum: The fourth or digestive compartment of the stomach of a cow or other ruminant, after the omasum;
abomasum: the lining of said compartment, considered as a foodstuff.
accismus: The feigning of disinterest in something while actually desiring it.
aardvark: The nocturnal, insectivorous, burrowing, mammal Orycteropus afer, of the order Tubulidentata, somewhat resembling a pig, common in some parts of sub-Saharan Africa.
abrasion: The act of abrading, wearing, or rubbing off; the wearing away by friction.
abrasion: The substance thus rubbed off; debris.
abrasion: The effect of mechanical erosion of rock, especially a river bed, by rock fragments scratching and scraping it.
abrasion: An abraded, scraped, or worn area.
abrasion: A superficial wound caused by scraping; an area of skin where the cells on the surface have been scraped or worn away.
abrasion: The wearing away of the surface of the tooth by chewing.
absenter: One who stays away; one who absents herself or himself.
abductor: One who abducts; a kidnapper.
abductor: A muscle which serves to draw a part out, or from the median line of the body
abscissa: The first of the two terms by which a point is referred to, in a system of fixed rectilinear coordinate (Cartesian coordinate) axes.
abscissa: The horizontal line representing an axis of a Cartesian coordinate system, on which the abscissa (sense above) is shown.
rag week: An annual event in many universities where students engage in unusual activities to raise money for charity.
rag week: The days of the month when a woman has her period.
bellgirl: A female bellhop.
accorder: One who accords.
abortive: Someone or something born or brought forth prematurely; an abortion.
abortive: A fruitless effort.
abortive: A medicine that causes abortion, an abortifacient.
abortive: A medicine or treatment acting to halt or slow the progress of a disease.
acceptor: One who accepts.
acceptor: One who accepts a draft or a bill of exchange; a drawee after he has accepted.
acceptor: An atom or molecule which can accept an electron to form a chemical bond.
acceptor: A transfer RNA molecule that can accept a specific amino acid
acceptor: A chemical acceptor atom forming a positive hole in a semiconductor
acceptor: A cluster of skin cells that respond to pain
acceptor: A kind of finite-state machine whose binary output indicates whether or not a received input was accepted.
abattoir: A public slaughterhouse for cattle, sheep, etc.
abattoir: A place or event likened to a slaughterhouse, because of great carnage or bloodshed.
teleport: Synonym of teleporter (“science fiction device”)
teleport: A satellite ground station.
futurism: An early 20th century avant-garde art movement focused on speed, the mechanical, and the modern, which took a deeply antagonistic attitude to traditional artistic conventions.
futurism: The study and prediction of possible futures.
futurism: The Jewish expectation of the messiah in the future rather than recognizing him in the presence of Christ.
futurism: Eschatological interpretations associating some Biblical prophecies with future events yet to be fulfilled, including the Second Coming.
sub rosa: Covert surveillance video used to catch workers’ compensation applicants and show that they are in fact not injured.
accepter: A person who accepts; a taker.
accepter: A respecter; one who views others with partiality.
accepter: An acceptor; one who accepts an order or a bill of exchange.
accolade: An expression of approval; praise.
accolade: A special acknowledgment; an award.
accolade: An embrace of greeting or salutation.
accolade: A salutation marking the conferring of knighthood, consisting of an embrace or a kiss, and a slight blow on the shoulders with the flat of a sword.
accolade: A brace used to join two or more staves.
accolade: Written Presidential certificate recognizing service by military personnel or civilians serving the US armed forces who died or were wounded in action between 1917 and 1918, or who died in service between 1941 and 1947, or died of wounds received in Korea between June 27, 1950 and July 27, 1954.
accolade: An ornament composed of two ogee curves meeting in the middle, each concave toward its outer extremity and convex toward the point at which it meets the other.
accolade: Synonym of curly bracket
absolver: Agent noun of absolve; one who absolves.
abidance: The act of abiding or continuing; abode; stay; continuance; dwelling.
abidance: Adherence; compliance; conformity.
aberrant: A person or object that deviates from the rest of a group.
aberrant: A group, individual, or structure that deviates from the usual or natural type, especially with an atypical chromosome number.
oxymoron: A figure of speech in which two words or phrases with opposing meanings are used together intentionally for effect.
oxymoron: A contradiction in terms.
Thanatos: The death drive in Freudian psychoanalysis.
taghairm: An ancient divination method of the Highland Scots involving animal sacrifice.
taghairm: A method of divination involving wrapping a person in the hide of a freshly-killed ox which was then placed beside a waterfall or other desolate place, to enable the person to foresee the outcome of an impending battle; the oracle of the hide.
taghairm: An ancient divination method of the Highland Scots involving animal sacrifice.
taghairm: A method of divination in which cats were roasted alive to call up the spirit of the demon cat who would grant the wishes of the torturers.
abnormal: A person or object that is not normal.
absorber: Something that absorbs.
absorber: A device which causes gas or vapor to be absorbed by a liquid.
absorber: Something that absorbs.
absorber: A material that absorbs neutrons in a reactor.
absorber: Something that absorbs.
absorber: A person who absorbs.
woodwind: Any (typically wooden) musical instrument that produces sound by the player blowing into it, through a reed, or across an opening. Woodwind instruments include the recorder, flute, piccolo, clarinet, oboe, cor anglais and bassoon.
ablative: The ablative case.
ablative: An ablative material.
elephant: A mammal of the order Proboscidea, having a trunk, and two large ivory tusks jutting from the upper jaw.
elephant: Any member of the subfamily Elephantinae not also of the genera Mammuthus and Primelephas.
elephant: Anything huge and ponderous.
elephant: Synonym of elephant paper
elephant: used when counting to add length, so that each count takes about one second
elephant: Ivory.
elephant: A xiangqi piece that is moved two points diagonally, may not jump over intervening pieces and may not cross the river.
abeyance: Expectancy; a condition when an ownership of real property is undetermined; lapse in succession of ownership of estate, or title.
abeyance: Suspension; temporary suppression; dormant condition.
abeyance: Expectancy of a noble or armigeral title, its right in existence but its exercise suspended.
abortion: The expulsion from the womb of a foetus or embryo before it is fully developed, with loss of the foetus.
abortion: A spontaneous abortion; a miscarriage.
abortion: The expulsion from the womb of a foetus or embryo before it is fully developed, with loss of the foetus.
abortion: An induced abortion.
abortion: An aborted foetus; an abortus.
abortion: A misshapen person or thing; a monstrosity.
abortion: Failure or abandonment of a project, promise, goal etc.
abortion: Arrest of development of any organ, so that it remains an imperfect formation or is absorbed.
abortion: The cessation of an illness or disease at a very early stage.
dickhead: A jerk; a mean or rude person.
dickhead: The glans penis.
dickhead: A stupid or useless person.
calendar: Any system by which time is divided into days, weeks, months, and years.
calendar: A means to determine the date consisting of a document containing dates and other temporal information.
calendar: A list of planned events.
calendar: An orderly list or enumeration of persons, things, or events; a schedule.
calendar: An appointment book (US), appointment diary (UK)
chairman: A person presiding over a meeting.
chairman: The head of a corporate or governmental board of directors, a committee, or other formal entity.
chairman: Someone whose job is to carry people in a portable chair, sedan chair, or similar conveyance.
nonsense: Letters or words, in writing or speech, that have no meaning or pattern or seem to have no meaning.
nonsense: An untrue statement.
nonsense: That which is silly, illogical and lacks any meaning, reason or value; that which does not make sense.
nonsense: Something foolish.
nonsense: A type of poetry that contains strange or surreal ideas, as, for example, that written by Edward Lear.
nonsense: A damaged DNA sequence whose products are not biologically active, that is, that does nothing.
Saturday: The seventh day of the week in many religious traditions, and the sixth day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm; observed as the Sabbath/Shabbat in Judaism (Friday sunset to Saturday sunset); it follows Friday and precedes Sunday.
morpheme: The smallest linguistic unit within a word that can carry a meaning. It may be a letter, a syllable, or otherwise.
trillion: A statistic formed by a player playing some number of minutes, but recording no stats.
Thursday: The fifth day of the week in many religious traditions, and the fourth day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm; it follows Wednesday and precedes Friday.
whatever: Something whose exact kind or nature is unimportant; a thingy.
lifetime: The duration of the life of someone or something.
lifetime: A long period of time.
appeaser: A person who appeases.
relegate: A person who has been banished from proximity to Rome for a set time, but without losing his civil rights.
musician: A composer, conductor, or a performer of music; more specifically, it's a person who sings and/or plays a musical instrument as a hobby, an occupation, or a profession.
doctrine: A belief or tenet, especially about philosophical or theological matters.
doctrine: The body of teachings of an ideology, most often a religion, or of an ideological or religious leader, organization, group, or text.
doctrine: A self-imposed policy governing some aspect of a country's foreign relations, especially regarding what sort of behavior it will or will not tolerate from other countries.
gleaming: A flash of reflected light.
alphabet: The set of letters used when writing in a language.
alphabet: A writing system in which letters represent phonemes. (Contrast e.g. logography, a writing system in which each character represents a word, and syllabary, in which each character represents a syllable.)
alphabet: A writing system in which letters represent phonemes. (Contrast e.g. logography, a writing system in which each character represents a word, and syllabary, in which each character represents a syllable.)
alphabet: A writing system in which there are letters for the consonant and vowel phonemes. (Contrast e.g. abjad.)
alphabet: A typically finite set of distinguishable symbols.
alphabet: An individual letter of an alphabet; an alphabetic character.
alphabet: The simplest rudiments; elements.
alphabet: An agent of the FBI, the CIA, or another such government agency.
metadata: Data that describes other data, serving as an informative label.
metadata: Structured information about a file (date created, creator, software used to create, last modified, file format, file fingerprint, etc).
quisling: A traitor who collaborates with the enemy.
medicine: A substance which specifically promotes healing when ingested or consumed in some way; a pharmaceutical drug.
medicine: Any treatment or cure.
medicine: The study of the cause, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of disease or illness.
medicine: The profession and practice of physicians, including surgeons.
medicine: The profession and practice of physicians, including surgeons.
medicine: The profession and practice of nonsurgical physicians as sometimes distinguished from that of surgeons.
medicine: Ritual magic used, as by a medicine man, to promote a desired outcome in healing, hunting, or warfare; traditional medicine.
medicine: Among the Native Americans, any object supposed to give control over natural or magical forces, to act as a protective charm, or to cause healing.
medicine: Black magic, superstition.
medicine: A philter or love potion.
medicine: A physician.
medicine: Recreational drugs, especially alcoholic drinks.
umbrella: A cloth-covered frame used for protection against rain or sun.
umbrella: Anything that provides protection.
umbrella: Something that covers a wide range of concepts, purposes, groups, etc.
umbrella: The main body of a jellyfish, excluding the tentacles.
umbrella: An umbrella-shaped reflector with a white or silvery inner surface, used to diffuse a nearby light.
wireless: The medium of radio communication.
wireless: Wireless connectivity to a computer network.
wireless: A radio set.
forecast: An estimation of a future condition.
forecast: An estimation of a future condition.
forecast: A prediction of the weather.
forecast: exacta
Cameroon: A sheep of a domesticated breed from West Africa.
Cameroon: A Conservative Party member with green or social liberal leanings, supporting the policies of David Cameron.
European: Person living or originating from Europe.
European: Person who resides within the European Union.
singular: A form of a word that refers to only one person or thing.
singular: That which is not general; a specific determinate instance.
epidemic: A widespread disease that affects many individuals in a population.
epidemic: An occurrence of a disease or disorder in a population at a frequency higher than that expected in a given time period; an episode of outbreak and subsequent high prevalence.
epidemic: The spreading of an idea or belief amongst a population.
abutment: The point of junction between two things, in particular a support, that abuts.
abutment: The solid portion of a structure that supports the lateral pressure of an arch or vault.
abutment: A construction that supports the ends of a bridge; a structure that anchors the cables on a suspension bridge.
abutment: The part of a valley or canyon wall against which a dam is constructed.
abutment: Something that abuts, or on which something abuts.
abutment: The state of abutting.
abutment: That element that shares a common boundary or surface with its neighbor.
abutment: The tooth that supports a denture or bridge.
abutment: A fixed point or surface where resistance is obtained.
religion: Belief in a spiritual or metaphysical reality (often including at least one deity), accompanied by practices or rituals pertaining to the belief.
religion: A particular system of such belief, and the rituals and practices proper to it.
religion: The way of life committed to by monks and nuns.
religion: Rituals and actions associated with religious beliefs, but considered apart from them.
religion: Any practice to which someone or some group is seriously devoted.
religion: Faithfulness to a given principle; conscientiousness.
increase: An amount by which a quantity is increased.
increase: For a quantity, the act or process of becoming larger
increase: Offspring, progeny
increase: The creation of one or more new stitches; see Increase (knitting).
acanthus: A member of the genus Acanthus of herbaceous prickly plants with toothed leaves, (family Acanthaceae, order Lamiales (formerly Scrophulariales)) found in the south of Europe, Asia Minor, and India.
acanthus: An ornament resembling the foliage or leaves of Acanthus spinosus, used in the capitals of the Corinthian and composite orders.
accuracy: The state of being accurate; being free from error; exactness; correctness
accuracy: Exact conformity to truth, or to a rule or model; degree of conformity of a measure to a true or standard value.
acerbity: Sourness of taste, with bitterness and astringency, like that of unripe fruit.
acerbity: Harshness, bitterness, or severity
acerbity: Something harsh (e.g. a remark, act or experience).
spilikin: A small peg used for playing a game or for keeping score, as in cribbage.
spilikin: a game played with such pegs, pushpin.
spilikin: A jackstraw or pickup stick.
spilikin: The game of jackstraws or pick up sticks.
accustom: Custom.
acidosis: An abnormally increased acidity of the blood.
language: A body of words, and set of methods of combining them (called a grammar), understood by a community and used as a form of communication.
language: The ability to communicate using words.
language: A sublanguage: the slang of a particular community or jargon of a particular specialist field.
language: The expression of thought (the communication of meaning) in a specified way; that which communicates something, as language does.
language: A body of sounds, signs and/or signals by which animals communicate, and by which plants are sometimes also thought to communicate.
language: A computer language; a machine language.
language: Manner of expression.
language: The particular words used in a speech or a passage of text.
language: Profanity.
language: A languet, a flat plate in or below the flue pipe of an organ.
software: Encoded computer instructions, usually modifiable (unless stored in some form of unalterable memory such as ROM).
software: The human beings involved in warfare, as opposed to hardware such as weapons and vehicles.
academic: A follower of Plato, a Platonist.
academic: A senior member of an academy, college, or university; a person who attends an academy; a person engaged in scholarly pursuits; one who is academic in practice.
academic: A member of the Academy; an academician.
academic: A student in a college.
Jacobian: A Jacobian matrix or its associated operator.
Jacobian: The determinant of such a matrix.
Algerian: A person from Algeria or of Algerian descent.
skirmish: A brief battle between small groups, usually part of a longer or larger battle or war.
skirmish: Any minor dispute.
skirmish: A type of outdoor military style game using paintball or similar weapons.
efficacy: Ability to produce a desired effect under ideal testing conditions.
efficacy: Degree of ability to produce a desired effect; effectiveness.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: A level of quality or attainment.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: Something used as a measure for comparative evaluations; a model.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: A musical work of established popularity.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: A rule or set of rules or requirements which are widely agreed upon or imposed by government.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: The proportion of weights of fine metal and alloy established for coinage.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: standard idiom, a prestigious or standardized language variety; standard language
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: A bottle of wine containing 0.750 liters of fluid.
standard: A principle or example or measure used for comparison.
standard: Grade level in primary education.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: An object supported in an upright position, such as a lamp standard.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: The flag or ensign carried by a military unit.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: One of the upright members that supports the horizontal axis of a transit or theodolite.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: Any upright support, such as one of the poles of a scaffold.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: A sturdy, woody plant whose upright stem is used to graft a less hardy ornamental flowering plant on, rather then actually planting it.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: A tree of natural size supported by its own stem, and not dwarfed by grafting on the stock of a smaller species nor trained upon a wall or trellis.
standard: A vertical pole with something at its apex.
standard: The sheth of a plough.
standard: A manual transmission vehicle.
standard: The upper petal or banner of a papilionaceous corolla.
standard: An inverted knee timber placed upon the deck instead of beneath it, with its vertical branch turned upward from that which lies horizontally.
standard: A large drinking cup.
standard: A collar of mail protecting the neck.
standard: Short for standard poodle.
outdoors: The environment outside of enclosed structures.
outdoors: The natural environment in the open air, countryside away from cities and buildings.
kindling: Small pieces of wood and twigs used to start a fire.
kindling: The act by which something is kindled.
emoticon: A graphical representation of a particular emotion of the writer, used especially in SMS, email, or other electronic communication.
emoticon: A graphic made up of text characters to represent such emotion; a smiley.
emoticon: A graphical representation of a particular emotion of the writer, used especially in SMS, email, or other electronic communication.
emoticon: An image or graphic icon used to represent such emotions; an emoji.
absinthe: The herb absinthium Artemisia absinthium (grande wormwood); essence of wormwood.
absinthe: Bitterness; sorrow.
absinthe: A distilled, highly alcoholic, anise-flavored liquor originally made from grande wormwood, anise, and other herbs.
absinthe: A moderate yellow green.
absinthe: absinthe green
absinthe: Sagebrush.
Portugal: A Portuguese person.
ontology: The branch of metaphysics that addresses the nature or essential characteristics of being and of things that exist; the study of being qua being.
ontology: In a subject view, or a world view, the set of conceptual or material things or classes of things that are recognised as existing, or are assumed to exist in context, and their interrelations; in a body of theory, the ontology comprises the domain of discourse, the things that are defined as existing, together with whatever emerges from their mutual implications.
ontology: The theory of a particular philosopher or school of thought concerning the fundamental types of entity in the universe.
ontology: A logical system involving theory of classes, developed by Stanislaw Lesniewski (1886-1939).
ontology: A structure of concepts or entities within a domain, organized by relationships; a system model.
nuisance: A minor annoyance or inconvenience.
nuisance: A person or thing causing annoyance or inconvenience.
nuisance: Anything harmful or offensive to the community or to a member of it, for which a legal remedy exists.
computer: A person employed to perform computations; one who computes.
computer: A person employed to perform computations; one who computes.
computer: A male computer, where the female computer is called a computress.
computer: A programmable electronic device that performs mathematical calculations and logical operations, especially one that can process, store and retrieve large amounts of data very quickly; now especially, a small one for personal or home use employed for manipulating text or graphics, accessing the Internet, or playing games or media.
Albanian: A person from Albania or of Albanian descent.
Albanian: Synonym of Caucasian Albanian
Albanian: Someone from the city of Albany, New York State.
security: The condition of not being threatened, especially physically, psychologically, emotionally, or financially.
security: Something that secures.
security: An organization or department responsible for providing security by enforcing laws, rules, and regulations as well as maintaining order.
security: Something that secures the fulfillment of an obligation or law.
security: Freedom from apprehension.
security: A tradeable financial asset, such as a share of stock.ᵂ
security: Proof of ownership of stocks, bonds or other investment instruments.
security: Property etc. temporarily relinquished to guarantee repayment of a loan.
security: A guarantee.
security: Carelessness; negligence.
eleventh: The person or thing in the eleventh position.
eleventh: One of eleven equal parts of a whole.
eleventh: The note eleven scale degrees from the root of a chord.
plankton: Organisms, especially small and microscopic ones, that drift in water.
plankton: A plankter, any single organism that drifts in water.
Hawaiian: A descendant of the peoples inhabiting the Hawaiian Islands prior to European contact.
Hawaiian: A native or resident of the state of Hawaii in the United States of America.
Hawaiian: A pizza topped with ham and pineapple.
bush dog: A wild canine animal (Speothos venaticus), found in Central and South America.
handfish: Any of the anglerfishes of the genus Brachionichthys, which can "walk" on the sea floor using their pectoral fins.
red deer: A species of large deer, Cervus elaphus, found in Europe and southwestern Asia.
red deer: The wapiti or North American elk, Cervus canadensis, a deer species of North America, long believed to be a subspecies of the European red deer.
abstract: An abridgement or summary of a longer publication.
abstract: Something that concentrates in itself the qualities of a larger item, or multiple items.
abstract: Concentrated essence of a product.
abstract: Something that concentrates in itself the qualities of a larger item, or multiple items.
abstract: A powdered solid extract of a medicinal substance mixed with lactose.
abstract: Something that concentrates in itself the qualities of a larger item, or multiple items.
abstract: An abstraction; an abstract term; that which is abstract.
abstract: The theoretical way of looking at things; something that exists only in idealized form.
abstract: An abstract work of art.
abstract: A summary title of the key points detailing a tract of land, for ownership; abstract of title.
currency: Money or other items used to facilitate transactions.
currency: Paper money.
currency: The state of being current; general acceptance, recognition or use.
currency: Current value; general estimation; the rate at which anything is generally valued.
currency: fluency; readiness of utterance
rational: A rational number: a number that can be expressed as the quotient of two integers.
rational: The breastplate worn by Israelite high priests.
triangle: A polygon with three sides and three angles.
triangle: A set square.
triangle: A percussion instrument made by forming a metal rod into a triangular shape which is open at one angle. It is suspended from a string and hit with a metal bar to make a resonant sound.
triangle: A triangular piece of equipment used for gathering the balls into the formation required by the game being played.
triangle: A love triangle.
triangle: The structure of systems composed with three interrelated objects.
triangle: A draughtsman's square in the form of a right-angled triangle.
triangle: A frame formed of three poles stuck in the ground and united at the top, to which people were bound when undergoing corporal punishment.
triangle: Any of various large papilionid butterflies of the genus Graphium.
triangle: A triangular formation of railway tracks, with a curve on at least one side.
absolute: That which exists (or has a certain property, nature, size, etc) independent of references to other standards or external conditions; that which is universally valid; that which is not relative, conditional, qualified or mitigated.
absolute: In a plane, the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions, the imaginary circle at infinity.
absolute: A realm which exists without reference to anything else; that which can be imagined purely by itself; absolute ego.
absolute: The whole of reality; the totality to which everything is reduced; the unity of spirit and nature; God.
absolute: A concentrated natural flower oil, used for perfumes; an alcoholic extract of a concrete.
keyboard: A set of keys used to operate a typewriter, computer etc.
keyboard: A component of many instruments including the piano, organ, and harpsichord consisting of usually black and white keys that cause different tones to be produced when struck.
keyboard: A device with keys of a musical keyboard, used to control electronic sound-producing devices which may be built into or separate from the keyboard device.
bull bar: A welded framework of metal bars at a vehicle's front, designed to protect it during collisions with animals, but often purchased as a fashion accessory.
midnight: The middle of the night: the sixth temporal hour, equidistant between sunset and sunrise.
midnight: Twelve o'clock at night exactly.
midnight: Synonym of boxcars (“a pair of sixes”)
Japanese: A person/people living in or coming from Japan, or of Japanese ancestry.
Japanese: Japanese food.
football: A sport played on foot in which teams attempt to get a ball into a goal or zone defended by the other team.
football: Association football: a game in which two teams each contend to get a round ball into the other team's goal primarily by kicking the ball. Known as soccer in Canada, the United States, Australia, Ireland, and New Zealand.
football: American football: a game played on a field 100 yards long and 53 1/3 yards wide in which two teams of 11 players attempt to get an ovoid ball to the end of each other's territory.
football: Canadian football: a game played on a field 110 yards long and 65 yards wide in which two teams of 12 players attempt to get an ovoid ball to the end of each other's territory.
football: Australian rules football.
football: Gaelic football: a field game played with similar rules to hurling, but using hands and feet rather than a stick, and a ball, similar to, yet smaller than a soccer ball.
football: rugby league.
football: rugby union.
football: The ball used in any game called "football".
football: Practice of these particular games, or techniques used in them.
football: An item of discussion, particularly in a back-and-forth manner
football: The leather briefcase containing classified nuclear war plans which is always near the US President.
parallel: One of a set of parallel lines.
parallel: Direction conformable to that of another line.
parallel: A line of latitude.
parallel: An arrangement of electrical components such that a current flows along two or more paths; see in parallel.
parallel: Something identical or similar in essential respects.
parallel: A comparison made; elaborate tracing of similarity.
parallel: One of a series of long trenches constructed before a besieged fortress, by the besieging force, as a cover for troops supporting the attacking batteries. They are roughly parallel to the line of outer defenses of the fortress.
parallel: A character consisting of two parallel vertical lines, used in the text to direct attention to a similarly marked note in the margin or at the foot of a page.
quadrant: One of the four sections made by dividing an area with two perpendicular lines.
quadrant: One of the four regions of the Cartesian plane bounded by the x-axis and y-axis.
quadrant: One fourth of a circle or disc; a sector with an angle of 90°.
quadrant: A measuring device with a graduated arc of 90° used in locating an altitude.
quadrant: One of the four categories of team wins and losses, as categorized by strength of schedule.
quadrant: A square or quadrangle.
Spaniard: A person from Spain or of Spanish descent.
vocative: The vocative case
vocative: A word in the vocative case
vocative: Something said to (or as though to) a particular person or thing; an entreaty, an invocation.
polyglot: A publication in several languages; specifically, a book (especially a bible) containing several versions of the same subject matter or text in several languages.
polyglot: One who has mastered (especially when able to speak) several languages.
polyglot: A mixture of languages or nomenclatures.
polyglot: A file that can be interpreted validly as multiple formats.
polyglot: A program written to be valid in multiple programming languages.
polyglot: A bird able to imitate the sounds of other birds.
ordinate: The second of the two terms by which a point is referred to, in a system of fixed rectilinear coordinate (Cartesian coordinate) axes.
ordinate: The vertical line representing an axis of a Cartesian coordinate system, on which the ordinate (sense above) is shown.
octuplet: A group of eight things, particularly
octuplet: An eight-part multiplet.
octuplet: A group of eight things, particularly
octuplet: A group of eight children born together.
octuplet: A group of eight things, particularly
octuplet: A group of eight notes played in the time of six.
yakitori: A Japanese shish kebab-type dish made with small pieces of chicken or other ingredients cooked on skewers, often marinated in soy sauce or seasoned with salt.
genitive: An inflection pattern (of any given language) that expresses origin or ownership and possession.
genitive: A word inflected in the genitive case; a word indicating origin, ownership or possession.
kangaroo: A member of the Macropodidae family of large marsupials with strong hind legs for hopping, native to Australia.
kangaroo: A hooded jacket with a front pocket, usually of fleece material, a kangaroo jacket.
approval: An expression granting permission; an indication of agreement with a proposal; an acknowledgement that a person, thing, or event meets requirements.
approval: An expression of favorable acceptance and encouragement; a compliment that also condones.
approval: Something mailed by a seller to a collector to match their stated interests; the collector can approve of or return the item.
hacienda: A large homestead in a ranch or estate usually in places where Colonial Spanish culture has had architectural influence.
quantity: A fundamental, generic term used when referring to the measurement (count, amount) of a scalar, vector, number of items or to some other way of denominating the value of a collection or group of items.
quantity: An indefinite amount of something.
quantity: A specific measured amount.
quantity: A considerable measure or amount.
quantity: Property of a phenomenon, body, or substance, where the property has a magnitude that can be expressed as number and a reference.
quantity: Indicates that the entire preceding expression is henceforth considered a single object.
quantity: Length of sounds.
grandson: A son of one's child.
bathroom: A room containing a shower and/or bathtub, and (typically but not necessarily) a toilet.
bathroom: A lavatory (area where one washes or bathes): a room containing a toilet and (typically but not necessarily) a bathtub.
handiron: Obsolete form of andiron.
bergamot: A tree of the orange family (Citrus × limon, syn. Citrus bergamia), having a roundish or pear-shaped fruit, from the rind of which an essential oil of delicious odor is extracted, much prized as a perfume.
bergamot: The fruit from the bergamot tree
bergamot: The essence or perfume made from the fruit.
bergamot: A variety of snuff perfumed with bergamot.
bergamot: Either of two plants of the mint family noted for their bergamot-like scent:
bergamot: Mentha × piperita, nothosubspecies citrata, more commonly known as bergamot mint
bergamot: Either of two plants of the mint family noted for their bergamot-like scent:
bergamot: Monarda didyma, also known as American bergamot or bee balm.
bergamot: A variety of pear.
bergamot: A coarse tapestry, manufactured from flock of cotton or hemp, mixed with ox's or goat's hair.
quagmire: A swampy, soggy area of ground.
quagmire: A perilous, mixed up and troubled situation; a hopeless tangle.
Galician: A native or inhabitant of Galicia, a region of the northwestern Iberian peninsula.
Galician: The language of Galicia; a Romance language spoken in the northwestern corner of the Iberian peninsula.
Galician: An inhabitant of Galicia, a region in Poland and Ukraine.
kerosene: A thin colorless, blue- or straw-colored petroleum-based fuel heavier than gasoline/petrol or naptha but lighter than diesel, used primarily as jet fuel but also for heating and lighting in some remote or impoverished areas.
chainsaw: A power saw that has a power-driven and fast-revolving chain of metal teeth, usually used to cut trees.
daughter: One’s female offspring.
daughter: A female descendant.
daughter: A daughter language.
daughter: A nuclide left over from radioactive decay.
daughter: A descendant.
daughter: A female character of a creator.
daughter: A familiar address to a female person from an older or otherwise more authoritative person.
mortgage: A special form of secured loan where the purpose of the loan must be specified to the lender, to purchase assets that must be fixed (not movable) property, such as a house or piece of farm land. The assets are registered as the legal property of the borrower but the lender can seize them and dispose of them if they are not satisfied with the manner in which the repayment of the loan is conducted by the borrower. Once the loan is fully repaid, the lender loses this right of seizure and the assets are then deemed to be unencumbered.
mortgage: State of being pledged.
vertebra: Any of the bony or cartilaginous segments which make up the backbone, consisting in some lower vertebrates of several distinct elements which never become united, and in higher vertebrates having a short more or less cylindrical body whose ends articulate by pads of elastic or cartilaginous tissue with those of adjacent vertebrae and a bony arch that encloses the spinal cord.
lavender: Any of a group of European plants, genus, Lavandula, of the mint family.
lavender: A pale bluish purple colour, like that of the lavender flower.
lavender: A kind of film stock for creating positive prints from negatives as part of the process of duplicating the negatives.
concrete: A building material created by mixing cement, water, and aggregate such as gravel and sand.
concrete: A term designating both a quality and the subject in which it exists; a concrete term.
concrete: A dessert of frozen custard with various toppings.
concrete: An extract of herbal materials that has a semi-solid consistency, especially when such materials are partly aromatic.
concrete: Sugar boiled down from cane juice to a solid mass.
concrete: Any solid mass formed by the coalescence of separate particle; a compound substance, a concretion.
backbone: The series of vertebrae, separated by disks, that encloses and protects the spinal cord, and runs down the middle of the back in vertebrate animals.
backbone: Any fundamental support, structure, or infrastructure.
backbone: Courage, fortitude, or strength.
habitual: One who does something habitually, such as a serial criminal offender.
habitual: A construction representing something done habitually.
marinara: A marinara sauce.
accident: An unexpected event with negative consequences occurring without the intention of the one suffering the consequences, and (in the strict sense) not directly caused by humans.
accident: An unexpected event with negative consequences occurring without the intention of the one suffering the consequences, and (in the strict sense) not directly caused by humans.
accident: casus; such unforeseen, extraordinary, extraneous interference as is out of the range of ordinary calculation.
accident: A collision or crash of a vehicle, aircraft, or other form of transportation that causes damage to the transportation involved; and sometimes injury or death to the transportation's occupants or bystanders in close proximity. (but see Usage notes)
accident: Any chance event.
accident: Chance; random chance.
accident: Any property, fact, or relation that is the result of chance or is nonessential or nonsubstantive.
accident: Any property, fact, or relation that is the result of chance or is nonessential or nonsubstantive.
accident: A property attached to a word, but not essential to it, such as gender, number, or case.
accident: An instance of incontinence.
accident: An instance of incontinence.
accident: Urine or feces excreted due to incontinence.
accident: An unintended pregnancy.
accident: An unintended pregnancy.
accident: A person born from an unintended pregnancy.
accident: An irregular surface feature with no apparent cause.
accident: A sudden discontinuity of ground such as fault of great thickness, bed or lentil of unstable ground.
accident: A point or mark which may be retained or omitted in a coat of arms.
sombrero: A kind of hat with a high conical or cylindrical crown and a saucer-shaped brim, highly embroidered, made of plush felt.
sombrero: A mixed drink with coffee liqueur and cream.
sombrero: A series of four consecutive strikes.
tortoise: Any of various land-dwelling reptiles, of the family Testudinidae (chiefly Canada, US) or the order Testudines (chiefly UK, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, South Africa, India), whose body is enclosed in a shell (carapace plus plastron). The animal can withdraw its head and four legs partially into the shell, providing some protection from predators.
tortoise: Synonym of cat (sense 10, a wheeled shelter)
primrose: A flowering plant of the genus Primula.
primrose: A flowering plant of the genus Primula.
primrose: Specifically, the species Primula acaulis (syn. Primula vulgaris), also called common primrose.
primrose: A plant of the family Primulaceae.
primrose: A plant of the genus Oenothera, better known as an evening primrose.
primrose: A flower of a primrose plant.
primrose: A light yellow colour.
handmaid: A maid that waits at hand; a female servant or attendant.
flatfish: A fish of the order Pleuronectiformes, the adults of which have both eyes on one side and usually swim with the other side down, such as a flounder, a halibut, or a sole.
epilepsy: A medical condition in which the sufferer experiences seizures (or convulsions) and blackouts.
complete: A completed survey.
snowplow: A motorized vehicle that is used to push snow off flat surfaces such as roads and parking lots.
snowplow: A device attached to a vehicle to enable it to be used for removing snow.
snowplow: A maneuver in which the tips of the skis or skates point inwards and the back ends point outwards.
civilian: A person following the pursuits of civil life, especially one who is not an active member of the armed forces.
civilian: A person who does not belong to a particular group or engage in a particular activity, an outsider.
civilian: One skilled in civil law.
civilian: A student of civil law at a university or college.
amethyst: A transparent purple to violet variety of quartz with traces of manganese, used as a gemstone.
amethyst: A purple colour.
amethyst: The tincture purpure, when blazoning by precious stones.
omelette: A dish made with beaten eggs cooked in a frying pan without stirring, flipped over to cook on both sides, and sometimes filled or topped with other foodstuffs, for example cheese or chives.
omelette: A form of shellcode that searches the address space for multiple small blocks of data ("eggs") and recombines them into a larger block to be executed.
epilogue: A short speech, spoken directly at the audience at the end of a play
epilogue: The performer who gives this speech
epilogue: A brief oration or script at the end of a literary piece; an afterword
epilogue: A component of a computer program that prepares the computer to return from a routine.
tortilla: A flat round bread made out of cornmeal or flour.
tortilla: Spanish omelette; an omelette containing potatoes and onions.
Perthian: A native or inhabitant of Perth (Australia).
unveiler: One who unveils something.
handfast: A hold, grasp; custody, power of confining or keeping.
handfast: A contract, agreement, covenant; specifically betrothal, espousal.
Sydneyan: A native or inhabitant of Sydney, Australia.
brochure: A booklet of printed informational matter, like a pamphlet, often for promotional purposes.
pancreas: A gland near the stomach which secretes a fluid into the duodenum to help with food digestion. The fluid contains protease, carbohydrase and lipase, which breaks down larger molecules into smaller pieces. The pancreas also produces the hormones insulin and glucagon which regulate blood sugar. These hormones are released into the cardiovascular system.
argument: A fact or statement used to support a proposition; a reason.
argument: A fact or statement used to support a proposition; a reason.
argument: A series of propositions organized so that the final proposition is a conclusion which is intended to follow logically from the preceding propositions, which function as premises.
argument: A process of reasoning; argumentation.
argument: An abstract or summary of the content of a literary work such as a book, a poem or a major section such as a chapter, included in the work before the content itself; (figuratively) the contents themselves.
argument: A verbal dispute; a quarrel.
argument: Any dispute, altercation, or collision.
argument: Any of the phrases that bears a syntactic connection to the verb of a clause.
argument: The independent variable of a function.
argument: The phase of a complex number.
argument: A quantity on which the calculation of another quantity depends.
argument: A value, or a reference to a value, passed to a function.
argument: A parameter at a function call; an actual parameter, as opposed to a formal parameter.
argument: A matter in question; a business in hand.
argument: The subject matter of an artistic representation, discourse, or writing; a theme or topic.
argument: Evidence, proof; (countable) an item of such evidence or proof.
mosquito: A small flying insect of the family Culicidae, the females of which bite humans and animals and suck blood, leaving an itching bump on the skin, and sometimes carrying diseases like malaria, dengue and yellow fever.
charcoal: impure carbon obtained by destructive distillation of wood or other organic matter, that is, heating it in the absence of oxygen.
charcoal: A stick of black carbon material used for drawing.
charcoal: A drawing made with charcoal.
charcoal: A very dark gray colour.
chestnut: A tree or shrub of the genus Castanea.
chestnut: A nut of this tree or shrub.
chestnut: A dark, reddish-brown colour, as seen on the fruit of the chestnut tree.
chestnut: A reddish-brown horse.
chestnut: Wood of a chestnut tree.
chestnut: An old joke; a worn-out meme, phrase, ploy, etc. so often repeated as to have grown tiresome or ineffective (often in the phrase "old chestnut").
chestnut: A round or oval horny plate found on the inner side of the leg of a horse or other animal, similar to a birthmark on a human.
chestnut: The horse-chestnut.
sapphire: A clear deep blue variety of corundum, valued as a precious stone.
sapphire: A white, yellow, or purple variety of corundum, either clear or translucent.
sapphire: A deep blue colour.
sapphire: Azure, when blazoning by precious stones.
sapphire: Any hummingbird in the genera Hylocharis and Chlorestes, as well as the rufous-throated sapphire, which is now in the genus Amazilia.
sapphire: Any of the butterflies in the southern Asian lycaenid genus Heliophorus or the African lycaenid genus Iolaus.
minister: A person who is trained to preach, to perform religious ceremonies, and to afford pastoral care at a Protestant church.
minister: A politician who heads a ministry
minister: In diplomacy, the rank of diplomat directly below ambassador.
minister: A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence, an agent, an instrument.
pamphlet: A small, brief printed work, consisting either of a folded sheet of paper, or several sheets bound together into a booklet with only a paper cover, formerly containing literary compositions, newsletters, and newspapers, but now chiefly informational matter.
pamphlet: Such a work containing political material or discussing matters of controversy.
pamphlet: A brief handwritten work.
pyramoid: Alternative form of pyramidoid
cinnamon: A small evergreen tree native to Sri Lanka and southern India, Cinnamomum verum or Cinnamomum zeylanicum, belonging to the family Lauraceae.
cinnamon: Several related trees, notably the Indonesian cinnamon (Cinnamomum burmanni) and Chinese cinnamon or cassia (Cinnamomum aromaticum or Cinnamomum cassia).
cinnamon: A spice from the dried aromatic bark of the cinnamon tree, either rolled into strips or ground into a powder. The word is commonly used as trade name for spices made of any of the species above.
cinnamon: A spice from the dried aromatic bark of the cinnamon tree, either rolled into strips or ground into a powder. The word is commonly used as trade name for spices made of any of the species above.
cinnamon: true cinnamon, the product made of Cinnamomum verum
cinnamon: A warm yellowish-brown color, the color of cinnamon.
positron: The antimatter equivalent of an electron, having the same mass but a positive charge.
cicisbeo: A man who escorts a married woman to social functions, especially in 18th-century Italy; a married woman's lover.
cadastre: A public survey of land, originally for the purpose of taxation and to create an official register of land ownership.
cadastre: A register of such surveys, showing details of ownership and value.
beginner: Someone who is just starting at something, or has only recently started.
beginner: Someone who sets something in motion.
beginner: An actor who is present on stage in the first moments of a play.
mariposa: A mariposa lily (Calochortus spp.).
graffiti: Drawings or words drawn on a surface in a public place, usually made without authorization.
graffiti: Informal inscriptions, figure drawings, etc., as opposed to official inscriptions.
sanction: An approval, by an authority, generally one that makes something valid.
sanction: A penalty, punishment, or some coercive measure, intended to ensure compliance; especially one adopted by several nations, or by an international body.
sanction: A law, treaty, or contract, or a clause within a law, treaty, or contract, specifying any of the above.
grafting: The act, art, or process of inserting grafts.
grafting: The act or method of weaving a cover for a ring, rope end, etc.
grafting: The transplanting of a portion of flesh, hair or skin to a denuded surface; autoplasty.
grafting: A scarfing or endwise attachment of one timber to another.
handicap: Something that prevents, hampers, or hinders.
handicap: An allowance of a certain amount of time or distance in starting, granted in a race (or other contest of skill) to the competitor possessing disadvantages; or an additional weight or other hindrance imposed upon the one possessing advantages, in order to equalize, as much as possible, the chances of success.
handicap: The disadvantage itself, in particular physical or mental disadvantages of people.
handicap: A race or similar contest in which there is an allowance of time, distance, weight, or other advantage, to equalize the chances of the competitors.
handicap: An old card game, similar to lanterloo.
handicap: Synonym of hand-in-cap (“old English trading game”)
matadero: A slaughterhouse or abattoir.
furigana: Kana printed next to or above a kanji or other character to indicate the pronunciation.
driveway: A short private road that leads to a house or garage.
driveway: A road that enters or circulates through a defined area, such as an institution, compound, land area, etc., for the purpose of private access, maintenance, or security.
driveway: Synonym of droveway
turnpike: A frame consisting of two bars crossing each other at right angles and turning on a post or pin, to hinder the passage of animals, but admitting a person to pass between the arms; a turnstile.
turnpike: A gate or bar set across a road to stop carriages, animals, and sometimes people, until a toll is paid,
turnpike: A winding stairway.
turnpike: A beam filled with spikes to obstruct passage; a cheval de frise.
turnpike: A toll road, especially a toll expressway.
turnpike: A trajectory on a finite time interval that satisfies an optimality criterion which is associated with a cost function.
Victoria: One of an American breed of medium-sized white pigs with a slightly dished face and very erect ears.
Victoria: A Victoria plum.
pavement: A paved surface; a hard covering on the ground.
pavement: A paved path, for the use of pedestrians, located at the side of a road.
pavement: A paving (paved part) of a road or other thoroughfare; the roadway or road surface.
pavement: The paved part of an area other than a road or sidewalk, such as a cobblestone plaza, asphalt schoolyard or playground, or parking lot.
pavement: The interior flooring of a church sanctuary, between the communion rail and the altar.
Canadian: A native or inhabitant of Canada.
Canadian: Canadian national championship.
Canadian: canoe (short for Canadian canoe, as opposed to kayak)
sidewalk: (usually) a paved footpath located at the side of a road, for the use of pedestrians
sidewalk: any paved footpath, even if not located at the side of a road
motorway: A highway with grade-separated crossings (rather than level crossings) and designed (and only permitted) for high-speed motor-traffic (in Europe motor vehicles with a higher speed limit than 40 km/h) running in two directions on one separate carriageway each
motorway: A racetrack venue designated especially for the sport of auto racing.
teetotal: One who abstains from drinking alcohol.
entrance: The action of entering, or going in.
entrance: The act of taking possession, as of property, or of office.
entrance: The place of entering, as a gate or doorway.
entrance: The right to go in.
entrance: The entering upon; the beginning, or that with which the beginning is made; the commencement; initiation.
entrance: The causing to be entered upon a register, as a ship or goods, at a customhouse; an entering.
entrance: The angle which the bow of a vessel makes with the water at the water line.
entrance: The bow, or entire wedgelike forepart of a vessel, below the water line.
entrance: The beginning of a musician's playing or singing; entry.
meringue: A mixture consisting of beaten egg whites and sugar which is added to the tops of pies then browned.
meringue: A shell made of this mixture which serves as the receptacle for fruit, ice cream or sherbet.
kibitzer: A person who offers unsolicited views, advice, or criticism; one who kibitzes.
velocity: A vector quantity that denotes the rate of change of position with respect to time, combining speed with a directional component.
velocity: Rapidity of motion.
velocity: The rate of occurrence.
velocity: The number of times that an average unit of currency is spent during a specific period of time.
Romanian: A native of Romania.
Romanian: The official language of Romania and Moldova.
Romanian: Romanian deadlift
friction: The rubbing of one object or surface against another.
friction: A force that resists the relative motion or tendency to such motion of two bodies in contact.
friction: Massage of the body to restore circulation.
friction: Conflict, as between persons having dissimilar ideas or interests; clash.
friction: (Second Sino-Japanese War) Conflict, as between the Communists and non-Hanjian Kuomintang forces.
adherent: A person who has membership in some group, association or religion.
republic: A state where sovereignty rests with the people or their representatives, rather than with a monarch or emperor; a country with no monarchy.
republic: A state, which may or may not be a monarchy, in which the executive and legislative branches of government are separate.
republic: One of the subdivisions constituting Russia. See oblast.
republic: One of the subdivisions that made up the former Yugoslavia.
activity: The state or quality of being active; activeness.
activity: Something done as an action or a movement.
activity: Something done for pleasure or entertainment, especially one involving movement or an excursion.
activity: The lexical aspect (aktionsart) of verbs or predicates that change over time and have no natural end point.
activity: The number of radioactive decays per unit time. Unit for it: becquerel or curie
activity: The property of substances to react with other substances
disguise: Material (such as clothing, makeup, a wig) used to alter one’s visual appearance in order to hide one's identity or assume another.
disguise: The appearance of something on the outside which masks what’s beneath.
disguise: The act or state of disguising, notably as a ploy.
disguise: A change of behaviour resulting from intoxication, drunkenness.
twaddler: One who twaddles.
advocate: Someone whose job is to speak for someone's case in a court of law; a counsel.
advocate: Anyone who argues the case of another; an intercessor.
advocate: A person who speaks in support of something, or someone.
advocate: A person who supports others to make their voices heard, or ideally for them to speak up for themselves.
distance: The amount of space between two points, usually geographical points, usually (but not necessarily) measured along a straight line.
distance: Length or interval of time.
distance: The difference; the subjective measure between two quantities.
distance: Remoteness of place; a remote place.
distance: Remoteness in succession or relation.
distance: A space marked out in the last part of a racecourse.
distance: The entire amount of progress to an objective.
distance: A withholding of intimacy; alienation; variance.
distance: The remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence, respect; ceremoniousness.
distance: The space measured back from the winning-post which a racehorse running in a heat must reach when the winner has covered the whole course, in order to run in the final heat.
polygamy: The condition of having more than one spouse or marriage partner at one time.
polygamy: Synonym of polygyny (“marriage of a man to more than one wife, the practice of having several wives at the same time”)
polygamy: The state or habit of having more than one sexual mate.
polygamy: The condition or state of a plant which bears both perfect and unisexual flowers.
linguist: One who studies linguistics.
linguist: A person skilled in languages.
linguist: A human translator; an interpreter, especially in the armed forces.
bullshit: Feces produced by a bull.
bullshit: Statements that are false or exaggerated to impress or cheat the listener.
bullshit: Statements that are transparently or offensively false.
bullshit: Statements that are intentionally misleading, whether true or not.
bullshit: Statements made without regard for their truth value.
bullshit: Synonym of shit (in its sense of any stuff, especially when viewed negatively or with collegial vulgarity).
bullshit: A card game in which players try to discard their hands first, following rules that encourage bluffing, calling others' bluffs, and penalizing others by tricking them into inaccurate accusations.
graduate: A person who is recognized by a university as having completed the requirements of a degree studied at the institution.
graduate: A person who is recognized by a high school as having completed the requirements of a course of study at the school.
graduate: A person who is recognized as having completed any level of education.
graduate: A graduated (marked) cup or other container, thus fit for measuring.
rhetoric: The art of using language, especially public speaking, as a means to persuade.
rhetoric: Meaningless language with an exaggerated style intended to impress.
whistler: Someone or something that whistles, or who plays a whistle as a musical instrument.
whistler: Any of several passerine birds of the genera Pachycephala and Coracornis, of Australasia and the western Pacific.
whistler: Any bird that whistles or is noted for its whistling vocalisations (applied regionally to various specific species).
whistler: A goldeneye (any of certain ducks of genus Bucephala).
whistler: A whistling marmot (Marmota caligata).
whistler: A mountain beaver (Aplodontia rufa).
whistler: An audio-frequency electromagnetic wave produced by atmospheric disturbances such as lightning.
whistler: A broken-winded horse.
whistler: The keeper of a whistling shop, or shebeen.
explorer: One who explores something
explorer: A person who by means of travel (notably an expedition) searches out new information.
explorer: Any of various hand tools, with sharp points, used in dentistry.
explorer: A visual representation of a file system etc. through which the user can navigate.
explorer: Someone who is adventurous and free-thinking.
overdraw: The process by which, during the rendering of a three-dimensional scene, a pixel is replaced by one that is closer to the viewpoint, as determined by their Z coordinates.
overcome: The burden or recurring theme in a song.
overcome: A surplus.
chemical: Any specific chemical element or chemical compound or alloy.
chemical: An artificial chemical compound.
chemical: An addictive drug.
overshot: An overshot water wheel.
combover: A manner of combing hair from one side to the other in an attempt to conceal a medial bald patch.
overhang: The volume that tips the balance between the demand and the supply toward demand lagging supply.
overhang: That portion of the roof structure that extends beyond the exterior walls of a building.
overhang: A fatty roll of pubis flab that hangs over one's genitals; a FUPA.
overhang: Anything that overhangs or protrudes over its base, such as a wave immediately before breaking, or a protruding cliff or rock wall.
spelling: The act, practice, ability, or subject of forming words with letters, or of reading the letters of words; orthography.
spelling: The manner of spelling of words; correct spelling.
spelling: A specific spelling of a word.
spelling: A spelling test or spelling bee.
spelling: A choice of notation among enharmonic equivalents for the same pitch.
overcast: A cloud covering all of the sky from horizon to horizon.
overcast: An outcast.
exterior: The outside part, parts or surface of something.
exterior: Foreign lands.
tomorrow: The day after the present day.
tomorrow: A future period or time.
sleeping: The state of being asleep, or an instance of this.
metaphor: The use of a word or phrase to refer to something other than its literal meaning, invoking an implicit similarity between the thing described and what is denoted by the word or phrase.
metaphor: A word or phrase used in such implied comparison.
metaphor: The use of an everyday object or concept to represent an underlying facet of the computer and thus aid users in performing tasks.
tendency: A likelihood of behaving in a particular way or going in a particular direction; a tending toward.
tendency: An organised unit or faction within a larger political organisation.
override: A mechanism, device or procedure used to counteract an automatic control.
override: A royalty.
override: A device for prioritizing audio signals, such that certain signals receive priority over others.
override: A method with the same name and signature as a method in a superclass, which runs instead of that method, when an object of the subclass is involved.
interior: The inside of a building, container, cavern, or other enclosed structure.
interior: The inside regions of a country, distanced from the borders or coasts.
interior: The set of all interior points of a set.
overtake: An act of overtaking; an overtaking maneuver.
leukemia: Any of a class of types of cancer affecting the blood cells, especially the white blood cells (usually with massive leukocytosis), and the blood cell–forming (hematopoietic) tissues.
addition: The act of adding anything.
addition: Anything that is added.
addition: The arithmetic operation of adding.
addition: A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half.
addition: A title annexed to a person's name to identify him or her more precisely.
addition: Something added to a coat of arms, as a mark of honour.
addition: an organic reaction where two or more molecules combine to form a larger one (the adduct).
euphoria: An excited state of joy; a feeling of intense happiness.
sentence: The decision or judgement of a jury or court; a verdict.
sentence: The judicial order for a punishment to be imposed on a person convicted of a crime.
sentence: A punishment imposed on a person convicted of a crime.
sentence: A saying, especially from a great person; a maxim, an apophthegm.
sentence: A grammatically complete series of words consisting of a subject and predicate, even if one or the other is implied, and, in modern writing, when using e.g. the Latin, Greek or Cyrillic alphabets, typically beginning with a capital letter and ending with a full stop or other punctuation.
sentence: A formula with no free variables.
sentence: Any of the set of strings that can be generated by a given formal grammar.
sentence: Sense; meaning; significance.
sentence: One's opinion; manner of thinking.
sentence: A pronounced opinion or judgment on a given question.
dogmatic: One of an ancient sect of physicians who went by general principles; opposed to the empiric.
politics: A methodology and activities associated with running a government, an organization, or a movement.
politics: The profession of conducting political affairs.
politics: One's political stands and opinions.
politics: Political maneuvers or diplomacy between people, groups, or organizations, especially involving power, standing, influence or conflict.
politics: Real-world beliefs and social issues irrelevant to the topic at hand.
separate: Anything that is sold by itself, especially articles of clothing such as blouses, skirts, jackets, and pants.
separate: A printing of an article from a periodical as its own distinct publication and distributed independently, often with different page numbers.
scissors: A tool used for cutting thin material, consisting of two crossing blades attached at a pivot point in such a way that the blades slide across each other when the handles are closed.
scissors: A type of defensive maneuver in dogfighting, involving repeatedly turning one's aircraft towards that of the attacker in order to force them to overshoot.
scissors: An instance of the above dogfighting maneuver.
scissors: An attacking move conducted by two players; the player without the ball runs from one side of the ball carrier, behind the ball carrier, and receives a pass from the ball carrier on the other side.
scissors: A method of skating with one foot significantly in front of the other.
scissors: An exercise in which the legs are switched back and forth, suggesting the motion of scissors.
scissors: A scissors hold.
scissors: A hand with the index and middle fingers open (a handshape resembling scissors), that beats paper and loses to rock. It beats lizard and loses to Spock in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.
underlay: A layer (of earth, etc.) that lies under another; substratum.
underlay: A soft floor covering that lies under a carpet.
underlay: Anything that is underlaid.
underlay: A piece of paper pasted under woodcuts, stereotype plates, etc. in a form, to bring them up to the necessary level for printing.
underlay: Lyrics; or more specifically, the way in which lyrics are assigned to musical notes.
criminal: A person who is guilty of a crime, notably breaking the law.
building: The act or process by which something is built; construction.
building: A closed structure with walls and a roof.
building: Synonym of Tits building
wildlife: Animals, plants, and fungi, not normally domesticated, often to the exclusion of plants, fungi, fish, insects and other invertebrates, and microscopic plants and animals; hence:
wildlife: Animals, plants, and fungi, not normally domesticated, often to the exclusion of plants, fungi, fish, insects and other invertebrates, and microscopic plants and animals; hence
wildlife: Animals, plants, and fungi, not normally domesticated, often to the exclusion of plants, fungi, fish, insects and other invertebrates, and microscopic plants and animals; hence:
wildlife: Wild animals (especially to the exclusion of fish).
wildlife: Members of a college fraternity
volatile: A chemical or compound that changes into a gas easily.
volatile: A variable that is volatile, i.e. has its associated memory immediately updated with any change in value.
behemoth: A great and mighty beast which God shows to Job in Job 40:15–24.
behemoth: Any great and mighty monster.
behemoth: Something which has the qualities of great power and might, and monstrous proportions.
cemetery: A place where the dead are buried; a graveyard or memorial park.
bacteria: A type, species, or strain of bacterium.
bacteria: Alternative form of bacterium.
bacteria: Lowlife, slob (could be treated as plural or singular).
bacteria: An oval bacterium, as distinguished from a spherical coccus or rod-shaped bacillus.
spaceman: An astronaut, often a male astronaut.
syllable: A unit of human speech that is interpreted by the listener as a single sound, although syllables usually consist of one or more vowel sounds, either alone or combined with the sound of one or more consonants; a word consists of one or more syllables.
syllable: The written representation of a given pronounced syllable.
syllable: A small part of a sentence or discourse; anything concise or short; a particle.
vermouth: A dry, or sweet apéritif wine flavored with aromatic herbs, and often used in mixed drinks.
vermouth: A serving of vermouth.
business: A specific commercial enterprise or establishment.
business: A person's occupation, work, or trade.
business: Commercial, industrial, or professional activity.
business: The volume or amount of commercial trade.
business: One's dealings; patronage.
business: Private commercial interests taken collectively.
business: The management of commercial enterprises, or the study of such management.
business: A particular situation or activity.
business: Any activity or objective needing to be dealt with; especially, one of a financial or legal matter.
business: Something involving one personally.
business: Matters that come before a body for deliberation or action.
business: Business class, the class of seating provided by airlines between first class and coach.
business: Action carried out with a prop or piece of clothing, usually away from the focus of the scene.
business: The collective noun for a group of ferrets.
business: Something very good; top quality. (possibly from "the bee's knees")
business: The act of defecation, or the excrement itself, particularly that of a non-human animal.
business: Disruptive shenanigans.
business: matters (e.g sorry business = a funeral)
altitude: The absolute height of a location, usually measured from sea level.
altitude: A vertical distance.
altitude: The distance measured perpendicularly from a figure's vertex to the opposite side of the vertex.
altitude: The angular distance of a heavenly body above our Earth's horizon.
altitude: Height of rank or excellence; superiority.
altitude: Elevation of spirits; heroics; haughty airs.
altitude: Highest point or degree.
behavior: Human conduct relative to social norms.
behavior: The way a living creature behaves or acts generally.
behavior: A state of probation about one's conduct.
behavior: An instance of the way a living creature behaves.
behavior: Observable response produced by an organism.
behavior: The way a device or system operates.
straight: Something that is not crooked or bent such as a part of a road or track.
straight: Five cards in sequence.
straight: A heterosexual.
straight: A normal person; someone in mainstream society.
straight: A cigarette, particularly one containing tobacco instead of marijuana.
straight: A chiropractor who relies solely on spinal adjustment, with no other treatments.
straight: A cat that has straight ears despite belonging to a breed that often has folded ears.
bankrupt: One who becomes unable to pay his or her debts; an insolvent person.
bankrupt: A trader who secretes himself, or does certain other acts tending to defraud his creditors.
barn owl: An owl of the species Tyto alba, often having a white face and commonly found in barns and other farm buildings.
southern: Synonym of southerner
acoustic: The properties or qualities of a room or building that determine how sound is transmitted in it.
acoustic: A medicine or other agent to assist hearing.
acoustic: Clipping of acoustic guitar.
starling: A family, Sturnidae, of passerine birds.
starling: A family, Sturnidae, of passerine birds.
starling: The common starling, Sturnus vulgaris, which has dark, iridescent plumage.
starling: An inclosure like a coffer-dam, formed of piles driven closely together, before any work or structure as a protection against the wash of the waves, commonly used to protects the piers of a bridge.
starling: One of the piles used in forming such a breakwater.
starling: A fish, rock trout (Hexagrammos spp.), of the North Pacific, especially, Hexagrammos decagrammus, found in US waters.
roe deer: A small, nimble Eurasian deer with no visible tail, a white rump patch, and a reddish summer coat that turns grey in winter, the male having short three-pointed antlers (Capreolus capreolus and Capreolus pygargus).
analysis: Decomposition into components in order to study (a complex thing, concept, theory etc.).
analysis: The result of such a process.
analysis: A broad field of study in modern mathematics (often mentioned alongside algebra) which developed out of the calculus, concerned with the behavior of functions, sequences, series, limits, metric spaces, measures and more.
analysis: Proof by deduction from known truths.
analysis: The process of breaking down a substance into its constituent parts, or the result of this process.
analysis: The analytical study of melodies, harmonies, sequences, repetitions, variations, quotations, juxtapositions, and surprises.
analysis: Psychoanalysis.
pheasant: A bird of family Phasianidae, often hunted for food.
pheasant: The meat of this bird, eaten as food.
interest: The price paid for obtaining, or price received for providing, money or goods in a credit transaction, calculated as a fraction of the amount or value of what was borrowed.
interest: Any excess over and above an exact equivalent
interest: A great attention and concern from someone or something; intellectual curiosity.
interest: Attention that is given to or received from someone or something.
interest: An involvement, claim, right, share, stake in or link with a financial, business, or other undertaking or endeavor.
interest: Something or someone one is interested in.
interest: Condition or quality of exciting concern or being of importance.
interest: Injury, or compensation for injury; damages.
interest: The persons interested in any particular business or measure, taken collectively.
withdraw: An act of drawing back or removing; a removal, a withdrawal or withdrawing.
withdraw: Synonym of withdraught (“a dismissal of a lawsuit with prejudice based on a plaintiff's withdrawal of the suit; a retraxit; also, a fine imposed on a plaintiff for such a dismissal”)
dormouse: Any of several species of small, mostly European rodents of the family Gliridae; also called Myoxidae or Muscardinidae by some taxonomists.
dormouse: Glis glis, the edible dormouse
dormouse: Muscardinus avellanarius, the hazel dormouse.
dormouse: A person who sleeps a great deal, or who falls asleep readily (by analogy with the sound hibernation of the dormouse).
electric: Electricity; the electricity supply.
electric: An electric powered version of something that was originally or is more commonly not electric.
electric: An electric car.
electric: An electric powered version of something that was originally or is more commonly not electric.
electric: An electric toothbrush.
electric: An electric powered version of something that was originally or is more commonly not electric.
electric: An electric typewriter.
electric: A substance or object which can be electrified; an insulator or non-conductor, like amber or glass.
electric: Fencing with the use of a body wire, box, and related equipment to detect when a weapon has touched an opponent.
ice floe: Any type of sea ice not attached to land, drift ice.
ice floe: An ice dam (ice jam), a blockage of ice in a river starting with an ice floe in the river.
ice floe: An ice stream (ice flow), a type of fast moving glacier
ice floe: A flat mass of floating ice, smaller than an ice field.
testicle: A testis: the male sex and endocrine gland, found in some types of animals, that produces sperm and male sex hormones, including the steroid testosterone.
testicle: Either half of the structure that contains the testes: one side of the scrotum and its contents, considered as one object (one half of the ballsack, including its ball).
hedgehog: A small mammal, of the family Erinaceidae or subfamily Erinaceinae (spiny hedgehogs, the latter characterized by their spiny back and often by the habit of rolling up into a ball when attacked.)
hedgehog: Any of several spiny mammals, such as the porcupine, that are similar to the hedgehog.
hedgehog: Ellipsis of Czech hedgehog: an antitank obstacle constructed from three steel rails.
hedgehog: A spigot mortar-type of depth charge weapon from World War II that simultaneously fires a number of explosives into the water to create a pattern of underwater explosions intended to attack submerged submarines.
hedgehog: A type of chocolate cake (or slice), somewhat similar to an American brownie.
hedgehog: A form of dredging machine.
hedgehog: Certain flowering plants with parts resembling a member of family Erinaceidae
hedgehog: Medicago intertexta, the pods of which are armed with short spines.
hedgehog: Certain flowering plants with parts resembling a member of family Erinaceidae
hedgehog: Retzia capensis of South Africa.
hedgehog: The edible fungus Hydnum repandum.
hedgehog: A kind of electrical transformer with open magnetic circuit, the ends of the iron wire core being turned outward and presenting a bristling appearance.
hedgehog: A way of serving food at a party, consisting of a half melon or potato etc. with individual cocktail sticks of cheese and pineapple stuck into it.
hedgehog: A type of plane curve; see Hedgehog (geometry).
castling: An abortion, or a premature birth.
castling: The second or third swarm of bees which leaves a hive in a season.
castling: A miniature cast or mould.
castling: One that is cast.
castling: A move in which the king moves two squares towards a rook, and the rook moves to the other side of the king; the action of the verb to castle.
castling: The act of constructing a defense structure in Japanese chess in which the king (玉) is positioned in a certain way so that it is protected by pawns (歩) and silver general(s) (銀) and/or gold general(s) (金) often with an additional knight (桂) and lance (香車).
somebody: Any person.
somebody: A recognised or important person, a celebrity.
linchpin: A pin inserted through holes at the end of an axle or shaft, so as to secure a wheel or shaft-mounted device.
linchpin: A central cohesive source of stability and security; a person or thing that is critical to a system or organisation.
royal we: The first-person plural pronoun we as traditionally used by a sovereign in formal speech to refer to themselves in their role as the monarch.
baroness: The wife of a baron.
baroness: A woman holding a baronial title in her own right; a female ruler of a barony.
decrease: An amount by which a quantity decreases or is decreased.
decrease: A reduction in the number of stitches, usually accomplished by suspending the stitch to be decreased from another existing stitch or by knitting it together with another stitch. See Decrease (knitting).
dialogue: A conversation or other form of discourse between two or more individuals.
dialogue: In a dramatic or literary presentation, the verbal parts of the script or text; the verbalizations of the actors or characters.
dialogue: A literary form, where the presentation resembles a conversation.
dialogue: A dialogue box.
countess: The wife of a count or earl.
countess: A woman holding the rank of count or earl in her own right; a female holder of an earldom.
squirrel: Any of the rodents of the family Sciuridae distinguished by their large bushy tail.
squirrel: One of the small rollers of a carding machine which work with the large cylinder.
squirrel: Someone who displays a squirrel-like qualities such as stealing or hoarding objects.
squirrel: A person, usually a freezoner, who applies L. Ron Hubbard's technology in a heterodox manner.
scabbard: The sheath of a sword.
covenant: An agreement to do or not do a particular thing.
covenant: A promise, incidental to a deed or contract, either express or implied.
covenant: A pact or binding agreement between two or more parties.
covenant: An incidental clause in an agreement.
nobleman: A peer; an aristocrat; ranks range from baron to king to emperor.
monarchy: A government in which sovereignty is embodied within a single, today usually hereditary head of state (whether as a figurehead or as a powerful ruler).
monarchy: The territory ruled over by a monarch; a kingdom.
monarchy: A form of government where sovereignty is embodied by a single ruler in a state and his high aristocracy representing their separate divided lands within the state and their low aristocracy representing their separate divided fiefs.
monarchy: States based on a system of governance headed by a king or a queen.
subpoena: A writ requiring a defendant to appear in court to answer a plaintiff's claim.
subpoena: A writ requiring someone to appear in court to give testimony.
electron: The subatomic particle having a negative charge and orbiting the nucleus; the flow of electrons in a conductor constitutes electricity.
electron: Alloys of magnesium and other metals, like aluminum or zinc, that were manufactured by the German company Chemische Fabrik Griesheim-Elektron.
organism: The fact of being organic; organicity.
organism: Something with many separate interdependent parts, seen as being like a living thing; an organic system.
organism: A discrete and complete living thing, such as animal, plant, fungus or microorganism.
paddling: The act of using a paddle.
paddling: An act of corporal punishment consisting of spanking the buttocks with a paddle.
paddling: A collective noun for ducks when they are on water.
princess: A female member of a royal family other than a queen, especially a daughter or granddaughter of a monarch.
princess: A woman or girl who excels in a given field or class.
princess: A female ruler or monarch; a queen.
princess: The wife of a prince; the female ruler of a principality.
princess: A young girl; used as a term of endearment.
princess: A young girl or woman (or less commonly a man) who is vain, spoiled, or selfish; a prima donna.
princess: A tinted crystal marble used in children's games.
princess: A type of court card in the Tarot pack, coming between the 10 and the prince (Jack).
princess: A female lemur.
princess: A Bulgarian open-faced baked sandwich prepared with ground meat.
chivalry: Cavalry; horsemen armed for battle.
chivalry: The fact or condition of being a knight; knightly skill, prowess.
chivalry: The ethical code of the knight prevalent in Medieval Europe, having such primary virtues as mercy towards the poor and oppressed, humility, honour, sacrifice, fear of God, faithfulness, courage and courtesy to ladies.
chivalry: Courtesy, respect and honourable conduct between opponents in wartime.
chivalry: Courteous behaviour, especially that of men towards women.
chivalry: A tenure of lands by knightly service.
dictator: A totalitarian leader of a country, nation, or government.
dictator: A magistrate without colleague in republican Ancient Rome, who held full executive authority for a term granted by the senate (legislature), typically to conduct a war.
dictator: A tyrannical boss or authority figure.
dictator: Misspelling of dictater.
seafloor: The bottom of a sea or ocean.
vertical: A vertex or zenith.
vertical: A vertical geometrical figure; a perpendicular.
vertical: An individual slat in a set of vertical blinds.
vertical: A vertical component of a structure.
vertical: A vertical market.
selenoid: any satellite of the Earth's moon (none of which are known)
settling: The act of one who, or that which, settles; the act of establishing oneself, of colonizing, subsiding, adjusting, etc.
settling: The reckoning or settlement of accounts; the paying out of gambling winnings.
settling: Dregs; sediment.
hospital: A large medical facility, usually in a building with multiple floors, where seriously ill or injured patients are given extensive medical and/or surgical treatment.
hospital: A building founded for the long-term care of its residents, such as an almshouse. The residents may have no physical ailments, but simply need financial support.
hospital: A place of lodging.
feminine: That which is feminine.
feminine: A woman.
feminine: The feminine gender.
feminine: A word of the feminine gender.
mustache: Alternative spelling of moustache.
solenoid: A coil of wire that acts as a magnet when an electric current flows through it.
solenoid: An electromechanical device consisting of such a coil containing a metal core, the movement of which is controlled by the current.
solenoid: An electromechanical switch controlled by a solenoid; solenoid switch, relay.
solenoid: The region of intersection between isobaric and isopycnal surfaces.
throttle: A valve that regulates the supply of fuel-air mixture to an internal combustion engine and thus controls its speed; a similar valve that controls the air supply to an engine.
throttle: The lever or pedal that controls this valve.
throttle: The windpipe or trachea.
de facto: A legally undeclared spouse; a partner in a spousal relationship which is not officially declared as a marriage, comparable to a common law husband or wife.
election: A process of choosing a leader, members of parliament, councillors, or other representatives by popular vote.
election: The choice of a leader or representative by popular vote.
election: An option that is selected.
election: Any conscious choice.
election: In Calvinism, God's predestination of saints including all of the elect.
election: Those who are elected.
humanoid: A being having the appearance or characteristics of a human.
hazelnut: The fruit of the hazel, especially Corylus avellana, which is grown commercially.
stallion: An adult male horse.
stallion: Specifically, one that is uncastrated.
stallion: An adult male horse.
stallion: A male horse kept primarily as a stud.
stallion: A very virile and sexually-inclined man or (rarely) woman.
pyrenoid: any of several transparent structures found in the chloroplast of certain algae etc.; they are responsible for the fixation of carbon dioxide and the formation of starch
scouring: The act of cleaning a surface by rubbing it with a brush, soap and water.
scouring: Diarrhea. (Now used only of livestock, though also sometimes used of humans into the 1600s.)
scouring: Erosion by water, especially in watercourses.
gemstone: A gem, usually made of minerals.
grooming: Care for one's personal appearance, hygiene, and clothing.
grooming: The practice of primates picking through the hair of others, looking for insects etc.
grooming: The act of teaching someone, often for advancement at work.
grooming: Caring for horses or other animals by brushing and cleaning them.
grooming: The act of gaining the trust of a child or vulnerable person with the intention of luring them into a sexual relationship.
grooming: In agile software development, the reviewing and prioritization of items in the development backlog. (Now increasingly termed refinement instead.)
devising: the act of creating a plan or some object, especially a will
attorney: A lawyer; one who advises or represents others in legal matters as a profession.
attorney: One such who practised in the courts of the common law.
attorney: A solicitor.
attorney: An agent or representative authorized to act on someone else's behalf.
attorney: An honorific given to lawyers and notaries public, or those holders by profession who also do other jobs. Usually capitalized or abbreviated as Atty.
attorney: Clusia spp.
attorney: A prosecutor
demurrer: A motion by a party to an action, for the immediate or summary judgment of the court on the question, whether, assuming the truth of the matter alleged by the opposite party, it is sufficient in law to sustain the action or defense, and hence whether the party resting is bound to answer or proceed further.
demurrer: Someone who demurs.
etcetera: Alternative form of et cetera
Pyrenean: A native or inhabitant of the Pyrenees.
blooming: The act by which something blooms.
blooming: The process of making blooms from the ore or from cast iron.
blooming: A phenomenon where excessive light causes bright patches in a picture.
mandarin: A high government bureaucrat of the Chinese Empire.
mandarin: A pedantic or elitist bureaucrat.
mandarin: A pedantic senior person of influence in academia or literary circles.
mandarin: Ellipsis of mandarin duck.
mandarin: A senior civil servant.
mandarin: Ellipsis of mandarin orange.:
mandarin: A small, sweet citrus fruit.
mandarin: Ellipsis of mandarin orange.:
mandarin: A tree of the species Citrus reticulata.
mandarin: An orange colour.
cylinder: A surface created by projecting a closed two-dimensional curve along an axis intersecting the plane of the curve.
cylinder: A solid figure bounded by a cylinder and two parallel planes intersecting the cylinder.
cylinder: Any object in the form of a circular cylinder.
cylinder: A cylindrical cavity or chamber in a mechanism, such as the counterpart to a piston found in a piston-driven engine.
cylinder: The space in which a piston travels inside a reciprocating engine or pump.
cylinder: A container in the form of a cylinder with rounded ends for storing pressurized gas; a gas cylinder.
cylinder: An early form of phonograph recording, made on a wax cylinder.
cylinder: The part of a revolver that contains chambers for the cartridges.
cylinder: The corresponding tracks on a vertical arrangement of disks in a disk drive considered as a unit of data capacity.
burglary: The crime of unlawfully breaking into a vehicle, house, store, or other enclosure with the intent to steal.
burglary: Under the common law, breaking and entering of the dwelling of another at night with the intent to commit a felony.
burglary: The crime of unlawfully breaking into a vehicle, house, store, or other enclosure with the intent to steal.
burglary: Under the Model Penal Code, entering a building or occupied structure with purpose to commit a crime therein, unless the premises are at the time open to the public or the actor is licensed or privileged to enter. Model Penal Code § 221.1.
asthenia: Weakness; loss of strength.
workshop: A room, especially one which is not particularly large, used for manufacturing or other light industrial work.
workshop: A brief, intensive course of education for a small group, emphasizing interaction and practical problem solving.
workshop: An academic conference.
backlash: A suddenly reversed or backward motion, such as of a rope or elastic band when it snaps under tension.
backlash: A negative reaction, objection or outcry, especially of a violent or abrupt nature.
backlash: The looseness through which one part of connected machinery, such as a wheel, gear, piston, or screw, can be moved without moving the connected parts, or a measurement of the distance moved thereby; either intentional (as allowance) or unintentional (from error or wear).
backlash: The jarring or reflex motion caused in badly fitting machinery by irregularities in velocity or a reverse of motion.
datiscin: A white crystalline glucoside extracted from bastard hemp (Datisca cannabina).
geniting: A variety of apple that ripens very early
governor: The chief executive officer of a first-level division of a country.
governor: A device which regulates or controls some action of a machine through automatic feedback.
governor: A member of a decision-making for an organization or entity (including some public agencies) similar to or equivalent to a board of directors (used especially for banks); a member of the board of governors.
governor: Father.
governor: Boss; employer; gaffer.
governor: Term of address to a man; guv'nor.
governor: A constituent of a phrase that governs another.
governor: One who has the care or guardianship of a young man; a tutor; a guardian.
governor: A pilot; a steersman.
Barbudan: A person from Barbuda in Antigua and Barbuda or of Barbudan descent.
datolite: A borosilicate of lime commonly occurring in glassy, greenish crystals, with the chemical formula CaBSiO₄(OH).
Antiguan: A person from Antigua in Antigua and Barbuda, or of Antiguan descent.
locative: The locative case.
colloquy: A conversation or dialogue.
colloquy: A formal conference.
colloquy: A church court held by certain Reformed denominations.
colloquy: A written discourse.
colloquy: A discussion during a trial in which a judge ensures that the defendant understands what is taking place in the trial and what their rights are.
moisture: That which moistens or makes damp or wet; exuding fluid; liquid in small quantity.
moisture: The state of being moist.
moisture: Skin moisture noted as dry, moist, clammy, or diaphoretic as part of the skin signs assessment.
hydrogen: The lightest chemical element (symbol H), with an atomic number of 1 and atomic weight of 1.00794.
hydrogen: The lightest chemical element (symbol H), with an atomic number of 1 and atomic weight of 1.00794.
hydrogen: An atom of the element.
hydrogen: Molecular hydrogen (H₂), a colourless, odourless and flammable gas at room temperature.
hydrogen: Molecular hydrogen (H₂), a colourless, odourless and flammable gas at room temperature.
hydrogen: A molecule of this molecular species
hydrogen: A sample of the element/molecule.
Dutchman: A Dutch man; a man from the Netherlands.
Dutchman: A man of Dutch descent.
Dutchman: A male Pennsylvania German.
Dutchman: A male German.
Dutchman: A male white Afrikaner.
Dutchman: Ellipsis of Flying Dutchman.: a ghost ship
Andorran: A person from Andorra or of Andorran descent.
delegate: A person authorized to act as representative for another; a deputy.
delegate: A representative at a conference, etc.
delegate: An appointed representative in some legislative bodies.
delegate: A type of variable storing a reference to a method with a particular signature, analogous to a function pointer.
delegate: A member of a governmental legislature who lacks voting power.
mountain: An elevation of land of considerable dimensions rising more or less abruptly, forming a conspicuous figure in the landscape, usually having a small extent of surface at its summit.
mountain: Something very large in size or quantity; a huge amount; a great heap.
mountain: A difficult task or challenge.
mountain: Wine from Malaga made from grapes that grow on a mountain.
mountain: A woman's large breast.
mountain: The twenty-first Lenormand card.
platform: A raised stage from which speeches are made and on which musical and other performances are made.
platform: A raised floor for any purpose, e.g. for workmen during construction, or formerly for military cannon.
platform: A place or an opportunity to express one's opinion.
platform: Something that allows an enterprise to advance.
platform: A political stance on a broad set of issues, which are called planks.
platform: A raised structure or other area alongside rails or a driveway alongside which vehicles stop to take in and discharge passengers.
platform: Ellipsis of platform shoe: a kind of high shoe with an extra layer between the inner and outer soles.
platform: Ellipsis of digital platform: a software system used to provide online services to clients, such as social media, e-commerce, cloud computing etc.
platform: Ellipsis of computing platform: a particular type of operating system or environment such as a database or other specific software, and/or a particular type of computer or microprocessor, used to describe a particular environment for running other software.
platform: Ellipsis of car platform: a set of components shared by several vehicle models.
platform: A flat expanse of rock, often the result of wave erosion.
platform: A light deck, usually placed in a section of the hold or over the floor of the magazine.
platform: A plan; a sketch; a model; a pattern.
platform: sidewalk
password: A word relayed to a person to gain admittance to a place or to gain access to information.
password: A string of characters used to log in to a computer or network, to access a level in a video game, and so on; archetypally a word but nowadays often an alphanumeric string or a phrase.
asteroid: A naturally occurring solid object, which is smaller than a planet, larger than a meteoroid and not a comet, that orbits a star and often has an irregular shape.
asteroid: In the Solar system, such a body that orbits within the orbit of Jupiter
asteroid: Any member of the taxonomic class Asteroidea; a starfish.
Masorete: One of the writers of the Masorah.
American: Any inhabitant of the Americas.
American: A citizen or inhabitant of British North America.
American: Synonym of American Indian or Native American, an indigenous inhabitant of the Americas.
American: A size of type smaller than German, 1-point type.
American: A citizen or inhabitant of the United States of America.
American: The dialect of English spoken in and around the contiguous United States of America.
American: American cheese.
massicot: lead monoxide, PbO, obtained as a yellow amorphous powder, the fused and crystalline form of which is called litharge; lead ocher. It is used as a pigment; also, lead oxide yellow, as opposed to red lead, which is lead tetroxide Pb₃O₄.
masseuse: A woman who performs massage; a female masseur.
masseuse: A masseur; a man who performs massage.
masseter: The large muscle which runs through the rear part of the cheek from the temporal bone to the lower jaw on each side, raises the lower jaw, and assists in mastication.
Armenian: A person from Armenia or of Armenian descent.
massacre: The killing of a considerable number (usually limited to people) where little or no resistance can be made, with indiscriminate violence, without necessity, and contrary to civilized norms.
massacre: Murder.
massacre: Any overwhelming defeat, as in a game or sport.
Jehovist: One who maintains that the vowel points of the word Jehovah, in Hebrew, are the proper vowels of that word; opposed to adonist.
Jehovist: A member of the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Jehovist: Anyone who uses the word "Jehovah" as the name of God in worship.
particle: A very small piece of matter, a fragment; especially, the smallest possible part of something.
particle: Any of various physical objects making up the constituent parts of an atom; an elementary particle or subatomic particle.
particle: A part of speech that has no inherent lexical definition but must be associated with another word to impart meaning, often a grammatical category: for example, the English word to in a full infinitive phrase (to eat) or O in a vocative phrase (O Canada), or as a discourse marker (mmm).
particle: A part of speech which cannot be inflected.
particle: In the Roman Catholic church, a crumb of consecrated bread; also the smaller breads used in the communion of the laity.
particle: A little bit.
magician: A person who plays with or practices allegedly supernatural magic.
magician: A spiritualist or practitioner of mystic arts.
magician: A performer of tricks or an escapologist or an illusionist.
magician: An amazingly talented craftsman or scientist.
magician: A person who astounds; an enigma.
abietine: Alternative spelling of abietin
Faeroese: Alternative form of Faroese
magnesia: magnesium oxide
acosmist: A follower of acosmism
acosmism: A denial of the existence of the universe as distinct from God.
acosmism: The determination of the world as mere phenomena to which true reality does not pertain.
handmade: An art or craft object made by hand.
Hispanic: A Spanish-speaking person.
Hispanic: A person of Spanish ancestry.
Hispanic: mestizo
haquebut: Obsolete spelling of hagbut
unwisdom: Lack of wisdom; unwise conduct or action
pinnacle: The highest point.
pinnacle: A tall, sharp and craggy rock or mountain.
pinnacle: An all-time high; a point of greatest achievement or success.
pinnacle: An upright member, generally ending in a small spire, used to finish a buttress, to constitute a part in a proportion, as where pinnacles flank a gable or spire.
handling: A touching, controlling, managing, using, take care of, etc., with the hand or hands, or as with the hands.
handling: The mechanism for handling or manipulating something.
handling: The mode of using the pencil or brush; style of touch.
handling: A criminal offence, the trade in stolen goods.
Brussels: A Brussels carpet.
polygony: Any plant of the genus Polygonum, especially knotgrass.
beefcake: Imagery of one or more muscular, well-built men.
beefcake: Such a male, especially as seen as physically desirable.
beefcake: A cake containing beef.
ballroom: A large room used for dancing and banquets.
ballroom: A type of elegant dance.
allemand: Misspelling of allemande.
Corsican: a person from Corsica or of Corsican descent
upgrowth: The process or result of growing up; progress; development.
sequence: A set of things next to each other in a set order; a series
sequence: The state of being sequent or following; order of succession.
sequence: A series of musical phrases where a theme or melody is repeated, with some change each time, such as in pitch or length (example: opening of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony).
sequence: A musical composition used in some Catholic Masses between the readings. The most famous sequence is the Dies Irae (Day of Wrath) formerly used in funeral services.
sequence: An ordered list of objects, typically indexed with natural numbers.
sequence: A subsequent event; a consequence or result.
sequence: A series of shots that depict a single action or style in a film, television show etc.
sequence: A meld consisting of three or more cards of successive ranks in the same suit, such as the four, five and six of hearts.
cardinal: One of the officials appointed by the pope in the Roman Catholic Church, ranking only below the pope and the patriarchs, constituting the special college which elects the pope. (See Wikipedia article on Catholic cardinals.)
cardinal: Any of a genus of songbirds of the finch family, Cardinalis.
cardinal: Any of various related passerine birds of the family Cardinalidae (See Wikipedia article on cardinals) and other similar birds that were once considered to be related.
cardinal: A deep red color, somewhat less vivid than scarlet, the traditional colour of a Catholic cardinal's cassock. (same as cardinal red)
cardinal: Short for cardinal number, a number indicating quantity, or the size of a set (e.g., 0, 1, 2, 3). (See Cardinal_number.)
cardinal: Short for cardinal numeral, a word used to represent a cardinal number.
cardinal: Short for cardinal flower (Lobelia cardinalis), a flowering plant.
cardinal: Short for cardinal tetra (Paracheirodon axelrodi), a freshwater fish.
cardinal: A woman's short cloak with a hood, originally made of scarlet cloth.
cardinal: Mulled red wine.
additive: A substance added to another substance or product to produce specific properties in the combined substance.
additive: A word or phrase that adds something, such as also, even, or nor.
eclectic: Someone who selects according to the eclectic method.
dockyard: A place where ships are repaired or outfitted.
aircraft: A vehicle capable of atmospheric flight due to interaction with the air, such as buoyancy or lift
nitrogen: The chemical element (symbol N) with an atomic number of 7 and atomic weight of 14.0067. It is a colorless and odorless gas.
nitrogen: Molecular nitrogen (N₂), a colorless, odorless gas at room temperature.
nitrogen: A specific nitrogen atom within a chemical formula, or a specific isotope of nitrogen
airplane: A powered heavier-than-air aircraft with fixed wings.
original: An object or other creation (e.g. narrative work) from which all later copies and variations are derived.
original: A person with a unique and interesting personality or creative talent.
original: An eccentric person.
original: A newly designed garment released by a fashion designer as part of a collection.
original: A ridgeling.
hardware: Fixtures, equipment, tools and devices used for general-purpose construction and repair of a structure or object. Also such equipment as sold as stock by a store of the same name, e.g. hardware store.
hardware: Equipment.
hardware: The part of a computer that is fixed and cannot be altered without replacement or physical modification; motherboard, expansion cards, etc. Compare software.
hardware: Electronic equipment.
hardware: Metal implements.
hardware: A firearm.
hardware: Medals or trophies.
hardware: Short for hardware store.
handbill: A pruning hook.
handbill: A chopping instrument; billhook.
handbill: A loose printed sheet, to be distributed by hand.
handcart: A cart designed to be pulled or pushed by hand (as opposed to with a beast of burden.)
handbook: A topically organized book of reference on a certain field of knowledge, regardless of size.
handbook: A place where illicit bets can be placed.
abomasus: Alternative form of abomasum
dampness: Moderate humidity; moisture; moistness; the state or quality of being damp.
dampness: The degree to which something is damp or moist.
southpaw: One who is left-handed, especially in sports.
southpaw: One who is left-handed, especially in sports.
southpaw: A left-handed pitcher.
southpaw: A boxer who leads with the right hand and guards with the left
Platonic: A Platonist; a follower of Plato's ideas.
Platonic: A Platonic solid.
hangbird: The Baltimore oriole (Icterus galbula), whose nest is suspended from the limb of a tree.
Austrian: A person from Austria or of Austrian descent.
Austrian: An economist supporting the ideals of the Austrian School of Economics.
autocrat: An absolute ruler with infinite power.
autocrat: A title borne by some such monarchs, as in Byzantium and tsarist Russia.
autocrat: Until the 20th century, a favorable description of a ruler who was connected with the concept of lack of conflicts of interest and an indication of grandeur and power.
put down: Alternative spelling of put-down
loophole: A slit in a castle wall; today, any similar window for shooting a ranged weapon or letting in light. Also written loop hole.
loophole: A method of escape, especially an ambiguity or exception in a rule or law that can be exploited in order to avoid its effect.
hold out: Alternative spelling of holdout.
quatorze: The four aces, kings, queens, jacks, or tens, in the game of piquet, any of these counting as fourteen points.
missense: A damaged DNA sequence that is meaningful but has an incorrect meaning, with the result that its products do not do what they are supposed to do.
cloudlet: A little cloud.
cloudlet: A small-scale cloud data center deployed at the edge.
division: The act or process of dividing anything.
division: Each of the separate parts of something resulting from division.
division: The process of dividing a number by another.
division: A calculation that involves this process.
division: A formation, usually made up of two or three brigades.
division: A usually high-level section of a large company or conglomerate.
division: A rank below kingdom and above class, particularly used of plants or fungi, also (particularly of animals) called a phylum; a taxon at that rank.
division: A disagreement; a difference of viewpoint between two sides of an argument.
division: A method by which a legislature is separated into groups in order to take a better estimate of vote than a voice vote.
division: A florid instrumental variation of a melody in the 17th and 18th centuries, originally conceived as the dividing of each of a succession of long notes into several short ones.
division: A set of pipes in a pipe organ which are independently controlled and supplied.
division: A concept whereby a common group of debtors are only responsible for their proportionate sum of the total debt.
division: Any of the four major parts of a COBOL program source code.
division: A lesson; a class.
division: A parliamentary constituency.
polygyny: The state or practice of having several wives at the same time; plurality of wives; marriage to several wives.
polygyny: The condition of an ant colony that has multiple egg-laying queens.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: A laver: a washbasin.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: A bathtub.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: A piscina: the basin used for washing communion vessels.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: A lavabo: the basin used for washing one's hands before handling the Eucharist.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: A baptismal font: the basin used for baptism, used figuratively for the washing away of sins.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: A plumbing fixture used for washing: a sink.
lavatory: A vessel or fixture for washing
lavatory: Handwashing as an act, particularly
lavatory: The lavabo: the ritual washing of hands before handling the eucharist.
lavatory: Handwashing as an act, particularly
lavatory: The ritual washing of hands after using the piscina to clean the communion vessels.
lavatory: Handwashing as an act, particularly
lavatory: A liquid used in washing; a lotion; a wash; a rinse.
lavatory: A washroom: a room used for washing the face and hands.
lavatory: A room containing a toilet: a bathroom (US) or WC (UK).
lavatory: A plumbing fixture for urination and defecation: a toilet.
lavatory: A place to wash clothes: a laundry.
lavatory: A place where gold is panned.
lavatory: A paved room in a mortuary where corpses are kept under a shower of disinfecting fluid.
gaku-ran: The military-style school uniform for male students in Japanese middle schools and high schools, usually in either black or navy. Also known as gakuseifuku (unisex term).
Peruvian: A person from Peru or of Peruvian descent.
upstairs: An upper storey.
upstairs: A woman's breasts.
tentacle: An elongated, boneless, flexible organ or limb of some animals, such as the octopus and squid.
tentacle: One of the glandular hairs on the leaves of certain insectivorous plants.
tentacle: An insidious reach or influence.
tentacle: Something like a zoological limb.
tentacle: An officer employed to drive out to troops and transmit back requests for support via a special radio link.
beverage: A liquid to consume; a drink, such as tea, coffee, liquor, beer, milk, juice, or soft drinks, usually excluding water.
beverage: (A gift of) drink money.
download: A file transfer to a given computer or device from a remote one through a network connection.
download: A file that has been or is intended to be transferred in this way.
taxonomy: The science or the technique used to make a classification.
taxonomy: A classification; especially, a classification in a hierarchical system.
taxonomy: The science of finding, describing, classifying and naming organisms.
universe: The sum of everything that exists in the cosmos.
universe: The sum of everything that exists in the cosmos.
universe: An entity similar to our universe; one component of a larger entity known as the multiverse.
universe: Everything under consideration.
universe: The set of all things considered.
universe: Everything under consideration.
universe: The set of all admissible observations.
universe: Everything under consideration.
universe: A sample taken from the population.
universe: Everything under consideration.
universe: An imaginary collection of worlds.
universe: An imaginary collection of worlds.
universe: A collection of stories with characters and settings that are less interrelated than those of sequels or prequels.
universe: A whole world, in the sense of perspective or social setting.
universe: A deity who is equivalent to the sum of everything that exists in the cosmos.
universe: The Earth, the sphere of the world.
archduke: The son or male-line grandson of an emperor of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
archduke: The ruler of an archduchy, in particular the Archduchy of Austria.
mayoress: A female mayor.
mayoress: The wife of a (male) mayor.
mayoress: A daughter or female friend of a male mayor chosen by him to hold the title mayoress.
asterisk: A small star; also (by extension), something resembling or shaped like a star.
asterisk: The star-shaped symbol *, which is used in printing and writing for various purposes, including to refer a reader to a note at the bottom of a page or in a margin, and to indicate the omission of letters or words; a star.
asterisk: Something resembling or shaped like an asterisk symbol.
asterisk: A small star; also (by extension), something resembling or shaped like a star.
asterisk: The star-shaped symbol *, which is used in printing and writing for various purposes, including to refer a reader to a note at the bottom of a page or in a margin, and to indicate the omission of letters or words; a star.
asterisk: Something which is of little importance or which is marginal; a footnote.
asterisk: A small star; also (by extension), something resembling or shaped like a star.
asterisk: The star-shaped symbol *, which is used in printing and writing for various purposes, including to refer a reader to a note at the bottom of a page or in a margin, and to indicate the omission of letters or words; a star.
asterisk: A blemish in an otherwise outstanding achievement.
asterisk: A small star; also (by extension), something resembling or shaped like a star.
asterisk: The star-shaped symbol *, which is used in printing and writing for various purposes, including to refer a reader to a note at the bottom of a page or in a margin, and to indicate the omission of letters or words; a star.
asterisk: A small star; also (by extension), something resembling or shaped like a star.
asterisk: An instrument with radiating arms resembling a star which is placed over the diskos (or paten) used during the Eucharist to prevent the veil covering the chalice and diskos from touching the host on the diskos.
aluminum: US, Canadian, and Philippines standard spelling of aluminium.
ununbium: The former systematic element name for the chemical element with atomic number 112 (symbol Uub), which has been officially changed to copernicium.
antimony: A chemical element (symbol Sb, from Latin stibium) with an atomic number of 51: in its stable allotrope, a lustrous gray and very brittle metal.
antimony: The alloy stibnite.
astatine: A highly radioactive chemical element (symbol At), one of the halogens, with atomic number 85.
chromium: A chemical element (symbol Cr) with an atomic number of 24: a steely-grey, lustrous, hard and brittle transition metal.
pressure: A pressing; a force applied to a surface.
pressure: A contrasting force or impulse of any kind
pressure: Distress.
pressure: Urgency
pressure: Impression; stamp; character impressed.
pressure: The amount of force that is applied over a given area divided by the size of this area; force per unit area.
titanium: A chemical element, atomic number 22; it is a strong, corrosion-resistant transition metal, used to make light alloys for aircraft etc.
titanium: A single atom of this element.
thallium: A metallic chemical element (symbol Tl) with atomic number 81: a gray post-transition metal that discolors when exposed to air.
thallium: A single atom of this element.
scandium: A metallic chemical element, atomic number 21, obtained from some uranium ores; it is a transition element.
selenium: A nonmetallic chemical element (symbol Se) with an atomic number of 34, used mainly in glassmaking and pigments and as a semiconductor.
selenium: A single atom of this element.
actinium: A radioactive, metallic chemical element (symbol: Ac) with an atomic number of 89; found in uranium ores.
vanadium: A chemical element (symbol V) with atomic number 23; it is a transition metal, used in the production of special steels.
vanadium: A single atom of this element.
tungsten: A rare metallic chemical element (symbol W, from Latin wolframium) with an atomic number of 74.
tungsten: A light bulb containing tungsten.
tungsten: scheelite, calcium tungstate
chlorine: A toxic, green, gaseous chemical element (symbol Cl) with an atomic number of 17.
chlorine: A single atom of this element.
chlorine: A chlorine-based bleach or disinfectant.
accentor: Any bird of the Eurasian genus Prunella, such as the dunnock.
accentor: The ovenbird, Seiurus aurocapilla.
accentor: One who sings the leading part; the director or leader.
samarium: A chemical element (symbol Sm) with an atomic number of 62, a moderately hard silvery metal that slowly oxidizes in air.
francium: The chemical element (symbol Fr) with an atomic number of 87. It is an intensely radioactive alkali metal that is not found in nature.
francium: A single atom of this element.
europium: A metallic chemical element (symbol Eu) with an atomic number of 63.
lutetium: A chemical element (symbol Lu) with an atomic number of 71, a silvery-white metal which resists corrosion in dry air.
fluorine: The chemical element (symbol F) with an atomic number of 9. It is the lightest of the halogens, a pale yellow-green, highly reactive gas that attacks all metals.
fluorine: A single atom of this element.
rubidium: The chemical element (symbol Rb) with an atomic number of 37. It is a soft, highly reactive alkali metal.
rubidium: A single atom of this element.
polonium: A rare, highly radioactive chemical element (symbol Po) with atomic number 84.
tantalum: A chemical element (symbol Ta) with atomic number 73: a rare, hard, blue-gray, lustrous transition metal that is highly corrosion-resistant.
platinum: The chemical element with atomic number 78 and symbol Pt; a dense, malleable, ductile, highly unreactive, silverish-white transition metal of great value.
platinum: A whitish grey colour, like that of the metal.
platinum: A single or album that has achieved platinum sales, i.e. over 1 million or 2 million.
platinum: A platinum-based drug: a platin.
nobelium: a transuranic chemical element (symbol No) with an atomic number of 102.
foreplay: In human sexual behavior, the acts at the beginning of a sexual encounter that serve to build up sexual arousal.
betrayal: the act of betraying
heatwave: A period of very hot weather.
heatwave: A heat haze.
cookbook: A book or an encyclopedia of recipes and cookery tips.
cookbook: Any book of strategies.
bolthole: A hole in an animal's den, or through a wall or fence, used for escape or emergency exit; i.e. a hole the animal may bolt through.
bolthole: A second home, etc. where a person can go to escape the stresses of everyday life.
zuchetto: Misspelling of zucchetto.
zoöphily: Alternative spelling of zoophily
moonrise: The time of day or night when the moon begins to rise over the horizon.
decagram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10¹ grams. Symbol: dag
decagram: A regular ten-pointed star shape.
decigram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10⁻¹ grams. Symbol: dg
cannelle: cinnamon
extremes: The opposite ends of a range or scale.
laurinol: Ordinary camphor.
kerosine: Alternative spelling of kerosene
democrat: A supporter of democracy; an advocate of democratic politics (originally (historical) as opposed to the aristocrats in Revolutionary France).
democrat: Someone who rules a representative democracy.
democrat: A large light uncovered wagon with two or more seats.
roadster: A horse for riding or driving on the road.
roadster: A bicycle, or tricycle, adapted for common roads, rather than for the racing track, usually of classic style and steel-framed construction.
roadster: One who drives much; a coach driver.
roadster: A hunter who keeps to the roads instead of following the hounds across country.
roadster: An open automobile having a front seat and a rumble seat.
roadster: A person who lives along the road.
roadster: a sea-going vessel riding at anchor in a road or bay.
roadster: A clumsy vessel that works its way from one anchorage to another by means of the tides.
Thracian: An inhabitant of Thrace, regardless of ethnicity.
Thracian: A member of a group of tribes who spoke the language Thracian. (See Wikipedia's article on the Thracians.)
neurotic: A person who has a neurosis
endogamy: The practice of marrying or requiring to marry within one's own ethnic, religious, or social group.
endogamy: The fusion of two related gametes.
laughing: The action of the verb to laugh.
culdesac: Alternative spelling of cul-de-sac
jaundice: A morbid condition, characterized by yellowness of the eyes, skin, and urine.
jaundice: A feeling of bitterness, resentment or jealousy.
terminal: A building in an airport where passengers transfer from ground transportation to the facilities that allow them to board airplanes.
terminal: A harbour facility where ferries embark and disembark passengers and load and unload vehicles.
terminal: A rail station where service begins and ends; the end of the line. For example: Grand Central Terminal in New York City.
terminal: A rate charged on all freight, regardless of distance, and supposed to cover the expenses of station service, as distinct from mileage rate, generally proportionate to the distance and intended to cover movement expenses.
terminal: A town lying at the end of a railroad, in which the terminal is located; more properly called a terminus.
terminal: A storage tank for bulk liquids (such as oil or chemicals) prior to further distribution.
terminal: the end of a line where signals are either transmitted or received, or a point along the length of a line where the signals are made available to apparatus.
terminal: An electric contact on a battery.
terminal: The apparatus to send and/or receive signals on a line, such as a telephone or network device.
terminal: A device for entering data into a computer or a communications system and/or displaying data received, especially a device equipped with a keyboard and some sort of textual display.
terminal: A computer program that emulates a physical terminal.
terminal: A terminal symbol in a formal grammar.
terminal: The end ramification (of an axon, etc.) or one of the extremities of a polypeptide.
laudator: One who lauds.
Brittany: A coward.
Brittany: A gun dog of a particular breed.
resistor: One who resists, especially a person who fights against an occupying army.
resistor: An electric component that transmits current in direct proportion to the voltage across it.
laudanum: A tincture of opium, once widely used for various medical purposes and as a recreational drug.
paradigm: A pattern, a way of doing something, especially (now often derogatory) a pattern of thought, a system of beliefs, a conceptual framework.
paradigm: An example serving as the model for such a pattern.
paradigm: A set of all forms which contain a common element, especially the set of all inflectional forms of a word or a particular grammatical category.
accusant: An accuser.
laureate: One crowned with laurel, such as a poet laureate or Nobel laureate.
laureate: A graduate of a university.
monopoly: A situation, by legal privilege or other agreement, in which solely one party (company, cartel etc.) exclusively provides a particular product or service, dominating that market and generally exerting powerful control over it.
monopoly: An exclusive control over the trade or production of a commodity or service through exclusive possession.
monopoly: The privilege granting the exclusive right to exert such control.
monopoly: The market thus controlled.
monopoly: The holder (person, company or other) of such market domination in one of the above manners.
fireball: A ball of fire, especially one associated with an explosion.
fireball: A meteor bright enough to cast shadows.
fireball: A feisty, strong-willed person.
fireball: A class of sailing dinghy with a single trapeze and a symmetrical spinnaker, sailed by a crew of two.
fireball: A charge made of a disc-shaped bomb shell, with four sets of flames, at the top, bottom and on either side.
fireball: A ball filled with combustibles to be thrown among enemies.
telethon: A televised fundraising event encouraging viewers to make donations via telephone.
Venetian: An inhabitant or a resident of Venice, the city.
Venetian: An inhabitant or a resident of Veneto, the surrounding region.
Venetian: A Venetian blind.
Venetian: Galligaskins.
infinity: endlessness, unlimitedness, absence of a beginning, end or limits to size.
infinity: A number that has an infinite numerical value that cannot be counted.
infinity: An idealised point which is said to be approached by sequences of values whose magnitudes increase without bound.
infinity: A number which is very large compared to some characteristic number. For example, in optics, an object which is much further away than the focal length of a lens is said to be "at infinity", as the distance of the image from the lens varies very little as the distance increases further.
infinity: The symbol ∞.
aceldama: Alternative form of Aceldama
acentric: A segment of a chromosome that lacks a centromere
ministry: Government department, at the administrative level normally headed by a minister (or equivalent rank, e.g. secretary of state), who holds it as portfolio, especially in a constitutional monarchy, but also as a polity
ministry: The complete body of government ministers (whether or not they are in cabinet) under the leadership of a head of government (such as a prime minister)
ministry: A ministration
ministry: The active practice and education of the minister of a particular religion or faith.
ministry: The clergy of nonapostolic Protestant churches.
ministry: Work of a spiritual or charitable nature.
porthole: A gunport; an opening in the hull of a ship through which cannon are fired.
porthole: A circular window set in the hull of a ship.
acephali: A people reported by Herodotus and Josephus to have no heads or removable heads.
acephali: The Eutychians, a Christian sect in the year 482 without a leader. See http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/01100c.htm.
acephali: Bishops and certain clergymen not under regular diocesan control.
acephali: A class of levelers in the time of King Henry I.
spectrum: A range; a continuous, infinite, one-dimensional set, possibly bounded by extremes.
spectrum: Specifically, a range of colours representing light (electromagnetic radiation) of contiguous frequencies; hence electromagnetic spectrum, visible spectrum, ultraviolet spectrum, etc.
spectrum: The autism spectrum.
spectrum: The pattern of absorption or emission of radiation produced by a substance when subjected to energy (radiation, heat, electricity, etc.).
spectrum: The set of eigenvalues of a matrix.
spectrum: Of a bounded linear operator A, the set of scalar values λ such that the operator A—λI, where I denotes the identity operator, does not have a bounded inverse; intended as a generalisation of the linear algebra sense.
spectrum: The set, denoted Spec(R), of all prime ideals of a given ring R, commonly augmented with a Zariski topology and considered as a topological space.
spectrum: Specter, apparition.
spectrum: The image of something seen that persists after the eyes are closed.
snowball: A ball of snow, usually one made in the hand and thrown for amusement in a snowball fight; also a larger ball of snow made by rolling a snowball around in snow that sticks to it and increases its diameter.
snowball: A cocktail made from lemonade and advocaat.
snowball: Something that snowballs (grows rapidly out of control).
snowball: A sex act involving passing ejaculated semen from one person's mouth to another's.
snowball: A type of ice dessert.
snowball: A small cake, typically cream-filled and covered in chocolate icing and desiccated coconut.
champion: An ongoing winner in a game or contest.
champion: Someone who is chosen to represent a group of people in a contest.
champion: Someone who fights for a cause or status.
champion: Someone who fights on another's behalf.
champion: A particularly notable member of a plant species, such as one of great size.
acetable: An ancient Roman measure, equivalent to about one eighth of a pint.
acetable: An acetabulum.
ordinary: A person with authority; authority, ordinance.
ordinary: A person having immediate jurisdiction in a given case of ecclesiastical law, such as the bishop within a diocese.
ordinary: A person with authority; authority, ordinance.
ordinary: A courier; someone delivering mail or post.
ordinary: A person with authority; authority, ordinance.
ordinary: A judge with the authority to deal with cases himself or herself rather than by delegation.
ordinary: A person with authority; authority, ordinance.
ordinary: The chaplain of Newgate prison, who prepared condemned prisoners for death.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: Customary fare, one's regular daily allowance of food; (hence) a regular portion or allowance.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: A meal provided for a set price at an eating establishment.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: A place where such meals are served; a public tavern, inn.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: One of the standard geometric designs placed across the center of a coat of arms, such as a pale or fess.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: An ordinary person or thing; something commonplace.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: The usual course of things; normal condition or health; a standard way of behaviour or action.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: A penny farthing bicycle.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: A part of the Christian liturgy that is reasonably constant without regard to the date on which the service is performed.
ordinary: Something ordinary or regular.
ordinary: A part of the Christian liturgy that is reasonably constant without regard to the date on which the service is performed.
ordinary: Alternative letter-case form of Ordinary (“those parts of the Mass which are consistent from day to day”)
ordinary: A book setting out ordinary or regular conduct.
ordinary: A devotional manual; a book setting our rules for proper conduct.
ordinary: A book setting out ordinary or regular conduct.
ordinary: A rule, or book of rules, prescribing the order of a liturgy, especially of Mass.
acescent: A substance liable to become sour.
laughter: The sound of laughing, produced by air so expelled; any similar sound.
laughter: A movement (usually involuntary) of the muscles of the laughing face, particularly of the lips, and of the whole body, with a peculiar expression of the eyes, indicating merriment, satisfaction or derision, and usually attended by a sonorous and interrupted expulsion of air from the lungs.
laughter: A reason for merriment.
hilarity: A great amount of amusement, usually accompanied by laughter.
hilarity: Something that induces laughter.
blessing: Some kind of divine or supernatural aid, or reward.
blessing: A pronouncement invoking divine aid.
blessing: Good fortune.
blessing: A modern pagan ceremony.
blessing: The act of declaring or bestowing favor; approval.
blessing: Something someone is glad of.
blessing: A prayer before a meal; grace.
blessing: A group of unicorns.
marathon: A 42.195 kilometre (26 mile 385 yard) road race.
marathon: Any extended or sustained activity.
Lutheran: A member of any of the Christian churches which identify with the theology of Martin Luther.
barratry: The act of persistently instigating lawsuits, often groundless ones.
barratry: The sale or purchase of religious or political positions of power.
barratry: Unlawful or fraudulent acts by the crew of a vessel, harming the vessel's owner.
manifest: A list or invoice of the passengers or goods being carried by a commercial vehicle or ship.
manifest: A file containing metadata describing other files.
manifest: A public declaration; an open statement; a manifesto.
flea bag: A disreputable place of accommodation.
flea bag: An unkempt mammal, especially a dog or cat.
flea bag: A sleeping bag.
flea bag: A poor and disreputable person.
monolith: A large, single block of stone which is a natural feature; or a block of stone or other similar material used in architecture and sculpture, especially one carved into a monument in ancient times.
monolith: Anything massive, uniform, and unmovable, especially a towering and impersonal cultural, political, or social organization or structure.
monolith: A substrate having many tiny channels that is cast as a single piece, which is used as a stationary phase for chromatography, as a catalytic surface, etc.
monolith: A dead tree whose height and size have been reduced by breaking off or cutting its branches.
friendly: A game which is of no consequence in terms of ranking, betting etc.
friendly: A person or entity on the same side in a conflict.
ignominy: Great dishonor, shame, or humiliation.
standoff: A device which maintains a fixed distance between two objects, especially between a surface and a sign or electrical wiring.
standoff: A deadlocked confrontation between antagonists.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Acacia esthrophiolata, Acacia excelsa, Acacia melanoxylon, Acacia stenophylla, or Erythrophleum chlorostachys.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Aegiphilia martinicensis
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Afzelia africana
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Astronium spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Backhousia myrtifolia
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Carpinus caroliniana
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Casuarina cristata
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Chionanthus caymanensis
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Cliftonia monophylla
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Colubrina elliptica
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Combretum imberbe
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Cordia subcordata
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Cyrilla racemiflora
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Dialium guianense
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Exothea paniculata
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Foresteria pubescens
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Gordonia haematoxylon
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Gymnostoma sumatranum
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Heritiera spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Jacquinia keyensis
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Metrosideros spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Myracrodruon urundeuva
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Paubrasilia echinata
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Prunus africana
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Schinopsis spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Schleichera oleosa
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Senegalia muricata
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Sideroxylon spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Sloania spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Swartzia spp.
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Terminalia canescens
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Thouina striata
ironwood: Any of numerous tree species known locally for having a particularly solid wood, or the wood of such species itself.
ironwood: Vachellia farnesiana
alacrity: Eagerness; liveliness; enthusiasm.
alacrity: Promptness; speed.
fraction: A part of a whole, especially a comparatively small part.
fraction: A ratio of two numbers (numerator and denominator), usually written one above the other and separated by a horizontal bar called the vinculum or, alternatively, in sequence on the same line and separated by a solidus (diagonal bar).
fraction: A component of a mixture, separated by fractionation.
fraction: In a eucharistic service, the breaking of the host.
fraction: A small amount.
fraction: The act of breaking, or state of being broken, especially by violence.
splinter: A long, sharp fragment of material, often wood.
splinter: A long, sharp fragment of material, often wood.
splinter: A small such fragment that gets embedded in the flesh.
splinter: A group that formed by splitting off from a larger membership.
splinter: A double-jump bid which indicates shortage in the bid suit.
employee: An individual who provides labor to a company or another person.
apostasy: The renunciation of a belief or set of beliefs.
apostasy: Specifically, the renunciation of one's religion or faith.
binomial: A polynomial with two terms.
binomial: A quantity expressed as the sum or difference of two terms.
binomial: A scientific name at the rank of species, with two terms: a generic name and a specific name.
sinecure: A position that requires no work but still gives an ample payment; a cushy job.
sinecure: An ecclesiastical benefice without the care of souls.
lemonade: A flavoured beverage consisting of water, lemon, and sweetener, sometimes ice, served mainly as a refreshment.
lemonade: A clear, usually carbonated, beverage made from lemon or artificial lemon flavouring, water, and sugar.
lemonade: Recreational drugs of poor or weak quality, especially heroin.
polymath: A person with extraordinarily broad and comprehensive knowledge.
esoteric: An esoteric doctrine or treatise; esoteric philosophy.
esoteric: One who believes, or is an initiate, in esoteric doctrines or rites.
railroad: A permanent track consisting of fixed metal rails to drive trains or similar motorized vehicles on.
railroad: The transportation system comprising such tracks and vehicles fitted to travel on the rails, usually with several vehicles connected together in a train.
railroad: A single, privately or publicly owned property comprising one or more such tracks and usually associated assets
railroad: A procedure conducted in haste without due consideration.
power-up: A special item that provides the player with some ability or benefit.
epiphany: An illuminating realization or discovery, often resulting in a personal feeling of elation, awe, or wonder.
epiphany: A manifestation or appearance of a divine or superhuman being.
epiphany: Alternative letter-case form of Epiphany.
stressor: An environmental condition or influence that stresses (i.e. causes stress for) an organism.
function: What something does or is used for.
function: A professional or official position.
function: An official or social occasion.
function: An official or social occasion.
function: A party.
function: Something which is dependent on or stems from another thing; a result or concomitant.
function: A relation where one thing is dependent on another for its existence, value, or significance.
function: A relation in which each element of the domain is associated with exactly one element of the codomain.
function: A routine that receives zero or more arguments and may return a result.
function: The physiological activity of an organ or body part.
function: The characteristic behavior of a chemical compound.
function: The role of a social practice in the continued existence of the group.
Guernsey: A cow of a breed of dairy cattle originally bred in Guernsey.
Guernsey: A knitted fisherman’s sweater of a type made on the island.
Guernsey: A long-sleeved shirt worn by sportsmen, especially in rugby codes (historically).
Guernsey: A team-liveried shirt; a jersey.
Guernsey: Selection or election to a position.
hallmark: A distinguishing characteristic.
hallmark: An official marking made by a trusted party, usually an assay office, on items made of precious metals.
calculus: Calculation; computation.
calculus: Any formal system in which symbolic expressions are manipulated according to fixed rules.
calculus: Differential calculus and integral calculus considered as a single subject; analysis.
calculus: A stony concretion that forms in a bodily organ.
calculus: Deposits of calcium phosphate salts on teeth.
calculus: A decision-making method, especially one appropriate for a specialised realm.
insolent: A person who is insolent.
jackboot: A glossy leather calf-covering military boot, commonly associated with German soldiers of the WWII era.
jackboot: The spirit that motivates a totalitarian or overly militaristic regime or policy.
solstice: One of the two points in the ecliptic at which the sun is furthest from the celestial equator. This corresponds to one of two days in the year when the day is either longest or shortest.
gasoline: A flammable liquid consisting of a mixture of refined petroleum hydrocarbons, mainly used as a motor fuel; petrol.
gasoline: Any specific kind of gasoline.
gasoline: Marijuana, especially very potent or high quality.
gasoline: An alcoholic beverage made of vodka and energy drink.
pleasure: A state of being pleased or contented; gratification.
pleasure: A person, thing or action that causes enjoyment.
pleasure: One's preference.
pleasure: The will or desire of someone or some agency in power.
birthday: The anniversary of the day on which someone is born.
birthday: The anniversary of the day on which something is created.
birthday: The date on which someone is born or something is created, more commonly called birthdate or date of birth.
birthday: A birthday party.
investor: A person who invests money in order to make a profit.
campaign: A series of operations undertaken to achieve a set goal.
campaign: The period during which a blast furnace is continuously in operation.
campaign: An open field; a large, open plain without considerable hills; a champaign.
campaign: An excursion into the countryside.
glossary: A list of terms in a particular domain of knowledge with their definitions.
blizzard: A large snowstorm accompanied by strong winds and greatly reduced visibility caused by blowing snow.
blizzard: A large amount of paperwork.
blizzard: A large number of similar things.
parmesan: A hard, full-fat Italian cheese from Parma.
parmesan: A similar cheese produced elsewhere.
parmesan: Money.
Syracuse: A type of red wine.
operator: One who operates.
operator: A telecommunications facilitator whose job is to establish temporary network connections.
operator: A member of a military special operations unit.
operator: The game of Chinese whispers.
operator: A person who is adept at making deals or getting results, especially one who uses questionable methods.
operator: A function or other mapping that carries variables defined on a domain into another variable or set of variables in a defined range.
operator: The administrator of a channel or network on IRC.
operator: A symbol that represents a construct in a programming language and differs from a normal function in its syntax.
operator: A kind of expression that enters into an a-bar movement dependency and is said to bind a variable.
operator: A bus driver.
operator: A thief or charlatan.
operator: A major criminal.
operator: Someone who is successful at pursuing women; a player.
fishbait: bait for fishing
sixtieth: The person or thing in the sixtieth position.
sixtieth: One of sixty equal parts of a whole.
fiftieth: The person or thing in the fiftieth position.
fiftieth: One of fifty equal parts of a whole.
vocalist: A singer; a person who likes to sing.
fortieth: The person or thing in the fortieth position.
fortieth: One of forty equal parts of a whole.
Bermudan: A person from Bermuda or of Bermudian descent.
constant: That which is permanent or invariable.
constant: A quantity that remains at a fixed value throughout a given discussion.
constant: Any property of an experiment, determined numerically, that does not change under given circumstances.
constant: An identifier that is bound to an invariant value; a fixed value given a name to aid in readability of source code.
Belizean: A person from Belize or of Belizean descent.
Florence: An ancient gold coin of the time of Edward III, coined by Florentines and worth six shillings sterling.
Florence: A kind of silk fabric; florentine.
crossing: Cross-breeding.
crossing: Opposition; thwarting.
crossing: An intersection where roads, lines, or tracks cross.
crossing: A place at which a river, railroad, or highway may be crossed.
crossing: The act by which terrain or a road etc. is crossed.
crossing: A voyage across a body of water.
crossing: The volume formed by the intersection of chancel, nave and transepts in a cruciform church; often with a tower or cupola over it.
crossing: Movement into a crossed position.
crossing: A pair of intersecting edges.
crossing: A pair of parallel lines printed on a cheque
Beninese: A person from Benin or of Beninese descent.
Bolivian: A person from Bolivia or of Bolivian descent.
Bahamian: A person from the Bahamas or of Bahamian descent.
Nigerien: A person from Niger or of Nigerien descent.
songster: A man who sings songs, especially as a profession; a male singer.
songster: A male songbird.
songster: One who writes songs.
songster: A book of songs; songbook.
Sudanese: A person from Sudan or of Sudanese descent.
Nigerian: A person from Nigeria or of Nigerian descent.
Bahraini: A person from Bahrain or of Bahraini descent.
Malawian: A person from Malawi or of Malawian descent.
Honduran: A person from Honduras or of Honduran descent.
vanguard: The leading units at the front of an army or fleet.
vanguard: The person(s) at the forefront of any group or movement.
Gabonese: A person from Gabon or of Gabonese descent.
Guyanese: A person from Guyana or of Guyanese descent.
Guyanese: Guyanese Creole
Lebanese: A person from Lebanon or of Lebanese descent.
Bruneian: A person from Brunei or of Bruneian descent.
Tuvaluan: A person from Tuvalu or of Tuvaluan descent.
Liberian: A person from Liberia or of Liberian descent.
Namibian: A person from Namibia or of Namibian descent.
province: A region of the earth or of a continent; a district or country.
province: An administrative subdivision of certain countries, including Canada and China.
province: An area outside Italy which is administered by a Roman governor or prefect.
province: An area under the jurisdiction of an archbishop, typically comprising a number of adjacent dioceses.
province: An area under the jurisdiction of a provincial within a monastic order.
province: The parts of a country outside its capital city.
province: An area of activity, responsibility or knowledge; the proper concern of a particular person or concept.
Valencia: A kind of sweet orange.
Valencia: Any of various cocktails made with orange juice.
Comorian: A person from Comoros or of Comorian descent.
botanist: A person engaged in botany, the scientific study of plants.
Eritrean: A native or inhabitant of Eritrea, or a descendant of such person.
Belizian: Belizean
Jamaican: A person from Jamaica or of Jamaican descent.
Jamaican: The Jamaican creole language.
Jamaican: Jamaican English.
Viennese: An inhabitant or resident of Vienna.
Tunisian: A person from Tunisia or of Tunisian descent.
shanghai: A breed of chicken with large bodies, long legs, and feathered shanks.
shanghai: A kind of daub.
shanghai: A tall dandy.
shanghai: A kind of dart game in which players are gradually eliminated ("shanghaied"), usually either by failing to reach a certain score in 3 quick throws or during a competition to hit a certain prechosen number and then be the first to hit the prechosen numbers of the other players.
shanghai: Synonym of slingshot.
Togolese: A person from Togo or of Togolese descent.
fugitive: A person who flees or escapes and travels secretly from place to place, and sometimes using disguises and aliases to conceal his/her identity, as to avoid law authorities in order to avoid an arrest or prosecution; or to avoid some other unwanted situation.
Nepalese: A person from Nepal or of Nepalese descent.
Rwandese: A person from Rwanda or of Rwandese descent.
Boeotian: An inhabitant or a resident of Boeotia.
Boeotian: A dull or ignorant person.
typeface: The particular design of some type, font, or a font family.
typeface: The surface of type which inked, or the impression it makes.
Ghanaian: A person from Ghana or of Ghanaian descent.
Mahorais: A person from Mayotte or of Mahoran descent.
Somalian: Synonym of Somali
Cilician: A native or inhabitant of Cilicia.
Malagasy: A person from Madagascar or of Malagasy descent.
Malagasy: The languages of Madagascar or of the Malagasy people, when considered to be one language.
Malagasy: The chief lect of this language or language group.
honeybee: Alternative form of honey bee
Moroccan: A person from Morocco or of Moroccan descent.
show-off: One who shows off.
standout: An exceptional or noteworthy person or thing.
feed dog: On a sewing machine, the toothed mechanism that uses a forward, down, back, and up motion against the presser foot to advance the fabric through the machine evenly.
unicycle: A type of cycle that has only one wheel and is powered by pedals; it is most often used by acrobats.
stand-in: A person of similar size and shape to an actor who "stands in" for that actor during the lengthy process of setting up a shot, but who, unlike a double, does not appear in the film.
stand-in: A substitute.
show off: Alternative form of show-off
asperity: The quality of being harsh or severe in the way one speaks or behaves toward people.
asperity: The quality of being difficult or unpleasant to experience.
asperity: The quality of having a rough or uneven surface.
asperity: Something that is harsh and difficult to endure.
asperity: An area that protrudes from a surface.
asperity: A section of a fault line with high friction, such that there is no movement along this part of the fault except during an earthquake.
colonist: A founder of a colony.
colonist: A member of a colony.
tricycle: A cycle with three wheels, powered by pedals and usually intended for young children.
tricycle: An autorickshaw; A motorized cycle rickshaw
rainfall: the amount of rain that falls on a single occasion
rainfall: The occurrence of liquid precipitation, the fall of rain.
achatour: A purveyor of provisions; a provedore. [– c.]
achatour: A purveyor of provisions; a provedore.
sandwich: A dish or foodstuff where at least one piece, but typically two or more pieces, of bread serve(s) as the wrapper or container of some other food.
sandwich: Any combination formed by layering one type of material between two layers of some other material.
sandwich: A layer cake or sandwich cake.
sandwich: A sandwichman (one who wears a sandwich board).
zabaione: Alternative form of zabaglione
turnover: The amount of money taken as sales transacted in a given period.
turnover: The frequency with which stock is replaced after being used or sold, workers leave and are replaced, a property changes hands, etc.
turnover: A semicircular pastry made by turning one half of a circular crust over the other, enclosing the filling (usually fruit).
turnover: A loss of possession of the ball without scoring.
turnover: A measure of leg speed: the frequency with which one takes strides when running, typically given in strides per minute.
turnover: The act or result of overturning something; an upset.
turnover: An apprentice, in any trade, who is handed over from one master to another to complete his time.
innuendo: A derogatory hint or reference to, or (often sexual) insinuation about, a person or thing.
innuendo: A remark that is suggestive of something sexual without stating it explicitly.
innuendo: A rhetorical device with an omitted, but obvious conclusion, made to increase the force of an argument.
innuendo: Part of a pleading in cases of libel and slander, pointing out what and who was meant by the libellous matter or description.
paradise: The place where sanctified souls are believed to live after death.
paradise: A garden where Adam and Eve first lived after being created.
paradise: A very pleasant place, such as a place full of lush vegetation.
paradise: An ideal place for a specified type of person, activity, etc.
paradise: A very pleasant experience.
paradise: An open space within a monastery or adjoining a church, such as the space within a cloister, the open court before a basilica, etc.
paradise: A churchyard or cemetery.
paradise: The upper gallery in a theatre.
paradise: A cake, often as a paradise slice.
propolis: An aromatic glue-like substance produced by honeybees from tree resin, waxes, and their own secretions, used in the construction of their hives.
ditheism: A belief in two deities, which may be in conflict with each other.
kilogram: In the International System of Units, the base unit of mass; conceived of as the mass of one litre of water, but now defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the Planck constant h to be 6.626 070 15 × 10⁻³⁴ when expressed in units of kg⋅m²⋅s⁻¹. Symbol: kg
kilogram: The unit of weight such that a one-kilogram mass is also a one-kilogram weight.
Egyptian: A person from Egypt or of Egyptian descent.
Egyptian: A gypsy.
knockoff: An imitation of something, particularly a well-known product, usually lower in quality and price than the original.
knockoff: A device in a knitting machine to remove loops from the needles.
knockout: The act of making one unconscious, or at least unable to come back on one's feet within a certain period of time; a TKO.
knockout: The deactivation of anything.
knockout: Something wildly popular, entertaining, or funny.
knockout: A very attractive person, especially a beautiful woman.
knockout: A partially punched opening meant for optional later removal.
knockout: The deactivation of a particular gene.
knockout: A creature engineered with a particular gene deactivated.
knockout: An event where a foreground color causes a background color not to print.
knockout: A tournament in which a team or player must beat the opponent in order to progress to the next round.
knockout: A simple game for two or more players, derived from basketball.
knockout: Short for knockout auction.
Friulian: A native, inhabitant or a resident of Friuli.
Alderney: A type of milk cow from Alderney.
factotum: A person having many diverse activities or responsibilities.
factotum: A general servant.
factotum: An individual employed to do all sorts of duties.
factotum: A jack of all trades.
factotum: A large decorative printing block with a central space into which any letter can be inserted, used to mark the beginning of a chapter of a book in early printing.
monastic: A person with monastic ways; a monk.
Georgian: The language of Georgia, a country in Eastern Europe and Western Asia.
Georgian: A person or a descendant of a person from Georgia, a country in Eastern Europe and Western Asia.
Georgian: A native or resident of the state of Georgia in the United States of America.
Georgian: A British citizen during the reign of a king named George.
celibacy: Abstaining from marriage; the state of being unmarried.
celibacy: Abstinence from sexual relations.
meniscus: A crescent moon, or an object shaped like it.
meniscus: A lens which is convex on one side and concave on the other, being crescent-shaped in cross-section.
meniscus: The curved surface of liquids in tubes, whether concave or convex, caused by the surface tension of the liquid.
meniscus: Either of two parts of the human knee that provide structural integrity to the knee when it undergoes tension and torsion.
maestoso: A passage to be played majestically.
biennial: A plant that requires two years to complete its life-cycle, germinating and growing in its first year, then producing its flowers and fruit in its second year, after which it usually dies.
biennial: An event that happens every two years.
castrato: A male who has been castrated, especially a male whose testicles have been removed before puberty in order to retain his boyish voice.
castrato: A male soprano or alto voice produced by castration of the treble singer before puberty, intended to conserve his voice; the singer.
graphite: An allotrope of carbon, consisting of planes of carbon atoms arranged in hexagonal arrays with the planes stacked loosely, that is used as a dry lubricant, in "lead" pencils, and as a moderator in some nuclear reactors.
graphite: Short for graphite-reinforced plastic, a composite plastic made with graphite fibers noted for light weight strength and stiffness.
graphite: A grey colour, resembling graphite or the marks made with a graphite pencil.
bushbaby: An small, nocturnal, African primate, similar to a lemur.
bull ant: Myrmecia brevinoda
goldfish: A type of small fish, Carassius auratus, typically orange-colored.
goldfish: A person with an unreliable memory.
army ant: A tropical nomadic ant, principally in the subfamiles Dorylinae and Leptanillinae, that preys on other insects.
sedition: Organized incitement of rebellion or civil disorder against authority or the state, usually by speech or writing.
sedition: Insurrection or rebellion.
violence: Extreme force.
violence: Physical action which causes destruction, harm, pain, or suffering.
violence: Widespread fighting.
violence: Injustice, wrong.
violence: ravishment; rape; violation
idolatry: The worship of idols.
idolatry: The excessive admiration of somebody or something.
toxicity: The quality or degree of being toxic.
ereption: A sudden snatching away.
beration: Beratement: the act of berating.
Prosecco: A dry, slightly sparkling Italian white wine made from that grape.
deserter: A person who has physically removed him- or herself from the control or direction of a military or naval unit with the intention of permanently leaving
deserter: A person who has physically removed him- or herself from the control or direction of a military or naval unit with the intention of permanently leaving
deserter: Under the United States Code of Military Justice, a person who has been placed on AWOL status for more than 30 days
alopecia: Baldness.
alopecia: Deficiency of the hair, which may be caused by failure to grow or loss after growth.
alopecia: Loss of hair (especially on the head) or loss of wool or feathers, whether natural or caused by disease.
penumbra: A partially shaded area around the edges of a shadow, especially an eclipse.
penumbra: A region around the edge of a sunspot, darker than the sun's surface but lighter than the middle of the sunspot.
penumbra: An area of uncertainty or intermediacy between two mutually exclusive states or categories.
penumbra: An area that lies on the edge of something; a fringe.
penumbra: Something related to, connected to, and implied by, the existence of something else that is necessary for the second thing to be full and complete in its essential aspects.
penumbra: A region of the brain that has lost only some of its blood supply, and retains structural integrity but has lost function.
antelope: Any of several African mammals of the family Bovidae distinguished by hollow horns, which, unlike deer, they do not shed.
antelope: The pronghorn, Antilocapra americana.
antelope: A fierce legendary creature said to live on the banks of the Euphrates, having long serrated horns and being hard to catch.
atrocity: An extremely cruel act; a horrid act of injustice.
atrocity: The quality or state of being atrocious; enormous wickedness; extreme criminality or cruelty.
atrocity: An object considered to be extremely unattractive or undesirable.
cockatoo: A bird of the family Cacatuidae with a curved beak and a zygodactyl foot.
cockatoo: A lookout posted during a two-up game, when gambling was illegal.
parakeet: Any of various species of small parrot primarily of tropical regions.
mushroom: Any of the fleshy fruiting bodies of fungi typically produced above ground on soil or on their food sources (such as decaying wood).
mushroom: A fungus producing such fruiting bodies.
mushroom: Champignon or Agaricus bisporus, the mushroom species most commonly used in cooking.
mushroom: Any of the mushroom-shaped pegs in bar billiards.
mushroom: A concrete column with a thickened portion at the top, used to support a slab.
mushroom: One who rises suddenly from a low condition in life; an upstart.
mushroom: Something that grows very quickly or seems to appear suddenly.
mushroom: Ellipsis of mushroom cloud.
achiever: One who achieves something.
achiever: One who tends to succeed; a winner.
historic: A history, a non-fiction account of the past.
historic: A historian.
mongoose: Any of several species of generalist predatory Carnivores in the family Herpestidae; the various species range in size from rats to large cats. The Indian mongoose is noted as a predator of venomous snakes, though other mongoose species have similar habits.
mongoose: Any members of family Eupleridae of Malagasy mongooses, only distantly related to the Herpestidae, but resembling them in appearance and habits, with larger ears and ringed tails.
afflatus: A sudden rush of creative impulse or inspiration, often attributed to divine influence.
chiasmus: An inversion of the relationship between the elements of phrases.
wayleave: A right of way granted by a landowner.
wayleave: A right to cross land.
Croatian: An inhabitant of Croatia, or a person of Croatian descent.
she-bear: A female bear (as opposed to a he-bear, male bear).
template: A physical object whose shape is used as a guide to make other objects.
template: A generic model or pattern from which other objects are based or derived.
template: A generic model or pattern from which other objects are based or derived.
template: document template (file with a basic outline for a work)
template: A macromolecule which provides a pattern for the synthesis of another molecule.
template: A partially defined class or function, that can be instantiated in a variety of ways depending on the instantiation arguments.
template: A strip of metal used in boiler-making, pierced with a series of holes, and serving as a guide in marking out a line of rivet-holes.
enneagon: A polygon with nine sides; a nonagon.
bear cub: A young bear.
UV-EPROM: ultraviolet erasable programmable read only memory
reliable: Something or someone reliable or dependable
gauntlet: Protective armor for the hands, formerly thrown down as a challenge to combat.
gauntlet: A long glove covering the wrist.
gauntlet: A rope on which hammocks or clothes are hung for drying.
gauntlet: An eruption of pellagra on the hands.
gauntlet: Two parallel rows of attackers who strike at a criminal as punishment.
gauntlet: A simultaneous attack from two or more sides.
gauntlet: Any challenging, difficult, or painful ordeal, often one performed for atonement or punishment.
gauntlet: A temporary convergence of two parallel railroad tracks allowing passage through a narrow opening in each direction without switching.
heptagon: A polygon with seven sides and seven angles.
flamingo: A wading bird of the family Phoenicopteridae.
flamingo: A deep pink color tinged with orange, like that of a flamingo.
immature: An immature member of a species.
metanoia: A fundamental change of mind.
metanoia: A spiritual conversion.
pentagon: A polygon with five sides and five angles.
pentagon: A fort with five bastions.
barranca: A steep-sided gulch or arroyo; a canyon or ravine.
tea cosy: An insulating cloth covering, shaped to fit over a teapot to maintain warmth.
producer: An individual or organization that creates goods and services.
producer: One who produces an artistic production, such as an album, a theater production, a film, a TV program, a video game, and so on.
producer: An organism that produces complex organic compounds from simple molecules and an external source of energy.
producer: An arrest for speeding after which the driver is allowed seven days (or ten, in the Republic of Ireland) in which to produce his/her driving licence and related documents at a police station.
producer: A furnace for producing combustible gas for fuel.
scorpion: Any of various arachnids of the order Scorpiones, related to the spiders, characterised by two large front pincers and a curved tail with a venomous sting in the end.
scorpion: An ancient military engine for hurling stones and other missiles.
scorpion: A very spiteful or vindictive person.
scorpion: A cheerleading move in which one foot is pulled back and held up with both hands while the performer stands on the other foot.
scorpion: A whip with points like a scorpion's tail.
research: Diligent inquiry or examination to seek or revise facts, principles, theories, applications, etc. (that are currently available, or that are familiar to one's self).
research: A particular instance or piece of research.
speedway: A form of motorcycle racing on flat (without camber) oval dirt tracks using motorcycles with neither brakes nor gears.
speedway: A form of bicycle racing on flat (non-banked) oval dirt tracks.
speedway: A racetrack venue designated especially for the sport of auto racing.
speedway: A racetrack venue designated especially for the sport of auto racing.
speedway: A positive-camber banked oval racing circuit, designed for high speed cornering, racing anywhere on the length of the track.
speedway: A racetrack venue designated especially for the sport of auto racing.
speedway: A positive-camber banked oval racing circuit, designed for high speed cornering, racing anywhere on the length of the track.
speedway: A size of paved banked oval racetrack, smaller than superspeedways, but larger than a mile.
speedway: A road for high speed traffic; an expressway.
prestige: The quality of how good the reputation of something or someone is, how favourably something or someone is regarded.
prestige: Delusion; illusion; trick.
pachinko: A mechanical ball-dropping game similar to pinball, popular in Japan.
navicula: A thurible in the shape of a boat.
bavarian: A type of custard-like food, made with fruit.
duckling: A young duck.
rosarium: A rose-garden.
peculiar: That which is peculiar; a sole or exclusive property; a prerogative; a characteristic.
peculiar: an ecclesiastical district, parish, chapel or church outside the jurisdiction of the bishop of the diocese in which it is situated.
fountain: A natural source of water; a spring.
fountain: An artificial, usually ornamental, water feature (usually in a garden or public place) consisting of one or more streams of water originating from a statue or other structure.
fountain: The structure from which an artificial fountain can issue.
fountain: A reservoir from which liquid can be drawn.
fountain: A source or origin of a flow (e.g., of favors or knowledge).
fountain: A roundel barry wavy argent and azure.
fountain: A juggling pattern typically done with an even number of props where each prop is caught by the same hand that throws it.
fountain: A soda fountain.
fountain: A drink poured from a soda fountain, or the cup it is poured into.
fountain: A ground-based firework that projects sparks similar to a water fountain.
fountain: Anything that resembles a fountain in operation.
biweekly: Something that is published or released once every two weeks.
festival: A feast or feast day.
festival: An event or series of special events centred on the celebration or promotion of some theme or aspect of the community, often held at regular intervals.
festival: In mythology, a set of celebrations in the honour of a god.
festival: Fried cornbread.
manifold: A copy made by the manifold writing process.
manifold: A pipe fitting or similar device that connects multiple inputs or outputs.
manifold: The third stomach of a ruminant animal, an omasum.
manifold: A topological space that looks locally like the "ordinary" Euclidean space ℝⁿ and is Hausdorff.
manifold: A polygon mesh representing the continuous, closed surface of a solid object
tea leaf: A dried fragment of a leaf of the tea plant used in making the drink tea.
tea leaf: A thief.
compress: A multiply folded piece of cloth, a pouch of ice etc., used to apply to a patient's skin, cover the dressing of wounds, and placed with the aid of a bandage to apply pressure on an injury.
compress: A machine for compressing.
dustbowl: An area which abounds in dust and which is very dry.
dustbowl: The central region of the United States during the 1930s.
dustbowl: The 1930s period.
Assamese: A member of the people of Assam.
souvenir: An item of sentimental value, that is given or kept to remember an event or location.
Gujarati: A person from Gujarat.
appendix: Something attached to something else; an attachment or accompaniment.
appendix: A text added to the end of a book or an article, containing additional information.
appendix: The vermiform appendix.
appendix: Any process, prolongation, or projection.
magazine: A non-academic periodical publication, generally consisting of sheets of paper folded in half and stapled at the fold.
magazine: A non-academic periodical publication, generally consisting of sheets of paper folded in half and stapled at the fold.
magazine: Of a television show, having each episode comprised of a variety features or segments.
magazine: An ammunition storehouse.
magazine: An ammunition storehouse.
magazine: The portion of a warship where munitions are stored.
magazine: A chamber in or attachable to a firearm enabling multiple rounds of ammunition to be fed into the firearm.
magazine: A reservoir or supply chamber for a stove, battery, camera, typesetting machine, or other apparatus.
magazine: A country or district especially rich in natural products.
magazine: A city viewed as a marketing center.
magazine: A store, or shop, where goods are kept for sale.
magazine: A collection of Teletext pages.
harmonia: A harmonic mode in ancient Greek music, characterized by a particular set of chords and rhythmic patterns.
dumpling: A ball of dough that is cooked and may have a filling and/or additional ingredients in the dough.
dumpling: A ball of dough that is cooked and may have a filling and/or additional ingredients in the dough.
dumpling: By restriction, a food composed of a dough wrapper around a filling.
dumpling: A term of endearment.
dumpling: A piece of excrement.
shortage: A lack or deficiency; an insufficient amount.
scenario: An outline of the plot of a dramatic or literary work.
scenario: A screenplay itself, or an outline or a treatment of it.
scenario: An outline or model of an expected or supposed sequence of events.
synopsis: A brief summary of the major points of a written work, either as prose or as a table; an abridgment or condensation of a work.
synopsis: A reference work containing brief articles that taken together give an overview of an entire field.
synopsis: A prayer book for use by the laity of the church.
stimulus: An external phenomenon that has an influence on a system, by triggering or modifying an internal phenomenon; for example, a spur or incentive that drives a person to take action or change behaviour.
stimulus: Something external that elicits or influences a physiological or psychological activity or response, or that affects any of the sensory apparatuses.
stimulus: A sting on the body of a plant or insect.
follower: One who follows, comes after another.
follower: Something that comes after another thing.
follower: One who is a part of master's physical group, such as a servant or retainer.
follower: One who follows mentally, adherer to the opinions, ideas or teachings of another, a movement etc.
follower: An imitator, who follows another's example.
follower: A pursuer.
follower: An account holder who subscribes to see content from another account on a social media platform.
follower: A machine part receiving motion from another.
follower: A man courting a maidservant; suitor.
follower: Young cattle.
follower: A metal piece placed at the top of a candle to keep the wax melting evenly.
follower: Any of the three players (the ruckman, ruck rover, and rover) who usually follow the ball around the ground rather than occupying a fixed position.
follower: A debt collector.
follower: A tool used to remove the core from a pin-tumbler lock without causing the driver pins and springs to fall out.
clitoris: A sensitive elongated erectile organ at the anterior part of the vulva in female humans and mammals, homologous with the penis.
clitoris: A similar erectile sexual organ present in the cloacas of female ratites.
calamari: squid as food, especially cooked in the form of calamari rings
calamari: squid, the mollusk, in general
naturist: One who follows a philosophical belief in a naked, natural life and prefers to live without clothes, often for reasons of ecology, health, religious belief, and/or ethical concerns.
naturist: One who believes in the doctrine of naturism, which attributes everything to nature.
naturism: The belief in or practice of going nude in social settings, often in mixed-gender groups, specifically either in cultures where this is not the norm or for health reasons.
naturism: The worship of the powers of nature.
ellipsis: A mark consisting of (in English) three periods, historically or more formally with spaces in between, before, and after them, " . . . ", or, more recently, a single character, "…", used to indicate that words have been omitted in a text or that they are missing or illegible, or (in mathematics) that a pattern continues (e.g., 1, ..., 4 means 1, 2, 3, 4).
ellipsis: The omission of a word or phrase that can be inferred from the context.
ellipsis: The omission of scenes in a film that do not advance the plot.
ellipsis: An ellipse.
anaconda: Any of various large nonvenomous snakes of the genus Eunectes, found mainly in northern South America. [from c.]
anaconda: Any of various large nonvenomous snakes of the genus Eunectes, found mainly in northern South America.
anaconda: The green anaconda; Eunectes murinus.
anaconda: A large penis.
vinculum: A bond or link signifying union.
vinculum: Any symbol used to group some of the terms in an expression, indicating that that part of the calculation should be done before other parts.
vinculum: A horizontal line over the top of some of the terms in an expression, indicating that that part of the calculation is to be done before other parts.
vinculum: A horizontal line over the top of some of the terms in an expression, indicating that that part of the calculation is to be done before other parts.
vinculum: Specifically, the horizontal line between the numerator and denominator in a fraction.
vinculum: A ligament that limits the movement of an organ or part.
ordnance: Military equipment, especially weapons and ammunition.
ordnance: Artillery.
traveler: US standard spelling of traveller.
skid lid: motorcycle helmet
sea lion: A marine mammal of any of several genera in the family Otariidae (the eared seals).
sea lion: A monster consisting of the upper part of a lion combined with the tail of a fish (a lion marined).
sea lion: A steamer transporting cattle from the ports of Texas.
sea lion: A cow or bull transported by steamer from the ports of Texas.
anecdote: A short account of a real incident or person, often humorous or interesting.
anecdote: An account which supports an argument, but which is not supported by scientific or statistical analysis.
anecdote: A previously untold secret account of an incident.
suitcase: A large (usually rectangular) piece of luggage used for carrying clothes, and sometimes suits, when travelling.
suitcase: In the Classic Mac OS operating system, a file containing fonts, icons, sounds, and other resources.
logician: A person who studies or teaches logic.
collapse: The act of collapsing.
collapse: Constant function, one-valued function (in automata theory) (in particular application causing a reset).
envelope: A paper or cardboard wrapper used to enclose small, flat items, especially letters, for mailing.
envelope: Something that envelops; a wrapping.
envelope: A bag containing the lifting gas of a balloon or airship; fabric that encloses the gas-bags of an airship.
envelope: A mathematical curve, surface, or higher-dimensional object that is the tangent to a given family of lines, curves, surfaces, or higher-dimensional objects.
envelope: A curve that bounds another curve or set of curves, as the modulation envelope of an amplitude-modulated carrier wave in electronics.
envelope: The shape of a sound, which may be controlled by a synthesizer or sampler.
envelope: The information used for routing a message that is transmitted with the message but not part of its contents.
envelope: An enclosing structure or cover, such as a membrane; a space between two membranes
envelope: The set of limitations within which a technological system can perform safely and effectively.
envelope: The nebulous covering of the head or nucleus of a comet; a coma.
envelope: An earthwork in the form of a single parapet or a small rampart, sometimes raised in the ditch and sometimes beyond it.
semester: Half of a school year (US) or academic year such as autumn or spring semester.
semester: A period or term of six months.
fuckload: An indeterminate but large number.
syphilis: A disease spread via sexual activity, caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum.
Cherokee: A member of an indigenous North American people.
turmeric: An Indian plant, Curcuma longa, with aromatic rhizomes, part of the ginger family (Zingiberaceae).
turmeric: The pulverized rhizome of the turmeric plant, used for flavoring and to add a bright yellow color to food.
turmeric: A yellow to reddish-brown dye extracted from the turmeric plant.
keystone: The top stone of an arch.
keystone: Something on which other things depend for support.
keystone: A native or resident of the American state of Pennsylvania.
keystone: A retail price that is double the cost price; a markup of 100%.
keystone: The combination of the shortstop and second baseman.
pokeweed: A poisonous North American plant, Phytolacca americana, with reddish stems, broad leaves, clusters of white flowers, and dark purple berries.
corporal: A non-commissioned officer army rank with NATO code OR-4. The rank below a sergeant but above a lance corporal and private.
corporal: A non-commissioned officer rank in the police force, below a sergeant but above a private or patrolman.
corporal: A worker in charge of the wagonway, reporting to the deputy.
corporal: The white linen cloth on which the elements of the Eucharist are placed; a communion cloth.
basilisk: A mythical snake-like dragon, so venomous that even its gaze was deadly.
basilisk: An infohazard or cognitohazard, especially a Langford's basilisk.
basilisk: A type of dragon used in heraldry.
basilisk: Any of the tree-dwelling of lizard of the genus Basiliscus: the basilisk lizard.
basilisk: A type of large brass cannon.
fenestra: An opening in a body, sometimes with a membrane.
neighbor: US standard spelling of neighbour.
penchant: Taste, liking, or inclination (for).
penchant: A card game resembling bezique.
penchant: In the game of penchant, any queen and jack of different suits held at the same time.
hiccough: Alternative spelling of hiccup
lion cub: A young lion
biannual: Something occurring twice each year.
aquarium: A tank, often made of glass, for keeping live fish or other aquatic animals.
aquarium: A public place where live fish and other aquatic animals are exhibited.
douzaine: A parish council, consisting of a dean and twelve douzeniers.
succubus: A female demon which comes to men, especially monks, in their dreams to seduce them and have sexual intercourse, drawing energy from the men to sustain themselves, often until the point of exhaustion or death.
succubus: A strumpet, whore or prostitute.
allegory: A narrative in which a character, place, or event is used to deliver a broader message about real-world issues and occurrences.
allegory: A picture, book, or other form of communication using such representation.
allegory: A symbolic representation which can be interpreted to reveal a hidden meaning, usually a moral or political one.
allegory: A category that retains some of the structure of the category of binary relations between sets, representing a high-level generalisation of that category.
apologue: A short story with a moral, often involving talking animals or objects; a fable.
apologue: The use of fable to persuade the audience.
replevin: An action to recover personal property unlawfully taken, especially that seized by way of distraint; the writ or procedure of such action.
vacation: Freedom from some business or activity.
vacation: Free time given over to a specific purpose; occupation, activity.
vacation: A period during which official activity or business is formally suspended; an official holiday from university, law courts etc.
vacation: A holiday; a stretch of leisure time away from work or duty and devoted to rest or pleasure.
vacation: An extended period of time away from work or school.
vacation: The act of vacating something; moving out.
vacation: The act of making legally void.
abetting: The act of one who abets.
delicate: A delicate item of clothing, especially underwear or lingerie.
delicate: A choice dainty; a delicacy.
delicate: A delicate, luxurious, or effeminate person.
delicate: A moth, Mythimna vitellina
Tar Heel: Synonym of North Carolinian.
Tar Heel: A person associated with or supportive of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
opposite: Something opposite or contrary to something else.
opposite: A person or thing that is entirely different from or the reverse of someone or something else; used to show contrast between two people or two things.
opposite: An opponent.
opposite: An antonym.
opposite: An additive inverse.
decision: The act of deciding.
decision: A choice or judgement.
decision: Firmness of conviction.
decision: A result arrived at by the judges when there is no clear winner at the end of the contest.
decision: A win or a loss awarded to a pitcher.
carriage: The act of conveying; carrying.
carriage: Means of conveyance.
carriage: A (mostly four-wheeled) lighter vehicle chiefly designed to transport people, generally drawn by horse power.
carriage: A railroad car
carriage: The manner or posture in which one holds or positions a body part, such as one's arm or head.
carriage: A manner of walking and moving in general; how one carries oneself, bearing, gait.
carriage: One's behaviour, or way of conducting oneself towards others.
carriage: The part of a typewriter supporting the paper.
carriage: A shopping cart.
carriage: A stroller; a baby carriage.
carriage: The charge made for conveying (especially in the phrases carriage forward, when the charge is to be paid by the receiver, and carriage paid).
carriage: That which is carried, baggage
wolfling: A wolf cub.
baluster: A short column used in a group to support a rail, as commonly found on the side of a stairway; a banister. [from c.]
baluster: A short column used in a group to support a rail, as commonly found on the side of a stairway; a banister.
endeavor: A sincere attempt; a determined or assiduous effort towards a specific goal; assiduous or persistent activity.
membrane: A flexible enclosing or separating tissue forming a plane or film and separating two environments.
membrane: A mechanical, thin, flat flexible part that can deform or vibrate when excited by an external force.
membrane: A flexible enclosing or separating tissue forming a plane or film and separating two environments.
membrane: A flexible or semiflexible covering or waterproofing whose primary function is to exclude water.
membrane: A flexible enclosing or separating tissue forming a plane or film and separating two environments.
membrane: A microscopic double layer of lipids and proteins forming the boundary of cells or organelles.
membrane: A piece of parchment forming part of a roll.
headache: A pain or ache in the head.
headache: A nuisance or unpleasant problem.
wolf cub: A young wolf.
she-wolf: A female wolf.
she-wolf: A predatory woman.
diagonal: A line joining non-adjacent vertices of a polygon.
diagonal: Anything forming or resembling such a line
diagonal: A line or plane at an oblique angle to another.
diagonal: Anything forming or resembling such a line
diagonal: A line or cut across a fabric at an oblique angle to its sides.
diagonal: Anything forming or resembling such a line
diagonal: Synonym of slash ⟨/⟩.
bacalhau: Dried salted cod.
criteria: A single criterion.
location: A particular point or place in physical space.
location: An act of locating.
location: An apartheid-era urban area populated by non-white people; township.
location: A leasing on rent.
location: A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a person, for hire.
location: The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an entry, plan, map, etc
location: An administrative region in Kenya, below counties and subcounties, and further divided into sublocations.
assuming: An assumption.
squeegee: A tool consisting of a rubber or similar blade attached at a right angle to a handle, particularly
squeegee: A long-handled tool used on ships for swabbing the decks and spreading protective coatings.
squeegee: A tool consisting of a rubber or similar blade attached at a right angle to a handle, particularly
squeegee: Similar long-handled tools used for drying or leveling surfaces such as paths and roadways.
squeegee: A tool consisting of a rubber or similar blade attached at a right angle to a handle, particularly
squeegee: A short-handled tool, especially as used on car windshields and home windows.
squeegee: A roller used to similar effect, particularly
squeegee: A tool used to remove excess moisture from a print.
squeegee: A roller used to similar effect, particularly
squeegee: A street-cleaning machine consisting of a roller made of squeegee blades pulled by a horse.
squeegee: A roller used to similar effect, particularly
squeegee: A tool used to force the ink through the stencil in silk-screen printing.
squeegee: A person who uses a squeegee, especially one who "cleans" the windshield of a car stopped at a traffic light and then demands payment.
admiring: admiration
adhesive: a substance, such as glue, that provides or promotes adhesion
trecento: The fourteenth century AD; particularly, the style of Italian art associated with the 1300s
advising: Advice.
scrabble: A scramble.
swimming: The act or art of sustaining and propelling the body in water.
swimming: The state of being dizzy or in vertigo.
phishing: The malicious act of keeping a false website or sending a false e-mail with the intent of masquerading as a trustworthy entity in order to acquire sensitive information, such as usernames, passwords, and credit card details.
phishing: The act of circumventing security with an alias.
theology: The study of God, a god, or gods; and of the truthfulness of religion in general.
theology: Synonym of religious studies
theology: An organized method of interpreting spiritual works and beliefs into practical form.
theology: A particular belief within a religion.
theology: Subjective marginal details.
definite: A word or phrase that designates a specified or identified person or entity.
definite: Anything that is defined or determined.
mackerel: Certain smaller edible fish, principally true mackerel and Spanish mackerel in family Scombridae, often speckled,
mackerel: Certain smaller edible fish, principally true mackerel and Spanish mackerel in family Scombridae, often speckled,
mackerel: typically Scomber scombrus in the British isles.
mackerel: A true mackerel, any fish of tribe Scombrini (Scomber spp., Rastrelliger spp.)
mackerel: Certain other similar small fish in families Carangidae, Gempylidae, and Hexagrammidae.
mackerel: A pimp; also, a bawd.
passport: An official document normally used for international journeys, which proves the identity and nationality of the person for whom it was issued.
passport: Any document that allows entry or passage.
passport: Something which enables someone to do or achieve something.
eutectic: A material that has the composition of a eutectic mixture or eutectic alloy.
eutectic: The temperature of the eutectic point.
marauder: Someone who moves about in roving fashion looking for plunder.
marauder: Any person who or thing which marauds.
keepsake: Some object given by a person and retained in memory of something or someone; something kept for sentimental or nostalgic reasons.
keepsake: Specifically, a type of literary album popular in the nineteenth-century, containing scraps of poetry and prose, and engravings.
adjacent: Something that lies next to something else, especially the side of a right triangle that is neither the hypotenuse nor the opposite.
affluent: Somebody who is wealthy.
affluent: A stream or river flowing into a larger river or into a lake; a tributary stream; a tributary.
apiarist: beekeeper
marriage: The state of being married.
marriage: A union of two or more people that creates a family tie and carries legal, social, and/or religious rights and responsibilities.
marriage: The union of only two people, to the exclusion of all others.
marriage: A union of two or more people that creates a family tie and carries legal, social, and/or religious rights and responsibilities.
marriage: The union of two people of opposite sex, to the exclusion of all others.
marriage: A union of two or more people that creates a family tie and carries legal, social, and/or religious rights and responsibilities.
marriage: A wedding; a ceremony in which people wed.
marriage: A close union.
marriage: A joining of two parts.
marriage: A king and a queen, when held as a hand in some versions of poker or melded in pinochle.
marriage: In solitaire or patience games, the placing a card of the same suit on the next one above or below it in value.
marriage: A homosexual relationship between male prisoners.
Buddhism: The religion or philosophy derived from the teachings of Gautama Buddha.
moccasin: A traditional Native North American shoe, usually without a heel or sole, made of a piece of deerskin or other soft leather turned up at the edges which are either stitched together at the top of the shoe, or sewn to a vamp (a piece covering the top of the foot).
moccasin: A modern shoe with either a low or no heel resembling a traditional Native American moccasin in that the leather forming the sides of the shoe is stitched at the top.
moccasin: A light beige colour, like that of a moccasin.
moccasin: Any of several North American snakes of the genus Agkistrodon, particularly the copperhead (Agkistrodon contortrix) and the cottonmouth or water moccasin (Agkistrodon piscivorus).
saboteur: A person who intentionally causes the destruction of property in order to hinder the efforts of their enemy.
alienist: An expert in mental illness, especially with reference to legal ramifications.
alienist: A psychiatrist
marigold: Any of the Old World plants, of the genus Calendula, with orange, yellow or reddish flowers.
marigold: Any of the New World plants, of the genus Tagetes, with orange, yellow or reddish flowers.
marigold: A million pounds sterling.
marigold: Alternative form of Marigold (rubber glove for cleaning)
alluring: The action of the verb allure.
impeller: Something which or someone who impels.
impeller: A rotating component that accelerates fluid outward from a center of rotation, found in devices such as pumps, water jets, washing machines, and agitated tanks.
tangible: A physical object; something that can be touched.
tangible: Real or concrete results.
maneuver: The planned movement of troops, vehicles etc.; a strategic repositioning; (later also) a large training field-exercise of fighting units.
maneuver: Any strategic or cunning action; a stratagem.
maneuver: A movement of the body, or with an implement, instrument etc., especially one performed with skill or dexterity.
maneuver: A specific medical or surgical movement, often eponymous, done with the doctor's hands or surgical instruments.
maneuver: A controlled (especially skillful) movement taken while steering a vehicle.
horology: The study of time, particularly
horology: The art, science, and technology of making and maintaining timekeeping devices such as clocks, watches and sundials.
horology: The study of time, particularly
horology: The book of the offices for the canonical hours.
allusion: An indirect reference; a hint; a reference to something supposed to be known, but not explicitly mentioned.
Chamorro: An indigenous native islander of the Mariana Islands consisting of Guam and Northern Mariana Islands of Saipan, Rota, and Tinian.
mattress: A pad on which a person can recline and sleep, usually having an inner section of coiled springs covered with foam or other cushioning material then enclosed with cloth fabric.
mattress: A form of retaining wall used to support foundations or an embankment
mattress: A form of lagging, in particular for boilers.
stuffing: The matter used to stuff hollow objects such as pillows and saddles.
stuffing: Any of many food items used to stuff another.
stuffing: The act of stuffing something with another
stuffing: A mixture of oil and tallow used in softening and dressing leather.
stuffing: Severe defeat
stuffing: The insertion of many copies of a word into a web page in an attempt to increase its search engine ranking.
stuffing: A tax loophole whereby a corporation acquires property that will result in a loss of revenue, purely in order to reduce its tax liability.
Buddhist: A practitioner of the religion and philosophy of Buddhism.
Buddhist: A follower of the Indian religious and spiritual teacher, Buddha.
alkaloid: Any of many organic (often heterocyclic) bases that occur in nature and often have medicinal properties.
valuable: A personal possession such as jewellery, of relatively great monetary value.
Asturian: A native of Asturias in northern Spain.
ambition: Eager or inordinate desire for some object that confers distinction, as preferment, honor, superiority, political power, or fame; desire to distinguish one's self from other people.
ambition: An object of an ardent desire.
ambition: A desire, as in (sense 1), for another person to achieve these things.
ambition: A personal quality similar to motivation, not necessarily tied to a single goal.
ambition: The act of going about to solicit or obtain an office, or any other object of desire; canvassing.
sabotage: A deliberate action aimed at weakening someone (or something, a nation, etc) or preventing them from being successful, through subversion, obstruction, disruption, and/or destruction.
interval: A distance in space.
interval: A period of time.
interval: The difference (a ratio or logarithmic measure) in pitch between two notes, often referring to those two pitches themselves (otherwise known as a dyad).
interval: A connected section of the real line which may be empty or have a length of zero.
interval: An intermission.
interval: half time, a scheduled intermission between the periods of play
interval: Either of the two breaks, at lunch and tea, between the three sessions of a day's play
alliance: The state of being allied.
alliance: The act of allying or uniting.
alliance: A union or connection of interests between families, states, parties, etc., especially between families by marriage and states by compact, treaty, or league.
alliance: Any union resembling that of families or states; union by relationship in qualities; affinity.
alliance: The persons or parties allied.
alliance: Marriage.
carillon: A set of bells, often in a bell tower, sometimes operated by means of a keyboard (manual or pedal), originating from the Low Countries.
carillon: A tune adapted to be played by musical bells.
anteroom: A room before, or forming an entrance to, another; a waiting room.
ancestry: The state of being ancestors
ancestry: birth to a noble or high-ranking family, or to someone of honorable descent.
ancestry: A series of ancestors; the people from whom one is descended
yin-yang: Yin and yang.
yin-yang: A circular symbol with white and black sections (☯), representing the fusion of the concepts of yin and yang.
yin-yang: The vulva or vagina.
yin-yang: The anus or rectum.
genotype: The part (DNA sequence) of the genetic makeup of an organism which determines a specific characteristic (phenotype) of that organism.
genotype: A group of organisms having the same genetic constitution.
genotype: The type species of a genus; generitype.
katakana: A Japanese syllabary used when writing words borrowed from foreign languages other than Chinese, specific names of plants and animals and other jargon, onomatopoeia, or to emphasize a word or phrase. Also used to write the Ainu language.
katakana: A character thereof.
Tahitian: A native or inhabitant of Tahiti.
Tahitian: A person from Tahiti or of Tahitian descent.
cytosine: A heterocyclic base, 4-aminopyrimidin-2(1H)-one, which pairs with guanine in DNA and RNA (by means of three hydrogen bonds).
duration: An amount of time or a particular time interval.
duration: The time taken for the current situation to end, especially the current war
duration: A measure of the sensitivity of the price of a financial asset to changes in interest rates, computed for a simple bond as a weighted average of the maturities of the interest and principal payments associated with it.
Scottish: the people of Scotland.
Scottish: short for Scottish English, the varieties of English spoken in Scotland.
Scottish: short for Scottish Gaelic.
absentia: absence
Anglican: a member of an Anglican church
regicide: The killing of a king.
regicide: One who kills a king.
dulcimer: A stringed instrument, with strings stretched across a sounding board, usually trapezoidal, played by plucking on the strings (traditionally with a quill) or by tapping on them (in the case of the hammer dulcimers).
symmetry: Exact correspondence on either side of a dividing line, plane, center or axis.
symmetry: The satisfying arrangement of a balanced distribution of the elements of a whole.
antidote: A remedy to counteract the effects of poison.
antidote: Something that counteracts or prevents something harmful.
annoying: That which annoys; an annoyance.
teenager: A person between 13 and 19 years old.
Aquarius: Someone with an Aquarius star sign
agnostic: A person who holds to a form of agnosticism, especially uncertainty of the existence of a deity.
ancestor: One from whom a person is descended, whether on the father's or mother's side, at any distance of time; a progenitor; a forefather.
ancestor: An earlier type; a progenitor
ancestor: One from whom an estate has descended;—the correlative of heir.
ancestor: One who had the same role or function in former times.
ancestor: A word or phrase which serves as the origin of a term in another language.
flamenco: A genre of folk music and dance native to Andalusia, in Spain.
flamenco: A song or dance performed in such a style.
trimaran: A type of boat with three parallel hulls.
aperture: A small or narrow opening, gap, slit, or hole.
aperture: A hole which restricts the diameter of the lightpath through one plane in an optical system.
aperture: A hole which restricts the diameter of the lightpath through one plane in an optical system.
aperture: The diameter of such a hole which restricts the width of the lightpath through the whole system. For a telescope, this is the diameter of the objective lens.
aperture: The (typically) large-diameter antenna used for receiving and transmitting radio frequency energy containing the data used in communication satellites, especially in the geostationary belt. For a comsat, this is typically a large reflective dish antenna; sometimes called an array.
aperture: The maximum angle between the two generatrices.
anything: Someone or something of importance.
Arminian: A person who follows the soteriological doctrine of the Dutch theologian Jacobus Arminius that people are able to choose to resist or accept divine grace and therefore faith and salvation through free will.
rounders: A team sport played with bat and ball with one fielding side and one batting side. It is similar to softball and baseball.
ornament: An element of decoration; that which embellishes or adorns.
ornament: A Christmas tree decoration.
ornament: A musical flourish that is unnecessary to the overall melodic or harmonic line, but serves to decorate that line.
ornament: The articles used in church services.
ornament: A characteristic that has a decorative function (typically in order to attract a mate)
register: A formal recording of names, events, transactions, etc.
register: A book of such entries.
register: An entry in such a book.
register: The act of registering.
register: A certificate issued by the collector of customs of a port or district to the owner of a vessel, containing the description of a vessel, its name, ownership, and other material facts. It is kept on board the vessel, to be used as evidence of nationality or as a muniment of title.
register: One who registers or records; a registrar; especially, a public officer charged with the duty of recording certain transactions or events.
register: A distinct horizontal (or, more rarely, vertical) section of a work of art or inscription that is divided into several such sections.
register: A device that automatically records a quantity.
register: The part of a telegraphic apparatus that automatically records the message received.
register: A list of received calls in a phone set.
register: A small unit of very fast memory that is directly accessible to the central processing unit, and is mostly used to store inputs, outputs, or intermediate results of computations.
register: The exact alignment of lines, margins, and colors.
register: The inner part of the mould in which types are cast.
register: The range of a voice or instrument.
register: An organ stop.
register: A style of a language used in a particular context.
register: A grille at the outflow of a ventilation duct, capable of being opened and closed to direct the air flow.
register: Clipping of cash register.
nerf bar: A tubular bumper running below the doors along the side of four-wheeled vehicle, in place of a running board.
apoplexy: Unconsciousness or incapacity resulting from a cerebral hemorrhage or stroke.
apoplexy: Unconsciousness or incapacity resulting from a cerebral hemorrhage or stroke.
apoplexy: Gross hemorrhage into a cavity or into the substance of an organ.
apoplexy: A state of intense and almost uncontrollable anger.
nerf net: A net running between a nerf bar on a vehicle and the vehicle itself, in order to prevent the driver's leg getting caught between the two.
softball: A game similar to baseball but played with a larger and softer ball which can be thrown overhand or underhand.
softball: The ball used to play the sport.
softball: A question designed to be easy to answer.
pleonasm: Redundancy in wording.
pleonasm: A phrase involving pleonasm; a phrase containing one or more words which are redundant because their meaning is expressed elsewhere in the phrase.
evensong: A religious service, most commonly seen in the Anglican or Episcopal Church, that takes place in the early hours of the evening; originally, and sometimes still, an alternative name for vespers or a service combining vespers and compline.
antitype: Something that is symbolized or represented by a type, such as Christ by the Paschal Lamb; the fulfillment of a type.
antitype: A type that represents the opposite or antagonist of another type.
plethora: An excessive amount or number; an abundance.
plethora: Excess of blood in the skin, especially in the face and especially chronically.
thrombus: A blood clot formed from platelets and other elements that forms in a blood vessel in a living organism, and causes thrombosis or obstruction of the vessel at its point of formation or travel to other areas of the body.
variable: Something that is variable.
variable: Something whose value may be dictated or discovered.
variable: A quantity that may assume any one of a set of values.
variable: A symbol representing a variable.
variable: A named memory location in which a program can store intermediate results and from which it can read them.
variable: A variable star.
variable: A shifting wind, or one that varies in force.
variable: Those parts of the sea where a steady wind is not expected, especially the parts between the trade-wind belts.
applause: The act of applauding; approbation and praise publicly expressed by the clapping of hands, stamping or tapping of the feet, acclamation, huzzas, or other means; marked commendation.
petagram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10¹⁵ grams. Symbol: Pg
petagram: Sometimes used in Carbon Dioxide numbers, it is equivalent to Metric Gigatons (Giga) 10⁹ x (Ton) 10³ x (kg) 10³ = 10¹⁵
gigagram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10⁹ grams. Symbol: Gg
appetite: Desire to eat food or consume drink.
appetite: Any strong desire; an eagerness or longing.
appetite: The desire for some personal gratification, either of the body or of the mind.
teragram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10¹² grams. Symbol: Tg
attogram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10⁻¹⁸ grams. Symbol: ag
nanogram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10⁻⁹ grams. Symbol: ng
picogram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10⁻¹² grams. Symbol: pg
shilling: A coin formerly used in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Malta, Australia, New Zealand and many other Commonwealth countries worth twelve old pence, or one twentieth of a pound sterling.
shilling: The currency of Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.
shilling: A currency in the United States, differing in value between states.
shilling: The Spanish real, formerly having the value of one eighth of a dollar.
baseball: A sport common in North America, the Caribbean, and Japan, in which the object is to strike a ball so that one of a nine-person team can run counter-clockwise among four bases, resulting in the scoring of a run. The team with the most runs after termination of play, usually nine innings, wins.
baseball: The ball used to play the sport of baseball.
baseball: A variant of poker in which cards with baseball-related values have special significance.
executor: A person who carries out some task.
executor: A component of a system that executes or runs something.
executor: Someone appointed by a testator to administer their estate in accordance with their will; an administrator.
executor: An executioner.
crucifix: A wooden cross used for crucifixions, as by the Romans.
crucifix: An ornamental or symbolic sculptural representation of Christ on a cross, often worn as a pendant or displayed in a Christian church.
crucifix: The iron cross, a position on the rings where the gymnast holds the rings straight out on either side of the body.
megagram: An SI unit of mass equal to 10⁶ grams. Symbol: Mg
anal sex: A sexual activity involving stimulation of a sexual partner's anus and/or rectum, especially by penetration.
sturgeon: Any marine or freshwater fish of the family Acipenseridae that are prized for their roe and are endemic to temperate seas and rivers of the northern hemisphere, especially central Eurasia.
castello: A municipality of San Marino.
frogging: A set of decorative looped fastener on a garment, especially on a military uniform.
pit stop: A stop made during an automobile race at the pit to refuel and perform other periodic maintenance on the vehicle.
pit stop: A brief stop for fuel, rest and/or refreshment during an automobile journey.
pit stop: A stop during any pedestrian or automobile travel for any utilitarian personal purpose, especially use of a bathroom.
pit stop: A place that offers food, beverages, and other goods and services for those stopping on an automobile journey.
pit stop: A utilitarian stop on a figurative journey.
tetragon: Quadrilateral.
tetragon: An aspect of two planets with regard to the Earth when they are distant from each other ninety degrees, or a quarter-circle.
crescent: The figure of the moon as it appears between its first or last quarter and the new moon, with concave and convex edges terminating in points.
crescent: Something shaped like a crescent, especially:
crescent: A curved pastry.
crescent: Something shaped like a crescent, especially:
crescent: A curved street, often presenting a continuous façade, as of row houses.
crescent: Something shaped like a crescent, especially:
crescent: A representation of a crescent, used as a symbol of Islam.
crescent: Something shaped like a crescent, especially:
crescent: The emblem of the waxing moon with horns directed upward, when used in a coat of arms; often used as a mark of cadency to distinguish a second son and his descendants.
crescent: A crescent spanner.
crescent: Any of three orders of knighthood conferred upon foreigners to whom Turkey might be indebted for valuable services.
crescent: A crescentspot butterfly.
crotchet: A musical note one beat long in 4/4 time.
crotchet: A sharp curve or crook; a shape resembling a hook
crotchet: A hook-shaped instrument, especially as used in obstetric surgery.
crotchet: A whim or a fancy.
crotchet: A forked support; a crotch.
crotchet: An indentation in the glacis of the covered way, at a point where a traverse is placed.
crotchet: The arrangement of a body of troops, either forward or rearward, so as to form a line nearly perpendicular to the general line of battle.
crotchet: A square bracket.
delicacy: The quality of being delicate.
delicacy: Something appealing, usually a pleasing food, especially a choice dish of a certain culture suggesting rarity and refinement.
delicacy: Fineness or elegance of construction or appearance.
delicacy: Frailty of health or fitness.
delicacy: Refinement in taste or discrimination.
delicacy: Tact and propriety; the need for such tact.
imperial: A bottle of wine (usually Bordeaux) containing 6 liters of fluid, eight times the volume of a standard bottle.
imperial: A writing paper size measuring 30 × 22 inches, or printing paper measuring 32 × 22 inches.
imperial: A card game differing from piquet in some minor details, and in having a trump.
imperial: Any of several combinations of cards which score in this game.
imperial: A crown imperial.
imperial: A tuft of hair on the lower lip (so called from its use by Napoleon III).
imperial: A kind of dome, as in Moorish buildings.
imperial: An outside or roof seat on a diligence or carriage.
imperial: A suitcase or trunk designed to be transported on the roof of a carriage.
imperial: A variety of green tea.
exchange: An act of exchanging or trading.
exchange: A place for conducting trading.
exchange: A telephone exchange.
exchange: The fourth through sixth digits of a ten-digit phone number (the first three before the introduction of area codes).
exchange: A conversation.
exchange: The loss of one piece and associated capture of another.
exchange: The loss of one piece and associated capture of another.
exchange: The loss of a minor piece (typically a bishop or knight) and associated capture of the more advantageous rook.
exchange: The thing given or received in return; especially, a publication exchanged for another.
exchange: The transfer of substances or elements like gas, amino-acids, ions etc. sometimes through a surface like a membrane.
exchange: The difference between the values of money in different places.
exchange: Clipping of exchange of contracts.
possible: A possible choice, notably someone being considered for a position.
possible: That which is possible for somebody.
possible: A particular event that may happen.
orbifold: A topological space in which every small enough neighborhood is homeomorphic to a quotient of real space by the action of a finite group.
bar code: Alternative spelling of barcode
cucumber: A vine in the gourd family, Cucumis sativus.
cucumber: The edible fruit of this plant, having a green rind and crisp white flesh.
cucumber: A person who is calm and self-possessed.
bisexual: A person who is bisexual.
bisexual: A plant or fungus, or part thereof, which is bisexual.
bisexual: An organism (that is, a species) which has male and female sexes.
millibar: A non-SI unit of pressure equal to 100 pascals, used primarily to report atmospheric pressure.
ice cube: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see ice, cube.
ice cube: Any small piece of ice used for cooling drinks, larger than crushed ice, regardless of their shape.
waitress: A female attendant who serves customers in a restaurant, café, or similar.
sailboat: A boat propelled by a sail.
sailboat: A playing card with the rank of four.
taxation: The act of imposing taxes and the fact of being taxed.
taxation: A particular system of taxing people or companies
taxation: The revenue gained from taxes
boob job: A breast augmentation (or, less commonly, a breast reduction).
boob job: An act of mammary intercourse.
identity: Sameness, identicalness; the quality or fact of (several specified things) being the same.
identity: The difference or character that marks off an individual or collective from the rest of the same kind; selfhood; the sense of who something or someone or oneself is, or the recurring characteristics that enable the recognition of such an individual or group by others or themselves.
identity: A name or persona—a mask or appearance one presents to the world—by which one is known.
identity: An equation which always holds true regardless of the choice of input variables.
identity: Any function which maps all elements of its domain to themselves.
identity: An element of an algebraic structure which, when applied to another element under an operation in that structure, yields this second element.
identity: A well-known or famous person.
souvlaki: A Greek fast food consisting of pieces of meat and sometimes vegetables grilled on a skewer, variously also called kalamaki or kebab or, in sandwich form, gyro or shawarma.
souvlaki: A wrapped pancake dish filled with meat, salad and some kind of sauce or dressing, commonly called a kebab.
inductor: A passive device that introduces inductance into an electrical circuit.
inductor: An evocator or an organizer.
inductor: One who, or that which, inducts.
teaspoon: A small spoon used to stir the contents of a cup or glass.
teaspoon: A unit of measure, equivalent to one-third of a tablespoon or roughly five milliliters.
junction: The act of joining, or the state of being joined.
junction: A place where two things meet, especially where two roads meet.
junction: A place where two or more railways or railroads meet.
junction: The boundary between two physically different materials, especially between conductors, semiconductors, or metals.
junction: The place where a distributary departs from the main stream.
junction: A point in time between two unrelated consecutive broadcasts.
junction: A kind of symbolic link to a directory.
junction: In the Raku programming language, a construct representing a composite of several values connected by an operator.
junction: electrical junction: a point or area where multiple conductors or semiconductors make physical contact.
starring: The action of the verb to star.
vagabond: A person on a trip of indeterminate destination and/or length of time.
vagabond: One who usually wanders from place to place, having no fixed dwelling, or not abiding in it, and usually without the means of honest livelihood.
shawarma: A Middle Eastern sandwich-like wrap of shaved lamb, goat, chicken, turkey, beef, or a mixture of these.
cesarean: Alternative letter-case form of Cesarean.
shepherd: A person who tends sheep, especially a grazing flock.
shepherd: A person who tends sheep, especially a grazing flock.
shepherd: A male sheep tender
shepherd: Someone who watches over, looks after, or guides somebody.
shepherd: Someone who watches over, looks after, or guides somebody.
shepherd: A male watcher/guardian/guider/leader
shepherd: The pastor of a church; one who guides others in religion.
shepherd: The pastor of a church; one who guides others in religion.
shepherd: A male pastor
shepherd: A swain; a rustic male lover.
shepherd: A German Shepherd.
forehead: The part of the face above the eyebrows and below the hairline.
forehead: confidence; audacity; impudence.
forehead: The upper part of a mobile phone, above the screen.
New Year: A period covering the first few days of a calendar year.
New Year: In particular, January 1 in the Julian and Gregorian calendar (New Year’s Day) and the days following.
rosemary: A shrub, Salvia rosmarinus (formerly Rosmarinus officinalis), that originates from Europe and Asia Minor and produces a fragrant herb used in cooking and perfumes.
spyglass: A small portable telescope.
spyglass: A pair of binoculars.
shitload: A large amount.
treasury: A place where treasure is stored safely.
treasury: A place where state or royal money and valuables are stored.
treasury: Ellipsis of treasury department.
treasury: A collection of artistic or literary works.
treasury: A treasure.
fletcher: One who fletches or feathers arrows.
fletcher: A device to assist in fletching or feathering arrows.
fletcher: Generally, a manufacturer of bows and arrows.
dinheiro: A coin used from the 12th to the 15th century in Portugal.
trichord: any set of three different pitch classes
trichord: A musical instrument with three strings, such as a lyre or harp.
infinite: Something that is infinite in nature.
infinite: A combo that can be used repeatedly without interruption.
gameplay: The totality of player experiences during a game, such as the gaming environment and the competitive interaction with other players; often with reference to a video game.
crossbow: A mechanised weapon, based on the bow and arrow, that shoots bolts.
crossbow: A portable ballista that can be held in the hand.
villager: A person who lives in, or comes from, a village.
villager: A worker unit.
outhouse: An outbuilding, typically permanent, containing a toilet or seat over a cesspit.
outhouse: Any outbuilding: any small structure located apart from a main building.
dystopia: A vision of a future that is a corrupted (usually beyond recognition) utopian society.
dystopia: A miserable, dysfunctional state or society that has a very poor standard of living.
dystopia: Anatomical tissue that is not found in its usual place.
rutabaga: The swede, or Swedish turnip; the European plant Brassica napus var. napobrassica
rutabaga: The edible root of this plant
ontogeny: Synonym of ontogenesis
alleluia: A liturgical form of hallelujah.
alleluia: A choral composition incorporating alleluia in its text.
alleluia: The plant wood sorrel.
novelist: An author of novels.
novelist: An innovator; one who introduces something new; one who favours novelty.
hiragana: The main syllabary for the Japanese language, used to represent native Japanese words, including particles, and when kanji is used, to represent verb and adjective endings.
hiragana: A letter of this syllabary.
boy band: A pop group whose members are all (usually attractive) young men.
arsehole: (Britain, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, Canada (regional), mildly vulgar) The anus.
arsehole: The anus.
arsehole: An inconsiderate or mean-spirited person. Less vulgar and intense than fucker or cunt.
arsehole: A variant of the card game big two.
arsehole: Alternative form of asshole (“anything unpleasant or undesirable”)
busybody: Someone who interferes with others; one who is nosy, intrusive or meddlesome.
busybody: A device consisting of three mirrors that, when attached to the wall of a house, allows an occupant to see who is at the front door without a direct line of sight.
moderato: A tempo mark directing that a passage is to be played at a moderate tempo.
moderato: A passage having this mark
pop tart: A toaster pastry.
pop tart: A female pop music performer famed more for her sexuality than for her music.
jailbait: A sexually mature person below, or appearing to be below, the legal age of consent, who is regarded, usually by an adult, as being sexually attractive and/or seductive.
soda pop: Any of several sweetened, carbonated beverages.
bareback: A bird, raised for meat, that lacks feathers, seen as an undesirable trait.
treasure: A collection of valuable things; accumulated wealth; a stock of money, jewels, etc.
treasure: Anything greatly valued.
treasure: A term of endearment.
rheology: The branch of physics that studies the deformation and flow of matter.
snailery: A place where snails are bred or kept.
acierage: The process of electroplating a copper engraving with iron or steel.
filtride: The substance which remains on the filter after the filtrate passes through it.
felicity: Happiness; (countable) an instance of this.
felicity: An apt and pleasing style in speech, writing, etc.; (countable) an apt and pleasing choice of words.
felicity: Good luck; success; (countable) An instance of unexpected good luck; a stroke of luck; also, a lucky characteristic.
felicity: Reproduction of a sign with fidelity.
felicity: Something that is either a source of happiness or particularly apt.
acquirer: One who acquires.
acquirer: A bank or financial institution that processes credit card or debit card payments on behalf of a merchant.
staccato: An articulation marking directing that a note or passage of notes are to be played in an abruptly disconnected manner, with each note sounding for a very short duration, and a short break lasting until the sounding of the next note; as opposed to legato. Staccato is indicated by a dot directly above or below the notehead.
staccato: A passage having this mark.
staccato: Any sound resembling a musical staccato.
exemplum: An example.
exemplum: A story demonstrating a moral point; a parable.
filtrate: The liquid or solution that has passed through a filter, and which has been separated from the filtride / filtrand
adenitis: Glandular inflammation.
dynamics: The branch of mechanics that is concerned with the effects of forces on the motion of objects.
quixotic: A quixotic person or sentiment.
Islamist: A Muslim.
Islamist: A scholastic Muslim who specializes in Muslim academics.
Islamist: A Muslim who espouses Islamic fundamentalist beliefs.
Hogmanay: New Year's Eve.
Hogmanay: A celebration or gift for New Year's Eve.
potsherd: A piece of ceramic from pottery, often found on an archaeological site.
addendum: Something to be added; especially text added as an appendix or supplement to a document.
addendum: A postscript.
addendum: The height by which the tooth of a gear projects beyond (outside for external, or inside for internal) the standard pitch circle or pitch line.
adductor: A muscle which draws a limb or part of the body toward the middle line of the body, or closes extended parts of the body; -- opposed to abductor
pontifex: A pontiff, or high priest, in Ancient Rome.
mojibake: Corrupt characters or letters, especially from display or transfer through an inappropriate character set or encoding.
moneyboy: A rentboy; a (usually young) male who earns money by offering sexual services.
Jim Crow: A World War II code name for patrols along the British coastline to intercept enemy aircraft, originally intended to warn of invasion in 1940.
Jim Crow: A double-action planing tool invented by Joseph Whitworth, in which the blade ‘jumps’ to face the other way on the back-stroke.
Jim Crow: A tool for bending railway rails, by holding the rail with two arms and pushing a screw into the other side.
agiotage: Stock exchange business; especially, stockjobbing, manipulation of securities prices.
approach: An act of drawing near in place or time; an advancing or coming near.
approach: An act of coming near in character or value; an approximation.
approach: An avenue, passage, or way by which a building or place can be approached; an access.
approach: An avenue, passage, or way by which a building or place can be approached; an access.
approach: A path taken to reach the climbing area, for example, from a car park, road, etc.
approach: A manner of making (a policy) or solving (a problem, etc.).
approach: An opportunity of drawing near; access.
approach: The way an aircraft comes in to land at an airport.
approach: The way an aircraft comes in to land at an airport.
approach: A specific procedure used for approaching and landing at an airport.
approach: The area before the lane in which a bowler may stand or run up before bowling the ball.
approach: Short for approach shot.
baritone: The male voice between tenor and bass.
baritone: The musical range between tenor and bass.
baritone: A person, instrument, or group that performs in the range between tenor and bass.
baritone: A brass instrument similar to the euphonium, but with a cylindrical bore instead of a conical one; a baritone saxhorn.
baritone: Alternative form of barytone.
try-hard: Alternative spelling of tryhard
Alsatian: A native or inhabitant of Alsace.
Alsatian: A German shepherd dog.
Alsatian: A rogue or debauchee, like those who haunted Alsatia in London.
cynosure: Ursa Minor or Polaris, the North Star, used as a guide by navigators.
cynosure: That which serves to guide or direct; a guiding star.
cynosure: Something that is the center of attention; an object that serves as a focal point of attraction and admiration.
converse: Free verbal interchange of thoughts or views; conversation; chat.
converse: The opposite or reverse.
converse: Of a proposition or theorem consisting of a statement of the form "If A is true, then B is true", the statement "If B is true, then A is true" which need not be equivalent to the first one.
converse: One of a pair of terms that name or describe a relationship from opposite perspectives; converse antonym; relational antonym.
conclave: A closed meeting in which the elector cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church choose a new pope.
conclave: The set of apartments in which the elector cardinals are secluded while a conclave takes place.
conclave: The group of cardinals involved in a conclave.
conclave: A private meeting; a closed or secret assembly.
zucchino: Alternative form of zucchini
monsieur: A man, especially a French gentleman.
ostinato: A piece of melody, a chord progression, or a bass figure that is repeated over and over as a musical accompaniment.
zucchini: A courgette; a variety of squash, Cucurbita pepo, which bears edible fruit.
zucchini: The edible fruit of this variety of squash.
zucchina: Alternative form of zucchini
diabolus: Synonym of tritone
morality: Recognition of the distinction between good and evil or between right and wrong; respect for and obedience to the rules of right conduct; the mental disposition or characteristic of behaving in a manner intended to produce morally good results.
morality: A set of social rules, customs, traditions, beliefs, or practices which specify proper, acceptable forms of conduct.
morality: A set of personal guiding principles for conduct or a general notion of how to behave, whether respectable or not.
morality: A lesson or pronouncement which contains advice about proper behavior.
morality: A morality play.
morality: Moral philosophy, the branch of philosophy which studies the grounds and nature of rightness, wrongness, good, and evil.
morality: A particular theory concerning the grounds and nature of rightness, wrongness, good, and evil.
forebode: prognostication; presage
take off: Alternative form of takeoff
slushbox: An automatic transmission (in reference to the fluid-coupling of the torque converter).
harangue: An impassioned, disputatious public speech.
harangue: A tirade, harsh scolding or rant, whether spoken or written.
nunchaku: A weapon originating from Okinawa, Japan, consisting of two sticks joined by a chain or cord.
nunchaku: The skill of using this weapon in martial arts.
agitator: One who agitates; one who stirs up or excites others, for example political reformers.
agitator: An implement for shaking or mixing.
agitator: One of a body of men appointed by the army, in Oliver Cromwell's time, to look after their interests.
spotface: a shallow machined face, especially a shallow circular or cylindrical recess, machined on (for example) a cast part to offer a flat face against which to seat a fastener (often a shallow counterbore).
analogue: Alternative form of analog
impure s: In Italian, an /s/ followed by another consonant. When used immediately before a masculine noun beginning with an impure s, the definite article changes from il to lo in the singular and from i to gli in the plural, the indefinite article changes from un to uno, the partitive article changes from dei to degli, and some adjectives and pronouns also change form.
impure s: This also happens before words beginning with gn, pn, ps, x, y, and z and before certain words starting with ch that are derived from French.
williwaw: A strong gust of cold wind.
Germanic: A native of Germania.
dragoman: An interpreter, especially for the Arabic and Turkish languages.
cataract: A waterspout.
cataract: A large waterfall; steep rapids in a river.
cataract: A flood of water.
cataract: An overwhelming downpour or rush.
cataract: A clouding of the lens in the eye leading to a decrease in vision.
ethereal: Short for ethereal wave (“music genre”).
campfire: A fire at a campground or on a camping trip, often used for cooking, to provide light and heat, to drive away bugs, and as a focal point for sitting around in the evening and talking, telling stories, and singing.
dismount: The act of stepping down from something being ridden, such as a skateboard.
dismount: The part of a routine in which the gymnast detaches from an apparatus.
drunkard: A person who is habitually drunk.
samizdat: The secret copying and sharing of illegal publications, chiefly in the Soviet Union; underground publishing and its publications.
samizdat: A samizdat publication.
erection: The act of building or putting up or together of something.
erection: Anything erected or built.
erection: Formal approval and official establishment of an institution such as a society or a monastery by higher church authorities.
erection: The physiological process by which erectile tissue, such as a penis or clitoris, becomes erect by being engorged with blood.
erection: The state or quality of being erect from engorgement with blood.
erection: A penis or clitoris that is erect.
placenta: An organ in most mammals during gestation that supplies food and oxygen to the foetus and passes back waste. It is on the wall of the uterus and links to the foetus through the umbilical cord. It is expelled after birth.
placenta: In flowering plants, the part of the ovary where ovules develop; in non-flowering plants where the spores develop.
albatros: Obsolete form of albatross.
solitude: Aloneness; the state of being alone, solitary, or by oneself.
solitude: A lonely or deserted place.
clothing: Any of a wide variety of articles, usually made of fabrics, animal hair, animal skin, or some combination thereof, used to cover the human body for warmth, to preserve modesty, or for fashion.
clothing: An act or instance of putting clothes on.
clothing: The art or process of making cloth.
clothing: A covering of non-conducting material on the outside of a boiler, or steam chamber, to prevent radiation of heat.
celibate: One who is not married, especially one who has taken a religious vow not to get married, usually because of being a member of a religious community.
celibate: A celibate state; celibacy.
abductee: An abducted person, in particular a person abducted by aliens.
palisade: A long, strong stake, one end of which is set firmly in the ground, and the other sharpened.
palisade: A wall of wooden stakes, used as a defensive barrier.
palisade: A line of cliffs, especially one showing basaltic columns.
palisade: An even row of cells. e.g.: palisade mesophyll cells.
palpebra: An eyelid.
acardite: n-methyl-n',n'-diphenylurea, used to stabilize chemicals and as a plasticizer.
donation: A voluntary gift or contribution for a specific cause.
donation: The act of giving or bestowing; a grant.
galaxias: Any of the fish of the genus Galaxias.
shoehorn: A smooth tool that assists in putting the foot into a shoe, by sliding the heel in after the toe is in place. This reduces discomfort and damage to the back of the shoe. By slipping it into the back of the shoe behind the heel, the user prevents the heel from squashing down the back of the shoe and causing difficulty; instead the heel slides down the smooth shoehorn, which then comes out easily once the foot is in place.
shoehorn: Anything by which a transaction is facilitated; a medium.
shoehorn: Anything which draws on or allures; an inducement.
acalephe: Alternative form of acaleph
renegade: An outlaw or rebel.
renegade: A disloyal person who betrays or deserts a cause, religion, political party, friend, etc.
theodicy: A justification of a deity or of particular attributes of a deity; specifically, a justification of the existence of evil and suffering in the world; a work or discourse justifying the ways of God.
decimate: A tithe or other 10% tax or payment.
decimate: A tenth of something.
decimate: A set of ten items.
perineum: The region between the human genitalia, especially the scrotum, and anus. The male perineum is between the scrotum and anus. The female perineum is between the vagina and anus.
rapparee: A bandit or brigand.
creature: A living being, such as an animal, monster, or alien.
creature: An unidentified, mysterious, and often monstrous animal or being.
creature: A human.
creature: A created thing, whether animate or inanimate; a creation.
creature: A being subservient to or dependent upon another.
relative: Someone connected by blood, marriage, or adoption; someone in the same family.
relative: Something kindred or related to something else.
relative: A type of adjective that inflects like a relative clause, rather than a true adjective, in certain Bantu languages.
scelerat: A criminal, a villain.
letteral: Obsolete form of literal (“a misprint that affects a letter”).
letteral: The name of a letter, such as gy. for the letter G.
clochard: A beggar or tramp, especially in France.
elective: Something that is an option or may be freely chosen, especially a course of study.
permeate: A watery by-product of milk production.
permeate: Liquid that has passed through a filtration system.
Kashmiri: A native or resident of Kashmir, or a descendant of such a person.
credence: Acceptance of a belief or claim as true, especially on the basis of evidence.
credence: Credential or supporting material for a person or claim.
credence: A small table or credenza used in certain Christian religious services.
credence: A cupboard, sideboard, or cabinet, particularly one intended for the display of rich vessels or plate on open shelves.
credence: A subjective probability estimate of a belief or claim.
manœuvre: Alternative form of manoeuvre
softcore: Pornography that does not contain depictions of explicit sexual penetration.
orangery: A greenhouse in which orange trees are grown.
orangery: A garden or plantation where orange trees are grown.
dracaena: Any of the genus Dracaena of liliaceous plants with woody stems and funnel-shaped flowers.
première: Alternative spelling of premiere.
bludgeon: A short, heavy club, often of wood, which is thicker or loaded at one end.
vocation: An inclination to undertake a certain kind of work, especially a religious career; often in response to a perceived summons; a calling.
vocation: An occupation for which a person is suited, trained or qualified.
premiere: The first showing of a film, play or other form of entertainment, often held as a special event with celebrity guests.
premiere: The first episode of a television show or a particular season of that show.
premiere: In a series of narrative works, the installment that is chronologically set first.
premiere: The leading woman of a group, especially in a theatrical cast.
oral sex: Stimulation of another person's genitals using the mouth.
dieresis: Alternative form of diaeresis
hardcore: Broken bricks, stone and/or other aggregate used as foundations, especially in road and path laying.
hardcore: Several music genres, including:
hardcore: Hardcore punk.
hardcore: Several music genres, including:
hardcore: Gangsta rap.
hardcore: Several music genres, including:
hardcore: Hardcore techno.
hardcore: Several music genres, including:
hardcore: Jungle.
hardcore: Several music genres, including:
hardcore: Outlaw country.
Londoner: A person from, or an inhabitant of, London.
globular: A globular cluster
pisshead: A person who regularly overindulges in alcoholic drink.
cokehead: A cocaine addict.
wormhole: A hole burrowed by a worm.
wormhole: A hypothetical shortcut between two points in spacetime, permitting faster-than-light travel and sometimes time travel.
wormhole: A location in a monitor program containing the address of a routine, allowing the user to substitute different functionality.
dopehead: A person who frequently uses illicit, narcotic, or psychoactive drugs and has a drug addiction.
obtainer: One who obtains.
occision: A killing; the act of killing.
obtunder: That which obtunds or blunts; especially, that which blunts sensibility.
obtunder: An obtundent.
odometry: Measurement of distances by the odometer.
ornithon: An aviary; a poultry house.
wordbook: A dictionary or other reference book that lists words; a lexicon, vocabulary.
wordbook: The libretto of an opera.
olympiad: Alternative letter-case form of Olympiad, q.v.
polytope: A finite region of n-dimensional space bounded by hyperplanes (a geometric shape with flat sides, existing in any number of dimensions); the geometrical entity represented by the general term of the infinite sequence "point, line, polygon, polyhedron, ...".
quotiety: The relation of an object to number.
Tamilian: a person of Tamil ethnicity
quitrent: A rent reserved in grants of land, by the payment of which the tenant is quit (absolved) from other service.
transept: The transversal part of a church, which crosses at right angles to the greatest length, and between the nave and choir. In the basilicas, this had often no projection at its two ends. In Gothic churches these project greatly, and should be called the arms of the transept. It is common, however, to speak of the arms themselves as the transepts.
quixotry: A wild, visionary idea, an eccentric notion or act; a quixotism.
odometer: An instrument, usually embedded within the speedometer of a vehicle, that measures the distance the vehicle has traveled since production.
odometer: A wheel used by surveyors, which registers distance traveled.
position: A place or location.
position: A post of employment; a job.
position: A status or rank.
position: An opinion, stand, or stance.
position: A posture.
position: A situation suitable to perform some action.
position: A place on the playing field, together with a set of duties, assigned to a player.
position: An amount of securities, commodities, or other financial instruments held by a person, firm, or institution.
position: A commitment, or a group of commitments, such as options or futures, to buy or sell a given amount of financial instruments, such as securities, currencies or commodities, for a given price.
position: A method of solving a problem by one or two suppositions; also called the rule of trial and error.
position: The full state of a chess game at any given turn.
position: The order in which players are seated around the table.
position: A pin; a connector.
arbalest: A crossbow.
arbalest: A crossbowman.
physique: The natural constitution, or physical structure, of a person.
physique: The trained muscular structure of a person's body.
occident: The part of the horizon where the sun last appears in the evening; that part of the earth towards the sunset; the west.
occident: The Western world; the part of the world excluding Asia and Africa
astucity: Craftiness; astuteness.
acuation: The act of sharpening.
acuition: Synonym of acuation (“act of sharpening”)
cannibal: An organism which eats others of its own species or kind, especially a human who eats human flesh.
aculeate: Any insect of the infraorder Aculeata, which have ovipositors modified into stingers.
agenesis: Any imperfect development of the body, or any anomaly of organization
hooligan: A person who causes trouble or violence.
hooligan: Ellipsis of football hooligan.
hooligan: A member of the coast guard.
hooligan: A type of fish, an anadromous smelt, Thaleichthys pacificus, found in the North Pacific.
cupboard: A board or table used to openly hold and display silver plate and other dishware; a sideboard; a buffet. [– c.]
cupboard: A board or table used to openly hold and display silver plate and other dishware; a sideboard; a buffet.
cupboard: Things displayed on a sideboard; dishware, particularly valuable plate. [– c.]
cupboard: Things displayed on a sideboard; dishware, particularly valuable plate.
cupboard: A cabinet, closet, or other piece of furniture with shelves intended for storing cookware, dishware, or food; similar cabinets or closets used for storing other items.
cupboard: Things stored in a cupboard; particularly food.
cupboard: A closet for storing coats.
penitent: One who repents of sin; one sorrowful on account of their transgressions.
penitent: One under church censure, but admitted to penance; one undergoing penance.
penitent: One under the direction of a confessor.
battleax: Alternative spelling of battle axe
picayune: A small coin of the value of six-and-a-quarter cents; a Spanish coin with a value of half a real; a fippenny bit.
picayune: A coin worth five cents (a nickel) or some other low value.
picayune: A person regarded as unworthy of respect or useless; also, something of very little value; a trifle.
picayune: An argument, fact, or other issue raised (often intentionally) that distracts from a larger issue or fails to make any difference.
shortcut: A path between two points that is faster than the commonly used paths.
shortcut: A method to accomplish something that omits one or more steps.
shortcut: A file that points to the location of another file and serves as a quick way to access it.
shortcut: A keyboard shortcut: a combination of keystrokes that provides easier access to a command or operation.
ageratum: Any of the genus Ageratum of tropical American herbs, annuals and perennials, from the sunflower family Asteraceae, tribe Eupatorieae; they are sometimes used in floral displays.
earthnut: Any of various roots, tubers, or pods that grow underground.
earthnut: A tuber belonging to the species Conopodium majus (syns. Bunium flexuosum, Conopodium denudatum), Bunium bulbocastanum (syn. Carum bulbocastanum), or Apios americana (syn. Apios tuberosa)
earthnut: Any of various roots, tubers, or pods that grow underground.
earthnut: The dwarf ginseng: Panax trifolius
earthnut: Any of various roots, tubers, or pods that grow underground.
earthnut: Synonym of peanut (Arachis hypogaea)
earthnut: Any of various roots, tubers, or pods that grow underground.
earthnut: The underground tuber belonging to the genus Tuber; the truffle.
agential: An affix that forms agent nouns.
werewolf: A person who is transformed or can transform into a wolf or a wolflike human, often said to transform during a full moon.
ayegreen: The houseleek (Sempervivum tectorum).
axle box: Alternative spelling of axlebox.
axletree: A bar or beam of wood or iron, connecting the opposite wheels of a carriage, on the ends of which the wheels revolve.
axletree: A spindle or axle of a wheel.
axletree: A stimulus or driving force.
awakener: One who, or that which, awakens.
fragment: A part broken off; a small, detached portion; an imperfect part, either physically or not
fragment: A sentence not containing a subject or a predicate.
fragment: An incomplete portion of code.
fragment: A portion of a URL referring to a subordinate resource or anchor (such as a specific point on a web page), introduced by the # sign.
perverse: A chiral opposite of something; a mirror image with opposite handedness.
quotient: The number(either a fraction or an integer) resulting from the division of one number by another.
quotient: By analogy, the result of any process that is the inverse of multiplication as defined for any mathematical entities other than numbers.
quotient: A quotum or quota.
Ayrshire: One of a breed of cattle from Ayrshire, Scotland, notable for the quantity and quality of their milk.
axillary: Alternative form of axillar
avercorn: A reserved rent in corn, formerly paid to religious houses by their tenants or farmers.
avellane: An unhusked hazel filbert.
wardrobe: A room for keeping clothes and armor safe, particularly a dressing room or walk-in closet beside a bedroom.
wardrobe: A governmental office or department in a monarchy which purchases, keeps, and cares for royal clothes.
wardrobe: The building housing such a department.
wardrobe: Any closet used for storing anything.
wardrobe: A room for keeping costumes and other property safe at a theater; a prop room.
wardrobe: The department of a theater, movie studio, etc which purchases, keeps, and cares for costumes; its staff; its room(s) or building(s).
wardrobe: A movable cupboard or cabinet designed for storing clothes, particularly as a large piece of bedroom furniture.
wardrobe: A tall built-in cupboard or closet for storing clothes, often including a rail for coat-hangers, and usually located in a bedroom.
wardrobe: Anything that similarly stores or houses something.
wardrobe: The contents of a wardrobe: an individual's entire collection of clothing.
wardrobe: Any collection of clothing.
wardrobe: Any collection of anything.
wardrobe: A private chamber, particularly one used for sleeping or (euphemistic) urinating and defecating.
wardrobe: Badger feces, particularly used in tracking game.
averment: The act of averring, or that which is averred; positive assertion.
averment: verification; establishment by evidence.
averment: A positive statement of facts; an allegation; an offer to justify or prove what is alleged.
Aventine: A post of security or defense.
avifauna: The birds, or all the kinds of birds, inhabiting a region.
aventail: A curtain or flap of chainmail, fastened to a helmet, or to a coif (hood) of mail, covering the lower face, neck, and shoulders.
aventail: Synonym of ventail (“movable (solid plate) front to a helmet”).
bachelor: A person, especially a man, who is socially regarded as able to marry, but has not yet.
bachelor: The first or lowest academical degree conferred by universities and colleges; a bachelor's degree.
bachelor: Someone who has achieved a bachelor's degree.
bachelor: A bachelor apartment.
bachelor: An unmarried woman.
bachelor: A knight who had no standard of his own, but fought under the standard of another in the field.
bachelor: Among London tradesmen, a junior member not yet admitted to wear the livery.
bachelor: A kind of bass, an edible freshwater fish (Pomoxis annularis) of the southern United States.
interweb: The Internet.
purveyor: Someone who supplies what is needed, especially food.
purveyor: An officer who provided provisions for the king's household.
purveyor: A procurer; a pimp.
aventure: accident; chance; adventure
aventure: a mischance causing a person's death without felony, as by drowning, or falling into the fire
shuriken: A dart or throwing blade, sometimes with multiple points, used as a weapon by ninja (or samurai).
motorcar: An enclosed passenger motor vehicle, a car, powered by an engine.
motorcar: A self-propelled railway vehicle
question: A sentence, phrase or word which asks for information, reply or response; an interrogative.
question: A subject or topic for consideration or investigation.
question: A doubt or challenge about the truth, accuracy, or validity of a matter.
question: A proposal to a meeting as a topic for deliberation.
question: Interrogation by torture.
question: Talk; conversation; speech.
occasion: A favorable opportunity; a convenient or timely chance.
occasion: The time when something happens.
occasion: An occurrence or state of affairs which causes some event or reaction; a motive or reason.
occasion: Something which causes something else; a cause.
occasion: An occurrence or incident.
occasion: A particular happening; an instance or time when something occurred.
occasion: Need; requirement, necessity.
occasion: A special event or function.
occasion: A reason or excuse; a motive; a persuasion.
incident: An event or occurrence.
incident: A (relatively minor) event that is incidental to, or related to others.
incident: An event that causes or may cause an interruption or a crisis, such as a workplace illness or a software error.
mytacism: A speech disorder manifesting as an abnormal repetition of the sound /m/ or replacement of consonants with m-like sounds.
pasilaly: a universal language
paralian: someone who lives by the sea
paralian: a member of an ancient Greek people who lived by the Athenian coast in the 6th century BCE
quidnunc: A person eager to learn news and scandal.
turncoat: A traitor; one who turns against a previous affiliation or allegiance.
carnifex: An executioner.
ink well: Alternative spelling of inkwell
coachman: A man who drives a horse-drawn coach, a male coach driver.
coachman: A fish in the genus Heniochus, either Heniochus acuminatus or Heniochus diphreutes.
aversion: Opposition or repugnance of mind; fixed dislike often without any conscious reasoning.
aversion: An object of dislike or repugnance.
aversion: The act of turning away from an object.
aviation: The art or science of making and flying aircraft.
aviation: Flying, operating, or operation of aircraft.
aviation: Industry that produces aircraft.
aviation: aircraft
aviation: A cocktail made with gin, maraschino liqueur, crème de violette and lemon juice
enclitic: A clitic that joins with the preceding word phonetically, graphically, or both.
godchild: A child whose baptism is sponsored by a godparent. In some cases the relationship is maintained indefinitely, with the godchild being treated much like a niece or nephew.
fur coat: An outer garment for the upper body made of furry animal hides.
fur coat: The fur of an animal; the animal coat of its own fur.
maternal: A mother.
maternal: A person related through the mother, or her side of the family; a maternal relative.
ladybird: Any of the Coccinellidae family of beetles, typically having a round shape and red or yellow spotted elytra.
ridicule: derision; mocking or humiliating words or behaviour
ridicule: An object of sport or laughter; a laughing stock.
ridicule: The quality of being ridiculous; ridiculousness.
ridicule: A small woman's handbag; a reticule.
gap year: A yearlong break from study taken by some students on leaving school before starting university, often spent gaining work experience or travelling.
bookcase: A piece of furniture for the storage and display of books.
carapace: A hard protective covering of bone or chitin, especially one which covers the dorsal portion of an animal.
carapace: in figurative use
apostate: A person who has renounced a religion or faith.
apostate: One who, after having received sacred orders, renounces his clerical profession.
apostate: One who has renounced a political party, a cause, etc.
atrament: Ink or an inklike substance.
atrament: Any particularly black liquid substance.
apoapsis: The point of a body's elliptical orbit about the system's centre of mass where the distance between the body and the centre of mass is at its maximum.
stairway: A set of steps, with or without a case, that allow one to walk up or down.
fotograf: Eye dialect spelling of photograph.
personal: An advertisement by which an individual attempts to meet others with similar interests.
personal: One's own property or asset
bruising: A violent physical attack on a person.
bruising: Bruises on a person's skin.
bookworm: Any of various insects that infest books.
bookworm: An avid book reader.
preacher: Someone who preaches a worldview, philosophy, or religion, especially someone who preaches the gospel; a clergyman or clergywoman.
aphelion: The point in the elliptical orbit of a comet, planet, or other astronomical object, where it is farthest from the Sun.
elevator: Anything that raises or uplifts.
elevator: A permanent construction with a built-in platform or cab that can be raised and lowered, used to transport people and goods, as between different floors of a building.
elevator: A silo used for storing wheat, corn or other grain (grain elevator).
elevator: A control surface of an aircraft responsible for controlling the pitching motion of the machine.
elevator: A dental instrument used to pry up ("elevate") teeth in difficult extractions, or depressed portions of bone.
elevator: Any muscle that serves to raise a part of the body, such as the leg or the eye.
elevator: A type of shoe having an insert lift to make the wearer appear taller.
triumvir: One member of a triumvirate
red wine: Red-coloured wine made mostly from black grapes, including the skin.
mechanic: A manual worker; a labourer or artisan.
mechanic: Someone who builds or repairs machinery, a technician; now specifically, someone who works with and repairs the mechanical parts of a motor vehicle, aircraft or similar.
mechanic: A device, command, or feature which allows someone to achieve a specific task.
mechanic: A hitman.
mechanic: A cheat who manipulates the cards or dice.
alienate: A stranger; an alien.
murderer: A person who commits murder.
positive: A thing capable of being affirmed; something real or actual.
positive: A favourable point or characteristic.
positive: Something having a positive value in physics, such as an electric charge.
positive: A degree of comparison of adjectives and adverbs.
positive: An adjective or adverb in the positive degree.
positive: A positive image; one that displays true colors and shades, as opposed to a negative.
positive: The positive plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell.
positive: A positive result of a test.
sorbitol: A faintly sweet alcohol C₆H₁₄O₆ that occurs in some fruits, is made synthetically, and is used especially as a humectant and softener and in making ascorbic acid.
joystick: A mechanical device consisting of a handgrip mounted on a base or pedestal and typically having one or more buttons, used to control an aircraft, computer, or other equipment.
joystick: A penis.
pacarana: A large, rare, slow-moving rodent, Dinomys branickii, with a thick, furry tail, native to South America, the second-largest rodent after the capybara.
mnemonic: Something (especially a series of ideas, letters, words, etc.) used to help in remembering a thing; a memory aid.
mnemonic: The human-readable, textual form of an assembly language instruction, not including operands.
mnemonic: Synonym of mnemonics (“the study of techniques for remembering anything more easily”)
equation: The act or process of equating two or more things, or the state of those things being equal (that is, identical).
equation: An assertion that two expressions are equal, expressed by writing the two expressions separated by an equal sign; from which one is to determine a particular quantity.
equation: A small correction to observed values to remove the effects of systematic errors in an observation.
bull-pup: Alternative spelling of bullpup
medieval: Someone living in the Middle Ages.
medieval: A medieval example (of something aforementioned or understood from context).
merchant: A person who traffics in commodities for profit.
merchant: The owner or operator of a retail business.
merchant: A trading vessel; a merchantman.
merchant: Someone who is noted for a stated type of activity or behaviour.
merchant: A supercargo.
bilabial: A speech sound articulated with both lips.
chipmunk: A squirrel-like rodent of the genus Tamias, native mainly to North America.
eromenos: An adolescent boy in Ancient Greece who was courted by an older man, or was in an erotic relationship with him.
seraphim: A plural of seraph
seraphim: Alternative form of seraph
seraphim: Lobophora halterata, a species of geometrid moth.
Gallegan: A Galician; a citizen of Galicia.
crayfish: Any of numerous freshwater decapod crustaceans in superfamily Astacoidea or Parastacoidea, resembling the related lobster but usually much smaller.
crayfish: Any of numerous freshwater decapod crustaceans in superfamily Astacoidea or Parastacoidea, resembling the related lobster but usually much smaller.
crayfish: A freshwater crustacean (family Cambaridae), sometimes used as an inexpensive seafood or as fish bait.
crayfish: A rock lobster (family Palinuridae).
crayfish: A freshwater crayfish (family Parastacidae), such as the gilgie, marron, or yabby.
crayfish: The species Thenus orientalis of the slipper lobster family (Scyllaridae).
seraphin: Alternative form of xeraphim
capybara: A semi-aquatic South American rodent, Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris, the largest living rodent.
dinosaur: Any of the animals belonging to the clade Dinosauria, especially those that existed during the Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods and are now extinct.
dinosaur: Any member of the clade Dinosauria other than birds.
dinosaur: Any extinct reptile, not necessarily belonging to Dinosauria, that existed between about 230 million and 65 million years ago.
dinosaur: Something or someone that is very old or old-fashioned, or is not willing to change and adapt.
dinosaur: Anything no longer in common use or practice.
skeleton: The system that provides support to an organism, internal and made up of bones and cartilage in vertebrates, external in some other animals.
skeleton: An anthropomorphic representation of a skeleton.
skeleton: A very thin person.
skeleton: The central core of something that gives shape to the entire structure.
skeleton: A frame that provides support to a building or other construction.
skeleton: A client-helper procedure that communicates with a stub.
skeleton: The vertices and edges of a polyhedron, taken collectively.
skeleton: A very thin form of light-faced type.
skeleton: Reduced to a minimum or bare essentials.
skeleton: The network of veins in a leaf.
skeleton: A type of tobogganing in which competitors lie face down, and descend head first.
pastoral: A poem describing the life and manners of shepherds; a poem in which the speakers assume the character of shepherds; an idyll; a bucolic.
pastoral: A cantata relating to rural life; a composition for instruments characterized by simplicity and sweetness; a lyrical composition the subject of which is taken from rural life.
pastoral: A letter of a pastor to his charge; specifically, a letter addressed by a bishop to his diocese.
pastoral: A letter of the House of Bishops, to be read in each parish.
diameter: Any straight line between two points on the circumference of a circle that passes through the centre/center of the circle.
diameter: The length of such a line.
diameter: The maximum distance between any two points in a metric space
diameter: The maximum eccentricity over all vertices in a graph.
database: A collection of (usually) organized information in a regular structure, usually but not necessarily in a machine-readable format accessible by a computer.
database: A set of tables and other objects (queries, reports, forms) in the form of a structured data set.
database: A software program (application) for storing, retrieving and manipulating such a structured data set.
database: A combination of such data sets and the programs for using them.
Jane Doe: An unknown or anonymous female; female equivalent of John Doe.
shoelace: A lace used for fastening a shoe.
foreskin: The nerve-dense, retractable fold of skin which covers and protects the head of the penis in humans and some other animals.
foreskin: Ellipsis of clitoral foreskin.
disorder: Absence of order; state of not being arranged in an orderly manner.
disorder: A disturbance of civic peace or of public order.
disorder: A physical or mental malfunction.
domestic: A maid or household servant.
domestic: A domestic dispute, whether verbal or violent.
wishbone: A forked bone between the neck and breast of a bird consisting chiefly of the two clavicles fused at their median or lower end, regarded as a lucky charm in some countries.
wishbone: A spar in two parts, between which a sail is hoisted, the wishbone extending its clew.
wishbone: Any sailing vessel rigged with a wishbone.
wishbone: A particular kind of offensive formation. See wishbone formation.
wishbone: A suspension component similar in shape to a chicken wishbone.
dispatch: A message sent quickly, as a shipment, a prompt settlement of a business, or an important official message sent by a diplomat, government official, military officer, etc.
dispatch: The act of doing something quickly.
dispatch: A mission by an emergency response service, typically involving attending to an emergency in the field.
dispatch: The passing on of a message for further processing, especially through a dispatch table.
dispatch: A dismissal.
apéritif: An alcoholic drink served before a meal as an appetiser.
aperitif: Alternative form of apéritif
also-ran: A person or animal who competed in a race but did not win.
also-ran: A loser; a person or thing soon to be forgotten.
blockade: The physical blocking or surrounding of a place, especially a port, in order to prevent commerce and traffic in or out.
blockade: Any form of formal isolation or inhibition of something, especially with the force of law or arms.
blockade: The ships or other forces used to effect a naval blockade.
blockade: Inhibition of the activity (function) of chemical messengers or their receptors, such as (often) receptor antagonism.
blockade: Preventing an opponent's pawn moving by placing a piece in front of it.
John Doe: Any unknown or anonymous male person.
hype man: A hip-hop performer responsible for backup rapping and singing and increasing an audience’s excitement with call-and-response chants.
aphorism: A concise, terse, laconic, or memorable expression of a general truth or principle.
skullcap: A small domed cap that covers the area from the forehead to just above the back of the neck.
skullcap: A yarmulke-like hat worn as an element of ghetto fashion.
skullcap: The calvaria, the top part of the skull, covering the cranial cavity containing the brain.
skullcap: Any of several species of flowering plants of the genus Scutellaria, in the Lamiaceae family.
skullcap: A torture device for compressing the skull.
clambake: An informal beach party in which food, usually seafood, is cooked in a firepit dug in the sand, filled with hot coals.
clambake: An instance of smoking (usually marijuana) in an enclosed space.
clambake: A meeting of predominantly females.
boundary: The dividing line or location between two areas.
boundary: The bounds, confines, or limits between immaterial things (such as one’s comfort zone, privacy, or professional sphere and the realm beyond).
boundary: An edge or line marking an edge of the playing field.
boundary: An event whereby the ball is struck and either touches or passes over a boundary (with or without bouncing), usually resulting in an award of 4 (four) or 6 (six) runs respectively for the batting team.
boundary: (of a set) The set of points in the closure of a set S, not belonging to the interior of that set.
creative: A person directly involved in a creative marketing process.
creative: Artistic material used in advertising, e.g. photographs, drawings, or video.
vineyard: A grape plantation, especially one used in the production of wine.
porpoise: A small cetacean of the family Phocoenidae, related to dolphins and whales.
porpoise: Any small dolphin.
cryonics: The cryopreservation of a person with medical needs that cannot be met by available medicine until resuscitation and healing by future medicine is possible.
headbutt: A sharp blow delivered by driving the head into an opponent or object, generally by lowering the head and charging forward or by rapidly tilting the head backward and then forward.
Karelian: Someone from Karelia
bidental: An organism that has only two teeth, especially a dinosaur of the infraorder Dicynodontia.
bidental: In Ancient Rome, a place that had been struck by lightning and consecrated and enclosed.
paganism: Any indigenous polytheistic religion.
paganism: Any of a class of religions often associated with nature rituals.
creation: Something created such as an invention or artwork.
creation: The act of creating something.
creation: All which exists.
diskette: A small, flexible, magnetic disk for storage and retrieval of data.
diskette: An 8-inch floppy disk.
protocol: The minutes, or official record, of a negotiation or transaction; especially a document drawn up officially which forms the legal basis for subsequent agreements based on it.
protocol: An official record of a diplomatic meeting or negotiation; later specifically, a draft document setting out agreements to be signed into force by a subsequent formal treaty.
protocol: An amendment to an official treaty.
protocol: The first leaf of a roll of papyrus, or the official mark typically found on such a page.
protocol: The official formulas which appeared at the beginning or end of certain official documents such as charters, papal bulls etc.
protocol: The original notes of observations made during an experiment; also, the precise method for carrying out or reproducing a given experiment.
protocol: The official rules and guidelines for heads of state and other dignitaries, governing accepted behaviour in relations with other diplomatic representatives or over affairs of state.
protocol: An accepted code of conduct; acceptable behaviour in a given situation or group.
protocol: A set of formal rules describing how to transmit or exchange data, especially across a network.
protocol: The set of instructions allowing a licensed medical professional to start, modify, or stop a medical or patient care order.
protocol: The introduction of a liturgical preface, immediately following the Sursum corda dialogue.
protocol: In some programming languages, a data type declaring a set of members that must be implemented by a class or other data type.
affinity: A natural attraction or feeling of kinship to a person or thing.
affinity: A family relationship through marriage of a relative (e.g. sister-in-law), as opposed to consanguinity (e.g. sister).
affinity: A kinsman or kinswoman of a such relationship; one who is affinal.
affinity: The fact of and manner in which something is related to another.
affinity: Any romantic relationship.
affinity: A love interest; a paramour.
affinity: Any passionate love for something.
affinity: Resemblances between biological populations, suggesting that they have a common origin, type or stock.
affinity: Structural resemblances between minerals; resemblances that suggest that they are of a common origin or type.
affinity: An attractive force between atoms, or groups of atoms, that contributes towards their forming bonds.
affinity: The attraction between an antibody and an antigen
affinity: A tendency to keep a task running on the same processor in a symmetric multiprocessing operating system to reduce the frequency of cache misses.
affinity: An automorphism of affine space.
integral: One of the two fundamental operations of calculus (the other being differentiation), whereby a function's displacement, area, volume, or other qualities arising from the study of infinitesimal change are quantified, usually defined as a limiting process on a sequence of partial sums. Denoted using a long s: ∫, or a variant thereof.
integral: One of the two fundamental operations of calculus (the other being differentiation), whereby a function's displacement, area, volume, or other qualities arising from the study of infinitesimal change are quantified, usually defined as a limiting process on a sequence of partial sums. Denoted using a long s: ∫, or a variant thereof.
integral: Any of several analytic formalizations of this operation: the Riemann integral, the Lebesgue integral, etc.
integral: A definite integral: the result of the application of such an operation onto a function and a suitable subset of the function's domain: either a number or positive or negative infinity. In the former case, the integral is said to be finite or to converge; in the latter, the integral is said to diverge. In notation, the domain of integration is indicated either below the sign, or, if it is an interval, with its endpoints as sub- and super-scripts, and the function being integrated forming part of the integrand (or, generally, differential form) appearing in front of the integral sign.
integral: An indefinite integral: the result of the application of such an operation onto a function together with an indefinite domain, yielding a function; a function's antiderivative;
integral: An indefinite integral: the result of the application of such an operation onto a function together with an indefinite domain, yielding a function; a function's antiderivative;
integral: The fluent of a given fluxion in Newtonian calculus.
bay leaf: A herb derived from any of certain shrubs of the family Lauraceae and Myrtaceae.
doughnut: A deep-fried piece of dough or batter, commonly of a toroidal (a ring doughnut) shape, often mixed with various sweeteners and flavourings; or flattened sphere (a filled doughnut) shape filled with jam, custard or cream.
doughnut: Anything in the shape of a torus.
doughnut: A circular life raft.
doughnut: Anything in the shape of a torus.
doughnut: A toroidal vacuum chamber.
doughnut: Anything in the shape of a torus.
doughnut: A peel-out or skid mark in the shape of a circle; a 360-degree skid.
doughnut: Anything in the shape of a torus.
doughnut: A spare car tyre, usually stored in the boot, that is smaller than a full-sized tyre and is only intended for temporary use.
doughnut: Anything in the shape of a torus.
doughnut: A kind of tyre for an airplane.
doughnut: A vulva; (by extension) a woman's virginity.
doughnut: A foolish or stupid person.
Livonian: A person from Livonia.
axiology: The study of value(s), as regards origin, nature, functions, types, and interrelations; value theory.
axiology: The particular value-theory of a philosopher, school of thought, etc.
yarmulke: A skullcap worn by religious Jewish males (especially during prayer).
humility: The characteristic of being humble; humbleness in character and behavior.
birdsong: A vocalisation made by a bird for the purposes of courtship.
birdsong: Vocalisations made by birds, considered collectively.
monobrow: A unibrow.
stoicism: A school of philosophy popularized during the Roman Empire that emphasized reason as a means of understanding the natural state of things, or logos, and as a means of freeing oneself from emotional distress.
stoicism: A real or pretended indifference to pleasure or pain; insensibility; impassiveness.
bilberry: Vaccinium myrtillus, the wild European blueberry of the cowberry family.
bilberry: The shrub of the above-mentioned plant.
autonomy: The right or condition of self-government; freedom to act or function independently.
autonomy: A self-governing country or region.
autonomy: The capacity to make an informed, uncoerced decision.
autonomy: The capacity of a system to make a decision about its actions without the involvement of another system or operator.
autonomy: The status of a church whose highest-ranking bishop is appointed by the patriarch of the mother church, but which is self-governing in all other respects. Compare autocephaly.
fig leaf: A leaf of the fig plant.
fig leaf: A representation of leaf of a fig plant used to cover the genitals of a nude figure in a work of art (alluding to Genesis iii 7, in which Adam and Eve use fig leaves to hide their nakedness).
fig leaf: Anything used to conceal something undesirable or that one does not want to be discovered.
resident: A person, animal or plant living at a certain location or in a certain area.
resident: A bird which does not migrate during the course of the year.
resident: A physician receiving specialized medical training.
resident: A diplomatic representative who resides in a foreign country, usually of inferior rank to an ambassador.
resident: A legal permanent resident, someone who maintains residency.
resident: Alternative form of rezident
adjutant: A lower-ranking officer who assists a higher-ranking officer with administrative affairs.
adjutant: An assistant.
adjutant: Any bird of the genus Leptoptilos, a branch of the stork family (Ciconiidae) native to India and Southeast Asia.
aeroport: An airport.
sickness: The quality or state of being sick or diseased; illness.
sickness: Nausea; qualmishness; as, sickness of stomach.
sickness: The analogical misuse of a rarer or marked grammatical case in the place of a more common or unmarked case.
crannock: An old Irish measure of corn equivalent to the quarter. The crannock of oats appears to contain two quarters, as sometimes occurs with its English equivalent.
chaldron: An old English dry measure, containing four quarters. At London, 36 bushels heaped up, or its equivalent weight, and more than twice as much at Newcastle. Now used exclusively for coal and coke.
chaldron: Alternative form of chawdron
surprise: Something unexpected.
surprise: Something unexpected.
surprise: A mess of feces, left by a pet or small child in an unexpected place or at an unexpected time.
surprise: The feeling that something unexpected has happened.
tartaryn: A costly cloth, probably a kind of silk.
puncheon: A figured stamp, die, or punch, used by goldsmiths, cutlers, etc.
puncheon: A short, upright piece of timber in framing; a short post; an intermediate stud.
puncheon: A piece of roughly dressed timber with one face finished flat (by either hewing or sawing).
puncheon: A split log or heavy slab of timber with the face smoothed, used especially for flooring but also for log cabin walls, piers, or plank roads.
puncheon: A walkway or short, low footbridge over wet ground constructed with such timbers, made by laying one or more planks or dressed timbers over sills set directly on the ground; also called duck boards, bog boards, or bog bridge.
puncheon: A short low bridge of similar construction. Also called puncheon bridge.
puncheon: A type of cask used to hold liquids, having a capacity varying from 72 to 120 gallons; a tercian.
acidness: acidity, sourness
acinesia: Alternative form of akinesia
habanero: An intensely spicy chili pepper, Capsicum chinense.
dovecote: A small house or box, often raised to a considerable height above the ground, and having compartments (pigeonholes), in which domestic pigeons breed; a dove house.
dovecote: In medieval Europe, a round or square structure of stone or wood, free-standing or built into a tower, in which pigeons were kept.
acinaces: A short sword or saber.
chickpea: An annual Asian plant (Cicer arietinum) in the pea family, widely cultivated for the edible seeds in its short inflated pods.
chickpea: A seed of this plant, often used as a food.
gairaigo: A foreign, typically non-Sinitic loanword into Japanese.
cockerel: A young male chicken.
lipstick: Makeup for the lips.
lipstick: A stick of this makeup.
lipstick: A dog's penis.
lipstick: Short for lipstick lesbian.
chimenea: A Mexican outdoor oven with bulbous body and usually a vertical smoke vent or chimney.
ideology: Doctrine, philosophy, body of beliefs or principles belonging to an individual or group.
ideology: The study of the origin and nature of ideas.
parafoil: A parachute, kite or glider with an aerofoil-shaped fabric canopy or wing.
parafoil: The wing or sail of such an apparatus.
aerofoil: Britain standard form of airfoil.
hogshead: An English measure of capacity for liquids, containing 63 wine gallons, or about 52+¹⁄₂ imperial gallons; a half pipe.
hogshead: A large barrel or cask of indefinite contents, especially one containing from 100 to 140 gallons.
wattling: An interwoven mesh of twigs; wattle.
wattling: The act of making such a mesh.
gratuity: An additional payment given freely as thanks for service.
gratuity: Euphemistic form of fee, in contexts where such additional payments have been made obligatory.
gratuity: Euphemistic form of bribe.
nickname: A familiar, invented name for a person or thing used instead of the actual name of the person or thing, often based on some noteworthy characteristic.
nickname: A familiar, shortened or diminutive name for a person or thing.
apposite: That which is apposite; something suitable.
ultimate: The most basic or fundamental of a set of things
ultimate: The final or most distant point; the conclusion
ultimate: The greatest extremity; the maximum
ultimate: Ellipsis of ultimate frisbee/ultimate disc.
neo-Nazi: A person who believes in neo-Nazism
neo-Nazi: A person with very right-wing and domineering or intolerant views.
immortal: One who is not susceptible to death.
immortal: A member of an elite regiment of the Persian army.
immortal: A member of the Académie française.
immortal: An administrator of a multi-user dungeon.
eternity: Existence without end, infinite time.
eternity: Existence outside of time.
eternity: A period of time which extends infinitely far into the future.
eternity: The remainder of time that elapses after death.
eternity: A comparatively long time.
dyslexic: A person who has dyslexia.
jalapeño: A cultivar of hot chili pepper, Capsicum annuum.
stocking: A soft garment, usually knit or woven, worn on the foot and lower leg under shoes or other footwear.
stocking: A large, sock-like bag used to store small Christmas gifts, typically hung on a mantelpiece.
stocking: A broad ring of a different fur colour on the lower part of the leg of a quadruped.
stocking: A knitted hood of cotton thread which is eventually converted by a special process into an incandescent mantle for gas lighting.
stocking: A ratio of the actual density of trees in an area to the ideal density that would make the fullest use of the land.
corcelet: Alternative form of corselet (armor)
cardamom: The Elettaria cardamomum, an Indian herb.
cardamom: The seed of E. cardamomum, used as a medicine and spice, especially in curry powder.
cardamom: Synonym of grains of paradise, the seeds or seed capsules of Aframomum melegueta, of East Africa.
exegesis: A critical explanation or interpretation of a text, especially a religious text.
exegesis: An explanatory note; a gloss.
bascinet: A light helmet, typically with a high, pointed skull, either open-faced (in early models) or made with a visor (later models).
plumbing: The pipes, together with the joints, tanks, stopcocks, taps, and other fixtures of a water, gas, or sewage system in a house or other building.
plumbing: The trade or occupation of a plumber.
plumbing: A system of vessels or ducts in the human body, especially the genitourinary system.
plumbing: Practical, concrete work serving to support other work.
plumbing: A Murasugi sum where each disk summed along has its boundary subdivided into four segments.
andronym: A man's name or a word derived from a man's name.
andronym: The name of the husband, taken on by the wife.
andronym: A male name adopted by a woman.
jazerant: A coat of defense of Arab origin, made of small plates of metal sewn upon linen or similar, like a brigandine.
jazerant: This kind of armor taken generally.
mulberry: Any of several trees, of the genus Morus, having edible fruits.
mulberry: The fruit of this tree.
mulberry: A dark purple colour tinted with red.
synonymy: The quality of being synonymous; sameness of meaning.
synonymy: A list or collection of synonyms, often compared and contrasted.
synonymy: The study of synonyms.
synonymy: A system of synonyms.
synonymy: The collective synonyms (all the names referring to a particular taxon, except the correct name)
synonymy: The state of not being a correct name, of being a synonym
synonymy: The collective synonyms (all the names referring to the same taxon, including the correct name)
bassinet: A newborn baby's bed, traditionally made of woven reeds or straw.
bassinet: A bascinet (type of helmet).
alcavala: In Spain, a tax levied on transactions involving property movable or immovable.
sandarac: Realgar; red sulphide of arsenic.
sandarac: A white or yellow resin obtained from a north African tree (Tetraclinis articulata), and pulverized for pounce; probably so called from a resemblance to the mineral.
sandarac: Any tree from the genus Tetraclinis.
gambeson: A defensive garment formerly in use for the body, made of cloth stuffed and quilted, often worn as padding under armor.
codpiece: A part of male dress in the 15th and 16th centuries, worn in front of the breeches to cover the male genitals.
codpiece: A conspicuous protection for the male genitals in a suit of plate armor.
temporal: Anything temporal or secular; a temporality.
temporal: Ellipsis of temporal bone.
temporal: Any of a reptile's scales on the side of the head between the parietal and supralabial scales, and behind the postocular scales.
physical: Physical examination.
physical: A physical manifestation of psychic origin, as through ectoplasmic solidification.
dyslexia: A learning disability characterized by reading and writing difficulties.
corselet: Armor for the body, for example a breastplate and backpiece taken together.
corselet: An entire suit of armor, made up chiefly of the breastplate and backpiece worn with a headpiece and with a gorget, pauldrons, vambraces, gauntlets, and tassets attached.
corselet: A tight-fitting item of clothing which covers the body and not the limbs.
corselet: A type of women's underwear, combining a bra and a girdle in one garment; a corselette.
corselet: The thorax of an insect.
pouldron: Alternative form of pauldron
tallevas: A pavais.
pavisade: A row of shields hung on the side of a ship to protect it at war and discourage boarding by enemies.
rondache: A circular shield carried by foot soldiers.
squitter: Watery stool.
squitter: A random broadcast of data occurring either intentionally or in response to noise.
teaching: Something taught by a religious or philosophical authority.
teaching: The profession of educating people; the activity that a teacher does when he/she teaches.
electrum: Amber.
electrum: An alloy of gold and silver, used by the ancients; now specifically a natural alloy with between 20 and 50 per cent silver.
electrum: German silver plate.
baudrick: Alternative spelling of baldric
tank top: An item of casual clothing: a top with no sleeves.
tank top: The top of a ship's bilge tank, usually the lowest horizontal surface on board.
chanfron: Alternative form of chamfron (protective armor for a horse's head, especially the face and ears).
vambrace: The piece of armor designed to protect the arm from the elbow to the wrist.
vambrace: The pieces of armor protecting the arm from the shoulder to the wrist.
criniere: Protective armor for a horse's neck.
shaffron: Alternative form of chamfron (“protective armor for a horse's head”)
baldrick: Alternative form of baldric
cultivar: A cultivated (not necessarily botanical) variety of a plant species or hybrid of two species.
baldness: The condition or state of being (or becoming) bald.
withhold: An immoral action or condition (an overt) that has not been disclosed to others; the consciousness of such an action or condition.
chamfron: Protective armor for a horse's head, especially the face and ears.
cleavage: The act of cleaving or the state of being cleft.
cleavage: The hollow or separation between a woman's breasts, especially as revealed by a low neckline.
cleavage: Any similar separation between two body parts, such as the buttocks or toes.
cleavage: The repeated division of a cell into daughter cells after mitosis.
cleavage: The splitting of a large molecule into smaller ones.
cleavage: The tendency of a crystal to split along specific planes.
cleavage: The division of voters into voting blocs.
gisaring: A type of polearm: the gisarme.
castrate: A castrated man; a eunuch.
Cunarder: A steamship operated by the Cunard Line.
rickshaw: A two-wheeled carriage pulled along by a person.
reaction: An action or statement in response to a stimulus or other event.
reaction: A transformation in which one or more substances is converted into another by combination or decomposition.
reaction: Reactionary politics; a period in which reactionary thought or politics is resurgent or dominant.
reaction: An icon or emoji appended to a posted message by a user to express their feeling about it.
scatback: A small lightweight running back valued for speed rather than power.
Enzedder: A New Zealander.
underdog: A competitor thought unlikely to win.
underdog: Somebody at a disadvantage.
underdog: A high swing wherein the person pushing the swing runs beneath the swing while the person being pushed is at the forward limit of the arc.
mortmain: The perpetual, inalienable possession of lands by a corporation or non-personal entity such as a church.
mortmain: A strong and inalienable possession.
probable: Something that is likely.
probable: A person who is likely to appear or do a certain thing.
regarder: An official responsible for monitoring woodlands and forest areas and reporting to the court of regard.
regarder: A person who regards something or someone.
learning: An act in which something is learned.
learning: Accumulated knowledge.
learning: Something that has been learned.
sheather: A person who makes sheaths.
sheather: A person who sheathes.
albariza: A white porous chalky soil found in some regions of Andalusia, Spain and on which sherry vineyards are often planted.
dogsbody: A person who does menial work, a servant.
pectoral: A pectoral fin.
pectoral: Protective armor for a horse's breast.
pectoral: A covering or protection for the breast.
pectoral: A breastplate, especially that worn by the Jewish high priest.
pectoral: A clasp, cross, or ornamental square of cloth etc. worn upon the breast.
pectoral: An ancient Egyptian item of jewelry worn upon the chest, often part of (or constituting) a necklace or collar.
pectoral: A medicine for diseases of the chest organs, especially the lungs.
beaucoup: An abundance.
metonymy: The use of a single characteristic or part of an object, concept or phenomenon to identify the entire object, concept, phenomenon or a related object.
metonymy: A metonym.
disaster: An unexpected natural or man-made catastrophe of substantial extent causing significant physical damage or destruction, loss of life or sometimes permanent change to the natural environment.
disaster: An unforeseen event causing great loss, upset or unpleasantness of whatever kind.
disaster: A skateboard trick involving a 180-degree ollie, landing on the center of the board with the front trucks facing towards the ramp and the back trucks over the lip. The skater then leans forwards to return in the ramp.
muchness: Large size or bulk; bigness; size; magnitude (large or small).
muchness: Greatness in quantity, number, amount, or degree.
vampiric: A vampire or vampire-like creature.
greeking: Nonsense text or graphics inserted into a document as a placeholder to create a dummy layout, or to demonstrate a type font; the practice of using such placeholder text or graphics.
halecret: A kind of light armour protecting the bust, used in the 16th century, usually thought to have been a corselet or light cuirass.
A-per-se: A person or thing that is preeminent, unique, or which has unusual merit.
firework: A device using gunpowder and other chemicals which, when lit, emits a combination of coloured flames, sparks, whistles or bangs, and sometimes made to rocket high into the sky before exploding, used for entertainment or celebration.
treacher: A traitor or deceiver.
kamikaze: An attack requiring the suicide of the one carrying it out, especially when done with an aircraft.
kamikaze: One who carries out a suicide attack, especially with an aircraft.
kamikaze: A vehicle used for a suicide attack, especially an aircraft.
kamikaze: One who takes excessive risks, as for example in a sporting event.
kamikaze: A cocktail made of equal parts vodka, triple sec and lime juice.
kamikaze: A deliberate wipeout.
material: Matter which may be shaped or manipulated, particularly in making something.
material: Text written for a specific purpose.
material: A sample or specimens for study.
material: Cloth to be made into a garment. Fabric.
material: A person, or people collectively, who are qualified for a certain position or activity.
material: Related data of various kinds, especially if collected as the basis for a document or book.
material: The substance that something is made or composed of.
material: An element of a design language associated with a certain style of rendering on the display.
material: All of a player's pieces and pawns on the chessboard.
industry: The tendency to work persistently. Diligence.
industry: Businesses of the same type, considered as a whole. Trade.
industry: Businesses that produce goods as opposed to services.
industry: The sector of the economy consisting of large-scale enterprises.
industry: Automated production of material goods.
industry: A typological classification of stone tools, associated with a technocomplex.
Islamite: A Muslim.
Labrador: Short for Labrador retriever.
relation: The manner in which two things may be associated.
relation: A member of one's extended family; a relative.
relation: A relationship; the manner in which and tone with which people or states, etc. interact.
relation: The act of relating a story.
relation: A set of ordered tuples.
relation: Specifically, a set of ordered pairs; a binary relation.
relation: A set of ordered tuples retrievable by a relational database; a table.
relation: A statement of equality of two products of generators, used in the presentation of a group.
relation: A subobject of a product of objects.
relation: The act of intercourse.
depliage: A surrealist method in which one removes the staples from a staple-bound magazine, making into one "page" what had previously been more or less widely-separated pages; the resulting "page" can either be kept as is or used as the basis for a collage.
omission: The act of omitting.
omission: The act of neglecting to perform an action one has an obligation to do.
omission: An instance of those acts, or the thing left out thereby; something deleted or left out.
omission: Something not done or neglected.
omission: The shortening of a word or phrase, using an apostrophe ( ' ) to replace the missing letters, often used to approximate the sound of speech or a specific dialect.
firewire: A high-speed digital link standard covered by the IEEE 1394-1995 standard.
firewire: A system of wires or tubes designed to detect fire and trigger automatic fire-extinguishers in an aircraft engine compartment for example.
cathexis: The concentration of libido or emotional energy on a single object or idea.
illusion: Anything that seems to be something that it is not.
illusion: A misapprehension; a belief in something that is in fact not true.
illusion: A magician’s trick.
illusion: The state of being deceived or misled.
military: Armed forces.
freeware: Complete and functional software that does not require payment or other compensation (such as viewing advertising) for its use. Freeware may be a proprietary license with no access to the source code.
camomile: Composite plant with a fragrance reminiscent of apples:
camomile: Matricaria recutita (formerly known as Matricaria chamomilla), German chamomile or Hungarian chamomile, with fragrant flowers used for tea, and as an herbal remedy.
camomile: Composite plant with a fragrance reminiscent of apples:
camomile: Chamaemelum nobile (formerly Anthemis nobilis), English chamomile or Roman chamomile, a ground cover with fragrant foliage.
camomile: Any of several other similar plants. (See below)
camomile: Short for camomile tea.
necropsy: The pathological examination of a corpse, particularly to determine cause of death.
faux pas: An embarrassing or tactless blunder.
fructose: A monosaccharide ketose sugar, formula C₆H₁₂O₆.
humanity: Humankind; human beings as a group.
humanity: The human condition or nature.
humanity: The quality of being benevolent; humane traits of character; humane qualities or aspects.
humanity: Any academic subject belonging to the humanities.
phonetic: In such writing systems as the Chinese writing system, the portion of a phono-semantic character that provides an indication of its pronunciation; contrasted with semantic (which is usually the radical).
inchoate: A beginning, an immature start.
plumbery: The business of a plumber; plumbing
plumbery: A place where plumbing is carried out
brisance: The shattering effect of the energy released in an explosion.
transfer: The act of conveying or removing something from one place, person or thing to another.
transfer: An instance of conveying or removing from one place, person or thing to another; a transferal.
transfer: An act of exiting one mass transit vehicle and boarding another (typically one belonging to a different line or mode of transportation) to continue a journey.
transfer: A paper receipt given to a rider of one bus (and historically also certain elevated or subway lines), allowing free entry onto another bus to continue a journey.
transfer: A design conveyed by contact from one surface to another; a heat transfer.
transfer: A soldier removed from one troop, or body of troops, and placed in another.
transfer: A pathological process by which a unilateral morbid condition on being abolished on one side of the body makes its appearance in the corresponding region upon the other side.
transfer: The conveying of genetic material from one cell to another.
transfer: A conventional bid which requests partner to bid the next available suit.
transfer: A person who transfers or is transferred from one club or team to another.
transfer: Short for transfer student.
transfer: Of a person with limited mobility: an instance of independent or assisted movement from one stable surface to another.
dwarfism: The condition of being a dwarf (person of short stature).
dwarfism: The quality of being puny or inferior.
Islamism: The religion of Muslims; Islam.
Islamism: A popular reform movement advocating the reordering of government and society in accordance with laws prescribed by Islam.
Islamism: Islamic fundamentalism, especially the forms that promote violence, hostility, and persecution of non-believers.
phlegmon: A solid mass formed by inflamed connective tissue, such as forms around an appendix in appendicitis.
catapult: A device or weapon for throwing or launching large objects.
catapult: A mechanical aid on aircraft carriers designed to help airplanes take off from the flight deck.
catapult: A slingshot.
catapult: An instance of firing a missile from a catapult.
catapult: An instance of firing something, as if from a catapult.
firebolt: A missile of fire.
firehose: Alternative spelling of fire hose
firehose: Access to the social media data sold to the third parties, or such data stream.
ziggurat: A temple tower of the ancient Mesopotamian valley, having the form of a terraced pyramid of successively receding stories
ziggurat: Any building with similar style or shape.
lock out: An event in which an employer bars employees from working as a tactic in negotiating terms of employment, particularly in response to a strike or threat to strike.
stemming: Movement against a current, especially a tidal current.
stemming: A process for removing the inflexional, and sometimes derivational, affixes from words.
stemming: To include a term's inflections as part of a search engine's search.
stemming: The technique of bridging between two holds with hands and/or feet, applying forces to each in opposing directions in order to brace oneself in position.
blackout: A temporary loss of consciousness.
blackout: A temporary loss of memory.
blackout: A large-scale power failure, and resulting loss of electricity to consumers.
blackout: An instance of censorship, especially a temporary one.
blackout: An intentional outage of a website or other online service, typically as a form of protest.
blackout: The mandatory blocking of all light emanating from buildings, as well as outdoor and street lighting as a measure against aerial bombing or naval attack, as imposed during, e.g., World War II.
blackout: The blocking out of as much light as possible.
blackout: A mass murder committed, usually in an urban area, to eliminate potential witnesses of a previous crime.
hoodwink: An act of hiding from sight, or something that cloaks or hides another thing from view.
hoodwink: The game of blind man's buff.
postcard: A rectangular piece of thick paper or thin cardboard intended to be written on and mailed without an envelope. In the case of a picture postcard, one side displays a picture or photograph.
enzootic: a disease which is consistently prevalent in a population of non-human animals in a limited region, season or climate.
hegemony: Domination, influence, or authority over another, especially by one political group over a society or by one nation over others.
hegemony: Dominance of one social group over another, such that the ruling group or hegemon acquires some degree of consent from the subordinate, as opposed to dominance purely by force.
cannabis: A tall annual dioecious plant (Cannabis, especially Cannabis sativa), native to central Asia and having alternate, palmately divided leaves and tough bast fibers.
cannabis: A mildly euphoriant or sedating, intoxicating hallucinogenic drug prepared from various parts of this plant.
cannabis: The purified and decarboxylated resin of the cannabis plant used for medicinal purposes rather than for any intoxicating effects.
ointment: A viscous preparation of oils and/or fats, usually containing medication, used as a treatment or as an emollient.
ointment: A substance used to anoint, as in religious rituals.
virtuosa: a female virtuoso
minority: The state of being a minor; youth, the period of a person's life prior to reaching adulthood.
minority: Any subgroup that does not form a numerical majority.
minority: A member of an ethnic minority.
minority: A group of people seen as distinct who are subordinated and discriminated against in a society.
minority: A Muslim.
category: A group, often named or numbered, to which items are assigned based on similarity or defined criteria.
category: A collection of objects, together with a transitively closed collection of composable arrows between them, such that every object has an identity arrow, and such that arrow composition is associative.
pleasant: A wit; a humorist; a buffoon.
consumer: One who, or that which, consumes.
consumer: Someone who trades money for goods or services as an individual.
consumer: The consumer base of a product, service or business.
consumer: An organism (heterotroph) that uses other organisms for food in order to gain energy.
cenobite: A new or recent member of a Greek monastic religious order; a caloyer.
cenobite: A monk who lives in a religious community, rather than in solitude.
cenobite: A torturous demon creature made famous by the Hellraiser series.
flexible: Something that is flexible.
hebetude: Mental lethargy or dullness.
majority: More than half (50%) of some group.
majority: The difference between the winning vote and the rest of the votes.
majority: Legal adulthood, age of majority.
majority: The office held by a member of the armed forces in the rank of major.
majority: Ancestors; ancestry.
flounder: A European species of flatfish having dull brown colouring with reddish-brown blotches; fluke, European flounder, Platichthys flesus.
flounder: Any of various flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae or Bothidae.
flounder: A bootmaker's tool for crimping boot fronts.
property: Something that is owned.
property: A piece of real estate, such as a parcel of land.
property: Real estate; the business of selling houses.
property: The exclusive right of possessing, enjoying and disposing of a thing.
property: An attribute or abstract quality associated with an individual, object or concept.
property: An attribute or abstract quality which is characteristic of a class of objects.
property: An editable or read-only parameter associated with an application, component or class.
property: A prop, an object used in a dramatic production.
property: A script, book, screenplay, or the like that is on the market or has been bought for commercial production as a stage play, movie, or the like.
property: A script, book, screenplay, or the like that is on the market or has been bought for commercial production as a stage play, movie, or the like.
property: A produced stage play, movie, or the like.
property: Propriety; correctness.
shoplift: A shoplifter.
existent: a being or entity that exists independently
elegance: Grace, refinement, and beauty in movement, appearance, or manners.
elegance: Restraint and grace of style.
elegance: The beauty of an idea characterized by minimalism and intuitiveness while preserving exactness and precision.
elegance: A refinement or luxury.
gobshite: One who engages in nonsensical chatter or unwanted conversation.
gobshite: A person of very poor judgment and unpleasant character.
delivery: The act of conveying something.
delivery: The item which has been conveyed.
delivery: The act of giving birth
delivery: A pitching motion.
delivery: A thrown pitch.
delivery: The manner of speaking.
delivery: The administration of a drug.
delivery: A ball bowled.
delivery: The process of throwing a stone.
delivery: Process of introducing foreign DNA into host cells.
delivery: A cross or pass
beriberi: An ailment caused by a deficiency of thiamine (vitamin B1), leading to lethargy and organ complications.
fumarole: An opening in the ground that emits steam and gases due to volcanic activity.
coronary: Any of the coronary vessels; a coronary artery or coronary vein.
coronary: Ellipsis of coronary thrombosis..
coronary: A small bone in the foot of a horse.
minotaur: Anything resembling the Greek monster, whether by appearance or by strength.
conflict: A clash or disagreement, often violent, between two or more opposing groups or individuals.
conflict: An incompatibility, as of two things that cannot be simultaneously fulfilled.
estimate: A rough calculation or assessment of the value, size, or cost of something.
estimate: A document (or verbal notification) specifying how much a job is likely to cost.
estimate: An upper limitation on some positive quantity.
narrator: One who narrates or tells stories.
narrator: The person or the "voice" whose viewpoint is used in telling a story.
narrator: The person providing the voice-over in a documentary.
ambigram: A calligraphic design that may be read as the same word or phrase (or sometimes different words or phrases) when oriented in two different ways, usually when reflected along a vertical or horizontal axis or when rotated through 180 degrees.
quids in: Coming into or saving money through some financial transaction.
solution: A homogeneous mixture, which may be liquid, gas or solid, formed by dissolving one or more substances.
solution: An act, plan or other means, used or proposed, to solve a problem.
solution: An answer to a problem.
solution: A product, service or suite thereof, especially software.
solution: Satisfaction of a claim or debt.
solution: The act of dissolving, especially of a solid by a fluid; dissolution.
solution: The crisis of a disease.
bad news: News of unpleasant, unfortunate or sad events.
bad news: An irritating, troublesome or harmful thing, situation or person.
carcanet: A richly decorative collar.
twoccing: The act of taking a car without the owner's consent, usually in order to engage in joyriding.
virtuoso: An expert in virtù or art objects and antiquities; a connoisseur.
virtuoso: Someone with special skill or knowledge; an expert.
virtuoso: Specifically, a musician (or other performer) with masterly ability, technique, or personal style.
practice: Repetition of an activity to improve a skill.
practice: An organized event for the purpose of performing such repetition.
practice: The ongoing pursuit of a craft or profession, particularly in medicine or the fine arts.
practice: A place where a professional service is provided, such as a general practice.
practice: The observance of religious duties that a church requires of its members.
practice: A customary action, habit, or behaviour; a manner or routine.
practice: Actual operation or experiment, in contrast to theory.
practice: The form, manner, and order of conducting and carrying on suits and prosecutions through their various stages, according to the principles of law and the rules laid down by the courts.
practice: Skilful or artful management; dexterity in contrivance or the use of means; stratagem; artifice.
practice: An easy and concise method of applying the rules of arithmetic to questions which occur in trade and business.
suss law: A former (1824–1981) law by which police officers were permitted to arrest anyone under suspicion of having committed a crime
grimoire: A book of instructions in the use of alchemy or magic, especially one containing spells for summoning demons.
seasonal: Anything that is seasonal, such as a financial trend, a product for sale, or an employee.
tomahawk: An ax used by Native American warriors.
tomahawk: A dunk performed with one's arm behind one's head.
tomahawk: A geometric construction consisting of a semicircle and two line segments that serves as a tool for trisecting an angle; so called from its resemblance to the American Indian axe.
tomahawk: A field hockey shot style that involves a player turning their hockey stick upside-down and swinging it so that its inside edge will come into contact with the ball.
inferior: A person of lower rank, stature, or ability to another.
inferior: An inferior letter, figure, or symbol.
spoofing: A method of attacking a computer program, in which the program is modified so as to appear to be working normally when in reality it has been modified with the purpose of circumventing security mechanisms.
spoofing: Phishing.
windpipe: The trachea.
windpipe: Any duct for air or other gas.
windpipe: A section of road or bridleway which has a reputation for having strong crosswinds or localized wind swirls.
windpipe: The anus.
offshore: An area or or portion of sea away from the shore.
offshore: An island, outcrop, or other land away from shore.
offshore: Something or someone in, from, or associated with another country.
arboreal: Any tree-dwelling creature.
pandemic: A pandemic disease; a disease that affects a wide geographical area and a large proportion of the population.
conquest: An act or instance of achieving victory through combat; the subjugation of an enemy.
conquest: An act or instance of gaining control of or mastery over something, overcoming obstacles.
conquest: That which is conquered; possession gained by mental or physical effort, force, or struggle.
conquest: The acquiring of property by other means than by inheritance; acquisition.
conquest: A person whose romantic affections one has gained, or with whom one has had sex, or the act of gaining another's romantic affections.
conquest: A competitive mode found in first-person shooter games in which competing teams (usually two) attempt to take over predetermined spawn points labeled by flags.
allision: The striking of a vessel against a fixed object; the act of alliding or an instance thereof.
allision: The act of dashing against or striking upon.
gay icon: A celebrity who is much admired by gay men and/or lesbians.
parvenue: female equivalent of parvenu
prodigal: A prodigal person; a spendthrift; a wastrel.
contrary: The opposite.
contrary: One of a pair of propositions that cannot both be simultaneously true, though they may both be false.
superior: A person of higher rank or quality, especially a colleague in a higher position.
superior: The senior person in a monastic community.
superior: A person of higher rank or quality, especially a colleague in a higher position.
superior: The head of certain religious institutions and colleges.
superior: A superior letter, figure, or symbol.
superior: One who has made an original grant of heritable property to a tenant or vassal, on condition of a certain annual payment (feu duty) or of the performance of certain services.
bunghole: Alternative spelling of bung-hole
compiler: One who compiles.
compiler: A computer program which transforms source code into object code.
verbatim: A word-for-word report of a speech.
superman: An imagined superior type of human being representing a new stage of human development; an übermensch, an overman.
superman: A man of extraordinary or seemingly superhuman powers.
guardian: Someone who guards, watches over, or protects.
guardian: A person legally responsible for a minor (in loco parentis).
guardian: A person legally responsible for an incompetent person.
guardian: A superior in a Franciscan monastery.
guardian: A major or final enemy; boss.
fruition: The fulfillment of something worked for.
fruition: The enjoyment derived from a possession.
fruition: The condition of bearing fruit.
contract: An agreement between two or more parties, to perform a specific job or work order, often temporary or of fixed duration and usually governed by a written agreement.
contract: An agreement which the law will enforce in some way. A legally binding contract must contain at least one promise, i.e., a commitment or offer, by an offeror to and accepted by an offeree to do something in the future. A contract is thus executory rather than executed.
contract: The document containing such an agreement.
contract: A part of legal studies dealing with laws and jurisdiction related to contracts.
contract: An order, usually given to a hired assassin, to kill someone.
contract: The declarer's undertaking to win the number of tricks bid with a stated suit as trump.
leporine: Synonym of leporid (“any mammal of the family Leporidae: the hares and rabbits”)
leporine: A supposed hybrid between a hare and a rabbit, now known not to exist; a leporide.
confound: A confounding variable.
ceremony: A ritual, with religious or cultural significance.
ceremony: An official gathering to celebrate, commemorate, or otherwise mark some event.
ceremony: A formal socially established behaviour, often in relation to people of different ranks; formality.
ceremony: Show of magnificence, display, ostentation.
ceremony: An accessory or object associated with a ritual.
ceremony: An omen or portent.
cocktail: A mixed alcoholic beverage.
cocktail: A mixture of other substances or things.
cocktail: A horse, not of pure breed, but having only one eighth or one sixteenth impure blood in its veins.
cocktail: A mean, half-hearted fellow.
cocktail: A species of rove beetle, so called from its habit of elevating the tail.
circular: An advertisement, directive or notice intended for mass circulation.
circular: Short for circular letter.
circular: Short for circular file.
circular: A sleeveless cloak cut from a circular pattern.
circular: A shuttle bus with a circular route.
starfish: Any of various asteroids or other echinoderms (not in fact fish) with usually five arms, many of which eat bivalves or corals by everting their stomach.
starfish: Any many-armed or tentacled sea invertebrate, whether cnidarian, echinoderm, or cephalopod.
starfish: A woman (or, less commonly, a gay man) who reluctantly takes part in sexual intercourse, and lies on the back while spreading the limbs.
starfish: The anus.
fellatio: The stimulation of the penis using the mouth.
darkness: The state of being dark; lack of light; the absolute or comparative absence of light.
darkness: The state or quality of reflecting little light, of tending to a blackish or brownish color.
darkness: Any space that such colour pervades.
darkness: Gloom; gloominess; depression.
darkness: The product of being dark.
darkness: Lack of understanding or compassion; spiritual or mental blindness.
darkness: Secrecy; concealment.
darkness: Lack of knowledge; obscurity or meaning or intelligibility; the unknown.
darkness: Nothingness, vanity, emptiness.
darkness: Hell.
compound: An enclosure within which workers, prisoners, or soldiers are confined.
compound: An enclosure for secure storage.
compound: A group of buildings situated close together, e.g. for a school or block of offices.
compound: Anything made by combining several things.
compound: A substance formed by chemical bonding of two or more elements in definite proportions by weight.
compound: A substance made from any combination of ingredients.
compound: A lexeme that consists of more than one stem.
compound: A legal procedure whereby a criminal or delinquent avoids prosecution in a court in exchange for his payment to the authorities of a financial penalty or fine.
compound: A lexeme that consists of more than one stem or an affix, e.g. bookshop, high school or non-standard.
compound: A compound locomotive, a steam locomotive with both high-pressure and low-pressure cylinders.
compound: Short for compound exercise.
backward: The state behind or past.
asthenic: A person who has asthenia.
coquette: A woman who flirts or plays with people's affections.
coquette: Any hummingbird in the genus Lophornis.
exertion: An expenditure of physical or mental effort.
antinomy: A contradiction within a law, or between different laws; also, a contradiction between authorities.
antinomy: Any contradiction or paradox.
antinomy: Any contradiction or paradox.
antinomy: In the thought of the German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724–1804): an apparent contradiction between valid conclusions; a paradox.
temerity: Reckless boldness; foolish bravery.
temerity: An act or case of reckless boldness.
temerity: Effrontery; impudence.
badinage: Playful raillery; banter.
recharge: Water that has percolated from the ground surface to an aquifer.
recharge: The process of charging (an electrical device) again.
altruism: Regard for others, both natural and moral without regard for oneself; devotion to the interests of others; brotherly kindness.
altruism: Action or behaviour that benefits another or others at some cost to the performer.
ballista: An ancient military engine, in the form of a crossbow, used for hurling large missiles.
dilation: The act of dilating.
dilation: State of being dilated; expansion; dilatation.
dilation: Delay.
dilation: In morphology, a basic operation (denoted ⊕) that usually uses a structuring element for probing and expanding the shapes contained in the input image.
citation: An official summons or notice given to a person to appear.
citation: The paper containing such summons or notice.
citation: The act of citing a passage from a text, or from another person, using the exact words of the original text or speech and giving credit to the original by referencing.
citation: An entry in a list of sources from which information was taken, typically following a prescribed bibliographical style; a reference.
citation: The passage or words quoted; a quotation.
citation: A quotation with attached bibliographical details demonstrating the use of a particular lexical item in a dictionary, especially a dictionary on historical principles.
citation: Enumeration; mention.
citation: A reference to decided cases, or books of authority, to prove a point in law.
citation: A commendation in recognition of some achievement, or a formal statement of an achievement.
anathema: A ban or curse pronounced with religious solemnity by ecclesiastical authority, often accompanied by excommunication; something denounced as accursed.
anathema: Something which is vehemently disliked by somebody.
anathema: An imprecation; a curse; a malediction.
anathema: Any person or thing anathematized, or cursed by ecclesiastical authority to unending punishment.
colossus: A statue of gigantic size. The name was especially applied to certain famous statues in antiquity, as the Colossus of Nero in Rome and the Colossus of Rhodes, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
colossus: Any creature or thing of gigantic size.
colossus: Somebody or something very greatly admired and respected.
cavalier: A military man serving on horse, (chiefly) early modern cavalry officers who had abandoned the heavy armor of medieval knights.
cavalier: A gallant: a sprightly young dashing military man.
cavalier: A gentleman of the class of such officers
cavalier: A gentleman of the class of such officers
cavalier: A courtesan or noble under Charles I of England, particularly a royalist partisan during the English Civil War which ended his reign.
cavalier: Someone with an uncircumcised penis.
cavalier: A defensive work rising from a bastion, etc., and overlooking the surrounding area.
divorcee: A divorced person.
disarray: Lack of array or regular order; disorder; confusion.
disarray: Confused attire; undress; dishabille.
disquiet: Lack of quiet; absence of tranquility in body or mind
ethology: The scientific study of human and animal behaviour.
ethology: The study of the human ethos.
crusader: A fighter in the medieval Crusades who had taken the Cross.
crusader: A person engaged in a crusade.
crusader: An American, especially a soldier or leader who wages war against Islamist militants.
crusader: A Westerner; a Christian, especially of European descent or a missionary.
crusader: (either attributively or in the plural) The United States and its Western allies.
foolscap: Alternative form of fool's cap
foolscap: Writing paper sheets measuring 13.25 x 16.5 inches
foolscap: Such a sheet folded or cut in half, thus approximately 8 x 13.25 inches.
foolscap: Printing paper measuring 13.5 inches x 17 inches.
fatality: The state proceeding from destiny; invincible necessity, superior to, and independent of, free and rational control. [from c.]
fatality: The state proceeding from destiny; invincible necessity, superior to, and independent of, free and rational control.
fatality: Tendency to death, destruction or danger, as if by decree of fate. [from c.]
fatality: Tendency to death, destruction or danger, as if by decree of fate.
fatality: That which is decreed by fate or which is fatal; a fatal event. [from c.]
fatality: That which is decreed by fate or which is fatal; a fatal event.
fatality: Death.
fatality: An accident that causes death. [from c.]
fatality: An accident that causes death.
fatality: A person killed.
fatality: A move used to deliver a coup de grâce to a defeated opponent.
eugenics: A social philosophy or practice which advocates the improvement of human hereditary qualities through selective breeding, either by encouraging people with good genetic qualities to reproduce (positive eugenics), or discouraging people with bad genetic qualities from reproducing (negative eugenics), or by technological means.
fatalism: The doctrine that all events are subject to fate or inevitable necessity, or determined in advance in such a way that human beings cannot alter them.
fatalist: One who maintains that all things happen by inevitable necessity; a person who believes in fatalism.
fixation: The act of fixing.
fixation: The state of being fixed or fixated.
fixation: The act of uniting chemically with a solid substance or in a solid form; reduction to a non-volatile condition; -- said of volatile elements.
fixation: The act or process of ceasing to be fluid and becoming firm.
fixation: In metals, a state of resistance to evaporation or volatilization by heat.
fixation: A state of mind involving obsession with a particular person, idea, or thing.
fixation: A state of mind involving obsession with a particular person, idea, or thing.
fixation: A sexual fetish or turn-on; something one seeks in a romantic partner, often rejecting partners without the characteristic.
fixation: Recording a creative work in a medium of expression for more than a transitory duration, thereby satisfying the "fixation" requirement for the purposes of copyright law.
fixation: The change in a gene pool from a situation where there exists at least two variants of a particular gene (allele) to a situation where only one of the alleles remains.
fixation: preservation of biological tissues from decay due to autolysis or putrefaction.
fixation: process by which an injury is rendered immobile.
fixation: maintaining of the gaze on a single location.
grisette: A (chiefly French) girl or young married woman of the lower class; especially, a young working-class woman of perceived easy morals.
grisette: The grisette amanita (Amanita vaginata), an edible mushroom in the amanita family.
grisette: A variety of low-alcohol beer that is light in body, with a noticeable tartness similar to other farmhouse ales.
hairless: An animal of a hairless breed.
corvette: A flush-decked warship of the 17th-18th centuries having a single tier of guns; it ranked next below a frigate; – called in the United States navy a sloop of war.
corvette: In a modern navy, a lightly armed and armoured blue water warship, smaller than a frigate, capable of transoceanic duty.
corvette: In a modern navy, a lightly armed and armoured blue water warship, smaller than a frigate, capable of transoceanic duty.
corvette: A starship of comparable role
struggle: A contortion of the body in an attempt to escape or to perform a difficult task.
struggle: Strife, contention, great effort.
strength: The quality or degree of being strong.
strength: The intensity of a force or power; potency.
strength: The strongest part of something; that on which confidence or reliance is based.
strength: A positive attribute.
strength: An armed force, a body of troops.
strength: A strong place; a stronghold.
gyration: The act of turning or whirling, especially around a fixed axis or centre; a circular or spiral motion; rotation.
gyration: The act of turning or whirling, especially around a fixed axis or centre; a circular or spiral motion; rotation.
gyration: A rotation around an axis which is not the centre of rotational symmetry; an eccentric or off-centre rotation.
gyration: One of the whorls of a spiral univalve shell.
gyration: The arrangement of convolutions of gyri in the cerebral cortex of the brain.
heredity: Hereditary transmission of the physical and genetic qualities of parents to their offspring; the biological law by which living beings tend to repeat their characteristics in their descendants.
playtime: Time for play or diversion.
playtime: A time when children can play outside during the school day.
playtime: A duration of time when one is not as serious as they could be, especially in a conflict of sorts.
playtime: The duration of a recording.
disgrace: The condition of being out of favor; loss of favor, regard, or respect.
disgrace: The state of being dishonored, or covered with shame.
disgrace: Something which brings dishonor; the cause of reproach or shame; great discredit.
disgrace: An act of unkindness; a disfavor.
hornbeam: A tree of the genus Carpinus, having a smooth gray bark and a ridged trunk, the wood being white and very hard, common along the banks of streams in the United States.
hornbeam: A hop hornbeam (Ostrya virginiana).
hornbeam: The wood of these trees.
dominant: The fifth major tone of a musical scale (five major steps above the note in question); thus G is the dominant of C, A of D, and so on.
dominant: The triad built on the dominant tone.
dominant: A gene that is dominant.
dominant: A species or organism that is dominant.
dominant: The dominating partner in sadomasochistic sexual activity.
madwoman: A woman who is insane.
discount: A reduction in price.
discount: A deduction made for interest, in advancing money upon, or purchasing, a bill or note not due; payment in advance of interest upon money.
discount: The rate of interest charged in discounting.
discount: A lack or shortcoming.
discount: The act of one who believes, or act as though they believe, that their own feelings are more important than the reality of a situation.
longhand: The written characters used in the common method of writing; opposed to shorthand, or typing or printing; handwriting.
knapsack: A case of canvas or leather, for carrying items on the back.
knapsack: A set of values from which a subset is chosen.
mangonel: A military engine formerly used for throwing stones and burning objects.
mangonel: A traction trebuchet (trebuchet operated by manpower).
mangonel: A military engine formerly used for throwing stones and burning objects.
mangonel: An onager (type of catapult).
interact: A short act or piece between others, as in a play; a break between acts.
interact: Intermediate employment or time.
interact: A pair or series of acts involving more than one person.
isthmian: A native or inhabitant of an isthmus.
mameluke: A member of various military regimes in the Middle East created and run by freed slave soldiers, mainly from the Eurasian steppe or the Caucasus; in particular, those who formed a ruling caste in Egypt from 1250 until 1812 and in Syria until 1516.
mameluke: A slave (especially European and white) in a Middle Eastern Muslim country.
mameluke: A fool.
mismatch: Something that does not match; something dissimilar, inappropriate or unsuitable.
insanity: The state of being insane; madness.
moquette: A kind of fabric with a thick pile used for carpeting or to upholster seating, etc.
moquette: An article covered in such material.
nativist: An advocate of nativism.
fortress: A fortified place; a large and permanent fortification, sometimes including a town; for example a fort, a castle; a stronghold; a place of defense or security.
fortress: A position that, if obtained by the weaker side, will prevent penetration by the opposing side, generally achieving a draw.
overstay: The act of staying too long.
ophidian: Any species of the suborder Serpentes; a snake or serpent.
farewell: A wish of happiness or safety at parting, especially a permanent departure
farewell: A departure; the act of leaving
playmate: A companion for someone (especially a child) to play with.
playmate: A female who has appeared as the centerfold in Playboy magazine.
playmate: A person's lover.
document: An original or official paper used as the basis, proof, or support of anything else, including any writing, book, or other instrument conveying information pertinent to such proof or support.
document: Any material substance on which the information is represented by writing.
document: A file that contains text.
document: An object conveying information by whatever means, capable of being indexed alongside other similar objects.
document: That which is taught or authoritatively set forth; precept; instruction; dogma.
document: An example for instruction or warning.
martinet: A strict disciplinarian.
martinet: Anyone who lays stress on a rigid adherence to the details of discipline, or to forms and fixed methods or rules.
martinet: A martin; a swift.
pedantry: An excessive attention to detail or rules.
pedantry: An excessive attention to detail or rules.
pedantry: An instance of such behaviour.
pedantry: An overly ambitious display of learning.
diabetes: Diabetes mellitus; any of a group of metabolic diseases whereby a person (or other animal) has high blood sugar due to an inability to produce, or inability to metabolize, sufficient quantities of the hormone insulin.
diabetes: Any food or beverage with a high amount of sugar.
diabetes: Diabetes insipidus; any condition characterized by excessive or incontinent urine, now specifically as caused by impaired production of, or response to, the antidiuretic hormone vasopressin.
prenatal: A person who is expecting to give birth.
prenatal: A dietary supplement to be taken by somebody expecting to give birth.
myrmidon: A soldier or a subordinate civil officer who executes orders of a superior without protest or pity (sometimes applied to bailiffs, constables, etc).
offshoot: Something which shoots off or separates from a main stem or branch of a plant.
offshoot: Somethng which develops from something else.
septette: A set of seven persons or objects.
septette: A musical composition for seven instruments or seven voices; a septuor.
pugilist: One who fights with their fists; especially a professional prize fighter; a boxer.
preserve: A sweet spread made of any of a variety of fruits.
preserve: A reservation, a nature preserve.
preserve: An activity with restricted access.
priority: An item's relative importance.
priority: A goal of a person or an organisation.
priority: The quality of being earlier or coming first compared to another thing; the state of being prior.
priority: A superior claim to use by virtue of being validly published at an earlier date.
priority: Precedence; superior rank.
priority: Right of way; The right to pass (an intersection) before other road users.
spandrel: The space (often more or less triangular) between the outer curve of an arch (the extrados) and a straight-sided figure that bounds it; the space between two contiguous arches and a straight feature above them.
spandrel: Horizontal member between the windows of successive storeys of a tall building.
spandrel: The triangular space under a stair; the material that fills the space.
spandrel: An oriental rug having a pattern of arches; the design in the corners of such a rug, especially in a prayer rug.
spandrel: A phenotypic characteristic that evolved as a side effect of an adaptation in response to evolutionary pressure.
splitter: A person or a thing that splits.
splitter: A wedge used to cut logs down the middle.
splitter: A quarry worker who splits slate into sheets.
splitter: A scientist in one of various fields who prefers to split categories such as species or dialects up into smaller groups.
splitter: A split-finger fastball.
splitter: A draggable vertical or horizontal bar used to adjust the relative sizes of two adjacent windows.
splitter: A wheaten cake split and buttered when hot.
splitter: One who splits hairs in argument, etc.
splitter: A device with two electrical plugs that plugs into an electrical outlet, effectively converting the electrical outlet into two; socket converter.
scribble: Careless, hasty writing, doodle or drawing
saturate: Something saturated, especially a saturated fat.
roulette: A game of chance in which a small ball is made to move round rapidly on a circle divided off into numbered (usually red and black) spaces. When the ball stops, it indicates the result of a variety of wagers permitted by the game.
roulette: An instance of risk-taking, especially when the downside exceeds the upside (contrary to the game of roulette where only the wager is lost).
roulette: A small toothed wheel used by engravers to roll over a plate in order to produce rows of dots.
roulette: A similar wheel used to roughen the surface of a plate, as in making alterations in a mezzotint.
roulette: The locus of a point on a plane curve that rolls without slipping along another fixed plane curve.
roulette: Any of the small incisions on a sheet of stamps, used as an alternative to perforations.
roulette: A cylindrical curler for the hair.
shroomer: A person who gathers wild mushrooms.
shroomer: A person who consumes hallucinogenic mushrooms for their effects.
frontier: The part of a country which borders or faces another country or unsettled region.
frontier: The most advanced or recent version of something; leading edge.
frontier: An outwork of a fortification.
partisan: An adherent to a party or faction.
partisan: A fervent, sometimes militant, supporter or proponent of a party, cause, faction, person, or idea.
partisan: A member of a band of detached light, irregular troops acting behind occupying enemy lines in the ways of harassment or sabotage; a guerrilla fighter.
partisan: The commander of a body of detached light troops engaged in making forays and harassing an enemy.
partisan: A long-handled spear with a triangular, double-edged blade having lateral projections, in some forms also used in boar hunting.
partisan: A soldier armed with such a weapon.
overlook: A vista or point that gives a beautiful view.
strainer: A device through which a liquid is passed for purification, filtering or separation from solid matter; anything (including a screen or a cloth) used to strain a liquid.
strainer: A perforated screen or openwork (usually at the end of a suction pipe of a pump), used to prevent solid bodies from mixing in a liquid stream or flowline.
strainer: One who strains.
underlet: Synonym of sublease.
unhealth: Lack or absence of health; unsoundness; infirmity; disease.
underset: undercurrent (of water)
sanguine: Blood colour; red.
sanguine: Anything of a blood-red colour, as cloth.
sanguine: A tincture, seldom used, of a blood-red colour (not to be confused with murrey).
sanguine: Bloodstone.
sanguine: Red crayon.
marjoram: A herb of the mint family, Origanum majorana, having aromatic leaves.
marjoram: The leaves of this plant used in flavouring food.
tutelage: The act of guarding, protecting, or guiding; guardianship; protection
tutelage: The state of being under a guardian or a tutor; care or protection enjoyed.
tutelage: Instruction; teaching; guidance.
tenacity: The quality or state of being tenacious, or persistence of purpose; tenaciousness.
tenacity: The quality of bodies which keeps them from parting without considerable force, as distinguished from brittleness, fragility, mobility, etc.
tenacity: The effect of this attraction, cohesiveness.
tenacity: The quality of bodies which makes them adhere to other bodies; adhesiveness, viscosity.
tenacity: The greatest longitudinal stress a substance can bear without tearing asunder, usually expressed with reference to a unit area of the cross section of the substance, as the number of pounds per square inch, or kilograms per square centimeter, necessary to produce rupture.
entreaty: The act of entreating or beseeching; a strong petition; pressing solicitation; begging.
entreaty: A treatment; reception; entertainment.
solitary: One who lives alone, or in solitude; an anchorite, hermit or recluse.
solitary: Solitary confinement.
solitary: The state of being solitary; solitude
solitary: The Rodrigues solitaire (Pezophaps solitaria), an extinct flightless bird.
agreeing: An agreement.
progress: Movement or advancement through a series of events, or points in time; development through time.
progress: Specifically, advancement to a higher or more developed state; development, growth.
progress: An official journey made by a monarch or other high personage; a state journey, a circuit.
progress: A journey forward; travel.
progress: Movement onwards or forwards or towards a specific objective or direction; advance.
trimeter: A line in a poem having three metrical feet.
trimeter: a poetic metre in which each line has three feet.
volcanic: A volcanic rock.
official: An office holder, a person holding an official position in government, sports, or other organization.
stalling: The act of a person or thing that stalls.
stalling: Stabling.
weaponry: Weapons, collectively
ring-man: Alternative form of ringman
vignette: A running ornament consisting of leaves and tendrils, used in Gothic architecture.
vignette: A decorative design, originally representing vine branches or tendrils, at the head of a chapter, of a manuscript or printed book, or in a similar position.
vignette: Any small borderless picture in a book, especially an engraving, photograph, or the like, which vanishes gradually at the edge.
vignette: A short story or anecdote that presents a scene or tableau, or paints a picture.
vignette: The central pictorial image on a postage stamp.
vignette: The characteristic of a camera lens, either by deficiency in design or by mismatch of the lens with the film format, that produces an image smaller than the film's frame with a crudely focused border. Photographers may deliberately choose this characteristic for a special effect.
vignette: Any effect in a photographic picture where qualities vanish towards the edges.
vignette: A hardware deficiency (even occurring in most expensive models) of a computer display wherein the picture slants towards a colour or brightness towards the edges especially if viewed from an angle.
vignette: A small sticker affixed to a vehicle windscreen to indicate that tolls have been paid.
gimcrack: Something showy but worthless; a bauble or gimmick.
unlikely: Something or somebody considered unlikely.
amnesiac: Person who suffers from loss of memory (amnesia).
striking: The act by which something strikes or is struck.
purchase: The acquisition of title to, or property in, anything for a price; buying for money or its equivalent.
purchase: That which is obtained, got or acquired, in any manner, honestly or dishonestly; property; possession; acquisition.
purchase: That which is obtained for a price in money or its equivalent.
purchase: The act or process of seeking and obtaining something (e.g. property, etc.)
purchase: A price paid for a house or estate, etc. equal to the amount of the rent or income during the stated number of years.
purchase: Any mechanical hold or advantage, applied to the raising or removing of heavy bodies, as by a lever, a tackle or capstan.
purchase: The apparatus, tackle or device by which such mechanical advantage is gained and (in nautical terminology) the ratio of such a device, like a pulley, or block and tackle.
purchase: The amount of hold one has from an individual foothold or ledge.
purchase: Acquisition of lands or tenements by means other than descent or inheritance, namely, by one's own act or agreement.
Algonkin: Alternative form of Algonquin
notebook: A book in which notes or memoranda are written.
notebook: A kind of user interface in literate programming, allowing calculations to be interspersed with human-readable comments, diagrams, etc.
notebook: Ellipsis of notebook computer. A laptop.
wormfood: Alternative form of worm food
ultraist: One who pushes a principle or measure to extremes
moderate: One who holds an intermediate position between extremes, as in politics.
moderate: One of a party in Scottish Church history dominant in the 18th century, lax in doctrine and discipline, but intolerant of evangelicalism and popular rights. It caused the secessions of 1733 and 1761, and its final resultant was the Disruption of 1843.
desition: An end, ending or conclusion
deskwork: work done at a desk, as by an office worker
celerity: Speed, swiftness.
celerity: The speed of an individual wave (as opposed to the speed of groups of waves); often denoted c.
celerity: The speed of an individual wave (as opposed to the speed of groups of waves); often denoted c.
celerity: The speed with which a perturbation to the flow propagates through the flow domain.
celerity: The speed of symbol transmission, now called baud rate.
pedology: The sub-discipline of soil science that: studies soils as a component of natural systems or deals with soil genesis and soil classification or studies the soil profile or solum in its natural setting.
pedology: The study of the behaviour and development of children.
geotaxis: A living creature's ability to move by orienting itself by gravitational forces.
geotaxis: A downward movement.
copyleft: The philosophy of using copyrights to enforce freedom of information, especially software source code.
copyleft: A software license that follows this philosophy.
sanidine: A variety of orthoclase feldspar found as tabular crystals embedded in volcanic rocks. Some forms (called moonstone) exhibit adularescence.
veganism: A way of life which strictly avoids use of any kind of animal products and services that are based on exploitation of living animals.
gumption: Common sense, initiative, resourcefulness.
gumption: Boldness of enterprise; aggressiveness or initiative.
gumption: Energy of body and mind, enthusiasm.
agrology: A subdiscipline of agronomy (the science of utilizing animals, plants, and soils) and of soil science which addresses the influence of edaphic (soil-related) conditions on crop production for optimizing it.
agrology: The science and art of agriculture.
adularia: A variety of orthoclase feldspar found as colorless to white prismatic crystals in cavities in metamorphic rocks. Some specimens reflect a bluish sheen along crystal faces. This phenomenon is called adularescence, and adularia with this property is called moonstone. (See sanidine).
jerk off: Alternative form of jerkoff (“an obnoxious person”)
jerk off: An act of masturbation.
jerk off: A stunt in which the performer is suddenly pulled off a horse, etc. by means of a cable.
kingfish: Any of several food fishes of the genus Menticirrhus from the Atlantic; kingcroakers.
kingfish: Other Atlantic fish
kingfish: opah (Lampris guttatus), of the United Kingdom
kingfish: Other Atlantic fish
kingfish: white croaker (Genyonemus lineatus), of the United Kingdom
kingfish: Other Atlantic fish
kingfish: wahoo (Acanthocybium solandri), of Barbados
kingfish: Other Atlantic fish
kingfish: king mackerel (Scomberomorus cavalla)
kingfish: Any of several similar fishes of the Pacific.
kingfish: narrow-barred Spanish mackerel (Scomberomorus commerson) of Australia
kingfish: Any of several similar fishes of the Pacific.
kingfish: Japanese meagre (Argyrosomus japonicus) of Australia
kingfish: Any of several similar fishes of the Pacific.
kingfish: yellowtail amberjack (Seriola lalandi) of Australia and New Zealand
kingfish: Any of several similar fishes of the Pacific.
kingfish: silver gemfish (Rexea solandri) of Australia
kingfish: Fish of genus Caranx
kingfish: crevalle jack (Caranx hippos) of Mauritania
kingfish: Fish of genus Caranx
kingfish: giant trevally or travelli (Caranx ignobilis) of South Africa
kingfish: Cobia (Rachycentron canadum), of warm waters globally.
andesine: Sodium calcium aluminum silicate, (Na_xCa_xAlSi_3O_8), a plagioclase feldspar, the third member of the albite-anorthite solid solution series. Found in fine-grained andesite lavas; crystals are rarely seen.
smoothie: A smooth-talking person.
smoothie: A drink made from whole fruit, thus thicker than fruit juice.
smoothie: A blending of different things, a mishmash
smoothie: A member of the mod subculture who is relatively non-violent and wears expensive clothing.
flathead: Any fish in the family Platycephalidae.
flathead: Alternative form of flathead catfish
flathead: A type of screw or bolt designed to fit in a countersink so that it sits flush with a surface.
flathead: A type of engine that has the valves placed in the engine block beside the piston, instead of in the cylinder head, as in an overhead valve engine.
gargoyle: A carved grotesque figure on a spout which conveys water away from the gutters.
gargoyle: Any decorative carved grotesque figure on a building.
gargoyle: A fictional winged monster.
gargoyle: An ugly woman.
lastborn: The youngest child of a family.
lastborn: The youngest member of any company or organization.
feldspar: Any of a large group of rock-forming minerals that, together, make up about 60% of the earth's outer crust. The feldspars are all aluminum silicates of the alkali metals sodium, potassium, calcium and barium. Feldspars are the principal constituents of igneous and plutonic rocks.
diatribe: An abusive, bitter verbal or written attack, criticism or denunciation.
diatribe: A prolonged discourse; a long-winded speech.
licensee: A person to whom a license is granted.
licensee: A person to whom a license is granted.
licensee: A publican (because a license is needed to run a pub).
hologamy: A form of sexual reproduction in which the gametes are approximately the same shape and size as the somatic cells
jalousie: A component in a ventilation system.
jalousie: Upward sloping window slats which form a blind or shutter, allowing light and air in but excluding rain and direct sun.
jalousie: A pastry with the upper side sliced before final baking to resemble a wooden slatted blind.
hologram: A three-dimensional image of an object created by holography.
trevally: Any of certain fishes of the family Carangidae, especially of the genera Caranx and Pseudocaranx.
trevally: A trevalla (family Centrolophidae).
old fart: An elderly person who holds old-fashioned views.
bestiary: A medieval treatise of various real or imaginary animals.
bestiary: A list or guidebook of the monsters to be found in a roleplaying game.
mantilla: A lace veil of Spanish origin worn over a woman's hair and shoulders.
mantilla: A woman's light cloak or cape made of silk, velvet, lace, or other material.
triptych: A picture or series of pictures painted on three tablets connected by hinges.
triptych: A group of three people or works, especially when considered representative of a particular field or theme.
triptych: A film or video sequence intended to be shown on a triple screen with the use of linked projectors.
triptych: A group of three people or works, especially when considered representative of a particular field or theme.
triptych: A set of three se-tenant postage stamps that form a composite picture.
triptych: A group of three people or works, especially when considered representative of a particular field or theme.
triptych: Any set of three closely connected ideas or objects.
amygdala: Each one of the two regions of the brain, located as a pair in the medial temporal lobe, believed to play a key role in processing emotions, such as fear and pleasure, in both animals and humans.
silicate: Any salt of silica or of one of the silicic acids; any mineral composed of silicates
lowering: The act of something being lowered.
lowering: Alternative form of louring.
sodalite: A mineral of alkaline igneous and plutonic rocks that are low in silica, of the chemical composition of sodium aluminum silicate with chlorine, Na₄Al₃Si₃O₁₂Cl. Pink sodalite is sometimes called hackmanite. Sodalite and lazurite form the sodalite Group of silicate minerals.
bag lady: A homeless woman who carries her possessions with her in bags.
dumbfuck: Alternative form of dumb fuck
lily pad: The round leaf of a water lily, which floats on the surface of the water.
cobblers: testicles.
cobblers: Nonsense.
butchers: Alternative form of butcher's (Cockney rhyming slang).
fuckhead: A stupid or otherwise undesirable person
freshman: A person (of either sex) entering the first year of an institution, especially a high school (ninth grade for US and Canada, grade 7 for Philippines), a university, or legislative body.
freshman: A novice; one in the rudiments of knowledge.
fuckface: An ugly or otherwise undesirable or annoying person.
Rosy Lee: Alternative form of Rosie Lee (“tea”).
pork pie: A shortcrust pie containing chopped pork.
pork pie: Ellipsis of pork pie hat.
pork pie: A lie.
derision: Act of treating with disdain.
derision: Something to be derided; a laughing stock.
babyship: The quality of being a baby; the personality of an infant.
babblery: Babble
adelphia: Any plant of the genus Adelphia, of Latin America.
adelopod: An animal having feet that are not apparent.
buisness: Misspelling of business.
buzzword: A word drawn from, or imitative of, technical jargon, used more to impress others than to convey meaning.
mobisode: An episode of a television drama series condensed and broadcast to cellular phones.
mobisode: An episode of content (fiction or non-fiction) that has been created to be viewed with a cellular phone, or over the Internet; usually between 30 seconds and five minutes in length.
babyhood: The state or period of infancy.
populace: The common people of a nation.
populace: The inhabitants of a nation.
adultery: Sexual intercourse by a married person with someone other than their spouse. See more synonyms at Thesaurus:cuckoldry
adultery: Lewdness or unchastity of thought as well as act, as forbidden by the sixth/seventh commandment; sinful sexual behavior as a category.
adultery: Faithlessness in religion.
adultery: The fine and penalty formerly imposed for the offence of adultery.
adultery: The intrusion of a person into a bishopric during the life of the bishop.
adultery: Adulteration; corruption.
adultery: Injury; degradation; ruin.
aconitia: aconitine.
old lady: An elderly woman.
old lady: One's mother.
old lady: One's girlfriend, wife or significant other.
old lady: The Bank of England, sometimes referred to as the “Old Lady of Threadneedle Street” or simply “The Old Lady”.
old lady: A queen.
ejective: A nonpulmonic consonant formed by squeezing air trapped between the glottis and an articulator further forward, and releasing it suddenly.
atheling: A prince, especially an Anglo-Saxon prince or royal heir.
lazurite: A mineral of metamorphosed limestones. Lazurite forms the gemstone lapis lazuli, and crushed lazurite provided the ultramarine color in artists' paint of the Old Masters. Sodalite and lazurite form the sodalite group of silicate minerals. Chemical composition: Sodium aluminum silicate with sulphur, Na₄₋₅Al₃Si₃O₁₂S.
barreter: A variable resistor made up of a short length of very fine wire (usually platinum) having a positive temperature coefficient.
barreter: A contentious person, quarreler, or fighter.
priapism: A potentially painful or harmful medical condition in which the erect penis (erection) does not return to its flaccid state (despite the absence of both physical and psychological stimulation), often as a result of a spinal injury.
priapism: Obsessive focus on one's genitals or on the need for genital gratification.
derelict: Property abandoned by its former owner, especially a ship abandoned at sea.
derelict: An abandoned or forsaken person; an outcast.
derelict: A homeless and/or jobless person; a person who is (perceived as) negligent in their personal affairs and hygiene. (This sense is a modern development of the preceding sense.)
basionym: An earlier valid scientific name of a species that has since been renamed and from which the new name is partially derived.
dubplate: An acetate or vinyl record pressed in very limited numbers, especially one issued to disc jockeys in advance of an official release; specifically (and originally), one containing a piece of dub music (a style of reggae music, often instrumental, involving the mixing of different audio tracks).
aconitum: The poisonous herb aconite; also, an extract from it.
aconitum: Aconitum, a genus of plants in the family Ranunculaceae.
imperium: Supreme power; dominion.
imperium: The right to command the force of the state; sovereignty.
gyratory: A large traffic roundabout with non-standard lane markings or priorities, or with buildings on the central island.
hedonism: The belief that pleasure or happiness is the highest good in life. Some hedonists, such as the Epicureans, have insisted that pleasure of the entire mind, not just pleasure of the senses, is the highest good.
hedonism: A general devotion to the pursuit of pleasure.
mid-July: Any time in the middle of July.
watchdog: A guard dog.
watchdog: An individual or group that monitors the activities of another entity (such as an individual, corporation, non-profit group, or governmental organization) on behalf of the public to ensure that entity does not behave illegally or unethically.
watchdog: Ellipsis of watchdog timer.
fan base: The fans of a thing or person taken as a group.
mid-fall: The middle of fall.
mid-June: Any time in the middle of June.
starting: The act of something that starts.
paranoid: Someone suffering from paranoia
garbanzo: An edible pulse, Cicer arietinum, of the family Leguminosae or Fabaceae and subfamilies Faboideae or Papilionoideae, with white or purple-blue flowers and small feathery leaves on both sides of the stem and pods containing two to three peas.
garbanzo: A seed of this plant; the chickpea.
articles: Breeches; coat and waistcoat.
articles: the period during which a person works as an articled clerk; articling
rogering: An act of sexual intercourse, especially one that is rough.
entirety: The whole; the complete or amount.
adjuvant: Someone who helps or facilitates; an assistant, a helper. [from 16th c.]
adjuvant: Someone who helps or facilitates; an assistant, a helper.
adjuvant: Something that enhances the effectiveness of a medical treatment; a supplementary treatment. [from 18th c.]
adjuvant: Something that enhances the effectiveness of a medical treatment; a supplementary treatment.
adjuvant: An additive (as in a drug) that aids or modifies the action of the principal ingredient. [from 19th c.]
adjuvant: An additive (as in a drug) that aids or modifies the action of the principal ingredient.
adjuvant: An additive (often a separate product) that enhances the efficacy of pesticide products, but has little or no pesticidal activity itself. [from mid 20th c.]
adjuvant: An additive (often a separate product) that enhances the efficacy of pesticide products, but has little or no pesticidal activity itself.
adjuvant: A substance enhancing the immune response to an antigen. [from 20th c.]
adjuvant: A substance enhancing the immune response to an antigen.
cherubim: A cherub.
pantheon: A temple dedicated to all the gods.
pantheon: All the gods of a particular people or religion, particularly the ancient Greek gods residing on Olympus, considered as a group.
pantheon: A category or classification denoting the most honored persons of a group.
parasite: A person who lives on other people's efforts or expense and gives little or nothing back.
parasite: A sycophant or hanger-on.
parasite: An organism that lives on or in another organism of a different species, deriving benefit from living on or in that other organism, while not contributing towards that other organism sufficiently to cover the cost to that other organism.
parasite: A climbing plant which is supported by a wall, trellis etc.
parasite: A retainer or companion of an ancient Celtic warrior, who praised him in song or poetry at gatherings; a bard.
parasite: A component of a composite aircraft which is carried aloft and air-launched by a larger carrier aircraft or mother ship to support the primary mission of the carrier; a parasite aircraft.
evidence: Facts or observations presented in support of an assertion.
evidence: Anything admitted by a court to prove or disprove alleged matters of fact in a trial.
evidence: One who bears witness.
evidence: A body of objectively verifiable facts that are positively indicative of, and/or exclusively concordant with, that one conclusion over any other.
mastodon: Extinct elephant-like mammal of the genus †Mammut that flourished worldwide from Miocene through Pleistocene times; differs from elephants and mammoths in the form of the molar teeth.
mastodon: Anything big or clunky.
oak tree: A tree of the genus Quercus, bearing acorns and having lobed leaves.
speaking: One's ability to communicate vocally in a given language.
speaking: The act of communicating vocally.
speaking: An oral recitation of e.g. a story.
aspirate: The puff of air accompanying the release of a plosive or fricative consonant.
aspirate: A sound produced by such a puff of air.
aspirate: A mark of aspiration (#) used in Greek; the asper, or rough breathing.
aspirate: A sample of fluid, tissue, or other substance that is withdrawn via aspiration (usually through a hollow needle) from a body cavity, cyst, or tumor.
rosewood: The fragrant wood of Dalbergia nigra, a Brazilian tree in the legume family, which has a sweet smell.
rosewood: Any of several dozen woods, resembling that of Dalbergia nigra in some respect.
rosewood: The wood of a South American tree, Aniba rosaeodora, in the laurel family, with fragrant wood from which an essential oil is distilled.
rosewood: Wood and plant of Pterocarpus spp., for example African rosewood or mukula or Burmese rosewood (Pterocarpus indicus, syn. Pterocarpus santalinus).
ruminant: An artiodactyl ungulate mammal which chews cud, such as a cow or deer.
girasole: Synonym of Jerusalem artichoke
girasole: Alternative form of girasol (“fire opal”)
hierarch: One who has high and controlling authority in sacred things; the chief of a sacred order.
hierarch: A title of bishops in their role as ordinaries (arbiters of canon law) over their respective dioceses.
scimitar: A sword of Persian origin that features a curved blade.
scimitar: A long-handled billhook.
platypus: A semi-aquatic, egg-laying monotreme mammal with a bill resembling that of a duck, that has a mole-like body, a tail resembling that of a beaver, a waterproof pelt, and flat webbed feet – males have poisonous spurs on the inside of the back legs; Ornithorhynchus anatinus.
homogeny: Similarity in structure, though of different function, because of genetic relationships
gibibyte: Strictly, 2³⁰ (1024³, or 1,073,741,824) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) mebibytes, as opposed to a gigabyte.
the bomb: The atomic bomb; the capability to launch a nuclear attack.
the bomb: A success; something excellent.
aqueduct: An artificial channel that is constructed to convey water from one location to another.
aqueduct: A structure carrying water over a river or depression, especially in regards to ancient aqueducts.
aqueduct: A structure conveying fluid, such as the cerebral aqueduct or vestibular aqueduct.
dopamine: A monoamine C₈H₁₁NO₂ that is a decarboxylated form of dopa, present in the body as a neurotransmitter and a precursor of other substances including adrenalin.
gigabyte: One billion (10⁹, or 1,000,000,000) bytes or 1,000 megabytes.
gigabyte: a gibibyte.
upcoming: The act of coming up.
upcoming: Comeuppance; deserts.
upcoming: The activity of to upcome.
bouillon: A clear seasoned broth made by simmering usually light meat, such as beef or chicken.
bouillon: An excrescence on a horse's frush or frog.
kyūjitai: The traditional form of Japanese kanji used before 1947.
oncoming: Approach, onset
lollygag: Silliness, nonsense.
mourning: The act of expressing or feeling sorrow or regret; lamentation.
mourning: Feeling or expressing sorrow over someone's death.
mourning: The traditional clothes worn by those who mourn (in Western societies, typically coloured black).
mourning: Drapes or coverings associated with mourning.
services: That which is produced, then traded, bought or sold, then finally consumed and consists of an action or work.
mishmash: A collection containing a variety of miscellaneous things.
levanter: An Easterly wind that blows from the Mediterranean, through the straits of Gibraltar to the Atlantic.
levanter: One who levants, or absconds to avoid paying a debt.
pederast: A man who is engaged in an erotic relationship with an adolescent boy; a practitioner of pederasty.
afferent: An afferent structure or connection
efferent: A duct or stream that carries away.
brandish: The act of flourishing or waving.
magistra: A woman with power or authority, such as a teacher or archmage; a mistress.
magistra: A female magister.
graviton: A hypothetical gauge boson that regulates the gravitational force. It would have a spin of 2 and zero rest mass.
has-been: A person, especially one formerly popular or influential, who continues in their field after their popularity or effectiveness has peaked and is now in decline.
octaroon: Alternative spelling of octoroon
icecream: Alternative spelling of ice cream
monogamy: A form of sexual bonding involving a permanent pair bond between two beings.
monogamy: The practice of being married to one person as opposed to multiple.
calliope: A musical organ, consisting of steam whistles played with a keyboard. Often used with merry-go-rounds.
vexation: The act of annoying, vexing, or irritating.
vexation: The state of being vexed or irritated.
vexation: Someone or Something that vexes or irritates.
meltdown: Severe overheating of the core of a nuclear reactor resulting in the core melting and potentially in radiation escaping.
meltdown: A situation being likened to a nuclear meltdown; a crisis.
meltdown: An autistic response to stress or sensory overload, in which the person is overwhelmed by intense, seemingly disproportionate emotions, behaving erratically and becoming unable to mask.
meltdown: A tantrum or emotional outburst.
quadroon: A person considered three-fourths white, having one non-white grandparent.
freefall: The state of being in a motion affected by no acceleration (force) other than that provided by gravity.
freefall: The state of falling with no interference from outside forces other than the air resistance (no open parachute, etc.)
freefall: The state of worsening out of control.
hedonist: Someone devoted to hedonism.
initiate: A new member of an organization.
initiate: One who has been through a ceremony of initiation.
initiate: One who is oriented in and familiar with a topic or subject; especially, one who is an expert in it.
clavicle: The collarbone; the prominent bone at the top of the chest between the shoulder and the neck connecting the shoulder and the breastbone.
clavicle: The upper part of a spiral shell.
misnomer: A use of a term that is misleading; a misname.
misnomer: A term that is misleading, even if it may not be incorrect.
misnomer: A term whose sense in common usage conflicts with a technical sense.
misnomer: something asserted not to be true; a myth or mistaken belief
prompter: The person who does the prompting.
national: A subject of a nation.
national: A tournament in which participants from all over the nation compete.
national: A national newspaper.
immobile: One who does not or cannot move (e.g. to travel or live elsewhere).
placemat: Alternative form of place mat
RSS feed: An XML document that follows the RSS ("Rich Site Summary") specification, used for syndication.
orchesis: The act and/or art of dancing.
Sanskrit: A classical Indo-European language of South Asia, which is the liturgical language of Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism.
kurtosis: A measure of "heaviness of the tails" of a probability distribution, defined as the fourth cumulant divided by the square of the variance of the probability distribution.
kurtosis: Excess kurtosis: the difference between a given distribution's kurtosis and the kurtosis of a normal distribution.
magister: Master; sir: a title used in the Middle Ages, given to a person in authority, or to one having a licence from a university to teach philosophy and the liberal arts.
magister: The possessor of a master's degree.
magister: The chief male celebrant of a satanic ritual.
diaphane: Something transparent or diaphanous.
diaphane: A woven silk stuff with transparent and colored figures.
diaphane: Essence or nature as encapsulated in a mental construct.
neutrino: An elementary particle that is classified as a lepton, and has an extremely small but nonzero mass and no electric charge. It interacts with the surroundings only via the weak force or gravitation, making it very difficult to detect.
dateline: A line at the beginning of a document (such as a newspaper article) stating the place of origin and typically the date, and often written in capital letters.
dateline: Misspelling of deadline.
wild cat: An undomesticated felid, as tigers or lions.
wild cat: A feral cat.
wild cat: Alternative spelling of wildcat, (UK) the Old World wildcats (Felis silvestris) or (US) the bobcat (Lynx rufus) and other New World lynxes.
wild cat: Alternative spelling of wildcat in its other extended senses.
Zigeuner: Alternative form of zigeuner
littoral: A shore.
littoral: The zone of a coast between high tide and low tide levels.
antilogy: A contradiction in related terms or ideas. Usually an inconsistency in syllogisms, of a person or group supposedly of one set of ideals.
bluefish: A voracious fish (Pomatomus saltatrix) found in waters of the Atlantic and Indian Ocean.
bluefish: The puddingwife wrasse (Halichoeres radiatus).
bluefish: A New Zealand bluefish (Girella cyanea).
bluefish: A sablefish (Anoplopoma fimbria).
bluefish: An Arctic grayling (Thymallus arcticus).
bluefish: Kyphosus vaigiensis.
harakiri: Alternative spelling of hara-kiri
metaller: One who metals a road.
metaller: One who listens to heavy metal music.
squatter: One who squats, sits down idly.
squatter: One who occupies a building or land without title or permission.
squatter: One who occupied Crown land.
squatter: One who occupies a building or land without title or permission.
squatter: A poor vagrant; an illegal informal settler; a hobo or beggar; one suffering from extreme poverty.
squatter: A large-scale grazier and landowner.
squatter: A squat toilet.
pomodoro: A variety of pear-shaped tomato from Italy; San Marzano tomato.
pomodoro: Ellipsis of pomodoro sauce.
pomodoro: A 25-minute time interval spent working (followed by a five-minute break), used as part of the Pomodoro time management system.
roommate: A person with whom one shares a room, as at university, etc.
roommate: A person sharing the same home (but generally not a family member or spouse).
roommate: A same-sex significant other with whom one lives; a coinhabitant in a non-heterosexual relationship.
bitchwad: Term of abuse.
flatmate: A person with whom one shares a flat.
flatmate: A person with whom one shares any rental dwelling, not necessarily a flat.
instance: Urgency of manner or words; an urgent request; insistence.
instance: A token; a sign; a symptom or indication.
instance: That which is urgent; motive.
instance: A piece of evidence; a proof or sign (of something).
instance: Occasion; order of occurrence.
instance: A case offered as an exemplification or a precedent; an illustrative example.
instance: One of a series of recurring occasions, cases, essentially the same.
instance: A specific occurrence of something that is created or instantiated, such as a database, or an object of a class in object-oriented programming.
instance: A dungeon or other area that is duplicated for each player, or each party of players, that enters it, so that each player or party has a private copy of the area, isolated from other players.
instance: An individual copy of such a dungeon or other area.
instance: An independent server on a decentralised social network, such as Mastodon.
feminism: The state of being feminine; femininity.
feminism: A social theory or political movement which argues that legal and social restrictions on women must be removed in order to bring about equality of the sexes in all aspects of public and private life.
gullible: A gullible person; someone easily fooled or tricked.
butt sex: Anal sex.
innocent: One who is innocent, especially a young child.
innocent: A harmless simple-minded person; an idiot.
Narutard: An obsessive fan of the Japanese manga series Naruto.
bloomery: A forge in which wrought iron is made straight from ore.
paludism: malaria
nimbyism: The ideology of a nimby.
resolute: A determined person; one showing resolution.
resolute: A projection onto an arbitrary vector.
non-goal: A potential goal or requirement which is explicitly excluded from the scope of a project.
tromboon: A trombone with the reed and bocal of a bassoon placed instead of the usual mouthpiece.
tromboon: An awkward union of disparate elements combining the disadvantages of both.
fungible: Any fungible item.
pedestal: The base or foot of a column, statue, vase, lamp.
pedestal: A place of reverence or honor.
pedestal: A casting secured to the frame of a truck of a railcar and forming a jaw for holding a journal box.
pedestal: A pillow block; a low housing.
pedestal: An iron socket, or support, for the foot of a brace at the end of a truss where it rests on a pier.
pedestal: a pedestal coil, group of connected straight pipes arranged side by side and one above another, used in a radiator.
pedestal: A ground-level housing for a passive connection point for underground cables.
pedestal: The measured value when no input signal is given.
pedestal: The central part of the cockpit, between the pilots, where various controls are located.
pedestal: The tough protuberant pad covering a dromedary's sternum, which, when the camel lies down, causes the abdomen to be slightly above the hot ground.
permease: Any of several enzymes that transport membrane proteins.
stand-up: A performance of stand-up comedy; jokes delivered standing on a stage
stand-up: A comedian who performs on stage.
stand-up: A news broadcast delivered by an announcer who is filmed standing near the scene of the event.
stand-up: A short meeting throughout which participants remain standing (to encourage brevity).
stand-up: A free-standing photographic print or promotional item; a standee.
confetti: Small pieces or strips (streamers) of colored paper or other material (metal, plaster, etc) generally thrown about at festive occasions, especially at weddings and in victory celebrations.
confetti: Edible Italian sugar-coated almonds, especially those which are used as part of a traditional Italian wedding.
shocking: The application of an electric shock.
enormity: Deviation from what is normal or standard; irregularity, abnormality.
enormity: Deviation from moral normality; extreme wickedness, nefariousness, or cruelty.
enormity: A breach of law or morality; a transgression, an act of evil or wickedness.
enormity: Great size; enormousness, hugeness, immenseness.
Googlish: The result of translating foreign-language text via any of various popular web-translation engines.
Googlish: A notional language, not quite identical to English, resembling the result of such translation.
R.S.V.P.: Alternative form of RSVP
netsplit: A technical glitch encountered when two or more IRC servers lose their connection to each other, dividing the network into a number of isolated groups of users.
sciolist: One who exhibits only superficial knowledge; a self-proclaimed expert with little real understanding.
wapanese: Synonym of weeaboo: a person from elsewhere, particularly an unsocial white male, considered overly infatuated with Japanese culture.
shiitake: A wide, brown variety of edible mushroom, Lentinula edodes.
pleasing: pleasure or satisfaction, as in the phrase "to someone's pleasing."
assembly: A set of pieces that work together in unison as a mechanism or device.
assembly: The act of putting together a set of pieces, fragments, or elements.
assembly: A congregation of people in one place for a purpose.
assembly: A legislative body.
assembly: A beat of the drum or sound of the bugle as a signal to troops to assemble.
assembly: Ellipsis of assembly language.
assembly: A building block of an application, similar to a DLL, but containing both executable code and information normally found in a DLL's type library. The type library information in an assembly, called a manifest, describes public functions, data, classes, and version information.
negative: Refusal or withholding of assents; prohibition, veto
negative: An unfavorable point or characteristic.
negative: A right of veto.
negative: An image in which dark areas represent light ones, and the converse.
negative: A word that indicates negation.
negative: A negative quantity.
negative: A repetition performed with a weight in which the muscle begins at maximum contraction and is slowly extended; a movement performed using only the eccentric phase of muscle movement.
negative: The negative plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell.
negative: A statement that something didn’t happen or doesn’t exist.
double U: Alternative form of double-u
double U: something in the shape of two U's (not of a W)
verbiage: Overabundance of words.
verbiage: The manner in which something is expressed in words.
sciolism: The practice of expressing opinions on something which one knows only superficially or has little real understanding of; also, shallow or superficial knowledge; (countable) an instance of this.
Venusian: An inhabitant of the planet Venus.
salience: The condition of being salient.
salience: A highlight; perceptual prominence, or likelihood of being noticed.
salience: Relative importance based on context.
nativity: Someone's birth; the place, time and circumstances of a birth.
nativity: Someone's birth considered as a means of astrology; a horoscope associated with a person's birth.
nativity: The birth of Jesus.
nativity: The festival celebrating the birth of Jesus, Christmas Day; the festival celebrating the birth of the Virgin Mary or the birth of Saint John the Baptist.
nativity: A set of figurines used to create a nativity scene.
nativity: Origin; founding.
nativity: Place of origin; place to which a species is native.
nativity: The quality of being native or innate.
chinaman: A dealer in porcelain (china). [– c.]
chinaman: A dealer in porcelain (china).
chinaman: A left-arm unorthodox bowling action (left-arm wrist-spin)
chinaman: A spin bowler who uses such an action
chinaman: A ball delivered with such an action
instinct: A natural or inherent impulse or behaviour.
instinct: An intuitive reaction not based on rational conscious thought.
soothing: The act by which somebody is soothed.
weakness: The condition of being weak.
weakness: An inadequate quality; fault
weakness: A special fondness or desire.
two-norm: A measure of length given by "the square root of the squares." Denoted by ||·||₂, the two-norm of a vector ⃑v= is ||⃑v||₂=√. The two norm of an m×m matrix A is defined by max _(⃑v≠⃑0)|/} where ⃑v is an m-dimensional vector that is not the zero vector.
forelock: The part of a person's hairstyle which covers the forehead.
forelock: The part of a horse's (or similar animal's) mane that lies on its forehead.
forelock: A wedge pushed through a hole at the end of a bolt to hold it in place.
noumenon: A thing as it is independent of any conceptualization or perception by the human mind, postulated by practical reason but existing in a condition which is in principle unknowable and unexperienceable.
seraglio: A palace of a sultan.
seraglio: A palace of a sultan.
seraglio: The palace of the Grand Seignior in Constantinople.
seraglio: A profligate or decadent residence of a rich person.
seraglio: The sequestered living quarters used by wives and concubines (odalisques) in a Turkish Muslim household.
seraglio: A brothel or place of debauchery.
seraglio: An interior cage or enclosed courtyard for keeping wild beasts.
alfabeto: Noodles shaped like letters of the alphabet.
alfabeto: An early Italian alphabetic notation system used to describe chords.
benedick: A recently married man, especially one who has long held out against marriage.
cornhole: A small room connected to a threshing floor.
cornhole: A game similar to beanbag toss, popular in Ohio, in which a bag filled with corn feed is thrown into a hole.
cornhole: The anus.
hornbill: Any of various birds of the family Bucerotidae, with bills resembling a cow's horns. Many species have a casque above the bill, and many imprison their young in a tree.
barbeque: Alternative spelling of barbecue (“apparatus for grilling; cookout (event); meat cooked by barbecuing”)
calamity: An event resulting in great loss.
calamity: The distress that results from some disaster.
graffito: An informal inscription, as by a worker or vandal.
graffito: A single instance of graffiti in the art/vandalism sense.
Sephardi: a Jew of Iberian ancestry, whose native language was Ladino
car bomb: An automobile laden with a large amount of explosives, and used as a bomb primarily in order to cause external damage.
car bomb: An explosive device installed in an automobile with the primary purpose of killing the occupants of the car.
car bomb: Flatulence in an enclosed automobile.
car bomb: An alcoholic beverage made by dropping a shot of liquor into a glass of beer.
director: One who directs; the person in charge of managing a department or directorate (e.g., director of engineering), project, or production (as in a show or film, e.g., film director).
director: A member of a board of directors.
director: A counselor, confessor, or spiritual guide.
director: That which directs or orientates something.
director: A device that displays graphical information concerning the targets of a weapons system in real time.
director: The common axis of symmetry of the molecules of a liquid crystal.
impurity: The condition of being impure; because of contamination, pollution, adulteration or insufficient purification.
impurity: A component or additive that renders something else impure.
impurity: A state of immorality or sin; especially the weakness of the flesh: inchastity.
forename: A name that precedes the surname.
cowberry: A shrub native to the cool temperate areas of the Northern Hemisphere (Vaccinium vitis-idaea).
cowberry: The berry of this shrub.
Atlantic: A steam locomotive of the 4-4-2 wheel arrangement.
cloister: A covered walk with an open colonnade on one side, running along the walls of buildings that face a quadrangle; especially:
cloister: such an arcade in a monastery;
cloister: A covered walk with an open colonnade on one side, running along the walls of buildings that face a quadrangle; especially:
cloister: such an arcade fitted with representations of the stages of Christ's Passion.
cloister: A place, especially a monastery or convent, devoted to religious seclusion.
cloister: The monastic life.
bashment: A party or rave.
bashment: Dancehall music.
bottle-o: A bottle shop.
bottle-o: A door-to-door trader in used bottles.
androgen: Any natural or synthetic compound, usually a steroid hormone, that stimulates or controls the development and maintenance of masculine characteristics in vertebrates. A male sex hormone such as testosterone or anabolic steroids.
flatboat: A boxy, flat-bottomed boat used for carrying livestock, freight, and people on rivers.
mistrust: Lack of trust or confidence; distrust, untrust.
Aberdeen: A wide evenly curved fishhook.
Aberdeen: Alternative form of Aberdeen terrier
schedule: A slip of paper; a short note.
schedule: A written or printed table of information, often forming an annex or appendix to a statute or other regulatory instrument, or to a legal contract.
schedule: One of the five divisions into which controlled substances are classified, or the restrictions denoted by such classification.
schedule: A written or printed table of information, often forming an annex or appendix to a statute or other regulatory instrument, or to a legal contract.
schedule: One of the nine schedules of the Standard for the Uniform Scheduling of Medicines and Poisons. Identical to the American usage above.
schedule: A written or printed table of information, often forming an annex or appendix to a statute or other regulatory instrument, or to a legal contract.
schedule: A serial record of items, systematically arranged.
schedule: A procedural plan, usually but not necessarily tabular in nature, indicating a sequence of operations and the planned times at which those operations are to occur.
schedule: An allocation or ordering of a set of tasks on one or several resources.
intarweb: Alternative spelling of interweb
snowbird: A bird, Junco hyemalis, the dark-eyed junco.
snowbird: A bird seen primarily in the winter time.
snowbird: The snow bunting (Plectrophenax nivalis).
snowbird: A person, usually one who is retired, who travels from a cold climate to a warmer one in the winter; one who overwinters elsewhere.
snowbird: A cocaine user.
barbecue: A fireplace or pit for grilling food, typically used outdoors and traditionally employing hot charcoal as the heating medium.
barbecue: A meal or event highlighted by food cooked in such an apparatus.
barbecue: Meat, especially pork or beef, which has been cooked in such an apparatus (i.e. smoked over indirect heat from high-smoke fuels) and then chopped up or shredded.
barbecue: A hog, ox, or other large animal roasted or broiled whole for a feast.
barbecue: A floor on which coffee beans are sun-dried.
barbecue: A framework of sticks.
throw up: Vomit.
palochka: A Cyrillic letter used in writing several Caucasian languages.
sympathy: A feeling of pity or sorrow for the suffering or distress of another.
sympathy: The formal expression of pity or sorrow for someone else's misfortune.
sympathy: A feeling of pity or sorrow for the suffering or distress of another.
sympathy: The ability to share the feelings of another.
sympathy: A feeling of pity or sorrow for the suffering or distress of another.
sympathy: Inclination to think or feel alike; emotional or intellectual accord; common feeling.
sympathy: Support in the form of shared feelings or opinions.
sympathy: Inclination to think or feel alike; emotional or intellectual accord; common feeling.
sympathy: Feeling of loyalty; tendency towards, agreement with or approval of an opinion or aim; a favorable attitude.
sympathy: An affinity, association or mutual relationship between people or things such that they are correspondingly affected by any condition.
sympathy: Mutual or parallel susceptibility or a condition brought about by it.
sympathy: An affinity, association or mutual relationship between people or things such that they are correspondingly affected by any condition.
sympathy: Artistic harmony, as of shape or colour in a painting.
sympathy: An affinity, association or mutual relationship between people or things such that they are correspondingly affected by any condition.
titmouse: Any small passerine bird of the family Paridae, which are found in the woods of the Northern Hemisphere and of Africa.
etiology: US standard spelling of aetiology.
strapper: A large, strong, robust person (usually a man).
strapper: A person who works with straps, as on leather goods.
strapper: One who straps horses; now, specifically, someone employed to attend and groom racehorses.
strapper: A cow which yields a small amount of milk.
strapper: A wire that joins two light switches so that a light can be turned off or on from either switch.
asbestos: Any of several fibrous mineral forms of magnesium silicate, used for fireproofing, electrical insulation, building materials, brake linings, chemical filters, suits, fireman's gloves, etc.
asbestos: Any of asbestos-like forms of several minerals, asbestiforms
greeting: A conventional phrase used to start a letter or conversation or otherwise to acknowledge a person's arrival or presence.
greeting: The action of the verb to greet.
tide day: The interval between consecutive high tides at a given place.
tide rip: A body of water made rough by the conflict of opposing tides or currents.
caduceus: The official wand carried by a herald in ancient Greece and Rome, specifically the one carried in mythology by Hermes, the messenger of the gods, usually represented with two snakes twined around it.
caduceus: A symbol (☤) representing a staff with two snakes wrapped around it, used to indicate merchants and messengers. It is also sometimes incorrectly substituted for the rod of Asclepius as a symbol of medicine.
rucksack: a bag carried on the back or shoulder, supported by straps
ungulate: An ungulate animal; a hooved mammal.
inventor: One who invents, either as a hobby or as an occupation.
zecchino: An old gold coin of Italy; a sequin.
obduracy: The state of being obdurate, intractable, or stubbornly inflexible.
zampogna: A kind of Italian double-chantered bagpipe.
qamutiik: Alternative form of komatik
thinking: Thought; gerund of think.
charging: An act or process of charging (as of a battery).
charging: An offensive foul in which the player with the ball moves into a stationary defender.
lingerie: Underwear or nightclothes, especially when lacy or designed to be seductive.
lingerie: Linen goods collectively.
guidance: The act or process of guiding.
guidance: Advice or counselling on some topic.
guidance: Any process or system to control the path of a vehicle, missile etc.
brunette: A person, especially female, with brown or black hair and, often, dark eyes and darkish or olive skin.
fluoride: Any salt of hydrofluoric acid; for example, potassium fluoride.
fluoride: A binary compound of fluorine and another element or radical.
chloride: any salt of hydrochloric acid, such as sodium chloride, or any binary compound of chlorine and another element or radical
cetacean: An animal belonging to the order Cetacea, including dolphins, porpoises, and whales.
aromatic: A fragrant plant or spice added to a dish to flavour it.
aromatic: Any aromatic compound.
overhaul: A major repair, renovation, or revision.
overhaul: The process after the fire appears extinguished in which the firefighters search the structure for signs of hot spots that may cause the structure to reignite. Often this includes the process of salvage under the blanket term, salvage and overhaul.
outswing: The swing of the ball through the air, in a direction away from the batsman.
monotony: Tedium as a result of repetition or a lack of variety.
monotony: The property of a monotonic function.
monotony: The quality of having an unvarying tone or pitch.
enfilade: A line or straight passage, or the position of that which lies in a straight line.
enfilade: Gunfire directed along the length of a target.
enfilade: A series of doors that provide a vista when open.
silicone: Any of a class of inert, semi-inorganic polymeric compounds (polysiloxanes), that have a wide range of thermal stability and extreme water repellence, used in a very wide range of industrial applications, and in prosthetic replacements for body parts.
indigent: A person in need, or in poverty.
semoleon: Misspelling of simoleon.
geometry: The branch of mathematics dealing with spatial relationships.
geometry: A mathematical system that deals with spatial relationships and that is built on a particular set of axioms; a subbranch of geometry which deals with such a system or systems.
geometry: The observed or specified spatial attributes of an object, etc.
geometry: A mathematical object comprising representations of a space and of its spatial relationships.
samoleon: Misspelling of simoleon.
sign bit: The bit in the representation of a number indicating whether it is negative or positive; applicable to both twos complement and signed magnitude representations.
sheebeen: Alternative form of shebeen
simoleon: A dollar.
Chaldean: A native of Chaldea; a Chaldee.
Chaldean: A member of the Chaldean Catholic Church.
Chaldean: A diviner or astrologer.
top edge: The edge of a bat farthest from the ground.
top edge: A deflection of a ball off of the top edge of a bat, into the air and potentially for a catch.
top edge: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see top, edge.
bat shit: Alternative form of batshit
everyday: Literally every day in succession, or every day but Sunday. [– c.]
everyday: Literally every day in succession, or every day but Sunday.
everyday: the ordinary or routine day or occasion
dog shit: Fecal matter produced by a dog.
dog shit: Rubbish.
dog shit: Nothing, or very little.
dog shit: Rigged (sometimes shortened to dog).
bodyline: Alternative form of body line
pushover: Someone who is easily swayed or influenced to change his/her mind or comply.
pushover: Someone who lets him/herself be picked or bullied on without defending or standing up for him/herself.
pushover: Something that is easy to do or accomplish; an easy task.
backpack: A knapsack, sometimes mounted on a light frame, but always supported by straps, worn on a person’s back for the purpose of carrying things, especially when hiking, or on a student's back when carrying books.
backpack: A similarly placed item containing a parachute or other life-support equipment.
kissaten: A type of Japanese coffee shop, developed in the early 20th century.
descanso: A cross placed at the site of a violent, unexpected death, in memoriam.
oriental: Alternative letter-case form of Oriental
altruist: A person showing altruism.
molecule: The smallest particle of a specific element or compound that retains the chemical properties of that element or compound; two or more atoms held together by chemical bonds.
molecule: A tiny amount.
Katyusha: A type of artillery rocket launcher consisting of an array of rockets mounted on a truck, originated in the Soviet Union.
Katyusha: A type of rocket which can be launched from a Katyusha.
mediocre: A person of minor significance, accomplishment or acclaim; a common and undistinguished person.
mediocre: A member of a socioeconomic class between the upper ranks of society and the agricultural workers.
Balinese: The language of Bali.
Balinese: A native or inhabitant of Bali.
Balinese: A long-haired domestic cat breed.
movement: Physical motion between points in space.
movement: A system or mechanism for transmitting motion of a definite character, or for transforming motion, such as the wheelwork of a watch.
movement: The impression of motion in an artwork, painting, novel etc.
movement: A trend in various fields or social categories, a group of people with a common ideology who try together to achieve certain general goals
movement: A large division of a larger composition.
movement: Melodic progression, accentual character, tempo or pace.
movement: An instance of an aircraft taking off or landing.
movement: The deviation of a pitch from ballistic flight.
movement: A pattern in which pairs change opponents and boards move from table to table in duplicate bridge.
movement: An act of emptying the bowels.
movement: Motion of the mind or feelings; emotion.
shoulder: The part of an animal's body between the base of the neck and forearm socket.
shoulder: The part of the human torso forming a relatively horizontal surface running away from the neck.
shoulder: The part of an animal's body between the base of the neck and forearm socket.
shoulder: The joint between the arm and the torso, sometimes including the surrounding muscles, tendons, and ligaments.
shoulder: The part of an animal's body between the base of the neck and forearm socket.
shoulder: A cut of meat comprising the upper joint of the foreleg and the surrounding muscle.
shoulder: The part of an animal's body between the base of the neck and forearm socket.
shoulder: The portion of a garment where the shoulder is clothed.
shoulder: Anything forming a shape resembling a human shoulder.
shoulder: A shelf between two levels.
shoulder: A usually unsealed strip of land bordering a road, where vehicles can drive or park in an emergency.
shoulder: A shelf between two levels.
shoulder: The portion of a hill or mountain just below the peak.
shoulder: A shelf between two levels.
shoulder: A lateral protrusion of a hill or mountain.
shoulder: A shelf between two levels.
shoulder: The angle of a bastion included between the face and flank.
shoulder: A shelf between two levels.
shoulder: An abrupt projection which forms an abutment on an object, or limits motion, etc., such as the projection around a tenon at the end of a piece of timber.
shoulder: The flat portion of type that is below the bevelled portion that joins up with the face.
shoulder: The portion between the neck and the body.
shoulder: The rounded portion of a stringed instrument where the neck joins the body.
shoulder: The portion between the neck and the body.
shoulder: The rounded portion of a bottle where the neck meets the body.
shoulder: The portion between the neck and the body.
shoulder: The angled section between the neck and the main body of a cartridge.
shoulder: That which supports or sustains; support.
shoulder: The part of a key between the cuts and the bow.
shoulder: The part of a wave that has not yet broken.
shoulder: A season or a time of day when there is relatively little air traffic.
autarchy: A condition of absolute power.
autarchy: Autocracy (absolute rule by a single person).
autarchy: Sovereignty or self-government (national political independence).
autarchy: Alternative spelling of autarky (“personal condition or state of self-reliance; (policy of) national economic self-sufficiency; self-sufficient country or region”)
islander: A person who lives on an island.
alterity: Otherness; the entity in contrast to which an identity is constructed.
drisheen: A type of Irish sausage made from pigs' blood, suet, and salt; an Irish version of black pudding.
claymore: A large two-handed sword historically used by the Scottish Highlanders.
claymore: Alternative letter-case form of Claymore (“antipersonnel mine”)
teishoku: A set meal, usually a tray with one or more main courses, along with a number of side dishes (salad, rice, pickles, soup, etc.).
pregnant: A pregnant person.
blackleg: A fatal cattle disease caused by the soil-borne bacterium Clostridium chauvoei; symptomatic anthrax.
blackleg: A disease of potato crops caused by pectolytic bacteria, characterized by blackening and decay of the lower stem portion.
blackleg: A person who cheats in a game; a cheater, especially a dishonest bookmaker.
blackleg: A person who takes the place of striking workers; a scab.
basilica: A Christian church building having a nave with a semicircular apse, side aisles, a narthex and a clerestory.
basilica: A Roman Catholic church or cathedral with basilican status, an honorific status granted by the pope to recognize its historical, architectural, or sacramental importance.
basilica: An apartment provided in the houses of persons of importance, where assemblies were held for dispensing justice; hence, any large hall used for this purpose.
nepenthe: Alternative form of nepenthes (“a drug that relieves one of emotional pain, grief or sorrow”).
exercise: Any activity designed to develop or hone a skill or ability.
exercise: Activity intended to improve physical, or sometimes mental, strength and fitness.
exercise: A setting in action or practicing; employment in the proper mode of activity; exertion; application; use.
exercise: The performance of an office, ceremony, or duty.
exercise: That which gives practice; a trial; a test.
shiralee: Burden; load.
shiralee: Burden; load.
shiralee: A type of swag that when rolled up resembles a leg of mutton, carried over the shoulder, usually with another load on the chest to balance it.
ambivert: A person who is neither clearly extroverted nor introverted, but has characteristics of each.
fam trip: A free (or low cost) trip for travel agents or consultants, provided by a travel operator or airline as a means of promoting their service.
phreaker: A hacker or cracker specialized with telephone systems rather than computers.
ricochet: A method of firing a projectile so that it skips along a surface.
ricochet: An instance of ricocheting; a glancing rebound.
concerto: A piece of music for one or more solo instruments and orchestra.
continue: An option allowing the player to resume play after game over, when all lives have been lost, while retaining their progress.
narcotic: Any substance or drug that reduces pain, induces sleep and may alter mood or behaviour; in some contexts, especially in reference to the opiates-and-opioids class, especially in reference to illegal drugs, and often both.
narcotic: Any type of numbing or soothing drug.
web site: Alternative form of website
jackaroo: A white man living outside of a white settlement.
jackaroo: A trainee station manager or owner, working as a stockman or farm hand; formerly, a young man of independent means working at a station in a supernumerary capacity to gain experience.
capacity: The ability to hold, receive, or absorb
capacity: A measure of such ability; volume
capacity: The maximum amount that can be held
capacity: Capability; the ability to perform some task
capacity: The maximum that can be produced.
capacity: Mental ability; the power to learn
capacity: A faculty; the potential for growth and development
capacity: A role; the position in which one functions
capacity: Legal authority (to make an arrest for example)
capacity: Electrical capacitance.
capacity: The maximum that can be produced on a machine or in a facility or group.
audacity: Insolent boldness, especially when imprudent or unconventional.
audacity: Fearlessness, intrepidity or daring, especially with confident disregard for personal safety, conventional thought, or other restrictions.
deafness: The condition of being deaf; the lack or loss of the ability to hear.
deafness: Lack of knowledge or refusal to admit a particular problem, issue, etc.
checkers: A game for two players played on a chessboard; the players have 12 pieces each, and the object is to capture all the opponent’s pieces by jumping over them. Other European varieties have larger boards and more playing pieces.
misology: Hatred or fear of reasoning or argument.
savannah: Alternative spelling of savanna
capuchin: A monk in the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin; (generally) a Franciscan.
capuchin: A garment consisting of a cloak and hood, made in imitation of the dress of Capuchin monks.
capuchin: A capuchin monkey.
capuchin: A hooded pigeon.
brassard: An item of plate armor that protects the arm.
brassard: An insignia or band worn around the upper arm.
promoter: One who promotes.
promoter: One who promotes.
promoter: One who promotes entertainment events or goods.
promoter: The section of DNA that controls the initiation of RNA transcription as a product of a gene.
promoter: An accelerator of catalysis that is not itself a catalyst.
refinery: A building, or a mass of machinery, used to produce refined products such as sugar, oil, or metals.
Filipino: A citizen or local inhabitant of the Philippines and those descending from such, especially a male.
Filipino: A male Philippine-born person of pure or majority Spanish descent.
eminence: Someone of high rank, reputation or social status.
eminence: The quality or state of being eminent.
eminence: Prominence in a particular order or accumulation; esteem.
eminence: An elevated land area or a hill.
eminence: A protuberance.
eminence: A dark purple color.
district: An administrative division of an area.
district: An area or region marked by some distinguishing feature.
district: An administrative division of a county without the status of a borough.
svastika: Alternative form of swastika
dedicate: One who dedicates themselves, or who is dedicated, to the service of some leader, religion, etc.
courtesy: Polite behavior.
courtesy: A polite gesture or remark, especially as opposed to an obligation or standard practice.
courtesy: Consent or agreement in spite of fact; indulgence.
courtesy: Willingness or generosity in providing something needed.
courtesy: A curtsey.
courtesy: The life interest that the surviving husband has in the real or heritable estate of his wife.
regiment: A unit of armed troops under the command of an officer, and consisting of several smaller units; now specifically, usually composed of two or more battalions.
regiment: Rule or governance over a person, place etc.; government, authority.
regiment: The state or office of a ruler; rulership.
regiment: Influence or control exercised by someone or something (especially a planet).
regiment: A place under a particular rule; a kingdom or domain.
regiment: A regimen.
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In genus Hyacinthoides
bluebell: common bluebell (Hyacinthoides non-scripta)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In genus Hyacinthoides
bluebell: Spanish bluebell (Hyacinthoides hispanica)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In genus Hyacinthoides
bluebell: Italian bluebell (Hyacinthoides italica)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In other genera
bluebell: grape hyacinth (Muscari)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In other genera
bluebell: Virginia bluebell (Mertensia virginica)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In other genera
bluebell: Scottish bluebell (harebell) (Campanula rotundifolia)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In other genera
bluebell: Australian royal bluebell (Wahlenbergia gloriosa)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In other genera
bluebell: Texas bluebell (Eustoma russellianum)
bluebell: Various flowering plants with blue, usually pendulous, flowers.
bluebell: In other genera
bluebell: desert bluebell or California bluebell (Phacelia campanularia)
camellia: Any plant of the genus Camellia, shrubs and small trees native to Asia; Camellia japonica is the most popular as a garden plant; Camellia sinensis is the tea plant.
ubergeek: A highly proficient geek.
clematis: Any plant of the genus Clematis, vigorous climbing lianas found throughout the temperate zones.
Mobilian: One of the Native American people with Chief Tuscaloosa in Alabama (circa 1540).
Mobilian: A resident of the city of Mobile, Alabama.
contempt: The state or act of contemning; the feeling or attitude of regarding someone or something as inferior, base, or worthless; scorn, disdain.
contempt: The state of being despised or dishonored; disgrace.
contempt: Open disrespect or willful disobedience of the authority of a court of law or legislative body.
familiar: An attendant spirit, often in animal or demon form.
familiar: A member of one's family or household.
familiar: A member of a pope's or bishop's household.
familiar: A close friend.
familiar: The officer of the Inquisition who arrested suspected people.
argonaut: Any of several species of shelled octopods of the family Argonautidae (of which only the genus Argonauta is not extinct).
argonaut: An adventurer on a dangerous but rewarding quest.
argonaut: A 49er, a person who took part in the California Gold Rush of 1849.
gambling: An activity characterised by a balance between winning and losing that is governed by a mixture of skill and chance, usually with money wagered on the outcome.
Maricopa: A member of a Native American people belonging to the Yuman linguistic stock, a part of the Hokan family. They originate in the Colorado River area, but following an exodus in the 1700s or 1800s, they live amongst the Pima in the vicinity of the Gila and Salt Rivers.
specific: A distinguishing attribute or quality.
specific: A remedy for a specific disease or condition.
specific: Specification
specific: The details; particulars.
opulence: wealth
opulence: abundance, bounty, profusion
opulence: ostentatious display of wealth and luxury; plushness.
swastika: A cross with arms of equal length all bent halfway along at a 90° angle to the right or to the left, used as a religious symbol by various ancient and modern civilizations, but now mainly seen and used in the West (with arms angled to the right) as a symbol of Nazism and fascism.
swastika: Nazi rule.
draughts: A board game for two players in which the players each have a set number of pieces (typically 12 or 20, depending on the rule set), known as men, and the object is to capture each of the opponent's pieces by jumping one's own pieces over the opponent's pieces.
draughts: A mild vesicatory.
daffodil: A bulbous plant of the genus Narcissus, with yellow flowers and a trumpet shaped corona, especially Narcissus pseudonarcissus, the national flower of Wales.
daffodil: A brilliant yellow color, like that of a daffodil.
larkspur: Any plant of the genus Delphinium, especially Delphinium ajacis and other plants of the subgenus Delphinium subg. Consolida.
dead bat: The bat when held with a light grip such that it gives when the ball strikes it, and the ball loses momentum and falls to the ground.
bogeyman: A menacing, ghost-like monster in children's stories.
bogeyman: Any make-believe threat, especially one used to intimidate or distract.
ear lobe: The lower, exterior, fleshy, bulbous part of the human ear.
ear lobe: The fleshy patch of skin below the ear tuft of a chicken.
strumpet: A female prostitute
strumpet: A woman who is very sexually active.
strumpet: A female adulterer.
strumpet: A mistress.
strumpet: A trollop; a whore.
meronymy: The relationship of being a constituent part or member of something; a system of meronyms.
landmass: A large, continuous area of land surrounded by sea or contiguous with another landmass.
plantain: A plant of the genus Plantago, with a rosette of sessile leaves about 10 cm (4") long with a narrow part instead of a petiole, and with a spike inflorescence with the flower spacing varying widely among the species. See also psyllium.
plantain: A plant in the genus Musa, the genus that includes banana, but with lower sugar content than banana.
plantain: The fruit of the plant, usually cooked before eating and used like potatoes.
cufflink: A button or stud used to hold a sleeve cuff together.
humanism: The study of the humanities or the liberal arts; literary (especially classical) scholarship.
humanism: Specifically, a cultural and intellectual movement in 14th-16th century Europe characterised by attention to classical culture and a promotion of vernacular texts, notably during the Renaissance.
humanism: An ethical system that centers on humans and their values, needs, interests, abilities, dignity and freedom; especially used for a secular one which rejects theistic religion and superstition.
humanism: Humanitarianism, philanthropy.
telltale: One who divulges private information with intent to hurt others.
telltale: An indicator, such as a warning light, that serves to warn of a hazard or problem.
telltale: Something that serves to reveal something else.
telltale: A movable piece of ivory, lead, or other material, connected to the bellows of an organ, whose position indicates when the wind is exhausted.
telltale: A length of yarn or ribbon attached to a sail or shroud etc to indicate the direction of the flow of the air relative to the boat.
telltale: A mechanical attachment to the steering wheel, which, in the absence of a tiller, shows the position of the helm.
telltale: A compass in the cabin of a vessel, usually placed where the captain can see it at all hours, and thus inform himself of the vessel's course.
telltale: A machine or contrivance for indicating or recording something, particularly for keeping a check upon employees (factory hands, watchmen, drivers, etc.) by revealing to their employers what they have done or omitted.
telltale: A bird, the tattler.
telltale: A story or fable that has a moral or message.
trilemma: A circumstance in which a choice must be made between three options that seem equally undesirable.
trilemma: A situation in which a choice must be made among three desirable options, only two of which are possible at the same time.
trilemma: An argument containing three alternatives, jointly exhaustive either under any condition(s) or under all condition(s) consistent with the universe of discourse of that argument, that each imply the same conclusion.
airspace: A specified portion of the atmosphere, especially that under the technical aviation control and/or jurisdiction of a particular state over which territory (and territorial waters) it lies.
airspace: that part of the sky designated for the sole use of aircraft.
airspace: Space (i.e. a few neighboring frequencies) available for broadcasting within a particular frequency band.
airspace: The portion of an enclosed area which contains air, especially breathable air.
airspace: The cavity in a cavity wall containing air for insulation.
twee pop: A type of indie pop music with simple melodies and lyrics, usually about love.
hyacinth: Any bulbous plant of the genus Hyacinthus, native to the Mediterranean and South Africa.
hyacinth: A variety of zircon, ranging in color from brown, orange, reddish-brown and yellow; a jacinth.
jug hold: A large climbing hold that is big enough to wrap a hand around, similar to the handle of a jug.
parabola: The conic section formed by the intersection of a cone with a plane parallel to a tangent plane to the cone; the locus of points equidistant from a fixed point (the focus) and line (the directrix).
parabola: The explicit drawing of a parallel between two essentially dissimilar things, especially with a moral or didactic purpose. A parable.
scullery: A small room, next to a kitchen, where washing up and other domestic chores are done.
spheroid: A solid of revolution generated by rotating an ellipse about its major (prolate), or minor (oblate) axis.
prophecy: A prediction, especially one made by a prophet or under divine inspiration.
prophecy: The public interpretation of Scripture.
climbing: The sport of climbing, ascending a wall or a rock or another object using available holds, generally with the safety of a rope and belayer.
climbing: Climb; ascent.
geranium: Any flowering plant of the genus Geranium of cranesbills, of family Geraniaceae.
geranium: The common name for flowering plants of the genus Pelargonium.
geranium: A bright red color tinted with orange, like that of a scarlet geranium.
Michigan: A deke consisting of lifting the puck with the stick and throwing it under the top corner of the goal, while skating behind the net.
air raid: An attack on a surface target by aircraft.
air raid: A passing-heavy offensive scheme based on a shotgun formation with four wide receivers and a single running back.
mistress: A woman, specifically one with great control, authority or ownership
mistress: A female teacher
mistress: The other woman in an extramarital relationship, generally including sexual relations
mistress: A dominatrix
mistress: A woman well skilled in anything, or having the mastery over it
mistress: a woman regarded with love and devotion; a sweetheart
mistress: A married woman; a wife
mistress: The jack in the game of bowls
mistress: A female companion to a master (a man with control, authority or ownership)
mistress: female equivalent of master
mistress: female equivalent of mister
quandary: A state of not knowing what to decide; a state of difficulty or perplexity; a state of uncertainty, hesitation or puzzlement.
quandary: A dilemma, a difficult decision or choice.
Illinois: A member of the above-mentioned tribe.
frottage: A method of making an image by placing a piece of paper against an object and then rubbing over it, usually with a pencil or charcoal.
frottage: An image so made.
frottage: The practice of rubbing parts of the body against those of another person for sexual stimulation.
dot ball: A ball off which no runs are scored.
the shit: Something considered to be excellent or the best of its kind.
regolith: The layer of loose rock, dust, sand, and soil, resting on the bedrock, that constitutes the surface layer of most dry land on Earth, the Moon, and other large solid aggregated celestial objects. Submarine regolith also exists.
snowdrop: Any of the 20 species of the genus Galanthus of the Amaryllidaceae, bulbous flowering plants, bearing a solitary, pendulous, white, bell-shaped flower that appears, depending on species, between autumn and late winter or early spring, all native to temperate Eurasia.
snowdrop: Alternative letter-case form of Snowdrop (“a Royal Air Force police officer”).
profound: The deep; the sea; the ocean.
profound: An abyss.
external: The exterior; outward features or appearances.
external: Inessential or superficial features.
external: The exterior; outward features or appearances.
external: Outward appearance.
external: A variable that is defined in the source code but whose value comes from some external source.
northern: An inhabitant of the northern regions.
northern: The northern pike.
northern: A film or other dramatic work set primarily in the late 19th or early 20th century in the north of North America, primarily in western Canada but also in Alaska, often with a Mountie as the protagonist.
Delaware: A member of the Lenape / Delaware people.
Delaware: An American variety of grape, with compact bunches of small, sweet, amber-colored berries.
commuter: One who commutes (etymology 1).
commuter: A person who regularly travels between two places.
commuter: To and from work and home.
commuter: A person who regularly travels between two places.
commuter: Using public transport.
commuter: Normally a short form of commuter rail, commuter train or commuter bus; A transport system or a vehicle in such systems used to transport commuters (#2)
momentum: Of a body in motion: the tendency of a body to maintain its inertial motion; the product of its mass and velocity, or the vector sum of the products of its masses and velocities.
momentum: The impetus, either of a body in motion, or of an idea or course of events; a moment.
hang dog: The situation of hanging on the rope after falling off a climb.
hang dog: A rascal, one fit to be executed by hanging.
excision: The removal of some text during editing.
excision: The removal of something (a tumor or body part) by cutting.
excision: The removal of a gene from a section of genetic material.
excision: The fact that, under certain hypotheses, the homology of a space relative to a subspace is unchanged by the identification of a subspace of the latter to a point.
cosmetic: Any substances applied to enhance the external color or texture of the skin, e.g. lipstick, eyeshadow, eyeliner; makeup.
cosmetic: A feature existing only on the surface.
cosmetic: An intangible influence that improves the overall perception of some thing or situation.
redirect: A redirection.
redirect: An examination of a witness, following cross-examination, by the party that conducted the direct examination.
redirect: The substitution of one address or identifier for another one, so as to navigate to a different location.
démarche: A diplomatic maneuver; one handled with finesse.
démarche: A diplomatic note without a personal attribution conveying an official protest or request for support, less formal than a bout de papier or a note verbale but of similar status to an aide-mémoire.
wormwood: An intensely bitter herb (Artemisia absinthium and similar plants in genus Artemisia) used in medicine, in the production of absinthe and vermouth, and as a tonic.
wormwood: Something that causes bitterness or affliction; a cause of mortification or vexation.
abampere: Unit of electrical current in electromagnetic and Gaussian cgs systems of units, equal to 10 amperes in SI units.
fishwife: A woman who sells or works with fish; a female fishmonger.
fishwife: A vulgar, abusive or nagging woman with a loud, unpleasant voice.
fishwife: A person, especially a woman, with poor personal hygiene.
fishwife: The wife of a homosexual man.
acrolith: An ancient Greek wooden statue furnished with a rupestral head and limbs.
falsetto: The "false" (singing) voice in any human, usually airy and lacking a purity of vowels; created by utilizing the next highest vocal folds above those used for speech and normal range singing. It is commonly confused with the head voice register.
falsetto: A person who sings in falsetto.
judgment: The act of judging.
judgment: The power or faculty of performing such operations; especially, when unqualified, the faculty of judging or deciding rightly, justly, or wisely
judgment: The conclusion or result of judging; an opinion; a decision.
judgment: The act of determining, as in courts of law, what is conformable to law and justice; also, the determination, decision, or sentence of a court, or of a judge.
judgment: The final award; the last sentence.
corridor: A narrow hall or passage with rooms leading off it, as in a building or in a railway carriage.
corridor: A restricted tract of land that allows passage between two places.
corridor: The covered way lying round the whole compass of the fortifications of a place.
corridor: Airspace restricted for the passage of aircraft.
corridor: The land near an important road, river, railway line
baccarat: A card game resembling chemin de fer with many forms - usually entailing the player(s) betting against two or three hands dealt - also bearing some similarities to blackjack.
newcomer: One who has recently come to a community; a recent arrival.
newcomer: A new participant in some activity; a neophyte.
previous: An existing criminal record (short for "previous convictions")
previous: A track record of similar behaviour.
sequitur: A logical conclusion or consequence of facts.
nomogram: A diagram in which the relationship between three variables is represented by a straight line or curve for each variable; the value of the third variable corresponding to particular values of the first two is obtained by drawing a straight line through the points on the first two curves that represent particular values of the first two variables and noting the point at which the line intersects the third line or curve.
emporium: A city or region which is a major trading centre; also, a place within a city for commerce and trading; a marketplace.
emporium: A shop that offers a wide variety of goods for sale; a department store; (with a descriptive word) a shop specializing in particular goods.
emporium: A business set up to enable foreign traders to engage in commerce in a country; a factory (now the more common term).
emporium: The brain.
limerick: A humorous, often bawdy verse of five anapaestic lines, with the rhyme scheme aabba, and typically having an 8–8–5–5–8 cadence.
tertiary: Any item considered to be of third order.
tertiary: A tertiary colour.
tertiary: Something from the Tertiary Period (the former term for the geologic period from 65 million to 2.58 million years ago).
tertiary: A tertiary feather; a tertial.
tertiary: A large stage in some extremely powerful thermonuclear weapons (resembling a greatly-enlarged secondary) which is compressed by the explosion of the secondary until ignition of nuclear fusion takes place, in much the same manner as the secondary is imploded by the primary, and which can allow for the attainment of yields of many tens or even hundreds of megatons, and likely even greater; not used in modern weapons due to a greater focus on the accurate use of sub-megaton weapons, the tremendous size of weapons incorporating a tertiary, and the lack of targets whose destruction would necessitate the use of a three-stage weapon.
tertiary: A member of a Roman Catholic third order; a layperson who participates in activities similar to those engaged in by men and women who take religious vows (respectively the first and second orders), and who may wear some elements of an order's habit such as a scapular.
moribund: A person who is near to dying.
crockery: Crocks or earthenware vessels, especially domestic utensils, collectively.
crockery: Dishes, plates, and similar tableware collectively, usually made of some ceramic material, used for serving food on and eating from.
homework: Exercises assigned by a teacher to a student which review concepts studied in class.
homework: Exercises assigned by a teacher to a student which review concepts studied in class.
homework: Something which one is encouraged to learn or study on one's own.
homework: Any work that is done at home; housework.
homework: Sexual intercourse.
homework: Tasks assigned by a dominant for a submissive to perform when they are physically away from their dominant or otherwise free.
demeanor: The social, non-verbal behaviours (such as body language and facial expressions) that are characteristic of a person.
portable: A portable building used for temporary purposes
portable: Clipping of portable toilet.
portable: A portable building used for temporary purposes
portable: A trailer or other movable structure used for classes at a school.
portable: Clipping of portable computer.
portable: A hand-held video gaming device.
allspice: A spice; the dried and ground unripe fruit of Pimenta dioica, thought to combine the flavours of several spices, such as cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.
allspice: Pimenta dioica, an evergreen tree of tropical America with aromatic berries.
painting: An illustration or artwork done with the use of paint.
painting: The action of applying paint to a surface.
painting: The same activity as an art form.
demarche: Alternative spelling of démarche
plimsoll: A rubber-soled lace-up canvas shoe for sports or onboard ships; a precursor of trainers.
plimsoll: The plimsoll symbol ⦵ (or o) that is used as a superscript in the notation of thermodynamics to indicate an arbitrarily chosen non-zero reference point.
diarrhea: A gastrointestinal disorder characterized by frequent and very soft or watery bowel movements.
diarrhea: The watery or very soft excrement that comes from such bowel movements.
galangal: Any of several east Asian plants of genera Alpinia and Kaempferia in the ginger family, used as a spice, but principally Alpinia galanga.
starjump: Alternative spelling of star jump
artefact: Alternative spelling of artifact
salesman: A man whose job it is to sell things, either in a shop/store or elsewhere.
conserve: Wilderness where human development is prohibited.
conserve: A jam or thick syrup made from fruit.
conserve: A medicinal confection made of freshly gathered vegetable substances mixed with finely powdered refined sugar.
conserve: A conservatory.
high tea: A late afternoon or early evening meal, typically consisting of a cooked dish with bread and butter and tea.
high tea: Formal afternoon tea.
attitude: The position of the body or way of carrying oneself.
attitude: Disposition or state of mind.
attitude: Unpleasant behavior.
attitude: The orientation of a vehicle or other object relative to the horizon, direction of motion, other objects, etc.
attitude: A position similar to arabesque, but with the raised leg bent at the knee.
stranger: A person whom one does not know; a person who is neither a friend nor an acquaintance.
stranger: An outsider or foreigner.
stranger: One not admitted to communion or fellowship.
stranger: A newcomer.
stranger: One who has not been seen for a long time.
stranger: One not belonging to the family or household; a guest; a visitor.
stranger: One not privy or party to an act, contract, or title; a mere intruder or intermeddler; one who interferes without right.
stranger: A superstitious premonition of the coming of a visitor by a bit of stalk in a cup of tea, the guttering of a candle, etc.
Goidelic: Division of the Gaelic languages including Irish Gaelic, Manx Gaelic and Scottish Gaelic.
firmware: Something in between hardware and software. Like software, it is created from source code, but it is closely tied to the hardware it runs on.
firmware: Software intended for such embedded computer applications.
licorice: The plant Glycyrrhiza glabra, or sometimes in North America, the related American Licorice plant Glycyrrhiza lepidota.
licorice: A type of candy made from that plant's dried root or its extract.
licorice: A black colour, named after the licorice.
licorice: A flavouring agent made from dried root portions of the aforementioned plant.
licorice: A supposed aphrodisiac made in the past from dried roots of Glycyrrhiza glabra and Glycyrrhiza echinata.
athletic: A muscular, large–boned person, in the typology of Ernst Kretschmer.
clearing: The act or process of making or becoming clear.
clearing: An area of land within a wood or forest devoid of trees.
clearing: An open space in the fog etc.
clearing: A process of exchanging transaction information and authorisation through a central institution or system to complete and settle those transactions.
clearing: A sequence of events used to disconnect a call, and return to the ready state.
clearing: The period in which remaining university places are allocated to remaining students.
clearing: The act of removing the ball from one's own goal area by kicking it.
shlemiel: Alternative form of schlemiel
rollback: A return to a prior state by undoing some operation, especially of policy or price changes.
rollback: A withdrawal of military forces.
rollback: An operation which returns a database, or group of records in a database, to a previous state (normally to the previous commit point).
rollback: The situation where a rollercoaster fails to reach the top of a hill and instead rolls backward.
rollback: A form of flatbed truck adapted or designed specifically as a tow truck or for transporting other vehicles.
rollback: The strategy of forcing a change in the major policies of a state, usually by replacing its ruling regime, or by totally annihilating an enemy's armed forces and occupying the country, as was done in World War II to Italy, Germany, and Japan.
rollback: An uncommanded reduction in the thrust of a jet engine.
leapfrog: A game, often played by children, in which a player leaps like a frog over the back of another person who has stooped over. One variation of the game involves a number of people lining up in a row and bending over. The last person in the line then vaults forward over each of the others until he or she reaches the front of the line, whereupon he also bends over. The process is then repeated.
leapfrog: The process by which a case is appealed or allowed to be appealed directly to a supreme court, bypassing an intermediate appellate court.
squabble: A minor fight or argument.
eulogist: A speaker who delivers a funeral oration (eulogy) for a deceased person.
eulogist: A person who praises another person or thing.
synapsis: The association of homologous maternal and paternal chromosomes during the initial part of meiosis.
synapsis: Alternative form of synapse
validity: The state of being valid, authentic or genuine.
validity: State of having legal force.
validity: A quality of a measurement indicating the degree to which the measure reflects the underlying construct, that is, whether it measures what it purports to measure (see reliability).
validity: The genuinity, as distinguished from the efficacity or the regularity, of a sacrament as a result of some formal dispositions being fulfilled.
artifact: An object made or shaped by human hand or labor.
artifact: An object made or shaped by some agent or intelligence, not necessarily of direct human origin.
artifact: Something viewed as a product of human agency or conception rather than an inherent element.
artifact: A finding or structure in an experiment or investigation that is not a true feature of the object under observation, but is a result of external action, the test arrangement, or an experimental error.
artifact: An object, such as a tool, ornament, or weapon of archaeological or historical interest, especially such an object found at an archaeological excavation.
artifact: An appearance or structure in protoplasm due to death, the method of preparation of specimens, or the use of reagents, and not present during life.
artifact: A perceptible distortion that appears in an audio or video file or a digital image as a result of applying a lossy compression or other inexact processing algorithm.
artifact: Ellipsis of build artifact.
artifact: Any object in the collection of a museum. May be used sensu stricto only for human-made objects, or may include ones that are not human-made.
Bakelite: A heat-resisting chemically inert phenol formaldehyde resin (an early thermosetting plastic).
chipotle: A ripe jalapeño pepper, dried and smoked for use in cooking.
Mercedes: Clipping of Mercedes-Benz, a car manufactured by Mercedes-Benz.
futility: The quality of being futile or useless.
futility: Something, especially an act, that is futile.
futility: Unimportance.
educator: A person distinguished for their educational work, a teacher.
docility: The quality of being docile.
sergeant: UK army rank with NATO code OR-6, senior to corporal and junior to warrant officer ranks.
sergeant: The highest rank of noncommissioned officer in some non-naval military forces and police.
sergeant: A lawyer of the highest rank, equivalent to the doctor of civil law.
sergeant: A title sometimes given to the servants of the sovereign.
sergeant: A bailiff.
sergeant: A servant in monastic offices.
sergeant: A fish, the cobia.
sergeant: Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Athyma; distinct from the false sergeants.
blowhard: A person who talks too much or too loudly, especially in a boastful or self-important manner.
delusion: A false belief that is resistant to confrontation with actual facts.
delusion: The state of being deluded or misled, or process of deluding somebody.
delusion: That which is falsely or delusively believed or propagated; false belief; error in belief.
delusion: A fixed, false belief, that will not change, despite evidence to the contrary.
megabase: A length of nucleic acid containing one million nucleotides (bases if single-stranded, base pairs if double-stranded)
folklore: The tales, legends, superstitions, and traditions of a particular ethnic population.
folklore: The tales, superstitions etc. of any particular group or community.
folklore: The collective of proofs or techniques which are widely known among mathematicians, but have never been formally published.
tamarind: A tropical tree, Tamarindus indica.
tamarind: The fruit of this tree; the pulp is used as spice in Asian cooking and in Worcestershire sauce.
tamarind: Other similar species:
tamarind: Diploglottis australis, native tamarind, a rainforest tree of Eastern Australia.
tamarind: Other similar species:
tamarind: Garcinia gummi-gutta, Malabar tamarind, native to Indonesia.
tamarind: Other similar species:
tamarind: A velvet tamarind (Dialium spp.).
tamarind: A dark brown colour, like that of tamarind pulp (also called tamarind brown).
smeghead: A fool.
atypical: An atypical antipsychotic.
fireship: A sailing ship that has been set alight and left to drift into an opposing fleet. Famously used by Englishman Sir Francis Drake when fighting the Spanish Armada of 1588.
fireship: A diseased prostitute.
weakling: A person of weak or even sickly physical constitution
weakling: A person of weak character, lacking in courage and/or moral strength.
isoquant: A line of equal or constant economic production on a graph, chart or map
deceased: A dead person.
deceased: One who has died. In property law, the alternate term decedent is generally used in US English. In criminal law, “the deceased” refers to the victim of a homicide.
catalyst: A substance that increases the rate of a chemical reaction without being consumed in the process.
catalyst: Something that encourages progress or change.
catalyst: An inciting incident that sets the successive conflict into motion.
catalyst: A catalytic converter.
catalyst: An object that facilitates the casting of a spell (such as a magic wand).
gunmetal: A type of bronze used for making cannons.
gunmetal: An alloy of 88% copper, 10% tin and 2% zinc, originally used for making guns.
gunmetal: A dark grey or bluish-grey colour; gunmetal grey.
thebaine: A poisonous alkaloid, paramorphine, obtained from opium; not used in medicine.
isopleth: A line drawn on a map through all points having the same value of some measurable quantity.
isopleth: A line in a phase diagram indicating the same mole fraction.
plebeian: A member of the plebs, the common citizens of ancient Rome.
plebeian: A commoner, particularly (derogatory) a low, vulgar person.
braggart: Someone who constantly brags or boasts.
neophyte: A beginner; a person who is new to a subject, skill, or belief.
neophyte: A novice (recent convert); a new convert or proselyte; a new monk.
neophyte: A name given by the early Christians, and still given by the Roman Catholics, to those who have recently embraced the Christian faith, and been admitted to baptism, especially those converts from heathenism or Judaism.
neophyte: A plant species recently introduced to an area (in contrast to archaeophyte, a long-established introduced species).
jealousy: A state of being jealous; a jealous attitude.
jealousy: A state of being jealous; a jealous attitude.
jealousy: A close concern for someone or something, solicitude, vigilance.
numskull: A dunce, mentally dull or stupid person.
numskull: A person who refuses to learn or grow mentally.
kilobase: a length of double-stranded DNA containing two thousand nucleotides, one thousand on each strand
kilobase: a length of single-stranded RNA containing one thousand nucleotides
know-how: The knowledge and skill to be able to (do something correctly).
audience: A group of people within hearing; specifically, a large gathering of people listening to or watching a performance, speech, etc.
audience: Hearing; the condition or state of hearing or listening.
audience: A widespread or nationwide viewing or listening public, as of a TV or radio network or program.
audience: A formal meeting with a state or religious dignitary.
audience: The readership of a book or other written publication.
audience: A following.
audience: An audiencia (judicial court of the Spanish empire), or the territory administered by it.
acrostic: A poem or other text in which certain letters, often the first in each line, spell out a name or message.
acrostic: A poem in Hebrew in which successive lines or verses start with consecutive letters of the alphabet.
acrostic: A kind of word puzzle, whose solution forms an anagram of a quotation, with its initial letters often forming the name of the person quoted.
unleaded: An unleaded fuel.
unleaded: Decaffeinated coffee.
unleaded: Low-alcohol beer.
errantry: A wandering or roving around, especially in search of chivalrous adventure.
isotherm: A line on a graph or chart, such as a weather map, along which all the points have the same temperature.
morphine: A crystalline alkaloid (7,8-didehydro-4,5-epoxy-17-methyl-morphinan-3,6-diol), extracted from opium, the salts of which are soluble in water and are used as analgesics, anaesthetics and sedatives; it is one of a group of morphine alkaloids.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: A vibrating device used for massage or sexual stimulation.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: A device designed to electromechanically interrupt current flowing to the step-up transformer which was used to generate the high tension positive supply in old battery-operated (automotive) valve radios.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: A trembler, as of an electric bell.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: A vibrating reed for transmitting or receiving pulsating currents in a harmonic telegraph system.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: A device for vibrating the pen of a siphon recorder to diminish frictional resistance on the paper.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: An oscillator.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: An ink-distributing roller in a printing machine, having an additional vibratory motion.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: A vibrating reed in a musical instrument, especially a reed organ.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: Any of various vibrating devices, such as one for slackening the warp as a shed opens.
vibrator: A device that vibrates or causes vibration.
vibrator: An attachment, usually pneumatic, in a moulding machine to shake the pattern loose.
rendzina: A dark soil that sometimes develops under grass on limestone and chalk.
testator: One who makes or has made a legally valid will.
pahoehoe: A form of lava flow of basaltic rock, usually dark-colored with a smooth or ropey surface. It is one of two chief forms of lava flow emitted from volcanoes of the Hawaiian type, the other form being aa.
isogloss: A line on a map indicating the geographical boundaries of a linguistic feature.
exponent: One who expounds, represents or advocates.
exponent: The number by which a value (called the base) is said to be raised to a power in exponentiation: for example, the 3 in 2³=8.
exponent: The degree to which the root of a radicand is found, for example, the 2 in ^(2])√=b.
exponent: A manifestation of a morphosyntactic property.
exponent: The part of a floating-point number that represents its exponent value.
schmaltz: Liquid chicken fat.
schmaltz: Excessively sentimental art or music.
Theodore: A fiador.
pirozhki: Small pastries filled with finely chopped meat, vegetables or fruit baked or fried, from eastern European cuisine, or a serving of these.
pirozhki: A single such pastry.
asphyxia: Loss of consciousness due to the interruption of breathing and consequent anoxia.
asphyxia: Loss of consciousness due to the body's inability to deliver oxygen to its tissues, either by the breathing of air lacking oxygen or by the inability of the blood to carry oxygen.
asphyxia: A condition in which an extreme decrease in the concentration of oxygen in the body leads to loss of consciousness or death. Replaced in the mid-20th century by the more specific terms anoxia, hypoxia, hypoxemia and hypercapnia.
antiphon: A devotional chant; a piece of music sung responsively.
antiphon: A response or reply.
prisoner: A person incarcerated in a prison, while on trial or serving a sentence.
prisoner: Any person held against their will.
prisoner: A person who is or feels confined or trapped by a situation or a set of circumstances.
jettison: Items that have been or are about to be ejected from a boat or balloon.
jettison: The action of jettisoning items.
anorexia: Loss of appetite, especially as a result of disease.
anorexia: Anorexia nervosa.
schmooze: A casual conversation, especially one held in order to gain an advantage or make a social connection.
intimate: A very close friend.
intimate: Women's underwear, sleepwear, or lingerie, especially offered for sale in a store.
lymphoma: A malignant tumor that arises in the lymph nodes or in other lymphoid tissue.
aesthete: Someone who cultivates an unusually high sensitivity to beauty, as in art or nature, often in a manner perceived to prioritize beauty over other qualities such as virtue and utility.
faithful: The practicing members of a religion or followers of a cause.
faithful: Someone or something that is faithful or reliable.
diegesis: A narration or recitation.
kielbasa: A spicy, smoked sausage of a particular kind from Eastern Europe.
kielbasa: Penis.
enthalpy: A measure of the heat content of a chemical or physical system.
chutzpah: Nearly arrogant courage; utter audacity, effrontery or impudence; supreme self-confidence; exaggerated self-opinion.
doxology: An expression of praise to God, especially a short hymn sung as part of a Christian worship service.
shunyata: Alternative spelling of sunyata
outbreak: An eruption; the sudden appearance of a rash, disease, etc.
outbreak: A sudden increase.
outbreak: An outburst or sudden eruption, especially of violence and mischief.
outbreak: Synonym of breakout (“escape from prison”)
necrosis: The localized death of cells or tissues through injury, disease, or the interruption of blood supply.
phantasm: Something seen but having no physical reality; a phantom or apparition.
phantasm: A impression as received by the senses, especially an image, often prior to any interpretation by the intellect.
maverick: An unbranded range animal.
maverick: Anything dishonestly obtained.
maverick: One who is unconventional or does not abide by rules.
maverick: One who creates or uses controversial or unconventional ideas or practices.
maverick: A person in the military who became an officer by going to college while on active duty as an enlisted person.
maverick: A queen and a jack as a starting hand in Texas hold 'em.
hypnotic: A person who is, or can be, hypnotized.
hypnotic: A soporific substance.
necklace: An article of jewelry that is worn around the neck, most often made of a string of precious metal, pearls, gems, beads or shells, and sometimes having a pendant attached.
necklace: Anything resembling a necklace in shape.
necklace: A device used in necklacing (an informal execution); a rubber tyre that is filled with petrol. It is placed around the victim's chest and arms, and set on fire.
shipping: The transportation of goods.
shipping: The body of ships belonging to one nation, port or industry; ships collectively.
shipping: Passage or transport on a ship.
shipping: The cost of sending an item or package via postal or carrier services.
shipping: Navigation.
shipping: The desire by followers of a fandom for two or more people, either real-life people or fictional characters, to be in a romantic or sexual relationship.
melanoma: A dark-pigmented, usually malignant tumor arising from a melanocyte and occurring most commonly in the skin.
lethargy: A state of extreme torpor or apathy, especially with lack of emotion, energy or enthusiasm; (loosely) sluggishness, laziness.
lethargy: A condition characterized by extreme fatigue or drowsiness, deep unresponsiveness, or prolonged sleep patterns.
sensible: Sensation; sensibility.
sensible: That which impresses itself on the senses; anything perceptible.
sensible: That which has sensibility; a sensitive being.
cow-tree: Any of various South American trees which, when wounded, exude a rich milky liquid.
cow-tree: Brosimum utile, native to Brazil and Venezuela
cow-tree: Couma macrocarpa of the family Apocynaceae, a tropical rain forest tree native to Colombia.
cow-tree: Gymnema lactiferum, native to Ceylon.
cow-tree: Manilkara bidentata, native to Brazil
cashmere: Fine, downy wool from beneath the outer hair of the Cashmere goat.
cashmere: A soft fabric made of this wool.
cashmere: A rich kind of shawl made from this wool.
cashmere: Any similar shawl.
albacore: A longfin tuna, a large marine fish (Thunnus alalunga) of warm seas, having edible flesh.
verandah: Alternative spelling of veranda
dungaree: Heavy denim fabric, often blue; blue jean material.
dungaree: attributive form of dungarees
armchair: A chair with supports for the arms or elbows.
charisma: Personal charm or magnetism.
charisma: An extraordinary power granted by the Holy Spirit.
charisma: The ability to influence without the use of logic.
meridian: In full celestial meridian: a great circle passing through the poles of the celestial sphere and the zenith for a particular point on the Earth's surface.
meridian: In full terrestrial meridian: a great circle on the Earth's surface, passing through the geographic poles (the terrestrial North Pole and South Pole); also, half of such a circle extending from pole to pole, all points of which have the same longitude.
meridian: The place on the celestial meridian where it is crossed by the sun or a star at its highest point.
meridian: The highest or most developed point, or most splendid stage, of something; culmination, peak, zenith.
meridian: The place on the celestial meridian where it is crossed by the sun or a star at its highest point.
meridian: Chiefly followed by of: the middle period of someone's life, when they are at their full abilities or strength; one's prime.
meridian: A ring or half-ring with markings in which an artificial globe is installed and may spin.
meridian: A line passing through the poles of any sphere; a notional line on the surface of a curved or round body (in particular, an eyeball).
meridian: The size of type between double great primer and canon, standardized as 44-point.
meridian: The south.
meridian: Midday, noon.
meridian: A midday rest; a siesta.
meridian: A particular area or situation considered as having a specific characteristic or identity; also, the characteristics, habits, or tastes of a specific group, locale, etc.
meridian: An alcoholic drink taken at midday.
meridian: Any of the pathways on the body along which chi or qi (life force) is thought to flow and, therefore, the acupoints are distributed; especially, one of twelve such pathways associated with organs of the body.
halfling: A fictional small humanoid creature featuring in fantasy fiction; a hobbit.
halfling: A fictional humanoid born of a human parent and a parent of another race in fantasy fiction.
halfling: A half-grown person, between a child and an adult.
symphony: An extended piece of music of sophisticated structure, usually for orchestra.
symphony: An instrumental introduction or termination to a vocal composition.
symphony: Harmony in music or colour, or a harmonious combination of elements.
symphony: A symphony orchestra.
carnauba: A Brazilian palm tree having waxy, fan-shaped leaves and toothed leafstalks, Copernicia prunifera.
carnauba: The hard wax obtained from the leaves of this plant and used especially in polishes.
megalith: A large stone slab making up a prehistoric monument, or part of such a monument.
megalith: A prehistoric monument made up of one or more large stones.
megalith: A large stone or block of stone used in the construction of a modern structure.
pedagogy: The profession of teaching.
pedagogy: The activities of educating, teaching or instructing.
pedagogy: The strategies or methods of instruction; an educational philosophy.
rambutan: A tree, Nephelium lappaceum, of Southeast Asia.
rambutan: The fruit of this tree.
alveolar: An alveolar consonant.
downcast: Synonym of downthrow (“a depression of the strata on one side of a fault; also, the degree of downward displacement in such a fault”)
downcast: An act of looking downwards, usually as a sign of discouragement, sadness, etc., or sometimes modesty; hence (uncountable, archaic), dejection, melancholy.
downcast: An act, or the situation, of being cast or thrown to the ground.
downcast: A defeat, an overthrow; also, an act of destruction or ruin.
downcast: A cast (“change of expression of a data type”) from supertype to subtype.
downcast: A ventilating shaft down which air passes in circulating through a mine.
monotone: A single unvaried tone of speech or a sound.
monotone: A piece of writing in one strain throughout.
howitzer: A cannon that combines certain characteristics of field guns and mortars, delivering projectiles with medium velocities, usually with relatively high trajectories; normally a cannon with a tube length of 20 to 30 calibers.
howitzer: A powerfully hit shot.
rhapsody: An epic poem, or part of one, suitable for uninterrupted recitation.
rhapsody: An exaggeratedly enthusiastic or exalted expression of feeling in speech or writing.
rhapsody: An instrumental composition of irregular form, often incorporating improvisation.
rhapsody: A random collection or medley; a miscellany; also, a confused string of stories, words, etc.
rhapsody: A literary composition consisting of miscellaneous works.
mantissa: A minor addition to a text.
mantissa: The part of a common logarithm after the decimal point, the fractional part of a logarithm.
mantissa: The significand; that part of a floating-point number or number in scientific notation that contains its significant digits.
strategy: The science and art of military command as applied to the overall planning and conduct of warfare.
strategy: A plan of action intended to accomplish a specific goal.
strategy: The act of strategizing; the development of effective strategies.
velleity: The lowest degree of desire or volition; a total lack of effort to act.
velleity: A slight wish not followed by any effort to obtain.
sentinel: A sentry, watch, or guard.
sentinel: A private soldier.
sentinel: A unique value recognised by a computer program for processing in a special way, or marking the end of a set of data.
sentinel: A sentinel crab.
sentinel: A sign of a health risk (e.g. a disease, an adverse effect).
sentinel: Someone who is hardworking and dutiful.
ambrosia: The food of the gods, thought to confer immortality.
ambrosia: The anointing-oil of the gods.
ambrosia: Any food with an especially delicious flavour or fragrance.
ambrosia: Anything delightfully sweet and pleasing.
ambrosia: An annual herb historically used medicinally and in cooking, Dysphania botrys.
ambrosia: A mixture of nectar and pollen prepared by worker bees and fed to larvae.
ambrosia: Any fungus of a number of species that insects such as ambrosia beetles carry as symbionts, "farming" them on poor-quality food such as wood, where they grow, providing food for the insect.
ambrosia: A dessert made of shredded coconuts and tropical fruits such as pineapples and oranges; some recipes also include ingredients such as marshmallow and cream.
pangolin: The scaly anteater; any of several long-tailed, scale-covered mammals of the order Pholidota of tropical Africa and Asia, the sole extant genus of which is Manis.
angstrom: A unit of length equal to 10⁻¹⁰ meters (that is, one ten-billionth of a meter), approximately the size of an atom, and denoted by the symbol Å, used especially to measure the wavelength of electromagnetic radiation or distances between atoms.
hysteria: Behavior exhibiting excessive or uncontrollable emotions, in a wide range from joy to panic but usually including anxiety or fear.
hysteria: A mental disorder characterized by emotional excitability etc. without an organic cause.
hysteria: Synonym of conversion disorder
hysteria: Any disorder of women with some psychiatric symptoms without other diagnosis, ascribed to uterine influences on the female body, lack of pregnancy, or lack of sex.
molasses: A thick, sweet syrup drained from sugarcane, especially (Canada, US) the still thicker and sweeter syrup produced by boiling down raw molasses.
molasses: Any similarly thick and sweet syrup produced by boiling down fruit juices, tree saps, etc., especially concentrated maple syrup.
molasses: Anything considered figuratively sweet, especially sweet words.
molasses: Synonym of molass: whiskey made from molasses.
forebear: An ancestor.
pinochle: A card game, similar to bezique.
pinochle: A meld of the jack of diamonds and queen of spades in that card game.
cribbage: A point-counting card game for two players, with variants for three or four players; the cribbage board used for scoring to 61 or 121 points in numerous small increments is characteristic.
cribbage: A variety of pocket billiards that, like the card game, awards points for pairs that total 15. A player who pockets a ball of a particular number must then immediately pocket the companion ball that brings the number to 15.
cribbage: A point scored in this variety of pocket billiards.
smelting: The process of melting or fusion, especially to extract a metal from its ore.
bungalow: A single-storey house, typically with rooms all on one level, or sometimes also with upper rooms set into the roof space.
bungalow: A thatched or tiled one-story house in India surrounded by a wide veranda; a similar house in this style.
paranoia: The obsolete name for a psychotic disorder, now called delusional disorder, often (in one of 6 subtypes) characterized by delusions of persecution and perceived threat against the individual affected with the disorder, and often associated with false accusations and general mistrust of others
paranoia: Extreme, irrational distrust of others.
arcology: Urban development theory proposed by Paolo Soleri involving three-dimensional building methods and efficient use of space and resources.
arcology: An extremely large building or complex, sufficient to maintain an internal ecology as well as an extremely high human population density.
coloring: An act or process which applies color.
coloring: Any substance used to give color.
coloring: The appearance as to color.
coloring: A disguise or discoloration.
coloring: An assignment of a color to each vertex of a graph such that no two vertices connected by an edge are given the same color.
rapakivi: A form of granite found in southeastern Finland.
furlough: A leave of absence or vacation.
furlough: especially one granted to a member of the armed forces, or to a prisoner.
furlough: A leave of absence or vacation.
furlough: especially one granted to a missionary.
furlough: The documents authorizing such leave.
furlough: A period of unpaid time off, used by an employer to reduce costs.
panorama: An unbroken view of an entire surrounding area.
panorama: A picture or series of pictures representing a continuous scene.
panorama: A comprehensive survey.
gossamer: A fine film or strand as of cobwebs, floating in the air or caught on bushes, etc.
gossamer: A soft, sheer fabric.
gossamer: Anything delicate, light and flimsy.
debility: A state of physical or mental weakness.
jeopardy: Danger of failure, harm, or loss.
township: The territory of a town.
township: A subdivision of a county.
township: An area set aside for nonwhite occupation.
township: A nonwhite (usually subeconomic) area attached to a city.
township: A small town.
catenary: The curve described by a flexible chain or a rope if it is supported at each end and is acted upon by no other forces than a uniform gravitational force due to its own weight and variations involving additional and non-uniform forces.
catenary: Any physical cable, rope, chain, or other weight-supporting structure taking such geometric shape, as a suspension cable for a bridge or a power-transmission line or an arch for a bridge or roof.
catenary: The curve of an anchor cable from the seabed to the vessel; it should be horizontal at the anchor so as to bury the flukes.
catenary: A cable, the segments of which between supports take a catenary geometric shape, supporting in turn an overhead conductor that provides trains, trams or trolley buses with electricity, or the combination of the conductor, the cable, and supports.
actinism: That property of electromagnetic radiation that leads to the production of photochemical effects
engineer: A soldier engaged in designing or constructing military works for attack or defence, or other engineering works.
engineer: A soldier in charge of operating a weapon; an artilleryman, a gunner.
engineer: A person professionally engaged in the technical design and construction of large-scale private and public works such as bridges, buildings, harbours, railways, roads, etc.; a civil engineer.
engineer: Originally, a person engaged in designing, constructing, or maintaining engines or machinery; now (more generally), a person qualified or professionally engaged in any branch of engineering, or studying to do so.
engineer: A person trained to operate an engine; an engineman.
engineer: A person who operates a steam engine; specifically (nautical), a person employed to operate the steam engine in the engine room of a ship.
engineer: A person trained to operate an engine; an engineman.
engineer: A person who drives or operates a fire engine.
engineer: A person trained to operate an engine; an engineman.
engineer: A person who drives or operates a locomotive; a train driver.
engineer: Preceded by a qualifying word: a person who uses abilities or knowledge to manipulate events or people.
engineer: A person who formulates plots or schemes; a plotter, a schemer.
epopteia: The final initiation rite in the Eleusinian Mysteries.
breaking: The act by which something is broken.
breaking: A change of a vowel to a diphthong.
breaking: A form of ornamentation in which groups of short notes are used instead of long ones.
breaking: Breakdancing.
smashing: Gerund: The action of the verb to smash.
McGuffin: Alternative spelling of MacGuffin
trespass: An intentional interference with another's property or person.
trespass: sin
finching: A dorsal line or stripe in cattle markings
finching: The sport of hunting of finches
finching: the sport of competitive finch display
ecstatic: Transports of delight; words or actions performed in a state of ecstasy.
ecstatic: A person in a state of ecstasy.
bar star: A woman who frequents bars or lounges, usually late at night.
blowfish: Any species of fish of the family Tetraodontidae that have the ability to inflate themselves to a globe several times their normal size by swallowing water or air when threatened.
blowfish: A delicacy popular in Japan, consisting of the fish served raw as sushi or perhaps fried. It may, if improperly prepared, contain considerably deadly levels of neurotoxins.
browning: The act or operation of giving a brown colour, as to gun barrels, cooked food, etc.
browning: Any of various preparations used to impart a brown colour to gravy, leather, etc.
browning: A smooth coat of brown mortar, usually the second coat, and the preparation for the finishing coat of plaster.
browning: A brown-skinned person.
seafarer: A sailor or mariner.
seafarer: One who travels by sea.
commando: A small fighting force specially trained for making quick destructive raids against enemy-held areas.
commando: A commando trooper.
commando: An organized force of Boer troops in South Africa; a raid by such troops.
filicide: The killing of one's own child.
filicide: A person who kills his or her own child.
lovelorn: A person who is lovelorn.
impotent: a man who has erectile dysfunction
impotent: an impotent or powerless person
orthoepy: Synonym of phonology: the study of pronunciation.
orthoepy: Accepted or customary pronunciation.
Valkyrie: Alternative spelling of valkyrie
zeppelin: Alternative letter-case form of Zeppelin
paleface: A white person; a person of European descent.
vivacity: The quality or state of being vivacious.
torturer: Someone who tortures.
fine leg: A fielding position on the leg side, behind square and near the boundary.
fine leg: The fielder in that position.
chugalug: A glugging sound, especially one made by a person drinking in large gulps
hydroxyl: A univalent radical or functional group (–OH) in organic chemistry; present in alcohols, phenols, carboxylic acids and certain other classes of compounds.
monocyte: A type of leukocyte (white blood cell) that differentiates into a macrophage.
carboxyl: A univalent functional group consisting of a carbonyl and a hydroxyl functional group (-CO.OH); characteristic of carboxylic acids.
grouping: A collection of things or people united as a group.
grouping: Combining into groups.
grouping: Shot grouping.
formalin: A solution of formaldehyde in water; used as a disinfectant and to preserve biological specimens.
trisomic: An organism that exhibits trisomy
changing: Change; alteration.
cytology: The study of cells.
cytology: Cytopathology.
pendulum: A body suspended from a fixed support so that it swings freely back and forth under the influence of gravity, commonly used to regulate various devices such as clocks.
pendulum: A body suspended from a fixed support so that it swings freely back and forth under the influence of gravity, commonly used to regulate various devices such as clocks.
pendulum: The tendency of a situation to oscillate (between two extremes).
pendulum: A lamp, etc. suspended from a ceiling.
pendulum: A watch's guard-ring by which it is attached to a chain.
ugg boot: A boot made of sheepskin with the wool as the lining and the leather as the outside.
ribosome: A small organelle found in all cells; involved in the production of proteins by translating messenger RNA.
heliodon: A mechanical device, used in architecture, for demonstrating the sun's motion relative to a building.
aldehyde: Any of a large class of reactive organic compounds (R·CHO) having a carbonyl functional group attached to one hydrocarbon radical and a hydrogen atom.
carbonyl: A divalent functional group, (-CO-), characteristic of aldehydes, ketones, carboxylic acids, amides, carboxylic acid anhydrides, carbonyl halides, esters and others.
carbonyl: Any compound of a metal with carbon monoxide, such as nickel carbonyl, Ni(CO)₄.
antibody: A protein produced by B-lymphocytes that binds to a specific antigen.
chilling: The act by which something is chilled.
pisiform: A small bone in the wrist at the junction of the ulna and the carpus
coleslaw: A salad of finely shredded raw cabbage and sometimes shredded carrots, dressed with mayonnaise (white slaw) or a vinaigrette (red slaw).
collagen: Any of more than 28 types of glycoprotein that form elongated fibers, usually found in the extracellular matrix of connective tissue.
bivalent: Any bivalent chromosome.
heliosis: Sunstroke.
heliosis: Sunburn.
heliosis: Exposure to the sun.
heliosis: Scorching of plants by the sun.
songbird: A bird having a melodious song or call.
songbird: Any bird in the passerine suborder Passeri, which are distinguished by a more sophisticated vocal apparatus
songbird: A person, especially a woman, with a melodious voice
modifier: One who, or that which, modifies.
modifier: A word, phrase, or clause that limits or qualifies the sense of another word or phrase.
modifier: A keyword that qualifies the meaning of other code.
modifier: Short for modifier key.
migraine: A severe, disabling headache, usually affecting only one side of the head, and often accompanied by nausea, vomiting, photophobia and visual disturbances.
migraine: A neurological condition characterised by such headaches.
heliodor: A richly coloured form of golden beryl found in southwest Africa.
coloured: Alternative form of colored
diabetic: A person with diabetes, usually diabetes mellitus.
drive-in: An outdoor cinema where movies are projected onto a large screen and patrons watch from inside their vehicles, listening either by a speaker or a designated radio frequency.
drive-in: A restaurant where patrons remain in their vehicles to consume their meals; the meal may be ordered and delivered to one's vehicle by a carhop waiter; or may require patrons to use a service counter. The cars in the parking lot serve as the patrons' dining room, there being a lack of dining rooms and tables.
drive-in: A drive-through restaurant where patrons remain in their vehicles and order food and beverages via a speaker phone; the meal is delivered by a service window accessible by car.
deletion: An item that has been or will be deleted.
deletion: The act of deleting.
deletion: A mutation in which a gene, or other section of DNA, is removed from a chromosome.
deletion: An act of killing or murder.
schooner: A sailing ship with two or more masts, all with fore-and-aft sails; if two masted, having a foremast and a mainmast.
schooner: A glass for drinking a large measure of sherry.
schooner: A glass of beer, of a size which varies between states (Wikipedia).
schooner: A large goblet or drinking glass, used for lager or ale (Wikipedia).
schooner: A covered wagon used by emigrants.
biennium: A period of two years, particularly for purposes involving intercalation or fiscal calculations.
homicide: The killing of one person by another, whether premeditated or unintentional.
homicide: A person who kills another.
homicide: A victim of homicide; a person who has been unlawfully killed by someone else.
homicide: The department within a police force that investigates cases of homicide.
carousal: A noisy feast or social gathering, often with much alcohol consumption.
ciborium: A fixed vaulted canopy over a Christian altar, supported on four columns.
ciborium: A covered receptacle for holding the consecrated wafers of the Eucharist.
maturity: The state of being mature, ready or ripe; the prime state of productibility and self expression.
maturity: When bodily growth has completed and/or reproduction can begin.
maturity: The state of a debt obligation at the end of the term of maturation thereof, once all interest and any applicable fees have accrued to the principal.
maturity: Date when payment is due.
carousel: A merry-go-round (type of ride on rotating platform).
carousel: A continuously revolving device for item delivery.
carousel: The rotating glass plate in a microwave oven.
carousel: A visual component that displays a horizontal series of items one at a time.
carousel: An equestrian discipline in which groups of riders make various formations.
carousel: A tilting match or tournament accompanied by games, shows, and allegorical performances.
believer: A person who believes; especially regarding religion.
Etruscan: An inhabitant of ancient Etruria.
castaway: A shipwrecked sailor.
castaway: A discarded person or thing.
castaway: An outcast; someone cast out of a group or society.
majolica: Earthenware decorated with coloured lead silicate glazes applied directly to an unglazed body.
majolica: Earthenware coated with opaque white tin-glaze, decorated with coloured metal oxide enamel(s).
detritus: Pieces of rock broken off by ice, glacier, or erosion.
detritus: Organic waste material from decomposing dead plants or animals.
detritus: Any debris or fragments of disintegrated material.
detritus: Rock consisting of accumulated debris from decayed rocks, like sand, that often is joined by cement.
dissolve: a form of film punctuation in which there is a gradual transition from one scene to the next
travesty: An absurd or grotesque misrepresentation.
travesty: A parody or stylistic imitation.
travesty: A grossly inferior imitation.
travesty: An appalling version of something.
floating: The motion of something that floats.
floating: Material that floats in a liquid.
floating: The spreading of plaster on the surface of walls.
floating: A veterinary dental procedure involving the filing down of sharp surfaces on a horse's teeth.
foxhound: A dog of a medium-sized breed developed for hunting.
protegee: Alternative spelling of protégée
bicyclic: A bicyclic compound.
response: An answer or reply, or something in the nature of an answer or reply.
response: The act of responding or replying; reply: as, to speak in response to a question.
response: An oracular answer.
response: A verse, sentence, phrase, or word said or sung by the choir or congregation in sequence or reply to the priest or officiant.
response: A versicle or anthem said or sung during or after a lection; a respond or responsory.
response: A reply to an objection in formal disputation.
response: An online advertising performance metric representing one click-through from an online ad to its destination URL.
response: A reaction to a stimulus or provocation.
backport: An act of backporting.
backport: A software program that has been backported.
smallpox: An acute, highly infectious often fatal disease caused by Variola virus of the family Poxviridae. It was completely eradicated in the 1970s, but still exists in laboratories. Those who survived were left with pockmarks.
crackpot: An eccentric, crazy or foolish person.
crackpot: Someone addicted to crack cocaine (i.e. a drug addict).
glaucoma: An eye disease or disorder that is defined as a characteristic optic neuropathy, or disease of the optic nerve, possibly, if untreated, leading to damage of the optic disc of the eye and resultant visual field loss due to lack of communication between the retina and the brain, which can lead to blindness.
genocide: The systematic and deliberate destruction of a group of people, typically by killing substantial numbers of them, on the basis of their ethnicity, religion, or nationality.
genocide: The systematic killing of substantial numbers of people on other grounds.
genocide: The systematic suppression of ideas or practices on the basis of cultural or ethnic origin; culturicide.
genocide: The elimination of an entire class of monsters by the player.
carnival: Any of a number of festivals held just before the beginning of Lent.
carnival: A festive occasion marked by parades and sometimes special foods and other entertainment.
carnival: A traveling amusement park, called a funfair in British English.
carnival: A context in which transgression or inversion of the social order is given temporary license. Derived from the work of Mikhail Bakhtin.
crucible: A cup-shaped piece of laboratory equipment used to contain chemical compounds when heating them to very high temperatures.
crucible: A heat-resistant container in which metals are melted, usually at temperatures above 500°C, commonly made of graphite with clay as a binder.
crucible: The bottom and hottest part of a blast furnace; the hearth.
crucible: A very difficult and trying experience, that acts as a refining or hardening process.
distress: Physical or emotional discomfort, suffering, or alarm, particularly of a more acute nature.
distress: A cause of such discomfort.
distress: Serious danger.
distress: An aversive state of stress to which a person cannot fully adapt.
distress: A seizing of property without legal process to force payment of a debt.
distress: The thing taken by distraining; that which is seized to procure satisfaction.
five-for: The feat of a bowler taking five wickets in one innings
retiring: retirement
pyridine: Any of a class of aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a ring of five carbon atoms and an nitrogen atom; especially the simplest one, C₅H₅N.
robotics: The science and technology of robots, their design, manufacture, and application
footwork: Any movement of the feet, especially intricate or complex movement, as in sports or dancing.
footwork: A subgenre of juke/ghetto house and style of street dance that originated in Chicago in the early 1990s.
multiply: An act or instance of multiplying.
sounding: The action of the verb to sound.
sounding: Test made with a probe or sonde.
sounding: A measured depth of water.
sounding: The act of inserting of a thin metal rod into the urethra of the penis for medical or sexual purposes
sounding: Any place or part of the ocean, or other water, where a sounding line will reach the bottom.
sounding: The sand, shells, etc. brought up by the sounding lead when it has touched bottom.
incentre: Alternative spelling of incenter
ecliptic: The great circle on the celestial sphere that is the mean apparent path of the sun as viewed from the earth.
ecliptic: The plane in which this great circle lies.
ecliptic: A great circle drawn on a terrestrial globe, used for illustrating and solving astronomical problems.
thiazole: Any of a class of unsaturated heterocyclic compounds containing a ring of three carbon atoms, a sulphur and an nitrogen atom; especially the simplest one, C₃H₃SN
intrigue: A complicated or clandestine plot or scheme intended to effect some purpose by secret artifice; conspiracy; stratagem.
intrigue: The plot of a play, poem or romance; the series of complications in which a writer involves their imaginary characters.
intrigue: Clandestine intercourse between persons; illicit intimacy; a liaison or affair.
standing: Position or reputation in society or a profession.
standing: Duration.
standing: The act of a person who stands, or a place where someone stands.
standing: The position of a team in a league or of a player in a list.
standing: Room in which to park a vehicle or vehicles
standing: The right of a party to bring a legal action, based on the relationship between that party and the matter to which the action relates.
standing: The location on a street where a market trader habitually operates.
atomizer: An instrument for reducing a liquid to spray or vapor for disinfecting, cooling, medical use or perfume spraying.
harridan: A vicious and scolding woman, especially an older one.
fleeting: An automatic operation mode of an absolute signal that reserves a route for several trains following one another, without the need for dispatcher to re-set the route for each train.
incircle: A circle within a polygon, especially a triangle, that is tangent to each side.
pratfall: A fall onto the buttocks.
pratfall: A humiliating mistake.
pratfall: A staged trip or fall, often for comedic purposes.
monogram: A picture drawn in line only, before the colour and/or shading is applied; an outline sketch.
monogram: A sentence consisting of only one line, or an epigram consisting of only one verse, of poetry.
monogram: A design or motif composed of one or more letters, often intertwined, used as an identifying mark of an individual or institution; the letters are usually the initials of their names.
hosepipe: A flexible pipe for carrying water or other liquids; a garden hose.
car park: An outdoor area or a building where cars may be parked.
car park: An outdoor area or a building where cars may be parked.
car park: A rectangular section, usually marked by painted lines, designated for the parking of a single car.
car park: A road with serious traffic congestion preventing the movement of vehicles.
break-in: The act of entering a place with the intent to steal or commit some other offense; an instance of breaking and entering.
break-in: A novelty record where a question is asked or a comment is raised, and the replies are lyrics from other songs, sampled from the recordings.
trombone: A musical instrument in the brass family, having a cylindrical bore, and usually a sliding tube (but sometimes piston valves, and rarely both). Most often refers to the tenor trombone, which is the most common type of trombone and has a fundamental tone of B♭ˌ (contra B♭).
trombone: The common European bittern.
trombone: A kind of extendable support for attaching lighting elements to a set.
bleacher: One who, or that which, bleaches.
bleacher: A stand of tiered planks used as seating for spectators, often outdoors.
bleacher: The tiered seating provided for the audience at a television filming.
minstrel: Originally, an entertainer employed to juggle, play music, sing, tell stories, etc.; a buffoon, a fool, a jester; later, a medieval (especially travelling) entertainer who would recite and sing poetry, often to their own musical accompaniment.
minstrel: Any lyric poet, musician, or singer.
minstrel: One of a troupe of entertainers, often a white person who wore black makeup (blackface), to present a so-called minstrel show, being a variety show of banjo music, dance, and song (now sometimes regarded as racist).
minstrel: An amphetamine tablet, typically black, or black and white, in colour.
mystique: An aura of heightened interest, meaning or mystery surrounding a person or thing.
diastema: A gap or space between two adjacent teeth, especially the upper front incisors (in humans).
diastema: A gap between teeth of different types, e.g. incisors and molars, which is a feature of some rodents and ungulates.
diastema: any abnormal space, fissure, or cleft in an organ or part of the body.
diastema: the modified protoplasm at the equator of a cell, existing before mitotic division.
hamartia: The tragic flaw of the protagonist in a literary tragedy.
hamartia: Sin.
hamartia: A focal malformation consisting of disorganized arrangement of tissue types.
djellaba: A loose-fitting, ankle-length hooded robe worn by men in North Africa.
slaphead: A bald person; somebody with a shaved or hairless head.
fo'c'sle: Forecastle.
forklift: A small industrial vehicle with a power-operated fork-like pronged platform that can be raised and lowered for insertion under a load, often on pallets, to be lifted and moved.
comedone: A comedo.
wombmate: A sibling with whom an unborn child shares the womb.
stalking: The act of going stealthily.
stalking: Hunting for game by moving silently and stealthily or by waiting in ambush.
stalking: The crime of following or harassing another person, causing him or her to fear death or injury.
stalking: The removal of stalks from bunches of grapes prior to winemaking.
fireplug: A fire hydrant.
janizary: Alternative spelling of janissary.
barbette: A mound of earth or a platform in a fortification, on which guns are mounted to fire over the parapet.
barbette: The inside fixed trunk of a warship's gun-mounting, on which the turret revolves. It contains the hoists for shells and cordite from the shell-room and magazine.
streaker: One who runs naked through a public place as a prank.
streaker: A dolphin of species Stenella coeruleoalba.
Einstein: An extremely clever or intelligent person.
backstay: A part of the rigging of a sailing ship extending from masthead the top of the mast to the back of the ship; they support the strain on all upper masts and provide additional support to the shrouds when the wind is abaft the beam.
backstay: A strengthening or supporting piece that is built into the back of something.
facelift: Plastic surgery to the face to remove wrinkles, fat or various signs of aging.
facelift: Any activity undertaken to renew, revamp, update, or improve the appearance of something.
multiple: A whole number that can be divided by another number with no remainder.
multiple: Price-earnings ratio.
multiple: One of a set of the same thing; a duplicate.
multiple: A single individual who has multiple personalities.
multiple: One of a set of siblings produced by a multiple birth.
multiple: A chain store.
multiple: A discovery resulting from the work of many people throughout history, not merely the work of the person who makes the final connection.
multiple: More than one piercing in a single ear.
congress: A coming together of two or more people; a meeting.
congress: A formal gathering or assembly; a conference held to discuss or decide on a specific question.
congress: A legislative body of a state, originally the bicameral legislature of the United States of America.
congress: An association, especially one consisting of other associations or representatives of interest groups.
congress: Coitus; sexual intercourse.
congress: A group of baboons; the collective noun for baboons.
tropical: A tropical plant.
terakihi: Alternative form of tarakihi
pen name: A fictitious name used by an author in place of their actual name; a writer's pseudonym.
purblind: A person who has impaired vision or is partially blind.
pappoose: Alternative spelling of papoose
eyesight: Vision or the faculty of sight.
eyesight: View or the range of vision.
figuring: Calculation.
figuring: Structure, design, or arrangement; figure.
figuring: Representation.
new moon: The phase of the moon when it is in conjunction with the sun and is therefore obscured.
new moon: The moon when it is in conjunction with the sun.
new moon: The phase of the moon when it is waxing.
new moon: The moon when it is waxing.
new moon: The day when the new moon is first seen or is expected to appear.
matériel: Alternative spelling of materiel
porridge: A dish made of grain or legumes, milk and/or water, heated and stirred until thick and typically eaten for breakfast.
porridge: Oatmeal porridge.
porridge: A dish made of grain or legumes, milk and/or water, heated and stirred until thick and typically eaten for breakfast.
porridge: Rice porridge; congee.
porridge: A dish made of grain or legumes, milk and/or water, heated and stirred until thick and typically eaten for breakfast.
porridge: A prison sentence.
porridge: A type of thick soup or stew, especially thickened with barley.
problema: A problem set forth in the Ancient Greek scholarly tradition.
atheosis: Misspelling of athetosis.
obedient: One who obeys.
blogcast: a short video and/or audio clip published within a blog
blogcast: a podcast
biorobot: A biological organism that has been created and designed by artificial means.
biorobot: A person who performs robot-like tasks, or performs tasks in place of a robot.
blessure: injury
biometry: The measurement of biological data.
biometry: The analysis of biological statistics; biostatistics.
biometry: The application of biostatistics to security; biometrics.
habitant: a member of habitation colony at Stadacona founded by Samuel de Champlain, where Quebec City now lies
habitant: Inhabitant, dweller.
nomology: The study of laws
nomology: The study of general physical and logical laws
nomology: The science of the laws of the mind; rational psychology.
materiel: Military equipment, apparatus, and supplies.
thealogy: The study of or reflection upon the or a goddess, or the feminine divine, e.g. from a feminist viewpoint.
viaticum: The Eucharist, when given to a person who is dying or one in danger of death.
viaticum: Provisions, money, or other supplies given to someone setting off on a long journey.
viaticum: A portable altar.
occlusal: occlusion
fistmele: A traditional unit of distance equal to the width of a clenched fist with the thumb extended (approx. 6½ inches or 16½ centimetres).
dollymop: An amateur, often part-time, female prostitute in 19th-century London.
mycelium: The vegetative part of any fungus, consisting of a mass of branching, threadlike hyphae, often underground.
eugeroic: Any of a class of stimulants that produce long-lasting mental arousal.
oblivion: The state of forgetting completely, of being oblivious, unconscious, unaware, as when sleeping, drunk, or dead.
oblivion: The state of being completely forgotten, of being reduced to a state of non-existence, extinction, or nothingness, including through war and destruction. (Figuratively) for an area like hell, a wasteland.
oblivion: A form of purgatory.
oblivion: Amnesty.
name day: The feast day of the saint after whom one is named.
name day: Synonym of ticket day
catechol: The biologically important diphenol ortho-dihydroxy benzene; isomeric with hydroquinone and resorcinol.
scrubber: A person or appliance that cleans floors or similar by scrubbing.
scrubber: A device that removes impurities from gases.
scrubber: A machine for washing leather after the tanpit.
scrubber: An animal (especially cattle) that has broken away from the herd and established itself in the bush.
scrubber: Someone who lives in the bush; a wild person, someone only partly assimilated into society.
scrubber: A prostitute or a slovenly woman.
scrubber: A dirty or unhygienic person.
scrubber: A horizontal bar allowing the user to set the playback position.
Popsicle: A Popsicle brand popsicle, a type of ice lolly.
semitone: A musical interval equal to an augmented unison or a minor second, depending on the context and tuning system used
semitone: Any of the pitches of the chromatic scale
oxyanion: Any anion derived from an oxyacid
hexagram: A hollow six-pointed star formed by overlapping two equilateral triangles.
hexagram: Any of the 64 sets of solid and broken lines, formed by pairs of trigrams, used for divination in the I Ching.
hexagram: A large silver coin minted during the Byzantine Empire.
retrieve: A retrieval
retrieve: The return of a difficult ball
retrieve: A seeking again; a discovery.
retrieve: The recovery of game once sprung.
hydracid: An acid that does not contain any oxygen as opposed to an oxyacid; they are all binary compounds of hydrogen and a halogen or pseudohalogen.
breadbox: a container for storing bread or other baked goods to keep them fresh
orthogon: A right-angle triangle.
orthogon: A rectangular figure.
orthogon: A multi-dimensional figure in which all sides result in a right-angle, typically surpassing the restrictions of 3 dimensions.
bacronym: Alternative spelling of backronym.
neurosis: A mental disorder, less severe than psychosis, marked by anxiety or fear which differ from normal measures by their intensity, which disorder results from a failure to compromise or properly adjust during the developmental stages of life, between normal human instinctual impulses and the demands of human society.
oxytocic: An oxytocic drug.
surround: Anything, such as a fence or border, that surrounds something.
deferred: Synonym of promise (“object representing delayed result”)
deferred: A deferred bond.
inactive: A person who does not take action.
fat farm: A health club or resort running weight-loss programs.
emphasis: Special weight or forcefulness given to something considered important.
emphasis: Special attention or prominence given to something.
emphasis: Prominence given to a syllable or words, by raising the voice or printing in italic or underlined type.
emphasis: The phonetic or phonological feature that distinguishes emphatic consonants from other consonants.
emphasis: The use of boldface, italics, or other such formatting to highlight text.
reprisal: An act of retaliation.
reprisal: Something taken from an enemy in retaliation.
reprisal: The act of taking something from an enemy by way of retaliation or indemnity.
rudiment: A fundamental principle or skill, especially in a field of learning.
rudiment: A form that lacks full or complex development.
rudiment: A body part that no longer has a function
rudiment: In percussion, one of a selection of basic drum patterns learned as an exercise.
landmark: An object that marks the boundary of a piece of land (usually a stone, or a tree).
landmark: A recognizable natural or man-made feature used for navigation.
landmark: A notable location with historical, cultural, or geographical significance.
landmark: A major event or discovery.
lunchbox: A container for transporting meals, especially lunch.
lunchbox: The male genitals when enclosed in clothing.
lunchbox: A lunch packaged in a disposable box to be taken away to eat.
lunchbox: A luggable; an early laptop computer, usually a unit with a handle and a fold-out keyboard.
lunchbox: A simple portable transmitter sometimes used in phreaking.
lunchbox: A cocktail made with beer, orange juice, and almond liqueur.
fondness: The quality of being fond: liking something, foolishness; doting affection; propensity.
cascabel: A small, round, hot variety of chili pepper, Capsicum annuum, which rattles when dry.
cascabel: A knob at the end of a cannon, cast onto the gun breech, to which a heavy rope is attached in order to control recoil.
cascabel: A bell attached to a sleigh or sleigh harness.
oxytocin: A hormone that stimulates contractions during labor, and then the production of milk; also plays a role in social bonding.
snorting: A snort sound or action.
horrible: A thing that causes horror; a terrifying thing, particularly a prospective bad consequence asserted as likely to result from an act.
horrible: A person wearing a comic or grotesque costume in a parade of horribles.
sea wasp: Any of several marine stinging box jellyfish found in north east Australia and South East Asia, some deadly, especially Chironex fleckeri, Carukia barnesi, and Malo kingi.
aviatrix: A female aviator.
glycerin: Alternative spelling of glycerine.
red tape: The binding tape once used for holding important documents together.
red tape: Time-consuming regulations or bureaucratic procedures.
glycerol: 1,2,3-trihydroxy-propane or propan-1,2,3-triol; a trihydric alcohol
glycerol: A syrupy sweet liquid obtained as a by-product in the manufacture of soap from animal or vegetable oils and fats; it is used as an antifreeze, a plasticizer, and a food sweetener and in the manufacture of dynamite, cosmetics etc.
DMZ host: A single node in a DMZ, typically protected by a firewall, sometimes hidden by NAT. Usually, DMZ hosts accept incoming external connections, but they cannot initiate connections with internal hosts.
orthosis: A type of brace which either prevents or assists movement of a limb or the spine.
armature: The rotating part of an electric motor or dynamo, which mostly consists of coils of wire (the winding) around a metal core.
armature: The moving part in an electromechanical device like a loudspeaker or a buzzer.
armature: A piece of soft steel or iron that connects the poles of a magnet, to preserve its strength by forming a circuit.
armature: A supporting framework in a sculpture.
armature: A kinematic chain (a system of bones or rigid bodies connected by joints) that is used to pose and deform models, often character models.
armature: A protective organ, structure, or covering of an animal or plant, for defense or offense, like claws, teeth, thorns, or the shell of a turtle.
armature: Armor, or a suit of armor.
armature: Any apparatus for defence.
armature: The frame of a pair of glasses.
retronym: A new word or phrase coined for an old object or concept whose original name has become used for something else or is no longer unique, or which did not originally have a specific name.
reusable: Any product, such as a diaper, that is not disposable but can be used more than once.
kinesics: The study of non-verbal communication by means of gestures and/or other body movements.
kinesics: Such non-verbal communication.
critical: A critical value, factor, etc.
critical: In breakdancing, a kind of airflare move in which the dancer hops from one hand to the other.
misandry: Hatred of, contempt for, or prejudice against men.
objector: A person who objects to something.
suborder: A taxonomic category below order and above infraorder.
millirem: One thousandth of a rem
metallic: A metallic color.
suffrage: The right or chance to vote, express an opinion, or participate in a decision, especially in a democratic election.
suffrage: The right or chance to vote, express an opinion, or participate in a decision, especially in a democratic election.
suffrage: The right of women to vote.
suffrage: A vote in deciding a particular question.
suffrage: A prayer, for example a prayer offered for the faithful dead.
suffrage: A short petition, as those after the creed in matins and evensong.
suffrage: Aid, intercession.
suffrage: Testimony; attestation; witness; approval.
veracity: The quality of speaking or stating the truth; truthfulness.
veracity: Something that is true; a truthful statement; a truth.
veracity: Agreement with the facts; accordance with the truth; accuracy or precision.
veracity: Act of being exact and accurate.
veracity: Correctness and carefulness in one's plan of action.
inductee: One who, or that which, is inducted.
inductee: A person who is inducted into an organization.
inductee: One who, or that which, is inducted.
inductee: A person who is drafted or a volunteer that is activated into military service.
inductee: One who, or that which, is inducted.
covering: That which covers or conceals; a cover; something spread or laid over or wrapped about another.
covering: Action of the verb to cover.
covering: A continuous map onto a topological space X, π:E→X, such that there exists a discrete space D and for every x∈X an open neighborhood U⊂X, such that π⁻¹(U)= displaystyle ⨆_(d∈D)V_d and π|_(V_d):V_d→U is a homeomorphism for every d∈D.
arachnid: Any of the eight-legged creatures, including spiders, mites, and scorpions, of the class Arachnida.
rat bike: A motorcycle maintained at the lowest possible cost and usually painted black.
notturno: A nocturne.
cottager: A person who has the tenure of a cottage, usually also the occupant.
cottager: One who engages in sex in public lavatories; a practitioner of cottaging.
subclass: A secondary class within a main class.
subclass: A rank directly below class.
subclass: An object class derived from another class (its superclass) from which it inherits a base set of properties and methods.
shredder: A machine that tears up objects into smaller pieces, especially a paper shredder, garbage shredder or gardening or farming shredder.
shredder: A program that overwrites deleted data to prevent recovery.
shredder: Someone who snowboards; a snowboarder.
shredder: One who shreds, or plays (especially the guitar) very fast.
arousing: An act or occurrence in which something is aroused
Plutarch: Any specific edition of a work by Plutarch, often specifically Plutarch's Lives
misogyny: Hatred of, contempt for, or prejudice against women.
filigree: A delicate and intricate ornamentation made from platinum, gold or silver (or sometimes other metal) twisted wire.
filigree: A design resembling such intricate ornamentation.
obliging: The imposition of an obligation.
quiddity: The essence or inherent nature of a person or thing.
quiddity: A trifle; a nicety or quibble.
quiddity: An eccentricity; an odd feature.
baseline: A line that is a base for measurement or for construction.
baseline: A datum used as the basis for calculation or for comparison.
baseline: A line used as the basis for the alignment of glyphs.
baseline: The line at the farthest ends of the court indicating the boundary of the area of play.
baseline: A configuration of software, hardware, or a process that is established and documented as a point of reference.
sycamore: Any of several North American plane trees, of the genus Platanus, especially Platanus occidentalis (American sycamore), distinguished by its mottled bark which flakes off in large irregular masses.
sycamore: A large British and European species of maple, Acer pseudoplatanus, known in North America as the sycamore maple.
sycamore: A large tree bearing edible fruit, Ficus sycomorus, allied to the common fig, found in Egypt and Syria.
offprint: A reproduction of a single article from a journal or similar publication.
caffeine: An alkaloid, C₈H₁₀N₄O₂, found naturally in tea and coffee plants which acts as a mild stimulant on the central nervous system.
credenza: A sideboard or buffet.
credenza: A horizontal filing cabinet, typically placed behind a desk.
ghosting: The practice of hiding prisoners from inspection from (possibly hostile) outside inspectors.
ghosting: The blurry appearance of a television picture resulting from interference caused by multipath reception.
ghosting: Ghost imaging.
ghosting: A form of identity theft in which someone steals the identity, and sometimes even the role within society, of a specific dead person (the "ghost") who is not widely known to be deceased.
ghosting: A problem with a keyboard where certain simultaneous keypresses trigger the action of a further key that was not in fact pressed.
ghosting: A method of ending a personal relationship by stopping any contact with the other party and not providing an explanation.
ghosting: The phenomenon of the writing on one side of a page in a notebook being partly visible on the other side.
ghosting: letting out vape smoke slowly, to prevent people from noticing.
red card: A card displayed by the referee when a player is sent off for a serious infringement of the rules.
red card: Any official instructions to vacate an area.
dynamite: A class of explosives made from nitroglycerine in an absorbent medium such as kieselguhr, used in mining and blasting.
dynamite: A stick of trinitrotoluene (TNT).
dynamite: Anything exceptionally dangerous, exciting or wonderful.
dynamite: A strong drug, in particular heroin, cocaine or potent marijuana.
vircator: virtual cathode oscillator
oil well: A hole drilled into the earth from which petroleum is pumped.
precurse: A prediction, a prognostication.
send off: Alternative form of sendoff
send off: farewell party
send off: Alternative form of sendoff
send off: funeral or memorial service
send off: Alternative form of send-off
boondock: A brushy, rural area or location.
boondock: A shot that strikes a squopped wink and sends it flying far away.
buntline: A type of revolver with an exceptionally long barrel.
buntline: Any, except the outermost, of the ropes extending down to the deck with which a square sail is rolled up to the yard.
occupant: A person who occupies an office or a position.
occupant: A person who occupies a place.
occupant: A person who occupies a place.
occupant: A person sitting in a car or other vehicle.
occupant: The owner or tenant of a property.
pavilion: An ornate tent.
pavilion: A light roofed structure used as a shelter in a public place.
pavilion: A structure, sometimes temporary, erected to house exhibits at a fair, etc.
pavilion: The building where the players change clothes, wait to bat, and eat their meals.
pavilion: A detached or semi-detached building at a hospital or other building complex.
pavilion: The lower surface of a brilliant-cut gemstone, lying between the girdle and collet.
pavilion: The cartiliginous part of the outer ear; auricle.
pavilion: The fimbriated extremity of the Fallopian tube.
pavilion: A flag, ensign, or banner.
pavilion: A flag, ensign, or banner.
pavilion: A flag or ensign carried at the gaff of the mizzenmast.
pavilion: An ornate tent, used either as a charge or bearing, or surrounding a shield as or atop the mantling.
pavilion: A covering; a canopy; figuratively, the sky.
cakehole: The mouth.
claptrap: Empty verbiage or nonsense.
claptrap: A device for producing a clapping sound in theaters.
claptrap: A device or trick to gain applause; a humbug.
steerage: The art of steering.
steerage: The section of a passenger ship that provided inexpensive accommodation with no individual cabins.
steerage: The effect of the helm on a ship.
S.W.A.T.: Alternative form of SWAT
onlooker: A spectator; someone looks on or watches, without becoming involved or participating.
Irishman: A man from Ireland.
tear gas: Any lachrymatory, non-lethal chemical compound that causes the eyes to sting and water and/or irritates the respiratory system, mostly used for controlling crowds during riots or as self-defense.
drawdown: The act of reduction or depletion (including through withdrawal or utilization).
drawdown: The withdrawal of weapons, ammunition and other supplies from US stocks, and provision of it to another nation.
drawdown: The act of reduction or depletion (including through withdrawal or utilization).
drawdown: A lowering in water level, as in a well or a reservoir.
drawdown: The act of reduction or depletion (including through withdrawal or utilization).
drawdown: The result of reduction, utilization, or depletion.
drawdown: (A measure of) the decline from a historical peak in some economic or financial variable.
drawdown: The process of a bank releasing previously agreed loan amount to the borrower, hence making it available for them to use.
drawdown: The borrowing of funds from a financial institution, under the terms of a credit agreement.
open sea: That part of the sea out of sight of land.
open sea: A sea open to all nations, i.e. not a mare clausum.
intruder: Someone who intrudes.
gray hat: A morally ambiguous character; an antihero.
gray hat: In the computer security community, a skilled hacker who sometimes acts legally and in good will and sometimes not. They are a hybrid between "white hat" and "black hat" hackers. They hack for no personal gain, and do not have malicious intentions, but do commit crimes.
malparry: A parry that insufficiently removes the incoming blade from the target area.
lantzman: A fellow Jew who grew up in the same Eastern European shtetl as the speaker.
lantzman: A countryman, cohort or sympathizer.
lantzman: A man respected in the community for his wisdom or knowledge of Torah and Jewish teachings.
observer: One who makes observations, monitors or takes notice
observer: One who adheres or follows laws, guidelines, etc.
observer: A person sent as a representative, to a meeting or other function to monitor but not to participate
observer: A country or other entity which has limited participation rights within an organization.
observer: A crew member on an aircraft who makes observations of enemy positions or aircraft
observer: A sentry etc. manning an observation post
obituary: A brief notice of a person's death, especially one published in a newspaper or other publication; also (obsolete), the section of a newspaper where notices of deaths are published.
obituary: A brief biography of a person (especially one who is well-known) who has recently died, usually describing their life and achievements, particularly in the form of an article in a news publication or an item in a news broadcast.
obituary: An announcement or description of the end of something.
obituary: A register of deaths, especially one maintained by a religious institution; a necrology.
flatline: An unchanging state, as indicated in a graph of a variable over time.
flatline: Asystole; the absence of heart contractions or brain waves.
flatline: The disappearance of the rhythmic peaks displayed on a heart monitor.
flatline: Asystole; the absence of heart contractions or brain waves.
flatline: The disappearance of brain waves on an electroencephalogram.
flourish: A dramatic gesture such as the waving of a flag.
flourish: An ornamentation.
flourish: A ceremonious passage such as a fanfare.
flourish: A decorative embellishment on a building.
deathbed: The bed on which someone dies.
deathbed: The last hours before death.
acrimony: A sharp and bitter hatred.
optician: A person who makes or dispenses lenses, spectacles.
optician: A person who sells lenses, spectacles etc.
oikumene: The civilized world or inhabited world, referring to the location and time in the known world where human civilization exists.
operetta: A lighter version of opera with a frivolous story and spoken dialogue. [from c.]
operetta: A lighter version of opera with a frivolous story and spoken dialogue.
outboard: An outboard motor.
outboard: A vessel fitted with an outboard motor.
outboard: A studio having outboard gear (compressor, equalizer, etc.).
Caroline: Synonym of Carolean
lifebuoy: Alternative spelling of life buoy
demander: One who demands
assassin: A member of the Nizari Ismaili Muslim community of the Alamut Period.
assassin: Someone who intentionally kills a person, especially a professional who kills a public or political figure.
assassin: Any ruthless killer.
outlying: A region relatively remote from a central location.
macaroni: A type of pasta in the form of short tubes; sometimes loosely, pasta in general.
macaroni: A fop, a dandy; especially a young man in the 18th century who had travelled in Europe and who dressed and often spoke in an ostentatiously affected Continental manner.
macaroni: A macaroon.
asystole: Absence of systole; failure of the heart to contract.
papabile: A cardinal among those likely to be elected pope.
gaslight: A lamp which operates by burning piped illuminating gas (or town gas).
gaslight: The light produced by the burning gas in such a lamp.
outburst: a sudden, often violent expression of emotion or activity.
keenness: sharpness or cutting ability
keenness: astuteness or sagacity
keenness: eagerness or enthusiasm
serenity: The state of being serene; calmness; peacefulness.
serenity: A lack of agitation or disturbance.
serenity: A title given to a reigning prince or similar dignitary.
obstacle: Something that impedes, stands in the way of, or holds up progress, either physically or figuratively
oratorio: A musical composition, often based on a religious theme; similar to opera but with no costume, scenery or acting.
landline: A fixed telephone communications cable; originally, one run over land, as opposed to a submarine cable.
landline: A telephone connected by such a fixed wire, specifically not wireless/mobile.
landline: That which is connected by such a fixed wire (telephone, internet etc.).
flapping: An instance where one flaps.
flapping: A phonological process found in many dialects of English, especially American English and Canadian English, by which intervocalic /t/ and /d/ surface as the alveolar flap /ɾ/ before an unstressed syllable, so that words such as "metal" and "medal" are pronounced similarly or identically.
flapping: The situation where a resource, a network destination, etc., is advertised as being available and then unavailable (or available by different routes) in rapid succession.
flapping: The unlicensed racing of horses or greyhounds.
optimism: a tendency to expect the best, or at least, a favourable outcome
optimism: the doctrine that this world is the best of all possible worlds
optimism: the belief that good will eventually triumph over evil
romantic: A person with romantic character (a character like those of the knights in a mythic romance).
romantic: A person who is behaving romantically (in a manner befitting someone who feels an idealized form of love).
gridding: The adding of a grid of lines to a map etc.
gridding: The construction of a rectangular matrix of numbers from a set of scattered data points.
organist: A musician who plays the organ.
outskirt: A more remote part of a town or city; the periphery, environs; a suburb.
foul out: An instance of fouling out.
foul out: An instance of fouling out.
zeehorse: A zorse.
ZIP Code: Uncommon form of zip code.
knitwear: knitted garments
optional: Something that is not compulsory, especially part of an academic course.
optional: In various programming languages, a kind of variable that is assigned a specific data type but may or may not hold an actual value.
invasion: A military action consisting of armed forces of one geopolitical entity entering territory controlled by another such entity, generally with the objective of conquering territory or altering the established government.
invasion: The entry without consent of an individual or group into an area where they are not wanted.
invasion: The spread of cancer cells, bacteries and such to the organism.
invasion: The breaching of the skin barrier.
knotweed: Any of several plants of the genus Polygonum, with jointed stems and inconspicuous flowers
kinetics: The branch of mechanics concerned with motion of objects, as well as the reason i.e. the forces acting on such bodies. This, along with kinematics constitute dynamics, which is concerned purely with the effects of forces on moving bodies.
kinetics: The branch of chemistry that is concerned with the rates of chemical reactions.
gracioso: A court favourite.
gracioso: A clown or jester in early-modern Spanish comedy.
optimist: a person who expects a favourable outcome
optimist: a believer in optimism
informer: One who informs someone else about something.
informer: A person who tells authorities about improper or illegal activity.
informer: One who informs, animates, or inspires.
contents: That which is contained.
corundum: An extremely hard mineral, a form of aluminum oxide with the chemical formula Al₂O₃, that occurs in the form of the gemstones sapphire and ruby; it is used as an abrasive.
kilowatt: One thousand (10³) watts.
knitting: The action of the verb to knit; the process of producing knitted material.
knitting: Material that has been, or is being knitted.
knitting: overhead electrification wires, OHLE
butthead: An annoying person or someone who is difficult to get along with.
martello: Alternative form of Martello
contrast: A difference in lightness, brightness and/or hue between two colours that makes them more or less distinguishable.
contrast: The degree of this difference.
contrast: A difference in lightness, brightness and/or hue between two colours that makes them more or less distinguishable.
contrast: A control on a television, etc, that adjusts the amount of contrast in the images being displayed.
contrast: A difference between two objects, people or concepts.
contrast: Something that is opposite of or strikingly different from something else.
contrast: Antithesis.
Yugoslav: A native or inhabitant of Yugoslavia.
yearbook: A reference book, published annually.
yearbook: A publication compiled by the graduating class of a high school or college, recording the year's events and containing photographs of students and faculty.
yearbook: A school subject in which students learn journalistic skills by compiling a yearbook.
yielding: A concession.
cardigan: A type of sweater or jumper that fastens up the front with buttons or a zipper, usually machine- or hand-knitted from wool.
evil eye: A wicked look conveying dislike or envy that in many cultures is believed to be able to cause bad luck or injury; also, the ability to cause bad luck or injury through such a look, supposed to be possessed by some people.
evil eye: A look conveying disapproval, envy, hostility, etc.
kindness: The state of being kind.
kindness: An instance of kind or charitable behaviour.
transfix: A discontinuous affix, which occurs at more than one position in a word, typical of Semitic languages.
kilobyte: One thousand (10³, or 1,000) bytes.
kilobyte: a kibibyte.
ligament: A band of strong tissue that connects bones to other bones.
ligament: That which binds or acts as a ligament.
variorum: An edition of a written work (especially the complete works of a classical writer) showing the notes and readings of a variety of different editors or commentators.
anabolic: An anabolic steroid.
walkaway: An easy victory; a walkover.
heads up: Alternative spelling of heads-up
hand pay: The situation when a slot attendant or cage gives the player a cash payout, rather than the actual slot machine paying out from the printer with ticket voucher or coin hopper.
revolver: A handgun with a revolving chamber enabling several shots to be fired without reloading.
revolver: Any (personal) firearm with such a mechanism.
revolver: Synonym of revolving line of credit, a form of credit permitting the holder to repeatedly borrow money.
revolver: agent noun of revolve; something that revolves.
overture: An opening; a recess or chamber.
overture: Disclosure; discovery; revelation.
overture: A motion placed before a legislative body, such as the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
overture: A musical introduction to a piece of music, or a play.
trottoir: A paved path, for the use of pedestrians, located at the side of a road.
walkover: An easy victory; a walkaway.
walkover: A bye or victory awarded to a competitor when a scheduled opponent fails to play a game.
walkover: A horse race with only one entrant.
walkover: Someone easy to defeat.
walkover: Someone who does not stand up for themselves when mistreated; a doormat.
walkover: A backbend combined with a handstand.
walkover: A type of railroad passenger car seat, having reversible seat backs that can be moved across the seat to face either direction of travel
walkover: An ecological survey carried out by walking across and examining a piece of land.
buttfuck: An act of anal intercourse.
Catch-22: A difficult situation from which there is no escape because it involves mutually conflicting or dependent conditions.
restroom: A room containing a public toilet: a public lavatory.
phantasy: Dated form of fantasy.
phantasy: The innate, mental image of an object; the link between instinct and reality.
wariness: vigilance or the condition of being alert
wariness: precautionary forethought to avoid harm or risk
yearning: A wistful or melancholy longing.
yearning: rennet (an enzyme to curdle milk in order to make cheese).
ultraism: Radicalism or political extremism.
ultraism: A Spanish poetic movement opposed to modernism.
nutrient: A source of nourishment, such as food, that can be metabolized by an organism to give energy and build tissue.
setscrew: Alternative spelling of set screw
pawnshop: The business premises of a pawnbroker; where loans are made, with personal property as security
sheading: Any of the six administrative districts into which the Isle of Man is divided.
washable: Something that can be washed without being damaged.
profunda: A deep-seated artery, as of the arm, neck, or leg.
catfight: A fight between cats.
catfight: A fight or bickering, especially between women.
dandruff: scaly white dead skin flakes from the human scalp; Pityriasis capitis
takeover: The purchase of one company by another; a merger without the formation of a new company, especially where some stakeholders in the purchased company oppose the purchase.
takeover: The acquisition of a public company whose shares are listed on a stock exchange, in contrast to the acquisition of a private company.
takeover: A time or event in which control or authority, especially over a facility is passed from one party to the next.
casualty: Something that happens by chance, especially an unfortunate event; an accident, a disaster.
casualty: A person suffering from injuries or who has been killed due to an accident or through an act of violence.
casualty: Specifically, a person who has been killed (not only injured) due to an accident or through an act of violence; a fatality.
casualty: A person in military service who becomes unavailable for duty, for any reason (notably death, injury, illness, capture, or desertion).
casualty: The accident and emergency department of a hospital providing immediate treatment; a casualty department or emergency room.
casualty: An incidental charge or payment.
casualty: Someone or something adversely affected by a decision, event or situation.
casualty: Chance nature; randomness.
stickler: A referee or adjudicator at a fight, wrestling match, duel, etc. who ensures fair play.
stickler: Someone who insistently advocates for something, especially for strict observance of a formal rule.
syllabus: A summary of topics which will be covered during an academic course, or a text or lecture.
syllabus: The headnote of a reported case; the brief statement of the points of law determined prefixed to a reported case.
menarche: The onset of menstruation; a girl's first period.
composer: One who composes; an author.
composer: One who composes; an author.
composer: Especially, one who composes music.
composer: One who, or that which, quiets or calms.
prefrosh: A pre-freshman; a prospective student on a visit.
waveform: The shape of a wave function represented by a graph showing some dependent variable as function of an independent variable.
waveform: The shape of a physical wave, such as sound, electric current or electromagnetic radiation, or its representation obtained by plotting a characteristic of the phenomenon (such as voltage) versus another variable, often time.
cornetto: A trumpet-like wind instrument used in European music of the medieval, Renaissance, and Baroque periods.
cornetto: An Italian pastry, a kind of croissant.
deadhead: A person either admitted to a theatrical or musical performance without charge, or paid to attend.
deadhead: An employee of a transport company, especially a pilot or flight attendant, traveling as a passenger for logistical reasons, for example to return home or travel to the next assignment.
deadhead: Anyone traveling for free.
deadhead: A train or truck moved between cities with no passengers or freight, in order to make it available for service.
deadhead: A person staying at a lodging, such as a hotel or boarding house, without paying rent; freeloader.
deadhead: A stupid or boring person; dullard.
deadhead: A tree or tree branch fixed in the bottom of a river or other navigable body of water, partially submerged or rising nearly the surface, by which boats are sometimes pierced and sunk; snag.
deadhead: Driftwood.
deadhead: Alternative form of Deadhead (“fan of the rock band The Grateful Dead”)
deadhead: A zombie.
washroom: A room intended to wash the face and hands.
washroom: A room with a toilet, particularly a public toilet.
tramline: The rails that a tram runs on.
tramline: Either of the two pairs of sidelines marked on a tennis court which mark the outside of the singles and doubles playing areas.
tramline: A scratch on a film, usually vertical, that extends through multiple frames.
tramline: A mark or bruise having the shape of two parallel lines.
tramline: A pair of vertical bars (||) placed to the left of the headword in certain editions of the OED to indicate that the term is "alien or not fully naturalized" (such as a recent borrowing).
varietal: A wine made primarily from or exclusively from a single variety of grape, which carries the name of that grape.
varietal: A coffee made primarily from or exclusively from a single variety of coffee bean.
litigant: A party suing or being sued in a lawsuit, or otherwise calling upon the judicial process to determine the outcome of a suit.
glutelin: A minor protein (along with gluten and gliadin) in wheat.
waveband: A range of electromagnetic wavelengths or frequencies; for example shortwave or mediumwave radio.
waxworks: An exhibition of waxwork figures; a wax museum.
overturn: A turning over or upside-down; inversion.
overturn: The overturning or overthrow of some institution or state of affairs; ruin.
watchman: One set to watch; a person who keeps guard, especially one who guards a building, or the streets of a city, by night.
paroxysm: A random or sudden outburst (of activity).
paroxysm: An explosive event during a volcanic eruption.
paroxysm: A sudden recurrence of a disease, such as a seizure or a coughing fit.
pullover: A sweater that must be put on by pulling it over the head; a sweater without buttons or a zipper in front.
pullover: An exercise performed lying on the back in which the arms are extended behind the head and exertion lifts the weight above the head.
pullover: An exercise in which the gymnast pulls up from a hang lifting the legs up and over the bar thus rolling into a support position.
pullover: An instance of a vehicle being pulled over.
airborne: Military infantry intended to be transported by air and delivered to the battlefield by parachute or helicopter.
gangbang: An act of two or more people having sex with one person who is the focus of the sexual activity.
gangbang: Synonym of gang rape
gangbang: An act of a street gang committing crimes as a group, such as attacking random people on the streets.
borrower: One who borrows.
wayfarer: A traveller, especially one on foot.
wayfarer: A type of glasses, with pointed ends and rounded bottoms.
solecism: An erroneous or improper usage.
solecism: Error in the use of language.
solecism: A faux pas or breach of etiquette; a transgression against the norms of expected behavior.
farmhand: Synonym of farmworker
farmhand: A player in the minor leagues.
knock-on: A foul in which a player knocks the ball forward, often unintentionally
knock-on: Resulting as an indirect effect.
iodoform: A halogenated hydrocarbon, CHI₃; a yellow crystalline compound, formerly used as a mild antiseptic
Misesian: A person who substantially agrees with the economic analyses of Ludwig von Mises.
fly-half: A rugby player who is normally the first receiver of the ball from the scrum half after a scrum; a half-back.
binnacle: The wooden housing for a ship's compass, with its corrector magnets and illuminating arrangements. The log and other equipment for measuring the ship's speed are also stowed there.
binnacle: The instrument cluster on a car or motorcycle.
dystocia: A slow or difficult labour or delivery.
dystocia: 2006, Richard Aghababian, Essentials of Emergency Medicine, page 480
dystocia: Dystocia is defined as difficult delivery. Pelvic dystocia is due to aberrations of the pelvic architecture and its relationship to the presenting fetal part.&#32;[…]&#32;Fetal dystocia may be due to excessive fetal size from gestational diabetes or congenital anomalies.
dystocia: 2008, Dan Rice, The Complete Book of Dog Breeding, 2nd edition, page 96
dystocia: Although fetal dystocias are sometimes relieved by manipulation and instrumentation, cesarean sections are often the only practical methods of treatment.
dystocia: 2009, James A. O′Leary, Shoulder Dystocia and Birth Injury: Prevention and Treatment, page 102
dystocia: It is an appropriate way to allow resolution of the dystocia, after clearing the airway and checking for a nuchal cord.
dystocia: The prevailing thinking is that the time window in which to resolve a shoulder dystocia before asphyxial insult (not injury) is about 4 minutes.
susurrus: A whispering or rustling sound; a murmur.
hypernym: A superordinate word or phrase; a term whose referents form a set which includes as a subset the referents of a subordinate term—as, for example, insect being (a hypernym) for ant.
flag day: A day on which a registered charity raises money, usually by selling small lapel flags.
flag day: A day on which a registered charity raises money, usually by selling small stickers.
flag day: A day designated for changing to an incompatible system.
flag day: A change which is neither forward nor backward compatible.
cyanogen: The pseudohalogen (CN)₂; a colourless, poisonous gas used as a rocket propellant, an insecticide and in chemical warfare.
cyanogen: The radical -CN.
gurdwara: A Sikh place of worship.
cyanosis: A blue discolouration of the skin due to the circulation of blood low in oxygen.
aperient: A laxative, either in the form of a medicine or a food such as asparagus or hops, which has the effect of moving the bowels, or aiding digestion and preventing constipation.
tremblor: An earthquake.
unwanted: One who or that which is not wanted; an undesirable.
whoreson: Often used as a term of abuse: an illegitimate or misbegotten child born of unwed parents.
whoreson: The son of a whore.
impunity: Exemption from punishment.
impunity: Freedom from punishment or retribution; security from any reprisal or injurious consequences of an action, behaviour etc.
infrared: The electromagnetic radiation of a wavelength longer than visible light, but shorter than microwave radiation, having a wavelength between 700 nm and 1 mm.
infrared: A specific wavelength in this range.
infrared: A device that emits infrared radiation.
pet name: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pet, name.
pet name: A nickname, especially a name used by those in love with one another.
dead end: A street or path or tunnel that goes nowhere or is blocked on one end.
dead end: The inner end of a drift or tunnel.
dead end: A position that offers no hope of change or progress.
dead end: A split end in the hair.
tailspin: The rapid, uncontrollable descent of an aircraft in a steep spiral.
tailspin: A severe mental or emotional collapse; emotional breakdown.
tailspin: Any sharp, sustained, often uncontrollable descent or decline.
wholphin: The fertile hybrid produced by cross-breeding a bottlenose dolphin Tursiops truncatus (mother), and a false killer whale Pseudorca crassidens (father).
Welshman: A man who is a native or inhabitant of Wales.
wise guy: One who is insolent or flippant; one who makes jokes or perpetrates pranks.
wise guy: A knowledgeable or successful sports bettor.
wise guy: A member of the Mafia; a mobster.
wise guy: A hipster.
wise guy: An Italian-American man.
westerly: A westerly wind or storm, one blowing or coming from the west.
bustling: A bustle; a busy stir.
callsign: Alternative spelling of call sign
laxative: Any substance, such as a food or in the form of a medicine which has a laxative effect.
wiseacre: One who feigns knowledge or cleverness; one who is wisecracking; an insolent upstart.
wiseacre: A learned or wise man.
chevalet: A rack or rest used in woodwork or glassworking.
whirling: The action of the verb to whirl.
fantasia: A form of instrumental composition with a free structure and improvisational characteristics; specifically, one combining a number of well-known musical pieces.
fantasia: Any work which is unstructured or comprises other works of different genres or styles.
fantasia: A traditional festival of the inhabitants of the Maghreb (in northwest Africa) featuring exhibitions of horsemanship.
backhand: a stroke made across the chest from the off-hand side to the racquet hand side; a stroke during which the back of the hand faces the shot.
backhand: Handwriting that leans to the left
backhand: the standard throw; a throw during which the disc begins on the off-hand side and travels across the chest to be released from the opposite side.
backhand: The reverse side of the human hand.
backhand: the hand towards the back of the board.
whipping: The punishment of being whipped.
whipping: A heavy defeat; a thrashing.
whipping: A cooking technique in which air is incorporated into cream to produce whipped cream.
whipping: A cord or thread used to lash or bind something.
whipping: The lashing of the end of a rope.
whipping: The sewing of the edges of single leaves in sections by overcasting the thread.
periderm: The outer layer of plant tissue comprising the phellem, phellogen and the phelloderm.
periderm: The perisarc; the hard outer layer of hydroids and other marine animals.
splendor: Great light, luster or brilliance.
splendor: Magnificent appearance, display or grandeur.
splendor: Great fame or glory.
wideness: The state or quality of being wide.
wideness: Large extent or expanse; breadth, broadness.
dipstick: A stick or rod used to measure the depth of a liquid. Often used to check the level at which a liquid in an opaque or inaccessible tank or reservoir stands; gauge.
dipstick: The penis.
dipstick: A useless person of inferior intellect; a dipshit.
what for: An unspecified punishment or rebuke
antilipo: A text in which all words share a common character; the inverse of a lipogram.
woodland: Land covered with woody vegetation.
utiliser: One who utilises.
pointing: The action of the verb to point.
pointing: The filling of joints in brickwork or masonry with mortar.
pointing: Mortar that has been placed between bricks to fill the gap.
pointing: The act or art of punctuating; punctuation.
pointing: The rubbing off of the point of the wheat grain in the first process of high milling.
pointing: The act or process of measuring, at the various distances from the surface of a block of marble, the surface of a future piece of statuary; also, a process used in cutting the statue from the artist's model.
hoosegow: A jail.
wiliness: deceitful cleverness or shrewdness
pink 'un: A newspaper supplement or edition concerning sport, especially football, printed on pink newsprint.
lipogram: A word or writing that does not use a particular symbol or symbols.
windpump: A structure somewhat like a windmill for pumping water, either for drainage or for irrigation
whiplash: The lash of a whip.
whiplash: An injury to the upper spine connected to a violent jerk of the head in either a backward or forward or side to side direction, resembling the motion of a whip.
whiplash: An abrupt and unexpected change, or the resulting feeling of shock.
founding: The establishment of something.
bell-end: The glans penis.
bell-end: A stupid or contemptible person.
remedial: A pupil enrolled in special classes to improve deficient skills.
timeline: A graphical representation of a chronological sequence of events (past or future); a chronology.
timeline: A schedule of activities; a timetable.
timeline: An individual universe or reality, especially a parallel/alternate one in which events differ from actual history, or differ from the established canon of a fictional world.
pacifier: Someone or something that pacifies.
pacifier: A rubber or plastic device imitating a nipple that goes into a baby’s mouth, used to calm and quiet the baby.
headrest: The part of a seat designed to support the sitter's head.
giveaway: Something that is given away or handed out for free.
giveaway: An event at which things are given away for free.
giveaway: The act of giving something away for free.
giveaway: An indicator that makes something obvious or apparent.
wildfire: A rapidly spreading fire, especially one occurring in a wildland area.
wildfire: Greek fire, Byzantine fire.
wildfire: A spreading disease of the skin, particularly erysipelas.
wildfire: Something that acts or spreads quickly and uncontrollably.
toponymy: Lexicological study of place names; a branch of onomastics.
toponymy: The nomenclature of anatomical regions.
Wolf Cub: A Cub Scout.
tube top: A one-piece strapless tube-shaped top worn by women, leaving shoulders and belly-button exposed.
wing nut: A nut with wing-like projections to provide leverage in turning with thumb and forefinger.
wing nut: One who advocates extreme measures or changes, especially if they hold or are perceived to hold far-right viewpoints; a radical or reactionary.
wing nut: Someone with large, protruding ears.
wineskin: A bag, traditionally made from the skin of a goat (a goatskin), used for holding and dispensing wine.
catching: The action of the verb catch.
woodsman: A man who lives and works in woodland; a forester or woodman.
woodsman: Designating a group of sports related to forestry culture, including axe throwing, wood splitting, wood chopping, axe cutting, chainsaw cutting, pulpwood tossing, log rolling and decking, pole climbing, and fire building.
wingspan: The distance from the left wingtip to the right wingtip (of a bird, airplane etc.).
wingspan: One's arm span. See also fathom
cruising: Sailing about without an exact destination, usually for pleasure.
cruising: Driving around without an exact destination as a social activity
cruising: Walking or driving about a locality in search of a casual sex partner, especially among gay males.
cruising: Reducing the dosage of PEDs instead of cycling them off.
whopping: A beating.
likeness: The state or quality of being like or alike
likeness: Appearance or form; guise.
likeness: That which closely resembles; a portrait.
apothegm: A short, witty, instructive saying; an aphorism or maxim.
activist: One who is politically active in the role of a citizen; especially, one who campaigns for change.
activist: One who is conspicuously active in carrying out any occupational or professional functions.
shambles: A scene of great disorder or ruin.
shambles: A great mess or clutter.
shambles: A scene of bloodshed, carnage or devastation.
shambles: A slaughterhouse.
shambles: A butcher's shop.
heritage: An inheritance; property that may be inherited.
heritage: A tradition; a practice or set of values that is passed down from preceding generations through families or through institutional memory.
heritage: A birthright; the status acquired by birth, especially of but not exclusive to the firstborn.
heritage: Having a certain background, such as growing up with a second language.
memorial: Memory; recollection.
memorial: Something, such as a monument, by which someone or something is remembered.
memorial: A chronicle or memoir.
memorial: A note or memorandum.
memorial: A service of remembrance or commemoration.
memorial: A statement of facts set out in the form of a petition to a person in authority, a court or tribunal, a government, etc.
sighting: The act of catching sight of something, especially something searched for.
spouting: The process or result of something being spouted; that which is spouted.
spouting: A gutter under the eaves of a building; guttering.
grammage: The mass per area of paper measured in grams per square meter (g/m²).
grammage: The integral of matter density along the path (of a cosmic ray).
boltrope: Alternative spelling of bolt rope
sheepdog: A breed of dog, used for herding sheep.
sheepdog: A breed of dog used for guarding sheep.
sheepdog: A chaperon; an adult who accompanies other people in a supervisory role.
sheepdog: A police officer.
egestion: The act or result of egesting
freehold: Freehold tenure.
freehold: Real property held by a tenure of this type.
sidestep: A step to the side.
sidestep: A physical motion or metaphorical act to avoid or dodge something.
beancurd: Alternative spelling of bean curd
patience: The quality of being patient.
patience: Any of various card games that can be played by one person. Called solitaire in the US and Canada.
regulome: The whole set of regulation components in a cell, tissue, organ, organism, and species, usually used in the context of a signal transduction.
spadroon: A single-handed, lightweight sword.
spadroon: A long heavy sword for both hands; a spadone.
Franklin: A one-hundred-dollar bill, which carries the portrait of Benjamin Franklin.
Franklin: A Franklin half dollar.
idiolect: The language variant used by a specific individual.
wise man: A man who is wise.
wise man: A man who is a sage or seer.
wise man: A magus or wizard, now especially one of the three biblical magi.
bowsprit: A spar projecting over the prow of a sailing vessel to provide the means of adding sail surface.
nocturne: A work of art relating or dedicated to the night.
nocturne: A dreamlike or pensive composition, usually for the piano.
geodesic: The shortest curve between two points on a specific surface.
geodesic: A segment of a great circle.
geodesic: A course allowing the parallel-transport of vectors along a course that causes tangent vectors to remain tangent vectors throughout that course (a straight curve, a line that is straight).
workroom: A room, such as a workshop or studio, where work is done.
wrangler: Someone who wrangles or corrals.
wrangler: A brawler or disputant.
wrangler: A cowboy who takes care of saddle horses.
wrangler: A cowboy who takes care of tourists.
wrangler: An animal handler or trainer.
wrangler: A student who has completed the third year of the mathematical tripos with first-class honours.
wrangler: A special education teacher.
windmill: A machine which translates linear motion of wind to rotational motion by means of adjustable vanes called sails.
windmill: The structure containing such machinery.
windmill: A child's toy consisting of vanes mounted on a stick that rotate when blown by a person or by the wind.
windmill: A dunk where the dunker swings his arm in a circular motion before throwing the ball through the hoop.
windmill: A pitch where the pitcher swings his arm in a circular motion before throwing the ball.
windmill: A guitar move where the strumming hand mimics a turning windmill.
windmill: A breakdancing move in which the dancer rolls his/her torso continuously in a circular path on the floor, across the upper chest, shoulders and back, while twirling the legs in a V shape in the air.
windmill: Any of various muscle exercises in which a large deal of the body makes a great circle, typically one where a kettlebell is raised overhead and the torso is rotated to the other side with the hand reaching its foot (hitting the core, glutes, hamstrings, trapezius, rhomboids, deltoids and rotator cuffs) but sometimes even a windshield wiper.
windmill: Any of various large papilionid butterflies of the genus Byasa, the wings of which resemble the vanes of a windmill.
windmill: The false shower.
windmill: An imaginary enemy, but presented as real.
somewhat: More or less; a certain quantity or degree; a part, more or less; something.
somewhat: A person or thing of importance; a somebody.
boarding: The act of people getting aboard a ship aircraft, train, bus, etc.; embarkation.
boarding: The act of a sailor or boarding party attacking an enemy ship by boarding it.
boarding: A structure made of boards.
boarding: The riding of a skateboard.
boarding: A penalty called for pushing into the boards.
wrapping: The material in which something is wrapped.
synonyme: Archaic form of synonym.
wreckage: Something wrecked, especially the remains or debris of something which has been severely damaged or destroyed.
dwelling: A house or place in which a person lives; a habitation, a home.
regional: An entity or event with scope limited to a single region.
colonial: A person from a country that is or was controlled by another.
colonial: A house that is built in a style reminiscent of the period of the colonization of New England.
xenogamy: The transfer of pollen from the anthers of one plant to the stigma of another; cross-pollination.
xenogamy: Cross-cultural marriage.
facility: The fact of being easy, or easily done; absence of difficulty; simplicity.
facility: Dexterity of speech or action; skill, talent.
facility: The physical means or contrivances to make something (especially a public service) possible; the required equipment, infrastructure, location etc.
facility: An institution specially designed for a specific purpose, such as incarceration, military use, or scientific experimentation.
facility: Clipping of credit facility.
facility: A toilet.
facility: A condition of mental weakness less than idiocy, but enough to make a person easily persuaded to do something against their better interest.
facility: Affability.
wrestler: A person who wrestles.
whitefly: Any of various small insects of the family Aleyrodidae that have long wings, and a white body; often a garden pest
mudslide: A geological event in which viscous mud flows down an incline.
mudslide: A mixed drink consisting of vodka, Kahlúa and Baileys.
gravitas: Seriousness in bearing or manner; dignity.
gravitas: Substance, weight.
exigency: The demands or requirements of a situation.
exigency: An urgent situation, one requiring extreme effort or attention.
heraldry: The profession or art of devising, granting and blazoning coats of arms, tracing genealogies and ruling on questions of protocol or rank.
heraldry: An armorial ensign along with its history and description.
heraldry: Pageantry.
gourmand: A person given to excess in the consumption of food and drink; a greedy or ravenous eater.
gourmand: A person who appreciates good food.
chordate: A member of the phylum Chordata; numerous animals having a notochord at some stage of their development; in vertebrates this develops into the spine.
dead air: An unintended interruption in a broadcast during which nothing is transmitted: a silent period on radio or a silent period with no picture on television.
dead air: A quiet or awkward moment in a conversation where neither speaker is talking.
Vaseline: Alternative letter-case form of vaseline
vastness: The quality of being vast.
vastness: Something vast.
vaulting: The practice of constructing vaults, or a particular method of such construction.
vaulting: A vaulted structure; such structures treated as a group.
vaulting: The sport of gymnastics and dance routines performed on horseback, and on the longe line.
would-be: One who aspires to something.
would-be: One's fiancé or fiancée.
greenery: Green foliage or verdure.
greenery: Foliage used as decoration.
greenery: Marijuana.
vestment: A robe, gown, or other article of clothing worn as an indication of office.
vestment: Any of the special articles of clothing worn by members of the clergy etc., especially a garment worn at the celebration of the Eucharist.
vestment: Clothing.
vestment: An article of clothing, especially an outer garment.
vicarage: The residence of a vicar.
vicarage: The benefice, duties or office of a vicar.
bunfight: Alternative form of bun fight
aptitude: Natural ability to acquire knowledge or skill.
aptitude: The condition of being suitable.
shingles: Herpes zoster, caused by Human herpes virus 3, in genus Varicellovirus.
cauldron: A large bowl-shaped pot used for boiling over an open flame.
cauldron: A strategic encirclement.
bleeding: The flow or loss of blood from a damaged blood vessel.
bleeding: Bloodletting.
bleeding: Sapping; depletion; draining; weakening.
workload: The amount of work assigned to a particular worker, normally in a specified time period
workload: The amount of work that a machine can handle or produce
variance: The act of varying or the state of being variable.
variance: A difference between what is expected and what is observed; deviation.
variance: The state of differing or being in conflict.
variance: An official permit to do something that is ordinarily forbidden by regulations.
variance: A discrepancy between two legal documents.
variance: A departure from a cause of action originally in a complaint.
variance: The second central moment in probability.
variance: The number of degrees of freedom in a system.
variance: Covariance and contravariance generally.
libretto: The text of a dramatic musical work, such as an opera.
libretto: A book containing such a text.
thorough: A furrow between two ridges, to drain off the surface water.
windlass: Any of various forms of winch, in which a rope or cable is wound around a cylinder, used for lifting heavy weights
windlass: A winding and circuitous way; a roundabout course.
windlass: An apparatus resembling a winch or windlass, for bending the bow of an arblast, or crossbow.
vespillo: One who carried out the dead bodies of the poor at night for burial.
telegram: A message transmitted by telegraph.
annalist: A writer of annals; a chronicler; a historian.
actuator: Something that actuates something else.
actuator: A usually electric device that causes a mechanical device (i.e., a mechanism) to be switched on or off. For example; an electric motor that opens and closes a valve.
actuator: The mechanism that moves the head assembly on a disk drive.
actuator: A relay that controls the flow of electricity.
beer mat: A small square cardboard mat, often with an advertisement for a brewery on it, that is used to rest one's glass on, and to protect the surface of a table or a bar in a pub.
virility: The state of being virile.
virility: Manly character, quality, or nature.
virility: The ability of a man to procreate.
déjeuner: The French midday meal.
tutelary: A deity or spirit serving as a guardian or protector of a place, person, culture, etc.; a tutelar, a tutelary deity.
villainy: Evil or wicked character or behaviour.
villainy: A wicked or treacherous act.
villainy: Ill-treatment, indignity, degrading or shameful treatment of someone.
villainy: Disgrace, ignominy.
villainy: The state of being a villein or serf, and by extension servitude or low estate in life.
villainy: Boorishness, rudeness, bad cultivation or manners.
farthing: Former British unit of currency worth one-quarter of an old penny; or a coin representing this.
farthing: A very small quantity or value; the least possible amount.
farthing: A division of land.
doubtful: A doubtful person or thing.
amoureux: A lover; a romantic partner.
umbellet: a secondary umbel in a compound umbel such as the carrot; an umbellule
stannary: A tin mine or tinworks.
petition: A formal, written request made to an official person or organized body, often containing many signatures.
petition: A compilation of signatures built in order to exert moral authority in support of a specific cause.
petition: A formal written request for judicial action.
petition: A prayer; a supplication; an entreaty.
vendetta: Revenge.
vendetta: A bitter, destructive feud, normally between two families, clans, or factions, in which each injury or slaying is revenged: a blood feud.
vendetta: A motivational grudge against a person or faction, which may or may not be reciprocated; the state of having it in for someone.
airforce: Alternative spelling of air force
apodosis: The consequential clause in a conditional sentence.
viscount: A member of the peerage, above a baron but below a count or earl.
viscount: Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Tanaecia. Other butterflies in this genus are called earls and counts.
chavette: A female chav.
freaking: A streak or variegation in a pattern.
assignee: One to whom a thing is assigned.
assignee: One to whom a right or property is being transferred.
assignee: One who is appointed to act or speak in place of another; an agent.
vicinity: proximity; the state of being near.
vicinity: neighbourhood; nearby region; surrounding area.
vicinity: approximate size or amount.
barrulet: The smallest diminutive of the bar, one quarter as wide.
vitality: The capacity to live and develop.
vitality: Energy or vigour.
vitality: That which distinguishes living from nonliving things; life, animateness.
username: A person's identification on an individual computer system.
paragoge: The addition of a sound, syllable or letter to the end of a word, either through natural development or as a grammatical function.
vitreous: The vitreous humor.
spud gun: A toy gun that fires a plug of potato by compressing the air in the barrel, forcing the potato projectile out at speed.
spud gun: A larger version of the same, powered by compressed air, butane or other propellant, which fires a complete potato.
cake mix: A powdered mixture of the dry ingredients used to produce a cake or the finished mixture before baking.
sanctity: Holiness of life or disposition; saintliness
sanctity: The condition of being considered sacred; inviolability
sanctity: Something considered sacred.
zwieback: A usually sweetened bread enriched with eggs that is baked and then sliced and toasted until dry and crisp; considered easy to digest and therefore given to the ill and used as a teething food for toddlers.
spinster: A woman who has never been married, especially one past the typical marrying age according to social traditions.
spinster: One who spins (puts a spin on) a political media story so as to give something a favorable or advantageous appearance; a spin doctor, spin merchant or spinmeister.
spinster: Someone whose occupation was spinning thread.
spinster: A woman of evil life and character; so called from being forced to spin in a house of correction.
spinster: A spider; an insect (such as a silkworm) which spins thread.
ugliness: The condition of being ugly.
ugliness: An unsightly or frightful object.
ugliness: Unpleasant behaviour.
hæmatite: Alternative spelling of hematite
larboard: The left side of a ship, looking from the stern forward to the bow; port side.
volition: A conscious choice or decision.
volition: The mental power or ability of choosing; the will.
volition: A concept that distinguishes whether or not the subject or agent intended something.
playback: The replaying of something previously recorded, especially sound or moving images.
Akkadian: A Semitic inhabitant of the region of Mesopotamia near the city of Akkad.
basileus: A title of the Byzantine emperor.
transman: Alternative spelling of trans man
beanpole: A thin pole for supporting bean vines.
beanpole: A tall, thin person.
marquess: A title of nobility for a man ranking beneath a duke and above an earl.
marquess: A marchioness.
dead-end: A road with no exit.
dead-end: A position that offers no hope of progress.
proposal: Something which is proposed, or offered for consideration or acceptance
proposal: A scheme or design
proposal: Something which is proposed, or offered for consideration or acceptance
proposal: The terms or conditions proposed
proposal: Something which is proposed, or offered for consideration or acceptance
proposal: The document on which such a thing is written.
proposal: Something which is proposed, or offered for consideration or acceptance
proposal: The act of asking someone to be one's spouse; an offer of marriage
proposal: Something which is proposed, or offered for consideration or acceptance
proposal: The offer by a party of what he has in view as to an intended business transaction, which, with acceptance, constitutes a contract.
resonant: A sonorant vowel or consonant.
sea-gull: Alternative form of seagull
gollywog: Alternative form of golliwog
zopilote: A New World vulture of the family Cathartidae, especially the black vulture (Coragyps atratus).
dog food: Food eaten by or appropriate for dogs in general, whether wild or domesticated.
dog food: Food for domesticated dogs.
dog food: Beta software that is tested on the developer’s own computer.
dog food: Synonym of dog meat (“dead person”)
dog food: Heroin, typically the non-black tar type.
zorrillo: Alternative form of zorillo (“striped skunk”)
victrola: Any upright or console model phonograph from the early 1900s, usually with a wooden cabinet body and an interior horn for the projection of sound, that plays 78 rpm records using a steel needle.
goodness: The state or characteristic of being good.
goodness: The good, nutritional, healthy part or content of something.
goodness: God.
goodness: The moral qualities which constitute Christian excellence; moral virtue.
fullback: An offensive back whose primary jobs are to block in advance of the halfback on running plays and for the quarterback on passing plays.
fullback: A position behind the main line of backs in both rugby union and rugby league. In rugby union, they wear number 15 jersey at the start of play and are the last line of defence responsible for catching punts.
fullback: A defensive player who assists the goalie in preventing the opposing team from scoring.
fullback: A player who plays on the left or right side of defence.
banister: The handrail on the side of a staircase.
banister: One of the vertical supports of a handrail; a baluster.
hand-off: A pass made in a backward direction.
hand-off: The transfer of the radar identification of an aircraft from one controller to another when the aircraft enters the receiving controller's airspace and radio communications with the aircraft are transferred.
hand-off: The passing of a completed project to another person or group.
hand-off: The act of pushing an opponent away with an open hand.
hand-off: The transfer of control to another subsystem.
tabulate: A pill, a tablet.
tabulate: A member of the order Tabulata.
diæresis: Archaic spelling of diaeresis.
inedible: Anything inedible; that which is not a foodstuff.
blowback: A type of action where the pressure from the fired cartridge blows a sliding mechanism backward to extract the fired cartridge, chamber another cartridge, and cock the hammer.
blowback: An unintended adverse result, especially of covert political action.
blowback: The act of shotgunning (inhaling from a pipe etc. and exhaling into another smoker's mouth).
blowback: On a steam locomotive, the reversal of exhaust gases when the regulator is closed without using the blower.
blowback: Synonym of backscatter.
commerce: The exchange or buying and selling of commodities; especially the exchange of merchandise, on a large scale, between different places or communities; extended trade or traffic.
commerce: Social intercourse; the dealings of one person or class in society with another; familiarity.
commerce: Sexual intercourse.
commerce: An 18th-century French card game in which the cards are subject to exchange, barter, or trade.
syllabic: A syllabic sound.
gardyloo: A cry of "gardyloo".
gardyloo: An act of discarding waste or some other substance from a height. Also attributive and figurative.
gardyloo: Caution, warning.
paramour: An illicit lover, either male or female.
paramour: The Virgin Mary or Jesus Christ (when addressed by a person of the opposite sex).
benedict: A newly married man, especially one who was previously a confirmed bachelor.
overdose: An excessive and dangerous dose of a drug.
polyzoon: A bryozoan.
polyzoic: A spore that produces many sporozoites.
polyzoan: A bryozoan.
bulkhead: A vertical partition dividing the hull into separate compartments; often made watertight to prevent excessive flooding if the ship's hull is breached.
bulkhead: A similar partition in an aircraft or spacecraft.
bulkhead: A partition or panel through which connectors pass, or a connector designed to pass through a partition.
bulkhead: A pressure-resistant sealed barrier to any fluid in a large structure.
bulkhead: A retaining wall along a waterfront.
Yemenite: a native or inhabitant of Yemen
chaplain: A member of a religious body who is (often, although not always, of the clergy) officially assigned to provide pastoral care at an institution, group, private chapel, etc.
chaplain: A person without religious affiliation who carries out similar duties in a secular context.
silphium: A plant, thought to be extinct, used in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome in cooking and as a contraceptive.
fastener: Something or someone that fastens.
fastener: Mechanically, any device that fastens; especially, a collective term for items such as screws, nuts, washers, clasps, bolts and the like.
splicing: The act by which things are spliced.
splicing: The point at which two things are spliced.
bangtail: The tail of a horse or cow, allowed to grow out and then trimmed horizontally so as to form a tassel; a horse or cow having such a tail.
bangtail: A racehorse.
bangtail: A prostitute.
bangtail: An envelope with a perforated flap on which promotional material is printed; the flap on such an envelope.
ubiquity: The state or quality of being, or appearing to be, everywhere at once; actual or perceived omnipresence.
ubiquity: Anything that is ubiquitous within a specified area.
bryozoon: A polyzoon; a tiny animal that forms compound colonies.
ego trip: An act of self-aggrandizement, undertaken to increase one's own power and influence or to draw attention to one's own importance.
gloaming: Twilight, as at early morning (dawn) or (especially) early evening; dusk.
gloaming: Sullenness; melancholy.
parental: A person fulfilling a parental role.
underway: A road, track, path, or street for going under another way or obstacle; an underpass.
underway: An underground passage, subway, tunnel.
underway: A voyage, especially underwater.
underage: A deficit or shortfall in funds, inventory, or capacity.
ambience: Alternative spelling of ambiance
despatch: Alternative form of dispatch
bryozoan: A member of the phylum Bryozoa of aquatic, usually colonial invertebrates.
graduand: A student who has completed the requirements for, but has not yet been awarded, a particular degree.
mothball: A small ball of chemical pesticide (typically naphthalene) and deodorant placed in or around clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae in order to protect them from this damage.
quadriad: A grouping of four things.
quadriad: A government committee of four economic experts.
Urartian: An inhabitant of Urartu.
big time: The highest, or most prestigious level in any field, especially in entertainment.
upheaval: Disruptive change, from one state to another.
upheaval: The process of being heaved upward, especially the raising of part of the earth's crust.
upheaval: A sudden violent upset, disruption or convulsion.
firewood: Wood intended to be burned, typically for heat.
ambiance: A particular mood or atmosphere of an environment or surrounding influence.
ambiance: A secondary color of a polygon that becomes more pronounced with shading.
bacillus: Any of various rod-shaped, spore-forming aerobic bacteria in the genus Bacillus, some of which cause disease.
bacillus: Any bacilliform (rod-shaped) bacterium.
bacillus: Something which spreads like bacterial infection.
benjamin: A balsamic resin from the bark of Styrax trees used in perfumes, incense, and medicine; benzoin resin.
benjamin: A type of tree which produces benzoin or has similar properties; specifically, Styrax benzoin, Lindera benzoin a Benjamin bush.
benjamin: A kind of upper coat for men.
benjamin: Alternative form of Benjamin: a US $100 bill.
kinkajou: Potos flavus, a carnivorous mammal of Central America and South America with a long, prehensile tail, related to the raccoon.
undercut: A cut made in the lower part of something; the material so removed.
undercut: The notch cut in a tree to direct its fall when being felled.
undercut: The underside of a sirloin of beef; the fillet.
undercut: A hairstyle that is shaved or clipped short on the sides and kept long on the top.
undercut: A blow dealt upward.
undercut: A section of a mold or pattern with negative draft angle
undercut: A pit stop strategy in which a driver seeks to gain an advantage over someone by pitting before them and using fresh tyres to make up time.
carcajou: Synonym of wolverine (a solitary, fierce member of the weasel family)
overview: A brief summary, as of a book or a presentation.
overview: An inspection.
contrite: A contrite person; a penitent.
leadfoot: One who drives quickly or without subtlety, one who often engages in and/or is fond of slamming and flooring the accelerator often.
leadfoot: A driver who does not compensate the throttle position of the vehicle for road conditions or terrain, invariably slowing down while going uphill and speeding up while going downhill.
broccoli: A plant, Brassica oleracea var. italica, of the cabbage family, Brassicaceae; especially, the tree-shaped flower and stalk that are eaten as a vegetable.
broccoli: Marijuana.
tightwad: One who is stingy; someone overly cautious or defensive with money.
pensione: An Italian boarding house.
Hamilton: A United States ten-dollar bill.
kehillah: A type of Jewish community in eastern Europe.
kehillah: Any Jewish community; especially, a secular Jewish communal organization, or the secular dimension of a religious one.
terminus: The end or final point of something.
terminus: The end point of a transportation system, or the town or city in which it is located.
terminus: A boundary or border, or a post or stone marking such a boundary.
lancegay: A type of lance.
fan mail: Mail sent to a public figure by his or her fans.
frotteur: One who commits an act of frotteurism.
baseness: The quality or condition of being base.
baseness: The quality of being unworthy to hold virtues or value.
renminbi: The official currency of the People's Republic of China.
mandible: The jaw or a jawbone, especially the lower jawbone in mammals and fishes.
mandible: Either of the upper and lower segments of a bird's beak.
mandible: Any of various invertebrate mouthparts serving to hold or bite food materials.
mandible: Any of various invertebrate mouthparts serving to hold or bite food materials.
mandible: One of the anterior pair of mouthparts of an arthropod, designed for holding and cutting food.
pathogen: Any organism or substance, especially a microorganism, capable of causing disease, such as bacteria, viruses, protozoa or fungi. Microorganisms are not considered to be pathogenic until they have reached a population size that is large enough to cause disease.
peekaboo: A game for a small child in which one covers one's face, then suddenly reveals it, saying "Boo!" or "Peekaboo!".
kickback: A backward kick; a retrograde movement of an extremity.
kickback: A covert, often illegal, payment in return for a favor consisting of providing an opportunity of chargeable transaction; a kind of bribe.
kickback: Recoil; a sudden backward motion, usually in the direction of the operator.
kickback: An accident where an object being cut by a rotating blade or disk, such as a circular saw, is caught by the blade and thrown outward.
kickback: An accident wherein the upper tip of the bar of a running chainsaw contacts a relatively immovable object, forcing the bar upwards and pressing the running chain more firmly against the object, causing the saw to be hurled upwards and backwards into the operator's face.
kickback: A dangerous buildup of gas pressure at the wellhead.
kickback: The board separating one bowling lane from another at the pit end.
kickback: In contract bridge, an ace asking convention initiated by the first step above four of the agreed trump suit.
kickback: A feature that saves the ball from draining and propels it back into play.
kickback: A relaxed party.
Freudian: A follower of Freud or his methods.
bok choy: Chinese cabbage, Brassica rapa subsp. chinensis, an East Asian leafy vegetable related to the Western cabbage.
eruption: A violent ejection, such as the spurting out of lava from a volcano.
eruption: A sudden release of pressure or tension.
eruption: An infection of the skin resulting in a rash or blemishing.
monokini: The lower part of a bikini without the upper part (i.e., topless).
monokini: A one-piece swimsuit, which may cover both the chest and the crotch (as contrasted with a bikini, which consists of two pieces).
big shot: A person with a reputation of importance or power.
big shot: A rare and significant chance to achieve fame or success.
big shot: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see big, shot.
bonhomie: A friendly, good-natured, pleasant manner; an affable and approachable disposition; friendliness.
bonhomie: An atmosphere of friendliness and good cheer.
bonhomie: A cheerful remark.
ethylene: The common name for the organic chemical compound ethene. The simplest alkene, a colorless gaseous (at room temperature and pressure) hydrocarbon with the chemical formula C₂H₄.
ethylene: The divalent radical derived from ethane.
all-star: A member of a team of star players.
all-star: An outstanding achiever; an individual considered to be among the best in their field.
coercion: Actual or threatened force for the purpose of compelling action by another person; the act of coercing.
coercion: Use of physical or moral force to compel a person to do something, or to abstain from doing something, thereby depriving that person of the exercise of free will.
coercion: A specific instance of coercing.
coercion: Conversion of a value of one data type to a value of another data type.
coercion: The process by which the meaning of a word or other linguistic element is reinterpreted to match the grammatical context.
sunshine: The direct rays, light or warmth of the sun.
sunshine: A location on which the sun's rays fall.
sunshine: Geniality or cheerfulness.
sunshine: A source of cheerfulness or joy.
sunshine: The effect which the sun has when it lights and warms some place.
sunshine: Friendly form of address often reserved for juniors.
sunshine: Ironic form of address used to an inferior or troublemaker.
sunshine: Used to address someone who has just woken up and/or is very sleepy.
sunshine: Ellipsis of orange sunshine.
doghouse: Any small house or structure or enclosure used to house a dog.
doghouse: A structure of small size, similar to a doghouse, but offering useful shelter for a human.
doghouse: Mechanically, an equipment cover with an opening, with a shape resembling a doghouse.
doghouse: A difficult or demoralizing situation.
doghouse: A traffic signal with five sections: two on the bottom, two in the middle, and one on top.
doghouse: Any shabby or disreputable establishment.
furuncle: A boil or infected, inflamed, pus-filled sore.
peaceful: a Muslim; especially a violent member of a radical Islamist group.
superego: The part of the mind that acts as a self-critical conscience, reflecting social standards that have been learnt.
urethane: A white crystalline organic compound, ethyl-carbamate, NH₂COOC₂H₅, used in the synthesis of other organic compounds.
urethane: Any compound of having this general structure.
urethane: Polyurethane.
marginal: Something or somebody that is marginal.
marginal: A constituency won with a small margin.
sexiness: The state or quality of being sexy, of possessing the traits of sexual appeal.
libation: The act of pouring a liquid, most often wine, in sacrifice on the ground, on a ritual object, or on a victim, in honor of some deity.
libation: The wine or liquid thus poured out.
libation: A beverage, especially an alcoholic one.
precious: Someone (or something) who is loved; a darling.
ballpark: A field, stadium or park where ball, especially baseball, is played.
ballpark: The general vicinity; somewhere close; a broad approximation.
urophile: One with a sexual dependency on the smell and/or taste of urine or the sight and sound of someone urinating.
bastarda: A type of simplified Gothic script used primarily in continental Europe during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries.
erythema: Abnormal redness and inflammation of the skin, due to vasodilation.
erythema: Skin redness from sunburn or chemical irritation
swimsuit: A garment worn for swimming.
swimsuit: A tight-fitting one-piece garment worn by women and girls.
chlorate: Any salt of chloric acid.
grevilia: Alternative form of grevillea (“tree of genus Grevillea”)
instruct: Instruction.
chromate: any salt of chromic acid; in solution the yellow chromate anion (CrO₄²⁻) is in equilibrium with the orange dichromate anion (Cr₂O₇²⁻), the relative amount of each ion depending on the pH; they are both very powerful oxidizing agents
fumarate: Any salt or ester of fumaric acid; they are produced in the body as part of the urea cycle.
respects: regards or respect expressed for a deceased person, usually at the same time as offering condolences to other mourners.
bird flu: Avian influenza.
lycopene: A red carotenoid pigment found in tomatoes, other red vegetables, and in animal tissue; there is some evidence that it may lower the risk of prostate cancer.
leverage: A force compounded by means of a lever rotating around a pivot; see torque.
leverage: Any influence which is compounded or used to gain an advantage.
leverage: The use of borrowed funds with a contractually determined return to increase the ability to invest and earn an expected higher return, but usually at high risk.
leverage: The debt-to-equity ratio.
leverage: The ability to earn very high returns when operating at high-capacity utilization of a facility.
airdrome: A location where aircraft are operated, usually having a runway and maintenance facilities.
dis-ease: Lack of a feeling of ease; uneasiness.
centrale: The central, or one of the central, bones of the carpus or tarsus in most vertebrates. In the human tarsus it is represented by the navicular.
isoprene: An unsaturated hydrocarbon, C₅H₈, that is readily polymerized; natural rubber (caoutchouc) is cis-1,4-polyisoprene, and trans-1,4-polyisoprene is present in gutta-percha and balata; it is the structural basis for the terpenes.
carotene: A class of tetraterpene plant pigments; they vary in colour from yellow, through orange to red, this colour originating in a chain of alternating single and double bonds.
carotene: Specifically, a number of isomers of tetraterpene hydrocarbons, C₄₀H₅₆, (especially beta-carotene), present in carrots etc, which are converted into vitamin A in the liver.
dominate: The late period of the Roman Empire, following the principate, during which the emperor's rule became more explicitly autocratic and remaining vestiges of the Roman Republic were removed from the formal workings of government; the reign of any particular emperor during this period.
bigamist: One who practices bigamy.
pellucid: Something which allows the passage of light; a translucent or transparent object.
sonogram: a medical image produced by ultrasound echo
sonogram: a spectrogram
golliwog: A rag doll or mascot in the form of a caricature of a black minstrel.
golliwog: A black person.
golliwog: A hairy caterpillar.
golliwog: A receiver of stolen goods.
golliwog: Greyhound racing: the jolly dogs.
ageustia: Alternative spelling of ageusia
charming: The casting of a magical charm.
blinking: The act of something that blinks.
routeing: A method of finding paths from origins to destinations in a transport network.
egg yolk: The central part of a chicken’s (or other bird’s) egg, yellow when fresh.
printout: Something printed on paper, usually by a printer (machine).
Polander: An inhabitant of Poland, a person native to Poland, or a person of Polish origin.
resource: Something that one uses to achieve an objective, e.g. raw materials or personnel.
resource: A person's capacity to deal with difficulty.
resource: Something that can be used to help achieve an aim, especially a book, equipment, etc. that provides information for teachers and students.
resource: Hardware or software accessible by a computer, network, or another object connected to a computer.
sluggard: A person who is lazy, stupid, or idle by habit.
sluggard: A person slow to begin necessary work, a slothful person.
sluggard: A fearful or cowardly person, a poltroon.
pedigree: A chart, list, or record of ancestors, to show breeding, especially distinguished breeding.
pedigree: A person's ancestral history; ancestry, lineage.
pedigree: Good breeding or ancestry.
pedigree: The history or provenance of an idea, custom etc.
pedigree: The ancestry of a domesticated animal, especially a dog or horse.
federast: A federalist, especially in the EU.
benefits: public assistance; welfare.
exciting: The process of something becoming excited; excitation.
data set: A file of related records on a computer-readable medium such as disk, especially one on a mainframe computer.
data set: A modem that connects a device such as a teletype to an ordinary telephone.
data set: A set of data to be analyzed.
gradient: A slope or incline.
gradient: A rate of inclination or declination of a slope.
gradient: The ratio of the rates of change of a dependent variable and an independent variable, the slope of a curve's tangent.
gradient: The rate at which a physical quantity increases or decreases relative to change in a given variable, especially distance.
gradient: A differential operator that maps each point of a scalar field to a vector pointed in the direction of the greatest rate of change of the scalar. Notation for a scalar field φ: ∇φ
gradient: A gradual change in color; a color gradient; gradation.
graphics: The making of architectural or design drawings.
graphics: The graphic arts.
graphics: The pictorial representation and manipulation of data; the process by which a computer displays data.
graphics: The art or visual representations displayed by a computer.
flattery: Excessive praise or approval, which is often insincere and sometimes contrived to win favour.
flattery: An instance of excessive praise.
built-in: Anything (such as a piece of furniture, or a software feature) that is built in, not added as an extra.
latitude: The angular distance north or south from a planet's equator, measured along the meridian of that particular point.
latitude: An imaginary line (in fact a circumference) around a planet running parallel to the planet's equator.
latitude: The relative freedom from restrictions; scope to do something.
latitude: The angular distance of a heavenly body from the ecliptic.
latitude: The extent to which a light-sensitive material can be over- or underexposed and still achieve an acceptable result.
latitude: Extent or scope; e.g. breadth, width or amplitude.
brickbat: A piece of brick used as a weapon, especially if thrown, or placed in something like a sock and used as a club.
brickbat: A criticism or uncomplimentary remark.
bus lane: A traffic lane designated for the use of buses.
isometry: A function between metric spaces (or on a single metric space) having the property that the distance between two images is equal to the distance between their preimages.
footrest: A support on which to rest the feet.
loanword: A word directly taken into one language from another one with little or no adaptation.
customer: A habitual patron, regular purchaser, returning client; one who has a custom of buying from a particular business.
customer: A patron, a client; one who purchases or receives a product or service from a business or merchant, or intends to do so.
customer: A person, especially one engaging in some sort of interaction with others.
customer: A native official who exacted customs duties.
sampling: The process or technique of obtaining a representative sample.
sampling: A sample.
sampling: The analysis of a group by determining the characteristics of a significant percentage of its members chosen at random.
sampling: The measurement, at regular intervals, of the amplitude of a varying waveform in order to convert it to digital form.
sampling: Electronically splicing pieces of previously recorded sound as part of a composition, especially as part of hip-hop or electronic dance music.
tan line: the division between skin that has darkened or tanned from exposure to sun and skin that has not been exposed to sun
surcease: Cessation; stop, stopping; end. Respite, intermission.
nihilism: The view that all endeavours are devoid of objective meaning.
nihilism: The rejection of, or opposition to, religious beliefs, (inherent or objective) moral principles, legal rules, etc., often due to the view that life is meaningless (sense 1).
nihilism: The rejection of non-proven or non-rationalized assertions in the social and political spheres of society.
nihilism: A delusion that oneself or the world, or parts thereof, have ceased to exist.
nihilism: Alternative letter-case form of Nihilism (“a Russian movement of the 1860s that rejected all authority and promoted the use of violence for political change”)
nihilism: A doctrine grounded on the negation of one or more meaningful aspects of life; in particular, the view that nothing in the world actually exists.
nihilism: Something that is regarded as meaningless.
Malinois: Short for Belgian Malinois.
coenzyme: Any small molecule that is necessary for the functioning of an enzyme.
tailwind: A wind that blows in the same direction as the course taken by an aircraft, sailing ship, bird, etc.
tailwind: A force that accelerates progress.
unworthy: An inadequate person.
clerical: A member of the clergy.
clerical: Clerical garments.
headwind: A wind that blows directly against the course of a vehicle, like an aircraft, train, or ship.
headwind: A strong force that impedes or reverses progress.
bear-hug: Alternative spelling of bear hug
armament: A body of forces equipped for war.
armament: All the cannon and small arms collectively, with their equipments, belonging to a ship or a fortification.
armament: Any equipment for resistance.
armament: The process of building up military capacity.
hardship: Difficulty or trouble; hard times.
hardship: A burden, a source of difficulty that could impose a barrier.
mastitis: Inflammation of a breast.
bear hug: Any especially large, tight or enthusiastic hug, usually friendly and especially given by a male.
bear hug: A hostile takeover effort in which one firm offers to buy the other firm at a share price too high to refuse.
bear hug: A hold with the arms around the opponent.
chiliast: Synonym of millenarian: a person who believes the Second Coming of Jesus Christ will involve his physical rule on Earth for 1000 years.
lynching: Execution of a person by mob action without due process of law, especially by hanging.
dog cart: A cart drawn by a dog.
dog cart: A two-wheeled horse-drawn carriage with two transverse seats back to back. The rear seat originally closed up to form a box for carrying dogs.
frenetic: One who is frenetic.
portrait: A painting or other picture of a person, especially the head and shoulders.
portrait: An accurate depiction of a person, a mood, etc.
portrait: A print orientation where the vertical sides are longer than the horizontal sides.
parosmia: A distorted sense of smell, often resulting in the apparent detection of non-existent smells which are mostly unpleasant.
deponent: A witness; especially one who gives information under oath, in a deposition concerning facts known to him or her.
deponent: A deponent verb.
piercing: gerund of pierce
piercing: A hole made in the body so that jewellery can be worn through it.
piercing: An item of jewellery designed to be fitted through a piercing (sense 2).
femicide: The killing of a woman or girl because of her sex, especially when motivated by misogyny.
pavonine: Tarnish found on some ores and metals which resembles the tail feathers of a peacock.
pavonine: Any bird from the family Pavonidae.
machismo: An excessive masculine pride.
machismo: exaggerated masculinity
machismo: characteristic, behavior or particularity of Male; Macheza.
machismo: male chauvinism, misogyny
transect: A path along which a researcher moves to count and record observations or collect data.
exigence: exigency
brainiac: A very intelligent and usually studious, erudite person.
oncology: The branch of medicine concerned with tumors, including study of their development, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention.
doggerel: A comic or humorous verse, usually irregular in measure.
deadline: A time limit in the form of a date on or before which something must be completed.
deadline: A guideline marked on a plate for a printing press.
deadline: A line that does not move.
deadline: A boundary around a prison, prisoners crossing which would be shot.
Parisian: A person who was born in, or is a citizen or inhabitant of, Paris, France
threnody: A song or poem of lamentation or mourning for a dead person; a dirge; an elegy.
etouffee: Alternative spelling of étouffée
thriller: Something that thrills.
thriller: A suspenseful, sensational genre of story, book, play or film.
fremitus: A vibration which is perceptible on palpation or auscultation.
syndrome: A recognizable pattern of signs, symptoms and/or behaviours, especially of a disease or medical or psychological condition.
syndrome: Any set of characteristics regarded as identifying a certain type, condition, etc., usually adverse.
couscous: A pasta of North African origin made of crushed and steamed semolina.
trifling: The act of one who trifles; frivolous behaviour.
refactor: The process by which source code is refactored.
puncture: The act or an instance of puncturing.
puncture: A hole, cut, or tear created by a sharp object.
puncture: A hole in a vehicle's tyre, causing the tyre to deflate.
theremin: An electronic musical instrument that generates sound of varying pitch and volume depending on the proximity of the musician’s hands to two antennae mounted on the instrument.
disclose: A disclosure.
thermion: An electrically charged particle, either an electron or an ion, emitted by a conducting material at high temperatures
murmurer: One who murmurs
comeback: A return (e.g. to popularity, success, etc.) after an extended period of obscurity or underperformance.
comeback: A retort or answer, particularly a quick or clever one.
comeback: An occurrence of an athlete or sports team in a competition overcoming a substantial disadvantage in points to win or draw.
dynatron: A tetrode in which the voltage on the screen grid is higher than that on the control grid, causing the plate current to decrease as plate voltage increases; was used in oscillators.
ducktail: A hairstyle in which the hair is swept back into an upturned point at the back.
xenocide: The killing of a stranger or foreigner.
xenocide: The genocide of an entire alien species.
xenocide: The intentional killing of an entire foreign (plant or animal) species.
euphoric: A drug that causes euphoria; a euphoriant.
bawdrick: Alternative form of baldric
frictive: Any substance which increases friction.
paraffin: A petroleum-based thin and colourless fuel oil.
paraffin: Any member of the alkane hydrocarbons.
paraffin: paraffin wax.
mischief: Conduct that playfully causes petty annoyance.
mischief: A playfully annoying action.
mischief: A group or a pack of rats.
mischief: Harm or injury:
mischief: Harm or trouble caused by an agent or brought about by a particular cause.
mischief: Harm or injury:
mischief: An injury or an instance of harm or trouble caused by a person or other agent or cause.
mischief: A criminal offence defined in various ways in various jurisdictions, sometimes including causing damage to another's property.
mischief: A cause or agent of annoyance, harm or injury, especially a person who causes mischief.
mischief: The Devil; used as an expletive.
mischief: Casual and/or flirtatious sexual acts.
receiver: A person who receives.
receiver: An official whose job is to receive taxes or other monies; a tax collector, a treasurer.
receiver: A person who receives.
receiver: A person who receives something in a general sense; a recipient.
receiver: A person who receives.
receiver: A person who accepts stolen goods.
receiver: A person who receives.
receiver: A person or company appointed to settle the affairs of an insolvent entity.
receiver: A person who receives.
receiver: An offensive player who catches the ball after it has been passed.
receiver: A person who receives.
receiver: A person who attempts to return the serve.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: Something which receives some substance or object, in a general sense; a receptacle.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: A vessel for receiving and holding the products of distillation, or for containing gases.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: An airtight vessel from which air is pumped in order to form a vacuum.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: The part of a firearm containing the action.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: A vessel for receiving the exhaust steam from the high-pressure cylinder before it enters the low-pressure cylinder, in a compound steam engine.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: Any of several electronic devices that receive electromagnetic waves, or signals transmitted as such.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: The part of a telephone handset contained in the earpiece; (hence) the handset itself; an earpiece.
receiver: An item or apparatus that receives.
receiver: A swaption which gives its holder the option to enter into a swap in which they pay the floating leg and receive the fixed leg.
fireclay: Alternative spelling of fire clay
cosecant: In a right triangle, the reciprocal of the sine of an angle. Symbols: cosec, csc
windfall: Something that has been blown down by the wind.
windfall: A fruit that has fallen from a tree naturally, as from wind.
windfall: A sudden large benefit; especially, a sudden or unexpected large amount of money, as from lottery or sweepstakes winnings or an unexpected inheritance or gift.
subsonic: an aircraft whose maximum speed is less than the speed of sound
scouting: The act of one who scouts.
scouting: The Scout Movement.
scouting: The activities of boy scouts and girl scouts.
isotropy: The property of being identical, or having the same physical properties, in all directions.
Angeleno: A native or resident of Los Angeles.
amaranth: An imaginary flower that does not wither.
amaranth: Any of various herbs of the genus Amaranthus.
amaranth: The characteristic purplish-red colour of the flowers or leaves of these plants.
amaranth: A red to purple azo dye used as a biological stain, and in some countries in cosmetics and as a food colouring.
amaranth: The seed of these plants, used as a cereal.
servitor: One who performs the duties of a servant.
servitor: One who serves in an army; a soldier.
servitor: An undergraduate who performed menial duties in exchange for financial support from his college, particularly at Oxford University.
Eurocrat: An employee or minister of the European Union, typically working in Brussels or Strasbourg.
Cheyenne: A member of an indigenous people of the Great Plains in North America.
fuck you: An insulting and humiliating action against somebody.
raillery: Good-natured banter, jest, or ridicule.
actinide: Any of the 15 radioactive elements of the periodic table from actinium to lawrencium that are positioned under the lanthanides, to which they have similar chemistry.
actinide: Any of the 14 elements from actinium to nobelium (lawrencium is excluded by some authors as it is a d-block rather than an f-block element).
actinide: Any of the 14 elements from thorium to lawrencium (actinium having been mistakenly excluded because it was thought to be a d-block element in the past).
airframe: The main body and structure of an aircraft (without the powerplant).
grandkid: A grandchild.
placeman: One appointed to an office, especially in government, as a reward for political or other support; an appointee, a yes-man.
ringtone: The sound made by a telephone when ringing.
ringtone: A customizable tone used to indicate an incoming call on a telephone, especially a mobile phone.
Silurian: A member of the Silures, an ancient tribe of Britannia.
mounting: Something mounted; an attachment.
mounting: The act of one who mounts.
kidology: The art of kidding, teasing mocking.
kidology: Studied deception.
Devonian: A native or inhabitant of the English region of Devon.
swooping: The motion of something that swoops.
pipeline: A conduit made of pipes used to convey water, gas or petroleum etc.
pipeline: A channel (either physical or logical) by which information is transmitted sequentially (that is, the first information in is the first information out).
pipeline: A system or process through which something is conducted.
pipeline: A widely observed pattern of development in personal interests, circumstances, or opinions.
pipeline: The inside of a wave that a surfer is riding, when the wave has started closing over it.
drooping: An instance of something drooping.
Cambrian: Synonym of Walian: a Welsh person, a Welshman or Welshwoman.
listener: Someone who listens, especially to a speech or a broadcast.
listener: A function that runs in response to an event; an event handler.
listener: A person's ear.
listener: A musical anthology.
jabalina: Alternative form of javelina
tightass: Someone who does not know how to have fun, or who is so worried about insignificant things as to ruin any fun that anyone around them may be having.
tightass: Someone who is stingy, or who is tight with money.
coverage: An amount by which something or someone is covered.
coverage: The amount and type of attention given to an event or topic in news media or other media.
coverage: The average number of reads representing a given nucleotide in the reconstructed sequence.
coverage: The area covered by a mobile phone (cellphone) or other radio network.
coverage: The signal strength, reception of a radio signal.
coverage: Defense.
notation: The act, process, method, or an instance of representing by a system or set of marks, signs, figures, or characters.
notation: A system of characters, symbols, or abbreviated expressions used in an art or science or in mathematics or logic to express technical facts or quantities.
notation: A specific note or piece of information written in such a notation.
grab bag: A gift, purchase, etc. whose contents are concealed until after a selection is made.
grab bag: Any random assortment, selection or possibility.
grab bag: A moderately large bag of crisps or other snack, intended for sharing.
grab bag: A bag containing essential items, which can be easily picked up and taken in an emergency.
euphobia: Fear of hearing good news.
clarinet: A woodwind musical instrument that has a distinctive liquid tone whose characteristics vary among its three registers: chalumeau (low), clarion (medium), and altissimo (high).
Ugricist: A linguist specializing in the Ugric family of languages
metonomy: Misspelling of metonymy.
tzatziki: An appetizer made from yoghurt, cucumber, garlic, olive oil and dill or mint; usually served with pitta bread and as a meze
inhalant: something, especially a medication, that is inhaled
trioxide: any oxide containing three oxygen atoms in each molecule
trioxide: any organic compound of general formula R-OOO-R', derived from trioxidane
clucking: The action of the verb cluck; a cluck sound.
monoxide: any oxide containing a single oxygen atom in each molecule or formula unit
scudding: The action of the verb to scud.
rotation: The act of turning around a centre or an axis.
rotation: A single complete cycle around a centre or an axis.
rotation: A regular variation in a sequence, such as to even-out wear, or people taking turns in a task; a duty roster.
rotation: An operation on a metric space that is a continuous isometry and fixes at least one point.
rotation: The set of starting pitchers of a team.
rotation: The step during takeoff when the pilot commands the vehicle to lift the nose wheel off the ground during the takeoff roll. (see also: V2)
rotation: Repeated play on a radio station, etc.
clubbing: An instance of using a club.
clubbing: A thickening of the ends of fingers and toes.
clubbing: The practice of frequenting nightclubs.
clubbing: The development of clubroot in a plant.
peroxide: A divalent radical or anion containing two oxygen atoms linked by a covalent bond; any substance containing this group which yields hydrogen peroxide when treated with an acid.
peroxide: Hydrogen peroxide, especially when in an aqueous solution used as a bleach.
peroxide: Any compound containing the functional group R-O-O-R'.
reminder: Someone or something that reminds.
reminder: Writing that reminds of open payments.
exposure: The condition of being exposed, uncovered, or unprotected.
exposure: Lack of protection from weather or the elements.
exposure: The act of exposing something, such as a scandal.
exposure: The act or condition of being at risk of financial losses.
exposure: That part which is facing or exposed to something, e.g. the sun, weather, sky, or a view.
exposure: An instance of taking a photograph.
exposure: The piece of film exposed to light.
exposure: Details of the time and f-number used.
exposure: The amount of sun, wind etc. experienced by a particular site.
drubbing: A severe beating.
drubbing: A thorough defeat.
medicide: Medically assisted suicide; suicide accomplished with the assistance of a physician.
shooting: An instance of shooting with a gun or other weapon.
shooting: The sport or activity of firing a gun or other weapon.
shooting: A district in which people have the right to kill game with firearms.
shooting: The act of one who, or that which, shoots.
shooting: A sensation of darting pain.
headword: A word used as the title of a section, particularly in a dictionary, encyclopedia, or thesaurus.
headword: Any word which may be modified by an adjunct.
Aga saga: A kind of popular novel set in a suburban or rural location and featuring domestic and emotional themes involving middle-class characters.
centesis: puncture or perforation
hodology: The study of pathways.
hodology: In brain physiology, the study of the interconnections of brain cells.
hodology: The study of interconnected ideas.
hodology: The study of paths.
touching: The act by which something is touched.
touching: A snack served with alcoholic drinks in an informal environment.
quebrado: Alternative form of quebrada (“ravine or valley in Latin America”)
blushing: The act of one who blushes; a blush.
brushing: An instance of brushing.
brushing: Material removed by brushing.
brushing: A fraudulent technique in which an online seller sends out fake orders (such as empty boxes) and adds positive reviews about those orders, ostensibly from the recipient.
quiniela: A kind of bet in which the first- and second-place finishers must be predicted, but (unlike a perfecta) not necessarily in the correct order.
quitasol: Alternative form of kittysol
aquacise: A type of physical exercise practiced in water mostly vertically and without swimming, typically in a swimming pool in waist deep or deeper water.
returnee: Someone who comes back or returns, especially to their own country or region.
returnee: A person who sends something back.
Lachesis: The venom of Lachesis muta, the bushmaster snake, used to treat various conditions.
nihilist: A person who accepts or champions nihilism.
nihilist: An absolute skeptic; a person who believes in the truth of nothing.
escargot: A dish, commonly associated with French cuisine, consisting of edible snails.
escargot: A snail (often Helix pomatia) used in preparation of that dish.
quebrada: A ravine or valley in Latin America.
Eurasian: Any person native to Eurasia, or descended from people native to Eurasia.
Eurasian: A person of mixed European and Asian ancestry.
Eurasian: A person of European ancestry born in Asia.
dumbshit: A stupid person.
diplomat: A person, such as an ambassador, who is accredited to represent a government officially in its relations with other governments or international organisations
diplomat: Someone who uses skill and tact in dealing with other people
diplomat: Someone who is an emotional thinker.
memetics: The study of memes and their social and cultural effects.
consommé: a clear broth made from reduced meat or vegetable stock, served either hot as a soup or chilled as a jelly
sea lane: A regularly used route for ocean-going vessels.
sleepout: A veranda or other outbuilding used as a sleeping area.
sleepout: an organised group of people sleeping in the open, often as a form of protest or to raise public awareness of an issue such as homelessness.
sleepout: a holiday in Africa where travellers sleep away from their home, generally in an open air safari lodge, private home or guest house.
Ganymede: A servant boy or young waiter, particularly one who serves liquor.
Ganymede: A boy kept for pederastic purposes; a catamite.
cupidity: Extreme greed, especially for wealth.
air show: a public display of stunt flying, aerobatics, and historical aircraft.
allergic: A person who has an allergy.
kibibyte: Strictly, 2¹⁰ (1,024) bytes, as opposed to a kilobyte.
insomnia: A sleeping disorder that is known for its symptoms of unrest and the inability to sleep.
attentat: Anything whatsoever, as a ruling, by the judge of a lower court in a matter pending an appeal.
attentat: Any step wrongly innovated or attempted by an inferior judge in a suit.
attentat: An attempted assault or assassination of a political figure; a politically motivated attempted assault.
anhedral: the downward slope of an aircraft’s wing
airstrip: An aircraft landing field, usually with one runway and only basic facilities.
dihedral: An angle between two plane surfaces
dihedral: The upward slope of an aircraft's wing
dihedral: The angle between pairs of chemical bonds separated by a third bond
mebibyte: Strictly, 2²⁰ (1024², or 1,048,576) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) kibibytes, as opposed to a megabyte.
quackery: The practice of fraudulent medicine, usually in order to make money or for ego gratification and power; health fraud.
quackery: An instance of practicing fraudulent medicine.
decadent: A person affected by moral decay.
cellular: A cellular phone (mobile phone).
downtown: The main business part of a city or town, usually located at or near its center.
downtown: The human genitalia.
downtown: heroin.
makework: Alternative form of make-work
megabyte: One million (10⁶, or 1,000,000) bytes or 1,000 kilobytes.
megabyte: a mebibyte.
preamble: A short preliminary statement or remark, especially an explanatory introduction to a formal document or statute.
preamble: A syncword.
explicit: The final few words of a text.
treatise: A formal, usually lengthy, systematic discourse on some subject.
rebuttal: The act of contradicting something by making a contrary argument, or presenting contrary evidence.
rebuttal: A statement, designed to refute or negate specific arguments put forward by opponents.
rebuttal: A pleading by a defendant in reply to the evidence put forward by a plaintiff or the prosecution.
swatchel: swazzle
superhet: Superheterodyne receiver.
howdy-do: Alternative form of how-d'ye-do
club kid: A denizen of a nightclub.
club kid: A member of a group of young New York City dance club personalities in the late 1980s and early 1990s, known for their flamboyant behavior and outrageous costumes.
mainland: The continent; the principal land, as distinguished from islands or a peninsula.
mainland: The principal island of a group.
microbot: a small mobile robot equipped with a microcontroller
annoybot: A bot within an IRC channel that sends annoying messages to online participants.
tidepool: A rocky pool by the ocean that is filled with seawater left behind by the falling tide.
grey goo: A hypothetical end-of-the-world event involving nanotechnology, in which out-of-control self-replicating nanobots consume all life on Earth.
blue box: A blue container used for the collection of household waste (such as tin cans and newspapers) for recycling by a municipal authority.
blue box: An electronic device used to bypass payment on a tone pulse telephone system.
blue box: A "tornado watch" notification category.
infantry: Soldiers who fight on foot (on land), as opposed to cavalry and other mounted units, regardless of external transport (e.g. airborne).
infantry: The part of an army consisting of infantry soldiers, especially opposed to mounted and technical troops.
infantry: A regiment of infantry.
cashback: Alternative spelling of cash-back
entendre: Only used in double entendre, single entendre, and triple entendre.
asterism: An unofficial constellation (small group of stars that forms a visible pattern).
asterism: A rarely used typographical symbol (⁂, three asterisks arranged in a triangle), used to call attention to a passage or to separate subchapters in a book.
asterism: A star-shaped figure exhibited by some crystals by reflected light (as in a star sapphire) or by transmitted light (as in some mica).
bed load: Alternative form of bedload
sibilant: A consonant having a hissing or hushing sound such as the s or sh in sack or shack.
Hercules: A Hercules beetle
presence: The fact or condition of being present, or of being within sight or call, or at hand.
presence: The part of space within one's immediate vicinity.
presence: A quality of poise and effectiveness that enables a performer to achieve a close relationship with their audience.
presence: A quality that sets an individual out from others; a quality that makes them noticed and/or admired even if they are not speaking or performing.
presence: Something (as a spirit) felt or believed to be present.
presence: A company's business activity in a particular market.
presence: An assembly of great persons.
presence: The state of being closely focused on the here and now, not distracted by irrelevant thoughts.
presence: Synonym of room tone
buckskin: The skin of a male deer, a buck.
buckskin: Clothing made from buckskin.
buckskin: Breeches made of buckskin.
buckskin: A grayish yellow in colour.
buckskin: A soft strong leather, usually yellowish or grayish in color, made of deerskin.
buckskin: A person clothed in buckskin, particularly an American soldier of the Revolutionary war.
coulisse: A piece of timber having a groove in which something glides.
coulisse: A fluting in a sword blade.
coulisse: A side scene of the stage in a theater or the space between the side scenes.
cornsilk: A very light yellow colour, like that of corn silk.
cornsilk: Alternative form of corn silk (the thready fibres of stigmata of corn (maize))
cupreous: A reddish-brown color, like that of polished copper.
eggshell: The shell around an egg.
eggshell: A pale off-white colour, like that of the eggshell.
firepole: A fixed metal pole, installed in a multi-storey building or firehouse, that allows the occupants to quickly descend floors.
starship: A type of spacecraft capable of traveling to the solar systems of other stars
cerulean: A greenish-blue color.
cerulean: Any of various lycaenid butterflies of the genus Jamides.
burgundy: Alternative letter-case form of Burgundy (red wine).
burgundy: A dark red colour tinged with purple, like that of Burgundy (red) wine.
watching: The act of one who watches.
aspiring: Aspiration.
hind leg: Either of the two legs towards the rear of a four-legged animal.
ballyhoo: Sensational or clamorous advertising or publicity.
ballyhoo: Noisy shouting or uproar.
ballyhoo: Certain species in family Hemiramphidae, inshore, surface-dwelling needlefish forming sizeable schools.
ballyhoo: Certain species in family Hemiramphidae, inshore, surface-dwelling needlefish forming sizeable schools.
ballyhoo: Hemiramphus brasiliensis
ballyhoo: An unseaworthy or slovenly ship.
chancery: In England, formerly, the highest court of judicature next to the Parliament, exercising jurisdiction at law, but chiefly in equity; but under the jurisdiction act of 1873 it became the chancery division of the High Court of Justice, and now exercises jurisdiction only in equity.
chancery: In the United States, a court of equity; equity; proceeding in equity.
chancery: The type of building that houses a diplomatic mission or embassy.
chancery: The type of building that houses the offices and administration of a diocese; the offices of a diocese.
chancery: In the Middle Ages, a government office that produced and notarized official documents.
chancery: The position of a boxer's head when under his adversary's arm.
chancery: Any awkward predicament.
chancery: Short for chancery hand.
babushka: An old woman, especially one of Eastern European descent.
babushka: An old woman, especially one of Eastern European descent.
babushka: A stereotypical, Eastern European peasant grandmother-type figure.
babushka: A Russian grandmother.
babushka: An old woman of Russian or Belarusian descent with unwelcome conservative and/or Orthodox Christian views.
babushka: A traditional floral headscarf worn by an Eastern European woman, tied under the chin.
babushka: A Russian doll, a matryoshka.
breeding: Propagation of offspring through sexual reproduction.
breeding: The act of insemination by natural or artificial means.
breeding: The act of copulation in animals.
breeding: The good manners regarded as characteristic of the aristocracy and conferred by heredity.
breeding: Nurture; education; formation of manners.
breeding: Descent; pedigree; extraction.
breeding: Ejaculation inside the rectum during bareback anal sex.
touch-up: A slight correction or adjustment.
lifework: The main occupation or vocation of a person's life.
sky blue: A vibrant light blue colour, like that of the sky on a fine day.
sky blue: Milk excessively diluted with water, or from which the cream was too closely skimmed.
stubborn: Stubbornness.
stubborn: Short for stubborn disease (“a disease of citrus trees”).
focaccia: A flatbread similar in style, composition, and texture to modern pizza doughs and topped with herbs, cheese and other products. Focaccia typically consists of high-gluten flour, oil, water, sugar, salt and yeast.
focaccia: A sandwich made with this type of bread.
misogamy: Hatred of or opposition to marriage
lifeboat: A boat especially designed for saving the lives of shipwrecked people or people in distress at sea (either launched from the shore with a crew, or else carried on board a larger ship).
lifeboat: An emergency vehicle carried aboard a spaceship.
tapeworm: Any parasitical worm of the class or infraclass Cestoda, which infest the intestines of animals, including humans, often infecting different host species during their life cycle.
tapeworm: Any parasitical worm of the class or infraclass Cestoda, which infest the intestines of animals, including humans, often infecting different host species during their life cycle.
tapeworm: A broad fish tapeworm, Diphyllobothrium latum.
tapeworm: Infection by tapeworms.
bit part: A minor role, generally not assigned a name.
predator: Any animal or other organism that hunts and kills other non-plant organisms (their prey), primarily for food.
predator: Someone who attacks and plunders for gain.
predator: A sexual predator.
evilness: The quality or state of being evil.
creeping: The act of something that creeps.
pig iron: A type of crude, brittle iron shaped like a block, unsuitable for working but suitable for casting, commonly used as an industrial raw material.
cold war: A period of hostile relations between rivals where direct open warfare between them is largely undesired and avoided.
catch-up: An act of catching up or attempting to catch up.
catch-up: An amount, a thing, or a receipt or repetition of information that enables one to catch up.
freezing: The change in state of a substance from liquid to solid by cooling to a critically low temperature.
freezing: The action of numbing with anesthetics.
tutorial: A self-paced learning exercise; a lesson prepared so that a student can learn at their own speed, at their convenience.
tutorial: An interactive class taught by a tutor to students at university or college, individually or in small groups.
tutorial: A video or text guide or instruction about a specific topic (generally a how-to)
cinnabar: A deep red mineral, mercuric sulfide, HgS; the principal ore of mercury; such ore used as the pigment vermilion.
cinnabar: A bright red colour tinted with orange.
cinnabar: A species of moth, Tyria jacobaeae, having red patches on its predominantly black wings.
cinnabar: The Elixir of Life.
hot pink: A bright vibrant pink colour.
rapeseed: The seed of the rape plant, Brassica napus, used widely for animal feed and vegetable oil.
rapeseed: The rape plant itself.
aeronomy: A branch of science that deals with the upper atmosphere of the Earth and the other planets with reference to their chemical composition, physical properties, relative motion, and responses to radiation from space.
j'accuse: An accusation, especially one made publicly.
Satanist: One who identifies with Anton Szandor LaVey's philosophical teachings and the religion, Satanism, founded upon it.
Satanist: One who worships Satan.
indirect: An indirect cost.
indirect: An indirect radiator
frybread: Fried bread.
analemma: A figure-eight curve that results when the Sun's position in the sky is plotted out over the year at the same hour of mean solar time every day. [from c.]
analemma: A figure-eight curve that results when the Sun's position in the sky is plotted out over the year at the same hour of mean solar time every day.
severity: The state of being severe.
severity: The degree of something undesirable; badness or seriousness.
eggplant: The plant Solanum melongena.
eggplant: The edible fruit of the Solanum melongena: an aubergine.
eggplant: A dark purple color, like that of the skin of this fruit.
eggplant: A black person (used mainly by Italian-Americans).
eggplant: A 180 backside rotated invert in which the front hand is planted on the lip of the halfpipe wall
gyroball: A spinning pitch thrown most commonly by Japanese baseball players.
residual: A remainder left over at the end of some process.
residual: Payments made to performers, writers and directors when a recorded broadcast is repeated.
residual: The difference between the observed value and the estimated value of the quantity of interest.
residual: A spiritual presence left behind in a place as a result of a person's death or some other significant event.
mitching: Pilfering; skulking.
mitching: Playing truant.
mitching: A pretense of poverty.
zaibatsu: A Japanese ‘money clique’ or conglomerate; (by extension) in the United States, any large corporation.
chatroom: Alternative spelling of chat room
Satanism: Worship or reverence to Satan (usually synonymous with "the Devil").
Satanism: A profession, philosophy, or ideological construct featuring a positive, admirable, or useful association to the figure, character or entity known as 'Satan'; or, featuring opposition to all morality and the procurement of what is wanted regardless of the consequences concerning others.
Satanism: LaVeyan Satanism.
Satanism: A devilish disposition.
dilutant: A diluting agent; a diluent, or thinner.
skydiver: Someone who skydives.
coal tar: A black, viscous tar made by the destructive distillation of coal (to make coke and town gas); it contains a great number of compounds including hydrocarbons and phenols; used in the preparation of medicinal soap and shampoo, and industrially for the manufacture of many products.
mazarine: A dark blue colour.
mazarine: A forcemeat entrée.
mazarine: The platform beneath the stage in a large theater.
methanol: The simplest aliphatic alcohol, CH₃OH; a colourless, toxic, inflammable liquid, used as a solvent, antifreeze, in the chemical industry, and in the preparation of methylated spirit.
ninjutsu: A Japanese martial art that is a collection of techniques originally practiced for Japanese espionage purposes, and includes methods of gathering information, nondetection, avoidance, and misdirection techniques. Used by ninja (忍者).
town gas: Any of several flammable gases sold and distributed by a municipal gasworks for lighting and heating in a town, including coal gas or water gas.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: A pigment or other substance that colours or dyes; specifically, a pigment used as a cosmetic. [– c.]
tincture: A pigment or other substance that colours or dyes; specifically, a pigment used as a cosmetic.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: A colour or tint, especially if produced by a pigment or something which stains; a tinge.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: A slight addition of a thing to something else; a shade, a touch, a trace.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: A hue or pattern used in the depiction of a coat of arms; namely, a colour, fur, or metal.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: The act of colouring or dyeing.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: A slight physical quality other than colour (especially taste), or an abstract quality, added to something; a tinge.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: A small flaw; a blemish, a stain.
tincture: Senses relating to colour, and to dipping something into a liquid.
tincture: Synonym of baptism
tincture: Scientific and alchemical senses.
tincture: A medicine consisting of one or more substances dissolved in ethanol or some other solvent.
tincture: Scientific and alchemical senses.
tincture: A (small) alcoholic drink.
tincture: Scientific and alchemical senses.
tincture: An immaterial substance or spiritual principle which was thought capable of being instilled into physical things; also, the essence or spirit of something.
tincture: Scientific and alchemical senses.
tincture: A material essence thought to be capable of extraction from a substance.
tincture: Scientific and alchemical senses.
tincture: The part of a substance thought to be essential, finer, and/or more volatile, which could be extracted in a solution; also, the process of obtaining this.
millenia: Misspelling of millennia.
pleurisy: Inflammation of lung pleura.
vitiligo: The patchy loss of skin pigmentation.
vitiligo: Alphos, a form of leprosy.
honeydew: A sweet, sticky substance deposited on leaves and other plant parts by insects (especially aphids and scale insects) feeding on plant sap, or by fungi.
honeydew: A sweet liquid substance resembling the substance mentioned in sense 1, such as honey, nectar, or manna in the Bible.
honeydew: A blackish mould (often called sooty mould) produced by fungi of the order Dothideales, feeding on the substance mentioned in sense 1.
honeydew: In full honeydew tobacco: a fine sort of tobacco moistened with a sweet substance (originally molasses).
honeydew: Short for honeydew melon (“a melon from the Cucumis melo Inodorus cultivar group, with sweet, light green or white flesh and a smooth greenish-white or yellow rind”).
honeydew: Short for honeydew melon (“a melon from the Cucumis melo Inodorus cultivar group, with sweet, light green or white flesh and a smooth greenish-white or yellow rind”).
honeydew: A light green colour, like the flesh of some honeydew melons.
honeydew: Something that is enjoyable or pleasant.
négligée: A woman's lightweight gown of the eighteenth century.
négligée: A necklace of beads, pearls etc.
négligée: A state of careless undress or very informal attire.
négligée: A woman's loose-fitting nightgown, especially when short, lacy and/or revealing; a nightie.
selenate: any salt or ester of selenic acid
honeypot: A pot of honey.
honeypot: Something or someone similarly sweet or enticing
honeypot: A romantic pet name; "honey".
honeypot: Something or someone similarly sweet or enticing
honeypot: A vulva or vagina.
honeypot: Something or someone similarly sweet or enticing
honeypot: A spy (typically attractive and female) who uses sex to trap and blackmail a target.
honeypot: Something or someone similarly sweet or enticing
honeypot: A woman who attracts sexual attention from men.
honeypot: Something or someone similarly sweet or enticing
honeypot: A trap set to detect or deflect attempts at unauthorized use of information systems.
honeypot: Something or someone similarly sweet or enticing
honeypot: A draw: a place which attracts visitors.
honeypot: A chamberpot.
honeypot: A slop bucket.
linesman: An assistant referee.
linesman: A male line judge.
linesman: An official whose primary task is to watch the blue line and determine when there has been an offside.
linesman: An official whose primary task is to determine whether there has been a line of scrimmage violation.
linesman: A person employed to work on electrical lines; a lineman.
linesman: A private in the line.
catch up: Alternative spelling of catch-up
scarcity: The condition of something being scarce or deficient.
scarcity: An inadequate amount of something; a shortage.
remanent: That which remains; a remnant; a residue.
old lace: A off-white colour, like that of old lace.
ill will: A spiteful or vengeful attitude; a grudge; dislike.
borecole: A form of the kale plant, Brassica oleracea acephala, used as the vegetable spring greens / collard greens.
ballonet: Any of several small balloons, inside a dirigible, that can be inflated or deflated to control buoyancy during flight.
selenite: A soft, glassy form of gypsum (chemical formula CaSO₄·2H₂O).
selenite: The anion SeO₃²⁻ derived from selenous acid; any salt or ester of selenous acid.
Napoleon: Alternative form of napoleon
jury rig: Alternative spelling of jury-rig
exorcist: A person, especially a priest or priestess, who is a masterful practitioner in purification and exorcism to force out evil spirits and/or demons from a living being.
exorcism: The ritual act of driving out evil spirits from persons, places or things that are possessed by them.
jury-rig: An improvised rigging.
ganglion: An encapsulated collection of nerve cell bodies, typically linked by synapses, and often forming a swelling on a nerve fiber.
ganglion: Any of certain masses of gray matter in the central nervous system, as the basal ganglia.
ganglion: A centre of intellectual or industrial force, activity, etc.
ganglion: A benign cystic tumour on a tendon sheath or joint capsule.
negatory: No.
Jonathan: An apple cultivar from New York.
Jonathan: An American; a Yank; Brother Jonathan.
aerostat: An aircraft, such as a dirigible or balloon, that derives its lift from buoyancy rather than from wings or rotors.
aerostat: A moored balloon flown in a semi-permanent manner, such as a border patrol monitoring balloon affixed at 18,000 feet (~6 km).
timidity: The state of being timid; shyness.
antipope: A person who claims or claimed to be the pope, usually as the result of a disputed election or deposition, but is not considered by the Roman Catholic Church to be the real pope.
shopping: The process of buying goods or services, or searching for those suitable to buy.
shopping: Recently bought goods.
shopping: An area's combination of stores and other infrastructure and products available for people who want to shop.
shopping: Placement in a workshop for overhaul.
referent: The specific entity in the world that a word or phrase identifies or denotes.
referent: That which is referenced.
madrigal: A song for a small number of unaccompanied voices; from 13th century Italy.
madrigal: A polyphonic song for about six voices, from 16th century Italy.
madrigal: A short poem, often pastoral, and suitable to be set to music.
ammonium: The univalent NH₄⁺ cation, derived by the protonation of ammonia
ammonium: Any similar cation formed by replacing one or more hydrogen atoms with alkyl or aryl radicals
tristeza: A damaging viral disease of citrus plants, caused by Closterovirus.
espousal: A betrothal.
espousal: A wedding ceremony.
espousal: Adoption of a plan, cause, or idea.
reactant: Any of the participants present at the start of a chemical reaction, specifically one that is consumed during the reaction.
buoyancy: The upward force on a body immersed or partly immersed in a fluid.
buoyancy: The ability of an object to stay afloat in a fluid.
buoyancy: Resilience or cheerfulness.
red drum: a large red edible fish, Sciaenops ocellatus, also called channel bass or redfish.
red fire: A chemical mixture, used in fireworks and flares, that burns with a bright red flame.
red snow: Synonym of watermelon snow
red cent: A copper penny.
red cent: A very small amount of money.
escalade: An act of scaling walls or fortifications.
sunlight: All the electromagnetic radiation given off by the Sun, especially that in the visible spectrum that bathes the Earth.
sunlight: Brightness, hope; a positive outlook.
sunlight: Synonym of sunrise.
subcover: A cover which is a subset of another cover.
eurythmy: The harmony of features and proportion in architecture.
eurythmy: Graceful body movements to the rhythm of spoken words and music.
eurythmy: Healthy, normal beating of the pulse; eurhythmia.
sidekick: An assistant to another person, especially to a superior or more important person.
sidekick: In literature, theatre/theater, etc., a good foil of the protagonist, a character who helps emphasize the traits of the main character.
evacuant: something used to clean out an organ system, especially the bowels
evacuant: a laxative
perusing: A process of studying something carefully.
per cent: Form of percent
overhead: The expense of a business not directly assigned to goods or services provided.
overhead: The items or classes of expense not directly assigned to goods or services provided.
overhead: Any cost or expenditure (monetary, time, effort or otherwise) incurred in a project or activity, which does not directly contribute to its progress or outcome.
overhead: Wasted money.
overhead: A smash.
overhead: The ceiling of any enclosed space below decks in a vessel.
overhead: A compartment above the seats for stowing luggage in a passenger aircraft.
overhead: The system of overhead wires used to power electric transport, such as streetcars, trains, or buses.
overhead: Data or steps of computation used only to facilitate the computations in the system and not directly related to the actual program code or data being processed.
overhead: An overhead throw.
overhead: An overhead projector.
overhead: A sheet of transparent material with an image used with an overhead projector; an overhead transparency.
dressing: Material applied to a wound for protection or therapy.
dressing: A sauce, especially a cold one for salads.
dressing: Something added to the soil as a fertilizer etc.
dressing: The activity of getting dressed.
dressing: Dress; raiment; especially, ornamental habiliment or attire.
dressing: The stuffing of fowls, pigs, etc.
dressing: Gum, starch, etc., used in stiffening or finishing silk, linen, and other fabrics.
dressing: An ornamental finish, such as a moulding around doors, windows, or on a ceiling.
dressing: Castigation; scolding; a dressing down.
dressing: The process of extracting metals or other valuable components from minerals.
champers: Champagne (wine).
devotion: The act or state of devoting or being devoted.
devotion: Feeling of strong or fervent affection; dedication
devotion: Religious veneration, zeal, or piety.
devotion: A prayer (often found in the plural)
devotion: Religious offerings; alms.
macerate: A macerated substance.
tailbone: The final fused vertebrae at the base of the spine; the coccyx.
Japonism: An influence of Japanese art and culture on European art and design.
stampede: A wild, headlong scamper, or running away, of a number of animals; usually caused by fright; hence, any sudden flight or dispersion, as of a crowd or an army in consequence of a panic.
stampede: A situation in which many people in a crowd are trying to go in the same direction at the same time.
stampede: Any sudden unconcerted moving or acting together of a number of persons, as from some common impulse.
fengshui: Alternative form of feng shui
mulching: The act of preparing/applying a mulch.
pyruvate: A salt or ester of pyruvic acid.
apophyge: A curvature found on the top or bottom of certain columns.
seashell: The empty shell of a marine mollusk.
seashell: The animal living inside a seashell.
seashell: A very light pink colour, like that of some seashells.
capoeira: A martial art developed in Brazil, involving complex acrobatic maneuvers and flowing movements.
capoeira: A practitioner of this martial art.
skillion: A room built against the back of another building, having a separate roof.
skillion: Any indefinitely large number.
blumpkin: The act of performing fellatio while the recipient is defecating on the toilet.
one drop: A style of drumming, prevalent in reggae and attributed to Winston Grennan, in which the snare and bass play on the same beat.
employer: A person, firm or other entity which pays for or hires the services of another person.
red meat: Meats such as beef that are dark red in colour when uncooked.
red meat: Fresh, inspiring, or inflammatory topics or information.
swindler: A person who swindles, cheats or defrauds.
auditory: Synonym of audience.
auditory: Synonym of auditorium.
unciform: The hamate bone.
phalange: A phalanx (of soldiers, people etc.).
phalange: A phalanx ("one of the bones of the finger or toe").
phalange: Any of the joints of an insect's tarsus.
phalange: A bundle of stamens joined by their filaments.
phalange: A phalanstery.
Absolute: That which is totally unconditioned, unrestricted, pure, perfect, or complete; that which can be thought of without relation to others.
throstle: A song thrush.
throstle: A machine for spinning wool, cotton, etc., from the rove, consisting of a set of drawing rollers with bobbins and flyers, and differing from the mule in having the twisting apparatus stationary and the processes continuous.
sorcerer: A magician or wizard, sometimes specifically male.
protasis: The first part of a play, in which the setting and characters are introduced
protasis: A clause that expresses a contingent element in a conditional sentence
comedian: An entertainer who performs in a humorous manner, especially by telling jokes.
comedian: Any person who is humorous or amusing, either characteristically or on a particular occasion.
comedian: A person who performs in theatrical plays.
comedian: A writer of comedies.
monument: A structure built for commemorative or symbolic reasons, or as a memorial; a commemoration.
monument: An important site owned by the community as a whole.
monument: An exceptional or proud achievement.
monument: An important burial vault or tomb.
monument: Any grave marker.
monument: A legal document.
monument: A surveying reference point marked by a permanently fixed marker (a survey monument).
monument: A pile of stones left by a prospector to claim ownership of ore etc. found in a mine.
monument: A natural or artificial object used as a reference point.
monument: A surviving record.
geomancy: A method of divination using earth or the ground, such as interpreting markings on the ground or how handfuls of dirt land when tossed.
geomancy: feng shui; Chinese geomancy.
Athletic: A player on the team Oakland Athletics.
Athletic: Short for Athletic Club, a Spanish professional club more often known in English as Athletic Bilbao.
Arcadian: An inhabitant of ancient Arcadia.
Arcadian: An ideal rustic.
Arcadian: A native or inhabitant of Arcadia (in Greece)
Arcadian: A native or inhabitant of Arcadia (in the US) or its suburbs.
squadron: A body of troops drawn up in a square.
squadron: A body of cavalry comprising two companies or troops, averaging from one hundred and twenty to two hundred soldiers.
squadron: A body of infantrymen made up of several platoons, averaging from eighty to one hundred and fifty men, and led by a captain or a major.
squadron: A detachment of vessels employed on any particular service or station, under the command of the senior officer
squadron: A tactical air force unit; consists of at least two flights; multiple squadrons make up a group or wing (depending on particular air force).
squadron: A spaceforce unit; multiple squadrons make up an operations delta or a support garrison.
Argonaut: Alternative letter-case form of argonaut
espresso: A concentrated coffee beverage brewed by forcing hot water under high pressure through finely ground coffee.
espresso: A drink that includes espresso as an ingredient.
Cardinal: A player on the St. Louis Cardinals team.
Cardinal: A player on the Arizona Cardinals team.
Cardinal: A student or player on a sports team at the University of Louisville.
Cardinal: A player on a sports team at Stanford University.
scramble: A rush or hurry, especially making use of the limbs against a surface.
scramble: An emergency defensive air force mission to intercept attacking enemy aircraft.
scramble: A motocross race.
scramble: Any frantic period of competitive activity.
scramble: An impromptu maneuver or run by a quarterback, attempting to gain yardage or avoid being tackled behind the line of scrimmage.
scramble: A statistic used in assessing a player's short game, consisting of a chip or putt from under 50 yards away that results in requiring one putt or less on the green.
scramble: A variant of golf in which each player in a team tees off on each hole, and the players decide which shot was best. Every player then plays their second shot from within a club length of where the best ball has come to rest, and the procedure is repeated until the hole is finished.
Capuchin: A member of an order of Roman Catholic friars.
Cashmere: A breed of goat (Capra aegagrus hircus) raised for its hair.
Canadien: A French Canadian (male or of unspecified sex).
beetroot: A normally deep-red-coloured root vegetable usually cooked or pickled before eating; Synonym of beet.
beetroot: The edible part of the root of a beet plant, raw or prepared.
Browning: A small, semi-automatic European handgun.
Deadhead: A fan of the rock band The Grateful Dead.
Chinaman: A person of Chinese or other East Asian descent.
Chinaman: A sailing ship of the 18th and 19th centuries engaged in the Old China Trade
Chinaman: Addiction from a narcotic, especially heroin.
Chinaman: Synonym of Chinaperson, a Chinese person of either gender.
dementia: A progressive decline in cognitive function due to damage or disease in the brain beyond what might be expected from normal aging. Areas particularly affected include memory, attention, judgement, language and problem solving.
dementia: Madness or insanity.
Congress: A two-year session of the Congress, commencing after a Federal election and ending before the next one.
Burgundy: A variety of red wine from this region.
Burgundy: A variety of wine resembling that of Burgundy; especially from Australia or California.
Democrat: A member or supporter of a democratic party.
Democrat: A member or supporter of the Democratic Party in the United States.
Democrat: A proponent of democracy.
designer: A person who designs something, or who designs things as a profession.
designer: A plotter or schemer.
designer: A software tool for designing things.
Flathead: One of the Salish people of Washington state and British Columbia.
practise: Obsolete spelling of practice.
practise: Misspelling of practice.
GI tract: The gastrointestinal tract.
Bavarian: A person from Bavaria or of Bavarian descent.
Bavarian: Alternative form of bavarian (“fruit-based dessert”)
cervical: Ellipsis of cervical vertebra.
Islander: Short for Prince Edward Islander.
Islander: Short for Vancouver Islander.
Islander: Short for Pacific Islander.
Epiphany: A manifestation of the divinity of Jesus Christ, especially to the Magi (Matthew 2:1–12), but also at his baptism and the Wedding at Cana.
Epiphany: An annual Christian feast celebrating these events, usually on January 6, the twelfth day after Christmas.
Epiphany: The day of the celebration, January 6, or sometimes (in Western Christianity), the Sunday between January 2 and 8.
Epiphany: The season or time of the Christian church year, either from the Epiphany feast day to Shrove Tuesday (the day before Ash Wednesday, the start of Lent), or from the Epiphany feast day to the feast of Candlemas (marking the presentation of Jesus Christ in the Temple in Jerusalem).
Catholic: A member of a Catholic church.
Javanese: A person belonging to the Javanese people (one of the indigenous groups native to Java island).
Javanese: A cat of a certain domestic cat breed.
Mistress: Used as the title of a married woman before her name. Now used only in the abbreviated form Mrs.
Mistress: Used as the title of a female dominant.
Mastodon: A nickname for both the 4-8-0 and (though incorrectly) the 4-10-0 train configurations.
Mosquito: The De Havilland Mosquito, a Second World War military aircraft.
Mosquito: Archaic form of Miskito.
Benjamin: A US$100 bill, which bears a portrait of Benjamin Franklin.
Optimist: A small centre-board sailing dinghy designed to train and introduce young children into sailing.
Myrmidon: One of a fierce tribe or troop who accompanied Achilles, their king, in the Trojan War.
Parmesan: Someone from Parma (the Italian city or region)
Parmesan: Alternative form of parmesan (a kind of cheese).
Estonian: A person of the indigenous ethnic group of Estonia or someone descended from such people.
Estonian: Any person from Estonia or someone descended from such people.
Estonian: The Uralic language that is the official language of Estonia.
Sapphire: A stereotype of an aggressive and domineering black woman.
Mandarin: Standard Mandarin, an official language of China and Taiwan, and one of four official languages in Singapore; Putonghua, Guoyu or Huayu.
Mandarin: A branch of the Chinese languages, consisting of many dialects; Guanhua or Beifanghua.
Scorpion: Someone with the Scorpio star sign.
Synoptic: One of the Synoptic Gospels.
Savannah: A Savannah cat.
Savannah: The Savannah sparrow (Passerculus sandwichensis).
Orthodox: An Orthodox Christian.
Orthodox: An Orthodox Jew.
Ukranian: Misspelling of Ukrainian.
Treasury: A government department responsible for the collection, management, and expenditure of public revenue.
Treasury: A bond (security) issued by such a department, in particular the United States Department of the Treasury.
Tomahawk: The BGM-109 Tomahawk Land Attack Missile (TLAM), a long-range, all-weather, subsonic cruise missile with stubby wings, which can be launched from a ship or submarine.
Xantippe: Alternative spelling of Xanthippe
Superman: Alternative letter-case form of superman: a man of extraordinary or seemingly superhuman powers.
Superman: A stunt in which the rider releases both hands from the handlebars in mid-air.
Superman: An exercise in which one lies prone and lifts one's arms and legs, with only the abdomen touching the ground.
Superman: A flavor of ice cream that is a mixture of blue moon ice cream, and other ice cream flavors that are colored red and yellow.
Wanderer: someone connected with any number of soccer clubs known as the Wanderers.
Sicilian: A native of Sicily.
Sicilian: Any chess opening that starts 1 e4 c5.
marshall: Alternative spelling of marshal
alsatian: Alternative letter-case form of Alsatian
scaphoid: Carpal navicular bone.
Zeppelin: A type of large dirigible rigid airship of the early 20th century, built by the German Luftschiffbau Zeppelin and designed to carry passengers or bombs.
Zeppelin: A rigid airship dirigible, not restricted to Germany nor the early 20th century.
cornmeal: Dried corn (maize) milled (ground) to a coarse meal.
urostomy: a surgically constructed opening in the urinary tract allowing urine to exit the body; the procedure of making such an opening.
Shanghai: Alternative letter-case form of shanghai in its various senses derived from the Chinese city.
gription: The property of gripping and providing traction.
capitate: The capitate bone of the wrist.
backfire: Alternative spelling of back fire
backfire: A premature explosion in the cylinder of a gas or oil engine during the exhaust or the compression stroke, tending to drive the piston in the wrong direction.
backfire: An explosion in the exhaust passages of an internal combustion engine.
backfire: An explosion in other equipment.
protégée: A female protégé.
einstein: One mole of photons, regardless of frequency, as used to measure irradiance.
einstein: A genius; a very smart person.
einstein: A genius; a very smart person.
einstein: An idiot; a very stupid person.
einstein: A shape that can be repeated to cover a plane with a nonrepeating pattern.
Titaness: A female Titan, any of the daughters of Uranus and Gaia.
boutique: A small shop, especially one that sells fashionable clothes, jewelry and the like.
boutique: A small shop located within a larger one.
boutique: A film production company making only a few movies per year.
boutique: Any company that has an exclusively smaller client base generally in a niche market or specializing in bespoke or custom-made products or services.
popsicle: Frozen fruit juice, flavored sugar water, or the like, on a stick, of a size to be one serving.
popsicle: Something cold or frozen.
poltroon: An ignoble or total coward; a dastard; a mean-spirited wretch.
franklin: A freeholder, especially as belonging to a class of landowners in the 14th and 15th century ranking at the bottom of the gentry.
wishlist: Alternative form of wish list
minneola: A cross between a tangerine and a grapefruit.
os coxae: The pelvis.
victoria: A kind of low four-wheeled pleasure carriage, with a calash top, designed for two persons and the driver who occupies a high seat in front.
didactyl: A didactyl animal.
daydream: A spontaneous series of thoughts while awake not connected to immediate reality.
grayling: Any freshwater fish of the genus Thymallus or specifically Thymallus thymallus, of the salmon family, having a large dorsal fin.
grayling: Other similar fish
grayling: Thymallus arcticus (Arctic grayling)
grayling: Other similar fish
grayling: Salmo salar (Atlantic salmon)
grayling: Other similar fish
grayling: Prototroctes spp. (Retropinnidae)
grayling: Prototroctes maraena (Australian grayling)
grayling: Other similar fish
grayling: Prototroctes spp. (Retropinnidae)
grayling: Prototroctes oxyrhynchus (New Zealand grayling)
grayling: A species of butterfly, Hipparchia semele, of the family Nymphalidae.
grayling: Other butterflies of genus Hipparchia.
grayling: Cercyonis pegala (common wood-nymph)
shouting: The action of the verb to shout.
sphenoid: The sphenoid bone.
sphenoid: A wedge-shaped crystal bounded by four equal isosceles triangles; the hemihedral form of a square pyramid.
banoffee: A British cream filling made from banana and toffee.
archaean: Any organism of the domain Archaea.
pissabed: The dandelion, formerly much used for its diuretic properties.
pissabed: Any of various other wild plants with diuretic properties; bluet, oxeye daisy, etc.
turbinal: A turbinate bone.
thoracic: One of a group of fishes having the ventral fins placed beneath the thorax or beneath the pectoral fins.
riparian: A person or other entity that lives or owns property along the shore of a river.
shinbone: The inner and usually the larger of the two bones of the leg or hind limb below the knee
shinbone: A segment of an insect's leg.
juggling: The art of moving objects, such as balls, clubs, beanbags, rings, etc. in an artful or artistic manner.
juggling: An act or instance of juggling; a reshuffle.
racquets: a game for two or four players, played in an enclosed court with a small hard fast-moving ball
heads-up: A warning or call to pay attention; an advisory notice; a notice of what is to happen; a holler.
heads-up: Involving two players. (usually said when there are only two players in the table; or, when all players except two folded)
sideline: A line at the side of something.
sideline: Something that is additional or extra or that exists around the edges or margins of a main item.
sideline: A line for hobbling an animal by connecting the fore and the hind feet of the same side.
sideline: A line defining the side boundary of a playing field. Used in Canadian football, field lacrosse and basketball.
sideline: The area outside the playing field beyond each sideline.
sideline: The outside or perimeter of any activity.
sideline: A secondary road, especially a byroad at right angles to a main road.
Teletext: A text-based information retrieval system using television sets with a suitable decoder; developed by the BBC.
quartile: Any of the three points that divide an ordered distribution into four parts, each containing a quarter of the population.
quartile: Any one of the four groups so divided.
kneejerk: Alternative spelling of knee-jerk
mediator: One who negotiates between parties seeking mutual agreement.
mediator: A chemical substance transmitting information to a targeted cell.
sesamoid: A sesamoid bone or sesamoid cartilage.
Teutonic: An ancient Germanic, or modern German, individual.
palatine: A feudal lord (ellipsis of count palatine.) or a bishop possessing palatine powers.
palatine: A palace official, especially in an imperial palace.
palatine: Ellipsis of county palatine..
palatine: A native or inhabitant of the Palatinate.
palatine: The Roman soldiers of the imperial palace.
palatine: A fur cape or stole for women which covers the neck and shoulders.
palatine: Ellipsis of palatine bone..
bordello: A brothel.
dutchman: A piece of wood or stone used to repair a larger piece, shaped such that it fills as exactly as possible a void or cavity that is to be repaired.
dutchman: A flaw or void repaired with such a piece.
dutchman: A cloth strip attached to a flat to conceal a joint.
dutchman: Ellipsis of Flying Dutchman.: a ghost ship
nicknack: Alternative spelling of knick-knack
billypot: A cooking pot.
billypot: A billycan used to boil tea.
lacrimal: Ellipsis of lacrimal bone..
lacrimal: Ellipsis of lacrimal vase..
piedmont: Any region of foothills of a mountain range.
catchall: Alternative form of catch-all
napoleon: The franc germinal: a 20-franc gold coin issued under Napoleon I of France.
napoleon: Other subsequent 20-franc coins, notes, or values.
napoleon: A person resembling Napoleon Bonaparte, (usually) in having come to dominate an area or sphere of activity through ruthlessness or illegality as well as surpassing ability.
napoleon: Clipping of Napoleon boot: a form of topboot worn by officers during the Napoleonic Wars.
napoleon: Clipping of Napoleon gun: a 12-pounder cannon first used by the Second French Empire.
napoleon: A 19th-century five-card trick-taking game simplified from euchre.
napoleon: Clipping of double napoleon: a form of patience.
napoleon: Alternative form of nap: a horse to go nap on, a sure thing, a certain winner; a prediction of such a horse; a bet on such a horse.
napoleon: Clipping of Napoleon bigarreau: a variety of the white-fleshed bigarreau cherry; a variety of cherry tree bearing such fruit.
napoleon: Clipping of Napoleon cake: another name for a millefeuille pastry.
napoleon: Clipping of Napoleon brandy: any excellent brandy; a serving of such a brandy.
napoleon: Short for Napoleon slice.
mop head: The end of a mop, to which the thrums or rags are fastened.
mop head: A clamp for holding the thrums or rags of a mop.
mop head: A type of thick rounded haircut similar to that worn by the Beatles in the early 1960s.
mop head: A person with unkempt hair that stands away from the head.
ice blue: A very pale blue colour.
namaskar: The use of the greeting in which one puts one's hands together and bows slightly; greeting with a namaste.
jingoism: Excessive patriotism or aggressive nationalism, especially with regards to foreign policy.
jingoism: A jingoistic attitude, comment, etc.
jingoism: Chauvinism.
old gold: a brownish gold colour
november: Alternative letter-case form of November from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
lamasery: A monastery for lamas.
bronchus: Either of two airways, which are primary branches of the trachea, leading directly into the lungs.
colorado: A cigar of medium color and strength.
colorado: A fish of the species Lutjanus colorado, the Colorado snapper.
choleric: A person with a choleric temperament.
choleric: A person suffering from cholera (infectious disease).
drive-by: A crime, such as a shooting, carried out from a moving vehicle.
namesake: One who is named after another or for whom another is named.
namesake: A ship or a building that is named after someone or something.
namesake: A person with the same name as another.
arterial: A high-capacity urban road.
peterman: A safecracker.
peterman: A fisherman.
peterman: A fishing boat with identical bow and stern.
riffraff: The rabble; crowds; the common people.
riffraff: Sweepings; refuse.
Eurostar: A train on these services.
Eurostar: A British Rail Class 373 (now largely superseded by Class 374) on any service.
highjack: Alternative spelling of hijack
pudendum: An external genital organ in a human; especially a woman’s vulva.
pudendum: A person’s genital organ, mons pubis, anus, and buttocks collectively.
pudendum: A shameful part of something.
giantism: Synonym of gigantism
cubewano: Any Kuiper belt object whose orbit is not determined by resonance with Neptune (orbit ~ 40-50 AU).
sulphate: Alternative spelling of sulfate
dividend: A cash payment of money by a company to its shareholders, usually made periodically (e.g., quarterly or annually).
dividend: A number or expression that is to be divided by another.
dividend: Beneficial results from a metaphorical investment (of time, effort, etc.)
arpeggio: The notes of a chord played individually instead of simultaneously, usually moving from lowest to highest.
best man: The primary attendant to the groom in a wedding ceremony.
best man: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see best, man.
mooncalf: An abnormal mass within the uterus; a false conception.
mooncalf: A poorly-conceived idea or plan.
mooncalf: A dreamer, someone absent-minded or distracted; a fool, simpleton.
feminist: an advocate of feminism; a person who believes in bringing about the equality of the sexes (of women and men) in all aspects of public and private life
feminist: a member of a feminist political movement
snapshot: A photograph, especially one taken quickly or in a sudden moment of opportunity.
snapshot: A glimpse of something; a portrayal of something at a moment in time.
snapshot: A file or set of files captured at a particular time, often capable of being reloaded to restore the earlier state.
snapshot: A quick, unplanned or unexpected shot.
snapshot: A quick offhand shot, made without deliberately taking aim over the sights.
decipher: A decipherment; a decoding.
quincunx: An arrangement of five units with four forming the corners of a square and the fifth at the centre of the square, a pattern corresponding to the five-spot on dice, playing cards, or dominoes.
quincunx: An angle of five-twelfths of a circle, or 150°, between two objects.
quincunx: A Galton board.
quincunx: A bronze coin minted during the Roman Republic, valued at five-twelfths of an as.
ale post: A post displaying a pub sign; an alestake.
tracklog: An ordered sequence of GPS coordinate measurements stored by a satellite navigation system.
duodenum: The first part of the small intestine, starting at the lower end of the stomach and extending to the jejunum.
magnolia: A tree or shrub in any species of the genus Magnolia, many with large flowers and simple leaves.
magnolia: The flower of a magnolia tree.
magnolia: A native or resident of the American state of Mississippi.
magnolia: A creamy white colour, like that of some magnolia flowers.
huntsman: A hunter.
huntsman: A fox hunter.
huntsman: One who manages the hounds during a hunt.
huntsman: Any of the many species of large spiders of the family Sparassidae.
aegrotat: A certificate indicating that a student is ill, excusing attendance at lectures and examinations and allowing courses to be passed without finishing the work.
aegrotat: An unclassified degree awarded to such a student.
gatherer: A person who gathers things.
gatherer: A person who collects rent or taxes.
gatherer: An attachment to a sewing machine for making gathers in the cloth.
gatherer: A worker who collects molten glass on the end of a rod preparatory to blowing.
cassette: A small flat case containing magnetic tape on two reels, used to record and play back audio and video material.
cassette: Any similar small cartridge, such as for a computer disk or cassette air conditioner
cassette: A lightproof container for photographic film.
cassette: A modular DNA sequence encoding one or more genes for a single biochemical function.
cassette: A set of sprockets mounted onto a splined shaft on the freehub.
cassette: A saggar (ceramic container used in a kiln)
huntress: A female hunter.
bantling: An infant or young child.
bantling: A bastard-child.
bantling: A brat.
retainer: Any thing or person that retains.
retainer: A dependent or follower of someone of rank.
retainer: A paid servant, especially one who has been employed for many years.
retainer: A fee one pays to reserve the other's time for services.
retainer: A device that holds teeth in position after orthodontic treatment.
retainer: A retaining valve.
catch-22: Alternative letter-case form of Catch-22.
feminazi: A radical or militant feminist who is intolerant of opposing views or who seeks female superiority over men.
backbite: One who engages in backbiting; a backbiter.
masthead: The top of a mast.
masthead: A list of a newspaper or other periodical's main staff, contributing writers, publisher, circulation, advertising rates etc.
masthead: The title (normally in a large and distinctive font) of a newspaper or other periodical at the top of the front page; (by extension) the publication itself or the rights to it.
masthead: The logo of a broadcaster used in an ident.
viridian: A bluish-green pigment made from chromium sesquioxide.
viridian: A bluish-green color.
hangover: Negative effects, such as headache or nausea, caused by previous drunkenness due to (excessive) consumption of alcohol.
hangover: Similar negative effects caused by previous excessive consumption of another substance, such as a drug, coffee, sugar, etc.
hangover: An unpleasant relic left from prior events.
hangover: A sleeping arrangement, usually in homeless shelters, over a rope.
Huguenot: A member of the Protestant Reformed Church of France during the 16th and 17th century.
alderman: A member of a municipal legislative body in a city or town.
alderman: A half-crown coin; its value, 30 pence.
alderman: A long pipe for smoking.
alderman: A potbelly, paunch.
flamewar: Alternative spelling of flame war
leftover: Something left behind; an excess or remainder.
leftover: Remaining after a meal is complete or eaten for a later meal or snack.
busywork: Alternative spelling of busy work
taqueria: A restaurant specializing in tacos and other Mexican food.
taquería: Alternative spelling of taqueria
handheld: Alternative spelling of hand-held
tartrate: any salt or ester of tartaric acid
stalwart: One who has a strong build.
stalwart: One who firmly supports a cause.
stalwart: One who is dependable.
flautist: One who plays the flute.
ekistics: The scientific study of human settlements, and the planning and design of cities and other communities.
windward: The direction from which the wind blows.
windward: The side receiving the wind's force.
escapade: A daring or adventurous act; an undertaking which goes against convention.
hairball: A small wad of fur or mass of hair formed in the digestive system of a cat or other animal, from hair ingested while grooming.
hairball: A messy, tangled, intractable issue.
lapidary: A person who cuts, polishes, engraves, or deals in gems.
lapidary: The field in which such a person works, a subfield of gemology.
lapidary: The process of such work.
lapidary: An expert in gems or precious stones; a connoisseur of lapidary work.
lapidary: A treatise on precious stones.
Dearborn: Alternative form of dearborn
internet: Internet access or connection; internet connectivity.
internet: Any set of computer networks that communicate using the Internet Protocol; an intranet.
internet: Collectively, the users of the Internet.
internet: A fictitious unit of scoring awarded for making outstanding posts on the internet.
dioptric: The branch of optics concerned with refraction.
dioptric: A dioptric telescope.
taffrail: The curved wooden top of the stern of a sailing man-of-war or East Indiaman, usually carved or decorated.
taffrail: The rail around the stern of a ship.
taffrail: The deck area at the stern of a vessel.
doomsday: The day when God is expected to judge the world; the end times.
doomsday: Judgement day; the day of the Final Judgment; any day of decisive judgement or final dissolution.
doomsday: Any day of great death and destruction; end of the world; an apocalypse.
doomsday: Any of the memorable dates used in the doomsday rule for computing weekdays from dates.
gibblets: Misspelling of giblets.
hard-ass: A tough and combative person.
headcase: A mentally unbalanced, unpredictable person, especially one who displays aggressive behavior.
headcase: A genetic sequence that inhibits terminal branching of the trachea and regulates dendrite pruning.
breather: Something or someone that breathes.
breather: A heavy breather.
breather: A short break; a rest or respite.
breather: A spatially localized, time-periodic excitation in a one-dimensional lattice.
breather: That which puts one out of breath, such as violent exercise.
breather: An air inlet path to the crankcase
go-ahead: Approval, agreement, or instruction to begin or proceed.
go-ahead: A flip-flop (footwear).
helpdesk: Alternative spelling of help desk
continuo: Synonym of basso continuo.
continuo: A member of the personal guard of the medieval and early modern Spanish or Portuguese kings.
cable TV: Alternative form of cable television
hot-desk: Alternative form of hot desk
hot desk: A desk, or workstation, used by different employees at different times.
aerology: The branch of meteorology involving the observation of the atmosphere by means of balloons, kites, rockets, drones, airplanes, etc.
aerology: The study of the air and of the atmosphere and technological methods involved. Used in the US Navy until early 1957 to encompass operations as well as scientific knowledge.
frottola: The predominant type of Italian popular secular song of the late fifteenth and early sixteenth century, and the most important and widespread predecessor to the madrigal.
can buoy: a truncated conical buoy, normally painted red and white, and numbered with even numbers, used to show the port side of a channel; the starboard side is marked with a conical buoy
coldcock: Alternative spelling of cold cock
sunblock: A sunscreen with high sun protection factor (SPF).
titanate: Any salt or ester of titanic acid.
uplander: A person from the uplands.
calabash: A tree (known as the calabash tree; Crescentia cujete) native to Central and South America, the West Indies, and southern Florida, bearing large, round fruit used to make containers (sense 3); the fruit of this tree.
calabash: The bottle gourd (calabash vine, Lagenaria siceraria), believed to have originated in Africa, which is grown for its fruit that are used as a vegetable and to make containers (sense 3); the fruit of this plant.
calabash: A container made from the mature, dried shell of the fruit of one of the above plants; also, a similarly shaped container made from some other material.
calabash: A calabash and its contents; as much as fills such a container.
calabash: A musical instrument, most commonly a drum or rattle, made from a calabash fruit.
cladding: Clothing; clothes.
cladding: Any hard coating, bonded onto the outside of something to add protection, such as the plastic sheath around an optical fibre.
cladding: A weatherproof, insulating or decorative covering fixed to the outside of a building.
upholder: Someone who upholds something.
upholder: A dealer in secondhand furniture and clothes; an upholdster.
upstroke: The upward stroke of a pen, brush, piston, etc.
valerate: any salt or ester of valeric acid
cronyism: Favouritism to friends without regard for their qualifications; especially (politics), in their appointment to political positions.
cronyism: The condition of being friends; friendship; also, the ability or inclination to make friends.
apiology: The scientific study of bees and honey-making.
equality: The fact of being equal.
equality: The fact of being equal, of having the same value.
equality: The equal treatment of people irrespective of social or cultural differences.
avionics: The science and technology of the development and use of electrical and electronic devices in aviation.
meretrix: A prostitute in Ancient Rome.
vanadate: any salt of vanadic acid
vanadate: any of the corresponding anions, VO₃, VO₄, or V₂O₇
intifada: An insurrection; a usually violent attempt to take control of a government.
intifada: An uprising, resistant struggle or rebellious protest, especially the Palestinian uprisings against Israel.
urbanist: A person who studies cities and their growth.
urbanist: An urban planner.
Horlicks: A hot bedtime drink made with malted milk.
Horlicks: Bollocks, a mess or balls-up.
Horlicks: Bollocks, nonsense, false statements.
pastiche: A work of art, drama, literature, music, or architecture that imitates the work of a previous artist.
pastiche: A musical medley, typically quoting other works.
pastiche: An incongruous mixture; a hodgepodge.
pastiche: A postmodern playwriting technique that fuses a variety of styles, genres, and story lines to create a new form.
areology: The scientific observation and study of the planet Mars's geology; geology of Mars.
urochord: a notochord that is limited to the caudal region; especially in the Urochordata
urochord: any marine organism of the Urochordata
hostelry: An inn that provides overnight accommodation for travellers (and, originally, their horses).
hostelry: The art and skill of guest management at a commercial facility such as a hotel, inn, motel, bed and breakfast, or hostel.
playpipe: A rigid extension to a fire hose that provides a gripping surface for fire fighting personnel. Typically a pipe with handles that attaches to the end of a fire hose and has a nozzle attached to it.
ischemia: Local disturbance in blood circulation due to mechanical obstruction of the blood supply (for example, embolism, thrombosis, or vasoconstriction).
urbanity: Behaviour that is polished, refined, courteous.
urbanity: Urbanness.
urbanism: The study of cities, their geographic, economic, political, social, and cultural environment.
urbanism: The culture or way of life of people who live in cities.
urbanism: Urbanization.
urbanism: Urban planning.
uroscopy: the diagnostic examination of urine
hypnosis: A trancelike state, artificially induced, in which a person has a heightened suggestibility, and in which suppressed memories may be experienced.
hypnosis: Any of various sleep-like conditions.
hypnosis: The art or skill of hypnotism.
urticant: Such a substance.
algology: The branch of botany dealing with algae.
algology: The medical treatment of pain as practiced in Greece and Turkey.
monitory: a written letter giving admonition
cachette: A hidden nook; a hiding place.
upstream: Part of the river towards the upstream direction.
upstream: The original developers or maintainers of software.
guerilla: Alternative spelling of guerrilla
squiggle: A short twisting or wiggling line or mark.
squiggle: Synonym of tilde.
squiggle: An illegible scrawl.
scramjet: A jet engine capable of propelling an aircraft at hypersonic speeds, in which combustion of the fuel/air mixture occurs at supersonic speeds.
autostop: A coupon-based system of hitchhiking.
autostop: An automatic stopping mechanism or system.
dog dirt: Dog feces.
defender: Someone who defends people or property.
defender: One of the players whose primary task is to prevent the opposition from scoring.
defender: A fighter who seeks to repel an attack.
defender: A lawyer who represents defendants, especially a public defender; a defense attorney (US) or defence counsel (UK).
defender: A defendant in a civil action.
pressing: The application of pressure by a press or other means.
pressing: A metal or plastic part made with a press.
pressing: The process of improving the appearance of clothing by improving creases and removing wrinkles with a press or an iron.
pressing: A memento preserved by pressing, folding, or drying between the leaves of a flat container, book, or folio. Usually done with a flower, ribbon, letter, or other soft, small keepsake.
pressing: The extraction of juice from fruit using a press.
pressing: A phonograph record; a number of records pressed at the same time.
pressing: Urgent insistence.
wuderove: Obsolete form of woodruff.
tail end: The hindmost part of anything (a person, animal, or object), the rear end; the butt, buttocks; hindquarters, rump.
tail end: The last part of a period of time, event, or situation; the concluding or final part.
woodruff: Galium odoratum, an aromatic herb.
indexing: A system used to assign indexes.
retrofit: An act of supplying a device, structure, etc., with new components or parts that were not previously available or installed; a retrofitting.
retrofit: A change made to a device, structure, etc., by introducing components or parts that were not previously available or installed.
boom box: A powerful portable audio system for listening collectively to recorded or broadcast sound.
valerian: A hardy perennial flowering plant, Valeriana officinalis, with heads of sweetly scented pink or white flowers.
valerian: More generally, any plant of the genus Valeriana.
valerian: The root of Valeriana officinalis, used in herbal medicine.
valerian: An extract of the dried roots of the Valeriana officinalis used in herbal medicine as a sedative.
swelling: The state of being swollen.
swelling: Anything swollen, especially any abnormally swollen part of the body.
swelling: A rising, as of passion or anger.
malarkey: Nonsense; rubbish.
smartass: Synonym of know-it-all, an obnoxious clever person or a person making obnoxious efforts to seem clever.
smartass: An insolent person, especially one who makes snide remarks.
take-off: Alternative form of takeoff
jeremiad: A long speech or prose work that bitterly laments the state of society and its morals, and often contains a prophecy of its coming downfall.
cilantro: The stems and leaves of the coriander plant, Coriandrum sativum, used as a seasoning and garnish in cooking.
boylover: A pedophile or hebephile who is attracted to boys.
takeaway: A restaurant that sells food to be eaten elsewhere.
takeaway: A meal which has been purchased and has been carefully packaged as to be taken and consumed elsewhere.
takeaway: The preliminary part of a golfer′s swing when the club is brought back away from the ball.
takeaway: A concession made by a labor union in the course of negotiations.
takeaway: An idea from a talk, presentation, etc., that the listener or reader should remember and consider.
Reverend: A title indicating respect, prefixed to the names of Christian clergy.
Reverend: Alternative letter-case form of reverend: a person who has received this designation and is entitled to use it publicly: a minister.
emission: Something which is emitted or sent out; issue.
emission: The act of emitting; the act of sending forth or putting into circulation.
emission: A show; a program.
angelica: A tall plant, with hollow stems, genus Angelica, especially garden angelica (Angelica archangelica).
angelica: Candied stems of the plant, used to decorate cookies.
angelica: Species of Aralia.
angelica: Synonym of angélique (“musical instrument”)
becoming: The act or process by which something becomes.
pockmark: A mark or scar in the skin caused by a pock.
pockmark: A crater in the seafloor caused by erupting gas or liquid.
newscast: A broadcast of the news; a news report that is transmitted over the air for television, radio, etc.
fidelity: Faithfulness to one's duties.
fidelity: Loyalty to one's spouse or partner, including abstention from cheating or extramarital affairs.
fidelity: Accuracy, or exact correspondence to some given quality or fact.
fidelity: The degree to which a system accurately reproduces an input.
reverend: A member of the Christian clergy; a minister.
Majorism: The political and economic policies of the British Conservative prime minister Sir John Major.
tactical: A combinator of proof tactics.
tactical: A private war reenactment event involving mock battles or skirmishes.
abhesive: an abhesive substance, such as Teflon.
wildcard: A character that takes the place of any other character or string that is not known or specified.
wildcard: An uncontrolled or unpredictable element.
wildcard: An element, often deliberately concealed, which is withheld for contingency.
wildcard: Alternative form of wild card.
lecturer: A person who gives lectures, especially as a profession.
lecturer: A member of a university or college below the rank of assistant professor or reader.
lecturer: A member of the Church of England clergy whose main task was to deliver sermons (lectures) in the afternoons and evenings.
tally-ho: Alternative spelling of tallyho
tameness: The state or quality of being tame.
tameness: The result or product of being tame.
sea bird: Alternative spelling of seabird
fishmeal: Ground dried fish, used mainly for livestock feed.
drawback: A disadvantage; something that detracts or takes away.
drawback: A partial refund of an import fee, as when goods are re-exported from the country that collected the fee.
drawback: The inhalation of a lungful of smoke from a cigarette.
humidity: Dampness, especially that of the air.
humidity: The amount of water vapour in the air.
drainage: A natural or artificial means for the removal of fluids from a given area by its draining away.
drainage: A system of drains.
drainage: A downward wind.
dominoes: Any of several games played by arranging domino tiles on a flat surface.
Galliano: Liquore Galliano L'Autentico, a bright yellow Italian liqueur flavoured with herbs, star anise and vanilla, and used in several cocktails including Harvey Wallbanger
filename: The name assigned to a file in a file system.
reproach: A mild rebuke, or an implied criticism.
reproach: Disgrace or shame.
reproach: An object of scorn.
garnison: garrison (military post or the troops stationed at it)
artifice: A crafty but underhanded deception.
artifice: A trick played out as an ingenious, but artful, ruse.
artifice: A strategic maneuver that uses some clever means to avoid detection or capture.
artifice: A tactical move to gain advantage.
artifice: Something made with technical skill; a contrivance.
presunto: A dry-cured Portuguese ham.
bohemium: Former name of rhenium.
avulsion: The loss or separation of a body part, either by surgery or due to trauma
avulsion: An abrupt change in the course of a river, typically from one channel to another
avulsion: Movement of soil during a flood, or during a change in the course of a river, especially when a resulting change of land ownership is involved
checksum: A number, derived by applying a suitable algorithm to some data, used to check whether errors have occurred in transmission, storage or data entry.
mulligan: Ellipsis of mulligan stew.
mulligan: An unpenalized chance to re-take a stroke that went awry.
mulligan: An opportunity (sometimes penalized) for a player to reshuffle their cards and draw a new initial hand at the beginning of a game.
mulligan: A second chance.
attercop: A spider.
attercop: A peevish or ill-natured person.
spritzer: A chilled long drink, made from white wine and soda water, or fruit juice and soda water.
spritzer: A windscreen washer.
spritzer: A spray bottle.
prostate: The prostate gland.
anisette: A French alcoholic liqueur flavored with anise
footnote: A short piece of text, often numbered, placed at the bottom of a printed page, that adds a comment, citation, reference etc, to a designated part of the main text.
footnote: An event of lesser importance than some larger event to which it is related.
footnote: A qualification to the import of something.
landfill: A site at which refuse is buried under layers of earth.
landfill: The material so disposed of.
œnomancy: Archaic form of oenomancy.
cicatrix: A scar that remains after the development of new tissue over a recovering wound or sore (also used figuratively).
tapestry: A heavy woven cloth, often with decorative pictorial designs, normally hung on walls.
tapestry: Anything with variegated or complex details.
restorer: Something or someone that restores.
rapidity: speed, swiftness; the condition of being rapid
rapidity: A measure of velocity relative to the speed of light
rapidity: A measure of the velocity of a particle in a beam relative to the beam's axis
diuresis: Excessive production of urine; polyuria.
diuresis: (more often) The physiologic process that produces such an increase.
diuresis: (most often) The administration of medications to encourage that process.
fellator: One who performs fellatio.
Bohemian: A native or resident of Bohemia.
Bohemian: A Gypsy, a Romani.
Bohemian: Alternative letter-case form of bohemian; someone known for flouting social conventions, especially someone involved in the arts.
proedria: The grassy area that separated the orchestra from the audience; or the front rows of the audience.
proedria: The right to sit in front seats at the theatre, public games, etc
bohemian: A person, especially an artist or writer, who lives an unconventional or nonconformist lifestyle.
reporter: Someone or something that reports.
reporter: A journalist who investigates, edits and reports news stories for newspapers, radio and television.
reporter: A person who records and issues official reports of judicial or legislative proceedings.
reporter: A case reporter; a bound volume of printed legal opinions from a particular jurisdiction.
reporter: A gene attached by a researcher to a regulatory sequence of another gene of interest, typically used as an indication of whether a certain gene has been taken up by or expressed in the cell or organism population.
bestowal: The act of bestowing.
marzipan: A confection made from a paste of almonds, sugar and egg white as a binder.
marzipan: A similar confection made using another nut, such as peanut or hazelnut.
marzipan: A piece of such a confection.
literacy: The ability to read and write.
literacy: The ability to understand and evaluate something.
apomixis: Plant reproduction without fertilization.
apomixis: Plant reproduction without fertilization, meiosis, or the production of gametes.
apomixis: Animal reproduction in which the egg cell does not undergo meiosis or fertilization.
expellee: One who is expelled.
literate: A person who is able to read and write.
literate: A person who was educated but had not taken a university degree; especially a candidate to take holy orders.
gasoduct: a gas pipeline.
dreadful: A shocker: a report of a crime written in a provokingly lurid style.
dreadful: A journal or broadsheet printing such reports.
dreadful: A shocking or sensational crime.
Godspeed: The wishing of someone a smooth journey, or success, especially at a parting; (countable) a statement expressing this.
Godspeed: Chiefly in in the Godspeed of: the most important part of something, or point at which something happens; also, the last minute or last moment.
Godspeed: In back of Godspeed: a distant, remote, or unknown place.
stripper: Someone who removes their clothing in a sexually provocative manner, especially as a form of paid entertainment.
stripper: A chemical or tool used to remove paint, sheathing, etc. from something.
stripper: A tool used to strip tubing: to empty it by applying pressure to the outside of the tubing and moving that pressure along the tubing.
stripper: A cow that has nearly stopped giving milk, so that it can be obtained from her only by stripping.
stripper: A playing card that has been trimmed so that a cheat can recognise it from the back.
stripper: A stripper clip.
glancing: A sideways look; a glance.
lawmaker: One who makes or enacts laws.
tea tray: A tray for holding a tea service.
tea room: Alternative form of tearoom: a cafe or a public lavatory.
embolism: An obstruction or occlusion of an blood vessel by an embolus, that is by a blood clot, air bubble or other matter that has been transported by the blood stream.
embolism: The insertion or intercalation of days into the calendar in order to correct the error arising from the difference between the civil year and the solar year.
embolism: An intercalated prayer for deliverance from evil coming after the Lord's Prayer.
embolism: The variable body of a liturgical preface, between the protocol and eschatocol, typically stating the motive for worship on a given day.
tearaway: An impetuous and reckless person who is difficult to control; a hothead.
modified: Any vehicle used in modified racing.
roentgen: Alternative form of röntgen
tubercle: A round nodule, small eminence, or warty outgrowth, especially those found on bones for the attachment of a muscle or ligament or small elevations on the surface of a tooth.
tubercle: A small rounded wartlike protuberance of the roots of some leguminous plants; the lip of certain orchids, cacti.
tubercle: A small rounded nodule forming the characteristic lesion of tuberculosis.
polypore: Any of a group of tough, leathery poroid mushrooms similar to boletes but typically lacking a distinct stalk.
cranefly: Any of various large flies of the suborder Tipulomorpha that have slender bodies and very long legs and that resemble giant mosquitoes.
emphatic: An emphatic consonant.
emphatic: A word or phrase adding emphasis, such as "a lot" or "really".
teamwork: The cooperative effort of a team of people to achieve a common goal.
arsenide: An ion that is an arsenic atom with three extra electrons and charge −3.
arsenide: A compound with arsenic in oxidation state −3.
trotline: A long fishing line with many shorter lines and hooks attached to it (usually suspended between buoys).
Blairite: A supporter of Tony Blair, British prime minister from 1997 to 2007, or his policies.
teardrop: a single tear (clear, salty liquid secreted by the eye).
teardrop: The shape of a drop of liquid about to fall. (Note that once detached from a surface, a drop changes shape to become spherical).
compline: The last of the canonical hours, sung just before retiring to bed.
mobility: The ability to move; capacity for movement.
mobility: A tendency to sudden change; mutability, changeableness.
mobility: The ability of a military unit to move or be transported to a new position.
mobility: The degree to which particles of a liquid or gas are in movement.
mobility: People's ability to move between different social levels or professional occupations.
teething: The eruption, through the gums, of the milk teeth; dentition.
bear pit: A bear garden; a place where bears are kept.
bear pit: A question and answer forum with a group of politicians.
bear pit: A chaotic scene.
beer run: A trip made, often late at night, to obtain beer or other alcoholic beverages.
co-pilot: Britain standard spelling of copilot.
exocrine: The secretion of an exocrine gland.
exocrine: An exocrine gland.
pen-name: Alternative form of pen name
taxpayer: A person who is subject to, liable for, or pays tax as opposed to a nontaxpayer who is neither the subject nor the object of revenue laws.
taxpayer: All of the people, collectively, in a population who pay tax (especially used in the context of the government financing something using the tax revenue).
backache: Any pain or ache in the back.
morphing: The smooth transformation of one image into another using digital tweening.
checkout: The process of checking out of a hotel, or the latest time to vacate a room in one.
checkout: The process of checking out items at a supermarket or library.
checkout: The place in a supermarket where this is done.
checkout: The process of confirming and paying for an online purchase.
checkout: A test to see if some device is functioning properly.
checkout: An inspection or investigation.
checkout: The number of points that a player scores on their final, winning visit to the oche.
birdcage: A cage to keep pet or zoological specimen birds in.
birdcage: A game of chance played with dice; chuck-a-luck.
tweening: A technique in film animation for generating intermediate frames such that one image evolves smoothly into the next.
blow job: Alternative spelling of blowjob
Bicolano: A native inhabitant or resident of the Bicol Region, Philippines.
telecast: A television broadcast, especially outside of a studio.
congener: A plant or animal of the same taxonomic genus as another.
congener: A person or thing similar in behavior or nature to another.
congener: Any of a group of structurally related compounds.
congener: Any of several alcohols, other than ethanol, that are found in fermented and distilled alcoholic drinks, and are partially responsible for their flavour and character.
tuppence: Two pence (in pre- or post-decimalisation currency).
tuppence: Short for tuppence worth (“one’s opinion”).
tuppence: The vulva or vagina.
hidrosis: The formation and excretion of sweat; sweating; perspiration; and (sometimes, more particularly):
hidrosis: The formation and excretion of sweat; sweating; perspiration; and (sometimes, more particularly)
hidrosis: The formation and excretion of sweat; sweating; perspiration; and (sometimes, more particularly):
hidrosis: Excessive sweating; excessive perspiration (more than would be expected in response to a given stimulus; especially when profuse as a symptom of disease or a side effect of a drug).
dangling: The act of hanging something so that it can move freely; suspension.
dangling: The act of following or trailing around.
superset: (symbol: ⊇) With respect to another set, a set such that each of the elements of the other set is also an element of the set.
superset: Two or more different physical exercises performed back to back, without a period of rest between them. The exercises may employ the same muscle group, or opposing muscle groups.
revision: The process of revising:
revision: The action or process of reviewing, editing and amending.
revision: The process of revising:
revision: The action or process of reviewing something previously learned, especially one′s notes in preparation for a test or examination.
revision: A changed edition, or new version; a modification.
revision: A story corrected or expanded by a writer commissioned by the original author.
crevasse: A crack or fissure in a glacier or snowfield; a chasm.
crevasse: A breach in a canal or river bank.
crevasse: Any cleft or fissure.
crevasse: A discontinuity or “gap” between the accounted variables and an observed outcome.
glasnost: 1980s and early 1990s policy of the Soviet Union under Gorbachev to allow more government transparency; often paired with perestroika
crossref: cross-reference
sex shop: A shop that sells sex toys, erotic lingerie, pornography etc.
web page: A single hypertext document (transmitted as HTML) on the World Wide Web, often hyperlinked to others, and intended to be viewed with a web browser.
web page: A website, by extension from the home page of the site.
perianth: The sterile parts of a flower; collectively, the sepals and petals (or tepals).
perianth: The sterile, tubelike tissue that surrounds the female reproductive structure in a leafy liverwort.
lothario: Alternative letter-case form of Lothario
pacifist: One who loves, supports, or favours peace.
pacifist: One who prefers to avoid violence in daily life.
pacifist: One who loves, supports, or favours peace.
pacifist: One who is anti-war.
pacifist: One who loves, supports, or favours peace.
pacifist: One who both abstains from inflicting violence on others and opposes others doing so.
pacifist: One who loves, supports, or favours peace.
pacifist: A player who attempts the challenge of winning a game without attacking any enemy characters.
aedeagus: A copulatory organ of some male insects.
elk test: moose test
warranty: A guarantee that a certain outcome or obligation will be fulfilled; security.
warranty: An obsolete legal agreement that was a real covenant and ran with the land, whereby the grantor and his heirs of a piece of real estate held in freehold were required to officially guarantee their claim and plead one’s case for the title. If evicted by someone with a superior claim (paramount title) they were also required to hand over other real estate of equal value in recompense. It has now been replaced by personal covenants and the covenant of warranty.
warranty: An obsolete legal agreement that was a real covenant and ran with the land, whereby the grantor and his heirs of a piece of real estate held in freehold were required to officially guarantee their claim and plead one’s case for the title. If evicted by someone with a superior claim (paramount title) they were also required to hand over other real estate of equal value in recompense. It has now been replaced by personal covenants and the covenant of warranty.
warranty: A covenant, also called the covenant of warranty, whereby the grantor assures the grantee that he or she not be subject to the claims of someone with a paramount title, thereby guaranteeing the status of the title that is being conveyed.
warranty: A legal agreement, either written or oral (an expressed warranty) or implied through the actions of the buyer and seller (an implied warranty), which states that the goods or property in question will be in exactly the same state as promised, such as in a sale of an item or piece of real estate.
warranty: A written guarantee, usually over a fixed period, provided to someone who buys a product or item, which states that repairs will be provided free of charge in case of damage or a fault.
warranty: A stipulation of an insurance policy made by an insuree, guaranteeing that the facts of the policy are true and the insurance risk is as stated, which if not fulfilled renders the policy void.
warranty: Justification or mandate to do something, especially in terms of one’s personal conduct.
junk DNA: Any portion of the DNA sequence of a chromosome or a genome with no apparent function.
tomogram: A two-dimensional image produced by tomography, representing a slice or section through a three-dimensional object.
tenement: A building that is rented to multiple tenants, especially a low-rent, run-down one.
tenement: Any form of property that is held by one person from another, rather than being owned.
tenement: Dwelling; abode; habitation.
scallion: A spring onion, Allium fistulosum.
scallion: Any of various similar members of the genus Allium.
scallion: Any onion that lacks a fully developed bulb.
scallion: A leek.
tempting: The act of subjecting somebody to temptation.
alluvial: A deposition of sediment over a long period of time by a river; an alluvial layer.
alluvial: Alluvial soil; specifically, in Australia, gold-bearing alluvial soil.
alluvium: soil, clay, silt or gravel deposited by flowing water, as it slows, in a river bed, delta, estuary or flood plain
softness: The quality of being soft.
bum rush: Storming into an establishment.
Lothario: A man whose chief interest is seducing, usually women.
swishing: The sound of fabric or fur moving in the air.
swishing: The movement that produces such a sound.
swishing: A switching; a beating with twigs.
swishing: The mutual exchange of pre-owned clothes, especially at an organised party.
crummock: A staff with a crooked head or stem.
crummock: skirret, a root vegetable
cavatina: An operatic song in slow tempo, either complete in itself or (e.g., in Bellini and Verdi) followed by a faster, more resolute section: hence
cavatina: A rather slow, song-like instrumental movement; the title, for example, of a movement in Beethoven's string quartet in B flat, op. 130 (1826) and of a once-famous piece (originally for violin and piano) by Raff, and of the slow movement of Rubra's string quartet No. 2.
departed: A dead person or persons.
drinking: An act or session by which drink is consumed, especially alcoholic beverages.
bondsman: A male slave.
bondsman: A male indentured servant.
bondsman: Someone who signs a bond that states that they have taken responsibility for someone else's obligations.
quarters: The place where someone or something lives
quarters: A commonly played university drinking game in North America.
quarters: Quarterfinals.
stepdame: A stepmother.
cogwheel: A gear wheel.
cogwheel: Something behaving in a jerky manner similar to a cogwheel, e.g. cogwheel respiration as a side effect of hyperbaric medicine.
advocacy: The profession of an advocate.
advocacy: The act of arguing in favour of, or supporting someone or something.
advocacy: The practice of supporting someone to make their voice heard.
hurcheon: A hedgehog.
ignorant: One who is ignorant.
backdrop: A decorated cloth hung at the back of a stage.
backdrop: An image that serves as a visual background.
backdrop: The setting or background of an acted performance.
backdrop: Any background situation.
systolic: Short for systolic blood pressure.
virement: The transfer of a surplus from one account to cover a deficit in another.
inverter: Something that inverts, or causes inversion.
inverter: A power inverter.
en suite: Alternative form of ensuite
aposthia: Congenital absence of a foreskin.
epicycle: A small circle whose centre is on the circumference of a larger circle; in Ptolemaic astronomy it was seen as the basis of revolution of the "seven planets", given a fixed central Earth.
epicycle: Any circle whose circumference rolls around that of another circle, thus creating a hypocycloid or epicycloid.
epicycle: A ring of atoms joining parts of an already cyclic compound
epicycle: An ad hoc complication added to a model to make it fit the known data
bent car: A stolen car.
gashouse: gasworks
con game: A swindle in which the mark, or victim, is defrauded after his or her trust has been won.
slugfest: A baseball game in which many runs are scored, especially by home runs.
slugfest: A game or match in which heavy blows are exchanged.
slugfest: A tough, heated contest.
null set: A negligible set; set of zero measure.
null set: The empty set.
potbelly: A large, swollen, or protruding abdomen; a paunch. [from c.]
potbelly: A large, swollen, or protruding abdomen; a paunch.
potbelly: A potbelly stove.
potbelly: A Vietnamese Pot-bellied pig.
philtrum: The shallow vertical groove running from the nasal septum to the center of the upper lip.
philtrum: The junction between the two halves of an animal's upper lip or nose.
vigorish: A charge taken on bets, as by a bookie or gambling establishment.
vigorish: The interest on a loan of money, especially for loans made by a usurer or loan shark.
vigorish: An amount owed on account of or payment of a bookie's charge or of interest.
vigorish: A commission or similar extra charge.
acidhead: A person who uses the hallucinogenic drug LSD.
fag stag: A heterosexual man who socializes with or enjoys the company of homosexual men.
geminate: A doubled or repeated letter or speech sound.
passroll: A shot in the game of croquet which consists of moving both the striker ball and the croqueted ball together at about the same distance and possibly having the striker ball move farther than the croqueted ball with the stroke.
fastball: Any of the variations of high speed pitches thrown in baseball
fastball: A four-seam fastball, which is a backspin pitch thrown with a ball gripped in the direction to cause four of the seams of the ball to cross the flight path and released with roughly equal pressure by the index and middle fingers
diastole: The phase or process of relaxation and dilation of the heart chambers, between contractions, during which they fill with blood; an instance of the process.
diastole: The lengthening of a vowel or syllable beyond its typical length.
diastole: The hypodiastole, a textual or punctuation mark formerly used to disambiguate homonyms in Greek.
outfield: The region of the field between the infield and the outer fence.
outfield: The region of the field roughly outside of the infield or the wicket-keeper, slips, gully, point, cover, mid off, mid on, midwicket and square leg.
outfield: The area outside a racetrack or running track.
outfield: Arable land continually cropped without being manured.
outfield: Any open field at a distance from the farmsteading.
flashing: A sudden blazing or bursting, as of fire or water.
flashing: Components used to weatherproof or seal roof system edges at perimeters, penetrations, walls, expansion joints, valleys, drains and other places where the roof covering is interrupted or terminated.
flashing: The process of getting rid of gaps on shelves by bringing products from the back of the shelf to the front to create a 'fuller' shelf.
flashing: The blinking of a light source, such as a light bulb or computer's cursor.
flashing: The exposing of one's naked body, or part of it, in public briefly (the action of the verb to flash).
flashing: The use of rhodium plating to temporarily enhance a ring's durability and shine.
leg slip: a fielding position on the leg side of the wicket-keeper, designed to catch a ball after it hits the bat and deflects by a small amount
leg side: The side of the pitch on the same side as the batsman's legs as he takes his stance at the wicket; the left side for a right-handed batsman.
leg spin: A style of bowling in which a (right-handed) bowler spins the ball such that, after bouncing, it moves from leg to off (for a right-handed batsman).
off spin: A style of bowling in which a (right-handed) bowler spins the ball such that, after pitching, it moves from off to leg (for a right-handed batsman).
chemurgy: A branch of applied chemistry that is concerned with preparing industrial products from agricultural raw materials.
home run: A four-base hit, allowing the batter to circle the bases and reach home safely in one play without any errors being committed by the defensive team.
home run: The portion of a journey that ends at home.
home run: A success; especially, a popular success.
home run: Sexual intercourse.
home run: A connection from a central distribution point or circuit breaker to a destination.
off side: The side of the pitch away from the batsman's legs as he takes his stance at the wicket; the right side for a right-handed batsman.
off side: The right-hand side of a horse.
cerebrum: The principal and most anterior part of the brain in vertebrates, which is located in the front area of the skull and divided into two hemispheres, left and right, separated by a fissure. In humans it is the largest part of the brain and is responsible for the integration of complex sensory functions and the initiation and coordination of voluntary activity, and the higher mental functions such as consciousness, thought, reason, emotion, and memory.
sidespin: Rotation around a vertical axis that makes a ball or other object curve in flight.
skittles: A pub game in which a ball is rolled down a wooden alley in order to knock down as many of the nine skittles as possible.
skittles: An informal form of chess played without a clock.
take out: Misspelling of takeout.
knuckler: A knuckleball.
cardioid: An epicycloid with exactly one cusp; the plane curve with polar equation ρ=1+ cos ,θ - approximately heart-shaped
radiator: Anything which radiates or emits rays.
radiator: A device that lowers engine coolant temperature by conducting heat to the air, through metal fins.
radiator: A finned metal fixture that carries hot water or steam in order to heat a room.
radiator: A type of antenna.
goofball: A foolish or silly person or animal.
goofball: A pill or tablet containing a pharmaceutical which has hypnotic or intoxicating effects, especially a barbiturate.
haystack: A mound, pile, or stack of stored hay.
haystack: A standing wave in a rapid.
haystack: The text string within which another string is searched for. (see: needle in a haystack)
haystack: A dish composed of a starchy food (rice, tortillas, crackers, etc.) topped by a protein (beans, cheese, meat, etc.) in combination with fresh vegetables, assembled on the plate by the diner.
brethren: kinsmen
convenor: One who assembles people for an official or public purpose.
convenor: A lecturer who takes on the mantle of managing a specific course.
Spansule: A capsule designed to release drugs at a steady rate over a period of hours; a sustained-release capsule.
spinning: The motion of something that spins.
spinning: The process of converting fibres into yarn or thread.
spinning: Indoor cycling on an exercise bicycle.
overdoor: A decoration, usually a painting, that is placed above a doorway.
bootjack: a V-shaped, or forked, device for pulling off boots.
emulsion: A stable suspension of small droplets of one liquid in another with which it is immiscible.
emulsion: A colloid in which both phases are liquid.
emulsion: The coating of photosensitive silver halide grains in a thin gelatine layer on a photographic film.
porphyry: a hard igneous rock consisting of large crystals in a fine-grained matrix
porphyry: a hard igneous rock consisting of large crystals in a fine-grained matrix
porphyry: A purple-red rock of this kind.
ignostic: One who holds to ignosticism.
twisting: gerund of twist
twisting: The disreputable practice of selling unnecessary insurance to a customer in order to earn commission.
highball: A cocktail made from a spirit plus soda water etc.
highball: An all clear or full speed ahead signal.
highball: A very high bouldering problem, often with a hard landing.
highball: Short for highball glass.
up quark: A quark having a fractional electric charge of +2/3 and a mass of about 1.5 to 4 MeV.
up quark: Symbol: u
dendrite: A slender projection of a nerve cell which conducts nerve impulses from a synapse to the body of the cell; a dendron.
dendrite: Slender cell process emanating from the cell bodies of dendritic cells and follicular dendritic cells of the immune system.
dendrite: Tree-like structure of crystals growing as material crystallizes
dendrite: A hermit who lived in a tree
intimacy: Feeling or atmosphere of closeness and openness towards someone else, often but not necessarily involving sexuality.
intimacy: Intimate relationship.
meantime: The time spent waiting for another event; time in between.
gravamen: A grievance complained of.
gravamen: A grievance complained of.
gravamen: A document sent by the Lower House of Convocation to the Upper House to inform the latter of certain grievances in the church.
gravamen: The essence or ground of a complaint.
gravamen: The essence or most important aspect of a piece of writing, a point of argument, etc.; the gist.
gravamen: A formal charge or complaint.
luchador: A Mexican professional wrestler, frequently (but not always) masked
daylight: The light from the Sun, as opposed to that from any other source.
daylight: A light source that simulates daylight.
daylight: The intensity distribution of light over the visible spectrum generated by the Sun under various conditions or by other light sources intended to simulate natural daylight.
daylight: The period of time between sunrise and sunset.
daylight: Daybreak.
daylight: Exposure to public scrutiny.
daylight: A clear, open space.
daylight: The space between platens on a press or similar machinery.
daylight: Emotional or psychological distance between people, or disagreement.
daylight: The gap between the top of a drinking-glass and the level of drink it is filled with.
platelet: A small colorless disk-shaped particle found in the blood of mammals, which plays an important role in the formation of blood clots.
detector: A device capable of registering a specific substance or physical phenomenon, and that optionally sounds an alarm or triggers a warning.
detector: An indicator showing the depth of the water in a boiler.
detector: A device capable of registering a specific substance or physical phenomenon, and that optionally sounds an alarm or triggers a warning.
detector: A galvanometer, usually portable, for indicating the direction of a current.
detector: A device capable of registering a specific substance or physical phenomenon, and that optionally sounds an alarm or triggers a warning.
lockring: A threaded washer used to prevent components from become loose during rotation. They are found on a bottom bracket and a track hub.
tidemark: a line (of seaweed or differently coloured sand etc) on the shore showing the level of high or low tide
tidemark: any mark showing the limit of some past activity
tidemark: a line of scum left on a bath tub when the water is drained away
eyetooth: A canine tooth of the upper jaw in humans.
knees-up: A party.
limiting: A limitation.
landlord: A person that leases real property; a lessor.
landlord: The owner or manager of a public house.
landlord: A shark, imagined as the owner of the surf to be avoided.
long hop: a relatively slow ball that bounces short of the batsman and is thus relatively easy to hit
extremum: A point, or value that is a maximum or a minimum.
sagacity: The quality of being sage, wise, or able to make good decisions; the quality of being perceptive, astute or insightful.
sagacity: Keen sense of smell.
terylene: A polymer, polyethylene terephthalate (PET), used for making thread and cloth.
marksman: A man or person skilled at hitting targets, as with a firearm, bow, or thrown object.
marksman: Goalscorer.
long off: a fielding position on the off side, about 70° forward of square, designed to prevent runs from drives or to catch lofted drives
tent peg: A peg, driven into the ground, to hold a rope that supports a tent.
tent peg: An egg.
hemipode: Any of a small group of birds containing 15 species, all but one of which are in the genus Turnix.
bushmeat: Any edible animal from sub-Saharan Africa's dense forest that is not traditionally regarded as game.
impetigo: A contagious bacterial skin disease forming pustules and yellow crusty sores, chiefly on the face and hands. It is common in children and infection is often through cuts or insect bites.
megaflop: megaflops (one million FLOPS, or floating point operations per second)
megaflop: A major flop; a film or other production that is a great failure.
passerby: Alternative spelling of passer-by
insignia: A patch or other object that indicates a person's official or military rank, or membership in a group or organization.
insignia: A symbol or token of personal power, status, or office, or of an official body of government or jurisdiction.
insignia: A mark or token by which anything is known.
carryout: Food that is intended to be eaten outside the establishment from which it is bought.
carryout: An establishment that prepares and sells food to be taken away on demand; a takeaway.
thumbpad: A keyboard that can be operated using only the thumbs.
palomino: A horse with a golden-colored coat and a white or cream-colored mane and tail.
octomino: A polyomino made up of eight squares.
monomino: The polyomino made up of one square.
nonomino: A polyomino made up of nine squares.
polyform: A plane or solid figure constructed by joining together identical polygons edge to edge.
hexomino: A polyomino made up of six squares.
decomino: A polyomino made up of ten squares.
jetliner: A jet-propelled airliner.
triomino: A triangular tile, used in triominoes, a variant of the game of dominoes.
triomino: Alternative form of tromino
terrapin: Any of several small turtles of the families Emydidae and Geoemydidae found throughout the world.
terrapin: Any turtle.
terrapin: Any of several small turtles native to North America that live in brackish or fresh water, especially the diamondback terrapin (Malaclemys terrapin).
terrapin: The flesh of such a turtle used as food.
new ball: A cricket ball never previously used in a match; a replacement new cricket ball taken by the captain of the bowling side at certain specified times during an innings.
new ball: Any of a set of replacement tennis balls issued at specified times in the professional game.
polycube: A polyform made by joining one or more cubes face to face in various arrangements.
old ball: A cricket ball that has been used in a previous match, or used in the current match for more than 30 overs.
wizardry: The art of a wizard; sorcery.
wizardry: Something, such as an advanced technology, that gives the appearance of magic.
wizardry: Great ability in some specified field.
deceiver: A person who lies or deceives.
deceiver: Another name for Satan.
on drive: a type of batsman's shot played by swinging the bat vertically and hitting the ball along the ground in the direction of mid on.
shabrack: The saddlecloth of a cavalry horse.
negation: The act of negating something.
negation: A denial or contradiction.
negation: A proposition which is the contradictory of another proposition and which can be obtained from that other proposition by the appropriately placed addition/insertion of the word "not". (Or, in symbolic logic, by prepending that proposition with the symbol for the logical operator "not".)
negation: The logical operation which obtains such (negated) propositions.
penknife: A small utility knife for cutting the points of quill feathers or reeds into nibs to provide or repair writing implements, early versions were commonly small sheath knives.
penknife: A small knife designed for safe and convenient storage, typically in the form of a miniature clasp-knife, or with blade retractable into the handle.
penknife: A pocket-knife, especially a small one.
airliner: A passenger-carrying aircraft, especially one of a fleet operated by an airline.
nobility: A noble or privileged social class, historically accompanied by a hereditary title; aristocracy.
nobility: The quality of being noble.
n-iamond: A polyiamond made up of n triangles.
dressage: The schooling of a horse.
dressage: An equestrian sport in which the horse and rider perform a test of specific movements in an arena, and are judged on the horse's obedience, acceptance of the bridle and of the rider's aids, gaits, impulsion, and the harmony between horse and rider.
dressage: An event or competition of the sport of dressage.
triamond: A polyiamond made up of three triangles.
filament: A fine thread or wire.
filament: Such a wire, as can be heated until it glows, in an incandescent light bulb or a thermionic valve.
filament: A massive, thread-like structure, such as those gaseous ones which extend outward from the surface of the sun, or such as those (much larger) ones which form the boundaries between large voids in the universe.
filament: The stalk of a flower stamen, supporting the anther.
filament: A continuous object, limited in length only by its spool, and not cut to length.
theocrat: The ruler of a theocracy, a priest-king.
theocrat: A proponent of theocracy.
deuteron: the atomic nucleus of deuterium, consisting of a proton and a neutron
outsider: One who is not part of a community or organization.
outsider: A newcomer with little or no experience in an organization or community.
outsider: A competitor or contestant who has little chance of winning; a long shot.
liquidus: A line, in a phase diagram, above which a given substance is a stable liquid and below which solid and liquid are in equilibrium.
effluent: A stream that flows out, such as from a lake or reservoir; an outflow; effluence.
effluent: Sewage water that has been (partially) treated, and is released into a natural body of water; a flow of any liquid waste.
essayist: One who composes essays; a writer of short compositions.
sociable: A sociable person.
sociable: A four-wheeled open carriage with seats facing each other.
sociable: A bicycle or tricycle for two persons side by side.
sociable: A couch with a curved S-shaped back.
sociable: An informal party or church meeting for purposes of socializing.
monosemy: The property of terms of having a single meaning; absence of ambiguity.
monosemy: singularity
fly ball: A batted ball that has been hit into the air above the outfield; a fly.
fly ball: A geek; beatnik.
grounder: A ground ball.
grounder: A fruit that has fallen to the ground rather than being picked; a windfall.
grounder: One of the large stones forming the base of a Cornish hedge.
zoophyte: An animal thought to have the characteristics of a plant, later specifically an invertebrate of the (former) group Zoophyta, comprising sponges, corals and sea anemones.
zoophyte: A plant believed to have the characteristics of an animal, especially a sensitive plant or vegetable lamb.
pulldown: Alternative form of pull-down
octopoid: An octopuslike creature.
zircoloy: An alloy of zirconium with tin, chromium and nickel, widely used, especially in the nuclear power industry, for its heat- and corrosion-resistant properties
estoppel: A legal principle in the law of equity that prevents a party from asserting otherwise valid legal rights against another party because of conduct by the first party, or circumstances to which the first party has knowingly contributed, make it unjust for those rights to be asserted.
seacoast: the coastal land bordering a sea or ocean
headnote: A note at the head of a page or chapter.
headnote: A summary of the relevant aspects of a legal case, usually found at the beginning of a case report.
jury box: The area in a courtroom wherein the jury is seated during a trial.
agitprop: Political propaganda disseminated through art, drama, literature, etc., especially communist propaganda; (specifically, communism, historical) such propaganda formerly disseminated by the Department for Agitation and Propaganda of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
agitprop: An instance of such propaganda.
agitprop: An organization or person engaged in disseminating such propaganda.
tebibyte: Strictly, 2⁴⁰ (1024⁴, or 1,099,511,627,776) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) gibibytes, as opposed to a terabyte.
sprinkle: A light covering with a sprinkled substance.
sprinkle: A light rain shower.
sprinkle: An aspersorium or utensil for sprinkling.
sprinkle: A small hard piece of sugar and starch, or chocolate, used to decorate cakes etc.
zip code: A postal code, especially for addresses served by the US Postal Service, consisting of a five- or nine-figure number.
zip code: Any postal code.
zip code: A postal code, especially for addresses served by PhilPost, consisting of a four-figure number.
zip code: A grouping of athletes or teams with similar skill level.
iniquity: Deviation from what is right; gross injustice, sin, wickedness.
iniquity: An act of great injustice or unfairness; a sinful or wicked act; an unconscionable deed.
blogette: A small blog
diaspora: The dispersion of the Jews among the Gentiles after the Babylonian captivity (6th century BCE).
diaspora: Any similar dispersion.
diaspora: A group so dispersed, especially Jews outside of the land of Israel.
diaspora: The regions where such a dispersed group (especially the Jews) resides, taken collectively.
diaspora: Any dispersion of an originally homogeneous entity, such as a language or culture.
seminorm: Alternative spelling of semi-norm
strident: One of a class of s-like fricatives produced by an airstream directed at the upper teeth.
musculus: A muscle.
pruritus: severe itching, especially of undamaged skin; caused by allergy, infection, lymphoma etc
mens rea: A reactive mind, a conscious knowing by the individual that an act was committed, either by themselves or by another.
mens rea: A guilty mind, the conscious knowing of a perpetrator while committing an act that the act is illicit.
Avometer: a highly accurate multimeter having a deadbeat needle and anti-parallax mirror
brötchen: bun, bread roll
terabyte: One trillion (10¹², or 1,000,000,000,000) bytes or 1,000 gigabytes.
terabyte: a tebibyte.
sciatica: Neuralgia of the sciatic nerve, characterised by pain radiating down through the buttocks and the back of the thigh.
rhyolite: An igneous, volcanic (extrusive) rock, of felsic composition, with aphanitic to porphyritic texture.
varistor: An electronic component having a variable resistance; used to protect circuits against power surges.
theorist: Someone who constructs theories, especially in the arts or sciences.
deadbeat: A lazy or irresponsible person who is often unemployed, often depending upon wealthy or otherwise financially independent people for support.
deadbeat: A person who defaults on debts.
daiquiri: A cocktail of rum, lemon or lime juice and sugar, sometimes with fruit added.
isolator: An electrical device that detects short circuits and isolates them.
isolator: A device that isolates something from the surrounding environment to keep it sterile.
isolator: A transparent box for holding small live animals.
habanera: A style of music from Cuba.
habanera: A dance performed to this music.
datagram: A packet of data passed across a network.
halfback: Any of various positions on the field of play between the forwards and the fullbacks.
halfback: A player who occupies one of these positions.
halfback: An offensive back whose primary jobs are to carry the ball on running plays and to serve as a receiver or blocker on passing plays.
halfback: A player who occupies one of these positions.
halfback: A defensive back whose primary jobs are to cover the slotback on passing plays and prevent running plays from going to the outside.
halfback: A player who occupies one of these positions.
halfback: A player in the halfback position, with both offensive and defensive roles.
halfback: A player who occupies one of these positions.
halfback: One of three players (the centre halfback and two halfback flankers) on the line between the centre line and the fullback line.
halfback: A player who occupies one of these positions.
halfback: The player who feeds the ball into the scrum, and receives the ball as it emerges from the back of the scrum.
run rate: The number of runs scored by a side divided by the number of overs taken to score them.
run rate: Alternative form of runrate
seashore: The coastal land bordering a sea or an ocean.
seashore: The foreshore, the strip of land between low water and high water.
pine tar: A dark viscous substance obtained from the destructive distillation of pine wood.
pine tar: This or a similar material used by batters to improve their grip.
versipel: A versipellous object or thing.
allodial: Anything held allodially.
steaming: The action of steam on something.
steaming: The method of cooking by immersion in steam.
steaming: The act or process of seafaring under steam power.
steaming: The raising of steam by a steam locomotive etc.
steaming: A form of robbery in which a large gang moves swiftly and violently through a bus or train.
daybreak: Dawn.
slattern: A slut, a sexually promiscuous woman.
slattern: One who is uncareful or unconcerned about appearance or surroundings, usually said of a dirty and untidy woman.
duologue: A conversation between two persons; dialogue.
duologue: A dramatic performance or piece in the form of a dialogue limited to two speakers.
alveolus: A small cavity or pit.
alveolus: Any of the many tiny air sacs in the lungs in which the bronchioles terminate and where oxygen and carbon dioxide are rapidly exchanged with the pulmonary capillaries.
alveolus: A small cavity or pit.
alveolus: The bony socket in which the root of a tooth resides.
alveolus: A small cavity or pit.
alveolus: An acinus (saclike cavity) in a gland.
alveolus: A small cavity or pit.
alveolus: The socket of a macrotrichium (seta).
toe ring: A round piece of metal worn around the toe.
lungfish: air-breathing fish, of the class Dipnoi, that have four limblike appendages instead of fins
tactique: Obsolete form of tactic.
oblation: The offering of worship, thanks etc. to a deity.
oblation: A deed or gift offered charitably.
ass hole: Alternative spelling of asshole
judicial: That branch of government which is responsible for maintaining the courts of law and for the administration of justice.
throwing: The act by which something is thrown.
throwing: The process of making ceramic ware on the potter's wheel
lobotomy: A surgical operation on the frontal lobe of the brain intent on treating certain mental illnesses.
lobotomy: The severing of the prefrontal cortex from the thalamic region of the brain.
lobotomy: The severing of the sympathetic nerve trunk.
labrador: A Labrador retriever.
mateship: The post of mate on a ship; a posting as mate.
mateship: A type of contract between ships to cooperate and share the proceeds of an expedition.
mateship: Fellowship; companionship.
mateship: Friendship, particularly between men, such as develops in shared adversity; solidarity.
mateship: A relationship based on mating.
cockapoo: A cross between an American cocker spaniel and a miniature poodle.
facepalm: A gesture of bringing one or both palms to the face, with various interpretations.
zigeuner: A Gypsy.
junkyard: A place where rubbish is discarded.
junkyard: A business that sells used metal or items.
demoware: A cut-down demonstration version of a computer program so that it can be tried before purchase.
tax rate: A rate, usually a percentage rate, at which something is taxed.
backdoor: Alternative spelling of back door.
extensor: A muscle whose contraction extends or straightens a limb or body part.
incision: A cut, especially one made by a scalpel or similar medical tool in the context of surgical operation; the scar resulting from such a cut.
incision: The act of cutting into a substance.
incision: Separation or solution of viscid matter by medicines.
incision: A cut-back
seething: The action of the verb to seethe.
swirling: A pattern or motion that swirls.
dispense: Cost, expenditure.
dispense: The act of dispensing, dispensation.
openness: Accommodating attitude or opinion, as in receptivity to new ideas, behaviors, cultures, peoples, environments, experiences, etc., different from the familiar, conventional, traditional, or one's own.
openness: The degree to which a person, group, organization, institution, or society exhibits this liberal attitude or opinion.
openness: Lack of secrecy; candour, transparency.
openness: degree of accessibility to view, use, and modify in a shared environment with legal rights generally held in common and preventing proprietary restrictions on the right of others to continue viewing, using, modifying and sharing.
openness: The degree to which a system operates with distinct boundaries across which exchange occurs capable of inducing change in the system while maintaining the boundaries themselves.
sentient: Lifeform with the capability to feel sensation, such as pain.
sentient: An intelligent, self-aware being.
gloating: The act of one who gloats.
thalamus: Either of two large, ovoid structures of grey matter within the forebrain that relay sensory impulses to the cerebral cortex.
thalamus: The receptacle of a flower; a torus.
thalamus: A thallus.
thalamus: An inner room or nuptial chamber.
suspense: The condition of being suspended; cessation for a time.
suspense: the pleasurable emotion of anticipation and excitement regarding the outcome or climax of a book, film etc.
suspense: The unpleasant emotion of anxiety or apprehension in an uncertain situation.
suspense: A temporary cessation of one's right; suspension, as when the rent or other profits of land cease by unity of possession of land and rent.
suspense: A deadline.
leap day: An extra day intercalated into a year, especially the day intercalated into the Julian calendar every fourth year and into the Gregorian calendar every fourth year excepting centuries not divisible by 400, usually reckoned as February 29th.
imposter: Alternative spelling of impostor
drilling: Act of drilling.
drilling: A long firearm with three barrels (typically a mix of shotgun and rifle barrels).
drilling: A heavy, twilled fabric of linen or cotton; drill.
bracelet: A band or chain worn around the wrist as jewelry/jewellery or an ornament.
bracelet: The strap of a wristwatch, used to secure it around the wrist.
bracelet: A piece of defensive armour for the arm.
homeland: The country that one regards as home.
homeland: One's country of residence.
homeland: One's country of birth.
homeland: The traditional territory of an ethnic group.
homeland: An area set aside for black South Africans under the policy of apartheid.
forestry: The science of planting and growing trees in forests.
forestry: The art and practice of planting and growing trees in forests.
forestry: The art and practice of cultivating, exploiting and renewing forests for commercial purposes.
forestry: Commercial tree farming.
forestry: A tree farm.
forestry: A forest-covered area.
sea duck: Alternative spelling of seaduck
freeform: Alternative spelling of free-form
oilcloth: A fabric or cloth treated on one side with a waterproof covering, especially one made from linseed oil etc.; used for flooring, tablecloths, kitchen shelves and sometimes furniture covering.
toboggan: A long sled without runners, with the front end curled upwards, which may be pulled across snow by a cord or used to coast down hills.
toboggan: A similar sled of wood, pulled by dogs, possibly with steel runners, made to transport cargo.
toboggan: Something which, once it starts going (figuratively) downhill, is unstoppable until it reaches the bottom.
toboggan: A knit cap, designed to provide warmth in cold weather.
defiance: The feeling, or spirit of being defiant.
defiance: Open or bold resistance to or disregard for authority, opposition, or power.
defiance: A challenging attitude or behaviour; challenge.
kalendar: A liturgical calendar.
kalendar: Archaic form of calendar.
parlance: A certain way of speaking, of using words; especially that associated with a particular job or interest.
parlance: Of a word, the quality of being lexicalized; especially as jargon or slang.
parlance: Speech, discussion or debate.
outreach: The act of reaching out.
outreach: The extent or length of one's reach.
outreach: The act or practice of visiting and providing services (of a charity, church, or other organization) to people who might not otherwise have access to those services.
milliner: A person who is involved in the manufacture, design, or sale of hats for women.
staggers: Any of various diseases of animals that affects the nervous system, characterized by a lack of control of the limbs
staggers: Any of various diseases of animals that affects the nervous system, characterized by a lack of control of the limbs
staggers: staggers and jags, delirium tremens or extreme inebriation
postdate: A date on a document later than the real date on which it was written.
serenade: A love song that is sung directly to one's love interest, especially one performed below the window of a loved one in the evening.
serenade: An instrumental composition in several movements.
debutant: A person (especially a male) who débuts, or appears for the first time.
seedling: A young plant grown from seed.
seedling: Any young plant, especially:
seedling: one grown in a nursery for transplanting.
seedling: Any young plant, especially:
seedling: a tree smaller than a sapling.
sky ball: A high fly ball
foul tip: a foul ball which glances off the bat and continues back with only a moderate change in direction
ribozyme: A fragment of RNA that can act as an enzyme.
mutation: Any alteration or change.
mutation: Any heritable change of the base-pair sequence of genetic material.
mutation: A mutant.
mutation: An alteration a particular sound of a word, especially the initial consonant, which is triggered by the word's morphological or syntactic context and not by its phonological context.
mutation: The transfer of title of an asset in a register.
mutation: A group of thrushes.
roadkill: the killing of an animal by a road vehicle
roadkill: the animal(s) so killed
roadkill: a helpless victim
antedate: Prior date; a date antecedent to another which is the actual date.
antedate: anticipation
Snickers: A chocolate bar produced by the Mars company, with a peanut, caramel and nougat filling.
stringer: Someone who threads something; one who makes or provides strings, especially for bows.
stringer: Someone who strings someone along.
stringer: A horizontal timber that supports upright posts, or supports the hull of a vessel.
stringer: The side rail supporting the rungs of a ladder or the steps of a flight of stairs.
stringer: A small screw-hook to which piano strings are sometimes attached.
stringer: A freelance correspondent not on the regular newspaper staff, especially one retained on a part-time basis to report on events in a particular place.
stringer: A person who plays on a particular string.
stringer: Wooden strip running lengthwise down the centre of a surfboard, for strength.
stringer: A hard-hit ball.
stringer: A cord or chain, sometimes with additional loops, that is threaded through the mouth and gills of caught fish.
stringer: A pallet or skid used when shipping less than truckload (LTL) freight. A platform typically constructed of timber or plastic designed such that freight may be stacked on top, able to be lifted by a forklift.
stringer: A libertine; a wencher.
stringer: A person who deliberately states that a certain bird is present when it is not; one who knowingly misleads other birders about the occurrence of a bird, especially a rarity.
penology: Study of the processes devised and adopted for the punishment and prevention of crime.
menhaden: Any of several species of fish in the genera Brevoortia and Ethmidium, used for fish meal, fish oil, fertilizer, and bait.
dead-red: A four-seam fastball
Hegelian: A follower of Hegel's philosophy.
scrutiny: Intense study of someone or something.
scrutiny: Thorough inspection of a situation or a case.
scrutiny: An examination of catechumens, in the last week of Lent, who were to receive baptism on Easter Day.
scrutiny: A ticket, or little paper billet, on which a vote is written.
scrutiny: An examination by a committee of the votes given at an election, for the purpose of correcting the poll.
selector: Someone or something which selects or chooses.
selector: An administrator responsible for selecting which players will play for a side.
selector: A matching expression in a stylesheet determining which elements in the markup are affected by a style.
selector: A pointer to a structure describing a segment of memory.
selector: A text string transmitted to a Gopher server, identifying the resource to be retrieved.
selector: A disc jockey.
selector: A person who is entitled to choose a tract of Crown land to purchase.
spurning: The act of one who spurns.
rollover: The process of incrementing, especially back to an initial value.
rollover: A road traffic accident in which a vehicle overturns.
rollover: A graphic element that changes its appearance when the cursor moves over it.
rollover: A keyboard feature where each key is scanned independently, so that multiple simultaneous keypresses always register correctly.
rollover: The sudden ignition of flammable gasses (produced by pyrolysis in an oxygen-poor environment) near the ceiling of a room or other enclosed space.
rollover: The reinvestment of funds in a new issue of the same or similar investment.
rollover: A fee paid by a borrower in order to defer full repayment of a loan.
rollover: In the National or European lottery, the situation in which a jackpot that has not been won is carried over to the next week.
rollover: A target on the pinball table that is activated when the ball rolls over it.
safe sex: Sexual activity engaged in by people who have taken precautions to protect themselves against sexually transmitted diseases (STDs).
tricolor: Alternative form of tricolour
Albertan: A native or resident of Alberta, Canada.
pharmacy: A place where prescription drugs are sold or dispensed.
pharmacy: The science of medicinal substances, inclusive of pharmaceutics, pharmaceutical chemistry, pharmacology, phytochemistry, and forensics.
pharmacy: The role or occupation of a pharmacist.
examiner: A person who investigates someone or something.
examiner: A person who sets an examination.
examiner: A person who marks an examination.
stingray: Any of various large, venomous rays, of the orders Rajiformes and Myliobatiformes, having a barbed, whiplike tail.
stingray: A device that simulates a cell tower, used to intercept cell phone communications.
bus stop: A place where public transport buses stop to allow passengers to board or leave.
bus stop: The tableau used in short division, taught as if it were a bus stop with the digits treated as people queueing.
bus stop: "&": The two-lined right-angled symbol used to separate quotient, divisor and dividend in long division and short division
bus stop: A disco dance popular in the 1970s and 1980s.
bus stop: Ellipsis of bus stop chicane.
cysteine: A sulphur-containing nonessential amino acid C₃H₇NO₂S found in most animal proteins; it readily oxidizes to cystine.
headroom: The vertical clearance above someone's head, as in a tunnel, doorway etc.
headroom: The vertical measurement, top to bottom, for example for clearance under a bridge.
headroom: The ability of a system to reproduce loud sounds free of distortion; dynamic headroom.
headroom: The distance between the actual performance of an algorithm and its maximum possible performance.
headroom: Synonym of headspace (“space between the top of the contents of a container and its seal”)
tarragon: A perennial herb, the wormwood species Artemisia dracunculus, from Europe and parts of Asia.
tarragon: The leaves of this plant (either fresh, or preserved in a vinegar/oil mixture) used as a seasoning.
caryatid: A sculpted female figure serving as an architectural support taking the place of a column or a pillar supporting an entablature on her head.
arginine: An amino acid found in animal foods that plays an important role in several physiological processes.
tyrosine: A nonessential amino acid 2-amino-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid found in most animal proteins, especially casein
tribunal: An assembly including one or more judges to conduct judicial business; a court of law.
tribunal: A kind of village hall used to transact business, to quarter troops and travellers, and to confine prisoners.
catheter: A small tube inserted into a body cavity to administer a drug, create an opening, distend a passageway, or remove fluid.
specimen: An individual instance that represents a class; an example.
specimen: A banknote printed for distribution to central banks to aid in the recognition of banknotes from a country other than their own
specimen: An individual instance that represents a class; an example.
specimen: A postage stamp sent to postmasters and postal administrations so that they are able to identify valid stamps and to avoid forgeries
specimen: An individual instance that represents a class; an example.
specimen: A sample, especially one used for diagnostic analysis.
specimen: An eligible man.
subgenre: One of several categories within a particular genre.
garrison: A permanent military post.
garrison: The troops stationed at such a post.
garrison: Occupants.
garrison: A military unit, nominally headed by a colonel, equivalent to a USAF support wing, or an army regiment.
dew drop: Alternative form of dewdrop
civility: Speech or behaviour that is fit for civil interactions; politeness, courtesy.
civility: An individual act or expression of polite behaviour; a courtesy.
civility: The state or fact of being civilized; civilization.
civility: A civil office; a civil capacity.
griceite: A mineral, lithium fluoride, that occurs as white aggregates in other minerals, such as fluorite.
bot herd: A large collection of compromised systems exploited for malicious purposes.
Disciple: Any of the followers of Jesus Christ.
Disciple: One of the twelve disciples of Jesus sent out as Apostles.
Disciple: Short for Disciple of Christ (“member of a particular religious group”).
cash cow: A product, service, or enterprise that generates ongoing, high net free cash flows.
cash cow: Someone or something which is a dependable source of appreciable amounts of money.
collator: A person who collates.
collator: A program or algorithm that collates.
collator: A machine that selects, merges and matches decks of punch cards.
collator: A police officer who maintains criminal records and analyzes them for intelligence.
lyrebird: Either of two large ground-dwelling Australian songbirds, of the genus Menura, named because of the beautiful tail feathers of the male of one species, the superb lyrebird (Menura novaehollandiae), which can be erected to look like a lyre, and notable for their extraordinary ability to mimic natural and artificial sounds from their environment.
waffling: A repetitive speech or response to a question.
stonefly: Any of the freshwater aquatic insects in the order Plecoptera.
fluorite: A widely occurring mineral (calcium fluoride), of various colours, used as a flux in steelmaking, and in the manufacture of glass, enamels and hydrofluoric acid.
snakefly: Any insect of the order Raphidioptera.
lacewing: Any of a number of gauzy-winged insects of certain families within the order Neuroptera.
lacewing: Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Cethosia.
attacker: Someone who attacks.
attacker: One of the players on a team in football (soccer) in the row nearest to the opposing team's goal, who are therefore principally responsible for scoring goals.
Squarial: A flat, diamond-shaped aerial (antenna) for receiving satellite television signals; it became obsolete in the 1990s.
breviate: A short account, brief statement; a summary, abridgement or precis
breviate: A brief missive or dispatch; a note.
breviate: A lawyer's brief.
lighting: The equipment used to provide illumination; the illumination so provided.
lighting: The act of activating such equipment, or of igniting a flame etc.
lighting: The process of annealing metals.
headwear: a hat or other covering for the head
superbug: A strain of bacteria that is resistant to many antibiotics (e.g., MDR, XDR).
superbug: Any pathogen resistant to many, even all, of the biocides or other agents used to treat similar pathogens.
superbug: An invasive insect, Bemisia tabaci, that is a major pest of vegetable crops, both directly and as a virus vector.
phthisis: An atrophy of the body or part of the body, especially pulmonary tuberculosis.
ketamine: A synthetic compound used as an anesthetic and analgesic drug and also (illicitly) as a hallucinogen.
housefly: Any fly regularly found in human dwellings.
housefly: Any fly regularly found in human dwellings.
housefly: The common housefly, Musca domestica, that frequents most homes and spreads some diseases.
salticid: jumping spider
disciple: A person who learns from another, especially one who then teaches others.
disciple: An active follower or adherent of someone, or some philosophy etc.
disciple: A wretched, miserable-looking man.
twilight: The soft light in the sky seen before the rising and (especially) after the setting of the sun, occasioned by the illumination of the earth’s atmosphere by the direct rays of the sun and their reflection on the earth.
twilight: The time when this light is visible; the period between daylight and darkness.
twilight: Any faint light through which something is seen.
twilight: The time when the sun is less than 18° below the horizon.
twilight: An in-between or fading condition through which something is perceived.
aerobics: A form of exercise, designed to enhance one's cardiovascular fitness, normally performed to music.
writeoff: Alternative spelling of write-off.
luncheon: A formal meal served in the middle of the day.
luncheon: A large, cheap, processed sausage served in thin slices.
luncheon: Any midday meal; lunch.
luncheon: A lump of food.
luncheon: A portion of food taken at any time except at a regular meal; an informal or light repast.
haruspex: A soothsayer or priest in Ancient Rome (originally Etruscan) who practiced haruspicy, divination by inspecting entrails.
pronotum: The dorsal plate of the prothorax in insects
shrapnel: An anti-personnel artillery shell used in World War I which carries a large number of individual bullets close to the target and then ejects them to allow them to continue along the shell's trajectory and strike the target individually.
shrapnel: The bullets from the aforementioned type of artillery shell.
shrapnel: Shot, fragments, or debris thrown out by an exploding shell, bomb or landmine.
shrapnel: Loose change.
shrapnel: Debris.
kroepoek: An Indonesian (Javanese) shrimp cracker, made from tapioca flour, salt, ground shrimps and various spices.
bootlace: A long lace for fastening boots.
bootlace: A long, thin, chewy confectionery, typically with liquorice or fruit flavour.
cuspidor: A spittoon.
firewall: A fireproof barrier used to prevent the spread of fire between or through buildings, structures, electrical substation transformers, or within an aircraft or vehicle.
firewall: The software that monitors traffic in and out of a private network or a personal computer and allows or blocks such traffic depending on its perceived threat.
firewall: A hypothetical phenomenon where an observer falling into a black hole encounters high-energy quanta at or near the event horizon.
horsefly: Any of several medium to large flies, of the family Tabanidae, that suck the blood of mammals (not to be confused with Stomoxys calcitrans, the stable fly, or dog fly).
wellness: The quality or state of being in good health (sometimes emphasizing both health and safety).
wellness: The process of learning about and engaging in behaviors that are likely to result in optimal health.
line tub: A wooden tub in which the tow-line carried by a whaleboat is coiled.
softwood: The wood from any gymnosperm, without regard to how soft this wood is.
softwood: Wood of this kind, but limited to those that are commercial timbers.
softwood: The tree or tree species that yields this wood.
softwood: Any commercial timber.
fumitory: Any plant of the taxonomic genus Fumaria of annual herbaceous flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae, native to temperate Europe and Asia.
toiletry: Any item used for personal hygiene or grooming.
ignition: The act of igniting.
ignition: The initiation of combustion.
ignition: A system for activating combustion in a combustion engine.
ignition: Receptacle for a key used to start the engine in a vehicle.
ignition: The phenomenon of a thermonuclear fusion reaction becoming self-sustaining and no longer requiring external heating.
gelatine: Alternative form of gelatin
hardwood: The wood from any dicotyledonous tree, without regard to its hardness.
hardwood: (in more general use) As the preceding, but limited to those that are commercial timbers, and are at least average in hardness.
hardwood: The tree or tree species that yields the preceding.
hardwood: A joint term for the commercial timbers, without distinguishing which.
hardwood: The sport of basketball, in particular, an indoor basketball court; so named because the floor of an indoor basketball court is normally made of hardwood.
streamer: A long, narrow flag, or piece of material used or seen as a decoration.
streamer: Strips of paper or other material used as confetti.
streamer: A newspaper headline that runs along the top of a page.
streamer: A data storage system, mainly used to produce backups, in which large quantities of data are transferred to a continuously moving tape; a tape drive.
streamer: Any mechanism for streaming data.
streamer: A subscription service that streams content to an audience.
streamer: A person who streams activities on their computer (especially video gaming) to a live online audience.
streamer: In fly fishing, a variety of wet fly designed to mimic a minnow.
streamer: One who searches for stream tin.
streamer: A stream or column of light shooting upward from the horizon, constituting one of the forms of the aurora borealis.
streamer: A pupil belonging to a particular stream (division by perceived ability).
kablooey: Alternative spelling of kablooie
didactic: A treatise on teaching or education.
eligible: One who is eligible.
kablooie: A failure, meltdown; or explosion; a splat or splash.
god king: Alternative form of god-king
spittoon: A receptacle for spit.
nun moth: black arched moth
air time: Alternative form of airtime
air time: The period of freefall after jumping.
god-king: A statesman who holds all the state's powers and has religious significance to his constituency.
god-king: A king who is of divine descent.
god-king: A monarch who is also a god.
god-king: A tyrannical maintainer of a collaborative project.
molality: the concentration of a substance in solution, expressed as the number of moles of solute per kilogram of solvent
molarity: the concentration of a substance in solution, expressed as the number of moles of solute per litre of solution
trapdoor: A hinged or sliding door set into a floor or ceiling.
trapdoor: Such a trap set into the floor of a stage to allow fast exits and entrances.
trapdoor: A secret method of obtaining access to a program or online system; a backdoor.
trapdoor: The special information that permits the inverse of a trapdoor function to be easily computed.
trapdoor: A door in a level for regulating the ventilating current; a weather door.
alkaline: An alkaline battery.
tag sale: A retail sale in which items included in the sale are tagged with a coloured tag.
tag sale: A domestic sale of second-hand items; a garage sale or yard sale.
telluric: Synonym of telluric current
red rail: †Aphanapteryx bonasia, an extinct species of birds from the family Rallidae, formerly endemic to Mauritius.
red rail: Aphanapteryx bonasia, an extinct species of birds from the family Rallidae, formerly endemic to Mauritius.
wolf dog: A dog trained to hunt wolves.
wolf dog: A hybrid between a wolf and a dog.
capstern: Obsolete form of capstan.
reprieve: The cancellation or postponement of a punishment.
reprieve: A document authorizing such an action.
reprieve: Relief from pain etc., especially temporary.
reprieve: A cancellation or postponement of a proposed event undesired by many.
Schnabel: The beak-like lifting component of a Schnabel car.
superflu: Any strain of flu that spreads unusually quickly, is unusually virulent, or is unusually unresponsive to treatment.
bresaola: Air-dried salt-cured beef fillet that has been aged about 2-3 months until it becomes very hard and a dark red, almost purple colour.
abb-wool: Wool used to make yarn for the warp.
airspeed: The speed of an aircraft relative to the air through which it is flying.
airscrew: The propeller of an aircraft; the prop.
airscrew: Any actuator disk whose working fluid is air.
staffing: the practice of hiring and firing staff
staffing: the personnel required for some project
subtlety: The quality of being subtle.
subtlety: The quality of being scarcely noticeable or difficult to discern. (of things)
subtlety: The quality of being subtle.
subtlety: The quality of being done in a clever way that is not obvious or not direct; the quality of being carefully thought out. (of things)
subtlety: The quality of being subtle.
subtlety: The quality of being able to achieve one's aims through clever, delicate or indirect methods. (of people)
subtlety: The quality of being subtle.
subtlety: The quality of being able to notice or understand things that are not obvious. (of people)
subtlety: An instance of being subtle, a subtle thing, especially a subtle argument or distinction.
subtlety: An ornate medieval illusion dish or table decoration, especially when made from one thing but crafted to look like another.
subtlety: The quality of being clever in surreptitious or deceitful behaviour; an act or argument that shows this quality.
subtlety: A trick that creates a false appearance.
subtlety: The property of having a low density or thin consistency.
subtlety: The property of being able to penetrate materials easily.
motility: The state of being motile (moving)
motility: The degree to which something is motile
footstep: The mark or impression left by a foot; a track.
footstep: The indications or waypoints of a course or direction taken.
footstep: The sound made by walking, running etc.
footstep: A step, as in a stair.
footstep: The distance between one foot and the next when walking; a pace.
footstep: The act of taking a step.
footstep: An inclined plane under a hand printing press.
blue tit: Cyanistes caeruleus, a small bird of the tit family Paridae, with an azure blue crown and dark blue line passing through the eye and encircling the white cheeks to the chin.
brushoff: Alternative spelling of brush-off
kneeling: The act by which someone kneels.
dropping: Something dropped; a droplet.
dropping: A piece of animal excrement; dung.
dropping: The act of something that drops or falls.
reticule: A reticle; a grid in the eyepiece of an instrument.
reticule: A small women's bag made of a woven net-like material.
grandeur: The state of being grand or splendid; magnificence.
grandeur: Nobility (state of being noble).
grandeur: Greatness; largeness; tallness; loftiness.
coalfish: Any of several blackish fish, especially Pollachius virens, a pollack, and Anoplopoma fimbria, sablefish.
emissary: An agent sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
emissary: A venous channel in the skull.
emissary: An underground channel by which the water of a lake escapes.
neoteric: A modern author (especially as opposed to a classical writer).
neoteric: Someone with new or modern ideas.
neoteric: any poet who belonged to the neoterics, a series of avant-garde Latin poets who wrote in the 1st century BC such as Catullus, Helvius Cinna, Publius Valerius Cato, Marcus Furius Bibaculus and Quintus Cornificius.
striving: Effort; the act of one who strives.
elevated: An elevated railway.
scanning: The act of something being scanned.
toe edge: The sharp edge on the long side of a snowboard closest to one's toes, regardless of which way one if facing (up-mountain or down-mountain) or riding (goofy or regular).
encoding: The way in which symbols are mapped onto bytes, e.g. in the rendering of a particular font, or in the mapping from keyboard input into visual text.
encoding: A conversion of plain text into a code or cypher form (for decoding by the recipient).
meathead: An ungainly, dull or stupid person; someone who is lazy, disrespectful and/or whose beliefs and philosophies clash with another.
meathead: A large, muscular, stupid man, especially an athlete.
meathead: A member of the Canadian Forces Military Police.
backstop: A thing or a person put in the rear or in the back of something to reinforce, hold, support.
backstop: A default arrangement that holds if all else fails.
backstop: A wall or fence behind home plate.
backstop: A catcher; the position of catcher.
backstop: The player who stands immediately behind the striking base.
backstop: The longstop.
backstop: The wicket-keeper.
backstop: Something serving to bolster or support a cover story etc.
takedown: A taking down: the arrest of a suspect by a police officer.
takedown: A taking down: an act of bringing one's opponent to the ground by grabbing one or both legs and applying a rearward bending moment.
takedown: Enforced removal of material from a website, etc.
dragging: gerund of drag: an instance of something being dragged.
pursuing: pursuit
spillage: The process or action of spilling.
spillage: That which has been spilled.
smokable: Something that can be smoked.
pilchard: Any of various small oily fish related to herrings, family Clupeidae.
landlady: A female landlord.
courtier: A person in attendance at a royal court.
courtier: A person who flatters in order to seek favour.
courtier: Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the Asian genus Sephisa.
meatball: A ball of minced or ground meat, seasoned and cooked.
meatball: A stupid person; a meathead.
meatball: An easy pitch to hit, especially thrown right down the middle of the plate.
meatball: An optical landing system.
meatball: A menu icon of three horizontal dots.
loveseat: Alternative spelling of love seat
muscling: muscles in the body, meant collectively
muscling: the process of muscle formation or growth
gay bomb: A theoretical chemical weapon whose aim is to instigate feelings of mutual homosexual attraction amongst enemy soldiers.
stilyard: a simple balance for weighing foodstuffs etc. The thing to be weighed hangs from the short side of a beam; the long side has graduated notches for a standard weight.
dazzling: The action of the verb to dazzle; dazzlement
bottling: A batch of bottled liquids, as from a single vat, barrel, or seasonal growth.
bottling: The act of pelting (a musical act on stage, etc.) with bottles as a sign of disapproval.
prudence: The quality or state of being prudent
prudence: Economy; frugality.
monkfish: Any large bottom-dwelling anglerfish of the genus Lophius, such as Lophius piscatorius, of the Atlantic, having a large head and mouth.
monkfish: Angel sharks of the genus Squatina.
spotting: A spotted pattern.
spotting: The act of spotting or sighting something.
sprocket: A toothed wheel that enmeshes with a chain or other perforated band.
sprocket: The tooth of such a wheel.
sprocket: A flared extension at the base of a sloped roof.
sprocket: A placeholder name for an unnamed, unspecified, or hypothetical manufactured good or product.
sacristy: A room in a church where sacred vessels, books, vestments, etc. are kept. Sometimes also used by clergy to prepare for worship or for meetings.
potlatch: A ceremony amongst certain indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest in which gifts are bestowed upon guests and personal property is destroyed in a show of generosity and wealth.
potlatch: A communal meal to which guests bring dishes to share; a potluck.
scission: The act of division, separation, cutting, cleaving, or severing; cleavage.
bullying: An act of intimidating a person to do something, especially such repeated coercion.
bullying: Persistent acts intended to make life unpleasant for another person.
dominion: Power or the use of power; sovereignty over something; stewardship, supremacy.
dominion: predominance; ascendancy
dominion: A kingdom, nation, or other sphere of influence; governed territory.
dominion: kingdom
dominion: An order of angel in Christian angelology, ranked above virtues and below thrones.
lenition: A weakening of articulation causing a consonant to become lenis (soft).
desiring: A yearning for; a want.
anaphora: The repetition of a phrase at the beginning of phrases, sentences, or verses, used for emphasis.
anaphora: An expression that can refer to virtually any referent, the specific referent being defined by context.
anaphora: An expression that refers to a preceding expression.
anaphora: The most solemn part of the Divine Liturgy or the Mass during which the offerings of bread and wine are consecrated as body and blood of Christ.
stepping: The act of taking a step.
stepping: A specific iteration of a model of central processing unit, often distinguished by the addition or removal of features compared to earlier examples of the same processor, or the presence, or lack thereof, of specific bugs.
stepping: An African-American form of dance in which the performer's entire body is used as an instrument to produce complex rhythms and sounds through footsteps, spoken word, and clapping.
escaping: The act of one who escapes; an escape.
escaping: That which escapes or leaks out; an emission.
frienemy: Alternative form of frenemy.
naysayer: One who consistently denies, criticizes, or doubts; a detractor.
marching: Action described by the verb "to march".
statuary: The craft of making statues.
statuary: A person who makes or deals in statues.
statuary: Statues considered collectively.
semantic: In such writing systems as the Chinese writing system, the portion of a phono-semantic character that provides an indication of its meaning; contrasted with phonetic.
polysemy: The property of a word, sign or symbol that can represent multiple meanings, including multiple similar ones.
neuritis: Inflammation of one or more nerves.
lysdexia: Dyslexia; proneness to metathesis in reading, writing, or speech due to (real or imagined) dyslexia.
shopgirl: A girl who works in a shop; a young saleswoman.
cleaving: The act of one who cleaves, splits, or severs.
cleaving: The act of one who cleaves, clings, or adheres.
drowning: An instance of a person or animal drowning.
drowning: An instance of a person or animal being drowned.
cropping: The act by which something is cut short or truncated.
cropping: The growing of crops.
cropping: An outcrop that is mined for the ore it contains.
hurrying: The act of one who hurries; hasty motion.
corrival: A fellow rival; a competitor; a rival.
corrival: A companion.
sea salt: salt prepared by evaporating seawater.
recourse: The act of seeking assistance or advice.
recourse: The use of (someone or something) as a source of help in a difficult situation.
recourse: A coursing back, or coursing again; renewed course; return; retreat; recurrence.
recourse: Access; admittance.
overflow: The spillage resultant from overflow; excess.
overflow: Outlet for escape of excess material.
overflow: The situation where a value exceeds the available numeric range.
frippery: Ostentation, as in fancy clothing.
frippery: Useless things; trifles.
frippery: Cast-off clothes.
frippery: The trade or traffic in old clothes.
frippery: The place where old clothes are sold.
frippery: Hence: secondhand finery; cheap and tawdry decoration; affected elegance.
plectrum: A small piece of plastic, metal, ivory, etc., for plucking the strings of a guitar, lyre, mandolin, etc.
plectrum: A projection of bone or other stiff tissue, such as the ridges in some insects' stridulatory organs.
swinging: The act or motion of that which swings.
swinging: An activity where couples engage in sexual activity with different partners, often in a group setting.
simoniac: One who carries on or is guilty of simony.
downfall: A precipitous decline in fortune; death or rapid deterioration, as in status or wealth.
downfall: The cause of such a fall; a critical blow or error.
downfall: An act of falling down.
germline: Those cells of an individual that have genetic material that could be passed to offspring; the source of gametes.
air shed: A region's air supply.
air shed: The region supplied by a source of air.
air taxi: A small aircraft that makes short passenger flights, especially to destinations not serviced by airlines.
humanzee: A hypothetical hybrid of a human and a chimpanzee.
lying-in: The final stages of pregnancy; accouchement.
lying-in: A period of postpartum confinement, typically a month or longer, formerly common in Europe and still practiced in some parts of the world.
alcolock: A mechanism that prevents a car from starting if the driver has exceeded the legal limits of alcohol consumption.
trifecta: A bet in which the bettor must select the first three placegetters of a race in the order in which they finish.
trifecta: The attainment of three important achievements, qualities, etc.
trifecta: A set of three related things, often things that cause problems.
trifecta: The complete legislative and executive control of state or federal government by one party: governorship, the upper house, and the lower house of state or federal legislatures. The party that holds all three positions of power is said to have a trifecta.
glycogen: A polysaccharide that is the main form of carbohydrate storage in animals; converted to glucose as needed.
bazookas: breasts
sweeping: An instance of sweeping.
sweeping: The activity of sweeping.
middling: Something of intermediate or average size, position, or quality.
middling: Something of intermediate or average size, position, or quality.
middling: Preceded by the: people of moderate means; members of the middle class.
bullfrog: Any of various frogs having a croak that resembles the bellow of a cow or bull.
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color:
greenfly: Certain aphids (Aphidoidea), commonly known as greenfly in Britain and the Commonwealth
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color:
greenfly: Certain aphids (Aphidoidea), commonly known as greenfly in Britain and the Commonwealth
greenfly: especially, Myzus persicae, green peach aphid
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color:
greenfly: Lucilia sericata, common green bottle fly
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color:
greenfly: Tabanus nigrovittatus, a biting horsefly more commonly known as the greenhead horsefly, greenhead fly, or greenhead
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color:
greenfly: Odontomyia chloris (syn. Musca chloris)
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color:
greenfly: Any of several kinds of common insects green in color
detainee: Someone who is detained, especially in custody or confinement.
air lane: A designated route used by commercial aircraft when flying from one airport to another.
air pump: A pump that moves air either into or out of something.
blackfly: A black or dark green aphid (Aphis fabae) that is a common pest of agricultural crops.
blackfly: Any of various small black bloodsucking flies of the family Simuliidae.
hoverfly: Any of various flies from the family Syrphidae that hover in the air and feed on the nectar of flowers.
lonesome: Oneself alone.
mealybug: Any of various insects of the family Pseudococcidae, which secrete a powdery wax and are pests of fruit trees.
scofflaw: One who habitually violates minor laws or fails to answer trivial court summonses (such as parking tickets).
true bug: Any of various insects of the order Hemiptera and in particular of the suborder Heteroptera, that are wingless or have two pairs of wings, and have mouthparts adapted for piercing and sucking.
thresher: Anything or anyone that threshes.
thresher: A now-obsolete hand tool for threshing, also called a flail.
thresher: A modern farm machine for threshing grain, now a part of combine harvesters rather than a separate implement.
thresher: Short for thresher shark.
wildness: the quality of being wild or untamed
woodworm: Any of many beetle larvae that bore into wood.
woodworm: Any of many beetle larvae that bore into wood.
woodworm: Anobium punctatum (common furniture beetle).
woodworm: A shipworm, a worm-like mollusk in the family Teredinidae that feeds on wood underwater in saltwater.
disposal: An arrangement, categorization or classification of things.
disposal: A disposing of or getting rid of something.
disposal: A disposing of or getting rid of something.
disposal: A kick or a handball of the ball during a game.
disposal: The power to use something or someone.
disposal: A garbage disposal
baguette: A narrow, relatively long rectangular shape.
baguette: A gem cut in such a shape.
baguette: A variety of bread that is long and narrow in shape.
baguette: A small molding, like the astragal, but smaller; a bead.
baguette: One of the minute bodies seen in the divided nucleoli of some Infusoria after conjugation.
baguette: A French person, or a person of French descent.
solvency: The state of having enough funds or liquid assets to pay all of one's debts; the state of being solvent.
aerogram: A wireless message.
aerogram: A telegram whose transmission included at least one segment sent via airplane.
aerogram: A thin piece of foldable and gummed paper for writing a letter and serving as its own envelope for transit via airmail.
aerogram: A pneumogram.
soy bean: Alternative form of soybean
hugeness: the quality of being huge; immensity.
Isabella: A grape cultivar popular in the former USSR derived from the grape species Vitis labrusca.
air vent: An opening, possibly covered by a grate or grill, possibly ducted, that allows air to circulate.
air vent: A device or valve that allows to air to be evacuated from a radiator or pipe in a heating system.
snow pea: A group of pea (Pisum sativum) cultivars, with flat and edible pods.
bryology: The study of bryophytes (non-vascular plants including mosses, liverworts and hornworts).
lip sync: The synchronization of prerecorded audio signals and movement of the lips such that there is no lack of simultaneity between them.
airbrake: A brake (slowing device) that is operated pneumatically (by air pressure).
airbrake: A movable control surface that extends to increase drag without affecting lift (unlike a spoiler); a device that provides aerodynamic braking.
bathrobe: A robe usually made of terrycloth intended to be worn when one is still damp from bathing or when there is no immediate need to dress fully.
baby boy: A very young male human being, from birth to a couple of years old.
baby boy: A man who is immature or infantile.
baby boy: A term of endearment for a man.
silkworm: Any of various caterpillars of moths that produce silk cocoons, especially Bombyx mori, the source of most commercial silk.
follicle: A small cavity or sac, such as a hair follicle.
follicle: A type of primitive dry fruit produced by certain flowering plants.
avoiding: Avoidance.
nonmetal: An element, such as phosphorus or chlorine, that does not have the chemical or physical properties of a metal.
choosing: The act of making a choice.
inviting: invitation
vigneron: A person who grows vines for wine production, a winegrower
vigneron: A labourer in a vineyard.
headline: The heading or title of a magazine or newspaper article.
headline: The line at the top of a page containing the folio or number of the page.
headline: The top-billed attraction.
headline: A headrope.
antirust: Alternative spelling of anti-rust
brooding: A spell of brooding; the time when someone broods.
air mile: A unit of distance for air transport; equal to a nautical mile.
sea mile: Synonym of nautical mile, a unit of distance now equal to exactly 1852 meters
sea mile: A former version of the nautical mile in Scandinavia equal to 4 minutes of arc or about 4 nmi.
westward: The western region or countries; the west.
showcase: A case for displaying merchandise or valuable items.
showcase: A setting, occasion, or medium for exhibiting something or someone, especially in an attractive or favorable aspect.
weldment: A part created from an assembly of smaller components that are joined by welding.
downpour: A heavy rain.
post hoc: An instance of the post hoc ergo propter hoc fallacy, in which temporal order is confused with causation.
bake-off: A cooking contest, especially one where competition is head-to-head, not limited to preparing food involving baking.
lordship: The state or condition of being a lord.
lordship: Title applied to a lord, bishop, judge, or another man with a title.
lordship: A boy or man who is behaving in a seigneurial manner or acting like a lord, behaving in a bossy manner or lording it up
lordship: Seigniory; domain; the territory over which a lord holds jurisdiction; a manor.
lordship: Dominion; power; authority.
gluttony: The vice of eating to excess.
blue jay: A species of North American jay with blue feathering from the top of its head to midway down its back, Cyanocitta cristata.
blue jay: One of the blue-marked species of the Old World bird genus Coracias.
cup size: the size of that part of a bra that holds the breasts
nut case: Alternative form of nutcase
simulant: Something that simulates something else such as a gemstone.
hangnail: A loose, narrow strip of nail tissue protruding from the side edge and anchored near the base of a fingernail or toenail.
hangnail: A pointed upper corner of the toenail (often created by improperly trimming by rounding the corner) that, as the nail grows, presses into the flesh or protrudes so that it may catch (“hang”) on stockings or shoes.
summoner: One who summons or evokes, particularly in legal contexts.
summoner: An apparitor; An officer of an ecclesiastical court whose job it was to deliver a summons to an offending member of the diocese.
summoner: A small bell for summoning an employee to provide service.
mainstay: A chief support.
mainstay: Someone or something that can be depended on to make a regular contribution.
mainstay: A stabilising rope from high on the mainmast to the base of the foremast.
emeritus: (plural emeriti or (rare) emerituses) A (male) person who is retired from active service or an occupation, especially one who retains an honorific version of a previous title.
emeritus: A (male) person who is retired from active service or an occupation, especially one who retains an honorific version of a previous title.
emeritus: An honorific version of a previous title.
ejection: The act of ejecting.
ejection: That which is ejected.
all that: That, and everything similar; all of that kind of thing; and so on, et cetera.
downside: A disadvantageous aspect of something that is normally advantageous.
downside: A downward tendency, especially in the price of shares etc.
downside: The side of something that is at the bottom, or that is intended to face downward.
enophile: Alternative form of oenophile
oligomer: A compound intermediate between a monomer and a polymer, normally having a specified number of units between about five and a hundred.
outliner: One who or that which draws an outline.
outliner: A software system for organizing text into a hierarchy.
Nazarene: A person from Nazareth.
Nazarene: A member of the Jewish sect of the Nazarenes.
Nazarene: A member of the Church of the Nazarene.
antinode: A region of maximum amplitude situated between adjacent nodes of a vibrating body, such as a string.
slipping: The act of something that slips; a slip; a skidding or sudden loosening motion.
monomyth: A cyclical journey or quest undertaken by a mythical hero.
gymkhana: A competition where riders and horses display a range of skills and aptitudes.
gymkhana: A place of public resort for athletic games, etc.
gymkhana: A meeting for such sports.
bibimbap: A Korean dish of white rice topped with vegetables, beef, a whole egg, and gochujang (chili pepper paste).
flagship: The ship occupied by the fleet's commander (usually an admiral); it denotes this by flying his flag.
flagship: The ship regarded as most important out of a group, e.g. a nation's navy or company's fleet.
flagship: The most important one out of a related group.
noticing: The act by which something is noticed.
road map: A map with a visual representation of roads used for automobile travel and navigation. A road map may contain other relevant data, such as terrain or railway lines.
road map: A plan of action, laying out the future actions of participants.
road map: A structured representation of objects to display a development plan, used in business for strategic planning and communications.
vaunting: boasting
aspirant: Someone who aspires to high office, etc.
walk-off: A prisoner who escapes custody without violence by taking advantage of the opportunity provided by negligent or distracted guards.
walk-off: A walkout.
walk-off: Any event or action in the bottom of the last inning of a game that scores a run and thereby ends the game with a victory to the team at bat.
glowworm: The larva or wingless grub-like female of a beetle from the families Phengodidae or Lampyridae that gives out a green light from its abdomen.
glowworm: A carnivorous gnat larva in the keroplatid genus Arachnocampa that spins threads to capture insects attracted by its glow.
reliever: Something which relieves (pain, etc.).
reliever: A relief pitcher.
reliever: Someone who fills in for another.
reliever: A garment kept for being lent out.
scumbria: mackerel
botulism: Poisoning caused by the toxin from Clostridium botulinum, an anaerobic bacterium that grows in improperly prepared food.
dripping: Solid animal fat, traditionally collected from dripping off roasting meat.
dripping: The sound or action of something that drips.
dripping: The use of a drip tip to drip e-liquid directly onto the atomizer of an e-cigarette.
seaboard: The area bordering the sea; a coastline; a sealine.
starving: starvation
halation: The action of light surrounding some object as if making a halo.
halation: The blurring of light around a bright area of a photographic image, or on a television screen.
saucebox: A saucy, impudent or impertinent person.
saucebox: The mouth.
dullness: The quality of being slow of understanding things; stupidity.
dullness: The quality of being uninteresting; boring; humorless or irksome.
dullness: Lack of interest or excitement.
dullness: The lack of visual brilliance; want of sheen.
dullness: bluntness.
dullness: The quality of not perceiving or kenning things distinctly.
dullness: Drowsiness.
aecidium: The cupulate fruiting body borne upon the mycelium of certain fungi commonly parasitic upon specimens of the Compositae, Lamiaceae, Leguminosae, and Ranunculaceae families
aecidium: A member of the form genus Aecidium.
viraemia: The condition or disease of having a virus in the bloodstream.
obliquus: An obliquus muscle; a muscle running obliquely.
tonality: The system of seven tones built on a tonic key; the 24 major and minor scales.
tonality: A sound of specific pitch and quality; timbre.
tonality: The quality of all the tones in a composition heard in relation to the tonic.
tonality: The interrelation of the tones in a painting.
rachitis: Rickets.
rachitis: A disease that produces abortion in the fruit.
historie: Archaic spelling of history.
aedicule: A small house or room.
adoption: The act of adopting.
adoption: The state of being adopted; the acceptance of a child of other parents as if he or she were one's own child.
adoption: Admission to an institution, for example a hospital, clinic, mental asylum.
adoption: The choosing and making that to be one's own which originally was not so; acceptance
adoption: Transfer between an old system to another (usually better) system.
adoption: An act of divine grace by which the redeemed in Christ are admitted to the privileges of the sons of God.
adoption: Ten consecutive wins against an opponent.
enduring: endurance
hootchie: Alternative form of hoochie (“promiscuous or scantily-dressed woman”)
hootchie: Alternative form of hutchie (“type of shelter”)
thieving: The action of theft.
ossature: A skeletal framework; an underlying structure.
ossature: Any supporting framework under a vault, roof etc.
oenology: The scientific study of wines and winemaking.
questing: The act of going in quest of something.
ensemble: A group of separate things that contribute to a coordinated whole.
ensemble: A coordinated costume or outfit; a suit.
ensemble: A group of musicians, dancers, actors, etc who perform together; e.g. the chorus of a ballet company.
ensemble: A piece for several instrumentalists or vocalists.
ensemble: A probability distribution for the state of the system.
ensemble: A supervised learning algorithm combining multiple hypotheses.
Mycenean: Alternative spelling of Mycenaean
herb tea: A beverage (a tisane) made by steeping herbs (sometimes also includes other plants, such as spices), other than tea leaves, in hot water. Technically not a tea because it does not contain tea leaves.
anal fin: A fin located on the underside of a fish behind the anus.
mint tea: An herb tea made by steeping leaves of plants of the mint family in hot water.
appliqué: Alternative spelling of applique
helpmeet: A helpful partner, particularly a spouse.
break up: Alternative form of breakup
vexillum: A flag, banner, or standard.
vexillum: A company of troops serving under one standard.
vexillum: The sign of the cross.
vexillum: The upper petal of a papilionaceous flower.
vexillum: The rhachis and web of a feather taken together.
whimbrel: A large migratory wading bird, Numenius phaeopus, of the family Scolopacidae, with a long downcurved bill.
evildoer: A person who performs evil acts.
crucifer: A person who carries a cross in a religious procession, a cross bearer.
crucifer: A member of the family Cruciferae, the cabbage family, including cabbage and mustard.
overkill: A destructive capacity that exceeds that needed to destroy an enemy; especially with nuclear weapons.
overkill: Destruction beyond what is necessary to kill, especially in murder.
overkill: An unnecessary excess of whatever is needed to achieve a goal.
overkill: An unnecessary excess of disposal because of too high criteria of inspection.
dishonor: US standard spelling of dishonour.
jeroboam: Alternative letter-case form of Jeroboam: a very large wine bottle.
atropine: An alkaloid extracted from the plant deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna) and other sources, such as the seeds of the thorn-apple. Though overdoses would be fatal it is used as a drug in medicine for its paralytic effects (e.g. in surgery to relax muscles, in dentistry to dry the mouth, in ophthalmology to dilate the pupils).
residuum: The residue, remainder or rest of something.
residuum: The solid material remaining after the liquid in which it was dissolved has been evaporated; a residue.
residuum: A binary function from [0,1] × [0,1] to [0,1] which is defined in terms of the t-norm as follows: x→y= sup z|z*x⩽y, where * denotes the t-norm function and sup denotes the supremum.
residuum: The residue of an estate.
inkstand: A small tray containing pens and an inkwell; (by extension) a pot for holding ink, inkpot, inkwell.
monopode: Someone or something with one foot.
cook-off: A cooking contest.
cook-off: Accidental detonation of explosives, especially as the result of excessive heat.
conjunct: Either term of a conjunction.
conjunct: An adjunct that supplements a sentence with information, connecting the sentence with previous parts of the discourse. Not considered to be an essential part of the propositional content.
airfield: An open field designated for the taking off and landing of aircraft, but which, unlike an airport, does not necessarily have terminals or paved runways.
Jeroboam: A bottle of champagne or Burgundy wine containing 3 liters of fluid, four times the volume of a standard bottle.
Jeroboam: A bottle of Bordeaux wine containing 4.5 liters of fluid, six times the volume of a standard bottle.
gramercy: Thanks.
nicotine: An alkaloid (C₁₀H₁₄N₂), commonly occurring in the tobacco plant. In small doses it is a habit-forming stimulant; in larger doses it is toxic and is often used in insecticides.
nicotine: Tobacco, cigarettes
bee balm: The aromatic plant Monarda didyma or bergamot, native to North America.
bee balm: Other species in the genus Monarda.
semestre: Obsolete form of semester.
taconite: A low-grade flint-like iron ore containing 20-30% iron.
slot-car: Alternative form of slot car
tabouret: Alternative spelling of taboret
cofactor: A contributing factor.
cofactor: A substance, especially a coenzyme or a metal, that must be present for an enzyme to function.
cofactor: A molecule that binds to and regulates the activity of a protein.
cofactor: The result of a number being divided by one of its factors.
cofactor: The signed determinant of the submatrix produced by removing the row and column containing a specified element; primarily used in the recursive definition and calculation of the determinant of a matrix.
jurymast: A temporary mast constructed when a vessel has been dismasted, usually in heavy weather.
sternway: Movement towards the stern; backwards motion of a vessel.
hepatica: Any of the herbaceous plants in the genus Hepatica of the buttercup family, notably the common hepatica.
jib boom: A spar attached to the outboard end of a bowsprit or flying jib boom with an additional stay to increase sail area.
electret: A solid dielectric having a quasi-permanent charge; usually a metallized film; used in electroacoustic and electromechanical transducers and in air filters.
foresail: The lowest (and usually the largest) square sail hung on the foremast
foresail: A square fore-and-aft sail set on the foremast, but behind it, on a schooner or other similar vessel.
foresail: A triangular sail set forward of the foremast: forestaysail.
vanillin: A chemical compound, 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde, that is the primary constituent of vanilla.
vanillin: Synthetic compound used as a substitute for the extract of the vanilla bean.
dotterel: A gullible fool, especially an elderly person with impaired faculties.
dotterel: A small brown-and-black bird, Charadrius morinellus, of the plover family.
dotterel: Any of various small birds of Australasia thought to resemble the Eurasian dotterel.
dabchick: a small grebe, little grebe (Tachybaptus ruficollis).
custodia: pyx (container for the host)
backstab: An act of backstabbing.
foremast: The mast nearest the bow, on a sailing ship with more than one mast or a non-sailing ship with any masts; the second-tallest mast on a full-rigged ship.
carucate: The notional area of land able to be farmed in a year by a team of 8 oxen pulling a carruca plow, usually reckoned at 120 acres.
cracking: The thermal decomposition of a substance, especially that of crude petroleum in order to produce petrol / gasoline.
cracking: The formation of cracks on a surface.
cracking: The production of a crack sound.
camisado: A nocturnal ambush or surprising act of aggression.
camisado: A shirt worn by soldiers over their uniform, in order to be able to recognize one another in a night attack.
Ethernet: A computer network that complies with this set of standards.
intercom: An electronic communication system, especially one between rooms in a building.
campsite: A place where one or more tents may be pitched for an overnight stay in an outdoor area.
zylonite: Misspelling of xylonite.
back end: The rear, back, or unseen portion (of something).
back end: That part of a hardware or software system that is farthest from the user; the internals rather than the user interface.
back end: The latter end of any given time, especially the latter part of the year; autumn; late autumn.
back end: Money paid on a contingent deferred basis, for example, as a proportion of the profits or revenue of a work.
back end: The processing of spent fuel from a nuclear reactor into reusable materials.
soredium: A common scalelike reproductive structure in lichens consisting of algal cells enveloped in a network of hyphae.
zymology: A treatise on the fermentation of liquors, or the doctrine of fermentation.
zymology: The science of or knowledge concerning fermentation.
zymogene: One of a physiological group of globular bacteria that produce fermentations of diverse nature; — distinguished from pathogene.
zymogene: Alternative form of zymogen.
zoöspore: Alternative spelling of zoospore
zoösperm: Alternative spelling of zoosperm
zoöphite: Alternative spelling of zoophyte
nativism: A policy of favoring native-born inhabitants over immigrants.
nativism: The policy of perpetuating the culture of the natives of a colonised country.
nativism: The doctrine that some skills or abilities are innate and not learned.
nativism: A theory that some knowledge of grammar is innate.
zoölatry: Alternative spelling of zoolatry
coupling: Act of joining together to form a couple.
coupling: A device that couples two things together.
coupling: The degree of reliance between two or more software modules.
coupling: A connection between two electronic circuits such that a signal can pass between them.
coupling: The property of physical systems that they are interacting with each other
coupling: Sexual intercourse.
zoogloea: A colony or mass of bacteria embedded in a viscous gelatinous substance, characteristic of a transitory stage through which rapidly multiplying bacteria pass in the course of their evolution.
zomboruk: Rare spelling of zamburak.
zoöphyte: Alternative spelling of zoophyte
brouhaha: A stir; a fuss or uproar.
trunnion: One of the short stubby bearings on either side of a cannon; a gudgeon.
trunnion: A similar rotational bearing comprising a rotating arc or ring sliding in the groove of a stationary arc, used in machinery to allow a workpiece to be moved relative to a fixed tool.
trunnion: A shaft, held by a bearing, at each end or side of a rotatable object.
trunnion: A similar rotational bearing used in automotive suspensions.
zoologer: a zoologist
nearside: The side of a road vehicle nearest to the kerb: the left side if one drives on the left of the road.
nearside: The face of the Moon nearest the Earth.
nearside: A streetcar designed to discharge passengers on the near side of an intersection, rather than the far side.
zirconia: The oxide of zirconium, obtained as a white powder, and possessing both acid and basic properties. On account of its infusibility, and brilliant luminosity when incandescent, it is used as an ingredient of sticks for the Drummond light.
colliery: An underground coal mine, together with its surface buildings.
colliery: A facility that supplies coal.
zoetrope: An optical toy, in which figures made to revolve on the inside of a cylinder, and viewed through slits in its circumference, appear like a single figure passing through a series of natural motions as if animated or mechanically moved.
conflate: A conflate text, one which conflates multiple version of a text together.
banlieue: The outskirts of a city, especially in France, inhabited chiefly by poor people living in tenement-style housing.
gangster: A member of a criminal or street gang.
gangster: A member of a professional criminal organization; a racketeer.
googolth: The person or thing in the googolth position.
googolth: One of a googol equal parts of a whole.
infernal: An inhabitant of the infernal regions, a demon.
gridelin: A dusky color between white and red; gray-violet.
exophora: A reference to something extralinguistic.
genetics: The branch of biology that deals with the transmission and variation of inherited characteristics, in particular chromosomes and DNA.
genetics: The genetic makeup of a specific individual or species.
longueur: A lengthy passage in a dramatic or literary work, especially a dull or tedious one; a period of boredom.
bioscope: An early form of movie projector
bioscope: A cinema or movie theatre.
talisman: A magical object providing protection against ill will, or the supernatural, or conferring the wearer with a boon such as good luck, good health, or power(s).
talisman: A mullah (Islamic religious scholar).
cohesion: State of cohering, or of working together.
cohesion: Various intermolecular forces that hold solids and liquids together.
cohesion: Growing together of normally distinct parts of a plant.
cohesion: Degree to which functionally related elements in a system belong together.
cohesion: Grammatical or lexical relationship between different parts of the same text.
emergent: A plant whose root system grows underwater, but whose shoot, leaves and flowers grow up and above the water.
katyusha: Alternative letter-case form of Katyusha
grandmom: Grandmother.
betrayer: Someone who betrays, or reveals confidential information; a squealer or informer.
empyrean: The region of pure light and fire; the highest heaven, where the pure element of fire was supposed by the ancients to exist: the same as the ether, the ninth heaven according to ancient astronomy, and Dante's poem.
tinsmith: A person who makes or repairs things with tin or similar alloys.
tinsmith: A dealer in tin goods.
fate map: a diagram of an embryo of some organism showing the structures that will develop from each part
setpoint: The command signal or value which is fed into a controller to establish the target or desired position or state of the controlled device or process.
zoospore: A motile asexual spore of some algae and fungi
speculum: A medical instrument used during an examination to dilate an orifice.
speculum: A mirror, especially one used in a telescope.
speculum: A bright, lustrous patch of colour found on the wings of ducks and some other birds, usually situated on the distal portions of the secondary quills, and much more brilliant in the adult male than in the female.
speculum: A lookout place.
duvetyne: A heavy black cloth used in the motion picture and film industry to block out unwanted light.
flywheel: A rotating mass used to maintain the speed of a machine within certain limits while the machine receives or releases energy at a varying rate, or as a form of energy storage.
eulogium: A eulogy.
linoleum: An inexpensive waterproof covering used especially for floors, made from solidified linseed oil over a burlap or canvas backing, or from its modern replacement, polyvinyl chloride.
food web: A diagram showing the organisms that eat other organisms in a particular ecosystem, predators being higher in the web than their prey.
sapphist: A lesbian.
Sapphist: An admirer or student of Sappho or her poetry.
conceder: One who concedes.
airwoman: A woman who flies in an aircraft; a female aviator.
seminary: A theological school for the training of rabbis, priests, or ministers.
seminary: A private residential school for girls.
seminary: A class of religious education for youths ages 14–18 that accompanies normal secular education.
seminary: A piece of ground where seed is sown for producing plants for transplantation.
seminary: The place or original stock from which anything is brought or produced.
seminary: Seminal state or polity.
seminary: A Roman Catholic priest educated in a foreign seminary; a seminarist.
seminary: An academic seminar.
resolver: One who or that which resolves.
resolver: A device whose electrical output is proportional to the angular position of an object such as a rotor.
tarpaper: A heavy paper, coated with tar, used to waterproof walls and roofs.
tractate: A treatise.
coldness: The relative lack of heat.
coldness: The sensation resulting from exposure to low temperatures.
coldness: Limited enthusiasm or affection; coolness.
coldness: The reciprocal of absolute temperature.
invasive: An invasive organism, such as an animal or plant.
G-string: A scanty covering for the genitalia, with a thin strip of fabric that passes between the buttocks.
G-string: A type of loincloth or breechcloth.
G-string: On a stringed musical instrument, the string that produces the note of G.
leucemia: Alternative spelling of leukemia
dog rose: The European wild rose, Rosa canina, having fragrant white or pink flowers and stems with sharp spines.
dog rose: A Rosa canina flower.
Kabbalah: Alternative spelling of Kabballah
kill-joy: Alternative spelling of killjoy
keysmith: A person who cuts keys.
kaoliang: A sorghum-based variety of baijiu.
kaoliang: Any of various Chinese varieties of sorghum.
holy war: A war that is entirely, primarily, or ostensibly religious in motivation; a war over religion.
holy war: A long-running and acrimonious debate or flame war over personal preferences in technical matters, such as the choice between little-endian and big-endian representation.
holy war: The rivalry between the sports teams of Brigham Young University and the University of Utah.
training: Action of the verb to train.
training: The activity of imparting and acquiring skills.
training: The result of good social upbringing.
training: The process by which two modems determine which protocol and speed to use; handshaking.
training: The recording of multiple samples of a user's voice to aid pattern recognition.
topology: The branch of mathematics dealing with those properties of a geometrical object (of arbitrary dimensionality) that are unchanged by continuous deformations (such as stretching, bending, etc., without tearing or gluing).
topology: Any collection τ of subsets of a given set X that contains both the empty set and X, and which is closed under finitary intersections and arbitrary unions.
topology: The anatomical structure of part of the body.
topology: The arrangement of nodes in a communications network.
topology: The properties of a particular technological embodiment that are not affected by differences in the physical layout or form of its application.
topology: The topographical study of geographic locations or given places in relation to their history.
topology: The art of, or method for, assisting the memory by associating the thing or subject to be remembered with some place.
kombucha: A fermentation of sweetened tea of Mongolian origin.
backside: The back side of anything, the part opposite its front
backside: The back side of an estate: the backyard and outbuildings behind a main house, especially (UK dialect, euphemistic) an outhouse.
backside: The back side of anything, the part opposite its front
backside: A person's buttocks.
backside: The back side of anything, the part opposite its front
backside: The back side of a page: a verso.
backside: The reverse or opposite of anything.
backside: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see back, side.
señorita: A young, unmarried woman in or from a Hispanophone community.
señorita: A small species of wrasse, Oxyjulis californica.
depender: An agent that depends on another agent, the dependee; the subject of a dependency, a dependent (used in agent-oriented programming)
muchacho: An informal term of address, especially to a young man; similar to man, chap, dude, etc.
Xtianity: Alternative form of Xianity (“abbreviation of Christianity”)
requital: Compensation for damage or loss; amends.
requital: Retaliation or reprisal; vengeance.
requital: Return in kind; recompense, repayment, reward.
creditor: A person to whom a debt is owed.
creditor: One who gives credence to something; a believer.
root kit: Alternative spelling of rootkit
scienter: knowledge of one's own illegal acts; intent
midbrain: A part of the brain located rostral to the pons and caudal to the thalamus and the basal ganglia, composed of the tectum (dorsal portion) and the tegmentum (ventral portion).
ludology: The study of games and other forms of play.
promover: A promoter.
sconcing: The activity of sconcing in general, as part of a meal or drinking game; commonly associated with crewdates; very similar to fining at Cambridge University.
sconcing: Uncommon form of sconce, as part of a meal or drinking game.
deadrise: The angle between a horizontal line drawn from the keel and the angle of the garboard and its attachment to the keel.
deadrise: A straight rise of bottom or floor extended out from the side of the keel at whatever angle of rise a particular boat design calls for.
outcross: The introduction of unrelated breeding stock to an existing population, especially one which is inbred or homogeneous.
outcross: A plant or animal produced by such methods.
garboard: The board on a boat which attaches to the keel running fore and aft along the bottom.
diatomic: A diatomic molecule or other species
contrail: An artificial cloud made by the exhaust of jet aircraft or wingtip vortices that precipitate a stream of tiny ice crystals in moist, frigid upper air.
amiantus: Alternative spelling of amianthus
uprising: A popular revolt that attempts to overthrow a government or its policies; an insurgency or insurrection.
scullion: A servant of the lower classes.
scullion: A low, base person.
scullion: Alternative form of scallion
sybarite: A person devoted to luxury and pleasure; a hedonist.
Nganasan: A member of a people who live in the extreme northwest of Siberia.
étouffée: A spiced Cajun stew of meat (crayfish, shellfish, alligator, chicken or another meat) and vegetables, typically cooked in a closed pot and then served with rice.
Ali Baba: An extremely lucky person, especially one who acquires a large fortune by luck or by chance.
Ali Baba: An Iraqi.
Ali Baba: A large container, such as a jar or a basket, with a flat base and usually a rounded body that tapers to a narrower neck.
sodomite: One who practices sodomy; a sodomist.
sodomite: A native or inhabitant of Sodom.
obligato: Alternative spelling of obbligato
prioress: A nun in charge of a priory (usually lower in rank than an abbess); mother superior.
steelpan: A percussion instrument consisting of a drum made of steel, originally from Trinidad.
steelpan: A style of music incorporating steelpans.
purebred: An animal which has genuine parents of the same breed.
pleading: The act of making a plea.
pleading: A document filed in a lawsuit, particularly a document initiating litigation or responding to the initiation of litigation.
internym: A phrase or epithet, particularly one intended to be witty, inserted in quotation marks between one's first and last names—or elsewhere by or in one's name, if this is not possible—at the end of a post.
prophase: The first stage of mitosis, during which chromatin condenses to form the chromosomes.
prophase: The first stage of meiosis.
nuthatch: Any of various small passerine birds from the family Sittidae (and its single genus Sitta), found throughout the northern hemisphere and noted for their unusual proclivity for climbing down trees head first.
thespian: An actor or player.
ley line: A supposed alignment of ancient sacred sites, such as megalith structures, along straight lines of mystical power.
ascender: A person or thing that ascends.
ascender: The portion of a lowercase letter that extends above the midline.
ascender: a mechanical device used for ascending on a rope; ascendeur.
logogram: A character or symbol (usually nonalphanumeric) that represents a word or phrase.
logogram: A kind of word puzzle: a logogriph.
Graecism: Alternative spelling of Grecism
noontide: midday, noon
noontide: climax; high point
nightjar: Any of various medium-sized nocturnal birds of the family Caprimulgidae, that feed predominantly on moths and other large flying insects.
conjunto: a small Latin American musical ensemble, mainly in Mexico and Cuba
cisterna: Any of the various membranes sections comprising some organelles like the Golgi apparatus and the endoplasmic reticulum.
lobbyist: A person who is paid to lobby politicians and encourage them to vote a certain way or otherwise use their office to effect a desired result.
localism: Attachment to a particular local place; feelings or policies which emphasize local phenomena.
localism: A linguistic feature that is unique to a locality.
localism: The belief that language functions are localized to various parts of the brain.
localism: An approach to understanding expressions in terms of position and movement (sometimes abstract, e.g. one who is hungry is in a notional "space" of hunger).
satanist: Alternative form of Satanist
arquebus: Alternative form of harquebus (“an obsolete matchlock firearm”).
fontanel: Alternative spelling of fontanelle
headgear: Anything worn on the head, such as a hat, hood, helmet, etc.
headgear: The harness that fits on a horse's head.
headgear: The lifting gear at the head of a mine or deep well.
headgear: The rigging on the foresail.
headgear: A type of orthodontic appliance attached to dental braces that aids in correcting severe bite problems.
lifespan: The length of time for which an organism lives.
lifespan: The length of time for which something exists or is current or valid.
kunoichi: a female ninja
radarman: A radar operator.
radarman: A person who operates all navigational and communications systems.
ski mask: A warm cap shielding the neck and head, often made out of wool and used in skiing, or stereotypically while committing a robbery.
dickweed: an undesirable person
catamite: A boy or younger man in a homoerotic relationship with an older man.
beasting: The imposition of arduous exercises, either as training or as punishment.
non-word: Any sequence of sounds or letters which is not considered to be a word, whether through an accidental gap (for example, phextapher-styphren) or through a systematic gap (for example, fssstpklyitnbkdv).
bioassay: The analysis of the biological activity of a substance, with reference to a standard preparation, using a culture of living cells, or a living creature.
backchat: Cheeky or impertinent responses, especially to criticism.
lovebird: Any small parrot from one of the nine species within the genus Agapornis. Sometimes they are kept as cage birds and are noted for their affection towards each other.
lovebird: One of the members of an openly affectionate couple.
backcomb: The hairstyle produced by backcombing.
backcomb: A decorative comb worn as an ornament and to secure a hairstyle.
wordplay: A humorous play on words; such plays on words collectively.
wordplay: A witty verbal exchange; such exchanges collectively.
mahogany: The wood of any of various tropical American evergreen trees, of the genus Swietenia, mostly used to make furniture.
mahogany: Any of the trees from which such wood comes.
mahogany: A Cornish drink made from gin and treacle.
mahogany: A reddish-brown color, like that of mahogany wood.
mahogany: A table made from mahogany wood; a dining table.
laziness: The quality of being lazy
ligature: The act of tying or binding something.
ligature: A cord or similar thing used to tie something; especially the thread used in surgery to close a vessel or duct.
ligature: A thread or wire used to remove tumours, etc.
ligature: The state of being bound or stiffened; stiffness.
ligature: A character that visually combines multiple letters, such as æ, œ, ß or ĳ; also logotype. Sometimes called a typographic ligature.
ligature: A group of notes played as a phrase, or the curved line that indicates such a phrase.
ligature: A curve or line connecting notes; a slur.
ligature: A piece used to hold a reed to the mouthpiece on woodwind instruments.
ligature: Impotence caused by magic or charms.
avoision: Nonpayment of tax that cannot clearly be seen as either tax avoidance, which is legal, or tax evasion, which is illegal.
natality: The ratio of live births in an area to the population of that area; expressed per 1000 population per year.
natality: The human ability to create new ideas, institutions and frameworks out of nothing.
decurion: An officer in charge of ten men in the ancient Roman army.
decurion: A member of local government in ancient Rome.
cytokine: Any of various small regulatory proteins that regulate the cells of the immune system.
air flow: Alternative spelling of airflow
air duct: A duct, through which air is forced or extracted, that forms part of a building's air conditioning and ventilation system.
sea wolf: Alternative spelling of seawolf
woodcock: Any of several wading birds in the genus Scolopax, of the family Scolopacidae, characterised by a long slender bill and cryptic brown and blackish plumage.
woodcock: A simpleton.
thematic: A postage stamp that is part of a thematic collection.
air hole: A hole in any surface that allows air or other gases to pass, especially an opening in the surface of a frozen lake etc.
air hole: An air pocket.
air hole: The blowhole of a whale.
sealskin: A type of fabric made from the skin of seals.
sealskin: Any fabric manufactured to resemble sealskin.
sealskin: An item of clothing made from sealskin (whether real or imitation).
manwhore: A man who has sex with clients for money; a male prostitute.
manwhore: A promiscuous man who has no regard for his sexual partners or the emotional value of his relationships.
redshank: Either of two species of Old World wading bird in the genus Tringa that have long red legs.
redshank: A species of moss (Ceratodon purpureus), also known as fire moss or purple horn toothed moss.
redshank: Lady's thumb or redleg (Persicaria maculosa), an herb in the buckwheat family.
redshank: A bare-legged person; one of the Scottish Highlanders, who wore kilts.
poontang: Female genitalia; the vulva or vagina.
poontang: Sexual intercourse with a woman.
hawfinch: A large Eurasian finch (Coccothraustes coccothraustes), with a thick bill.
air base: A military airport, providing housing and support for aircraft and personnel.
extender: Any of various substances designed to extend any of several properties of a material.
extender: Any of various components designed to extend the length of a device.
extender: Any substance added to food to bulk it out, with a higher protein content than a filler.
extender: A runner, or quick-draw.
extender: A phrase that extends an expression to include further members of a set, e.g. "and stuff", "or something".
agrarian: A person who advocates the political interests of working farmers
meridiem: Midday, noon.
meridiem: Either a.m. or p.m.
redstart: Any of various insectivorous ground-feeding birds, mainly of the genus Phoenicurus. Many of the species have a red tail.
redstart: A species of warbler native to the Americas, Setophaga ruticilla, only distantly related to Phoenicurus.
shedload: shitload; a large amount.
isonomia: Equality before the law; possession of equal rights; equal distribution of rights and privileges.
grab-bag: Alternative spelling of grab bag
svengali: One who manipulates or controls another as by some mesmeric or sinister influence; especially a coach, mentor or industry mogul.
tenesmus: A continual or recurrent but ineffectual inclination to evacuate the bowels, caused by disorder of the rectum or other illness.
bicuspid: A tooth with two cusps; a premolar tooth.
pinpoint: The point of a pin.
pinpoint: Something infinitesimal; a tiny point.
modality: The fact of being modal.
modality: The classification of propositions on the basis on whether they claim possibility, impossibility, contingency or necessity; mode.
modality: The inflection of a verb that shows how its action is conceived by the speaker; mood
modality: A method of diagnosis or therapy.
modality: Any of the senses (such as sight or taste)
modality: A particular way in which the information is to be encoded for presentation to humans, i.e. to the type of sign and to the status of reality ascribed to or claimed by a sign, text or genre.
modality: The organization and structure of the church, as distinct from sodality or parachurch organizations.
modality: The subject concerning certain diatonic scales known as musical modes.
modality: The way in which infrastructure and knowledge of how to use it give rise to a meaningful pattern of interaction (a concept in Anthony Giddens's structuration theory).
modality: The quality of being limited by a condition.
caracole: A half-turn performed by a horse and rider in dressage.
caracole: A combat maneuver where riders of the same squadron turn simultaneously to their left or to their right.
caracole: A spiral staircase.
Finnmark: The Finnish markka (currency unit).
stamping: The sound or action of one who stamps.
stamping: A method of manufacturing using dies and extreme pressure.
stamping: A part made by such a method.
textbook: A coursebook, a formal manual of instruction in a specific subject, especially one for use in schools or colleges.
lorikeet: Any of various small, brightly coloured parrots native to Australasia. They are usually classified in the subfamily Loriinae.
shelduck: Any of various waterfowl of the genus Tadorna, native to Eurasia, Africa and Australasia.
tin foil: Alternative spelling of tinfoil
juvenile: A prepubescent child.
juvenile: A person younger than the age of majority; a minor.
juvenile: A person younger than the age of full criminal responsibility, such that the person either cannot be held criminally liable or is subject to less severe forms of punishment.
juvenile: A publication for young adult readers.
juvenile: An actor playing a child's role.
juvenile: A sexually immature animal.
juvenile: A two-year-old racehorse.
fall guy: One who is gullible and easily duped.
fall guy: A scapegoat.
woodwose: A wild man of the woods; a faun, a satyr or a representation of such a being in heraldry or other decoration.
garganey: A small dabbling duck, Anas querquedula, that breeds in much of Europe and western Asia, and winters in Africa.
marinade: A seasoned, often acidic liquid mixture in which food is marinated, or soaked, usually to flavor and prepare it for cooking.
nonuplet: A group of nine, particularly (music) a tuplet of nine notes.
nonuplet: One of a group of nine, particularly one of nine babies born from the same mother at one time.
webcomic: An online comic, especially one first published on the Internet.
art form: Any activity or piece of work that has artistic merit.
goatherd: A person who herds, tends goats.
ethnonym: The name of an ethnic group, nation, nationality, tribe, tribal alliance, clan, or other ethnic community.
shoveler: One who, or that which, shovels.
shoveler: Any of four species of dabbling duck, in the genus Anas, with distinctive spatulate bills.
bluebird: Any of various North American birds of the genus Sialia in the thrush family. Their plumage is blue or blue and red.
bluebird: Any of various African starlings of the genus Lamprotornis, family Sturnidae, having predominantly glossy blue plumage.
blackcap: A small Old World warbler, Eurasian blackcap (Sylvia atricapilla), which is mainly grey with a black crown.
blackcap: Any of various species of titmouse (of the family Paridae), including the black-capped chickadee (Poecile atricapillus, syn. Parus atricapillus).
blackcap: An apple roasted until black, to be served in a dish of boiled custard.
blackcap: Whitebark raspberry (Rubus leucodermis).
facemask: A covering used to protect or disguise the face.
facemask: A full-face diving mask.
facemask: A covering used to protect or disguise the face.
facemask: A surgical mask.
facemask: A covering used to protect or disguise the face.
facemask: A mask made of common textiles worn over the mouth and nose, such as a bandana, handkerchief, or scarf.
facemask: A covering used to protect or disguise the face.
facemask: A dust mask.
facemask: A covering used to protect or disguise the face.
facemask: A respirator.
facemask: A facial mask (cosmetic application).
facemask: The part of the helmet that directly covers the face, made of one or more plastic-coated metal bars.
facemask: The foul of grasping it during play.
basement: A floor of a building below ground level.
basement: A mass of igneous or metamorphic rock forming the foundation over which a platform of sedimentary rocks is laid.
basement: Last place in a sports conference's standings.
gamecock: A rooster used in cockfighting.
whinchat: A small Old World songbird, Saxicola rubetra, that feeds on insects.
basilect: A variety of a language that has diverged greatly from the standard form, and is only considered suitable for very informal contexts by speakers.
logolept: A person who takes a keen interest in words.
eschaton: The apocalypse; the arrival and the era of God’s reign immediately preceding the end of the world; a conception of or circumstance pertaining to this era.
eschaton: An end or fulfilment of history in general.
bushfire: An uncontrolled fire in a wooded or grassy area; a wildfire.
backbeat: The sharp accent on the second and fourth beats of rock music in 4/4 time.
homespun: Fabric made from homespun yarn. Also, machine made fabrics (usually cottons) similar to homespun fabrics in that solids, plaids, or stripes are created by weaving dyed threads (rather than printing), so that both sides of the fabric look the same.
homespun: An unpolished, rustic person.
parousia: The second coming of Christ.
antiskid: Antiskid braking.
œstrogen: Alternative spelling of estrogen
fighting: The act or process of contending; violence or conflict.
fighting: A fight or battle; an occasion on which people fight
wheatear: Any of various passerine birds of the genus Oenanthe that feed on insects,
wheatear: Any of various passerine birds of the genus Oenanthe that feed on insects,
wheatear: especially, the northern wheatear (Oenanthe oenanthe)
wheatear: An ear of wheat.
wheatear: A decorative pattern resembling an ear of wheat.
doorstep: An outside step leading up to the door of a building, usually a home.
doorstep: One's immediate neighbourhood or locality.
doorstep: A thick slice, especially of bread.
mandolin: A stringed instrument of the lute family, having eight strings in four courses, frequently tuned as a violin, and with either a bowl-shaped back or a flat back.
mandolin: A kitchen tool for julienning vegetables.
macaroon: A soft biscuit or cookie prepared with almond or coconut dough.
macaroon: Alternative spelling of macaron
macaroon: A coarse, rude, low fellow.
bavarois: A pudding similar to pastry cream but thickened with gelatin or isinglass instead of flour or cornstarch, and flavoured with liqueur.
clinical: A medical student's session spent in a real-world nursing environment.
backdate: An assigned date that is earlier than the current or true date.
fullness: Being full; completeness.
fullness: The degree to which a space is full.
fullness: The degree to which fate has become known.
fullness: A measure of the degree to which a muscle has increased in size parallel to the axis of its contraction. A full muscle fills more of the space along the part of the body where it is connected.
handcuff: One ring of a locking fetter for the hand or one pair.
knit cap: A soft, head-hugging cap usually without a specified front or back, barring those with designs or logos
dyestuff: Any soluble pigment used for dyeing the hair, fabric, etc.
fiducial: In photography, a familiar reference object used to show size or scale, such as a ruler or a coin; a fiducial marker.
fiducial: In manufacturing, a small mark on a circuit board used to align components; a fiducial point.
anaglyph: A decorative ornament worked in low relief or bas relief, such as a piece of cameo jewelry.
anaglyph: A matched pair of images designed to produce a three-dimensional effect when viewed using spectacles that have usually one red and one bluish-green lens, corresponding to the colors of the pairs of images.
defilade: A fortification having such protection.
plectics: the study of complexity and its underlying simplicity
estrogen: Any of a group of steroids that are secreted by the ovaries and function as female sex hormones.
betatron: A form of cyclotron used to accelerate electrons to high speed.
sasanach: Alternative spelling of sassenach
carrying: Transportation.
rear end: The back or hindmost part of anything, such as a car.
rear end: The buttocks.
ptomaine: Any of various amines formed by putrefactive bacteria.
ptomaine: Food poisoning.
gum tree: A eucalyptus tree, including trees now placed in the genera Angophora and Corymbia.
gum tree: Sapium glandulosum, found from northern Argentina to southern Mexico.
headlock: A wrestling move where the attacker puts their arm tightly round their opponent's head, which the opponent can't easily escape from.
mosh pit: The spontaneous dance floor created in front of a stage when people mosh.
intended: Fiancé or fiancée.
emigrant: Someone who leaves a country to settle in a new country.
emigrant: Any of various pierid butterflies of the genus Catopsilia. Also called a migrant.
mesoderm: One of the three tissue layers in the embryo of a metazoan animal. Through embryonic development, it will produce many internal organs of the adult, e.g. muscles, spine and circulatory system.
flaperon: An aircraft control surface at the trailing edge of a wing that acts as an aileron (controlling movement around the longitudinal axis) and a flap (changing the chord line of the wing, thus affecting the angle of attack).
mycology: The study of fungi, in the wide sense.
abdelavi: A variety of muskmelon from North Africa and Arabia, Cucumis melo.
endoderm: One of the three tissue layers in the embryo of a metazoan animal. Through development, it will produce the digestive system of the adult.
metazoan: Any animal that undergoes development from an embryo stage with two or three tissue layers, namely the ectoderm, endoderm, and sometimes mesoderm.
metazoan: Any animal that is multicellular.
eyeliner: Makeup used to outline the eye, generally applied along or close to the lashline.
otoscope: An instrument used for examining the eardrum and interior of the outer ear.
copyedit: The process or act of copyediting a document.
copyedit: The result of copyediting a document.
copyedit: A single change to the text of a document that is an instance of copyediting.
ectoderm: Outermost of the three tissue layers in the embryo of a metazoan animal. Through development, it will produce the epidermis (skin) and nervous system of the adult.
jeweller: Alternative spelling of jeweler
surplice: A liturgical vestment of the Christian Church in the form of a tunic of white linen or cotton material, with wide or moderately wide sleeves, reaching to the hips or knees, usually featuring lace decoration and embroidered bordures.
firebomb: A weapon that causes fire; an incendiary weapon.
deadlock: A standstill resulting from the opposition of two evenly matched forces; a stalemate or impasse.
deadlock: An inability to continue due to two programs or devices each requiring a response from the other before completing an operation.
ekstasis: The state of being beside oneself or rapt out of oneself.
retailer: A retail sales company or salesman.
royalist: A monarchist (supporter of monarchy) or supporter of a particular royal régime.
royalist: A legitimist, a supporter of a particular royal line, especially one in danger of being dispossessed of a throne or actually dispossessed of such, and claiming to have the better claim to the throne on the basis of line of descent; especially:
royalist: a Cavalier, a supporter of King Charles I of England during the English Civil War.
royalist: A legitimist, a supporter of a particular royal line, especially one in danger of being dispossessed of a throne or actually dispossessed of such, and claiming to have the better claim to the throne on the basis of line of descent; especially:
royalist: a supporter of the House of Bourbon, in France since the 18th century and especially during the French Revolution.
royalist: A legitimist, a supporter of a particular royal line, especially one in danger of being dispossessed of a throne or actually dispossessed of such, and claiming to have the better claim to the throne on the basis of line of descent; especially:
royalist: a supporter of Ferdinand VII of Spain in Spanish South America during the South American Wars of Independence of the 1810s and 1820s.
punch-up: A fight with the fists.
hosannah: Alternative spelling of hosanna
finitude: The state or characteristic of being finite; limitedness.
luminary: One who is an inspiration to others; one who has achieved success in one's chosen field; a leading light.
luminary: A body that gives light; especially, one of the heavenly bodies.
luminary: An artificial light; an illumination.
webisode: A short audio or video presentation on an Internet site.
webisode: An episode of an Internet-based movie etc.
webisode: An episode of a television show that is only aired online.
sandspit: A small sandy point of land or a narrow shoal projecting into a body of water from the shore
sourpuss: A person who is habitually gloomy, sullen or miserable; a grouch. A scowling person.
postgrad: Abbreviation of postgraduate.
recovery: The act or process of regaining or repossession of something lost.
recovery: A return to normal health.
recovery: A return to former status or position.
recovery: The act of regaining the natural position after curtseying.
recovery: A return to former status or position.
recovery: The act of regaining the position of guard after making an attack, in fencing, sparring, etc.
recovery: Renewed growth after a slump.
recovery: The recovery of debt.
recovery: A verdict giving somebody the right to recover debts or costs.
recovery: The extraction of an ore from a mine, or of a metal from an ore
recovery: The ability to recover or regain health.
fuselage: The main body of an aerospace vehicle; the long central structure of an aircraft to which the wings (or rotors), tail, and engines are attached, and which accommodates crew and cargo.
atheroma: An abnormal fatty deposit which develops within the walls of arteries.
atheroma: A kind of cyst on the scalp.
rice rat: A New World rat of the genus Oryzomys, having an exceptionally long tail.
rice rat: A rat of the species Oryzomys palustris, found in rice fields and grassy marshes of Mexico, Central America and the southern United States.
chatline: A telephone service in which a caller may converse with an operator on a specific subject.
chatline: A similar service which allows conversation among a number of separate callers.
gazpacho: A cold soup of Spanish origin, made with olive oil, vinegar and raw vegetables such as tomatoes, garlic, onion, cucumber and sweet peppers.
hawthorn: Any of various shrubs and small trees of the genus Crataegus having small, apple-like fruits and thorny branches
teratoma: A benign or malignant tumour, especially of the gonads, that arises from germ cells and consists of different types of tissue such as skin, hair, or muscle.
benefice: Land granted to a priest in a church that has a source of income attached to it.
benefice: A favour or benefit.
benefice: An estate in lands; a fief.
contango: The situation in a futures market where prices for future delivery are higher than prices for immediate (or nearer) delivery, indicating the expectation that the price of the underlying asset will go up.
contango: The amount by which prices for future delivery are higher than prices for near delivery.
contango: Fee paid by a buyer to the seller on settlement day when the buyer wishes to defer settlement until the next settlement day.
backroom: A room near the rear of a premises, especially one that is only accessible to a privileged few and can be used as an inconspicuous meeting place.
neoplasm: An abnormal new growth of disorganized tissue in animals or plants.
gas mark: Any of the measurements on a scale of temperatures in domestic gas cookers.
Old Bill: A police officer.
Old Bill: The police force.
Old Bill: A soldier, especially one who resembles the cartoon character of the same name created by Bruce Bairnsfather in 1914.
compadre: A friend or companion.
holyness: Alternative spelling of holiness
geocoris: The big-eyed bug.
Harlemer: A person from Harlem.
Bisquick: Alternative letter-case form of bisquick
bringing: The act by which something is brought.
throw-in: A set-piece where the ball is thrown back into play
throw-in: A throw of the ball back into play by the boundary umpire. The umpire faces away from the players and throws it in over his or her shoulder (so as to clearly not favour either side by where exactly it's thrown).
throw-in: the start time of a Gaelic football match, comparable to kick off in other games.
throw-in: An extra item added free of charge; a product that is thrown in with another.
nutshell: The shell that surrounds the kernel of a nut.
nutshell: A short book summarizing an area of law.
nutshell: A small boat; a boat considered small in comparison to the seas.
dewberry: Small brambles of the genus Rubus which have stems that trail along the ground.
dewberry: European dewberry, Rubus caesius.
dewberry: Small brambles of the genus Rubus which have stems that trail along the ground.
dewberry: American dewberry, species of Rubus sect. Flagellares
dewberry: The purple to black berries of these plants.
mangrove: Any of various tropical evergreen trees or shrubs that grow in intertidal coastal brackish waters.
mangrove: A habitat with such plants; mangrove forest; mangrove swamp; mangal.
mangrove: Any of various plants of the Rhizophoraceae family.
mangrove: Any of various trees of the genus Rhizophora.
mamogram: Non-standard spelling of mammogram.
mamogram: 1985, United States House Subcommittee on Health and the Environment, Health and the Environment, Miscellaneous
mamogram: For example, one of the things we have been negotiating with our radiologists is control of our costs in terms of common procedures like mamograms. One of the things they have just found we have almost doubled the rate in our program of mamograms and what we are finding is that the standards are substantially changing in that area.
mamogram: 2000, Thomas B Kohnstamm, Lonely Planet Costa Rica Spanish Phrasebook,
mamogram: mamogram la mamografía
mamogram: 2002, T. Hartkens et al., “Using Points and Surfaces to Improve Voxel-Based Non-rigid Registration,” Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention — MICCAI 2002, Takeyoshi Dohi, Ron Kikinis edd. http://books.google.com/books?ie=UTF-8&hl=en&id=IbHfDN-E0KoC&pg=RA1-PA565&lpg=RA1-PA565&sig=na86YUwbN1WBBcn_NGCdkmacg4w
panforte: A dense flat cake made with honey, hazelnuts, almonds, candied fruit, cocoa and spices; a speciality of Siena.
botanica: A shop that deals in herbs and charms used especially by followers of santería.
bang out: Someone who works or studies seemingly way too much.
audition: A performance, by an aspiring performer, to demonstrate suitability or talent.
audition: The sense of hearing.
audition: An act of hearing; being heard.
audition: Something heard.
branding: The process in which a mark, usually a symbol or ornamental pattern, is burned into the skin of a living person or animal.
branding: The promotion of a commercial brand of product in order to give it greater public awareness.
tandoori: A dish that was cooked in a tandoor.
penlight: A small torch/flashlight that resembles a fountain pen.
crossbar: Any transverse bar or piece, such as a bar across a door, or the iron bar or stock which passes through the shank of an anchor.
crossbar: The top of the goal structure.
crossbar: The top tube of a bicycle frame.
limit up: Condition where the price of the commodity has risen by the maximum daily amount permitted by the exchange.
sorority: A group of girls or women associated for a common purpose; a sisterhood.
sorority: A social organization of female students at a college or university; usually identified by Greek letters.
bed hair: Synonym of bedhead
pyramids: The game of pyramid pool.
pearling: The process by which grain is pearled.
pearling: The voyage of hunting for pearls.
welcomer: Something which or someone who welcomes people, especially newcomers.
welcomer: Something or someone that greets or is present for the arrival of something.
bioscopy: the examination of a body to determine if it is alive or dead
woodwork: Something made from wood, especially cabinets and trim (e.g., baseboards, doorframes) made from millwork.
woodwork: Working with wood.
woodwork: A place of concealment or obscurity.
woodwork: The frame of the goal, i.e. the goalpost or crossbar.
lifehack: Any process or technique that reduces the chaos in one's life and makes it easier to manage, or more convenient.
lifehack: The sharing (communication) of such a technique: synonym of life pro tip (but see usage note).
wave ski: A short watercraft seating one rider, propelled by a two-ended paddle, designed for surfing waves.
novation: Replacement of a contract with one or more new contracts, in particular in financial markets the replacement of a contract between a particular buyer and seller with contracts between the clearing house and each party.
novation: A new contract between the original contracting parties whereby the first obligation is extinguished and a new obligation is substituted.
i-dotter: A detail-oriented individual.
tail pad: A deck grip pad at the rear (ie. tail) of a surfboard, for the surfer's back foot to stand on.
meekness: The state or quality of being meek.
Holiness: Used in connection with His or Your to address the leader of some religious traditions, notably the pope.
pop quiz: A quiz or test given without warning or prior announcement.
surf ski: Long narrow water craft (about 18 feet long) seating one person, propelled by paddling with a two-ended paddle and incorporating a small rudder controlled by foot levers. Designed for recreation or competition in surf, especially surf life saving, but only for going straight out and in, not for surfing across a wave like a wave ski.
closeout: A wave which breaks all at once, as opposed to breaking progressively along its length.
closeout: A sale in which all merchandise is sold, at whatever reduced price is necessary
Aaronite: A descendant of Aaron; a Levite.
holiness: The state or condition of being holy.
bad luck: An undesirable turn of events (such as an accident); misfortune.
brindisi: A drinking song in which each person is toasted.
procurer: A person who procures or obtains things, especially one who procures customers for prostitutes.
Silesian: An inhabitant of Silesia.
six pack: Alternative form of six-pack
blaccent: An accent characteristic of African-Americans (black Americans).
demijohn: A large bottle with a short neck, sometimes with two small handles at the neck, sometimes encased in wickerwork.
studying: The action of the verb to study.
blogster: One who blogs.
quietude: tranquility
cœlomate: A group of animals possessing a fluid-filled cavity within which the digestive system is suspended.
anecdata: Anecdotal evidence.
consense: agreement
preterit: Alternative form of preterite
adessive: the adessive case, or a word in that case.
allative: The allative case, or a word in that case.
illative: A word or phrase that expresses an inference (such as for or therefore).
illative: An illation.
illative: The illative case, or a word in that case.
egomania: Excessive vanity, pride or arrogance; self-importance.
hang ten: This type of longboard move.
confrere: A colleague or fellow, especially a professional one.
confrere: A fellow member of a religious organization, referring especially to Catholic religious orders of men.
largesse: The trait of being willing to donate money, resources, or time; generosity, liberality.
largesse: Often preceded by do, give, or make: the generous or liberal giving of gifts or money, especially by someone of high standing on a special occasion; also, excessive or wasteful giving.
largesse: Money, etc., given in this way.
largesse: Abundance of something (chiefly beneficial), regarded as having been given generously.
largesse: Chiefly in the form at one's largesse: freedom or liberty to act.
largesse: An act of donating or giving generously.
largesse: A specific gift of money, etc., given in this way, specifically (historical) at harvest time; a donation, a gratuity.
aasvogel: Vulture.
inessive: The inessive case, or a word in that case.
portolan: A chart of European navigable waters based on descriptions of coasts.
flourine: Misspelling of fluorine.
berylium: Misspelling of beryllium.
magnetar: A neutron star or pulsar with an extremely powerful magnetic field, especially those on which starquakes occur, thought to be the source of some gamma-ray bursts.
boyology: The examination or study of male adolescence.
jailbird: A prisoner or an ex-prisoner
cure-all: Synonym of panacea: a medicine or practice that cures all human ailments.
fielding: The act of one who fields.
fielding: The role of a fielder.
idealist: One who adheres to idealism.
idealist: Someone whose conduct stems from idealism rather than from practicality.
idealist: An unrealistic or impractical visionary.
schicksa: Alternative form of shiksa
bovarysm: An imagined or unrealistic conception of oneself.
bovarysm: An anxiety to escape from a social or sentimental condition judged to be unsatisfactory, sometimes by building a fictitious personality.
polypill: Medication that is a combination drug of multiple active ingredients, and that is intended to be consumed widely, even by currently healthy individuals, as a means of preventative medicine
abessive: The abessive case, or a word in this case.
cystitis: Inflammation of the urinary bladder.
acnestis: The section of an animal's skin that it cannot reach in order to scratch itself, usually the space between the shoulder blades.
pop shop: A pawnshop.
Phrygian: A native or inhabitant of Phrygia.
Phrygian: A Montanist.
parallax: An apparent shift in the position of two stationary objects relative to each other as viewed by an observer, due to a change in observer position.
parallax: The angle of seeing of the astronomical unit.
breviary: A book containing prayers, hymns, and so on for everyday use at the canonical hours.
breviary: A brief statement or summary.
hematoma: A swelling of blood, usually clotted, which forms as a result of broken blood vessels.
potholer: Someone who explores potholes as a hobby.
popinjay: A parrot.
popinjay: A decorative image of a parrot on a tapestry, cloth etc.
popinjay: A vain, gaudy person; someone who is shallow or superficial.
popinjay: A target to shoot at, typically stuffed with feathers or plumage.
popinjay: The green woodpecker, Picus viridis.
strangle: A trading strategy using options, constructed through taking equal positions in a put and a call with different strike prices, such that there is a payoff if the underlying asset's value moves beyond the range of the two strike prices.
caducity: Dotage or senility.
caducity: The state of being impermanent or transitory.
rhinitis: Inflammation of the mucous membranes of the nose.
Trappist: A monk or nun of the Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance (a branch of the Cistercians Roman Catholic religious brotherhood that use a particularly strict interpretation of the Rule of St Benedict).
coiffure: hairstyle
combined: Ellipsis of alpine combined..
combined: Ellipsis of Nordic combined..
pop shot: A quickly aimed or haphazard shot with a firearm.
pop shot: Synonym of money shot
affected: Someone affected, as by a disease.
Savoyard: A native or resident of Savoy.
savoyard: Ladyfinger cookie.
diphenyl: Synonym of biphenyl
pot shot: A haphazard shot with a firearm, taken with careless aim, often fired at a random target.
pot shot: A shot taken from a hidden stakeout.
pot shot: By analogy, insulting or hurtful words carelessly or randomly said; opportunistic attack, especially criticism.
nepotism: The favoring of relatives (most strictly) or also personal friends (more broadly) because of their relationship rather than because of their abilities.
chiliasm: Belief in an earthly thousand-year period of peace and prosperity, sometimes equated with the return of Jesus for that period.
markings: the pattern of colouration on a particular animal
numbness: Absent or reduced sensitivity to cutaneous stimulation.
numbness: Inability or reduced ability to experience emotion.
academia: The scientific and cultural community engaged in higher education and research, taken as a whole.
academia: Continuous study at higher education institutions; scholarship.
planning: Action of the verb to plan.
planning: The act of formulating of a course of action, or of drawing up plans.
planning: The act of making contingency plans.
planning: Planning permission.
premolar: A tooth situated in front of the molar teeth; especially a tooth in humans with two cusps which is between the canines and the molars (Latin: singular dens premolaris, plural dentes premolares)
supplies: Financial resources supplied, often for a particular purpose.
biphenyl: A colourless solid hydrocarbon, C₁₂H₁₀, consisting of two benzene rings linked together by a single bond
biphenyl: Any substituted or otherwise altered version of biphenyl, such as PCBs
entering: action of the verb to enter
esculent: Something edible, especially a vegetable; a comestible.
esculent: An edible mushroom.
sign off: The closing of a radio or television station's studios and cessation of the broadcasting signal, usually overnight.
trapping: An instance of ensnaring something or someone.
trapping: An ornamental covering or harness for a horse; caparison.
unsigned: A numeric value or variable that has no sign and can only be positive.
menacing: The act of making menaces or threats.
clemency: The gentle or kind exercise of power; leniency, mercy; compassion in judging or punishing.
clemency: A pardon, commutation, or similar reduction, removal, or postponement of legal penalties by an executive officer of a state.
clemency: Mildness of weather.
sniggler: A person who catches eels by hand, one who sniggles.
zibeline: A thick, soft woolen fabric with a long nap.
zibeline: The sable, or its pelt.
omnivore: An animal which is able to consume both plants (like a herbivore) and meat (like a carnivore).
offering: gerund of offer
offering: The act by which something is offered.
offering: gerund of offer
offering: That which has been offered; a sacrifice.
offering: gerund of offer
offering: An oblation or presentation made as a religious act.
offering: gerund of offer
offering: A contribution given at a religious service.
offering: gerund of offer
offering: Something put forth, bid, proffered or tendered, such as for sale
kalakand: an Indian form of cheesecake made from sweetened milk with chopped nuts and, sometimes, saffron and edible silver foil
favorite: Alternative form of favourite
ovaritis: inflammation of the ovary
slowworm: A small Old World lizard, Anguis fragilis, often mistaken for a snake, having no legs and small eyes.
pentacle: A flat talisman, almost always star-shaped, made of parchment, sheet metal, or other substance, marked with a magic symbol or symbols, used in magical evocation.
pentacle: A pentagram, or a disk with a pentagram on it, especially one that is used for magical or mystical purposes.
pentacle: A circumscribed pentagram.
pentacle: A figure formed by two equilateral triangles intersecting regularly so as to form a six-pointed star.
tiramisù: Alternative spelling of tiramisu
ash cash: The fees claimed by a medical practitioner for completing forms required for cremation of a body.
creating: creation
let-down: A disappointment or anticlimax.
let-down: The neurohormonal release of milk in dairy cows or in breastfeeding human mothers.
let-down: The clearance of an aircraft to descend through clouds to clear air below, or the process of granting such a clearance.
trim tab: A control surface set within or attached to a larger control surface that provides trim to obtain a desired attitude without constant inputs to the primary control surfaces (e.g., ailerons and rudders).
jack-tar: Alternative spelling of jacktar
Lady Day: 25th March, an English quarter day.
Lady Day: 25th March, Christian holy day, the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary.
agronomy: The science of utilizing plants, animals and soils for food, fuel, feed, and fiber and more. To do this effectively and sustainably, agronomy encompasses work in the areas of plant genetics, plant physiology, meteorology, animal sciences and soil science.
smuggler: One who smuggles things.
smuggler: A vessel employed in smuggling.
movieoke: an entertainment in which someone acts out a scene from a movie, against a silent version of it as background
libelist: One who libels, a libeler.
anaphase: The stage of mitosis and meiosis during which the chromosomes separate; the chromatid moving to opposite poles of the cell.
puffball: Any of various fungi that produce a cloud of brown dust-like spores from their mature fruiting bodies.
puffball: Something lacking substance.
fauxhawk: An imitation of the Mohawk hairstyle in which a central tuft is created using gel without having to shave the sides of the head.
impaired: A criminal charge for driving a vehicle while impaired.
monicker: Alternative spelling of moniker
yuletide: Alternative letter-case form of Yuletide (“Christmas or the Christmas season”).
yuletide: The flower Camellia sasanqua, native to Japan and nearby islands.
lunation: A month of an average of approximately 29.53 days, measured from a lunar phase until the return of that same phase.
lunation: The irregular period from one new moon until the next.
lapdance: Alternative spelling of lap dance
backspin: Spin applied to a ball in order to slow it, change its flight, or stop it when it lands.
backspin: Synonym of spinback
acapella: Alternative spelling of a cappella
pig lead: unrefined lead, cast in blocks called pigs
coliseum: A large theatre, cinema, or stadium.
coliseum: A large, often circular building, for indoor sporting events, exhibitions, concerts, etc.; arena.
lacrosse: A sport played on a field between two opposing teams using sticks (crosses) and a ball, whereby one team defeats the other by scoring more goals within the allotted time.
damaging: An act of causing damage.
hellhole: A place of intense hatred, misery, or turmoil.
colophon: In manuscripts (typically before the invention of printing), the note, usually at the end, left by the scribe who copied it, giving information on their exemplar, where and when the copy was made, and sometimes, their own name.
colophon: A printer's or publisher's identifying inscription or logo appearing at the front or end of a book, or the same appearing on the spine or dust jacket.
colophon: A page on a website identifying the details of its creation, such as the author's name and the technologies used.
colophon: A finishing stroke or crowning touch.
nautilus: A marine mollusc, of the family Nautilidae native to the Pacific Ocean and Indian Ocean, which has tentacles and a spiral shell with a series of air-filled chambers, of which Nautilus is the type genus.
nautilus: A kind of diving bell that sinks or rises by means of compressed air.
thriving: The action of the verb to thrive.
back pay: A withheld payment for work which has already been completed, or which could have been completed had the employee not been prevented from doing so.
back pay: Pay received by an employee from an increase awarded retrospectively, and backdated.
bush pig: An African pig of the genus Potamochoerus; Potamochoerus porcus or Potamochoerus larvatus.
bush pig: A fat and very ugly woman.
activism: The practice of using action to achieve a result, such as political demonstration or a strike in support of or in opposition to an issue.
furbelow: A frill, flounce, or ruffle, as on clothing; a decorative piece of fabric, especially one gathered or pleated as into a ruffle, etc.
furbelow: A small, showy ornamentation.
libeller: One who libels.
scapular: A short cloak worn around the shoulders, adopted as part of the uniform of various religious orders, later often with an embroidered image of a saint.
scapular: One of a special group of feathers which arise from each of the scapular regions and lie along the sides of the back.
scapular: A bandage passing over the shoulder to support it, or to retain another bandage in place.
scapular: A devotional object, typically consisting of two rectangular pieces of cloth (often with an embroidered image or text) joined with cloth bands and worn with one piece over the chest and one in the back.
mouthful: The amount that will fit in a mouth.
mouthful: Quite a bit.
mouthful: Something difficult to pronounce or say.
mouthful: A tirade of abusive language.
domicile: A home or residence.
domicile: A residence at a particular place accompanied with an intention to remain there for an unlimited time; a residence accepted as a final abode.
domicile: The zodiac sign over which a planet (a term which in astrology includes the Sun and Moon) is considered to have especially strong influence; the planet is called the sign's ruling planet or sign ruler.
en-suite: Alternative form of ensuite
weighing: The process by which something is weighed.
phosphor: Any of various compounds of transition metals or of rare earths that exhibit phosphorescence.
phosphor: Phosphorus.
phosphor: The planet Venus, when appearing as a morning star
top line: Total sales or revenue.
top line: A flag on the edge of a minefield.
top line: The line connecting individual letters in Devanagari.
top line: The best set of options.
yachting: A physical activity involving yachts, such as racing sailing boats, cruising to distant shores, or day-sailing along a coast.
pastille: An often round and somewhat flat flavoured candy or sweet.
pastille: Any small, usually round and somewhat flat, granular piece of material; a tablet.
pastille: Any small, usually round and somewhat flat, granular piece of material; a tablet.
pastille: A small pellet containing aromatic substances, burned to diffuse a fragrance or to disinfect or fumigate.
pastille: A medicinal pill, originally made of compressed herbs.
pastille: A candy- or sweet-like lozenge, which, when sucked, releases substances that soothe a sore throat, and sometimes vapours to help unblock the nose or sinuses.
pastille: Nonstandard spelling of pastel (“crayon made from a type of dried paste; drawing made using such crayons”).
fracture: An instance of breaking, a place where something has broken.
fracture: A break in bone or cartilage.
fracture: A fault or crack in a rock.
cat flap: Small hinged panel, usually cut into a door, with an opening just big enough for a cat to enter.
Aleutian: A native or inhabitant of the Aleutian Islands.
arsenate: Any salt or ester of arsenic acid.
arsenate: The anion AsO₄³⁻.
komusubi: A sumo wrestler of the lowest sanyaku rank, below sekiwake and above maegashira.
thruster: One who thrusts, who pushes or stabs.
thruster: A device for propelling an object, especially a spacecraft or a ship (marine vessel).
thruster: A bow thruster or a stern thruster.
thruster: A surfboard (usually a shortboard) with three fins of approximately equal size, one centred at the back, one on each side about 25cm forward and out near the rails.
thruster: An ambitious, driven person; a go-getter.
makuuchi: The highest division of sumo wrestling, above juryo, comprising the yokozuna, ozeki, sekiwake, komusubi and maegashira ranks.
honbasho: Any of the six official sumo tournaments.
sekiwake: A sumo wrestler ranked below ozeki and above komusubi.
fistnote: A printed note (as in a book) preceded by a symbol in the shape of a fist with pointed index finger.
yokozuna: The highest rank of sumo wrestler, above ozeki; grand champion.
yokozuna: A person holding the rank, either competing at the rank or retired after having achieved it.
negligée: Alternative form of négligée
piss pot: Alternative form of pisspot (“chamber pot”)
selenide: any compound in which selenium serves as an anion with an oxidation number of -2
selenide: any organic compound of general formula RSeR (R not = H) analogous to the ethers
sekitori: A rikishi, of rank juryo and above, who draws a salary.
Digi-box: Alternative spelling of Digibox
bintsuke: A wax, derived from soy, used in cosmetics, and to groom the topknot of a sekitori.
sandanme: the division of sumo wrestlers above jonidan and below makushita
effusion: A liquid outpouring.
effusion: Process of gases passing through a hole or holes considerably smaller than the mean free path of the gas molecules.
effusion: An outpouring of speech or emotion.
effusion: The seeping of fluid into a body cavity; the fluid itself.
cleaning: The process of making something clean.
cleaning: The afterbirth of cows, ewes, etc.
fusensho: a win by default due to the opponent not appearing, normally due to injury
gino-sho: a prize for technique; one of the sansho prizes
fusenpai: a loss by default for failing to appear, normally because of injury
chonmage: A traditional Japanese topknot haircut worn by men, most commonly associated with samurai, and in recent times with sumo wrestlers.
cryolite: The mineral sodium aluminium fluoride (Na₃AlF₆).
lyricist: A person who writes the lyrics of a song.
pacation: pacifying, placation
stemware: Drinking glasses that have a stem, such as wine glasses or champagne flutes.
removing: removal
posology: The study of the dosages of drugs, especially the determination of appropriate dosages.
posology: In the works of English philosopher Jeremy Bentham (1748–1832): the study of quantity; mathematics.
tiramisu: An Italian semifreddo dessert, originally from Veneto, made from ladyfinger biscuits, cocoa, mascarpone cheese, Marsala wine, eggs (or sometimes cream), sugar and espresso coffee.
cordwain: A kind of leather from Córdoba, originally of tanned goatskin, later of horsehide.
hoarding: A roofed wooden shield placed over the battlements of a castle and projecting from them.
hoarding: A temporary fence-like structure built around building work to add security and prevent accidents to the public.
hoarding: A billboard.
hoarding: The practice of accumulating goods.
hoarding: A good which is hoarded.
hoarding: An anxiety disorder characterized by a compulsive need to accumulate goods and feelings of anxiety or discomfort about discarding such goods.
hanazumo: A special sumo exhibition tournament.
reaching: The action of one who reaches; an attempt to grasp something by stretching.
reaching: Sailing on a reach, i.e. having the wind on either side and coming from an angle that is larger with respect to the bow than when sailing close-hauled.
ichomage: Alternative spelling of oichomage
bloodnut: A person with red hair, a redhead.
hyoshigi: One of the wooden sticks that are clapped by the yobidashi to draw the spectator's attention.
kinboshi: An honour awarded to a rikishi of maegashira rank upon beating a yokozuna.
canticle: A chant, hymn or song, especially a nonmetrical one, with words from a biblical text.
koen-kai: a sumo fan club, either for a heya or for a particular rikishi; a useful source of money
torikumi: a sumo bout
Mae West: A type of life jacket used by Allied forces in World War II having an inflatable rubber bag on the chest of the wearer.
halfpipe: Alternative form of half-pipe
cordovan: A leather from Córdoba originally of tanned goatskin later of horsehide.
cordovan: a shoe made from cordovan leather
raveling: Alternative form of ravelling
Saharawi: Alternative spelling of Sahrawi
radiance: The quality or state of being radiant; shining, bright or splendid.
radiance: The flux of radiation emitted per unit solid angle in a given direction by a unit area of a source.
Saharoui: Alternative spelling of Sahrawi
matawari: A form of exercise in which a rikishi sits on the ground with his legs wide apart, then lowers his torso to touch the ground between his legs.
artspeak: The specialist vocabulary and language associated with art and artists, especially when seen as complicated or pretentious.
militant: A soldier, a combatant.
militant: An entrenched or aggressive adherent to a particular cause, now especially a member of a particular ideological faction.
militant: someone who supports the Trotskyist political view expressed in the newspaper Militant, or who engages in aggressive left-wing politics.
pup tent: A shelter tent.
pup tent: A shelter half, one of two halves comprising a shelter tent or dog tent.
shokkiri: A comical display of fouls etc performed by deshi during tours.
seignior: A feudal lord; a nobleman who held his lands by feudal grant; any lord (holder) of a manor
seignior: A title of respect, formerly corresponding (especially in France) approximately to Sir.
polliwog: A tadpole.
tokoyama: A hairdresser who makes the rikishi's topknot; they have their own ranks.
cuniform: Alternative spelling of cuneiform
maharaja: A Hindu monarch ranking above a raja, an emperor.
labourer: Britain standard spelling of laborer.
teahouse: A cafe or restaurant that serves tea, usually with light food.
teahouse: a public lavatory, particularly (dated US gay slang) as a meeting place for gay men.
meristem: The plant tissue composed of totipotent cells that allows plant growth.
kimarite: any of the 82 techniques that may be used to win a match
wise-guy: Alternative spelling of wiseguy
renounce: An act of renouncing.
hardness: The quality of being hard.
hardness: An instance of this quality; hardship.
hardness: The quantity of calcium carbonate dissolved in water, usually expressed in parts per million (ppm).
hardness: The resistance to scratching, cutting, indentation or abrasion of a metal or other solid material.
hardness: The penetrating ability of electromagnetic radiation, such as x-rays; generally, the shorter the wavelength, the harder and more penetrating the radiation.
hardness: The measure of resistance to damage of a facility, equipment, installation, or telecommunications infrastructure when subjected to attack.
hardness: A measure of how hard a material is
mesquite: Any of several deciduous trees of the genus Prosopis found in America, and used as forage, which have long, beige seed/bean pods which may be dried and ground into a sweet, nutty flour.
mesquite: The wood of these trees, used for smoking food, or charcoal made from this wood.
mesquite: Country or land dominated by mesquite trees.
locality: The fact or quality of having a position in space.
locality: The features or surroundings of a particular place.
locality: The condition of being local.
locality: The situation or position of an object.
locality: An area or district considered as the site of certain activities; a neighbourhood.
locality: Limitation to a county, district, or place.
locality: A built-up area, i.e. a city, town or village
locality: The perceptive faculty concerned with the ability to remember the relative positions of places.
parasang: A historical Iranian unit of itinerant distance used throughout the Western Mediterranean and the Middle East in antiquity, originally the distance travelled in one hour, and generally assumed to be equivalent to about six kilometres.
firmness: The state of being firm
firmness: security; steadfastness; good grip
firmness: The state of being firm
firmness: strictness; mental strength
firmness: The state of being firm
firmness: physical durability; rigidness (of material)
boasting: The making of boasts.
bragging: The act of one who brags.
elegante: A fashionable lady.
stir-fry: Food cooked in this manner.
chongake: A kimarite in which the attacker hooks his heel behind that of his opponent from the inside, pulls the leg towards him, grabs the opponent's arm on the same side and twists him sideways and backwards.
ashitori: a kimarite in which the attacker takes his opponent down by grabbing and lifting his leg with both hands
kakenage: A kimarite in which the attacker hooks one leg under those of his opponent, raises the hooked leg up and back forcing the opponent up and over.
kakezori: A kimarite in which the attacker, with his head under one of his opponent's arms, takes an inside grip on the opponent's mawashi and twists him over a leg while driving his head into the opponent's side to force him over backwards.
skylight: A window, dome, or opening in the roof or ceiling, to admit natural light.
skylight: Diffuse sky radiation—solar radiation reaching the earth's surface after having been scattered from the direct solar beam by molecules or suspensoids in the atmosphere.
skylight: A hole in the upper part of a lava tube, yielding a view of the lava within.
skylight: A region of flat, thin ice allowing a submarine to surface.
stealing: The action of the verb to steal, theft.
stealing: That which is stolen; stolen property.
sediment: A collection of small particles, particularly dirt, that precipitates from a river or other body of water.
eastward: The direction or area lying to the east.
laterite: A red hard or gravel-like soil or subsoil formed in the tropics that has been leached of soluble minerals leaving insoluble iron and aluminium oxides and hydroxides; used to make bricks and roads.
swaption: An instrument granting the owner an option to enter an interest rate swap.
swaption: More generally, an option on any type of swap.
chastity: The quality of being chaste: the state of abstaining from any sexual activity considered immoral; avoidance of sexual sins.
scirocco: Alternative spelling of sirocco
boldness: The state of being bold; courage.
boldness: presumptuousness
boldness: The relative weight of a font; the thickness of its strokes.
thewness: Vigour; robustness.
distrust: Lack of trust or confidence.
kekaeshi: A kimarite in which the attacker sweeps his opponent's leg from under him by kicking it from the inside; often accompanied by a slap on the back.
scrofula: A form of tuberculosis, most common in women 30-40 years of age, tending to cause enlarged and degenerated lymph nodes, especially in the neck, and often chronic, intractable skin inflammation as well.
ketaguri: A kimarite in which the attacker leaps aside at the tachiai and sweeps his opponent's front leg from the inside while slapping the shoulder or pulling the arm.
xylology: The study of wood.
red rice: A dish of rice made with tomatoes, soul food from South Carolina.
red rice: A wild rice with a red husk and pinkish white seed that is considered an objectionable weed in the rice fields of the southern U.S. but that has grain which is comparable to common rice in nutritive value
red rice: Certain species of Oryza
red rice: Oryza longistaminata
red rice: Certain species of Oryza
red rice: Oryza punctata
red rice: Certain species of Oryza
red rice: Oryza rufipogon
walloper: One who wallops.
walloper: A cudgel, a shillelagh.
walloper: penis; (by extension) an idiot, a stupid person.
walloper: A police officer.
walloper: Something big; a whopper.
longhorn: A breed of beef cattle, having long horns, bred in Texas and other parts of southwest United States.
foreword: An introductory section preceding the main text of a book or other document; a preface or introduction.
Minorcan: An inhabitant of Minorca.
Minorcan: The variety of Balearic Catalan native to Minorca.
encroach: Encroachment.
mug shot: A photograph taken of the head and shoulders, often from the front and in profile, usually taken in conjunction with somebody's arrest.
sidehead: A subheading placed at or in the margin of printed matter.
oneirism: Dream-like experiences or qualities; dreaminess.
oneirism: A state of abnormal consciousness in which dream-like experiences and hallucinations happen while awake.
twitcher: Someone or something that twitches.
twitcher: An eager birdwatcher who is willing to travel long distances to see rare species. (See the Wikipedia article for origin.)
horn dog: Alternative spelling of horndog
deviancy: The state of being deviant, abnormal or anomalous.
arcading: An arrangement of arcades.
arcading: The playing of arcade games.
squarial: Alternative form of Squarial
kotenage: A kimarite in which the attacker wraps his arm around that of his opponent and, when it is locked near the elbow, turning away from him.
babydoll: Alternative form of baby doll
caudillo: A leader.
caudillo: A military dictator, especially one ruling in Spain, Portugal or Latin America.
mutineer: Someone who participates in mutiny.
tinnitus: The perception of noise, such as a ringing or beating sound, which has no external source.
easterly: Any persistent wind from the east (usually applied to broad currents or belts of easterly winds).
trumpery: Worthless finery; bric-a-brac or junk.
trumpery: Nonsense.
trumpery: Deceit; fraud.
divinity: The state, position, or fact of being a god or God. [from 14th c.]
divinity: The state, position, or fact of being a god or God.
divinity: Synonym of deity.
divinity: A celestial being inferior to a supreme God but superior to man.
divinity: The study of religion or religions.
divinity: A type of confectionery made with egg whites, corn syrup, and white sugar.
basidium: A small structure, shaped like a club, found in the Basidiomycota division of fungi, that bears four spores at the tips of small projections. [from c.]
basidium: A small structure, shaped like a club, found in the Basidiomycota division of fungi, that bears four spores at the tips of small projections.
docusoap: A form of reality television in the style of a documentary in which an apparent plot is constructed by intention or editing in order to make programmes in this genre resemble soap operas.
deferent: A deferent duct in the body, as opposed to an afferent one.
deferent: An imaginary circle surrounding the Earth, in whose periphery either the heavenly body or the centre of the heavenly body's epicycle was supposed to be carried round.
deferent: That which carries or conveys.
Muskogee: A member of an American Indian people, the Creek.
outgoing: The act of leaving or going out; exit, departure.
outgoing: Money that leaves one's possession; expenditure, outlay, expense.
outgoing: The extreme limit; the place of ending.
kubinage: A kimarite in which the attacker wraps one arm around his opponent's neck then turns and throws him.
indegree: The number of edges directed into a vertex in a directed graph
quatrain: A poem in four lines.
quatrain: A stanza of four lines.
crew cut: A closely-cropped male haircut in which the hairs stick upward, like the short bristles of a brush.
graybody: A body that radiates energy having a blackbody distribution reduced by a constant factor.
pittance: A small allowance of food and drink; a scanty meal.
pittance: A meagre allowance of money or wages.
pittance: A small amount.
bunnyhug: Alternative form of bunny hug
Columbus: A person who makes a great discovery.
Bradford: A shaken martini.
madrague: A large fish pound used for the capture of tuna in the Mediterranean, now a forbidden practice in places.
macropod: A marsupial of the family Macropodidae, which includes the kangaroos, wallabies, tree kangaroos and pademelons.
macropod: Any one of a group of maioid crabs remarkable for the length of their legs; — called also spider crab.
ironclad: A metal-plated ship, vessel, or vehicle.
ironclad: An armor-plated warship, (especially) one preceding the invention of harveyized steel.
graviera: A type of cheese used in Greek cuisine.
autogamy: Self-fertilization, the fertilizing pollen being derived from the same blossom as the pistil acted upon.
autogamy: Sologamy, marriage to oneself.
townsman: A man who is a resident of a town, especially of one's own town.
townsman: A resident of a university town, as opposed to a scholar at the university; a townie.
ha'porth: Alternative spelling of ha'p'orth
posistor: A thermistor whose resistance increases with temperature.
overstep: A gait in which the hind foot touches ground in front of where the front foot touches the ground.
overstep: A movement in which one oversteps.
azotemia: The accumulation in the blood of nitrogen-bearing waste products (such as urea) that are usually excreted in the urine.
knouting: A leather scourge.
knouting: A flogging with a knout.
recorder: An apparatus for recording; a device which records.
recorder: Agent noun of record; one who records.
recorder: A judge in a municipal court.
recorder: A musical instrument of the woodwind family; a type of fipple flute, a simple internal duct flute.
gunsight: An optical instrument which establishes an optical line or axis for the purpose of aiming a weapon.
construe: A translation.
construe: An interpretation.
offender: One who gives or causes offense, or does something wrong.
offender: A person who commits an offense against the law, a lawbreaker.
crushing: The action of the verb to crush.
crushing: A former method of execution by placing heavy weights on the victim.
crushing: Crushed material.
crushing: The act of subjecting sugarcane to crushing.
knocking: An act in which something is knocked on, or the sound thus produced
knocking: A repetitive ping, knock, or similar sound coming from an engine in which there are repeated uncontrolled explosions in the combustion chamber.
youngest: The youngest child in a family, or individual in a group.
esurient: One who is greedy or hungry.
lancelet: any of a group of primitive marine animals, having a notochord instead of a backbone
lancelet: any of a group of primitive marine animals, having a notochord instead of a backbone
lancelet: of subphylum Cephalochordata
lancelet: any of a group of primitive marine animals, having a notochord instead of a backbone
lancelet: of subphylum Cephalochordata
lancelet: of order Amphioxiformes
machiner: One who operates a machine.
machiner: A horse employed to pull a vehicle.
impostor: Someone who attempts to deceive by using an assumed name or identity.
impostor: A sprite or animation integrated into a three-dimensional scene, but not based on an actual 3D model.
impostor: A term referenced in an unusual grammatical person.
cyclosis: The circulation of protoplasm within a cell.
madhouse: A house where insane persons are confined; an insane asylum.
madhouse: A chaotic, uproarious, noisy place.
sonorant: A speech sound that is produced without turbulent airflow in the vocal tract; the generic term of vowel, approximant, nasal consonant, etc.
clipping: The act by which something is clipped (in any sense).
clipping: A piece of something removed by clipping.
clipping: An article clipped from a newspaper (especially) or from a magazine.
clipping: A process of word formation involving shortening by removal of syllables, often terminal ones.
clipping: A short form (of a longer word) created by removing syllables, often terminal ones.
clipping: The process of cutting off a signal level that rises above a certain maximum level.
clipping: The use of a mask to hide part of an object or image.
clipping: Falling, rolling, or throwing one's body on the back of an opponent's legs after approaching from behind.
urbacity: An extreme or exaggerated pride in one's city; an insular view of one's city.
fade out: A type of transition used in film, usually at the end of a scene, involving a fade to black from the cut.
assuager: Someone who or something which assuages.
marasmus: A condition of chronic undernourishment especially in children, caused by a diet deficient in calories or the inability to digest protein and presenting as a severe loss of body weight.
waterman: A seaman, a sailor.
waterman: A man who lives or works on the water; a boatman.
waterman: Someone who distributes or supplies water for a living; a water-carrier.
waterman: Specifically, an attendant on cab stands who supplies water to the horses.
waterman: A man skilled in multiple aquatic sports disciplines, such as surfing, bodysurfing, undersea diving, canoe paddling, fishing, etc.
Cesarian: Alternative spelling of Caesarean
bouffant: A puffy, round hairstyle, popular in the mid-to-late 16th century, characterized by hair raised high on the head and usually covering the ears or hanging down on the sides.
artivism: The practice of promoting a political agenda through acts considered to be art, such as the defacing of advertisements.
adhesion: The ability of a substance to stick to an unlike substance.
adhesion: Persistent attachment or loyalty.
adhesion: An agreement to adhere.
adhesion: An abnormal union of surface by the formation of new tissue resulting from an inflammatory process.
adhesion: The binding of a cell to a surface or substrate.
adhesion: The frictional grip on a surface, of wheels, shoes etc.
artivist: A person who engages in artivism.
allodium: Freehold land or property; land held in allodial tenure, or one's title to such land.
normalcy: The state of being normal; the fact of being normal; normality.
chlorite: A dark green mineral resembling serpentine, being a mixed silicate of magnesium, iron and aluminium.
chlorite: Any salt of chlorous acid.
cutround: A bun made with a yeast fermented white dough which is rolled like pastry and cut into rounds. Traditionally a constituent of a North Devon (UK) cream tea. Now largely replaced by the common scone.
chenille: An extremely soft and bunchy fabric often used to make sweaters.
revanche: Revenge or retaliation.
revanche: The political policy of regaining lost territory.
reliance: The act of relying (on or in someone or something); trust.
reliance: The condition of being reliant or dependent.
reliance: Anything on which to rely; ground of trust.
reliance: A person or thing which relies on another.
tailgate: A hinged board or hatch at the rear of a vehicle that can be lowered for loading and unloading.
tailgate: The hinged rear door of a hatchback.
tailgate: Either of the downstream gates in a canal lock.
tailgate: Ellipsis of tailgate party.
dub sack: A bag of marijuana costing $20.
pekeapoo: Alternative form of peekapoo
peekapoo: A crossbreed dog resulting from the breeding of a Pekingese and a poodle.
lex lata: The law as it is.
alkahest: A universal solvent sought by the alchemists.
nit comb: A fine-toothed comb used to remove nits from the hair.
bistoury: A narrow-bladed surgical knife.
barbiton: an ancient stringed musical instrument, apparently a type of lute or lyre
jillaroo: A female jackaroo, a woman who does the job of a jackaroo.
stardust: Small fragments of dust-like material found in space; specifically, a type of cosmic dust that formed from cooling gases ejected from presolar stars, which was then incorporated into the cloud from which the Solar System condensed.
stardust: A distant cluster of stars resembling a cloud of dust, especially if the individual stars of which cannot be resolved with a telescope.
stardust: Small fragments in the Earth's atmosphere or on its surface originating from meteorites; meteor dust.
stardust: Something imaginary or lacking substance.
stardust: An imaginary magic dust or powder that, when in one's eyes, supposedly causes one to view a person or thing favourably, even though this might not actually be warranted.
stardust: An imaginary magic dust or powder supposedly able to give one charisma or other positive qualities; hence, charisma or glamour, especially that possessed by a celebrity.
chiefery: The status or role of a chief; chieftainship.
chiefery: The land ruled over by a chief; chieftainship.
chiefery: The form of government in which people are ruled by a chief.
chiefery: A colonial administrative centre.
chiefery: The leaders or chiefs of a people, collectively.
chiefery: An Irish head tax
sporgery: The disruptive act of posting a flood of articles to a newsgroup, the article headers having been falsified so as to make the articles appear to have been posted by people other than the true poster.
aerolite: A meteorite consisting of silicate minerals.
diiodide: any iodide containing two iodine atoms in each molecule
feitoria: A Portuguese trading post, usually fortified and built in coastal areas along the West and East African coasts, Indian Ocean and Brazil, from 1445 onward. It served simultaneously as market, warehouse, navigation support and customs, and was governed by a feitor (factor) to dominate the local trade with the Portuguese kingdom (and thence to Europe). Inspired by medieval European factories, feitorias were supplanted in the 16th century by rival Dutch and British colonial factories (trading posts).
barbitos: An ancient stringed musical instrument from Greece, apparently a type of lute or lyre.
anabasis: A military march up-country, especially that of Cyrus the Younger into Asia.
anabasis: The first period, or increase, of a disease; augmentation.
creamery: A place where dairy products are prepared or sold.
creamery: An ice cream parlor.
savinase: A protease enzyme developed for the detergent industry.
colander: A bowl-shaped kitchen utensil with holes in it used for draining food that has been cooking in water, such as pasta.
gyrotron: A type of microwave generator employing cyclotron resonance coupling between microwave fields and a beam of electrons.
clinging: The act of one who clings.
henequen: A tropical American agave, Agave fourcroydes, whose thick, sword-shaped leaves yield a coarse reddish fibre used in making rope etc.
henequen: The fibre from this plant (sometimes mistakenly called sisal, which is from Agave sisalana).
casement: A window sash that is hinged on the side.
casement: A window having such sashes; a casement window.ᵂᵖ
casement: Occasionally seen as a usage error due to the similarity of the words: A casemate.
benzoate: Any salt or ester of benzoic acid.
influent: A stream which flows into another stream or a lake.
influent: Fluids flowing in.
influent: An organism having an important effect on a plant or animal community.
holotype: The single physical example (or illustration) of an organism used to formally describe the species (or lower-order taxon), subsequently to be kept as a reference.
saliency: the quality of being salient; salience
suzerain: A dominant nation or state that has control over the international affairs of a subservient state which otherwise has domestic autonomy.
suzerain: A feudal landowner to whom vassals were forced to pledge allegiance.
fanlight: a semicircular or semioval window over a door or other window, normally having a fan-like structure of ribs; sometimes hinged to the transom
fanlight: an electric fan, usually a ceiling fan, that is also a light fixture
chasuble: The outermost liturgical vestment worn by clergy for celebrating Eucharist or Mass.
berceuse: A composition that resembles a lullaby, often in 6/8 time.
agenbite: remorse, ayenbite
disabled: One who is disabled. (often used collectively as the disabled, but sometimes also singular)
coistrel: Alternative form of custrel
coistrel: Alternative form of coistril
culverin: A kind of handgun.
culverin: A large cannon.
corn dog: A hot dog coated in cornbread batter and deep-fried in hot oil.
epidural: An injection of anaesthetic into the epidural space of the spine, especially associated with pain relief during childbirth.
ytterbia: Ytterbium oxide.
ætiology: Archaic spelling of aetiology.
cromlech: A dolmen or ancient underground tomb in Wales, usually made with stones disposed in a circular shape.
replicon: A DNA molecule or a region of DNA that replicates as an individual unit. A replicon may be, for instance, a chromosome, a plasmid or a phage.
idleness: The state of being idle; inactivity.
idleness: The state of being indolent; indolence.
idleness: Groundlessness; worthlessness; triviality; vanity; frivolity.
jack off: Alternative form of jackoff (“a jerkoff”)
sand cat: A small wild cat, Felis margarita, distributed over African and Asian deserts.
cybersex: A virtual sexual encounter in which two or more persons connected remotely via a computer network send one another sexually explicit messages simulating a sexual experience.
derrière: Bottom, bum, backside.
diapason: The musical octave.
diapason: The range or scope of something, especially of notes in a scale, or of a particular musical instrument.
diapason: A tonal grouping of the flue pipes of a pipe organ.
diapason: A harmonious outpouring of sound.
gardener: One who gardens; one who grows plants or cultivates a garden.
hemocyte: Any blood cell, especially that of an invertebrate
pretense: A false or hypocritical profession
pretense: Intention or purpose not real but professed.
pretense: An unsupported claim made or implied.
pretense: An insincere attempt to reach a specific condition or quality.
makataan: watermelon
epitasis: The second part of a play, in which the action begins.
epitasis: The addition of a concluding sentence that merely emphasizes what has already been stated.
epitasis: The period of violence in a fever or disease; paroxysm.
planting: A plant (or clipping) that has been freshly planted.
planting: The act of setting a plant in the ground for growth.
planting: A plantation.
hanepoot: The muscat blanc d'Alexandrie.
hanepoot: Wine made from muscat blanc d'Alexandrie.
admitter: Someone who or something which admits.
chaperon: An adult who accompanies or supervises one or more young, unmarried men or women during social occasions, usually with the specific intent of preventing some types of social or sexual interactions or illegal behavior.
chaperon: A type of hood, often ornamental or official, with an attached cape and a tail, later worn as a hat with the face hole put over the top of the head instead.
chaperon: A device placed on the foreheads of horses which draw the hearse in pompous funerals.
purposer: Someone who purposes something.
survival: The fact or act of surviving; continued existence or life.
survival: Of, relating to or aiding survival.
survival: The avoidance of relegation or demotion to a lower league or division.
survival: A custom or belief that persists in folklore from earlier times, when the rationale behind it is forgotten.
Fatimite: Synonym of Fatimid
gematria: A cabalistic method of interpreting Hebrew words, based on numerical values of letters.
attacher: Someone who attaches.
attacher: A means of attaching.
natation: The act or process of swimming
Galenist: An advocate of Galenism.
inositol: A simple sugar alcohol (hexahydroxycyclohexane, chemical formula: C₆H₁₂O₆) which occurs in animal and plant tissue
Galenism: The principles and practices of Galen.
hydræmia: Alternative spelling of hydraemia
hydremia: Thinness of the blood.
hypogeum: An underground room or cavern (also used figuratively).
gralloch: The entrails or offal of a dead deer.
tailleur: A woman's tailored suit.
fascinum: An ivory phallus used in certain ancient erotic rites.
exordium: A beginning.
exordium: The introduction to an essay or discourse.
illation: The act of inferring or concluding, especially from a set of premises; a conclusion, a deduction.
fall out: Synonym of falling out (“rift following a disagreement or quarrel”)
intaglio: A design or piece of art which is engraved or etched into something.
intaglio: Any printing method in which the ink is laid upon the sunken parts of the printing form.
armourer: Alternative spelling of armorer
mammetry: The religion of Muhammad: Islam.
mammetry: Idolatry; paganism.
litharge: lead monoxide (PbO) a toxic solid formed from oxidation of lead in air, and used as a pigment.
narcosis: Unconsciousness caused by a drug, anaesthetic or other chemical substance.
treating: treatment
megillah: any of the Five Scrolls of the Hebrew Scriptures (Song of Songs, Ruth, Lamentations, Ecclesiastes, and Esther)
megillah: the Book of Esther
megillah: Alternative form of magilla
ortholog: Any of two or more homologous gene sequences found in different species related by linear descent.
maquette: A preliminary model or sketch used in preparation for making a sculpture.
mathesis: Mental calculation or discipline; science, especially mathematical learning.
mathesis: The science of establishing a systematic order for things. (After Foucault.)
autopsia: Archaic form of autopsy.
thumping: A dull, heavy sound.
thumping: A beating.
thumping: A heavy defeat.
tie down: Alternative form of tiedown
monteith: A large 18th-century punchbowl, usually of silver, fluted and scalloped.
monteith: A cotton handkerchief with white spots on a coloured background.
neoprene: A synthetic rubber, a polymer of chloroprene, commonly used in wetsuits, laptop sleeves, orthopedic braces, electrical insulation, liquid and sheet-applied elastomeric membranes and flashings, car fan belts, etc.
meconium: A dark green mass, the contents of the fetal intestines during the later stages of mammalian gestation, that forms the first feces of the newborn.
meconium: Opium.
tidiness: The quality of being tidy.
red wolf: Canis rufus, a medium-sized canine native to the southeastern United States.
tickling: A sensation that tickles.
tickling: The act by which someone is tickled.
saleable: Something that can be sold.
Johannes: A former Portuguese gold coin.
timecard: A paper card that is timestamped by a time clock to record the times when an employee starts and stops work.
timecard: A digital record representing the same concept.
messuage: Originally, a plot of land as the site for a dwelling house and its appurtenant interests; now, a dwelling house or residential building together with its outbuildings and assigned land.
counting: a count
counting: the act by which something is counted.
guy line: Alternative spelling of guyline
margrave: A feudal era military-administrative officer of comital rank in the Carolingian empire and some successor states, originally in charge of a border area.
margrave: A hereditary ruling prince in certain feudal states of the Holy Roman Empire and elsewhere; the titular equivalent became known as marquis or marquess.
cognomen: A personal epithet or clan name added to the given name and family name of Ancient Romans.
cognomen: Synonym of nickname, any epithet used similar to the Roman cognomina.
cognomen: Synonym of surname, a family name.
scumming: The accumulation of sticky ink on a plate.
scumming: That which is scummed off; skimmings; scum.
scumming: The strategy of collecting easy rewards in unchallenging areas, e.g. when a high-level character visits levels suitable for low-level characters in roguelike games.
scumming: The act of restoring a game's save file, or restarting the game, for the purpose of continuing play with a better outcome than was obtained the first time.
timeless: A gene encoding an essential protein that regulates circadian rhythm, normally written in italics: timeless.
scaffold: A structure made of scaffolding for workers to stand on while working on a building.
scaffold: An elevated platform on which a criminal is executed.
scaffold: An elevated platform on which dead bodies are ritually disposed of, as by some Native American tribes.
scaffold: An accumulation of adherent, partly fused material forming a shelf or dome-shaped obstruction above the tuyeres in a blast furnace.
scaffold: A structure that provides support for some other material.
fabulist: A person who writes or tells fables.
fabulist: A liar.
profaner: One who profanes; a person who desecrates or defiles.
diuretic: A drug or a substance that increases the rate of urine excretion.
pinafore: A sleeveless dress, often similar to an apron, generally worn over other clothes, and most often worn by young girls as an overdress.
overseer: One who oversees or supervises.
overseer: The manager of a plantation of slaves.
overseer: One who oversees or supervises.
overseer: An officer responsible for the care of the poor, making out lists of voters and those who had not paid taxes, etc.
overseer: A critic.
cognovit: An instrument in writing whereby a defendant in an action acknowledges a plaintiff's demand to be just.
fandango: A form of lively flamenco music and dance that has many regional variations (e.g. fandango de Huelva), some of which have their own names (e.g. malagueña, granadina).
fandango: A gathering for dancing; a ball.
fandango: An unknown entity or contraption.
fandango: A confusion; a chaotic collection.
fandango: An extravaganza; an instance of lavish and fantastical events or behavior.
fandango: A shade of red-violet.
fandango: Vagina.
gold top: Channel Island milk.
postmark: A marking made by a postal service on a delivery, usually indicating the place where and the date and time when the item was received or processed for the first time, mostly serving to cancel a postage stamp.
timework: Work for which a certain rate is paid per unit of time.
capsicum: Any of several tropical American plants, of the genus Capsicum, principally the species Capsicum annuum and Capsicum frutescens, that are cultivated as edible peppers.
capsicum: The spicy fruit of the above plants, the bell pepper.
nenuphar: A water lily, especially the European white water lily (Nymphaea alba) or the yellow water lily (Nuphar lutea).
tinkerer: Agent noun of tinker; one who tinkers with things.
tinkerer: A meddler.
time-out: A short break in the action of a sport, for substitution, consultation, etc.
time-out: A break from a tense, heated or stressful situation (often enforced, sometimes as a disciplinary measure); a cooling-off period.
time-out: The abortion of an incomplete task after a time limit considered long enough for it to end normally.
tinplate: Alternative spelling of tin plate
tingling: A tingling sensation; pins and needles.
palilogy: Emphatic repetition of a word or phrase.
stannite: a dark-gray lustrous mineral, a mixed sulfide of copper, iron, and tin, Cu₂FeSnS₄, used as an ore of tin
tinkling: A tinkle; a tinkling sound.
tinkling: The Greater Antillean Grackle, Quiscalus niger.
tinkling: The action of the verb to tinkle
oeillade: A glance, especially an amorous one; an ogle
palliard: A beggar or vagrant, especially a professional one; (earlier especially) a lecher.
two-four: A case of twenty-four bottles or cans of beer.
orpiment: arsenic trisulphide, occurring naturally in crystals or massive deposits, formerly used as a dye or pigment
cytozoon: A parasite, especially a protozoon, living within a cell
snowfall: An instance of falling of snow.
snowfall: The amount of snow that falls on one occasion.
chetvert: Alternative form of tchetvert
warplane: An aircraft designed for combat.
ringtail: A ring-tailed animal, notably:
ringtail: A small carnivorous mammal, Bassariscus astutus, somewhat like a raccoon, native to the southwestern United States and Mexico
ringtail: A ring-tailed animal, notably:
ringtail: A capuchin monkey (Cebus spp.)
ringtail: A ring-tailed animal, notably:
ringtail: A ring-tailed lemur (Lemur catta)
ringtail: A ring-tailed animal, notably:
ringtail: A raccoon (Procyon spp, especially Procyon lotor)
ringtail: A ring-tailed animal, notably:
ringtail: A common ringtail possum (Pseudocheirus peregrinus), native to eastern Australia
ringtail: A ring-tailed animal, notably:
ringtail: Any of various damselflies of the genus Austrolestes, of Australia, New Zealand and South Pacific islands
ringtail: A ringsail.
tlachtli: A ceremonial ball game once played by the Aztecs; evolved into the ulama game.
tlachtli: The high-walled court in which this game was played.
accruing: An amount that is accrued.
abutting: abutment
accusing: Accusation.
snowshoe: A flat item of footwear worn to facilitate walking in deep snow.
toll-bar: a gate or other barrier placed across a road where a toll is taken
Prussian: A native or inhabitant of the geographical region of Prussia.
Prussian: A citizen of the German state of Prussia.
Prussian: A member of or a person descended from the Baltic ethnic group which inhabited Prussia.
Prussian: A member of or a person descended from the German ethnic group which settled in Prussia.
yarmulka: Alternative spelling of yarmulke
tone arm: a light, balanced arm that holds the pickup cartridge on a record player
destreza: A Spanish type of fencing (duelling sport).
teknonym: A name for an adult derived from that of a child, especially that of the eldest child.
tool-bar: a frame fitted to a tractor to which interchangeable implements are mounted
top copy: the typescript of a document that has carbon copies underneath
top deck: The upper deck of a double-decker bus.
ritenuto: A musical passage of this kind.
moulinet: A circular cut, often composed of a parry, usually prime or seconde, moving thence into a circular cut.
moulinet: The drum upon which the rope is wound in a capstan, crane, etc.
moulinet: A machine formerly used for bending a crossbow by winding it up.
enacting: Enactment.
edifying: edification
overfull: A full house that beats someone else's full house.
Chippewa: A member of the Ojibwe people.
quillion: Alternative form of quillon
AS-level: Short for Advanced Subsidiary level, the exam taken in the first year of the sixth form, as a first stage in getting to the A-levels (A2) at the end of the sixth form. The modular format makes the distinction less clear.
totality: The state of being total.
totality: An aggregate quantity obtained by addition.
totality: The phase of an eclipse when it is total.
Thompson: A member of a Salish people of British Columbia.
Thompson: Ellipsis of Thompson submachine gun (“Tommy gun”).
tocology: the branch of medicine that deals with childbirth
fencible: A militia unit raised for homeland defense.
fencible: A soldier in such a unit.
sawbones: A surgeon.
fishbowl: Alternative spelling of fish bowl
top gear: The highest gear that is available in a motor vehicle or car.
toreador: A bullfighter, especially one on horseback.
ideogram: A picture or symbol which represents the idea of something without indicating the sequence of sounds used to pronounce it. Examples include digits, traffic signs, and graphic symbols such as @.
babaylan: A Philippine shaman.
croupier: The person who collects bets and pays out winnings at a gambling table, such as in a casino.
croupier: One who, at a public dinner party, sits at the lower end of the table as assistant chairman.
toystore: a toyshop
trade-in: property used as part payment for a new purchase
trade-in: a transaction including such payment
snarl-up: a traffic jam
trachyte: A pale igneous rock consisting mostly of potassium feldspar and plagioclase.
wirehead: A person who has an electronic brain implant.
wirehead: A hardware hacker.
wirehead: A person who likes to tinker with electronics.
prologue: A speech or section used as an introduction, especially to a play or novel.
prologue: One who delivers a prologue.
prologue: A component of a computer program that prepares the computer to execute a routine.
prologue: An individual time trial before a stage race, used to determine which rider wears the leader's jersey on the first stage.
psaltery: A zither-like musical instrument consisting of a soundboard with multiple strings, played by plucking the strings with the fingers or a plectrum.
plastron: The nearly flat part of the shell structure of a tortoise or other animal, similar in composition to the carapace.
plastron: A half-jacket worn under the jacket for padding or for safety.
plastron: A man's shirt-bosom.
plastron: An ornamental front panel on a woman's bodice.
plastron: A breastplate.
plastron: A film of air trapped by specialized hairs against the body of an aquatic insect, and which acts as an external gill.
fish eye: Alternative form of fisheye.
fish eye: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see fish, eye.
naartjie: Citrus reticulata (mandarin, satsuma, tangerine); a soft, loose-skinned tangerine.
corduroy: A heavy fabric, usually made of cotton, with vertical ribs.
corduroy: Cheap and poor-quality whiskey.
corduroy: A pattern on snow resulting from the use of a snow groomer to pack snow and improve skiing, snowboarding and snowmobile trail conditions. Corduroy is widely regarded as a good surface on which to ski or ride.
ungainly: An ungainly person or thing.
balls-up: Something which becomes muddled or botched in some way.
intarsia: A decorative form of Italian wood inlaying.
intarsia: A knitted design resembling a mosaic.
traction: The act of pulling something along a surface using motive power.
traction: The condition of being so pulled.
traction: Grip.
traction: The pulling power of an engine or animal.
traction: The adhesive friction of a wheel etc on a surface.
traction: Progress in or momentum toward achieving a goal, especially in gaining support, recognition, or popularity.
traction: The extent of adoption of a new product or service, typically measured in number of customers or level of revenue achieved.
traction: Progress in or momentum toward achieving a goal, especially in gaining support, recognition, or popularity.
traction: Popular support.
traction: Progress in or momentum toward achieving a goal, especially in gaining support, recognition, or popularity.
traction: Scholarly interest and research.
traction: A mechanically applied sustained pull, especially to a limb.
traction: Collectively, the locomotives of a railroad, especially electric locomotives.
baitware: Freeware of deliberately poor quality with some, but generally not all, of the features of a software application, intended to entice those who download the freeware to buy the complete application.
too much: A quantity which is excessive to the point of being inappropriate, harmful, or overwhelming.
too much: Something that is absurdly funny or inappropriate.
forehand: A stroke in which the palm of the hand faces the direction of the stroke.
forehand: A throw similar to a sidearm throw in baseball, where the disc remains on the throwing-arm side of the body and is led by the middle finger.
forehand: All of the part of a horse which is before the rider.
forehand: The chief or most important part.
forehand: Superiority; advantage; start; precedence.
forehand: The hand towards the front of the board.
pleather: Faux leather, usually of polyurethane.
acrolect: The variety of speech that is considered most suitable for formal occasions (typically using only standard forms).
redshift: A change in the wavelength of light, in which the wavelength is longer than when it was emitted at the source.
redshift: The statistical bias towards Republican (or Blue Dog) candidates of US federal elections whose reported results vary considerably from those indicated by voter exit polls.
checking: The act of physically keeping an opposing player in check.
checking: A checking account.
altering: alteration
cheering: A cheer.
marrying: A marriage.
clincher: That which clinches; that which makes something final or firm.
clincher: A tyre with a bead around the edge to attach to the rim of the wheel when inflated.
adaption: Alternative form of adaptation
twinning: action of the verb to twin
twinning: giving birth to twins
twinning: the pairing of similar objects (such as towns)
twinning: the formation of twin crystals
twinning: the conversion of a road into a dual carriageway
dubonnet: The reddish purple colour of the apéritif Dubonnet.
bouncing: The act of something that bounces.
femocrat: A female politician or senior civil servant; a female bureaucrat in an agency dealing with women's issues.
sticking: A sequence or arrangement of drum notes to be played with drumsticks.
sticking: Coarse, bruised, or damaged meat sold to the makers of sausages, pies, etc.
grieving: An act or instance of feeling or expressing grief.
transire: A permit given to a coasting vessel by a customs house.
bursting: The act by which something bursts.
coolness: The state of being cool, i.e. chilly.
coolness: The result or product of being cool, i.e. chilly.
coolness: The state of being cool, i.e. calm.
coolness: Indifference; lack of passion or interest.
coolness: The state of being cool, i.e. good or pleasing.
coolness: The result or product of being cool, i.e. good or pleasing.
sotogake: A kimarite in which the attacker pulls his opponent towards him, hooks his leg, and drives him over backwards.
crawling: The motion of something that crawls.
gripping: The act of forming a grip.
gripping: Obsolete form of griping (“pinching and spasmodic pain in the intestines”).
notional: A fake company used as a front in espionage.
subdural: Ellipsis of subdural hematoma..
grasping: The act of one who grasps or covets.
eteostic: A chronogram.
flatting: The practice of living, with others, in a flat.
flatting: A type of paint that dries with a flat (matt) finish; a coating of such paint.
flatting: The process of applying a coating of flatting paint.
flatting: A flat part of something, a flattening.
flatting: The process of becoming flat.
flatting: The process of causing something to become flat; the process of flattening something.
flatting: An instance of a musical note being flatter than intended.
flatting: A method of preserving gilding unburnished, by touching with size.
flatting: The process of forming metal into sheets by passing it between rollers.
gladness: The state of being glad; joy.
calmness: The state of being calm; tranquillity; silence.
calmness: The product of being calm.
Noachian: The Noachian geological period.
visiting: The act of someone or something that visits.
flooring: A floor.
flooring: A material used to make floors.
flooring: The act of putting one's opponent on the floor; a knockdown.
emerging: Emergence.
jaunting: The act of taking a jaunt.
sedative: An agent or drug that sedates, having a calming or soothing effect, or inducing sleep.
footpath: Any set path or trail to be used by people walking.
footpath: A paved path located at the side of a road for the use of pedestrians.
meddling: unwanted interference
applying: The act of applying; an application.
soldiery: Soldiers considered as a group.
soldiery: The profession or skill of being a soldier.
homeosis: The formation of a normal plant or animal structure or organ in place of another at an abnormal site; the transformation of one body part to another.
homeosis: Usage of similitude in rhetoric; drawing a conclusion from similarity of two objects of study.
harmonic: A component frequency of the signal of a wave that is an integer multiple of the fundamental frequency.
harmonic: The place where, on a bowed string instrument, a note in the harmonic series of a particular string can be played without the fundamental present.
harmonic: One of a class of functions that enter into the development of the potential of a nearly spherical mass due to its attraction.
harmonic: One's child.
dreaming: An instance of dreaming; a dream or reverie.
datatype: Alternative spelling of data type
Phillips: A Phillips screwdriver.
priggery: Thievery or roguery.
priggery: Priggishness.
banality: The quality of being banal.
banality: Something which is banal.
banality: A feudal right or obligation, especially the obligation for a peasant to grind grain at the lord's mill, or the profits accruing from such rights.
remarque: A small design etched on the margin of a plate and supposed to be removed after the earliest proofs have been taken.
remarque: Any feature distinguishing a particular stage of the plate.
remarque: A print or proof distinguished by such a mark.
reversal: The state of being reversed.
reversal: An instance of reversing.
reversal: A change in fortune; a change from being successful to having problems.
tree sap: The fluid that circulates within the phloem of a tree to distribute water and nutrients.
frænulum: Nonstandard spelling of frenulum.
carbolic: Carbolic acid or similar disinfectant.
engaging: The act of engaging with something; engagement.
prodrome: A precursor or harbinger; also a warning event.
prodrome: An introductory or preliminary book or treatise.
prodrome: An early sign or symptom (or set of signs and symptoms) warning of the onset of a disease.
grapheme: A fundamental unit of a writing system, corresponding to (for example) letters in the English alphabet or jamo in Korean Hangeul.
grapheme: A sequence of one or more code points that are processed and displayed as a single graphical unit of a writing system.
grapheme: In alphabetic writing, the shortest group of letters composing a phoneme.
allergen: A substance which causes an allergic reaction.
balsamic: A balsamic vinegar.
immunity: The state of being insusceptible to something; notably:
immunity: Protective resistance against disease.
immunity: The state of being insusceptible to something; notably:
immunity: An exemption from specified duties, such as payments or services.
immunity: The state of being insusceptible to something; notably:
immunity: An exemption from prosecution.
immunity: The state of being insusceptible to something; notably:
immunity: An exemption from penance.
immunity: The state of being insusceptible to something; notably:
immunity: An exemption given to a player from losing or being withdrawn from play.
immunity: A resistance to a specific thing.
low tide: The tide at its lowest level for a particular tidal cycle at a certain place.
low tide: The time of day when the sea has receded to its lowest level.
swanherd: A person who tends or herds swans; a keeper of swans.
pyroxene: Any of a group of crystalline minerals containing silicates of iron, magnesium and calcium.
horseman: A man who rides a horse.
horseman: A soldier on horseback, especially a cavalryman.
horseman: A man skilled in horsemanship, especially an equestrian.
horseman: A man in charge of work horses; a teamster.
horseman: A man in charge of transport horses; a hostler (ostler).
horseman: Any of the swift-running land crabs of the genus Ocypode.
horseman: Any fish of the genus Equetus.
horseman: A fictional beast that is part horse and part man.
sporting: The act of taking part in a sport.
fat city: An extremely comfortable situation or condition of life
flection: Alternative spelling of flexion
poltfoot: Alternative form of polt foot
imitator: A person who imitates or apes another.
keynoter: A speaker who delivers the keynote speech of a conference.
keynoter: The keynote speech itself.
loathing: Sense of revulsion, distaste, detestation, extreme hatred or dislike.
zaratite: a hydrous basic nickel carbonate occurring in emerald-green incrustations or compact masses
juncture: A place where things join, a junction.
juncture: A critical moment in time.
juncture: The manner of moving (transition) or mode of relationship between two consecutive sounds; a suprasegmental phonemic cue, by which a listener can distinguish between two otherwise identical sequences of sounds that have different meanings.
Polwarth: A sheep of a rather large medium-wooled Australian breed, developed from crosses of Merino and Lincoln sheep and noted for ability to withstand damp and cold.
xanthate: Any salt or ester of xanthic acid.
kayaking: A water sport involving racing, or doing tricks in, a kayak
stockade: An enclosure protected by a wall of wooden posts.
stockade: A military prison.
czarevna: Alternative spelling of tsarevna
zarzuela: A form of Spanish opera having spoken dialogue and usually a comic subject.
tsao shu: grass script (a style of cursive script used in Chinese calligraphy)
czarship: The rank of a czar; tsarship.
czaritsa: Alternative spelling of tsaritsa
tonation: The tonal properties of a sound.
nontoxic: A substance that is not toxic.
tschaike: A type of ship once used on the Danube.
tsarship: The rank of a tsar; czarship.
lekgotla: A consultative process between groups pursuing a common goal.
frenulum: A small fold or ridge of tissue that supports or restrains the motion of the part to which it is attached, in particular a fold of skin beneath the tongue, or between the lip and the gum.
frenulum: A bristle or row of bristles on the edge of the hindwings of some lepidoptera which unites the wings by interlocking with a catch on the posterior part of the forewings.
tsipouro: A Greek alcoholic spirit distilled from marc or pomace, similar to grappa.
drudgery: Exhausting, menial, and tedious work.
tschinke: A light wheellock hunting rifle once used for shooting wildfowl.
tsitsith: any of the four tassels or fringes on garments worn by the Jews in remembrance of the commandments
trucking: Trading, bartering.
trucking: the conveyance of freight by trucks.
trucking: Lateral movement of the camera.
trucking: moving quickly
trucking: walking
tsutsumu: The Japanese art of wrapping items in an attractive and appropriate manner.
tsaritsa: a tsarina
T-square: A rule with a short perpendicular crosspiece at one end, used by draughtsmen to draw parallel lines.
T-square: A sex position whereby the receiving partner lies on the back with knees up and legs apart while the penetrating partner lies on either side perpendicular to the receiver, with the penetrating partner's hips under the arch formed by receiver's legs.
underarm: The armpit.
underarm: Old-fashioned and now outlawed style of bowling in which the arm is not swung over the shoulder.
hot spot: A location which has a higher temperature or amount of radiation than surrounding areas.
hot spot: A part of a forest fire which is burning actively.
hot spot: A location which has a higher temperature or amount of radiation than surrounding areas.
hot spot: The surface manifestation of a plume of molten material that rises from deep in a celestial body's mantle.
hot spot: A location which has a higher temperature or amount of radiation than surrounding areas.
hot spot: An area of high radioactive contamination.
hot spot: A location which has a higher temperature or amount of radiation than surrounding areas.
hot spot: Synonym of heiligenschein (“an optical phenomenon which creates a bright spot around the shadow of the viewer's head, when the surface on which the shadow falls has special optical characteristics”)
hot spot: A location which has a higher temperature or amount of radiation than surrounding areas.
hot spot: An infected lesion in dogs or other furry mammals caused by excessive itching
hot spot: A location which has a higher temperature or amount of radiation than surrounding areas.
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: A dangerous place of violent political unrest.
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: A lively and entertaining place, such as a nightclub.
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: A part of an application that consumes a significant amount of execution time.
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: A part of a control (“an interactive interface element”) that responds dynamically as a user moves a pointer over it (for example, a part of an image map that contains a hyperlink which can be clicked on with a cursor).
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: A location in which Wi-Fi Internet access is available.
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: Short for biodiversity hotspot (“a place with a significant level of biodiversity, particularly if the flora and fauna are threatened with loss of their habitat”).
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
hot spot: The region of a gene in which there is a higher than normal rate of mutation.
hot spot: A place notable for a high level of activity or danger.
bonspiel: A tournament in the sport of curling.
irritant: Any medication designed to cause irritation
irritant: A source of irritation.
tsarevna: The daughter of a tsar.
top hand: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see top, hand.
top hand: The batsman's hand that is further up the handle; used for control rather than power.
turf toe: A metatarsophalangeal joint sprain; an injury to the joint and connective tissue between the foot and one of the toes; frequently a sporting injury
kerchief: A piece of cloth used to cover the head; a bandana.
tympanal: The tympanic bone.
tell-all: A publication, usually a book or magazine article, which tells all, revealing everything, particularly what is normally withheld.
facebook: A reference book or electronic directory made up of individuals’ photographs and names.
facebook: A college publication distributed at the start of the academic year by university administrations with the intention of helping students get to know each other better.
diborane: boron hydride, B₂H₆, a colourless explosive gas with a nasty smell; it has an unusual structure in which two of the hydrogen atoms form a bridge between the two boron atoms
hairline: The line along one's forehead where hair starts growing.
hairline: A very thin line in writing, drawing, or typography.
hairline: A fishing line made from hair.
hairline: A very thin fissure.
memsahib: A white European woman in colonial India.
typology: The study of symbolic representation, especially of the origin and meaning of Scripture types.
typology: The systematic classification of the types of something according to their common characteristics.
typology: The result of the classification of things according to their characteristics.
typology: Classification of languages according to their linguistic trait (as opposed to ancestrality like Romance languages).
typology: The doctrine of Scripture types or figures.
cenotaph: A monument, generally in the form of an empty tomb, erected to honour the dead whose bodies lie elsewhere, especially members of the armed forces who died in battle.
tuck box: A hamper of food (such as confectionery) taken to boarding school by students.
tuck box: A carton for storing a set of playing cards.
shotakon: Alternative form of shotacon
aequalis: The case conveying an equality with another noun, equivalent to “like” or “as” in English. This case is used in some languages like Inuktitut.
sideshow: A minor attraction at a larger event such as a circus, fair, music festival or similar.
sideshow: An incidental spectacle that diverts attention from a larger concern.
sideshow: An incident in which drivers block traffic to perform stunts like donuts and burnouts for an extended period of time.
timpanum: The eardrum.
timpanum: The middle ear.
timpanum: The diaphragm of a telephone.
timpanum: An external hearing organ in some insects.
timpanum: An ornamental panel in any triangular space.
timpanum: A kettledrum.
turn-off: Something that repulses, disgusts, or discourages, especially sexually.
turn-off: A road where one turns off, such as a motorway exit.
face-off: A confrontation or argument between two people or groups
face-off: The start of play, when two players try to get control of the puck dropped by the referee
snow day: A day when a school or other workplace is closed due to bad winter weather, especially snow.
snow day: A day when a school or other workplace is closed due to bad winter weather, especially snow.
snow day: A day when a school or other workplace is closed due to weather
snow day: A day set aside on a school calendar in certain climates, assuming a closure will occur during a given time period.
snow day: A day on which a fall of snow is observed.
snow day: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see snow, day.
idolater: One who worships idols; (historical) a pagan.
moulding: Alternative spelling of molding.
splatter: An uneven shape or mess created by something dispersing on impact.
splatter: A genre of gory horror.
splatter: Spurious emissions resulting from an abrupt change in a transmitted radio signal.
Turinese: a person from Turin
oversoul: A supreme reality or mind; the spiritual unity of all being.
ferocity: The condition of being ferocious.
gadgetry: machines, technology
gadgetry: A gadget.
repartee: A swift, witty reply, especially one that is amusing.
repartee: A conversation marked by a series of witty retorts.
repartee: Skill in replying swiftly and wittily.
federate: A member of a federation.
federate: a system participating in a collective simulation, particularly within the context of the HLA (High Level Architecture) standard.
Angelina: A young, inexperienced hobo (of either gender).
Angelina: A female denizen of Los Angeles. Alternative form of Angelena (“a female resident of Los Angeles”); feminine of Angelino (“a male resident of Los Angeles”); Synonym of Angelino/Angeleno (“a resident of Los Angeles of either gender”);
xerosere: The succession of ecological communities which originated in an extremely dry habitat such as a desert or sand dunes.
anacusis: Total deafness.
Tyrolese: A native or inhabitant of Tyrol.
canister: A cylindrical or rectangular container usually of lightweight metal, plastic, or laminated pasteboard used for holding a dry product (as tea, crackers, flour, matches).
canister: Any of various cylindrical metal receptacles usually with a removable close-fitting top.
canister: A special short-range antipersonnel projectile consisting of a casing of light metal, loaded with preformed submissiles such as flechettes or steel balls. The casing is designed to open just beyond the muzzle of the weapon, dispersing the submissiles.
canister: A projectile component containing colored or screening smoke or riot control agent composition.
canister: A component of canister-type protective masks containing a mechanical filter and chemical filling to filter, neutralize and/or absorb toxic chemical, biological and radiological agents.
canister: Part of a windmill that connects the sails to the windshaft.
canister: A person's head.
icehouse: A deep cellar or outdoor building used for the storage of ice or snow; sometimes also used to store food at low temperature.
icehouse: An ice hockey rink.
icehouse: A cold state in global climate.
Yuletide: The period around Christmas; the Christmas season, Christmastime; specifically, Christmas itself.
Yuletide: The period of celebration of a pre-Christian festival associated with the (northern) winter solstice, later absorbed into the festival of Christmas (but sometimes recreated by modern neo-pagans).
Yuletide: The period of southern winter in the middle of the year, sometimes celebrated in the colder, snowy regions of Australia with allusions to Christmas, which originated as a marketing gimmick.
babalaas: A very bad hangover.
keypress: The depression of an input key; a keystroke.
keypress: The buffered electrical signal resulting from such an event, sometimes distinguished from the release.
Tyrolean: A native or inhabitant of Tyrol.
Tyrolean: A zipline.
crockpot: A slow cooker.
discours: Obsolete form of discourse.
cakewalk: A contest in which cake was offered for the best dancers.
cakewalk: The style of music associated with such a contest.
cakewalk: The dance, or strutting style of dance associated with such a contest.
cakewalk: Something that is easy or simple, or that does not present a great challenge.
Semitist: someone who studies the history, languages and cultures of the Semitic peoples
kilt pin: A pin, somewhat similar in shape, though larger than, a safety pin or bobby pin, which is inserted through the outer, front apron, or through both aprons of a kilt or a kilt-skirt.
Yule log: A large log traditionally burned on Christmas Eve.
Yule log: A log-shaped Christmas sponge cake, covered in chocolate, traditionally from French-speaking countries.
ponytail: A hairstyle where the hair is pulled back and tied into a single "tail" which hangs down behind the head.
shitting: The act of defecating.
nematode: A worm of the large phylum Nematoda, such as a roundworm or threadworm.
diocesan: The bishop of a diocese.
diocesan: An inhabitant of a diocese.
oligarch: A member of an oligarchy; someone who is part of a small group that runs a country.
oligarch: A very wealthy business owner who wields political power.
oligarch: A protoplanet formed during oligarchic accretion.
marmoset: A small monkey, now specifically a Central and South American monkey of the genera Callithrix, Mico, Cebuella, or Callibella, with claws instead of nails, and a rather primitive layout.
marmoset: A hideous figure; a grotesque.
marmoset: An unappealing or foolish man.
tyramine: A compound which occurs naturally in cheese and other foods and can cause dangerously high blood pressure in people taking a monoamine oxidase inhibitor.
lifeline: A line to which a drowning or falling victim may cling.
lifeline: A source of salvation in a crisis.
lifeline: A means or route for transporting indispensable supplies.
lifeline: System or structure of vital importance to a community.
lifeline: On the deck of a boat, a line to which one can attach oneself to stay aboard on rough seas.
lifeline: A line from the diver to a tender at the surface control point.
lifeline: A particular crease in the palm.
tzedakah: The Jewish tradition of charity.
bomboora: Obsolete spelling of bombora
phenolic: A phenol compound.
phenolic: Any thermosetting resin manufactured from phenols and aldehydes.
phenolic: Any of a large group of pigments and flavouring agents, especially those found in grapes and wine.
stopover: A short interruption in a journey or the place visited during such an interruption.
hideaway: a hiding place, somewhere one can go to get away from other people
Rotarian: A member of a Rotary Club.
rearward: The part that comes last or is situated in the rear; conclusion, wind-up.
rearward: The last troop; the rear of an army; a rear guard.
wool wax: Lanolin.
cow shot: A batting stroke played across the line and aiming to hit the ball towards cow corner.
wool fat: Lanolin.
mudguard: A cover over the wheels of a vehicle, or a flap behind that wheel, to prevent water and mud being projected.
fastness: The quality or state of being fast (in various senses).
fastness: The quality or state of being strongly attached; firmness, secureness, tenacity.
fastness: The quality or state of being fast (in various senses).
fastness: The quality or state of being strongly attached; firmness, secureness, tenacity.
fastness: The ability of a dye to withstand fading.
fastness: The quality or state of being fast (in various senses).
fastness: The quality or state of moving quickly; quickness, rapidity, swiftness.
fastness: The quality or state of being fast (in various senses).
fastness: The quality or state of having an extravagant lifestyle or immoral habits.
fastness: The quality or state of being fast (in various senses).
fastness: Of a fortress or other place: the quality or state of being secure from access or attack; safety, security.
fastness: The quality or state of being fast (in various senses).
fastness: The quality or state of being firm, hard, or solid; firmness, hardness, solidity.
fastness: Something that is fast, or that causes someone or something to be fast (in various senses).
fastness: A fortified or secure place; a fortress, a stronghold.
fastness: Something that is fast, or that causes someone or something to be fast (in various senses).
fastness: Something used to fasten or tie; a fastener or fastening.
Pulitzer: Ellipsis of Pulitzer Prize.
praecipe: A writ demanding action, or requiring a reason for neglecting it.
praecipe: A request to a court to issue process.
armarium: Synonym of ambry (“cupboard or storage area”)
armarium: proventriculus
nutation: A bobbing motion that accompanies the precession of a spinning rigid body.
nutation: A nodding motion (of the head etc.).
nutation: Any of several irregularities in the precession of the equinoxes caused by varying torque applied to the Earth by the Sun and the Moon.
nutation: The circular motion of the tip of a growing shoot.
spoonful: The amount that a spoon will hold, either level or heaped.
exemplar: Something fit to be imitated; an ideal, a model.
exemplar: A role model.
exemplar: Something typical or representative of a class; an example that typifies.
exemplar: A pattern after which others should be made; an archetype.
exemplar: A well known usage of a scientific theory.
exemplar: A handwritten manuscript used by a scribe to make a handwritten copy; the original copy of what gets multiply reproduced in a copy machine.
exemplar: A copy of a book or piece of writing.
zaniness: The state or condition of being zany.
cervelat: A Swiss smoked sausage made with pork or beef.
overcoat: A heavy garment worn over other clothes, for protection from cold or weather.
fascicle: A bundle or cluster.
fascicle: A bundle of skeletal muscle fibers surrounded by connective tissue.
fascicle: A cluster of flowers or leaves, such as the bundles of the thin leaves (or needles) of pines.
fascicle: A discrete bundle of vascular tissue.
fascicle: A discrete section of a book issued or published separately.
schnapps: A type of distilled alcoholic beverage (liquor), often with a herbal or fruit flavoring, typically drunk neat as an apéritif or digestif.
schnapps: A serving of this beverage.
sunchoke: Synonym of Jerusalem artichoke
sump pit: A hole dug in the ground, beneath the basement of a house, in which rainwater or other moisture collect.
swathing: A wrapping.
overshoe: A shoe worn over an ordinary shoe, as:
overshoe: To protect from water or mud.
overshoe: A shoe worn over an ordinary shoe, as:
overshoe: To prevent damage to a floor.
vitalism: The doctrine that life involves some immaterial "vital force", and cannot be explained scientifically.
open mic: A music, poetry, or comedy stage platform with open invitation, that is, where anyone is invited to perform.
trickery: Deception or underhanded behavior.
trickery: The art of dressing up; imposture.
trickery: Artifice; the use of one or more stratagems.
trickery: An instance of deception, underhanded behavior, dressing up, imposture, artifice, etc.
tendance: The act of attending to or looking after something; tending, attention.
tendance: attendance (The act of attending or waiting)
tendance: People in attendance; attendants.
biologic: An extremely complex drug, vaccine or antitoxin that is made from a living organism, or from products of a living organism.
three-up: A gambling game played with three coins.
blowhole: The spiracle, on the top of the head, through which cetaceans breathe.
blowhole: A hole in sea ice where cetaceans and pinnipeds come to breathe.
blowhole: A top-facing opening to a cavity in the ground very near an ocean's shore, leading to a marine cave from which wave water or bursts of air are expelled.
blowhole: A vent for the escape of steam or other gas.
blowhole: An unintended cavity filled with air in a casting product.
blowhole: A vertical opening in the top of a computer case that lets hot air (primarily from the CPU heat sink) escape quickly.
teleplay: A script formatted like a screenplay, but written to be made into an episode of a television show.
locution: A phrase or expression connected to an individual or a group of individuals through repeated usage.
locution: The use of a word or phrase in an unusual or specialized way.
locution: Style of discourse or usage, or any particular utterance in such style.
locution: A supernatural revelation where a religious figure, statue or icon speaks, usually to a saint.
lambdoid: The lambdoid suture.
downhill: The fastest of the disciplines of alpine skiing.
downhill: A rapid descent of a hill in related sports, especially in alpine skiing.
yearling: An animal that is between one and two years old; one that is in its second year (but not yet two full years old).
yearling: A racehorse that is considered to be one year old until a subsequent January 1st.
yearling: A sophomore at West Point military academy.
tympanum: A drum.
tympanum: Any of various anatomic structures in various animals with analogy to a drum head:
tympanum: The eardrum (tympanic membrane, membrana tympanica).
tympanum: Any of various anatomic structures in various animals with analogy to a drum head:
tympanum: The main portion of the middle ear: the tympanic cavity (cavitas tympani).
tympanum: Any of various anatomic structures in various animals with analogy to a drum head:
tympanum: A thin tense membrane covering the hearing organ on the leg or body of some insects, sometimes adapted (as in cicadas) for producing sound.
tympanum: Any of various anatomic structures in various animals with analogy to a drum head:
tympanum: A membranous resonator in a sound-producing organ in frogs and toads.
tympanum: Any of various anatomic structures in various animals with analogy to a drum head:
tympanum: (in certain birds) The labyrinth at the bottom of the windpipe.
tympanum: A vertical recessed triangular space between the sides of a pediment, typically decorated
tympanum: A vertical recessed triangular space between the sides of a pediment, typically decorated
tympanum: The recessed triangular space within an arch, and above a lintel or a subordinate arch, spanning the opening below the arch
tympanum: A drum-shaped wheel with spirally curved partitions by which water is raised to the axis when the wheel revolves with the lower part of the circumference submerged; used for raising water, as for irrigation.
ice pick: Alternative spelling of icepick
buckshot: Lead shot used in shotgun cartridges, made of larger pellets than birdshot and suitable for hunting larger game. [from c.]
buckshot: Lead shot used in shotgun cartridges, made of larger pellets than birdshot and suitable for hunting larger game.
gangrene: The necrosis or rotting of flesh, usually caused by lack of blood supply.
gangrene: A damaging or corrupting influence.
ice milk: A dessert that resembles ice cream but is made of milk rather than cream.
teamster: A person who drives a team of animals (such as horses or oxen).
teamster: A person who drives a cargo truck (see Teamster).
ice foot: A ledge of ice that forms along the shoreline of the sea or of a great lake.
biathlon: Racing combining cross-country skiing and rifle shooting; (countable) a particular instance of such a race.
ice pack: A large floating mass of ice; pack ice.
ice pack: A pack of crushed ice applied to the body in order to reduce pain or inflammation.
ice pack: A plastic sac of silicone that can be cooled in a freezer and then used in a cool bag, cool box or cooler; a freezer block
heretike: Archaic spelling of heretic.
pack ice: A large consolidated mass of floating sea ice.
Ossetian: A member of the Iranian people inhabiting Ossetia.
radzimir: A black silk fabric once used for mourning clothes.
radzimir: A similar fabric for women's clothing made with lengthwise ribs or a broken twill weave.
sycomore: A type of fig, Ficus sycomorus, native to the Middle East; the sycamore tree of the Bible.
ice show: an entertainment performed by ice skaters
ice worm: any of several worms, of the genus Mesenchytraeus, that inhabit glacial ice
ice boat: An ice yacht.
ice boat: An icebreaker; a ship that breaks through ice.
prosecco: Alternative form of Prosecco
ice wine: A sweet dessert wine made from grapes that are harvested after they have naturally frozen on the vine.
paceline: A formation in which riders (especially bicycle racers) travel in a line, one close behind the other, in order to conserve energy and travel faster by riding in the draft of the riders in front. The foremost rider periodically drops to the rear to allow another to take his or her place.
shamrock: The trefoil leaf of any small clover, especially Trifolium repens, or such a leaf from a clover-like plant, commonly used as a symbol of Ireland.
shamrock: Any of several species of small clover-like plant species, with trefoil leaves, especially Trifolium repens.
suburban: A person who lives in a suburb.
suburban: An automobile with a station wagon body on a truck chassis.
archaeon: prokaryotic organism; member of the domain Archaea
feedline: Physical cabling that carries the radio signal to and from the aerial.
feedline: The conveyor belt, or other transport device, that delivers the meal to the animals.
feedline: The tube for gasoline that goes to the engine.
obsidian: A type of naturally occurring black glass produced by volcanoes.
obsidian: A slightly bluish black, the color of obsidian glass.
mu-metal: An alloy with high magnetic permeability, consisting of nickel (77%) and iron (15%) with traces of copper and molybdenum.
demiurge: The (usually benevolent) being that created the universe out of primal matter.
demiurge: A (usually jealous or outright malevolent) being who is inferior to the supreme being, and sometimes seen as the creator of evil.
demiurge: Something (such as an idea, individual or institution) conceived as an autonomous creative force or decisive power.
demiurge: The title of a magistrate in a number of states of Ancient Greece, and in the city states (poleis) of the Achaean League.
mu-meson: A muon (kind of subatomic particle).
jai alai: a Basque ball game in which the players propel the ball using a long basket attached to the wrist
petabyte: One quadrillion (10¹⁵, or 1,000,000,000,000,000) bytes or 1,000 terabytes.
petabyte: a pebibyte.
lead out: Alternative form of lead-out
raclette: A dish, of Swiss origin, similar to a fondue, consisting of melted cheese traditionally served on boiled potatoes and accompanied with pickles.
raclette: A firm cheese suitable for use in this dish.
Athenian: An inhabitant, resident, or citizen of Athens, Greece.
loudness: the perceptual strength or amplitude of sound pressure, measured in sones or phons
loudness: the physical strength of the sound pressure level, measured in decibels
ice rink: A specially frozen surface of water on which people skate or play ice hockey; the building that houses such a surface.
Hausfrau: A traditional housewife.
diaglyph: Glyptic art consisting of a sunken or depressed engraving or carving on a stone or gem.
yammerer: One who complains or whines peevishly or whimperingly.
zealotry: Something characteristic of a zealot; excessive zeal; fanaticism.
saraband: Alternative form of sarabande
yeomanry: A class of small freeholders who cultivated their own land.
yeomanry: A British volunteer cavalry force organized in 1761 for home defense and later incorporated into the Territorial Army.
chandler: A person who makes or sells candles.
chandler: A servant in a large household responsible for providing candles.
chandler: A dealer in (a specific kind of) provisions or supplies; especially a ship chandler.
melanism: Congenital excess of melanin pigmentation in the skin, hair, feathers and/or eyes.
crevette: A shrimp.
pre-test: Any test done as practice, before an official test.
granddad: grandfather
granddad: A familiar or disparaging term of address to an old man.
fiddling: action of the verb to fiddle
ebb tide: The period between high tide and the next low tide in which the sea is receding.
shipment: a load of goods that is transported by any method (not just by ship)
shipment: the act of transporting goods
sotomuso: a kimarite in which the attacker reaches over his opponent's body to block his leg and, at the same time, locking his gripping arm and twisting him over onto his back
susotori: A kimarite in which the attacker grabs his opponent's ankle and pulls it up, driving him over backwards.
easement: An interest in land which grants the legal right to use another person's real property (real estate), generally in order to cross a part of the property or to gain access to something on the property (right of way).
easement: An element such as a baseboard, handrail, etc., that is curved instead of abruptly changing direction.
easement: Easing; relief; assistance; support.
easement: The act of relieving oneself: defecating or urinating.
easement: Transition spiral curve track between a straight or tangent track and a circular curved track of a certain radius or selected radius.
easement: Gratification.
evocator: Someone who evokes.
evocator: A particular factor that controls the morphogenesis of the early embryo; the inductor.
relaxing: The process by which something is relaxed.
paycheck: Money received on payday as payment for work performed.
E number: Any of a range of European abbreviations for food additives used on labels.
E number: Any such additive, often regarded as undesirable.
backyard: A yard to the rear of a house or similar residence.
backyard: A person's neighborhood, or an area nearby to a person's usual residence or place of work and where the person is likely to go.
backyard: An area nearby to a country or other jurisdiction's legal boundaries, particularly an area in which the country feels it has an interest.
prophesy: Obsolete spelling of prophecy; now a misspelling.
makeover: A major change in the use of something, or in the appearance of something or someone; a radical transformation.
curcumin: A polyphenol (1E,6E)-1,7-bis(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)hepta-1,6-diene-3,5-dione; a major constituent of the spice turmeric.
handyman: A person who does small tasks and odd jobs
survivor: One who survives, especially one who survives a traumatic experience.
survivor: A person who is able to endure hardship.
survivor: One who knew a specific decedent.
4-H Club: A youth organization supported and sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, offering courses and lessons in agriculture and home economics.
gooranut: The kola nut, Cola acuminata
organoid: an organelle
organoid: a mass of cells, either artificially grown in vitro to simulate an organ or an abnormal mass that resembles an organ in structural appearance or qualities, such as a tumour
exonumia: Coinlike objects.
exonumia: Study and/or collection of such.
low blow: An unfair or illegal blow that lands below the opponent’s waist.
low blow: Any attack that is considered unfair or unscrupulous.
manicure: A cosmetic treatment for the fingernails.
manicure: A manicurist.
debonair: Debonaire behaviour; graciousness.
dumpster: A large, usually metal trash receptacle designed to be hoisted up by a garbage truck in order to be emptied.
stinking: The emission of a foul smell.
CAT scan: Computed axial tomography scan.
overtime: Working time outside of one's regular hours.
overtime: The rate of pay, usually higher, for work done outside of or in addition to regular hours.
overtime: An extra period of play when a contest has a tie score at the end of regulation.
overtime: A period of time longer than scheduled.
gorgonin: A complex protein frequently containing appreciable quantities of iodine and bromine that makes up the horny skeleton of typical gorgonians.
bulletin: A short report, especially one released through official channels to be immediately broadcast or publicized.
bulletin: A time-sensitive news item or short news report.
bulletin: A short printed publication, especially one produced regularly by an organization.
kaimakam: Alternative spelling of kaymakam
xylotomy: The art of preparing sections of wood (as by means of a microtome) for microscopic examination.
xanthism: A yellowish colouring of pigments in hair, skin, feathers, etc.
xiphioid: Any member of the genus Xiphias or family Xiphiidae.
Chandler: A California variety of pomelo with a smoother skin than many other varieties.
biolysis: The decomposition of tissue and the subsequent death of the organism
biolysis: the decomposition of organic material by living organisms, especially by microorganisms.
siloxane: Any of a class of compound having a short repeating unit of silicon and oxygen atoms (either in a chain or a ring), typically with organic side chains
footfall: The sound made by a footstep; also, the footstep or step itself.
footfall: The number of pedestrians going into or passing through a place (especially a commercial venue such as a shop) during a specified time period; also, the pedestrians in a particular place regarded collectively; foot traffic.
cover-up: An attempt to conceal or disguise something, especially a wrongdoing or a mistake.
cover-up: An item of clothing to be worn over a swimsuit while not in the water.
isolysis: The breakdown of cells due to the action of an isolysin and its antigen.
kyphosis: The normal convex curvature of the spine in the thoracic and sacral regions.
kyphosis: An abnormal convex curvature of the spine in the cervical or lumbar regions of the spine.
sprinter: One who sprints.
sprinter: Transition period between winter and spring: late winter.
pelosity: pilosity; hairiness
quadrans: A bronze coin of the Roman republic worth one quarter of an as.
phylarch: The ruler of a phyle in Ancient Greece.
phylarch: An Athenian hipparch, head of an Athenian clan in battle.
phylarch: A tribal chief, magistrate, or other local ruler.
pishogue: Magic, witchcraft; a spell, especially one designed to cause or cure illnesses to man or beast, or to increase or decrease the quantities of farm products such as butter or milk.
sacellum: A small chapel, as a monument within a church.
sacellum: In Ancient Rome, a shrine open to the sky, sometimes used for sacrificial purposes, or in honor of the divine.
mob rule: Government by violent gangs, or by the masses.
thankyou: Alternative spelling of thank-you
petechia: A small spot, especially on an organ, caused by bleeding underneath the skin.
quaestio: In ancient Rome, a commission to inquire into a criminal matter given to a citizen (the quaesitor) who then reported to whoever appointed him.
gunpoint: A location in the front of the muzzle of a gun.
gunpoint: Threat or coercion by display or aiming a firearm or similar weapon.
epinasty: The downward curvature of leaves etc due to differential growth rates.
epinasty: A nastic movement which bends a plant part (e.g. a petal) outward.
hay loft: Alternative spelling of hayloft
Huntaway: the New Zealand sheepdog
long run: An extended period of time.
relating: The act of relating, or forming or identifying relationships; relation.
perizoma: A loincloth worn by men and women in ancient Greece.
ringworm: A contagious fungal infection of the skin, characterised by ring-shaped discoloured patches, covered by vesicles or scales.
cohesive: A substance that provides cohesion
cohesive: A device used to establish cohesion within a text
quarrons: The body.
epiblast: The outer layer of a blastula that, after gastrulation, becomes the ectoderm.
nanotube: Shortening of carbon nanotube; A carbon molecule, in the shape of a tube, having a fullerene structure and a diameter of about 1 or 2 nanometers.
nanotube: any nanotech tubular structure with a characteristic diameter measured in a few nanometres, such as titanium nanotubes
guyliner: Eyeliner when used on men; usually associated with the goth and emo subcultures.
sinkhole: A hole formed in soluble rock by the action of water, serving to conduct surface water to an underground passage.
sinkhole: A depressed area in which waste or drainage collects.
sinkhole: A hole in the playfield that rewards the player when the ball is guided into it.
sinkhole: A domain name server that has been configured to hand out non-routeable addresses for all domains, so that every computer that uses it will fail to get access to the real website.
sinkhole: An attack which redirects requests - be it network or memory accesses - to a new location defined by the attacker.
hatstand: A device used to store hats upon, consisting of a vertical pole with a sturdy base to prevent toppling, and an array of pegs to hold the hats.
fineness: The quality or degree of being fine.
fineness: The ratio, in a precious metal, of the primary metal to any additives or impurities.
fineness: The ratio of length to width of a ship, aircraft or rocket
recusant: Someone refusing to attend Church of England services, between the 16th and early 19th centuries.
recusant: Anyone refusing to submit to authority or regulation.
bismarck: A dessert pastry:
bismarck: A doughnut filled with cream, often with chocolate icing.
bismarck: A dessert pastry:
bismarck: A jelly doughnut: a doughnut filled with jam and coated with sugar.
bismarck: A dessert pastry:
bismarck: A fried cruller, or a sort of pancake.
saltillo: In Mexican languages, especially Nahuatl, a glottal stop or fricative sound.
saltillo: An apostrophe-like symbol (Ꞌ or ꞌ) used to represent this sound.
periplus: An account of a voyage, particularly those of Hanno and Arrian, recording ports and coastal landmarks.
periplus: A voyage along a coast.
periplus: Synonym of circuit: the path or distance around a coast.
periplus: Synonym of circumnavigation: a voyage around an island or the world.
quaestor: An Ancient Roman official responsible for public revenue and other financial affairs.
quaestor: The Quaestor sacri palatii of the late Roman Empire and Byzantium; first generally a legislator, then judicial official, and eventually an honorary title by the 14th century.
quaestor: In the Middle Ages, an officer who announced indulgences.
hog line: The line which the stone must completely cross to be considered in play
hog line: The line before which the thrower must let go of the rock during delivery
rambling: A long meandering talk with no specific topic or direction.
rambling: A gentle hike.
sphagnum: Any of various widely distributed mosses, of genus Sphagnum, which slowly decompose to form peat.
calabozo: calaboose; prison
Perugian: A native or resident of Perugia.
pericarp: The outermost layer, or skin, of a ripe fruit or ovary.
pericarp: The outer layer of anything.
pretence: An act of pretending or pretension; a false claim or pretext.
pretence: Something asserted or alleged on slight evidence; an unwarranted assumption.
pretence: Intention; design.
carinate: Any bird having a keeled breastbone allowing the attachment of flight muscles.
involute: A curve that cuts all tangents of another curve at right angles; traced by a point on a string that unwinds from a curved object.
stopping: The act of something that stops; a halt.
stopping: Material for filling a cavity in a tooth.
stopping: A partition or door to direct or prevent a current of air.
stopping: A pad or poultice of dung or other material applied to a horse's hoof to keep it moist.
isostasy: The state of balance or pressure equilibrium thought to exist within the Earth's crust, whereby the upper lithosphere floats on denser magma beneath.
thrombin: An enzyme in blood that facilitates blood clotting by converting fibrinogen to fibrin (by means of ionized calcium).
userpass: A combination of username and password.
picaroon: A pirate or picaro.
picaroon: A pirate ship.
picaroon: A rogue.
picaroon: A tool consisting of a curved spike or hook, fitted to a long shaft, used in logging and fishing to snag, move and hold.
gangling: A member of a gang.
dogballs: A score of eight on any one hole, generally regarded as a very poor score, because the maximum number (par) for any golf hole is five.
sesterce: A sestertius.
coverall: A loose-fitting jumpsuit-style protective garment worn over other clothing.
tricolon: A sentence with three clearly defined parts of equal length, usually independent clauses.
tricolon: The symbol ⁝, a colon with three dots instead of two.
parietal: Either of the two parietal bones, on the top and side of the skull.
parietal: Any of the scales of a snake that are located on the head and connected to the frontals towards the posterior.
parietal: A flat Roman wall tile with roughened surface, used as a base for plasterwork.
parietal: Dormitory rules governing visits from members of the opposite sex.
shamisen: A kind of three-stringed Japanese fretless lute.
hookworm: Any of various parasitic bloodsucking roundworms which cause disease, especially the species Ancylostoma duodenale and Necator americanus, having hooked mouthparts and entering their hosts by boring through the skin.
Falstaff: A fat and jolly knight.
atomiser: Alternative form of atomizer
re-entry: The act of entering again.
re-entry: The return of a spacecraft into the Earth's atmosphere.
re-entry: The reestablishment of possession under a right or rights reserved in a previous conveyance.
re-entry: The act of retaking possession of land, etc.; the entry by a lessor upon the premises leased, on failure of the tenant to pay rent or perform the covenants in the lease.
re-entry: A break in the pitch order of strings.
re-entry: The reactivation of (a region of) myocardial tissue by a single, returning impulse.
re-entry: The act of retaking the lead by winning a trick.
re-entry: A re-entry card.
re-entry: A trick involving climbing a wave and then returning back down its face.
gas mask: A covering for the face with a filter to protect the user from poison gas.
lollipop: An item of confectionery consisting of a piece of candy/sweet attached to a stick.
lollipop: Something having the shape of a lollipop: a linear stem connected to a round body.
monopole: An appellation owned by a single winery.
monopole: A magnetic monopole.
monopole: A monopole antenna.
monopole: An electrical power transmission line having one direct-current conductor and a ground (earth) connection.
infusion: A product consisting of a liquid which has had other ingredients steeped in it to extract useful qualities.
infusion: The act of steeping or soaking a substance in liquid so as to extract medicinal or herbal qualities.
infusion: The act of installing a quality into a person.
infusion: The act of dipping into a fluid.
infusion: The administration of liquid substances directly into a vein for medical purposes; perfusion.
chitchat: Alternative spelling of chit-chat
chiseler: One who uses a chisel for carving.
chiseler: A cheat; a swindler; a con artist.
chiseler: A child.
kha-nyou: A rodent species of the Khammouan region of Laos, Laonastes aenigmamus, first described in 2005
fantasie: Obsolete spelling of fantasy
toppings: That which comes from hemp in the process of hatcheling.
xanthine: Any of a group of alkaloids that include caffeine, theophylline, and theobromine as well as the parent compound, a precursor of uric acid found in many organs of the body.
euryopia: A condition in which the eyes are open abnormally wide.
showdown: The final battle between two nemeses, in which there can be but one victor.
showdown: The final round in a poker match, where the all remaining players' cards have to be put down on the table and shown.
lakeside: The ground near the edge of a lake; the land adjacent to a lake.
vesicant: Any material that causes blisters upon contact with the skin.
heirloom: A valued possession that has been passed down through the generations.
heirloom: An old crop variety that has been passed down through generations of farmers by seed saving and cultivation, in contrast to modern cultivars used in large-scale agriculture.
geophyte: A perennial plant, for example the potato or daffodil, which in spring propagates from an underground organ such as a bulb, tuber, corm or rhizome.
giggling: The act of producing giggles; high-pitched laughter
glinting: A glint.
pedicure: A cosmetic treatment for the feet and toenails.
pedicure: A pedicurist.
flea pit: A dilapidated building, stereotypically hosting a low-grade cinema.
Lunarian: An inhabitant of Luna (the Moon).
Lunarian: A maritime navigator who uses the Moon to determine longitude without the need for an accurate clock
Lunarian: A member of the New York Science Fiction Society.
foosball: table soccer (US), table football (UK)
chillout: A period of quiet, rest and relaxation, especially after a party etc.
chillout: Synonym of downtempo
sniffler: A person who sniffles.
sniffler: A slight breeze.
kiloware: Postage stamps bought by weight, rather than numerical quantity, and commonly still on paper.
stabbing: An incident in which a person is stabbed.
bdellium: An aromatic gum-like balsam extracted from one of several species of tree in the genus Commiphora.
munchkin: A child.
munchkin: A person of very short stature.
munchkin: Alternative form of Munchkin (“domestic cat breed”)
munchkin: A player who mainly concentrates on increasing their character's power and capabilities.
munchkin: Synonym of donut hole (“ball-shaped pastry”) (genericization of the Dunkin' trademark "Munchkins")
backburn: A controlled burn, lit in the path of a wildfire, in order to deprive it of combustible material.
horologe: Synonym of sundial or clock, a device or mechanism used to tell the hour of the day.
provider: One who, or that which, provides a service, commodity, or the means for subsistence.
epifauna: The benthic fauna, i.e. the collection of sea animals living on the seafloor.
subtribe: A tribe making up part of a larger tribe.
subtribe: A taxonomic category ranking below tribe.
bank mix: bulk stamps collected by banks and other large businesses, then sold to the collecting trade to raise funds for charities.
casanova: Alternative letter-case form of Casanova
predella: A raised step near the base of a Christian altar.
predella: A carving or painting on this step.
sayonara: An utterance of sayonara, the wishing of farewell to someone.
halfbeak: Any slender, marine fish of the family Hemiramphidae, having the upper jaw much shorter than the lower, the balahoos or ballyhoos.
claiming: The act of making a claim.
wainscot: An area of wooden (especially oaken) panelling on the lower part of a room’s walls.
wainscot: Any of various noctuid moths.
sterling: The currency of the United Kingdom; especially the pound.
sterling: Former British gold or silver coinage of a standard fineness: for gold 0.91666 and for silver 0.925.
sterling: Sterling silver, or articles made from this material.
sterling: A structure of pilings that protects the piers of a bridge; a starling.
pussycat: Alternative form of pussy-cat
coasting: The act of sailing along a coast, or from port to port.
coasting: The act of disengaging the gears of a moving vehicle and rolling along without the use of engine power.
butthole: The anus.
butthole: An objectionable person; a bastard; a jerk.
entryway: An opening or hallway allowing entry into a structure.
trochaic: A poetical composition of this kind.
Solarian: An inhabitant of the Sun.
Solarian: An inhabitant of any part of the solar system of the Sun.
vomiting: The act of one who vomits, or the matter that is vomited.
scrounge: Someone who scrounges; a scrounger.
sobriety: The quality or state of being sober.
sobriety: The quality or state of not being intoxicated.
sobriety: The quality or state of being sober.
sobriety: The quality or state of being grave or earnestly thoughtful.
sobriety: The quality or state of being sober.
sobriety: The state or quality of being unhurried; a state of calm.
sobriety: The quality or state of being sober.
sobriety: A state of moderation or seriousness.
sobriety: The quality or state of being sober.
sobriety: Modesty in color or style.
sobriety: Soundness of judgment.
pushknee: A triangular steel structure incorporated into or attached to the bow of a pushboat, allowing the boat to face up to a barge which is higher than the deck of the pushboat.
fishtank: Alternative form of fish tank
colicine: Any of various antibiotics produced naturally by bacteria such as Escherichia coli.
icemaker: A device found in a freezer that is used to make ice.
makespan: the time difference between the start and finish of a sequence of jobs or tasks
visioner: A visionary, one who has visions.
visioner: One who converts a vision (such as idea or concept) into a visual image, e.g. a storyboard, animation, movie footage.
groaning: A low sound associated with extended suffering, sorrow, and toil.
groaning: Ellipsis of groaning time. (childbirth, labour)
paleness: The condition or degree of being pale or of lacking color.
jawsmith: An orator, especially a demagogue.
jawsmith: A union organizer; later especially of the International Workers of the World.
abiocoen: The non-living components of an environment, such as water, soil, air, etc.
curb bit: A type of bit used on a bridle, which works by leverage and has shanks and a curb chain.
quencher: Something that quenches (thirst, fire, etc.)
genetive: Alternative spelling of genitive
fixative: A substance that fixes, protects, or preserves.
fixative: The components of a perfume that prolong or bolster the notes, and may or may not be the base note itself.
footwear: Items or an item of clothing that is worn on the foot; a shoe, sandal, etc.
whirring: A whirr, the sounds of a whirr.
slugabed: A lazy person who lies in bed after the usual time for getting up; a sluggard.
skerrick: A very small amount or portion, particularly used in the negative.
race car: A car designed for use on racetracks in motor racing events.
cesspool: An underground pit where sewage is held.
cesspool: A filthy place.
ach-laut: The guttural phoneme /x/ (the voiceless velar fricative) of the German language, the sound of the letters ch in German coming immediately after a, o and u (central and back vowels), also found in other languages.
fluorone: A tricyclic heterocyclic ketone that is the basis of a class of synthetic dyestuffs.
hypothec: In Scotland, a landlord's right over the stocking (cattle, implements, etc.), and crops of his tenant, as security for payment of rent.
hypothec: In Québec, a legal right over property used as security for an obligation, such as a mortgage.
hypothec: Everything; the whole lot.
pet door: An opening in a door for pets to come in and out of the house without requiring a human to open the door.
joggling: The act by which something is joggled, or shaken up and down.
joggling: The act of juggling while jogging.
sand bar: Alternative spelling of sandbar
longeron: A thin strip of wood or metal, to which the skin of an aircraft is fastened.
forenoon: Synonym of morning: the part of the day between sunrise and noon.
wounding: The act of inflicting a wound.
wounding: An instance of being wounded.
solidity: The state or quality of being solid.
solidity: Moral firmness; validity; truth; certainty.
solidity: The solid contents of a body; volume; amount of enclosed space.
demagogy: demagogism
mandrill: A primate, Mandrillus sphinx, with colorful face and rump.
uchimuso: A kimarite in which the attacker sweeps one of his opponent's legs up by hitting his inner thigh, then pulling him with the other hand.
uchigake: a kimarite in which the attacker pulls his opponent forward, hooks his opponent's leg with his own, and pulls him over backwards.
sameness: The quality of being the same; identity.
sameness: The state of being equivalent; equality.
sameness: A tiring lack of variety; monotony.
nuthouse: A hospital for the mentally ill.
repeater: One who or that which repeats.
repeater: A student repeating a course or class.
repeater: A patient who repeatedly presents with the same symptoms.
repeater: A consumer who repeatedly purchases the same goods or services.
repeater: One who votes more than once at an election.
repeater: A person who regularly sees unexplained sightings of paranormal phenomena.
repeater: A gun that has a store of cartridges and does not need reloading after each shot.
repeater: A telegraphic instrument for automatically retransmitting a message.
repeater: An electronic device that receives a weak or low-level signal and retransmits it at a higher level or higher power.
repeater: A watch with a striking apparatus which, upon pressure of a spring, will indicate the time, usually in hours and quarters.
repeater: A frigate appointed to attend an admiral in a fleet, and to repeat the admiral's signals.
repeater: A pennant used to indicate that a certain flag in a hoist of signal is duplicated.
repeater: A repeating decimal.
repeater: In calico printing, a design repeated at equal intervals in a pattern.
cellmate: A person with whom one shares a prison cell.
sandbank: A ridge of sand along a shore that is partially or totally submerged and thus a hazard to shipping.
escopeta: Alternative form of escopet
klystron: an electron tube used to amplify microwave-frequency electromagnetic radiation.
urbanite: Someone who lives in a city or similar urban area.
urbanite: One of a demographic class of young, socially-conscious, urban professionals.
urbanite: Rock-like recycled building material from man-made sources.
sanitary: Sanitary towel.
zubuneri: A kimarite in which the attacker buries his head in the opponent's chest, locks his arm, and spins him down using the head as fulcrum.
yorikiri: A kimarite in which the attacker drives his opponent out backwards while maintaining a constant grip on his mawashi.
darkroom: A dark room, where photographs are developed.
darkroom: A darkened room where sexual activity can take place, especially one in a gay club.
negligee: Alternative form of négligée
santalin: The red dye, otherwise known as santalic acid, derived from the plant Pterocarpus santalinus.
whooping: Alternative form of whupping
girl-boy: A girlish boy.
telestic: Alternative form of telestich
backlist: A list of older books available from a publisher, as opposed to the frontlist of more recent titles.
syndoche: Alternative spelling of synecdoche
toponomy: Alternative spelling of toponymy
gas pump: A device at a gas station that dispenses gasoline.
jumpsuit: a one-piece item of clothing originally used by parachutists
jumpsuit: a similar item of clothing used for outdoor sports such as skiing
perfecto: A large, tapered cigar.
perfecto: In baseball or bowling, a perfect game.
cat food: A type of food specially formulated for the feeding of cats, typically composed of processed grain and meat byproducts as dry food or canned fish or meat as wet food.
bullcrap: bullshit
failsafe: Alternative form of fail-safe
wanderer: One who wanders, who travels aimlessly.
wanderer: Any of various far-migrating nymphalid butterflies of the genus Danaus.
wanderer: The wandering albatross, Diomedea exulans.
pizzaman: A man who delivers pizzas.
pizzeria: A restaurant that bakes and sells pizzas.
hissyfit: Alternative form of hissy fit
the pits: Something miserable or unpleasant.
barstool: Alternative form of bar stool
critique: The art of criticism.
critique: An essay in which another piece of work is criticised, reviewed, etc.
critique: A point made to criticize something.
critique: A critic; one who criticises.
red flag: A flag that is red, especially associated with leftist revolutionary ideologies.
red flag: A cue, warning, or alert; a sign or signal that something is wrong.
red flag: Something that will enrage a particular person; a red rag.
red flag: A flag formerly used by a railway guard to warn the driver not to start the train.
red flag: A signal that the race must be stopped immediately (and possibly restarted).
skidding: The motion of something that skids.
skidding: The logging operation for pulling cut trees out of a forest.
carry-on: That luggage or baggage which is taken onto an airplane (or a ferry, etc.) with a passenger, rather than checked.
carry-on: That luggage or baggage which is taken onto an airplane (or a ferry, etc.) with a passenger, rather than checked.
carry-on: A bag, suitcase, etc., used to carry this luggage or baggage.
carry-on: A palaver; a disorderly or absurd situation.
perentie: The largest Australian monitor lizard or goanna, Varanus giganteus.
Jeremiah: A person who is pessimistic about the present and foresees a calamitous future; a prophet of doom.
feedback: Critical assessment of a process or activity or of their results.
feedback: The part of an output signal that is looped back into the input to control or modify a system.
feedback: The high-pitched howling noise heard when there is a loop between a microphone and a speaker.
solarium: A room, rooftop, balcony, or terrace, used for its abundant sunlight (especially) when used as a medical treatment.
solarium: Synonym of tanning salon, a room or business used for its sunlamps or tanning beds.
solarium: Synonym of sundial.
blockage: The state or condition of being blocked.
blockage: The thing that is the cause of such a state, blocking a passage.
blockage: Occlusion of a lumen (especially that of a blood vessel or intestine), or the thing that is causing it; as:
blockage: Synonym of thrombosis, synonym of thromboembolism, or synonym of embolism.
blockage: Occlusion of a lumen (especially that of a blood vessel or intestine), or the thing that is causing it; as:
blockage: Synonym of constipation (“impairment of feces passage”).
univocal: A word having only one meaning.
univocal: A document containing instances of only one vowel.
saucepan: A deep cooking vessel with a handle and sometimes a lid; used for boiling, stewing and making sauces.
verdancy: The state of being verdant.
symbiont: An organism that lives in a symbiotic relationship.
completo: A hot dog with the works.
completo: A complete game.
sapphism: Lesbianism; female homosexuality.
dialysis: A method of separating molecules or particles of different sizes by differential diffusion through a semipermeable membrane.
dialysis: Utilization of this method for removal of waste products from the blood in the case of kidney failure: hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis.
dialysis: The spelling out of alternatives, or presenting of either-or arguments that lead to a conclusion.
dialysis: Asyndeton.
norbixin: The carboxylic acid of which bixin is the methyl ester; more soluble in water than bixin.
foothold: A solid grip with the feet.
foothold: A secure position from which it is difficult to be dislodged.
foothold: Airhead, beachhead, bridgehead, lodgement.
band-aid: An adhesive bandage, a small piece of fabric or plastic that may be stuck to the skin in order to temporarily cover a small wound.
band-aid: A temporary or makeshift solution to a problem, created ad hoc and often with a lack of foresight.
dead ice: Former glacier ice that is no longer connected to the active glacier, therefore not moving, and becoming covered with sediments.
curative: A substance that acts as a cure.
paperboy: A male who delivers newspapers to houses on a paper round.
suckling: An infant that is still being breastfed (being suckled) by its mother.
suckling: A young mammal not yet weaned and still being fed milk by its mother.
suckling: The act of suckling.
anteater: Any of several animals of South and Central America, in suborder Vermilingua, which are noted for eating ants and termites which they catch with their long sticky tongues.
anteater: Any of some other not closely related species that feed with ants, including pangolin (scaly anteater), echidna (spiny anteater), aardvark and numbat (banded anteater).
tramadol: A synthetic opioid analgesic administered orally in the form of its hydrochloride C₁₆H₂₅NO₂·HCl to treat moderate to severe pain.
laetrile: A drug, derived from the amygdalin of apricot kernels, once thought capable of destroying cancer cells by the release of cyanide but later banned in the United States by the FDA.
finalist: Somebody or something that appears in the final stage of a competition.
finalist: A university student in their final year of study.
finalist: A university student during the period of sitting their final examinations (whether or not in their final year of study).
calender: A machine, used for the purpose of giving cloth, paper etc., a smooth, even, and glossy or glazed surface, by cold or hot pressure, or for watering them and giving them a wavy appearance; it consists of two or more cylinders revolving nearly in contact, with the necessary apparatus for moving and regulating.
calender: One who pursues the business of calendering.
calender: One of a wandering, mendicant Sufic order of fantastically dressed or painted dervishes, founded in the 13th century by an Arab named Yusuf.
calender: Obsolete form of calendar.
calender: Misspelling of calendar.
spanking: A form of physical punishment in which a beating is applied to the buttocks.
spanking: An incident of such punishment, or such physical act in a non-punitive context, such as a birthday spanking.
lacertus: A bundle or fascicle of muscular fibres.
racemate: a racemic mixture
racemate: any salt or ester of racemic acid
racemate: One racing in the same race.
racemate: One of the same racial group.
bookshop: A shop that sells books.
Sotonian: Someone from Southampton.
foursome: A group of four, a quartet or a game (such as golf) played by four players, especially by two teams of two.
foursome: A sex act between four people.
importer: One who, or that which, imports: especially a person or company importing goods into a country.
fuckmate: A fuckbuddy; a friend with whom one has casual sex without commitments.
lenience: Leniency: mercy or forgiveness in the assignment of punishment.
pheresis: Synonym of apheresis
Dubliner: Someone from Dublin, Ireland
flipping: The process of something being flipped or turned over.
flipping: The practice of buying real estate, making improvements to it, and reselling it for a higher price.
landward: The side facing land.
lameness: An impediment to walking due to the feet or legs.
lameness: The quality of being lame, pathetic or uncool.
big deal: Something very important or difficult; a matter of great concern; a considerable feat or achievement.
big deal: Someone very important; a VIP.
lutanist: Alternative form of lutenist
leanness: The property of being lean, without excess or fat.
legalese: Technical jargon common in the legal profession, the argot of lawyers.
legalese: Wordy, ostentatious talk or writing that resembles legal writing, especially when confusing to laypeople; bureaucratese; officialese.
lutenist: One who plays the lute, a lutist.
lunkhead: A fool or idiot.
stinging: The act by which someone receives a sting.
billiard: A shot in billiards or snooker in which the cue ball strikes two other balls; a carom.
billiard: Pertaining to the game of billiards.
billiard: A dynamical system in which a particle alternates between motion in a straight line and specular reflections from a boundary.
laywoman: A woman who is a layperson, one who has not taken a religious oath (such as becoming a nun).
laywoman: A woman who is not a professional in a given field.
breakout: An escape from prison.
breakout: An escape from any restrictive or confining situation.
breakout: The point at which visibility returns after passing through clouds.
breakout: An outbreak (sudden eruption of disease etc.).
breakout: A breakdown of statistics; a detailed view of component parts.
breakout: A room in a hotel etc. that can be taken by a smaller group at a large conference.
lateness: The property of being late.
liposome: An aqueous compartment enclosed by a bimolecular membrane, typically of phospholipid; a lipid vesicle.
ethamine: ethylamine
limonite: Any of several natural hydrous iron oxides; often a mixture of goethite and hemite with clays and manganese oxide.
laminate: Material formed of thin sheets glued together.
bikeshed: An enclosed structure where bicycles may be stored.
bikeshed: A topic that is attracting debate out of proportion to its actual importance.
bikeshed: The land area within a defined biking range of a specified location.
launcher: One who or that which launches. A device that throws something or the person who initiates a launch.
launcher: An application that launches another or others, often holding icons or menus for frequently used programs.
lawgiver: One who provides laws to a society.
lawgiver: Any lawmaker.
delirium: A temporary mental state with a sudden onset, usually reversible, including symptoms of confusion, inability to concentrate, disorientation, anxiety, and sometimes hallucinations. Causes can include dehydration, drug intoxication, and severe infection.
delirium: Wild, frenzied excitement or ecstasy.
cephalin: A phospholipid found particularly in the cells of nervous tissue; it is also the primary phospholipid in bacteria.
lambency: The property of being lambent, brightness.
lecithin: The principal phospholipid in animals; it is particularly abundant in egg yolks, and is extracted commercially from soy. It is a major constituent of cell membranes, and is commonly used as a food additive (as an emulsifier).
lingerer: Agent noun of linger; one who lingers.
lamppost: The pole that holds up a light so it can illuminate a wide area, such as holds up a streetlight.
lamppost: A tall, thin person.
hexamine: Contraction of hexamethylenetetramine.
dhobying: The washing of clothes; laundry
leniency: The quality of mercy or forgiveness, especially in the assignment of punishment as in a court case.
leniency: An act of being lenient.
misprint: An accidental mistake in print.
headshot: A portrait for branding and/or social media.
headshot: A gunshot to the head.
headshot: A one-page, double-sided resume of an actor, consisting of the actor's photograph (usually of the head and shoulders) on one side and their curriculum vitae on the other.
locoweed: Any of several plants indigenous to the western United States, of genus Oxytropis or Astragalus.
loiterer: One who loiters, one who lingers or hangs around.
overbite: A malocclusion in which the upper teeth extend over the lower ones.
linguini: Alternative spelling of linguine
landsman: A person who does not go to sea, who lacks the skills of a sailor or who is uncomfortable on ships or boats.
landsman: A person who negotiates leases, contracts and other business deals between producers and landowners.
landsman: A fellow Jew who comes from the same district or town, especially in Eastern Europe
landsman: Someone of a similar heritage or belief system
landsman: A military rank given to naval recruits
legation: The purpose for which a legate is sent; a legate's mission or commission. Now rare (cf. OED)
legation: The post or office of a legate; a legateship.
legation: A diplomatic mission.
legation: The official residence of a diplomat.
indamine: any of a range of organic bases related to phenazine; they form indigo-coloured salts used in making dyes
stumbler: Agent noun of stumble; one who stumbles.
apostilb: a unit of luminance, being the luminance of a perfectly diffusing surface emitting light at the rate of ¹⁄_π candela per square metre. Also known as a blondel.
tomnoddy: The puffin.
tomnoddy: A fool or dunce.
sycamine: A tree, mentioned in Luke's Gospel, and thought to be the black mulberry.
sympatry: The use of the same (or overlapping) geographical areas, by populations of related species, without interbreeding.
letterer: A person who is professionally employed to add writing to something (as a sign, shop window, etc.)
letterer: A particular profession in the production of comics, an artist specializing in neatly writing written material such as dialogue.
letterer: A device for printing letters of text.
talapoin: A monkey from one of two species of Old World monkeys, of the genus Miopithecus, distinguished by a short-snouted head with a hairless face.
talapoin: A Buddhist monk or priest.
blueline: A reproduction of the material submitted for printing, computer-generated or printed from film, provided to the customer for approval before the material is printed.
irrealis: An irrealis construct.
molester: Agent noun of molest: one who molests.
bed push: A fundraising event, usually run by hospitals, where a wheeled bed is pushed through the streets to raise awareness of the campaign.
limpness: Property of being limp.
archaism: The adoption or imitation of archaic words or style.
archaism: An archaic word, style, etc.
thiamine: One of the constituents of vitamin B complex, found in meat, yeast and bran, that is necessary for the metabolism of carbohydrates.
lewdness: The quality, state or instance of being lewd; promiscuous.
melamine: A strong aromatic heterocyclic base, triaminotriazine, used in combination with formaldehyde to manufacture melamine resins; any such resin, such as Formica
erl-king: Alternative form of erlking
brougham: A four-wheeled horse-drawn carriage, designed in 1839. It had an open seat for the driver in front of the closed cabin for two or four passengers.
brougham: An automobile, a sedan without a roof over the driver's seat.
leveller: A person or thing that levels.
leveller: Something that transcends people’s differences (such as social class, wealth, etc.); something that tends to eliminate advantages and disadvantages.
leveller: A person holding a political opinion in favor of eliminating disparities between the haves and the have-nots.
leveller: An equaliser.
conveyer: Alternative spelling of conveyor
skoramis: A chamber pot.
apograph: A copy or transcript of a manuscript (called the antigraph).
silencer: Something that silences
silencer: An attachment to a gun or an exhaust pipe that reduces the sound it emits
silencer: Something that silences
silencer: The muffler of an internal combustion engine.
silencer: Something that silences
silencer: Any of various devices to silence the humming noise of telegraph wires
silencer: Something that silences
silencer: Something that prevents gene expression
isocracy: A form of government where all citizens have equal political power.
icthyoid: Misspelling of ichthyoid.
lysogeny: The incorporation of the nucleic acid of a bacteriophage into that of a host bacterium; sometimes transmitted to daughter cells following lysis
soulmate: Someone, especially a romantic partner, with whom one is exceptionally or uniquely compatible or has a special, almost spiritual connection.
cryptand: any of a class of polycyclic compounds related to the crown ethers, having three chains attached at two nitrogen atoms
lollypop: Alternative spelling of lollipop
leukemic: A person who has leukemia.
lysozyme: A bacteriolytic (or antibiotic) enzyme found in many animal secretions, and in egg white.
conveyor: A person that conveys, transports or delivers.
conveyor: Anything that conveys, transports or delivers.
conveyor: A mechanical arrangement for transporting material or objects, generally over short or moderate distances, as from one part of a building to another.
AS level: Alternative spelling of AS-level
ergology: The study of the psychological effects of work, or of work patterns; especially the causes of work-related stress (job stress).
ergology: Knowledge originating from the study of the object culture of non-European traditional societies.
lankness: The property of being lank, slender or thin.
lankness: The property of being lank: straight, flat and limp. (of hair)
lysosome: An organelle found in all types of animal cells which contains a large range of digestive enzymes capable of splitting most biological macromolecules.
swearing: The act of swearing, or making an oath.
vagility: The degree to which an organism or taxon can or does move or spread within an environment.
thievery: The act of theft, the act of stealing.
thievery: That which is stolen.
allerion: Alternative form of alerion
linguine: Ribbons of pasta, cut from a sheet, not as wide as tagliatelle.
Lusatian: A member of the Lusatian people.
pnictide: Any binary compound of a pnictogen
rudeness: The property of being rude.
rudeness: A rude remark or behaviour.
Vauxhall: A make of British motor car, first manufactured in Vauxhall in London.
steering: Equipment used to control direction; something used to steer.
armorist: A person skilled in the bearings of coats of arms, and all relating to their emblazonment.
armorist: An armorer; one who produces arms and armor.
bluebook: A blank booklet of lined paper used in the administration of examinations, so named because of its pale blue front and back covers.
cavitand: Any of several classes of macrocycle that have a shape containing a cavity in which a guest molecule or ion may fit.
spherand: A complex cryptand, having an almost spherical structure, that is able to form complexes by enveloping metal cations.
aglycone: The non-sugar fragment of a glycoside.
Padishah: A ruler of a Muslim country or state.
strap-on: A strap-on booster.
strap-on: An artificial phallus attached with a strap, usually a dildo.
strap-on: Synonym of keytar (“keyboard supported by a strap around the neck and shoulders”).
sodality: A fraternity, a society or association.
sodality: Companionship.
sodality: Spiritual communion with a divine being, a fellowship
lump sum: A relatively large single payment of money often paid and received instead of, or in addition to, a sequence of smaller payments.
quaffing: The act by which something is quaffed; a drinking.
butanone: A simple aliphatic ketone, CH₃CH₂COCH₃, prepared industrially as a solvent, for use in the manufacture of paints etc.
sulphone: Alternative spelling of sulfone
rotenone: A toxic crystalline substance obtained from the roots of derris and related plants, widely used as an insecticide.
litterer: One who litters.
lushness: The property of being lush.
sulfonyl: The bivalent radical or functional group -SO₂-
sulfonyl: Any univalent radical derived from a sulfonic acid
spiracle: A pore or opening used (especially by arthropods and some fish) for respiration.
spiracle: The blowhole of a whale, dolphin or other similar species.
spiracle: Any small aperture or vent for air or other fluid.
thanadar: The commander of a thana; a police chief.
lucidity: The property of being lucid; lucidness.
lucidity: The state of being aware that one is dreaming, i.e. being in a lucid dream.
labellum: The lower central petal of a flower (especially an orchid), usually developed to be showy and attract pollinators.
labellum: Part of the mouth of an insect, especially the sucking mouthparts of a fly.
derisive: A derisive remark.
headland: Coastal land that juts into the sea.
headland: The unplowed boundary of a field.
thurible: A censer, especially one hanging on a chain.
mocktail: A non-alcoholic cocktail.
cortisol: A glucocorticoid steroid hormone produced by the adrenal cortex that mediates various metabolic processes (such as gluconeogenesis), has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties, and whose levels in the blood may become elevated in response to physical or psychological stress. When used medicinally it is known as hydrocortisone.
tertulia: An evening party, a soirée, especially in Spain.
rape oil: Synonym of rapeseed oil
eye bank: A reserve store of human corneas kept for treatment of the blind.
tablinum: An anteroom in a house of ancient Rome, opening out of the atrium opposite the main entry and often containing the family statues and archives.
magneton: any of several units of magnetic moment of an atom, molecule or subatomic particle
kyujitai: Alternative form of kyūjitai
tovarich: Alternative form of tovarish
lady-bug: Alternative spelling of ladybug
lumberer: One who lumbers, who moves in a heavy and ungainly manner.
lumberer: One who is involved in the production of lumber.
tovarish: Comrade, especially with reference to the former USSR.
low-rise: A building of no more than a few stories.
lionfish: Any of the venomous fish of the Scorpaenidae family, notable for their long and separated spines
roadshow: A show that travels from place to place.
roadshow: The showing of a film in selected cinemas prior to its general release.
trichion: The point where the hairline meets the centre of the forehead.
landfall: Arrival at the shore by ship, or sighting of the shore from a ship.
landfall: The point at which a hurricane or similar storm reaches land.
landfall: The first land discovered after a sea voyage.
landfall: A landslip.
ligation: Something that ties, a ligature.
ligation: The act of tying, of applying a ligature.
ligation: The state of having a ligature, of being tied.
ligation: The act of tying off or sealing a blood vessel, fallopian tube, etc during surgery; act of ligating.
ligation: The formation of a complex by reaction with a ligand.
seahorse: Alternative spelling of sea horse
Friesian: A breed of black and white dairy cattle; any indiviual cow of that breed.
Friesian: A black breed of horse.
Semacode: A machine-readable two-dimensional barcode used primarily to code website addresses.
jalapeno: Alternative spelling of jalapeño
referrer: A person who refers another.
referrer: The URL from which a user agent was referred to another URL.
arsonist: One who has committed the act of arson, or illegally setting fire to property.
liniment: A topical medical preparation intended to be rubbed into the skin with friction, as for example to relieve symptoms of arthritis.
scholium: a note added to a text as an explanation, criticism or commentary
scholium: a note added to a proof as amplification
undinism: Sexual arousal from urine or urination.
scorcher: One who, or that which, scorches.
scorcher: A very hot day.
scorcher: A very good goal, notably made with a very hard shot.
scorcher: A caustic rebuke or criticism.
scorcher: A bad person.
scorcher: One who rides a bicycle furiously on a public highway.
area rug: a rug that only covers part of the floor of a room
kingside: The side of the chessboard nearest to the king (at the opening position).
anorexic: Somebody suffering from anorexia nervosa.
anorexic: A medicine which suppresses appetite.
seaplane: Any aircraft capable of taking off from, and alighting on the surface of water.
bookmark: A strip of material used to mark a place in a book.
bookmark: A record of the address of a file or Internet page, serving as a shortcut to it.
bookmark: A pointer found in a nonclustered index to a row in a clustered index or a table heap
coquetry: Coquettish behaviour; actions designed to excite erotic attention, without intending to reciprocate such feelings (chiefly of women towards men); flirtatious teasing.
coquetry: An act constituting such behaviour; an affectation of amorous interest or enticement, especially of a woman directed towards a man.
legality: Lawfulness.
legality: A dice game; the same as chuck-a-luck.
burn out: (of a person) The condition of tiredness due to overwork.
frigging: Female masturbation.
autistic: A person who has autism.
focusing: The action of the verb to focus.
Campbell: A British breed of domestic duck developed at Uley, in Gloucestershire, England, at the turn of the 20th century.
vavasour: a subvassal; someone holding their lands from a vassal of the crown rather than from the crown directly
waterway: A body of water, such as a river, channel or canal, that is navigable.
waterway: A conduit or watercourse, such as on the deck of a ship, to drain water.
aquatint: A form of etching with acid on a plate partially covered with varnish that produces a print somewhat resembling a watercolour.
aquatint: An etching or print made using this method.
airburst: The explosion of a bomb (or similar weapon) or large meteorite in the air rather than on the ground.
plumelet: A small plume.
plumiped: A plumiped bird.
plumbism: A diseased condition, produced by the absorption of lead, common among workers in this metal or in its compounds, as among painters, typesetters, etc. Symptoms include lead colic, lead line, and wrist drop.
plumming: The operation of finding, by means of a mine dial (compass), the place where to sink an air shaft, or to bring an adit to the work, or to find which way the lode inclines.
plumming: A plum-colored distortion of prints.
pollenin: A substance found in the pollen of certain plants.
venality: The fact or state of being for sale, especially with reference to bribes or corruption.
polliwig: Alternative form of polliwog
swatting: A motion or gesture that swats; a swat.
swatting: The action of making an illegitimate call to the police so as to have a SWAT team dispatched to a location.
pollywog: Alternative form of polliwog (“tadpole”)
pollywog: A sailor who has not yet crossed the equator.
pollywog: A person of Polynesian (usually Samoan) descent.
polyacid: Any polybasic acid
plantlet: A young or small plant used as a propagule.
landside: The flat bottom part of a plough.
landside: The freely-accessible area of an airport, outside of security, passport/immigration, and customs control.
melilite: any mineral consisting of a solid solution of gehlenite (Ca₂Al₂SiO₇) and akermanite (Ca₂MgSi₂O₇)
plumbago: A plant of the genus Plumbago; leadwort.
plumbago: Graphite.
latchkey: A key, especially to an outside door.
latchkey: A child who is given a key to the home and is expected to remain at home alone (without adult supervision until the parents return from work).
remotion: Backward motion.
remotion: Removal.
Polonese: A Pole.
Ausonian: An ancient inhabitant of middle or lower Italy
Ausonian: An Italian
veronica: The image of Jesus's face believed to have been made on the cloth with which St Veronica wiped his face as he went to be crucified; or the cloth used for this.
veronica: A circular swinging movement of the cape, used to avoid the bull.
veronica: A flower of the genus Veronica, usually having blue petals.
enceinte: An enclosure.
enceinte: The line of works forming the main enclosure of a fortress.
enceinte: The area or town enclosed by a line of fortification.
polluter: A subject that pollutes, be it a person, company, country, factory or another subject.
psalmist: A composer of psalms
psalmist: A composer of one of the Biblical Psalms
loyalist: A person who is loyal to a cause, generally used as a political affiliation.
red mist: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see red, mist.
red mist: Uncontrollable rage, anger sufficient to stop clear thinking.
lacework: A piece or example of lace.
publican: The landlord (manager or owner) of a public house (“a bar or tavern, often also selling food and sometimes lodging; a pub”).
publican: The manager or owner of a hotel.
publican: A tax collector, especially one working in Judea and Galilee during New Testament times (1st century C.E.) who was generally regarded as sinful for extorting more tax than was due, and as a traitor for serving the Roman Empire.
publican: Any person who collects customs duties, taxes, tolls, or other forms of public revenue.
publican: One regarded as extorting money from others by charging high prices.
publican: A person excommunicated from the church; an excommunicant or excommunicate; also, a person who does not follow a Christian religion; a heathen, a pagan.
subtitle: A heading below or after a title.
subtitle: Textual versions of the dialogue in films (and similar media such as television or video games), usually displayed at the bottom of the screen.
musketry: The technique of using small arms such as muskets.
musketry: A collection of muskets or musketeers.
musketry: Musket fire.
nest egg: A natural or artificial egg placed in a bird's nest, to encourage the bird to lay its own eggs there.
nest egg: A saving; a reserve of money.
nest egg: An egg squash.
lallygag: Horseplay, fooling around.
lallygag: A layabout, one who lallygags.
lambskin: The skin of a very young sheep, especially prepared with the fleece still attached. A very fine form of leather.
lambskin: A kind of woollen cloth resembling this.
presidio: A garrisoned place, especially one that is or was once under Spanish control.
longboat: The largest and thus the most capable of boats carried on a ship.
quibbler: Somebody who quibbles
lenitive: An analgesic or other source of relief from pain
lenitive: A laxative.
Quaalude: A dose of this drug, sometimes taken recreationally.
hack job: A task that was completed as quickly or cheaply as possible at the expense of quality and attention to detail.
volplane: A steep, controlled dive, especially by an aircraft with the engine off.
northing: The distance north of a standard reference latitude.
northing: A distance traveled northward.
homogamy: Fertilization of a flower by pollen from the same plant.
homogamy: Breeding between similar individuals.
homogamy: Marriage or other union between similar people, or people of the same sex.
bacchius: A metrical foot composed of a short syllable and two long ones; according to some, two long and a short.
legalism: Focusing on the text of written law to the exclusion of the intent of law, elevating strict adherence to law over justice, mercy, grace and common sense.
legalism: A belief that salvation is attained or maintained by adherence to the requirements of moral law; salvation by works rather than by faith alone.
legalism: A legal axiom, term or rule.
bushveld: A terrain of thick scrubby trees and bush in dense thickets, with grassy groundcover between.
babehood: Babyhood.
babehood: The quality of being a babe (attractive woman)
dodderer: Somebody who dodders.
redbrick: Clipping of red brick university.
bacchant: A priest of Bacchus.
bacchant: A bacchanal; a drunken reveler.
pace-egg: A hard boiled coloured egg traditionally made at Easter, often given to relatives and friends as a token of goodwill. It was traditional to jarp with the eggs before eating them.
pace egg: A hard-boiled coloured egg traditionally made at Easter, often given to relatives and friends as a token of goodwill. It was traditional to jarp with the eggs before eating them.
rulebook: A book containing a set of rules.
receptor: One who receives something or someone; in particular, one who harbors a fugitive.
receptor: A protein on a cell wall that binds with specific molecules so that they can be absorbed into the cell in order to control certain functions.
receptor: Any specialized cell or structure that responds to sensory stimuli.
scutella: A scutellum.
snowcone: A frozen dessert consisting of crushed ice and colored fruit flavoring, usually served in a cone or a cup.
octoroon: Someone having one-eighth black ancestry.
octoroon: Someone having 1/64th black ancestry: the child of a quintoon and a white man.
ceinture: A belt or girdle.
hostname: The unique name by which any device attached to a computer network is known.
hostname: A computer or other network device's Internet domain name; a fully qualified hostname.
hostname: The portion of a computer's Internet domain name that comes before the first period; an unqualified hostname.
zugzwang: A situation in which a player is forced to make a disadvantageous move.
zugzwang: A situation in which someone is forced to make a disadvantageous move
straddle: A posture in which one straddles something.
straddle: A pair or salvo of successive artillery shots falling both in front of and behind a target.
straddle: An investment strategy involving simultaneous trade with put and call options on the same security at the same strike price, giving a non-directional position sensitive to volatility.
straddle: A voluntary raise made prior to receiving cards by the first player after the blinds.
straddle: A vertical mine-timber supporting a set.
straddle: A part of a harness placed on the back of a beast of burden (such as a horse or donkey) to carry the weight of a load.
ngultrum: The official currency of Bhutan, equal to 100 chetrums.
peignoir: A long outer garment for women, usually sheer and made of chiffon and often sold with matching nightgown, negligee or underwear
peignoir: A cape worn to protect the clothes at the barbers / hairdressers
senility: Senescence; the bodily and mental deterioration associated with old age.
senility: The losing of memory and reason due to senescence.
senility: An elderly, senile person.
zamindar: An Indian landowner who collected local taxes and paid them to the British government.
polyfoil: Multifoil.
polygram: A figure consisting of many lines.
backfill: The material that has been used to refill an excavation.
backfill: Reserve support personnel.
backfill: That which backfills; a replacement.
backfill: Material in a story set earlier in the past, providing history or context for the current action.
borehole: A hole bored into the ground to collect samples for analysis or to extract oil or water.
polygeny: Polygenesis.
polygeny: The control of a single trait, or phenotype, by multiple genes.
polylogy: A set of two or more works of art that are connected, and that can be seen either as a single work or as individual works. They are commonly found in literature, film, or video games.
polylogy: Talkativeness.
loadstar: Alternative spelling of lodestar
stotinka: A unit of currency in Bulgaria, worth one hundredth of a lev.
mainsail: The largest (or only) sail on a sailing vessel.
exporter: One who, or that which, exports: especially a person who or organization that exports or sells goods made in one country for delivery in another country.
pyroacid: any acid obtained by heating another
amaretto: A sweet-bitter liqueur originating from Italy (but also produced in Turkey), flavored with almonds and a secret blend-specific mix of some 200 ingredients such as the pits from apricots, peaches, cherries or other stone fruits.
amaretto: A glass of that liqueur.
amaretto: A light Italian cookie made with almonds.
Arianism: A Christological doctrine, condemned as heretical by the Council of Nicaea, which holds that Jesus was created by God, rather than being God himself.
semuncia: A bronze coin minted during the Roman Republic, valued at one twenty-fourth of an as.
peso ley: The currency of Argentina between January 1, 1970 and May 5, 1983.
pyritoid: pyritohedron
pyrectic: Any substance that produces fever or a rise in body temperature.
pyrology: the scientific study of the effects of heat or flame, often in regards to explosives or chemical compounds.
lapboard: A board held on the lap as a simple lap desk.
hebdomad: A group of seven.
hebdomad: A period of seven days; a week.
hebdomad: A group of seven world-creating archons (supernatural beings) often regarded as somewhat hostile; also, a term of address for the Demiurge (“a being sometimes seen as the creator of evil”).
amperage: The electric current; charge transmitted per unit time, measured in amperes.
blowpipe: A narrow tube through which a jet of air is directed onto a flame; used in the analysis of minerals etc and in jewelry manufacture.
blowpipe: A weapon through which darts may be shot by blowing; a blowgun.
blowpipe: A long narrow pipe, rotated in the hands, upon which glassware is blown.
layering: A structure made up of layers.
layering: A method of plant propagation by rooting cuttings.
huckster: A peddler or hawker, who sells small items, either door-to-door, from a stall, or in the street.
huckster: Somebody who sells things in an aggressive or showy manner.
huckster: One who deceptively sells fraudulent products.
huckster: Somebody who writes advertisements for radio or television.
lodestar: A star used as a navigation reference, particularly a pole star such as Polaris.
lodestar: A guiding tenet or principle.
lodestar: A calculated amount to award as attorney's fees derived by multiplying the reasonable number of hours spent working on a case by the reasonable hourly billing rate.
buckaroo: A cowboy; specifically, a working cowboy who generally does not partake in rodeos.
buckaroo: One who sports a distinctive buckaroo style of cowboy clothing, boots, and heritage.
buckaroo: A style of cowboy boot with a high and uniquely tapered heel.
buckaroo: A reckless, headstrong person.
buckaroo: A dollar; a buck.
art room: A room in a school set aside for instruction in the visual arts.
eudaemon: A good or benevolent spirit.
tradeoff: An advantage or improvement that necessitates the corresponding loss or degradation of something else.
map room: A room in a library set aside for the storage and use of maps.
Scheisse: Alternative letter-case form of scheisse
censurer: One who censures.
boldface: A font that is dark, having a high ratio of ink to white space, written or drawn with thick strong lines.
Parthian: A native or inhabitant of Parthia.
Parthian: An extinct Western Iranian language that was spoken in Parthia.
monazite: any of a range of reddish-brown minerals that are mixed phosphates of the lighter rare earth elements lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium, neodymium, samarium, europium, gadolinium and yttrium
cruzeiro: The monetary unit of Brazil from 1942 to 1986 and 1990 to 1993.
pyronine: Any of a group of xanthene dyes used to stain RNA, especially in electrophoresis.
Bordeaux: A wine coming from that area.
Bordeaux: Short for Bordeaux mixture.
embarras: Embarrassment; confusion, uncertainty.
embarras: An embarrassment; an obstacle or hindrance.
embarras: Embarrassment; intense social awkwardness.
embarras: Specifically, a clump of driftwood obstructing a waterway.
skilling: A Scandinavian monetary unit and coin up to the 19th century. (A subdivision of the Swedish riksdaler, the Danish and Norwegian rigsdaler and speciedaler).
skilling: A bay of a barn.
skilling: A small addition to a cottage.
furfural: A heterocyclic aldehyde derivative of furan, obtained commercially from bran, with several industrial uses.
pyrostat: A thermostat designed to operate at high temperatures.
pyrostat: An automatic draught-regulator for chimney-stacks, smoke-pipes, etc.
defeater: One who defeats.
defeater: a belief which, if proved to be true, would imply outright or indirectly that another belief were false.
showroom: A room in a business set aside for the display of the company's products.
showroom: A room or apartment where a show is exhibited.
xanthene: Any of a group of tricyclic heterocycles (dibenzopyrans) that are the basis for a range of dyes such as fluorescein and eosin.
tantalus: A stork of the genus Mycteria (formerly Tantalus), especially the American wood stork, Mycteria americana.
tantalus: A stand in which to lock up drink decanters while keeping them visible.
tantalus: Something of an evasive or retreating nature, something consistently out of reach; a tantalising thing.
xenolith: Any piece of rock having a different origin to that of the igneous rock in which it is found.
bombilla: A straw, often made of metal, ending in a filter and used for drinking maté.
mackinaw: A heavy woolen cloth.
mackinaw: A blanket made of wool, formerly distributed to the Amerindians by the U.S. government.
mackinaw: A flat-bottomed cargo boat; mackinaw boat.
creosote: A pale yellow oily liquid, containing phenols and similar compounds, obtained by the destructive distillation of wood tar, once used medicinally.
creosote: A similar brown liquid obtained from coal tar used as a wood preservative.
creosote: The creosote bush.
bisector: A line or curve that bisects or divides a line segment, angle, or other figure into two equal parts.
omophagy: The eating of raw flesh.
decanter: A vessel for decanting liquor.
decanter: A receptacle for decanted liquor, especially a crystal bottle with a stopper.
Annamese: A native or inhabitant of Vietnam or Annam.
grinding: The action of grinding together or crushing into small particles.
grinding: A form of dance in which two people rub their bodies together.
grinding: Repeatedly performing the same quest or similar in-game activity in order to amass points or wealth.
kickball: A sport similar to baseball, where a ball similar to a soccer ball, is pitched at a kicker, and is kicked rather than hit.
kickball: The ball used in the above sport.
shifting: A shift or change; a shifting movement.
shifting: The phenomenon by which two or more constituents appearing on the same side of their common head exchange positions to obtain non-canonical order.
attagirl: A cry of "attagirl"; an accolade.
Annamite: Inhabitant or resident of Annam.
yahrzeit: The anniversary of a person's death, usually a parent's, often marked by the lighting of a memorial candle and other rituals.
Sten gun: A family of British 9 mm submachine guns used extensively by British and Commonwealth forces throughout World War II and numerous other conflicts.
cherries: A rail-gap indicator.
preparer: One who, or that which, prepares, fits, or makes ready.
stopcock: A valve, tap or faucet which regulates the flow of liquid or gas through a pipe.
stopcock: A main shutoff for water to a home from a municipal supply. Usually these valves exist in pairs, one outside the property boundary and one inside the property boundary.
meanness: The condition, or quality, of being mean (any of its definitions)
meanness: A mean act.
denarius: A small silver coin issued both during the Roman Republic and during the Roman Empire, equal to 10 asses or 4 sesterces.
clangour: A loud, repeating clanging sound; a loud racket; a din.
moveable: Alternative spelling of movable
klackers: A fad toy of the 1970s, consisting of two hard balls connected by a single string.
deferral: An act of deferring, a deferment.
deferral: An accrual.
deferral: A prepayment.
loo roll: toilet roll
poitrine: The breastplate of a knight's armour.
poitrine: Synonym of poitrel (“chest-armor for a horse”)
poitrine: Chest, bosom, especially of a woman.
bog roll: toilet paper.
bog roll: a roll of toilet paper.
quinella: A form of bet in which the bettor predicts the first two finishers in a race, without concern for the order of finishing.
zoonosis: An animal disease, such as rabies or anthrax, that can be transmitted to humans.
heckling: The act of one who heckles.
heckling: The preparation of flax for spinning using special combs called hackles.
farmyard: The area of a farm, excluding the fields, usually surrounded by or adjacent to farm buildings.
beeswing: A filmy, translucent crust found in port and other old wines which have been bottled-aged for a long time.
beeswing: Cream of tartar; potassium bitartrate; the residual salt of tartaric acid.
coverlet: A blanket used as a bed covering, usually quilted.
pashmina: A Cashmere; a goat native to Kashmir.
pashmina: Cashmere: the fine wool that grows under the hair of this goat.
pashmina: Cashmere: a soft fabric made from this wool.
enforcer: One who enforces.
enforcer: A hired strongman, especially working for the underworld.
enforcer: The member of a group, especially of a gang, charged with keeping dissident members obedient.
enforcer: A battering ram used by the emergency services for gaining access to locked premises.
enforcer: A player who physically intimidates or confronts the opposition.
humpback: A humped back (deformity in humans caused by abnormal curvature of the upper spine).
humpback: A hump or protuberance on the shoulders or back of an animal.
humpback: A humped back (deformity in humans caused by abnormal curvature of the upper spine).
humpback: A rounded topographical feature, such as a mountain or hill.
humpback: A humped back (deformity in humans caused by abnormal curvature of the upper spine).
humpback: A person with a humpback; a person who suffers from kyphosis.
humpback: A humpback whale.
humpback: A humpback salmon.
stunning: The act by which a person or animal is physically stunned.
henchman: A loyal and trusted follower or subordinate.
henchman: A person who supports a political figure chiefly out of selfish interests.
henchman: An assistant member of a criminal gang.
henchman: A page to a prince or other person of high rank.
tee line: The line that goes across the house intersecting with the middle of the button, splitting it into two halves.
out-turn: A shot in which the handle of the stone is rotated away from the body.
jamboree: A boisterous or lavish celebration or party.
jamboree: A frolic or spree.
jamboree: A large rally of Scouts or Guides.
jamboree: In euchre: an undefeatable hand containing the five highest cards.
humation: burial, internment, inhumation; by association, death
smarting: A sensation that smarts or stings.
bird dog: A dog, especially a pointer, used in shooting to retrieve the dead birds.
bird dog: A tout.
bird dog: A person who seeks out real estate investment opportunities in exchange for a fee.
bird dog: A radar detector (for detecting police speed traps).
bird dog: A hyperextension exercise performed lying on the knees, with one arm and the opposite leg lifted.
bird dog: A person who tries to steal someone else's romantic partner
commoner: A member of the common people who holds no title or rank.
commoner: Someone who is not of noble rank.
commoner: A student who is not dependent on any foundation for support, but pays all university charges; at Cambridge called a pensioner.
commoner: Someone who has a right over another's land. They hold common rights because of residence or land ownership in a particular manor, especially rights on common land. eg: centuries-old grazing rights
commoner: One sharing with another in anything.
commoner: A prostitute.
searcher: One who searches.
searcher: An officer in London appointed to examine the bodies of the dead, and report the cause of death.
searcher: An officer who apprehended idlers on the street during church hours in Scotland.
searcher: A customs officer responsible for searching ships, merchandise, luggage, etc.
searcher: An inspector of leather.
searcher: An instrument for examining the bore of a cannon, to detect cavities.
searcher: An implement for sampling butter.
searcher: A sieve or strainer.
searcher: An instrument for feeling after calculi in the bladder, etc.
fair use: A doctrine in intellectual property law that permits one party to make use of another party's protected intellectual property (such as a copyright or trademark) under narrowly defined circumstances.
hellfire: The fire of Hell.
hellfire: Fire produced by the Devil, or a similar supernatural creature connected to Hell.
hellfire: A fire that burns with unusual heat or ferocity.
hellfire: Ellipsis of AGM-114 Hellfire.
dyscrasy: A bodily disorder; an imbalance of the humours
dyscrasy: Disharmony
sigillum: A seal.
equuleus: An ancient torture device, possibly resembling a wooden horse, or possibly a rack.
lockstep: A step whereby the toe of one man is brought very close to the heel of the man in front.
lockstep: Close connection, unison, rigid synchronization.
lockstep: An inflexible, rigid or stifling pattern.
guttural: A harsh and throaty spoken sound
plumbane: lead hydride, PbH₄
nineties: The decade of the 1890s, 1990s, etc.
stannane: tin hydride, SnH₄
stannane: Any related organotin compound
caboodle: Any large collection of things or people.
danseuse: A female dancer
astatane: astatine hydride or hydrogen astatide, HAt.
chlorane: The hydride of chlorine, hydrogen chloride, HCl
sulphane: alternative name of sulfane
indigane: indium hydride, InH₃
thallane: thallium hydride, TlH₃
fluorane: Fluorine hydride or hydrogen fluoride, HF.
mylonite: Any rock that has undergone modifications due to dynamic recrystallization following plastic flow; a schist created by crushed or ground rock.
logotype: A symbol or emblem that acts as a trademark or a means of identification of an institution or other entity, usually referred to as a logo.
logotype: A single type combining two or more letters (as a ligature or otherwise).
flummery: A custard; any of several bland, gelatinous foodstuffs, usually made from stewed fruit and thickened with oatmeal, cornstarch or flour.
flummery: A custard; any of several bland, gelatinous foodstuffs, usually made from stewed fruit and thickened with oatmeal, cornstarch or flour.
flummery: A slightly tart, jelly-like food of Welsh origin, made from extensively boiling oats, then boiling down the liquid extracted from it.
flummery: Empty or meaningless talk, especially when used to flatter.
flummery: Pretentious trappings, useless ornaments used to impress.
flummery: Deceptive or blustering speech.
meat pie: A pie containing meat.
meat pie: A hand-sized pot pie containing largely minced meat and gravy and typically consumed as a takeaway food snack.
korfball: A non-contact unisex team sport originating from the Netherlands, similar to netball, where players attempt to throw a ball into a basket atop a pole.
korfball: The ball used in the sport of korfball.
logistic: A logistic function or graph of a logistic curve.
logistic: The art of calculation.
logistic: Sexagesimal arithmetic.
prepubis: A bone or cartilage, of some animals, situated in the middle line in front of the pubic bones.
presager: One who, or that which, presages; a foreteller; a foreboder.
piccanin: Alternative form of pickaninny
Limousin: One of a breed of cattle from this region.
cue ball: The white ball which, struck by the cue, collides with the other balls to achieve the object of the particular game.
cue ball: A bald person.
ladylove: A woman who is loved by someone; a female object of desire.
syncline: A concave-upward fold in rock strata
acyloxyl: Any univalent radical containing an acyl functional group bonded to an oxygen atom having a free valence on the oxygen atom; RC(=O)O-
sand fly: Alternative form of sandfly
contorno: contour; outline
alkoxide: Any organic compound derived from an alcohol by replacement of a hydrogen atom with a metal or other cationic species
aphetism: The aphetized form of a word, i.e. a word which has dropped its initial vowel or syllable, such as squire.
aphetism: Aphesis.
redshirt: An athlete who spends a year not participating in official athletic activities, but does not lose his or her eligibility to participate in following years.
redshirt: An unimportant character introduced only to be killed in order to underscore the peril to the important characters; an expendable character.
redshirt: A person responsible for loading and unloading weapons, artillery, and equipment from aircraft.
redshirt: Alternative form of Red Shirt (“member of the UDD”).
mieskeit: An ugly person.
dilution: The process of making something dilute.
dilution: A solution that has had additional solvent, such as water, added to it into order to make it less concentrated.
dilution: The process of bringing in unskilled workers to replace skilled ones, for example during wartime.
dilution: Short for share dilution.
dilution: Short for trademark dilution.
Araucana: A type of poultry notable for laying blue or green eggs.
fishhook: a barbed hook, usually metal, used for fishing
fishhook: a jack (the playing card)
sculptor: A person who sculpts; an artist who produces sculpture.
Shetland: A particular breed of pony.
Shetland: A pony of this breed.
Shetland: A particular breed of sheep.
Shetland: A sheep of this breed.
Shetland: Alternative letter-case form of shetland: light, loose wool fabric.
kalopsia: The delusion of things being more beautiful than they are.
chapitre: Obsolete form of chapter.
postcode: A sequence of letters and numbers added to a postal address to aid the sorting and delivery of post or mail.
postcode: The region denoted by a postcode.
ladyship: Term of respect for a woman of the peerage without using her title.
ladyship: Formal form of address for a lady judge (as opposed to the informal "judge").
sinfonia: A symphony.
sinfonia: A piece or music serving as an overture, interlude or ritornello.
sinfonia: A small symphony orchestra.
urushiol: An oil found in plants of the family Anacardiaceae, causing an allergic skin rash on contact; consists of a variable mixture of several related organic compounds.
aldazine: An azine derived from an aldehyde; general formula RCH=NN=CHR
ketimine: An imine derived from a ketone; general formula R₂C=NR
ketazine: An azine derived from an ketone; general formula R₂C=NN=CR₂
aldimine: An imine derived from an aldehyde; general formula RCH=NR
snatcher: One who snatches, or steals by snatching.
ketoxime: Any oxime derived from an ketone; general formula R₂C=NOH
aldoxime: Any oxime derived from an aldehyde; general formula RCH=NOH
alkanium: any carbocation obtained by hydrogenation of an alkane
ethanium: the carbocation, C₂H₇⁺, derived by the protonation of ethane
cumulene: Any hydrocarbon (or derivative) having three or more cumulative double bonds; e.g., R₂C=C=C=CR₂.
alkylene: An alkene.
alkylene: An alkanediyl functional group, especially one having the free valencies of adjacent carbon atoms.
call out: Alternative form of callout
Nichrome: An alloy of nickel and chromium, typically 80% nickel and 20% chromium, used to make heating elements.
Garifuna: An individual member of the Garinagu people.
screamer: One who screams; one who shouts; one who sings harshly.
screamer: Any bird in the taxonomic family Anhimidae, endemic to South America, being large, bulky birds with a small downy head, long legs and large feet.
screamer: A healthy, vigorous animal.
screamer: A healthy, vigorous person.
screamer: Something exceptionally good.
screamer: A difficult catch.
screamer: A very hard hit.
screamer: A particularly high mark (clean catch of a kicked ball).
screamer: A powerful shot.
screamer: A very large wave.
screamer: A march played at a circus to enliven the crowd.
screamer: A video that unexpectedly frightens the viewer by cutting to a loud scream and disturbing image.
screamer: An effeminate gay man; a man who is obviously homosexual.
screamer: A bouncer.
screamer: An exclamation mark.
screamer: A large, attention-getting headline.
aptronym: A name that is aptly suited to its owner.
imidogen: A nitrene.
fadeaway: An instance of fading away, of diminishing in proximity or intensity.
fadeaway: A jump shot made while jumping backwards, away from the basket. The goal is to create space between the shooter and the defender, making it much harder to block.
fadeaway: The ending of a personal relationship by stopping any contact with the other party and not providing an explanation.
diarsine: any organic derivative of diarsane
annulene: Any monocyclic hydrocarbon, of general formula CₙHₙ (where n is even), or CₙHₙ₊₁ (where n is odd).
diarsane: The arsenic hydride As₂H₄, having a chain of two arsenic atoms
bait dog: A dog that is used to test another dog's fighting instinct. The "bait" is mauled or killed in the process.
bannimus: A form of expulsion of any individual from the University of Oxford, by putting the proctorial edict up in some public place, as a denunciation or promulgation of it. It also served to prevent the individual from claiming the cause of expulsion.
livelong: Orpine (Sedum telephium)
rerailer: any of several devices used to assist in putting a derailed locomotive back on the rails
Lalaland: Alternative spelling of La-La Land
squiggly: A wavy underline used to indicate an error in text or source code.
hood rat: A person from an urban neighbourhood who overtly exhibits attributes associated with inner city life, especially in both behaviour and appearance.
veraison: A stage in the ripening process of grapes or olives. It is the relatively short period during which the firm, green berries begin to soften and change colour.
subgroup: A group within a larger group; a group whose members are some, but not all, of the members of a larger group.
subgroup: A subset H of a group G that is itself a group and has the same binary operation as G.
nosedive: A headfirst fall or jump.
nosedive: A drop in altitude with the nose of the craft angled downwards.
nosedive: A rapid fall, e.g. in price or value.
cretonne: A strong, heavy fabric of cotton, linen or rayon, used to make curtains and upholstery.
urinator: A person who urinates.
urinator: A diver, especially someone who searches for things underwater.
Canarian: An inhabitant of the Canary Islands.
berdache: Among Native Americans, a person who identifies with any of a variety of gender identities which are not exclusively those of their biological sex; a transgender person.
snobbery: The property or trait of being a snob.
holstein: Alternative letter-case form of Holstein (“breed of cattle”).
witblits: Home-distilled brandy or raw spirit, colourless and with a powerful kick.
arsorane: the arsenic hydride AsH₅, λ⁵-arsane
arsorane: arsenic pentafluoride, AsF₅
arsorane: any hydrocarbyl derivative of this compound
box room: a small bedroom in a house, often used for storage.
crespine: A headdress worn by both men and women, usually made of wire or knitted mesh worn on either side of the head, used to contain the long hair.
dopester: An individual who is from a street gang and sells drugs.
new chum: A newly arrived convict.
new chum: A beginner; a novice.
new chum: A newly arrived and inexperienced immigrant; a newcomer.
cuticula: A tough protective covering outside the epidermis of many invertebrates and plants; cuticle.
arsonium: The univalent AsH₄⁺ cation, derived from arsine.
iodonium: The univalent H₂I⁺ cation, derived from iodane
iodonium: Any organic derivative of this cation
jousting: A medieval European sport in which mounted knights charged at each other bearing lances.
jousting: Any activity in which two people spar with each other verbally.
borylene: a boranylidene
helicene: Any polycyclic aromatic or heteroaromatic compound, consisting of at least five ortho-fused rings arranged to give a helically-shaped chiral molecule.
cutpurse: A thief who steals from others' purses or pockets in public.
jostling: An act of jostling; a push or shove.
troponym: A verb that indicates more precisely the manner of doing something by replacing a verb of a more generalized meaning.
varactor: A solid-state diode whose capacitance varies with the applied voltage.
sanglier: A full-grown wild boar.
flat out: A total failure.
flat out: A baked portion of flatbread; a baked item that is not meant to rise.
flat out: A wrap, an item of food consisting of various ingredients wrapped in a tortilla or pancake.
flat out: A section of piste that is relatively flat, causing or allowing skiers to slow down.
flat out: A uncambered corner of racetrack; a racetrack whose corners are uncambered.
abducent: That which abducts.
abducent: An abducens nerve.
casebook: A collection of stories or accounts that can individually be described as cases.
casebook: A kind of book, used predominantly in United States law schools, containing the text of court opinions in legal cases accompanied by analysis and related materials.
dividing: An act of division.
nescient: An ignorant person.
nescient: One who holds that only material phenomena can be known and knowledge of spiritual matters (the unmeasurable) or ultimate causes is impossible.
catenane: Any compound, especially a hydrocarbon, having two or more rings interconnected like the links of a chain, without a covalent bond.
cyclitol: Any hydroxylated cycloalkane having at least three hydroxy groups attached to different carbon atoms.
cryptate: a cryptand
chalcone: The compound 1,3-diphenylpropenone (PhCH=CHCOPh).
chalcone: Any derivative of this compound.
carbinol: The compound methanol.
carbinol: Any substituted methanol.
clowning: Clownish behaviour.
coumarin: the bicyclic aromatic compound 1,2-benzopyrone or any of its derivatives
assister: One who assists; an assistant or helper.
assister: Someone who provides an assist to a goal
diazoate: any salt of a diazohydroxide RN=NO⁻ M⁺
whoredom: The state of being a whore, prostitution; sexual indulgence, fornication.
pandanus: Any of various palm-like plants in the genus Pandanus.
aiguille: A needle-shaped peak.
aiguille: An instrument for boring holes, used in blasting.
dipyrrin: Any compound containing two pyrrole rings fused via a methine (-C=) group.
diketone: any compound having two neighbouring ketonic carbonyl groups
dolichol: any polyterpenoid having a single hydroxyl group on the terminal carbon atom, and the terminal isoprene residue being saturated; a dihydropolyprenol
hexenose: any hexose that is an enose
blue flu: industrial action taken by members of the police, claiming sickness en masse.
joy ride: Alternative spelling of joyride
granting: The act by which something is granted.
evaluand: The subject of an evaluation, typically a program or system rather than a person
eupepsia: Good digestion.
formazan: the organic nitrogen compound H₂NN=CHN=NH or any of its derivatives
escalope: A thin slice of meat, especially veal or poultry.
escalope: A charge (depiction) of the scallop.
ohmmeter: A portable device for measuring relatively small values of electrical resistance.
sunglint: An optical phenomenon that occurs when sunlight reflects off the surface of water (an ocean, lake or river) directly towards a satellite sensor viewing the surface, so that in the sunglint area of a satellite image, smooth water appears as a silvery mirror, while rougher surface water is relatively dark.
furanose: any cyclic hemiacetal form of a monosaccharide having a five-membered ring (the tetrahydrofuran skeleton)
femerell: The lantern, louvre, or covering placed in the ridge of a hall roof for the purpose of ventilation or letting out the smoke of the fire kindled on a central hearth.
fibranne: A rayon fabric having some qualities of linen.
tar sand: oil sand.
unusable: Something that is not fit for use.
grillage: A foundation of crisscrossing timber or steel beams, usually for spreading heavy loads over large areas.
coryphee: Alternative form of coryphée
mistigri: A card game, resembling poker, in which the joker is used.
bean bag: Alternative form of beanbag
back row: The last row of seats in a theater or any group of seats.
back row: A row near the back of the theater or group of seats.
back row: The row of players in a scrum, consisting of two flankers and a number eight.
tradable: An asset which can be traded.
glycitol: any alditol
hetarene: any heteroarene
hetaryne: Any heteroaryne.
vinylene: The divalent radical, -CH=CH-, formally derived by removing a hydrogen atom from each carbon of an ethylene molecule.
barouche: A four-wheeled horse-drawn carriage with collapsible half-hood, two double seats facing each other, and an outside seat for the driver.
garrotte: A cord, wire or similar used for strangulation.
garrotte: An iron collar formerly used in Spain to execute people by strangulation.
Pandeism: Alternative spelling of pandeism
haloform: any trihalomethane with all halogens same, CHX₃
flotilla: A small fleet of warships (usually of the same class), or a fleet of small ships.
flotilla: A small group of things or people
eclogite: A coarse-grained metamorphic rock, a mixture of pyroxene, quartz, and feldspar with inclusions of red garnet.
hyletics: The study of matter or raw impressions of an intentional act; the abstraction from the form.
Homerism: A word or phrase characteristic of the writings of Homer.
Homerism: The miming of scenes from one of Homer's epics. It was common in Greek- and Roman-era pagan festivals.
sun room: A room with many glass windows or walls.
diopside: A monoclinic pyroxene mineral, a magnesium calcium silicate with the chemical formula CaMgSi₂O₆, found in igneous and metamorphic rocks.
ant-hill: A mound-shaped nest built or inhabited by ants or termites.
backrest: The back piece of a chair, used to support the sitter's back.
backrest: A guide attached to the slide rest of a lathe, and placed in contact with the work to steady it in turning.
guar gum: A heteropolysaccharide gum, extracted from the guar bean, that is used as a food additive.
oil sand: A relatively loose sandstone, or porous carbonate rock, impregnated with bitumen.
autogyro: Alternative spelling of autogiro
nameless: Vulva.
birthing: The act of giving birth.
birthing: Alternative spelling of berthing
sea silk: An extremely fine, rare and valuable fabric produced from the long silky filaments or byssus excreted by several molluscs (particularly Pinna nobilis, rough penshell) by which they attach themselves to the sea bed.
overwork: a superstructure
overwork: excessive work
oncogene: Any gene that contributes to the conversion of a normal cell into a cancerous cell when mutated or expressed at high levels.
mannitol: A polyhydroxy alcohol, an isomer of sorbitol, used as an artificial sweetener.
boottree: A device, shaped like a divided leg with a wedge, used to stretch the leg of a boot.
lit crit: Initialism of literary criticism.
hot line: Alternative spelling of hotline
graphene: Any polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon having the structure of part of a layer of graphite.
graphene: An arbitrarily large-scale, one-atom-thick layer of graphite, an allotrope of carbon, that has remarkable electric characteristics.
reformer: One who reforms, or who works for reform.
reformer: One who was involved in the Reformation.
reformer: A device which converts hydrocarbons into a hydrogen-rich mixture of gases.
reformer: A device used to convert petroleum refinery naphthas, typically having low octane ratings, into high-octane liquid products called reformates.
spraying: The act by which something is sprayed.
goodwill: A favorably disposed attitude toward someone or something.
goodwill: The value of a business entity not directly attributable to its tangible assets and liabilities. This value derives from factors such as consumer loyalty to the brand.
goodwill: A concept used to refer to the ability of an individual or business to exert influence within a community, club, market or another type of group, without having to resort to the use of an asset (such as money or property), either directly or by the creation of a lien.
goodwill: A thrift shop.
cotillon: Alternative form of cotillion
thiolate: any derivative of a thiol in which a metal atom replaces the hydrogen attached to sulfur RSH => RS⁻M⁺
nice guy: An inoffensive adult male who desires romantic companionship but who is too bland and uninspiring to be attractive.
nice guy: A man who pretends to be kind and polite with the goal of attracting women, often becoming hostile and misogynistic when their advances are rebuffed; someone affected by nice guy syndrome.
nice guy: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see nice, guy.
pinniped: Any of various large marine mammals belonging to the superfamily (formerly considered a suborder) Pinnipedia comprising walruses, eared seals and earless seals.
resister: Alternative form of resistor (Sense 1 only)
flatness: The state of being flat
flatness: The state of being two-dimensional; planar : planarity
flatness: The state of being bland : dullness
flatness: Mattness, the quality of a painted surface which scatters or absorbs the light falling on it, so as to be substantially free from gloss or sheen
flatness: Lack of bouquet and freshness of a wine, through too much aeration or infection with film yeasts
flatness: slim-tailedness or platykurticity
paddlane: Any tricyclic saturated hydrocarbon having two bridgehead carbon atoms joined by four bridges.
triazole: Either of two isomeric heterocyclic compounds having a five-membered ring with three nitrogen atoms and two double bonds in the ring; any organic derivative of these compounds.
bandanna: Alternative spelling of bandana
coryphée: Synonym of coryphaeus
coryphée: The conductor or leader of the chorus of a drama.
coryphée: Synonym of coryphaeus
coryphée: The chief or leader of an interest or party.
coryphée: A ballet dancer ranking above a member of the corps de ballet and below a soloist.
managing: management
coldspot: Alternative form of cold spot
prismane: a polycyclic hydrocarbon, C₆H₆, having the shape of a regular triangular prism; any derivative of this compound
geekster: Someone who is extremely studious or has esoteric knowledge, especially in technological subjects.
geekster: An unfashionable or socially undesirable person.
geekster: Someone who intentionally looks geeky as a fashion statement.
loyalism: The property of being a loyalist.
radiclib: A radical liberal.
junkware: Any malicious or unwanted software.
jazz mag: A pornographic magazine.
autogiro: An aircraft in which lift is provided by unpowered rotating wings and thrust is provided by a conventional propeller.
ropewalk: A place where rope is made, a rope factory.
ropewalk: A long straight narrow lane, or a covered pathway, where long strands of material were laid before being twisted into rope.
ropewalk: Any narrow walkway that has rope handrails.
lesbigay: A lesbian, bisexual, or gay person.
gurgling: A gurgling sound.
tetrarch: A governor or ruler of a quarter of a country, especially of a fourth part of a province in or client state of Ancient Rome.
tetrarch: Each of the four members of a jointly ruling tetrarchy, notably of the Roman Empire since Diocletian.
tetrarch: An officer in charge of a fourth part of a phalanx in Ancient Greece.
trumpets: A plant (Sarracenia flava) with long, hollow leaves.
sell-out: Alternative spelling of sellout
rustling: The rounding up and theft of animals, cattle in particular.
rustling: A series of rustles.
eicosane: any of the 366,319 isomers of the aliphatic hydrocarbon having the chemical formula C₂₀H₄₂, but especially n-eicosane CH₃(CH₂)₁₈CH₃
artistry: Significant artistic skill.
brunoise: A very fine dice. A method of cutting vegetables, usually to the dimensions of 2 mm or less, by julienning and then cutting many times at a 90-degree angle to the julienne.
brunoise: A mixture of leeks, celery, carrots and sometimes turnips chopped in this way.
drifting: The act by which something drifts.
drifting: That which drifts.
drifting: A driving technique where the driver intentionally oversteers, causing loss of traction in the rear wheels, while maintaining control from entry to exit of a corner.
anointed: A person who has been anointed, especially for religious reasons.
longhair: A person with hair longer than the norm, especially someone viewed as bohemian, non-conventional or a hippie.
longhair: A person with a deep interest in the classical arts, especially music.
longhair: A person considered to have excessively refined taste for the arts.
longhair: A cat with hair longer than the norm.
workmate: Somebody with whom one works; a coworker.
vicarism: The production of different species due to isolation.
hectagon: A polygon with 100 edges, vertices, and angles.
hectagon: Misspelling of hexagon.
hectagon: Misspelling of heptagon.
sorbitan: a dehydration product of sorbitol having a tetrahydrofuran ring and four hydroxy groups; it is used in the manufacture of emulsifiers
Rumanian: Alternative spelling of Romanian
inradius: the radius of the largest circle that will fit inside any given geometric shape, especially inside a regular polygon
inradius: the radius of the largest sphere that will fit inside any given polyhedron
polyline: A continuous line composed of one or more line segments.
hectogon: a polygon having a hundred sides
hectogon: an individual processor in some parallel processing systems
stearate: Any salt or ester of stearic acid.
glassine: A light paper used as interleaving between artworks or stamp album pages.
glassine: Smooth, non-absorbing, grease- and moisture-resistant, super-calendered paper.
glassine: A small stamp packet made from glassine paper.
pyranose: any cyclic hemiacetal form of a monosaccharide having a six-membered ring (based on tetrahydropyran)
frittata: A crustless quiche: a molded omelette in which vegetables, cheese, etc., are mixed into the eggs and cooked together.
myriagon: A polygon with 10,000 sides.
rotaxane: A complex of two molecules, one ring-shaped and the other dumbbell-shaped, with the dumbbell threaded through the ring and having end groups too large to pass through the ring.
cry baby: Alternative spelling of crybaby
pandybat: A stout leather strap reinforced internally with whalebone or even lead and used to inflict punishment, especially by striking the palms of schoolboys.
selenone: any compound of general formula R₂Se(=O)₂
pau hana: The time after work. It is considered a time for relaxation, informal socializing with friends and family, and enjoyment.
look-see: A brief examination, a peek or glance.
look-see: A person who serves as lookout or scout.
look-see: An audition attended by an actor or model so that they can be visually appraised.
icosagon: A polygon with twenty sides and twenty angles.
scutwork: Tasks that are tedious and monotonous or trivial and menial, usually inherent in the operations of a larger project.
gridiron: An instrument of torture on which people were secured before being burned by fire.
gridiron: An iron rack or grate used for broiling meat and fish over coals.
gridiron: Any object resembling the rack or grate.
gridiron: An openwork frame on which vessels are placed for examination, cleaning, and repairs.
gridiron: A raised framework from which lighting is suspended.
gridiron: The field on which American football is played.
gridiron: American and Canadian football, particularly when used to distinguish from other codes of football.
flagtail: A perciform fish, of genus Kuhlia, distinctive due to their scaly sheaths around the dorsal and anal fins.
silazane: any hydride of silicon and nitrogen having a chain of alternating silicon and nitrogen atoms; any hydrocarbyl derivative of such compounds
moon bag: A small pouch attached to a belt that is worn on the outside of clothing around the waist and used for holding small personal items.
seawater: The saltwater of a sea or ocean.
omnicide: The total extinction of the human species as a result of human action. Most commonly it refers to human extinction through nuclear warfare, but it can also refer to such extinction through other means such as global anthropogenic ecological catastrophe.
highness: The state of being high.
highness: A title of respect when referring to a prince or princess.
fairness: The property of being fair or equitable.
fairness: The property of being fair or beautiful.
deep-fry: A heated cooking pan or appliance used to deep-fry foods.
roadside: The area on either side of a road.
lyricism: Great enthusiasm.
lyricism: The emotional style of lyric poetry.
lyricism: Suitability to be sung or used as lyrics.
flipside: The reverse, in contrast to the obverse.
flipside: The B-side of a phonograph record.
flipside: A necessary consequence or corollary of something that acts as a negation or counterbalance; especially one seen as opposite, or as pro versus con.
flipside: The occasion when we meet again (e.g. when I return from work, etc.; said on parting); later or tomorrow.
idealism: The property of a person of having high ideals that are usually unrealizable or at odds with practical life.
idealism: The practice or habit of giving or attributing ideal form or character to things; treatment of things in art or literature according to ideal standards or patterns;—opposed to realism.
idealism: An approach to philosophical enquiry, which asserts that direct and immediate knowledge can only be had of ideas or mental pictures.
coworker: Somebody with whom one works.
sulfenyl: The univalent radical, R-S-, derived from sulfane.
ceramide: Any of various lipids formed by linking a fatty acid to sphingosine and found widely but in small amounts in plant and animal tissue
sulphine: Alternative spelling of sulfine
plumbate: Any compound containing the plumbate ion PbO₃²⁻ or Pb(OH)₆²⁻.
sulphene: Alternative spelling of sulfene
memocide: An attempt to eradicate one or more ideas; for example eradication by book burning and censorship.
Antabuse: Disulfiram, prescribed to recovering alcoholics.
Highness: The style of a prince, princess or someone of equivalent rank.
Highness: The style of an emperor or king.
mousambi: A sweet lime (citrus), Citrus limetta.
noblesse: The quality of being noble; nobleness.
noblesse: The nobility; peerage.
nutrider: An individual whose force of argument derives from the notoriety or skill of some group or person they are associated with.
nutrider: A person with any particularly vociferous or enthusiastic stance.
nutrider: An online fan and defender of the reputation of a person, group, brand, or product.
silylene: The silicon analogue of a carbene R₂Si:
silylene: The silicon analogue of a carbene R₂Si
silylene: The silicon analogue of methylene SiH₂
proteome: The complete set of proteins encoded by a particular genome.
saeculum: A length of time roughly equal to the potential lifetime of a human being or, equivalently, the complete renewal of a human population.
leg rope: A cord tied to the surfboard (usually near the tail) and attached to the surfer's leg.
stannate: Any salt of stannic acid.
speedrun: A playthrough of a computer or video game in which the whole game or a select part of it, such as a single level, is played with the intent of completing it as quickly as possible, optionally with certain prerequisites.
migrator: Any creature that migrates.
migrator: A computer program that helps move objects between locations, e.g. from a legacy system to a new technology.
raincoat: A waterproof coat to be worn in the rain.
raincoat: A condom.
lutecium: Obsolete form of lutetium.
slippage: The act of slipping, especially from a secure location.
slippage: The amount by which something has slipped.
slippage: A lessening of performance or achievement.
slippage: A decrease in motion, or in the power of a mechanical system due to slipping.
slippage: The difference between estimated and actual transaction costs.
slippage: Movement of earth on a slope, a landslip.
cabotage: The transport of goods or passengers between two points in the same country.
cabotage: The right to engage in such transport.
cabotage: The exclusive right of a country to control such transport.
tripping: The act of one who trips.
waypoint: Any mapped reference point on a route that can be easily identified.
supplier: One who supplies; a provider.
supplier: Someone who assists (sets up) a goal.
frumenty: A porridge made by boiling hulled wheat, typically with additional ingredients such as milk, egg yolks, and/or almond milk, traditionally served with venison or porpoise.
yeanling: The newly born offspring of a goat or sheep.
krumping: A free, expressive and energetic style of hip-hop dancing.
hemostat: An instrument that clamps blood vessels to diminish or halt blood flow.
triazane: The nitrogen compound NH₂NHNH₂, or any of its hydrocarbyl derivatives.
triazene: The nitrogen compound NH₂N=NH, or any of its hydrocarbyl derivatives.
uttering: An utterance; something spoken.
uttering: The crime of knowingly presenting forged documentation.
xylylene: Quinomethane.
pyknosis: Shrinkage and condensing, such as that of a dying cell or the appearance of a cell's nucleus.
mindtool: A tool, such as a computer, that can be used to extend cognitive function.
laburnum: Any tree of genus Laburnum. They have bright yellow flowers and are poisonous.
excavate: Any member of a major grouping of unicellular eukaryotes, of the clade Excavata.
cleavers: Galium aparine, a herbaceous annual bedstraw of the family Rubiaceae.
smackers: The lips.
smackers: Money.
shavings: A fringe tree (Cionanthus virginicus)
cleaners: A professional laundry or dry cleaner (business). (This form is now interpreted as plural and usually spelled without an apostrophe, even in official usage, to justify the removal of the apostrophe. It was traditionally spelled cleaner's with an apostrophe because this is grammatically correct, as can be seen with forms such as go to the doctor's, which cannot be reinterpreted as plural.)
rattling: rattle (a sound made by loose objects shaking or vibrating against one another)
rattling: Alternative form of ratline
lashings: Lots; a great amount (usually followed by of).
elkhound: Norwegian Elkhound, a breed of dog from Norway for hunting elk (US: moose).
elkhound: Any Scandinavian breed of dog bred to hunt elk (US: moose).
nymphaea: Originally, the European white water lily; later also, a species of the genus Nymphaea.
bocaccio: A venomous marine fish, taxonomic name Sebastes paucispinis, in the subfamily Sebastinae found in the subtropical Eastern Pacific.
verified: A user of the Twitter microblogging service whose identity has been confirmed by Twitter.
mahimahi: Alternative spelling of mahi-mahi
ordering: Arrangement in a sequence.
ordering: The placement of an order for goods or services.
ordering: The act or ceremony of ordaining, as priests or deacons.
lumpfish: lumpsucker
gunstock: The handle of a handgun.
gunstock: The rear part of a musket, rifle or shotgun which is pressed into the shoulder.
stooping: The act of one who stoops.
lithiate: lithate
ataraxis: The absence of stress or anxiety; serenity.
spitball: A pitch of a baseball that has been partly covered with saliva, illegal at most levels.
spitball: A balled-up piece of paper, moistened with saliva (by chewing) and shot through a drinking straw.
futurity: The future.
futurity: The state of being in the future.
futurity: A future event.
blanking: An instance of something being blanked out.
blanking: A metalworking process to form the rough shape of a sheet-metal workpiece.
blanking: The reduction of the brightness of the scanning beam to zero when it needs to be moved without updating the picture.
sixpence: The value of six old pence; half of a shilling; or one-fortieth of a pound sterling.
sixpence: A former British coin worth sixpence, first minted in 1551.
flooding: An act of flooding; a flood or gush.
flooding: Emotional overwhelm sometimes leading to a primal state of rage or panic.
flooding: A form of therapy that treats a phobia by suddenly exposing the patient to the object of the phobia, instead of approaching it gradually.
wearable: Something that can be worn; an item of clothing.
wearable: Ellipsis of wearable computer (“small computer which can be worn on the body”).
dog year: A period of time in the life of dogs, defined such that the average life expectancy of a dog in "dog years" is numerically equivalent to the average life expectancy of a human. A 4- and a 5-year-old dog are about as mature as a human of 28 to 30 years and 33 to 35 years, respectively. The most common calcuation uses a ratio of seven dog years to one human year.
dog year: A unit of age relative to the species being considered, defined such that an animal's age in "dog years" is the equivalent age of a dog in calendar years.
speeding: (Instance of) acceleration.
speeding: Driving faster than the legal speed limit.
toolshed: An outdoor shed for storing tools and other equipment.
cinquain: A five-line poetic form which consists of 2, 4, 6, 8 then 2 syllables.
cinquain: A five-line poetic form set as a writing exercise for children, consisting of one noun, two adjectives, three actions, four feeling words, and the initial noun again.
beryllia: beryllium oxide
carbinyl: carbenium ion
bananery: A banana plantation.
case law: Law developed by judges through court decisions and opinions, as distinct from statute and other legislation.
nitrator: a reaction vessel in which nitration takes place
nitrator: a device for spreading nitrate fertilizer on the soil
grueling: Alternative spelling of gruelling.
azoturia: An increase in the amount of nitrogenous material (such as urea) in the urine
azoturia: A condition that affects the muscles of horses, ranging from stiffness and mild cramps to the horse becoming unable to stand, with discoloured urine
hardback: A book with a solid binding.
Broadway: The highest straight in poker, ace-king-queen-jack-ten.
schmatte: Alternative spelling of shmatte
quitting: The deliberate ending of something.
quitting: The ceasing of a habit, especially smoking cigarettes or other addictive behaviors.
quitting: The termination of employment, initiated by the employee.
telecine: The process of transferring motion picture film into electronic form.
telecine: A machine used to carry out this process.
shieling: An area of summer pasture used for cattle, sheep etc.
shieling: A shepherd's hut or shack.
apostles: Letters dismissory.
bonefish: Any of various game fish, of the family Albulidae, found in shallow, tropical waters.
bonefish: Any of various game fish, of the family Albulidae, found in shallow, tropical waters.
bonefish: Albula vulpes, the type of the genus and family.
bonefish: A surgeonfish of the family Acanthuridae, especially genus Acanthurus.
bonefish: A doctorfish, common dogfish, Squalus acanthias.
end user: The final consumer of a product; the intended recipient or user.
singsong: A piece of verse with a simple, song-like rhythm.
singsong: An informal gathering at which songs are sung; a singing session.
singsong: Bad singing or poetry.
singsong: A drawling or monotonous tone, as of a badly executed song.
towering: The act or condition of being high above others.
maravedi: A former Spanish coin and unit of currency, originally issued in gold but later in silver and copper, discontinued in 1848.
maravedi: A very small quantity or value; the least possible amount.
flicflac: A brushing movement of the foot used in ballet as a connecting step.
phosgene: carbonyl chloride
chapelry: The district attached to a chapel; a division of a large parish which has its own district chapel.
lifeform: Any specific living organism.
aularian: A member of a hall rather than a college.
suboxide: any oxide containing a small proportion of oxygen
carburet: A carbide.
syntagma: A constituent segment within a text, such as a word or a phrase that forms a syntactic unit.
syntagma: An arrangement of units that together bears a meaning.
syntagma: A Macedonian phalanx fighting formation consisting of 256 men with long spears (sarissae).
syntagma: An organized structural, functional unit of anatomical or chemical subunits: equivalent to "tagma", or a structure comprising several tagmata in various contexts.
oximeter: A device that measures the quantity of oxygen in something, particularly air in the atmosphere.
oximeter: A device that measures the oxygen saturation of arterial blood.
platanna: Any of several clawed frogs of the genus Xenopus which spend most of their time in water and rarely emerge onto land, especially the common platanna, Xenopus laevis.
time off: A period of time where one is not required to work.
subgraph: A graph or network that makes up part of a larger graph or network.
ethoxide: the anion CH₃CH₂O⁻ derived from ethanol by the loss of a proton
ethoxide: any salt of this anion
footling: A fetus oriented so that, at birth, its foot will emerge first. A type of breech birth.
yarraman: horse
gunsmith: a person skilled in the repair and servicing of firearms.
petalite: A rare pegmatitic mineral, a lithium aluminosilicate, with the chemical formula LiAlSi₄O₁₀; used in the manufacture of crystallized glass ceramics.
omadhaun: A fool, someone who is out of their senses, simpleton.
cinching: A fastening.
site map: A webpage that lists the contents and shows the structure of a website, to aid in navigation.
one-time: The police.
wingding: A fit or spasm.
wingding: A party.
wingding: A dingbat (ornamental typographical symbol), especially one from the Wingdings font.
potation: The act of drinking.
potation: A drink, especially an alcoholic beverage.
dioxygen: the normal allotrope of oxygen having two atoms per molecule; O₂
dioxygen: two atoms of oxygen in a molecule
phyllite: A type of metamorphic rock formed from clay-rich sediments called pelites.
babytalk: Alternative form of baby talk
everyman: In fiction, drama, or allegory, the archetypical ordinary individual, frequently the protagonist in a parable of some sort.
keep fit: exercises designed to promote physical fitness if performed regularly.
keep fit: Organised group aerobics class
barytone: A word that is not accented on the ultimate syllable.
barytone: A word that is accented on the penultimate syllable.
barytone: Archaic form of baritone.
pine oil: a mixture of monoterpene alcohols obtained from various species of Pinus, rich in α-terpineol
refining: Refinement (process of refining)
boneyard: A graveyard.
boneyard: In the game of dominoes, the pile of upside-down pieces that have yet to be used.
boneyard: A dumpsite for obsolete or unusable aircraft.
piloting: The form of navigation in which position is determined by relation to external reference points.
tumbling: The act of something that tumbles.
pilotage: The use of landmarks to guide a vessel or aircraft to its destination.
pilotage: The occupation of a pilot.
pilotage: The fee paid to a pilot.
Oceanian: Someone from Oceania (geographical region or continent).
Oceanian: Someone from the fictional nation of Oceania in George Orwell’s novel Nineteen Eighty-Four (1949).
contessa: A countess, often specifically an Italian countess
infected: One who has an infection.
scolding: A succession of critical remarks, such as those directed by a parent towards a misbehaving child.
hexoxide: any oxide containing six oxygen atoms in each molecule
wingback: A player who doubles on either side of the center as a defender when their team is defending, and a winger when they are attacking.
wingback: A running back who is in formation near the line of scrimmage and outside the tackles, a slotback.
wingback: One of the projecting side pieces on a wingback chair.
wingback: A wingback chair.
octoxide: any oxide having eight oxygen atoms in each molecule or unit cell
handrail: A rail which can be held, such as on the side of a staircase, ramp or other walkway, and serving as a support or guard.
handrail: A moving continuous belt-like rail on either side of an escalator which users can hold on to for support.
zoochore: A plant whose seeds, spores, or fruit are dispersed by animals.
acridity: Bitterness or acerbity.
acridity: An acrid taste or smell.
acridity: Bitterness in speech or behaviour; causticness.
deadbolt: The part of the lock which is moved when the key is engaged.
deadbolt: A kind of lock in which the bolt (moving portion) is held in position by the cylinder rather than by a spring and so cannot be retracted except by turning the cylinder.
billfold: A small, folding sleeve or case designed to hold paper currency, as well as credit cards, pictures, etc.
shutting: The act by which something is shut.
pine nut: The edible seed of any of several species of evergreen pine, especially Pinus pinea, Pinus cembra, and Pinus cembroides.
pine nut: The flavor that results from mixing pineapple and coconut.
diaphone: A kind of organ pipe.
diaphone: A sound signal which produces sound by means of a slotted piston moved back and forth by compressed air.
diaphone: A particular dialectal variant of a phoneme; all the dialectal variants of a phoneme, considered as a whole.
praising: An act of giving praise.
politico: A politician.
politico: Someone involved in the professional life of a politician or a political campaign to varying degrees.
politico: A prominent activist.
politico: Someone with strong views regarding a political cause.
politico: Someone who follows politics regularly and is knowledgeable about at least the political news in their local area.
disodium: two atoms of sodium in a compound
bagpiper: One who plays the bagpipes.
kick-off: The opening kick of each half of a game of football.
kick-off: The opening sequence of any event.
kick-off: The opening sequence of notes in a song, usually played by the song's main instrument, to indicate the beginning of the song.
Assyrian: A person who resided in the ancient region on the Upper Tigris river, with capital city of Assur.
Assyrian: A citizen of an ancient nation and empire, including the northern half of Mesopotamia, with capital city of Nineveh.
Assyrian: A person from a traditional Christian ethnic group with roots in the Middle East, who claim ancestry tracing back to the ancient Assyrians.
Assyrian: A butterfly of the genus Terinos.
spagyric: A spagyrist.
rigidity: The quality or state of being rigid; lack of pliability; the quality of resisting change of physical shape
rigidity: The amount of resistance with which a body opposes change of form.
rigidity: Stiffness of appearance or manner; want of ease or elegance.
rigidity: stickiness (of prices/wages etc.). Describing the tendency of prices and money wages to adjust to changes in the economy with a certain delay.
comeover: An immigrant.
ice-cold: A cold serving of beer.
dewpoint: Alternative spelling of dew point
wolfbane: Alternative form of wolfsbane
beholder: Someone who observes or beholds; an observer or spectator.
beholder: A fictional monster in roleplaying games, a floating orb of flesh with a large mouth and many eyes on stalks.
browbone: The orbital ridge of the eye.
dry hire: The hire of equipment or a venue without any accompanying operators or staff.
calquing: Loan translation.
Arrernte: A member of the Arrernte people of Northern Territory, Australia.
failover: An automatic switch to a secondary system on failure of the primary system, such as a means for ensuring high availability of some critical resource (such as a computer system), involving a parallel backup system which is kept running at all times, so that, upon detected failure of the primary system, processing can be automatically shifted over to the backup.
own goal: A goal that results from a player putting the ball or puck into the goal of their own team; the resulting goal being scored for the opposition.
own goal: A blunder that damages one’s own prospects.
E-format: A scientific notation for floating point numbers in which e.g. 51.75 would be represented as .5175E+02 (meaning .5175 × 10²)
qui vive: a state of heightened vigilance, especially prior to battle
brainbox: The cavity of the skull in which the brain is contained.
brainbox: A very intelligent person.
brainbox: The head or skull (which encloses the brain).
redactor: A person who redacts; an editor or compiler of texts.
Scotsman: A man from Scotland; a Scot.
chroneme: A basic, theoretical unit of sound that can distinguish words by duration only of a vowel or consonant.
fallback: An act of falling back.
fallback: A backup plan or contingency strategy; an alternative which can be used if something goes wrong with the main plan; a recourse.
fallback: A reduction in bitumen softening point, sometimes called refluxing or overheating, in a relatively closed container.
fallback: Pulverised material that falls back to earth after a nuclear explosion; fallout.
forester: A person who practices forestry.
forester: A person who lives in a forest.
forester: A moth in the family Zygaenidae.
forester: Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Lethe. Other members of this genus are called tree browns and wood browns.
gridlock: A condition of total, interlocking traffic congestion on the streets or highways of a crowded city, in which no one can move because everyone is in someone else's way.
gridlock: On a smaller scale: the situation in which cars enter a signal-controlled intersection too late during the green light cycle, and are unable to clear the intersection (due to congestion in the next block) when the light turns red, thus blocking the cross traffic when it's their turn to go. Repeated at enough intersections, this phenomenon can lead to citywide gridlock.
gridlock: any paralysis of a complex system due to severe congestion, conflict, or deadlock.
tag team: A group of wrestlers who work together as a team. Only one is in the ring at any given time, and they change places by "tagging" each other with a gesture like a high five.
tag team: Two or more people acting alternately to accomplish some task.
tag team: An act of two or more people having sex with one person who is the focus of the sexual activity; a gangbang (sense 1); also, the people having sex with the person who is the focus of the sexual activity regarded as a group.
metacosm: A system that encompasses cosmos systems (macrocosm, mesocosm, microcosm).
metacosm: A transcendent field of higher forces beyond the macrocosm (created world).
metacosm: A manifestation of God.
clarence: A kind of carriage popular in the 19th century; a four-wheeled horse-driven vehicle with a glass front and room for four passengers.
Valhalla: An abode of the gods or afterlife in general.
sponging: The application of a sponge.
stenosis: An abnormal narrowing or stricture in a blood vessel or other tubular organ.
stenosis: A reduction in either mental or physical capacity.
bullseye: The centre of a target, inside the inner and magpie.
bullseye: A shot which hits the centre of a target.
bullseye: The two central rings on a dartboard.
bullseye: A hard striped peppermint-flavoured boiled sweet.
bullseye: Thick glass set into the side of a ship to let in light.
bullseye: A hand-cancelled postmark issued by a counter clerk at a post office, typically done on a receipt for proof of mailing.
bullseye: The central part of a crown glass disk, with concentric ripple effect.
bullseye: A convex glass lens which is placed in front of a lamp to concentrate the light so as to make it more conspicuous as a signal; also the lantern itself.
bullseye: A commonly-known reference point used when indicating the location or direction of something.
bullseye: An oculus.
bullseye: A £50 banknote.
bullseye: Any of the first postage stamps produced in Brazil from 1843.
échappée: Alternative form of échappé (“ballet movement”)
suicidal: Someone suicidal; someone likely to kill themselves.
adequacy: The quality of being sufficient, adequate or able to meet the needs.
daycoach: A normal railway car with seats, but no sleeping arrangements.
magmatic: A rock formed from magma
Davidian: A member of a particular offshoot of the Seventh-day Adventists.
inkstone: A stone mortar used for the grinding and containment of ink in the East Asian art and calligraphy tradition.
wantaway: Alternative spelling of want-away
MacGyver: Someone capable of improvising a solution from available resources
rashness: The quality of state of being rash; inconsiderate or presumptuous haste
impugner: One who impugns; one who opposes or contradicts.
weanling: Any young mammal that has been recently weaned.
weanling: Specifically, a human child that has been recently weaned.
weanling: Specifically, a young horse that has been weaned from its mother, but is less than one year old (usually 5-12 months old).
doublure: An elaborately decorated leather flyleaf in a book.
doublure: The reflexed margin of a trilobite carapace.
exaction: The act of demanding with authority, and compelling to pay or yield; compulsion to give or furnish; a levying by force
exaction: extortion.
exaction: That which is exacted; a severe tribute; a fee, reward, or contribution, demanded or levied with severity or injustice.
salinity: The quality of being saline.
salinity: The concentration of salt in a solution.
destrier: A large warhorse, especially of a medieval knight.
destrier: A steed.
ekaboron: the name given by Dmitri Mendeleev to the predicted element (scandium) lying below boron in the periodic table
inaction: Lack of action or activity or labor
algraphy: An early photographic technique, similar to zincography or lithography, using paper impregnated with an aluminium salt.
filature: The process of drawing fibres into threads, especially the process of reeling raw silk from cocoons.
filature: A spool or bobbin used for the above.
filature: A place where silk is reeled onto spools.
keurboom: A species of tree, Virgilia oroboides, noted for its pretty lilac flowers.
vestiary: A dressing room or storeroom for clothes, especially in a church or other religious house.
vestiary: Clothing; garments.
chaudron: Obsolete form of chawdron.
guaranty: An undertaking to answer for the payment of some debt, or the performance of some contract or duty, of another, in case of the failure of such other to pay or perform; a warranty; a security.
guaranty: Something serving as a security for such an undertaking.
guaranty: An assurance or guarantee.
wiggling: The motion of something that wiggles.
feretory: A receptacle that houses relics of saints.
feretory: An area of a church where relics are kept.
handbags: An insignificant fight or argument.
issuance: The act of issuing, or giving out.
issuance: Something issued.
impulsor: One who or that which impels; an inciter, an instigator.
prehnite: A mineral, a basic calcium, aluminium and iron aluminosilicate, which occurs in stalactitic aggregates or curved crystals, Ca₂Al₂Si₃O₁₀(OH)₂.
silicium: The chemical element silicon.
prilling: The solidification of droplets of molten material falling against an upward stream of air; used especially to agglomerate ammonium nitrate and urea for use as a fertilizer.
coversin: coversed sine
haversin: Abbreviation of haversine.
wavering: gerund of waver: a state of fluctuation or indecision.
eutheism: the belief that there is a god, and that this god is good
ironware: Articles made of iron, as household utensils, tools, and the like.
farmland: Land that is suitable for farming and agricultural production.
ironwork: Anything made wholly or largely of iron, especially when used for decoration.
ironwork: An ironworks.
irenicon: A proposition, scheme, or treatise designed to promote peace, especially in the church.
irenicon: The deacon's litany or great synapte at the beginning of the liturgy of the Orthodox Church.
newsroom: The office of a news organisation, especially that part of it where the journalists work and news stories are processed.
newsroom: A room where newspapers and magazines are available for reading.
slowness: The quality or state of being slow.
slowness: A unit, the reciprocal of velocity, that delineates the amount of time required for an object to travel a given distance.
exsecant: The trigonometric function sec(x) − 1. Abbreviation: exsec
brownout: A period of low alternating current line voltage, causing a reduction in illumination
brownout: Temporary dimming of vision, usually with a brown hue and accompanied by loss of peripheral vision or tunnel vision.
brownout: Temporary closing of a fire station, usually due to budget restrictions.
brownout: A power outage during the day; distinguished from a blackout, which occurs at night
brownout: A blackout, regardless of time of day.
enticing: enticement; temptation
hillside: The side of a hill.
damehood: The fact or condition of being a dame.
pancetta: A cured belly or pork; bacon.
Singlish: A highly colloquial or basilectal variety of Singapore English incorporating much Hokkien and Malay lexis.
Singlish: Any of various varieties of English spoken in Sri Lanka.
congenic: Such an organism
head boy: A boy chosen to lead a school sixth form, whose duties may include representing the school and organising the prefects.
trudging: The act of one who trudges, or walks slowly and heavily.
birdshit: avian excreta; guano
etatisme: Misspelling of etatism or étatisme.
revenant: Someone who returns from a long absence.
revenant: A person or thing reborn.
revenant: A supernatural being that returns from the dead; a zombie or ghost.
shin pad: A protective piece of clothing worn over the shin.
pulsejet: a valved jet engine where combustion occurs in pulses, as used in the V-1 flying bomb
clouding: A cloudy appearance.
clouding: A mottled appearance given to ribbons and silks in the process of dyeing.
clouding: A diversity of colours in yarn, recurring at regular intervals.
dribbler: A person who dribbles (salivates excessively).
dribbler: A person who performs dribbling.
dribbler: A stupid person.
chauffer: A small, portable stove
chauffer: A chafing dish
chauffer: A table stove or small furnace, usually a cylindrical box of sheet iron, with a grate at the bottom, and an open top.
chauffer: Misspelling of chauffeur.
étatisme: Alternative form of etatism.
arancini: Alternative form of arancino
wisteria: Any of several woody climbing vines, of the genus Wisteria, native to the East Asian countries of China, Korea, and Japan and the eastern United States.
decedent: A dead person.
gaff rig: a sailing rig that has a fore-and-aft sail supported by a spar called a gaff
coxswain: In a ship's boat, the helmsman given charge of the boat's crew.
coxswain: The member of a crew who steers the shell and coordinates the power and rhythm of the rowers.
coxswain: The second or third mate of a vessel, in charge of the master's barge.
coxswain: A rank or position.
girlhood: The state of being a girl.
girlhood: The childhood of a girl.
arancino: A baked rice ball, filled with cheese or other sauce, originally from Sicily.
backheel: A kick played by the heel which typically travels in the opposite direction from which the player is facing.
backheel: A method of tripping or throwing by getting the leg back of the opponent's heel on the outside and pulling forward while pushing his body back.
hem-line: Alternative spelling of hemline
semolina: Coarse grains produced at an intermediate stage of wheat flour milling.
semolina: Such grains, usually from durum wheat, used in the preparation of pasta, couscous and various sweet dishes.
semolina: Ellipsis of semolina pudding.
fat choy: a blue-green alga (Nostoc flagelliforme) used as a vegetable in Chinese cooking
halftime: Alternative spelling of half-time
halftime: The halftime show, the primary light entertainment of a game, after the second quarter, when players can physically recover, coaches can give players a pep talk, bets can be doubled, etc.
mud flat: Alternative spelling of mudflat.
Plymouth: An automobile of the make Plymouth.
decaying: The process of undergoing decay.
hot bulb: An internal combustion engine in which the fuel is ignited by hot, compressed gas rather than a spark
hot date: A social outing with a current or potential lover which holds the possibility of a sexual encounter.
homestay: A system whereby students, visiting a foreign country to study, board with a local family at an affordable price.
homestay: A house used primarily as the residence of the owner but with the business of accommodating paying guests.
fronting: A process whereby a vowel or a consonant is pronounced farther to the front of the vocal tract than some reference point.
fronting: A phonological relationship where a front vowel is found in place of a relative back vowel in an inflected form of a word.
fronting: An analogous relationship between the vowel sounds in a dialect of a language relative to the language standard or an earlier form of the language.
fronting: The movement of a word of phrase to nearer the beginning of a sentence or clause than it would usually appear, often for emphasis. May also occur as part of the standard syntax of particular constructions (e.g. wh-fronting).
fronting: An act of putting on a false façade to impress people.
buttress: A brick or stone structure built against another structure to support it.
buttress: Anything that serves to support something; a prop.
buttress: A buttress-root.
buttress: A feature jutting prominently out from a mountain or rock.
buttress: Anything that supports or strengthens.
signpost: A post bearing a sign that gives information on directions.
signpost: A word or phrase within a clue that serves as an indicator, rather than being fodder.
hot seat: The electric chair.
hot seat: The seat occupied by a game show contestant at a stage where they are answering questions alone.
hot seat: Any stressful situation.
hot seat: A multiplayer game mode where the players take turns playing the game.
glanders: An infectious disease of horses, mules and donkeys caused by the bacterium Burkholderia, one species of which may be transmitted to humans.
hot glue: Synonym of hot melt adhesive
hot pint: a drink made from boiling beer to which is added nutmeg, eggs, sugar and whiskey; drunk during first footing.
Hokkaido: A breed of dog originating from Japan, resembling a spitz dog breed, although not officially ranked as a spitz dog breed.
skid row: An especially dilapidated section of a city, characterized by abandoned or run-down buildings and vices such as drug dealing and prostitution, and frequented by homeless people.
skid row: A situation of great desperation or misfortune.
time out: Alternative spelling of time-out
time out: The period of a live action roleplaying event when players are out of character.
time out: The point at which such a period begins.
holm oak: An evergreen tree, Quercus ilex, native to the Mediterranean region.
cold tap: The tap (of a pair) that produces cold water (the other being the hot tap)
hot tear: A fracture in a metal casting that occurs during solidification as a result of hindered contraction.
film set: The enclosure in which a film scene is shot; includes scenery and props.
distaste: A feeling of dislike, aversion or antipathy.
distaste: Aversion of the taste; dislike, as of food or drink; disrelish.
distaste: Discomfort; uneasiness.
distaste: Alienation of affection; displeasure; anger.
farinata: A flat baked pancake, somewhat similar to a pizza, made from chickpeas.
skiagram: A picture or image created from shadows, especially with X-rays.
hot shoe: A fixture on a camera to which a separate flash unit may be attached, equipped with an electrical connection which transmits the firing signal from the camera to the flash.
dovetail: The tail of a dove (family Columbidae); also, something having the shape of a dove's tail.
dovetail: In full dovetail joint: a type of joint where adjoining components are fastened by multiple tenons cut into wedge shapes resembling a dove's tail, which interlock with mortises having corresponding shapes.
dovetail: A tenon cut into a wedge shape resembling a dove's tail so that it interlocks with a mortise having a corresponding shape in a dovetail joint.
dovetail: A line resembling a dovetail joint (sense 2.1).
hotplate: A semi-portable stove.
hotplate: The element of a stove.
hotplate: A low-powered heating device for keeping food warm.
hot tube: A device in some early internal combustion engines that ignited the fuel/air mixture in a tube heated by a flame
honorary: A person who holds an honorary appointment.
honorary: A kind of secret society that operates in name only, with membership given to honor some achievement.
honorary: An honorarium; a fee for services of no fixed value.
hot trod: The legal pursuit of Border Reivers across the English-Scottish border in order to recover stolen goods.
hot wall: A brick wall, having enclosed flues connected to a fire, to which fruit trees are attached in order to hasten growth and ripening
hot well: A well whose water is supplied by a hot spring.
hot well: A receptacle for the hot water drawn from the condenser by the air pump. This water is returned to the boiler, being drawn from the hot well by the feed pump.
marquise: A marchioness, especially one who is French.
marquise: A marquee.
marquise: An oval cut gemstone with pointed ends.
marquise: A canopy, usually of glass, set as a shelter over a door opening onto a terrace or pavement.
marquise: A style of parasol of the mid-19th century.
marquise: A rich dessert made with dark chocolate, butter, sugar, cocoa powder, eggs, and cream.
hot wind: Any wind characterized by intense heat and low relative humidity
hothouse: A heated greenhouse.
hothouse: An environment in which growth or development is encouraged naturally or artificially; a hotbed.
hothouse: A bagnio, or bathing house; a brothel.
hothouse: A heated room for drying greenware.
hothouse: A hot state in global climate.
bucatini: A thicker form of spaghetti with a hole running through it.
sing-jay: Alternative spelling of singjay
patootie: The buttocks.
patootie: An attractive girl; a girlfriend.
fettucce: A wide form of fettuccine pasta.
headband: A strip of fabric worn around the head.
headband: A hair-accessory, made of a flexible material and curved like a horseshoe, for holding one's hair back.
headband: A strip of fabric attached to the top of the spine of a book; used as decoration and reinforcement.
headband: A thin slip of iron on the tympan of a printing-press.
semolino: Archaic form of semolina.
kajigger: An unspecified object; thingamajig
farfalle: pasta in the shape of butterflies or bow ties
emulator: A person or thing that emulates.
emulator: A piece of software or hardware that simulates another system.
conative: An utterance that implies striving.
spruiker: One who spruiks business, a tout.
spruiker: One who toots their own horn.
killdeer: A North American plover (Charadrius vociferus) with a distinctive cry and territorial behavior that includes feigning injury to attract predators and spare the young in the nest.
rigatoni: A ribbed tubular form of pasta, larger than penne but with square-cut ends, often slightly curved.
cheating: An act of deception, fraud, trickery, imposture, imposition or infidelity.
cheating: The arrangement of people or items in a film so as to give the (false) impression that shots are taken from different angles in the same location.
down low: A state of secrecy.
down low: The state of being a man who secretly sleeps with people other than his partner.
down low: The state of being a man who secretly sleeps with other men.
down low: A man who secretly sleeps with other men.
Riesling: A variety of grape grown especially in Germany and other relatively cool areas.
Riesling: A white wine made from this grape (often slightly sweet).
triomphe: A card game dating from the late 15th century.
Ucalegon: A neighbor whose house is on fire or has burned down.
new math: A dramatic and short-lived change in the teaching of mathematics in grade schools in the 1960s, focusing on abstract topics such as symbolic logic, to the detriment of simple arithmetic etc.
new math: The methodology used to arrive at an unreasonably incorrect answer for a mathematical calculation.
algorism: Obsolete spelling of algorithm (all senses)
matching: The process by which things are matched together or paired up.
matching: A set of independent edges in a given graph, i.e. a set of edges which do not intersect, such that pairs of vertices are "matched" to each other one to one.
Otaheite: The Tahitian language.
Otaheite: A Tahitian.
braciola: A slice of pan-fried or grilled meat, cooked in its own juice or in a small amount of olive oil.
causerie: An informal conversation, or casual short written article, especially on a serious topic.
wallaroo: Any of three closely related species of moderately large macropods, intermediate in size between the kangaroos and the wallabies.
wallaroo: A common wallaroo (Macropus robustus), the most common and widespread species of the three.
quarrier: Somebody who works in a quarry.
caponata: A Sicilian dish of baked aubergines with capers, olives, pine nuts etc, normally served cold.
piquancy: The degree to which something is piquant, stimulating or exciting.
nabobess: A female nabob
hot chat: Verbal communication with the intent to cause sexual arousal.
war game: A simulation, by whatever means, of a military operation involving two or more opposing forces using rules, data, and procedures designed to depict an actual or assumed real-life situation.
war game: A game that simulates or represents a military operation.
ébéniste: An ebonist; a cabinetmaker who veneers furniture.
ossobuco: Alternative spelling of osso buco
thatcher: A person who installs thatch as a roofing material.
thatcher: A device which removes dead grass clippings from a lawn. (Technically a dethatcher, often a lawnmower attachment.)
rainbird: Any of the coucal species Centropus supercilliosus, Centropus cupreicadus, Centropus senegalensis.
rainbird: A grey warbler (Gerygone igata).
car door: A door designed for use on a car (whether a railway carriage or an automobile).
braciole: Synonym of braciola
implying: implication
menswear: Men's clothing (and accessories), particularly in a retail context.
bateleur: A species of eagle, Terathopius ecaudatus, endemic to Africa and Arabia.
broccolo: Rare form of broccoli.
palmetto: Any of various fan palms of the family Arecaceae, especially Sabal palmetto or the saw palmetto, Serenoa repens.
palmetto: A hat made of palmetto leaves.
palmetto: A native or resident of the US state of South Carolina.
doubting: A condition of doubt.
purslane: Any of the family Portulacaceae (order Caryophyllales) of succulent plants.
purslane: the widely-grown edible plant common purslane or summer purslane (Portulaca oleracea)
purslane: Any of the family Portulacaceae (order Caryophyllales) of succulent plants.
purslane: moss-rose purslane, moss rose (Portulaca grandiflora)
purslane: Any of the family Portulacaceae (order Caryophyllales) of succulent plants.
purslane: Other similar plants in other families in order Caryophyllales
purslane: winter purslane, miner's lettuce (Claytonia perfoliata)
purslane: Other similar plants in other families in order Caryophyllales
purslane: pink purslane (Claytonia sibirica)
purslane: Other similar plants in other families in order Caryophyllales
purslane: sea purslane
purslane: Halimione portulacoides
purslane: Other similar plants in other families in order Caryophyllales
purslane: sea purslane
purslane: Honckenya peploides
purslane: Other similar plants in other families in order Caryophyllales
purslane: shoreline purslane (Sesuvium portulacastrum)
purslane: Other similar plants in other families in order Caryophyllales
purslane: purslane tree (Portulacaria afra)
ebberman: One who fishes under bridges.
celeriac: A form of celery, Apium graveolens, having an aromatic taproot eaten as a vegetable.
barracks: A group of buildings used by military personnel as housing.
paquebot: a mailboat
paquebot: a postal marking or cancellation stamped on mail posted at sea or in a harbour for processing by the postal authorities at the next port of call. Mail so marked in one country will often carry the stamps of another country.
beancake: Various forms of tofu, made from soybeans.
beancake: Akara, a west-African fritter made from black-eyed peas.
drowsing: The act of one who drowses.
creatrix: A female creator.
air mass: A particular volume of air, especially one having a roughly uniform temperature, pressure and water vapour content.
shootout: A decisive battle, especially a gunfight.
shootout: A penalty shootout.
shootout: A series of penalty shots during which a tied game is resolved.
shootout: A multitable poker tournament in which only the last player on a table goes on to the next.
shootout: A match in which both teams score highly.
dooryard: the yard near the front or back door of a house
decology: Misspelling of decalogy.
wheedler: One who wheedles.
bedstead: The framework that supports a bed.
sauterne: A wine imitating those of Sauternes.
showgirl: A non-starring but physically beautiful female dancer in an often lavishly produced theatrical revue; a chorine.
slapping: The act of giving a slap or slaps
slapping: The slap bass technique
pastiera: A Neapolitan tart made from wheat, eggs, and ricotta, traditionally eaten at Easter.
blacktop: Asphalt concrete or similar bituminous black paving material used for the surface of roads (e.g., tarmacadam, tarmac).
blacktop: A road so paved.
blacktop: A paved area on a schoolground reserved for recess activities, often doubling as a parking lot.
taleggio: A soft Italian cheese from Lombardy.
advisory: A warning.
oleander: Nerium oleander, a notoriously poisonous shrub in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, but nonetheless widely grown as an ornamental, having leathery lance-shaped leaves and deep rose-colored or white flowers.
perruque: Alternative form of peruke
poultice: A soft, moist mass, usually wrapped in cloth and warmed, that is applied topically to a sore, aching or lesioned part of the body to soothe it.
poultice: A porous solid filled with solvent, used to remove stains from porous stone such as marble or granite.
Q factor: A measure of the quality of an electric circuit; the ratio of the reactance to the resistance.
badlands: An arid terrain characterized by severe erosion of sedimentary rocks.
hatchery: A facility where eggs are hatched under artificial conditions, especially those of fish or poultry.
pecorino: Any of a family of Italian hard cheeses made from ewe's milk.
pitmatic: The language spoken by inhabitants of the mining villages in Northumberland or Durham.
prospect: The region which the eye overlooks at one time; view; scene; outlook.
prospect: A picturesque or panoramic view; a landscape; hence, a sketch of a landscape.
prospect: A position affording a fine view; a lookout.
prospect: Relative position of the front of a building or other structure; face; relative aspect.
prospect: The act of looking forward; foresight; anticipation.
prospect: The potential things that may come to pass, often favorable.
prospect: A hope; a hopeful.
prospect: Any player whose rights are owned by a top-level professional team, but who has yet to play a game for said team.
prospect: A potential client or customer.
prospect: The façade of an organ.
pellagra: A disease characterised by skin lesions and mental confusion, primarily caused by a niacin deficiency.
deviltry: Devilry.
exilarch: The leader of the Jews of the Babylonian exile.
exilarch: The head of a community of Jews in the diaspora.
dish pig: A person employed to wash dishes at a restaurant or similar location.
korrigan: A long-haired nocturnal and often malevolent Breton fairy princess.
idyllist: A writer of idylls; an idyllic poet or writer; one who depicts idyllic or pastoral subjects.
Bononian: A native or inhabitant of Bologna in Italy.
julienne: A garnish of vegetables cut into long, thin strips.
incienso: A desert shrub (Encelia farinosa) producing a resin that emits a fragrant odor when burned.
adjustor: Alternative form of adjuster
adjuster: One who adjusts, especially for the insurance industry's employment title "loss adjuster" (or "claims adjuster" in the United States).
asphodel: Any of the flowering plants of the family Asphodelaceae, especially Asphodelus ramosus and Asphodelus albus; the flower of these plants.
asphodel: The flower said to carpet Hades, and a favorite food of the dead.
highland: A high area; land that is higher than surrounding areas.
cabochon: A precious stone which has only been polished, not cut into facets.
sundress: A typically sleeveless dress, usually a minidress, made of light, loose-fitting material for spring and summer wear.
pororoca: A tidal flood, especially at the mouth of the Amazon River, that rushes with a roaring noise into the river and proceeds in one or more waves that often present a very abrupt front of considerable height.
ministre: Obsolete form of minister.
holocoen: An ecosystem in Friederichs' theory of nature.
rhomboid: A parallelogram which is neither a rhombus nor a rectangle
rhomboid: Any of several muscles that control the shoulders
rhomboid: A solid shape which has rhombic faces
tall man: The third, longest finger, also known as the middle finger.
Esquimau: Archaic form of Eskimo.
spag bol: Clipping of spaghetti bolognese.
wor lass: My wife/girlfriend.
trimming: The act or process of someone who trims.
trimming: An instance of that act or process.
trimming: Material that is removed by someone trimming something, as a piece of steak.
trimming: An ornamental accessory to a dress or other piece of clothing.
trimming: An accessory or accompaniment.
trimming: A reprimand or chastising.
armorial: A book etc concerning heraldry, especially a collection of coats of arms.
Mandinka: A member of a particular people of West Africa.
straying: The act of one who strays; deviation or sin, often sexual infidelity.
synovium: Alternative form of synovial membrane.
headsman: A chief person; a head man
headsman: An executioner whose method of dispatching the condemned is decapitation.
headsman: A labourer in a colliery who transports the coal from the workings to the horseway, and who is oftentimes assisted by a younger worker called a foal.
headsman: One in command of a whaling vessel.
requiter: One who requites.
zoonotic: Synonym of zoonosis
gamefish: Fish deemed suitable for the sport of angling, as opposed to those caught primarily for food.
archival: The practice of storing items in an archive; archiving; (countable) an instance of this.
bedlinen: The items of cloth used to make up a bed, such as sheets and pillowcases, formerly made of linen but now manufactured in a wide variety of material such as cotton or polyester.
Keeshond: A spitz bred in the Netherlands and Germany, characterized by a fluffy coat of silver and black fur.
embalmer: One who embalms a corpse; a practicioner of mortuary science.
kohlrabi: Brassica oleracea var. gongylodes, a variety of the cabbage, having a turnip-shaped edible stem.
beserker: Misspelling of berserker.
iffiness: The state or quality of being iffy.
pep talk: A rallying speech made to instill enthusiasm and boost confidence
smelling: The act by which something is smelled.
foo lion: Synonym of foo dog.
supremum: (real analysis): Given a subset X of R, the smallest real number that is ≥ every element of X; (order theory): given a subset X of a partially ordered set P (with partial order ≤), the least element y of P such that every element of X is ≤ y.
jacquard: Fabric woven on a Jacquard loom.
jacquard: Fabric resembling a jacquard, but woven by a different process.
jacquard: A Jacquard loom.
bullhead: any of a variety of related species of generally dark-colored catfish in the family Ictaluridae.
bullhead: The black bullhead, Ameiurus melas.
bullhead: any of a variety of related species of generally dark-colored catfish in the family Ictaluridae.
bullhead: The brown bullhead, Ameiurus nebulosus.
bullhead: any of a variety of related species of generally dark-colored catfish in the family Ictaluridae.
bullhead: The yellow bullhead, Ameiurus natalis.
bullhead: Any of various sculpins of the suborder Scorpaenoidei
bullhead: The European bullhead, Cottus gobio.
bullhead: A fish of species Gobiomorphus gobioides.
bullhead: A bullhead shark (Heterodontus spp.).
bullhead: An obstinate person.
bullhead: A bullhead rail.
bullhead: A chronograph (watch or stopwatch) with two push buttons arranged like the horns of a bull on the top end of the case, typically with the crown between them.
malamute: An ancient northern breed of dog of the husky type, particularly used as a sled dog.
feathery: Someone who roleplays or describes themselves as being a bird or bird-like animal character with human characteristics.
passbook: A customer's record of deposits and withdrawals from a savings account at a bank, typically recorded in a small booklet. The bank keeps its own record, which is final in any dispute.
passbook: A book that passes between a trader and a customer, used to record credit purchases.
passbook: A kind of internal passport used during apartheid to limit the movements of citizens outside of their homelands or designated areas.
seriatum: a series, a sequence
fomenter: One who incites or promotes.
crawfish: Various freshwater crustaceans, crayfish.
crawfish: Various marine crustaceans, rock lobster; especially Jasus lalandii, the Cape crawfish.
crawfish: A slur against Anglo-Canadians used in some corners of Quebec (including the Gaspé).
shelving: Shelves collectively.
shelving: The side-rails of a cart or waggon.
shelving: A sloping surface.
retraite: Obsolete form of retreat.
sawhorse: A structure with a crosspiece used to support timber or other material for working.
in-group: Alternative form of ingroup
Shangaan: A member of this tribe.
ranching: The business or activity of operating a ranch, of farming or raising livestock.
ranching: A ranch.
meatloaf: A dish of ground meat (usually made from ground beef, although lamb, pork, veal, venison, poultry and seafood are also used) formed into a loaf shape, mixed with egg and breadcrumbs, then baked or smoked, and usually served in slices.
mariachi: A traditional form of Mexican music, either sung or purely instrumental.
mariachi: A group that plays mariachi music.
mariachi: A member of such a group.
maharani: The wife of a maharajah; approximately, a queen consort.
Clarissa: Synonym of Poor Clare: a nun of the Order of Saint Clare.
toadyism: Sycophancy; fawning, obsequious behavior.
Socceroo: A member of the Australian national soccer team, the Socceroos.
quartier: A quarter or district of an urban settlement in France.
quillaia: An extract from the bark of the soapbark tree, Quillaja saponaria, used as a food additive.
bone-ash: Alternative form of bone ash
bone ash: The white, powdery ash left when bone is burnt; it is high in calcium phosphate and is used as a fertilizer and in making bone china.
parterre: A flowerbed, particularly an elevated one.
parterre: A garden with paths between such flowerbeds.
parterre: A part of the section of theater seats located on the ground floor, on the same level as the orchestra.
parterre: The part of the ground-floor section nearest the orchestra and the stage; the stalls.
parterre: A part of the section of theater seats located on the ground floor, on the same level as the orchestra.
parterre: The part of the ground-floor section behind the stalls and underneath the galleries; the pit.
parterre: That part of a theater audience seated in the parterre, sometimes regarded as belonging to a lower social class.
parterre: An apartment balcony.
ball boy: A person, usually male, responsible for retrieving balls from the area of play, and returning them to the players.
fauteuil: An armchair.
fauteuil: The chair of a presiding officer.
fauteuil: Membership in the Académie française.
birdseed: Seed, usually constituting a mixture from several species of plant, set out as food for birds.
aad wife: An old woman.
aad wife: An old wife.
Augustin: Synonym of English.
Augustin: Alternative form of Augustan
bolo tie: A necktie consisting of a heavy cord held in front by an ornamental clasp or slide.
bluegill: A North American sunfish; Lepomis macrochirus.
sweating: The production and evaporation of a watery fluid called sweat that is excreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals.
sweating: Mucilage, especially of cocoa.
sweating: The gentle heating of vegetables in oil or butter.
optative: A mood of verbs found in some languages (e.g. Sanskrit, Old Prussian, and Ancient Greek, but not English), used to express a wish.
optative: A verb or expression in the optative mood.
hand pie: (Southern) A semilunar pastry with either a sweet or savory filling, formed by placing a dollop of filling onto a circular piece of biscuit-style dough and then folding it over and crimping it shut. They may be baked, fried or deep-fried. A pasty.
voyageur: A trader, particularly in furs, who worked (and explored) in the area of Canada and the northern United States from the 16th to early 19th centuries; they were often of Quebecois extraction.
mandrake: A mandragora, a kind of tiny demon immune to fire.
mandrake: Any plant of the genus Mandragora, certain of which are said to have medicinal or aphrodisiac properties; the root of these plants often resembles the shape of a small person, hence occasioning various mythic, magical, or occult uses.
mandrake: A root of a mandrake plant that resembled human form, especially one kept or used for magic or occult purposes.
mandrake: The drug methaqualone.
fretwork: Ornamental woodwork either carved in low relief or cut through.
medalist: An engraver, designer or maker of medals.
medalist: Someone who has received a medal.
limekiln: A furnace used to produce lime from limestone.
limekiln: A burning sensation.
havelock: A cap incorporating a cloth hanging down the sides and back, to protect the ears and neck; often created ad hoc by placing a kerchief on the head and holding it in place with a cap.
docetist: One who believes in docetism.
noisette: A small round thick slice of meat (in particular, lamb or veal) that has been deboned.
noisette: A hybrid rose, from the China rose and the musk rose.
armonica: A musical instrument made of blown-glass bowls mounted on a spindle turned originally by a foot pedal, and played with wetted fingers, producing an ethereal sound. Technically, it is a crystallophone.
Donatism: An early Christian belief which maintained that apostate priests were incapable of administering the sacraments, as opposed to the orthodox view that any sacrament administered by a properly ordained priest or bishop is valid, regardless of how sinful he is or if he has converted to another religion.
pemmican: A food made from meat which has been dried and beaten into a paste, mixed with berries and rendered fat, and shaped into little patties.
pemmican: A speech or piece of writing that is very condensed, conveying a lot of thought or information in few words.
docetism: The doctrine of the Docetes, that Jesus only appeared to have a physical body and was ultimately of celestial substance.
jerrycan: A robust fuel container often made from pressed steel.
reveller: One who attends revels; a partygoer.
armonico: Synonym of armónico
gadabout: A person who restlessly moves from place to place, seeking amusement or the companionship of others.
teocalli: An Aztec temple.
teocalli: A Mesoamerican pyramid surmounted by a temple.
symbiote: Synonym of symbiont
mooncake: A rich, dense Chinese pastry traditionally filled with lotus seed paste and nowadays with a variety of other fillings, usually eaten during the Mid-Autumn Festival (on the 15th day of the eighth month of the Chinese lunisolar calendar; early September to early October).
cast net: a (usually weighted) fishing net that is thrown and then pulled back via an attached line
Nephilim: Alternative form of Naphil (“a member of the race of Nephilim”).
malarial: A person who has malaria.
capretto: meat from a kid, or young goat
red tide: An algal bloom of sufficient quantity to cause discoloration (often red) in a body of water; red tides can potentially cause irritation or death to exposed creatures.
red tide: An algal bloom of sufficient quantity to cause discoloration (often red) in a body of water; red tides can potentially cause irritation or death to exposed creatures.
red tide: specifically, one caused by Karenia brevis.
mannikin: Alternative form of manikin (little man)
mannikin: Any of several passerine bird species of the genus Lonchura, family Estrildidae, of Asia and Australasia.
cribbing: The members used to build a (structural) crib, usually of timbers or logs, but also of concrete, steel or even plastic; cribwork.
cribbing: As a whole, the heavy structure built to support an existing structure from underneath, as with a mineshaft or when raising a building off its foundation, as for moving to another location,
cribbing: The cribbing used to support anything from below or on a side, as with a retaining wall, or to prop up a piece of heavy machinery.
cribbing: A self-injurious tendency of certain horses to swallow air while slobbering and biting onto objects in and about their enclosure; cribbing and windsucking are regarded as equine forms of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
cribbing: An act of plagiarism.
nunchuck: Alternative form of nunchaku
schizont: A cell that divides by schizogony.
straggle: An irregular, spread-out group.
straggle: An outlier; something that has strayed beyond the normal limits.
dump job: The act of moving a corpse from the place of death and abandoning it in a deserted area, typically to conceal a murder.
dump job: The abandonment of an unfinished task for which the abandoner might be expected to take responsibility, especially in a fashion that makes it likely that one or more colleagues will take on its completion.
dump job: A dump truck.
perfecta: A kind of bet wherein the first and second-place finishers must be predicted in the correct order.
perfecta: A female perfect (Cathar leader).
sephirah: Alternative spelling of sefirah
qualtagh: The first person one encounters, either after leaving one's home or (sometimes) outside one's home, especially on New Year's Day; a first-foot.
payphone: A public telephone that requires prepayment to operate, generally via the insertion of coins or a credit card.
plucking: An act in which something is plucked.
plucking: A fragment of something obtained by plucking.
plucking: The undesirable situation in which printed ink becomes detached from the paper.
ectopion: The products of conception which result from an ectopic pregnancy.
sourness: The quality or condition of being sour, usually said of human personalities.
bedsheet: A sheet, a piece of cloth cut and finished as bedlinen.
Judahite: A descendant of Judah (the patriarch).
Judahite: A descendant or member of the tribe of Judah.
Judahite: An inhabitant of the ancient kingdom of Judah.
internee: One who is imprisoned or otherwise confined.
sugaring: The action of the verb to sugar.
sugaring: The making or processing of sugar.
sugaring: The practice of being a sugar baby, receiving money or gifts from an older person in exchange for a romantic relationship.
luderick: The fish Girella tricuspidata.
plunking: A noise that plunks.
pritchel: A metal punch or shaping tool with a round shank, designed to fit in a pritchel hole in an anvil.
dishware: crockery used for serving or cooking food
shoggoth: A monstrous gelatinous creature with green eyes, featured in the horror fiction of H. P. Lovecraft.
protease: An enzyme that cuts or cleaves proteins.
impaling: The act of something being impaled.
geniture: Birth; begetting.
churning: The act by which something is churned.
churning: The quantity of butter prepared (by churning) at one time.
dabbling: An act in which something is dabbled in
assiette: A plate of food, but typically a small plate containing the same food item prepared in various different ways
assiette: A mixture of bole, bloodstone, and galena once used in bookbinding as a gilding surface
equipage: Equipment or supplies, especially military ones.
equipage: A type of horse-drawn carriage.
equipage: The carriage together with attendants; a retinue.
equipage: Military dress; uniform, armour etc.
cocoanut: Dated form of coconut.
chasseur: A soldier equipped for rapid movement; also, any of several light infantry regiments, especially in France.
chasseur: A servant or attendant.
chasseur: A hotel messenger, especially in France.
chasseur: A hunter or huntsman.
chasseur: A dish of meat cooked in a sauce containing mushrooms, shallots and white wine.
marchant: Obsolete form of merchant.
arrivant: A person who is arriving or has just arrived.
Vesuvius: A kind of firework supposed to resemble a volcano eruption.
dogfight: A twisting turning battle between two or more military aircraft, especially between fighters.
dogfight: A fight between dogs, especially as part of the blood sport of dogfighting.
messmate: An associate with whom one shares a mess (eating place) on a ship.
messmate: Any of various eucalypts with rough bark, specifically Eucalyptus obliqua.
faubourg: An outlying part of a city or town, beyond the walls; a suburb, especially of Paris.
vuvuzela: A trumpet-shaped horn, now usually plastic, that produces a loud buzzing sound.
parching: The process of parching or roasting something, such as corn.
parching: The condition of being parched; absolute dryness.
filetype: An identifier indicating the type of information contained in an electronic format.
gatepost: a vertical post from which a gate is hung/attached.
pediment: A classical architectural element consisting of a triangular section or gable found above the horizontal superstructure (entablature) which lies immediately upon the columns; fronton.
pediment: A very gently sloping (0.5°-7°) inclined bedrock surface.
soda ash: industrial-grade sodium carbonate
log boat: a dugout
red lead: A bright red, poisonous oxide of lead, Pb₃O₄, used as a pigment and in glass and ceramics.
red lead: tomato ketchup.
emptying: The act by which something is emptied.
emptying: Alternative form of emptins
drageoir: A box for sweets.
biscotto: Alternative form of biscotti
slowpoke: A person who moves slowly or takes a long time to do something.
excursus: A fuller treatment (in a separate section) of a particular part of the text of a book, especially a classic.
excursus: A narrative digression, especially to discuss a particular issue.
horsebox: A motor vehicle for transporting horses.
horsebox: A container for transporting horses in, whether by road, rail, or sea.
horsebox: A van-type railway vehicle specially built for the carriage of horses.
pallette: Misspelling of palette (“set of colours”).
pallette: Alternative form of palette (“rounded armour plate over armpit”)
millwork: Any wooden object manufactured at a lumbermill (sawmill).
millwork: Most especially, doors, windows, and wood trim with decorative cross-section involving curves, beads, grooves, etc.
shithead: A stupid or contemptible person.
shithead: A card game, the aim of which is to lose one's cards.
shithead: A person who uses the drug cannabis.
johnboat: a flat-bottomed boat with a very shallow draft, whose bow and stern are both squared off
pratique: Permission to use a port given to a ship after compliance with quarantine or on conviction that she is free of contagious disease.
pratique: Practice; habits.
pad thai: A Thai dish of stir-fried noodles with egg, tamarind, peanuts and other ingredients.
gendarme: A member of the gendarmerie, a military body charged with police duties.
gendarme: A policeman.
gendarme: A rock pinnacle on a mountain ridge.
phrasing: The way a statement is put together, particularly in matters of style and word choice.
phrasing: The way the musical phrases are put together in a composition or in its interpretation, with changes in tempo, volume, or emphasizing one or more instruments over others.
touchpad: A flat surface which is sensitive to touch, used mostly in laptop computers to control an on-screen cursor.
Sumerian: A person of Sumer.
Sumerian: A native of lower Babylonia, called Šumer in Akkadian.
herdsman: A person who tends livestock, especially cows and sheep.
finality: The state of being final; the condition from which no further changes occur.
sunperch: Regional name for any of various North American sunfish caught as panfish.
blacking: A preparation, containing lampblack, used to produce a shiny black coating.
blacking: Shoe polish.
blacking: A boycott, usually as part of an industrial dispute.
myoblast: An undifferentiated stem cell that develops into muscle tissue.
mulloway: Any of the species Argyrosomus japonicus of large fish, found along the eastern coast of Africa and the coasts of Australia, prized for sport.
tramping: The act or sound of one who tramps, or walks heavily.
tramping: Walking in the countryside for pleasure or sport; hiking
gray jay: A mostly gray bird, Perisoreus canadensis, that inhabits coniferous forests of North America.
gray jay: Any bird of the genus Perisoreus.
Siberian: A person from Siberia.
Siberian: A long-haired domestic cat breed.
notefile: A file containing plain text with little or no formatting.
polarity: The separation, alignment or orientation of something into two opposed poles.
polarity: Either of the two extremes of such attributes.
polarity: The dipole-dipole intermolecular forces between the slightly positively-charged end of one molecule to the negative end of another or the same molecule. ᵂᵖ
polarity: The division of an embryo into an animal pole and a vegetal pole within a blastula. ᵂᵖ
polarity: Spatial differences in shape, structure, and function within a cell. ᵂᵖ
polarity: A measure of the electrical potential at the ends of a circuit. ᵂᵖ
polarity: The direction of a wave's amplitude or its being in phase or antiphase.
polarity: The grammatical category of the affirmative and the negative. ᵂᵖ
polarity: A duality that is an involution, i.e. has order two. ᵂᵖ
polarity: An indicator of the positivity or negativity of a literal. ᵂᵖ
polarity: Any of the various ways in which power is distributed within the international system. ᵂᵖ
polarity: The concept of dualism between masculine and feminine. ᵂᵖ
polarity: Ellipsis of magnetic polarity.
polarity: Ellipsis of trilinear polarity.
erotesis: A figure of speech whereby a question is asked in confident expectation of a negative answer.
oilsmoke: Thick, black smoke from burning oil.
spanning: The process by which something is spanned.
conjurer: One who conjures, a magician.
conjurer: One who performs parlor tricks, sleight of hand.
conjurer: One who conjures; one who calls, entreats, or charges in a solemn manner.
conjurer: One who conjectures shrewdly or judges wisely; a man of sagacity.
conjurer: A cooking appliance comprising a pot (large or small) with a gridiron wielded beneath it, like a brazier, used for cooking methods such as broiling.
jabberer: One who jabbers.
worrying: The act of worrying or harassing somebody.
munition: Materials of war: armaments, weapons and ammunition.
munition: Bombs, rockets, missiles (complete explosive devices, in contrast to e.g. guns).
munition: A tower or fortification.
kaffiyeh: Alternative spelling of keffiyeh
fainting: An act of collapsing into a state of temporary unconsciousness.
jingoist: One who advocates an aggressive nationalism; one who vociferously supports a nation's military aims.
raphania: Poisoning by ingestion of seeds of the wild radish, Raphanus raphanistrum.
pressman: Someone who operates a printing press.
pressman: A journalist or newspaper reporter.
pressman: One who pressgangs people into naval service.
pressman: One who presses clothes.
phthisic: A wasting illness of the lungs, such as asthma or tuberculosis; consumption; phthisis.
phthisic: Any wasting disease.
phthisic: A person suffering from phthisis.
phthisic: Any wasting or shrinking of another body part such as, for example, the eye (phthisis bulbi).
moussaka: A dish consisting of layers of minced lamb or beef, sliced aubergine (eggplant) or potatoes, tomatoes and béchamel sauce, baked in the oven.
keffiyeh: A headdress traditionally worn by some Arabs, also used as a scarf.
quilling: A band of fluted muslin resembling a row of quills.
quilling: A form of art that involves the creation of decorative designs from thin strips of curled paper.
quilling: Quillwork.
quilling: The practice of blowing pepper or snuff through a quill into the nose of a woman who is giving birth, to induce sneezing and diaphragmatic contractions which will induce or hasten labor.
packager: A person who packages.
packager: A tool or machine used to package objects.
packager: A company that hires writers and produces finished books to be sold on to publishers.
packager: A comic book studio that produces content for comic book publishers on demand.
packager: A program that groups objects or data into a single file.
reduviid: any member of the Reduviidae family of insects, which comprises predatory and blood-sucking bugs, including the vectors of Chagas disease
ratching: The act of that which ratches or stretches.
color TV: color television.
mouchoir: A handkerchief.
poignard: Alternative form of poniard
cordwood: Wood suitable for use as firewood; firewood cut and split into conveniently sized pieces for easy stacking into cords.
cordwood: Split and cut wood as an economic commodity.
membrana: A membrane.
membrana: A thin, animal-derived, flexible planar material, such as parchment.
virginal: A musical instrument in the harpsichord family.
mijnheer: Alternative form of mynheer
roofline: the profile of a roof or a series of roofs
corniche: A road built on a ledge (cliff), especially along water (a river, sea, etc).
referral: The act or process of transferring someone or something to another, of sending by reference, or referring.
referral: A document used by schools detailing some form of a student's misbehavior and listing the actions taken before and after the student's receipt of the referral.
Hereford: A cow of the Hereford breed.
root rot: Any of several plant fungal diseases caused by having over-wet roots.
nibbling: The act or sound of one who nibbles.
nibbling: A small adjustment or encroachment.
nibbling: A child of one's sibling.
sandpile: A pile of sand.
sandpile: Any of several models in which a series of connected nodes interact with their neighbours according to fixed rules.
richesse: wealth or riches
richesse: A group of martens; the collective noun for martens.
gasogene: A type of Victorian seltzer bottle, consisting of two mesh-encased glass globes arranged so that a reaction between tartaric acid and sodium bicarbonate produced carbon dioxide gas which carbonated the enclosed beverage and expelled it through a siphon valve.
runagate: A deserter, renegade or apostate.
runagate: A fugitive; a runaway.
desitive: An argument that leads to a conclusion.
chumming: The use of a lit aeroplane to draw enemy fire so that the enemy can be destroyed by another aeroplane whose lights are off.
minimoto: Alternative spelling of mini-moto
cercaria: The parasitic larva of trematodes that infect the final host generally.
scurrier: One who scurries.
whittler: One who whittles.
whittler: A compact folding knife with two small blades at one end and a single larger blade at the other that folds between them and is sprung by the other ends of both springs.
silphion: silphium
sidesman: An assistant to a churchwarden, one of whose duties is to collect offerings during a service.
sea wall: Alternative spelling of seawall
skinfold: A double layer of skin and the underlying adipose tissue obtained by pinching the skin at an appropriate site; the thickness (measured using calipers) gives an estimation of body fat.
apporter: A bringer in; an importer.
caulking: A sealing material used to seal joints between heterogeneous materials in many kinds of construction and manufacture.
doughboy: An American infantryman, especially one from World War I.
doughboy: A kind of flour dumpling.
doughboy: Frybread.
fireboat: A harbor boat designed for pumping large volumes of harbor water onto dockside fires.
Milanese: A native or inhabitant of Milan.
spinette: Obsolete form of spinet (“musical instrument”).
savagery: Savage or brutal behaviour; barbarity.
savagery: A violent act of cruelty.
savagery: Savages collectively; the world of savages.
savagery: Wild growth of plants.
kinsfolk: Alternative spelling of kinfolk
sourcing: The process by which something is sourced, or obtained from another place.
sourcing: The supply of resources needed by a business process.
doorjamb: Either of the upright posts on either side of a door, which together support a lintel.
dragster: A heavily modified or custom-built vehicle used in drag racing.
dragster: One who takes part in drag racing.
dragster: A drag queen.
snaphaan: A flintlock.
sagamore: Synonym of sachem
sagamore: A chief of one or several Native American tribe(s), especially of the Algonquians.
sagamore: Synonym of sachem
sagamore: An eminent member of a group, or an eminent person in society.
sagamore: A high-ranking officer of the Tammany Hall political organization responsible for taking care of its property.
victorie: Obsolete spelling of victory
Waterloo: Often in the term meet one's Waterloo: a notable and decisive defeat following an encounter with a powerful opponent or a problem that is too difficult.
stop-gap: Alternative form of stopgap
textbase: A database containing a corpus of text for use by lexicographers etc.
merrigan: a dog or dingo
galenite: Synonym of galena
coal gas: The poisonous gas, used domestically for cooking etc and formerly for lighting, prepared by heating coal with steam; it is a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide; sometimes synonymous with synthesis gas or town gas.
diplopia: An ophthalmologic condition where one perceives two images; double vision.
underjaw: the lower part of the jaw
frosting: Icing, a sweet, often creamy and thick, covering for cakes and other baked goods.
frosting: A layer of frost.
frosting: The theft of a car while it is left unattended, especially when its engine is left running in the winter to defrost the car.
flyspeck: Housefly excrement, visible as a minuscule black dot.
flyspeck: Anything tiny or insignificant.
doorknob: A circular device attached to a door, the rotation of which permits the unlatching of the door.
doorknob: A stupid person.
downtime: The amount of time lost due to forces beyond one's control, such as the breakdown of machinery or a computer crash.
downtime: A period of time when work or other activity is less intense or stops.
downtime: A period of time set aside for relaxation and rest; leisure time, free time.
waza-ari: a throw in which the opponent is thrown with control and accuracy, but not to the extent of an ippon, or held on the back for between 20 and 25 seconds on the mat; the score of half a point awarded for this throw
headgate: A primary gate or valve at an aqueduct or other source that can be opened or closed to regulate the flow of water entering an irrigation system (of lesser gated canals and irrigation ditches).
headgate: A moveable framework designed to hold still the heads of cattle for various procedures.
upthrust: An upward thrust.
upthrust: Buoyancy.
upthrust: An upward movement of part of the Earth's crust.
flapjack: A pancake.
flapjack: A bar made of (though not limited to) rolled oats, butter, golden syrup, and brown sugar, baked in a tray.
casework: The work required to deal with cases in any profession where a "case" has a specific definition (e.g. legal, social work, planning, etc.).
clacking: A sound that clacks.
cast-off: Alternative spelling of castoff
backhaul: A return trip after delivery of cargo.
backhaul: The shipment of material to or through an area from which the material had previously been shipped.
backhaul: Travel to a destination via a further point, or a higher fare point, than the destination (higher intermediate point).
backhaul: Uncut program content that is transmitted point-to-point to an individual television or radio station, network or other receiving entity where it will be integrated into a finished show.
falconry: The sport of hunting by using trained birds of prey, especially falcons and hawks.
doorbell: A device on or adjacent to an outer door for announcing one's presence. It can be mechanical, directly sounding a bell, or a button that electrically sounds a chime or buzzer inside the building.
doorbell: A button that activates an electric doorbell.
Socratic: A follower of Socrates.
deep sea: The deeper part of the sea or ocean in which no light penetrates
deep sea: open sea (part of the sea out of sight of land)
duckweed: Any of several reduced floating aquatic plants in the subfamily Lemnoideae of the family Araceae.
grinning: The act or expression of one who grins.
boatload: Cargo or passengers that fill a boat.
boatload: A large quantity.
apparate: apparatus
bellying: A bulging, swelling or billowing shape; the act or state of bulging, swelling or billowing.
clapping: The action by which someone or something claps.
mingling: A mixture; a blending.
wringing: The act by which something is wrung.
bubbling: The action or motion of something that bubbles.
goalpost: One of the two vertical side poles of a goal.
goalpost: The tall Y-shaped upright, now usually of fiberglass, at either end of the playing field, through which a football must go in order for a field goal to be scored. (They were originally H-shaped, with one wooden post on either side.)
goalpost: A rule or target that is "moved" (changed) unfairly; see move the goalposts.
Tokyoite: An inhabitant or native of Tokyo.
omitting: An act of omission.
spitting: expectoration
spitting: An appearance on the surface of melted silver or platinum allowed to cool slowly, jets of oxygen forming small cones and sometimes throwing up drops of molten metal.
rescuing: The act of effecting a rescue.
crowding: The act by which somebody is crowded.
humbling: An event which causes humbleness; a set-down.
tapering: A tapered shape.
clicking: The sound or action of a click.
gas main: The conduit through which coal gas or natural gas is conveyed to users.
pricking: The act of piercing or puncturing with a sharp point.
pricking: A sensation that pricks,or causes sharp emotional pain.
pricking: The driving of a nail into a horse's foot so as to produce lameness.
pricking: A nicking.
pricking: The mark or trace left by a hare's foot; a prick.
pricking: The act of tracing a hare by its footmarks.
pricking: Dressing oneself for show; prinking.
puzzling: Time spent pondering something confusing.
scooping: The process or result of something being scooped.
scooping: A singing technique in which the singer begins by singing a note slightly below the desired pitch, and then slides up to it.
tracking: The act or process by which something is tracked.
tracking: A consistent adjustment of space between individual letters; letterspacing.
tracking: The division of pupils into separately taught groups by perceived ability level.
clasping: The act by which something is clasped.
drumming: The act of beating a drum.
drumming: A noise resembling that of a drum being beaten.
drumming: In many species of catfish, the sound produced by contraction of specialized sonic muscles with subsequent reverberation through the swim bladder.
babbling: a stage in child language acquisition, during which an infant appears to be experimenting with uttering sounds of language, but not yet producing any recognizable words
babbling: sounds produced by infant during the babbling period
babbling: Idle senseless talk; prattle.
babbling: A confused murmur, as of a stream.
foxglove: Digitalis, a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous biennials native to the Old World, certain of which are prized for their showy flowers. The drug digitalis or digoxin was first isolated from the plant.
crowning: A coronation.
crowning: The act of one who crowns (in various senses).
crowning: The stage of vaginal childbirth when the infant's head remains consistently visible at the vulva.
frowning: The act of giving a frown.
roasting: The act by which something is roasted.
roasting: A rebuke or reprimand (usually from the recipient's point of view).
scheming: The activity or practice of making secret or underhanded plans.
rumbling: A muted sound of complaint or discontent.
rumbling: A deep low noise.
pounding: An act in which something or someone is pounded.
pounding: An old-fashioned event to welcome someone (typically a new pastor) to a new community by bring gifts of storable food (a pound of coffee, flour, sugar, etc.) to help stock the pantry. It is somewhat similar to a “shower”.
haunting: A particular instance of haunting; a ghostly habitation.
bastardy: The condition of being illegitimate, of being born to an unmarried woman and man or as the fruit of adultery.
blocking: The act by which something is blocked; an obstruction.
blocking: The precise movement and positioning of actors in order to facilitate a performance (originally planned using miniature blocks).
blocking: Blocks used to support (a building, etc.) temporarily.
blocking: A feature that prevents a keyboard from registering multiple simultaneous keypresses that would cause ghosting.
commonty: A right to own land that is held in common between two or more people and under some servitudes.
commonty: Land.
feasting: A feast, or an occasion on which people or animals feast
slanting: The state or quality of being slanted.
sled dog: Any dog, such as a husky, that pulls a sled as part of a team.
hatching: A method of shading areas of a drawing or diagram with fine parallel lines.
hatching: A group of birds, reptiles, fish, insects, etc., which emerge from their eggs at the same time.
hatching: The act of an egg hatching, eclosion
hatching: Patterns used in construction drawings to represent various materials.
butchery: The cruel, ruthless killings of humans, as at a slaughterhouse.
butchery: An abattoir, a slaughterhouse.
butchery: The butchering of meat.
butchery: A disastrous effort, an atrocious failure.
butchery: A meat market
butchery: The stereotypical behaviors and accoutrements of being a butch lesbian.
blinding: The act of causing blindness.
blinding: A thin coat of sand or gravel used to fill holes in a new road surface.
blinding: A thin sprinkling of sand or chippings laid on a newly tarred surface.
reciting: A recitation.
deciding: The act of making a decision.
guarding: Tensing of the muscles, especially of the abdomen, in order to minimise the movement and agitation to the internal inflamed organs.
trailing: Fabric or other material that trails.
treading: The act of one who treads.
incoming: The act of coming in; arrival.
incoming: Enemy fire directed at oneself.
basketry: The process of weaving unspun vegetable fibers to make a basket.
basketry: Baskets collectively.
G string: Alternative spelling of G-string
watering: An act of watering, i.e. pouring water on something, or diluting a liquid.
watering: The art or process of giving a wavy, ornamental appearance to something.
plunging: An occurrence of putting or sinking under water or other fluid.
plunging: A headlong violent motion like that of a horse trying to throw its rider.
stifling: The act by which something is stifled.
new town: A planned community or urban development area.
new town: A town built to address housing shortages after World War II.
new town: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see new, town.
crooking: The act by which something is crooked.
scraping: The sound or action of something being scraped.
scraping: Something removed by being scraped.
scraping: Automated collection of data, data scraping.
rhamnose: A methyl-pentose, 6-deoxy-L-mannose, which occurs in the leaves and flowers of poison ivy and is a constituent of many plant glycosides.
vagrancy: the state of being a vagrant
forefoot: Either of the front feet of a quadruped.
forefoot: The front part of a person's foot.
forefoot: A piece of timber terminating the keel at the fore end, connecting it with the lower end of the stem.
gee pole: a sturdy pole, lashed to the side of a sled, and used for steering and support
fireside: The area near a domestic fire or hearth.
fireside: One's home.
fireside: Home life.
fireside: A supplementary meeting in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
rain man: An autistic, or mentally and/or socially impaired person.
rain man: A non-autistic or impaired person whose mannerisms are similar to such people.
rain man: An expert at something.
rain man: A man who is believed to have power to control the rain.
rain man: A spirit of the rain.
semblant: One's outward appearance.
econocar: An economy car.
scalawag: A rascal.
scalawag: A scrawny cow.
scalawag: Any white Southerner who supported the federal plan of Reconstruction after the American Civil War or who joined with the black freedmen and the carpetbaggers in support of Republican Party policies.
ring rat: A promiscuous person, often a young female, who attends professional wrestling events primarily to seek sexual liaisons with wrestlers and other performers.
selfhood: State of having a distinct identity, or being an individual distinct from others; individuality.
selfhood: The fully developed self; one's personality, character.
selfhood: The quality of being self-centered or egocentric; selfishness.
catering: The business of providing food and related services; foodservice.
catering: The business of providing such services for special occasions.
catering: The act of one who caters (to something).
selfsame: Chiefly preceded by the: precisely the same person or thing.
pistolet: A small pistol.
courting: courtship; amorous advances
enlisted: Those individuals who have enlisted in the military and who are not commissioned officers.
neighing: The sound made by a horse; an act or instance of the verb neigh.
blasting: A planned explosion, as in mining.
blasting: The act by which something is blasted, or blighted.
blasting: Administering full dosage of PEDs as opposed to lowering them during times of so-called cruising.
circling: A circular motion.
circling: The practice of sitting in a circle and taking turns to speak about one's emotions or experiences while the others listen, intended to be therapeutic or to strengthen relations within the group.
kidnaper: Alternative spelling of kidnapper
ribulose: a ketopentose whose phosphate derivatives participate in photosynthesis
chirping: The act, or an instance of, chirping.
bounding: The use of fire protection products within limits determined by scientific tests.
bounding: A boundary.
bounding: The act of one who bounds or leaps.
planking: A series of planks; a group of planks.
planking: The practice of lying face down with arms to the sides, in unusual public spaces, and taking photographs to record the act.
carrycot: A rectangular, box-shaped bed with handles, in which a baby can be carried while asleep.
stoplist: Alternative spelling of stop list
xanthein: The water-soluble part of the yellow carotenoid pigment present in the cell sap of some plants.
creaming: A cookery technique in which fat and sugar are mixed together with the incorporation of air to form a cream.
creaming: The act by which something is creamed.
Dopp kit: A small leather bag containing a man's grooming tools, such as razor, shaving cream, comb, nail clippers, scissors, toothbrush, toothpaste, and cologne
flogging: Infliction of punishment by dealing blows or whipping.
churmuri: A light snack food made from puffed rice seasoned with onions, spices, pepper, etc.
intranet: A private computer network, typically one that uses the protocols of the Internet.
Sinicism: Chinese culture or custom
Sinicism: A Chinese word or phrase that has entered another language
warhorse: Any horse used in horse-cavalry, but especially one bearing an armoured knight.
warhorse: An experienced person who has been through many battles, situations or contests; someone who has given long service.
warhorse: A regularly revived theatrical or musical work, as with Hamlet or a Beethoven symphony, or as excerpts thereto. May imply that the work in question has become hackneyed.
pillhead: A person who habitually takes tranquilizers, amphetamines, barbiturates, etc. in pill or capsule form.
floryshe: Obsolete form of flourish.
floryshe: In the Association for Renaissance Martial Arts, an unstructured practice routine of guard transitions, cuts, thrusts, slices and parries with appropriate footwork; an expression of techniques already learned in an original way.
eventide: evening
chubasco: A violent squall with thunder and lightning, encountered during the rainy season along the Pacific coast of Central America and South America.
pre-game: Alternative spelling of pregame
chiefdom: An area or region governed by a chief.
chiefdom: A society larger than a tribe, but smaller or simpler than a state.
bloedite: Alternative spelling of blödite
banknote: A piece of currency made of paper or polymer.
banknote: A promissory note issued by a bank, payable at a given time to a specific beneficiary.
burkeite: An evaporite, consisting of mixture of sodium carbonate and sodium sulphate with the chemical formula Na₆(CO₃)(SO₄)₂, found at Searles Lake, California.
kung pao: A Sichuan dish of chicken, pork, etc. with peanuts, chilis etc.
Reichism: The philosophy or beliefs of controversial Austrian psychologist Wilhelm Reich.
epsomite: An evaporite, consisting of magnesium sulphate, also found in fumaroles, with the chemical formula MgSO₄·7H₂O.
shortite: An evaporite, consisting of a mixed sodium and calcium carbonate, with the chemical formula Na₂Ca₂(CO₃)₃.
rinneite: An evaporite, consisting of mixed potassium, sodium and ferrous chloride, K₃NaFe²⁺Cl₆.
ergative: Ellipsis of ergative case (“a grammatical case used to indicate the agent of a transitive verb in ergative-absolutive languages”).
ergative: An ergative verb or other expression.
conation: The power or act which directs or impels to effort of any kind, whether muscular or psychical.
linalool: A monoterpene alcohol found in many essential oils.
sodamide: sodium amide
soda lye: sodium hydroxide
good guy: A hero, particularly a protagonist in a story.
good guy: An all-around pleasant person; usually a man.
opificer: A person who creates or makes something.
disulfur: Two atoms of sulfur in a compound.
disulfur: A diatomic molecule of sulfur, S₂
cynicism: A distrustful attitude.
cynicism: An emotion of jaded negativity, or a general distrust of the integrity or professed motives of other people. Cynicism can manifest itself by frustration, disillusionment and distrust in regard to organizations, authorities and other aspects of society, often due to previous bad experience. Cynics often view others as motivated solely by disguised self-interest.
cynicism: A skeptical, scornful or pessimistic comment or act.
sportive: Synonym of cyclosportive
veganist: A vegan.
veganist: A vegan activist, one who campaigns for change regarding animal rights and vegan issues.
tenderer: One who tenders (a bid, a contract, etc.).
raindrop: A single droplet of rainwater that has just fallen or is falling from the sky.
fire air: oxygen
pure air: oxygen
débutant: A male who débuts.
slurring: A slur mark in music.
slurring: An instance of slurring in speech, heartbeat, etc.
senorita: Alternative form of señorita, the character ñ being very rarely used in English.
dolomite: An evaporite consisting of a mixed calcium and magnesium carbonate, with the chemical formula CaMg(CO₃)₂; it also exists as the rock dolostone.
alehouse: A business, such as an inn or tavern, where ale is sold.
creampie: Alternative spelling of cream pie.
creampie: Semen visibly displayed after ejaculation in the vagina or anus.
papillon: A small dog of a certain breed having large ears.
cyclical: stock of a cyclical company; commonly in plural: cyclicals
conjuror: Alternative spelling of conjurer
conjuror: One bound by a common oath with others.
clubmoss: Alternative spelling of club moss
sulfuryl: the divalent radical and functional group SO₂=
sulfuret: A sulfide.
ninjitsu: Alternative form of ninjutsu
aeronaut: A person who travels through the air in an airship or balloon.
troubler: One who, or that which, troubles; a disturber.
sulfonal: A sulfone, derived from acetone and ethyl mercaptan, that is used as a mild hypnotic.
bogosity: The state or degree of being bogus.
bogosity: Something that is bogus.
daftness: Property of being daft.
daftness: Something that is daft.
hovering: The act of one who hovers.
thraldom: Alternative spelling of thralldom
sapropel: An aquatic sludge-like sediment rich in organic matter formed in oxygen-free areas at the bottom of lakes, seas etc.
darkling: A creature that lives in the dark.
darkling: Darkness.
bong hit: The inhalation of marijuana smoke through a bong.
spamming: The act of sending unwanted electronic mail.
birdlime: A sticky substance smeared on branches to catch birds.
birdlime: Time; a jail term, the serving of a prison sentence.
keyframe: A single frame in an animation sequence drawn by an artist, between which others are tweened.
keyframe: A complete video frame, used as a reference for subsequent interframes in video compression.
lomcevak: An aerobatic flying maneuvre in which the pilot follows a knife-edge roll by flipping the airplane end-over-end and into a spin, from which the pilot then recovers control of the airplane.
despisal: Contempt; scornful hatred.
nerveway: An axon.
shadchen: marriage broker, matchmaker
peak oil: The peak of the Earth's oil production.
big beat: A form of pop music having distorted breakbeats at a moderate tempo.
seamount: An underwater mountain with a prominence of more than 1,000 metres, which does not breach the water's surface.
respirer: An organism that respires.
Hagueite: A supporter of William Hague, or his economic or political policies.
hattrick: Alternative spelling of hat trick; three goals in one game.
trahison: Treason.
no score: In a sporting event, a score of zero to zero.
plethron: A former Greek unit of length equal to 100 Greek feet (podes).
pharming: The use of genetic engineering to alter an animal or plant in order to make it produce a pharmaceutical or similar product
pharming: The redirection of traffic for one website to another, with intent to deceive.
mealtime: The appointed time at which a meal is served or eaten.
must-see: Anything unmissably good, such as a film or television programme or a tourist attraction.
Alphonso: Synonym of Alphonso mango
web-page: Alternative spelling of web page
lightbox: A box containing a source of light and a white, translucent cover, used to view photographic transparencies.
lightbox: A box containing fluorescent tubes or LED technology, used to treat people with seasonal affective disorder (SAD) and circadian rhythm disorders.
lightbox: A kind of pop-up that is overlaid across a web page while the rest of the content is dimmed.
lightbox: A backbox.
lightbox: A device used in phreaking that indicates when a telephone line is in use by means of a light.
dumbarse: A stupid person.
exospore: The outer layer of a spore, especially in some algae and fungi.
proposer: Someone who proposes; someone who makes a proposal. agent noun of propose
flirting: A flirtation.
serology: The science that studies the blood serum, and especially the reaction between antigens and antibodies in serum.
serology: The characteristics of the blood serum in a particular disease or organism.
serology: A blood test to detect the presence of, and often to measure the amount of, various components of the serum (such as electrolytes, antibodies, and antigens).
exotoxin: Any toxin secreted by a microorganism into the surrounding environment.
shunning: The act by which something is shunned; avoidance.
blogzine: An online magazine in blog format.
hair gel: A hairstyling product in gel form that hardens the hair, so it stays in a certain hairstyle.
spiritus: A breathing.
spiritus: An aspirate.
spiritus: Any spirituous preparation.
whackjob: A crazy, possibly dangerous, person.
barathea: A soft fabric, made from various combinations of wool, silk and cotton, with a lightly ribbed surface.
quilting: A layer or layers of quilted padding.
quilting: A coating of strands of rope for a water vessel.
quilting: The practice of creating quilts
sideband: The band of frequencies each side of the frequency of a carrier wave; formed as a result of modulation of the carrier.
shunting: The connection of an electrical component in parallel with another, the current being divided between them.
shunting: The manipulation of railway rolling stock into different combinations or onto different tracks.
shunting: Arbitrage conducted between certain local markets without the necessity of the exchange involved in foreign arbitrage.
arsewipe: Toilet paper.
arsewipe: A useless or annoying person.
endorsee: The person to whom something is transferred by endorsement.
mortuary: A place where dead bodies are stored prior to burial or cremation.
mortuary: A sort of ecclesiastical heriot, a customary gift claimed by, and due to, the minister of a parish on the death of a parishioner.
siderite: a widespread brown mineral, FeCO₃, having the structure of calcite
siderite: an iron meteorite
siderite: An indigo-blue variety of quartz.
siderite: magnetic iron ore; lodestone
squidger: The round disk used to play winks in the game of tiddlywinks.
squidger: Someone who squidges a wink in the game of tiddlywinks.
ectosarc: The ectoplasm of an amoeba and similar protozoa
ectomere: Any of the blastomeres from which the ectoderm forms
blastoff: The countdown and launch of a rocket, missile or spacecraft
triploid: A triploid cell.
triploid: A triploid organism.
dimethyl: (in combination) Two methyl groups in a molecule.
torching: An act of arson.
torching: A way of catching fish at night with torchlight and spear.
hibiscus: A flowering plant of the genus Hibiscus, especially Hibiscus syriacus, found in tropical to temperate regions, of some species used for making infusions/tea.
hibiscus: A cocktail made with champagne and cranberry juice.
endocarp: The woody inner layer of the pericarp of some fruits that contains the seed.
bonehead: Someone who is stubborn, thick-skulled, or stupid.
leeching: A medical treatment using leeches.
thermite: A mixture of a metal and a metal oxide capable of producing a thermite reaction, such as aluminium metal and ferric oxide; used in incendiary devices.
colewort: A plant of the genus Brassica; now specifically, a Brassica plant without a head used for food, such as kale.
entrepot: Alternative spelling of entrepôt
sonobuoy: A buoy that sends a radio signal when it detects the sound of underwater objects (such as submarines).
amoretto: A cupid or putto (representation of a naked baby or small child, often with wings).
amoretto: A love poem.
amoretto: A male sweetheart, lover.
Maghrebi: A native or inhabitant of the Maghreb.
adi-guru: The "first spiritual master" of a disciplic succession.
occupier: One who occupies, particularly with respect to a foreign government controlling the territory of another.
photo op: A photo opportunity.
goldmine: Alternative spelling of gold mine
shipworm: Any of several wormlike marine molluscs (not true worms) of the family Teredinidae that bore through the wooden hulls of ships and other woody material immersed in salt water; specifically, the naval shipworm or turu (Teredo navalis), the type species of the genus Teredo.
needling: A needy person.
needling: The act of one who needles or annoys.
duathlon: An athletic contest consisting of running and cycling.
jingling: The sound made by something that jingles.
jingling: An old parlour game in which blindfolded players within a ring attempted to catch another player to whom a bell was tied.
jangling: A jangle, the sounds of a jangle.
spiculum: A thrusting javelin used by Romans that replaced the pilum in the late 3rd century.
spiculum: A sharp, pointed crystal, especially of ice.
spiculum: A sharp, needle-like structure, especially those making up the skeleton of a sponge.
spiculum: A small radial emission of gas seen in the chromosphere and corona of the sun.
deriding: An act of derision.
helmsman: A member of a ship's crew who is responsible for steering.
helmsman: A leader.
profonde: A secret pocket in a magician's coat, used in vanishing tricks etc.
quacking: The sound made by a group of ducks; quacks.
publique: Obsolete form of public.
folktale: A tale or story that is part of the oral tradition of a people or a place.
phimosis: A contraction of the foreskin (either as a stage of development or a pathological condition), which prevents it from being retracted.
niceness: Silliness; folly.
niceness: Effeminacy; indulgence in soft living or luxuriousness.
niceness: Shyness; reserve.
niceness: Fastidiousness; fine sensitivity.
niceness: Pleasantness, especially of behaviour or personality; agreeableness.
niceness: A value determining how much processor time to concede to a running process. (See also nice (verb), renice.)
layabout: A lazy person.
write-in: A candidate whose name is not listed on the ballot.
write-in: A vote made for a candidate of this kind.
paratope: That part of the molecule of an antibody that binds to an antigen
writhing: A twisting struggle.
soughing: A rushing, rustling sound.
ciabatta: A broad, flat, white Italian bread.
leftwing: Alternative spelling of left wing
wardroom: The living quarters of a ship designated for the commissioned officers other than the captain.
wardroom: The commissioned officers of a ship, excluding the captain.
molehill: A small mound of earth created by a mole's burrowing underneath the surface of the ground.
aeration: The process by which air is circulated through or mixed with a substance such as soil or a liquid.
aeration: By extension, a process in which other gases (such as carbon dioxide or nitrogen or argon) are circulated through or mixed with a substance (usually liquid), sometimes with the consequence of increasing the transfer of air into the same liquid at the surface due to the induced circulation.
organdie: Alternative spelling of organdy
entrepôt: A city, port, or other place where merchandise is sent for import, processing, distribution, and/or export, especially one where such merchandise is exempt from some customs duties; hence, a commercial centre.
entrepôt: The temporary storage of merchandise, especially for subsequent distribution or export.
entrepôt: A depot or warehouse for temporarily storing merchandise.
ataraxia: Tranquility of mind; absence of mental disturbance.
surreply: An additional reply to a motion filed after the motion has already been fully briefed.
forestay: A stay that extends from the top of the foremast to the bow or bowsprit of a sailing ship
mainmast: The tallest mast of a sailing ship that has more than one mast; particularly a full-rigged ship.
mainmast: The second-foremost mast of a non-sailing ship with more than one mast.
albinism: Congenital lack of melanin pigmentation in the skin, eyes, and hair or feathers (or more rarely only in the eyes); the condition of being albino.
precinct: An enclosed space having defined limits, normally marked by walls.
precinct: The general area surrounding a place, environs.
precinct: A pedestrianized and uncovered shopping area.
precinct: A subdivision of a city under the jurisdiction of a specific group of police; the police station situated in that district.
precinct: A subdivision of a city or other locality for the purposes of voting and representation in local government. In cities, precincts may be grouped into wards.
precinct: A district over which someone or some body of people has control in general; province, sphere of control.
precinct: A surrounding boundary or limit.
crickets: Used alone or in metaphorically descriptive phrases: absolute silence; no communication.
bottomry: An early form of maritime contract in which the owner of a ship could borrow money using the ship as collateral.
paraquat: A poisonous yellow herbicide derived from bipyridine
lagering: The stage in the manufacture of a lager beer when it is stored at a low temperature for maturing and clarification
sea-weed: Alternative spelling of seaweed
airiness: The quality of being airy.
airiness: The quality of being light in quality or manner.
airiness: insubstantiality
chinkara: Gazella bennettii, a species of gazelle found in India, Pakistan and Iran
mahjongg: Alternative spelling of mahjong
ashplant: An ash sapling.
ashplant: A walking stick.
ashplant: A stick kept for administering corporal punishment, a cane.
snipping: The act by which something is snipped or cut.
snipping: A piece cut off; a clipping.
flitting: gerund of flit: the motion of something that flits.
flitting: The act of moving from one residence to another; moving house.
twincest: incestuous sexual relations between twins, or siblings who look very similar.
adulator: One who lavishes excessive praises or flattery; one who adulates.
mah-jong: Alternative spelling of mahjong
aigrette: A feather or plume, or feather-shaped item, used as an adornment or ornament.
aigrette: The lesser white heron.
aigrette: The feathery crown of some seeds (such as the dandelion).
cachalot: The sperm whale.
Moldovan: An inhabitant of the Republic of Moldova.
isochore: In general, a place or position with relevant parameters matching other places, as in having the same pressure, chemistry, population etc. Even within a single discipline the parameter might vary according to convenience e.g. in physics alone it might refer to velocity, volume, gravity, and many more. cf. contour, isopleth.
isochore: A line drawn on a graph showing the variation of the pressure of a constant volume of gas as it varies with temperature.
isochore: A contour showing points of equal vertical thickness of strata; equal to an isopach if strata are horizontal.
isochore: A sequence of DNA that has a reasonably constant proportion of pairs of guanine and cytosine bases, and is rich in genes.
wormseed: An aromatic tropical plant (Dysphania ambrosioides, syn. Chenopodium ambrosioides) that yields an anthelmintic oil
wormseed: Santonica or Levant wormseed (Seriphidium cinum, syn. Artemisia cina), an Asian plant related to wormwood.
propenal: The compound acrolein.
nonrigid: An airship that maintains its shape only by internal gas pressure.
photomap: a map made by the superimposition of aerial photographs onto grid lines, contours and other normal map features
enlarger: Any device that makes something bigger, or makes it appear bigger.
enlarger: An optical device used to make enlarged prints from a photographic negative
enlarger: One who enlarges.
nepotist: One who engages in nepotism.
acrolein: A pungent, acrid, poisonous liquid aldehyde, CH₂=CH-CH=O, made by the destructive distillation of glycerol.
affiance: Faith, trust.
affiance: A solemn engagement, especially a pledge of marriage.
hack saw: Alternative spelling of hacksaw
outbound: An outbound shipment.
photopia: Normal daylight vision, in which the cone cells are used.
cyclamen: Any of various flowering plants, of the genus Cyclamen, widely cultivated as a houseplant, having decorative leaves and solitary flowers.
photoset: A set of photographs.
two shot: A scene shot with the camera positioned to observe two actors.
sleeking: A process of making smooth or glossy.
pennorth: Alternative form of pennyworth
aquanaut: An underwater explorer.
seatbelt: Alternative spelling of seat belt
Galilean: A native or resident of Galilee.
Galilean: A zealous follower of Judas of Galilee, who fiercely resented the taxation of the Romans, and whose violence contributed to induce the latter to vow the extermination of the whole race.
Galilean: A Christian.
faceting: An arrangement into facets.
alleyway: A narrow street formed by the proximity of adjacent buildings.
alleyway: A passage between two rows of cabins in a ship.
vindaloo: A blend of chilis, tamarind, ginger, cumin, and mustard seeds, originally from Goa.
vindaloo: A hot curry made with this spice.
alarmist: One who causes others to become alarmed without cause.
venation: The hunting of wild animals.
venation: The arrangement of veins in a leaf, wing, or similar structure.
vendible: Anything that can be bought and sold.
snuffbox: A small box or container to hold snuff or loose tobacco.
violator: One who violates (a rule, a boundary, another person's body, etc.); offender
violator: In the publishing and packaging industries, a visual element that intentionally "violates" the underlying design, such as a starburst, color bar or "splat" on a product package or magazine cover intended to attract special attention.
duchesse: A French duchess.
duchesse: Ellipsis of duchesse lace.
duchesse: Obsolete spelling of duchess
tailback: A line of motor vehicles causing or the result of traffic congestion or a traffic jam.
tailback: A running back or halfback who lines up furthest to the rear in an I formation.
manciple: A person in charge of purchasing and storing food and other provisions in a monastery, college, or court of law.
manpower: The total number of all available workers; the workforce.
manpower: The power exerted by a single person (analogous to horsepower.)
larrikin: A brash and impertinent, possibly violent, troublemaker, especially a youth; a hooligan.
larrikin: A high-spirited person who playfully rebels against authority and conventional norms.
moonwalk: An exploration of the Moon's surface on foot (by an astronaut).
moonwalk: A dance move in which the dancer slides backwards though the feet move as if walking forwards; the backslide.
moonwalk: A dance style in which the dancer appears to be moving in a low gravity environment.
one foot: A trick with one foot free from the bindings; instead it is placed beside the rear binding and boned far away from the board during airtime.
postface: a piece of text, containing information normally included in a preface, placed at the back of a publication
cetology: The branch of zoology concerned with the order Cetacea, which includes whales, dolphins, and porpoises.
suburbia: The suburbs as a whole and all that characterizes or pertains to them; (sometimes derogatory) the suburbs as encapsulated or represented by the typical characteristics or qualities of the people living there, especially complacency, conformity, conservativeness, dullness, etc.
retifism: The sexual fetish of attraction to shoes.
warrigal: A wild dingo.
warrigal: A wild horse
cuntline: Alternative form of contline
contline: The spiral groove between the strands of a rope.
contline: The space between casks stowed side by side.
thrapple: The throat, especially the gullet or windpipe.
golfball: Alternative spelling of golf ball
golfball: The IBM Selectric typewriter
updating: The act by which something is updated.
behaving: Behaviour.
drumline: A group of percussionists in a marching band.
syllabub: A drink dating back to the 16th century consisting primarily of milk curdled with an alcoholic beverage or some acid such as lemon juice, which is usually then sweetened and spiced.
syllabub: A dessert pudding derived from the drink.
syllabub: Something lacking substance; something frothy, insubstantial, or lightweight.
anaerobe: An anaerobic organism; one that does not require oxygen to sustain its metabolic processes.
richness: The state or quality of being rich; wealthiness, wealth, riches.
richness: The state of having many examples or cases; abundance; profusion.
richness: The number of types in a community.
richness: The result or product of being rich.
listello: An architectural fillet, a tile border or listel
sunbathe: A sunbathing session: a sunbath.
patronus: Alternative letter-case form of Patronus.
batterie: A brilliant display of virtuosity in which the dancer's legs open and close rapidly while in the air, with the illusion of striking together and rebounding.
batterie: The percussion section of an orchestra or band, the battery; marching instruments in a drumline, as opposed to the pit.
lairiser: A vulgar and flashy person.
pignolia: A pine nut; the edible seed of a pine tree.
idolator: Alternative spelling of idolater
holdover: Something left behind, saved or remaining from an earlier time.
holdover: The distance (at target) by which a rifle scope is aimed higher than the intended point of impact in order to compensate for bullet drop over the distance to the target.
tafferel: A carved panel.
tafferel: The flat upper part of a ship's stern above the transom, often decorated with carvings.
tafferel: The taffrail.
flameout: The act of flaming out or burning out; extinguishing.
flameout: The act of quitting or failing, especially due to overwork or in a dramatic manner.
flameout: The sudden extinguishing of the flame of a burner (due to obstruction of fuel or airflow).
antihero: A protagonist who proceeds in an unheroic manner, such as by criminal means, via cowardly actions, or for mercenary goals.
shake-up: Alternative spelling of shakeup
wildfowl: Any wild bird such as ducks, geese or swans.
wildfowl: Waterfowl.
ninnyism: predisposition to act like a ninny
overrate: An excessive estimate or rate.
skirling: A small trout or salmon.
skirling: A shrill cry or sound; a crying shrilly; a skirl.
fishtail: The tail of a fish, or an object resembling this.
fishtail: The skidding of the back of a vehicle from side to side.
fishtail: A kind of chisel with a flared blade.
fishtail: Short for fishtail palm.
canoeing: A water sport involving travelling or racing in canoes or kayaks.
homeroom: A classroom where school pupils of the same age gather for registration, or for other purposes that are unrelated to class content.
homeroom: The collection of pupils who gather in such a room.
octarchy: A group of eight states.
octarchy: A government of eight people.
sphexide: Any wasp of the genus Sphex; the digger wasp
run-down: Alternative form of run down
ribaldry: Joking or humorous language or behaviour used in a vulgar or lewd fashion.
figurine: A small carved or molded figure; a statuette.
falconer: A person who breeds or trains hawks or other birds of prey for taking birds or game.
falconer: One who follows the sport of fowling with hawks.
eclipsis: An omission of words needed to fully express the sense of a phrase
eclipsis: A line or dash used to show that text has been omitted
eclipsis: A mutation of the initial sound of a word by which voiceless sounds become voiced, voiced stops become nasal consonants, and vowels acquire a prothetic nasal consonant: see Appendix:Irish mutations.
corpsman: A hospital corpsman.
corpsman: An enlisted person in the U.S. Army who works as a field medic.
corpsman: A military medic.
espalier: A latticework used to shape or train the branches of a tree or shrub into a two-dimensional ornamental or useful design, as along a wall or fence.
espalier: A plant that has been shaped in this manner.
espalier: A row of plants that have been shaped in this manner.
venogram: An X-ray of a vein that has been injected with an opaque material
winnower: a person who winnows
winnower: a form of fan or basket used for winnowing
hand job: The act of using the hands to stimulate another person's penis.
tailcoat: A formal evening jacket with an extended back panel; a dress coat.
tailcoat: Any coat with similar tails.
embattle: A merlon, or a single one of the series of solid projections of a battlement.
lordosis: An excessive backwards curvature of the spine, causing a hollow in the back.
lordosis: A body posture of some female mammals, indicating receptivity to copulation. It involves lowering of the forelimbs but with the rear limbs extended and hips raised, ventral arching of the spine and a raising, or sideward displacement, of the tail.
confetto: A single piece of confetti; singular of confetti.
foot job: A sexual act where the genitalia are stimulated by someone's feet.
tit fuck: The stimulation of the penis by someone's breasts, usually until the point of ejaculation.
udometer: A rain gauge.
queefing: gerund of queef
banditry: Acts characteristic of a bandit; armed robbery.
concetto: Affected wit; a witty turn of phrase; a conceit.
bankroll: A roll of banknotes or other paper currency, carried in lieu of a wallet.
bankroll: The monetary assets of a person or organization.
Lezghian: A person who belongs to this group.
sufferer: One who suffers.
sufferer: One who is afflicted.
spilling: The act of dropping or spreading out of a fluid or particles.
spilling: The action of spreading out in the manner of a fluid.
sennight: A period of seven consecutive days and nights; a week.
sennight: Preceded by a specified day such as Sunday, today, or yesterday: a week from (either before or after) the specified day.
sennight: Preceded by a specified day and come: a week after the specified day.
sennight: Preceded by a specified day and gone or was: a week before the specified day.
animator: One who animates something; one who brings something to life or the appearance of life.
animator: One who creates an animation or cartoon; a cartoonist.
ringdove: the wood pigeon
narrower: One who, or that which, narrows.
sourwood: A North American deciduous shrubby tree, of the genus Oxydendrum, having deep fissures in its bark, and sour-tasting leaves.
sourwood: An Australian tree, of the genus Hibiscus; the sorrel tree.
barrette: A clasp or clip for gathering and holding the hair.
barrette: Synonym of katepimeron.
nuclease: Any of several enzymes capable of cleaving the phosphodiester bonds between the nucleotide subunits of nucleic acids.
gustable: Something edible.
ambulant: A patient who is able to walk.
doubling: The process or an instance of making something double; a multiplication by two. [from c.]
doubling: The process or an instance of making something double; a multiplication by two.
doubling: The act of turning around, or doubling back. [from c.]
doubling: The act of turning around, or doubling back.
doubling: A pleat or fold. [from c.]
doubling: A pleat or fold.
doubling: A trick; double-dealing.
inlaying: An inlaid pattern.
analyzer: an instrument for the analysis of something
analyzer: a person who analyzes
analyzer: a type of polarizer
thumbing: The act by which something is thumbed.
devourer: One who devours.
panzoist: one who believes in panzoism.
disputer: One who disputes.
panzoism: Belief that the entire universe is a living thing, or is suffused with life.
halloumi: A traditional cheese from Cyprus, made from goat's and/or sheep's milk.
oak gall: A gall produced by an oak by a wasp larva.
balancer: One who, or that which, balances.
balancer: An acrobat.
balancer: Any of the rear wings of certain insects used for stability in flight.
pacifism: The support of peace, specifically:
pacifism: The conviction that it is morally wrong to settle disputes (especially between countries) by war or other violent means.
pacifism: The support of peace, specifically:
pacifism: The ethical avoidance of inflicting harm on others in one's daily life.
pacifism: The support of peace, specifically:
pacifism: The combination of the above two philosophical viewpoints.
pacifism: The additional challenge of winning a game without harming any enemy characters.
stroller: A seat or chair on wheels, pushed by somebody walking behind it, typically used for transporting babies and young children.
stroller: One who strolls.
stroller: A vagrant.
stroller: Men's semiformal daytime dress comprising a grey or black single- or double-breasted coat, grey striped or checked formal trousers, a grey or silver necktie, and a grey, black or buff waistcoat.
sunspace: An especially sunny room or other area
sunspace: A sunroom
lobation: The quality of having lobes.
lobation: The growth, or formation of lobes.
lobation: A lobe, or something shaped like a lobe.
have not: Alternative form of have-not
have-not: A poor or underprivileged person.
have-not: One who does not have some (contextually specified) thing.
felching: Action of the verb to felch.
subspace: A subset of a space which is a space in its own right.
subspace: Any (often unspecified) method of communicating or travelling faster than light speed.
subspace: An alternative dimension or universe, access to or use of which permits faster-than-light travel or communications; hyperspace.
subspace: The psychological state of the submissive or "bottom" during sadomasochistic activity.
spandril: Alternative spelling of spandrel
eliasite: A deprecated name for gummite.
tressure: A narrow border near the edge of a shield or banner.
cresting: An ornamental finish on the top of a wall or ridge of a roof.
newlywed: A recently married person.
aegilops: An ulcer or fistula in the inner angle of the eye.
aegilops: The goatgrass (Aegilops spp.) or other grass found as a corn-weed.
euthymia: A normal, nondepressed, reasonably positive mood; serenity
arrestee: a person who is under arrest.
antipode: Something directly opposite or diametrically opposed.
mousepad: Alternative spelling of mouse pad
elliptic: An elliptical function, equation, path, etc.
enhancer: Something that enhances.
enhancer: A short region of DNA that can increase transcription of genes
decoding: An instance of the translation of something into a form more suitable for subsequent processing.
deviance: Actions or behaviors that violate formal and informal cultural norms such as laws and customs.
deviance: A person or thing that differs from the expected.
browsing: A place abounding with shrubs where animals may browse.
ignoring: The act by which something is ignored.
comparer: One who, or that which, compares.
pannikin: A durable cup or other vessel used for drinking made of metal and coated in enamel.
pannikin: The contents of such a vessel.
qaimaqam: Alternative spelling of kaymakam
ferrying: The act by which something is ferried.
keypunch: A mechanical device whose keys are pressed, individually or in combination, to punch holes in punched cards or paper tape that correspond to particular characters.
keypunch: An electric machine with a keyboard that has the same function.
kielbasi: Alternative spelling of kielbasa
pollster: A professional who conducts or analyzes opinion polls.
benching: An instance of a person being removed temporarily from an active role in a group or team activity.
kingship: The dignity, rank or office of a king; the state of being a king.
kingship: A monarchy.
kingship: The territory or dominion of a king; a kingdom.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: An Ottoman official who acted as grand vizier and governor of Constantinople during any absence or illness of the incumbent.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: An Ottoman official who acted as beylerbey of Egypt between regular appointments.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: An Ottoman official who acted as hospodar of Moldavia or Wallachia during any absence or illness of the incumbent.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: A lieutenant colonel in the Ottoman or early Turkish army, replaced by the rank of yarbay.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: Synonym of sanjakbey during the mid-19th century.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: An Ottoman official who oversaw a kaza during the late 19th and early 20th centuries; similar positions in Ottoman successor states.
kaymakam: A lieutenant or deputy in various Turkish contexts, particularly
kaymakam: A local administrator in Turkey, Northern Cyprus, Iraq, and Lebanon.
barangay: The smallest local government unit in the Philippines, a subdivision of a city or municipality.
barangay: Alternative form of balangay (“type of boat”)
kiss-off: A dismissal.
hot-flue: a chamber, heated by a fire, used for drying
hot wave: a heat wave
hot-head: Alternative spelling of hothead
hot with: A drink of hot spirits with sugar and water.
Vegliote: The northern dialect of Dalmatian, spoken on the island of Veglia.
Biosteel: A fibrous material, having a structure similar to spider silk, produced from the milk of transgenic goats
evo-devo: Abbreviation of evolutionary developmental biology.
rim shot: Alternative spelling of rimshot
justness: the state of being just; fairness
jocosity: The state of being jocose.
jocosity: A jocose utterance.
geocache: A container hidden in a specific location during geocaching.
penstock: A sluice or pipe which allows the controlled flow of water from behind a dam, typically routing it to a turbine of a power plant.
penstock: The barrel of a wooden pump.
wobbling: The motion of something that wobbles.
preceder: One who precedes.
auxiliar: An auxiliary.
joyrider: A person who goes on a joyride
Padanian: A native or inhabitant of Padania
Padanian: A person who supports the independence of this region
e-tailer: A company that does business via electronic media, especially via the Internet
dust bin: Alternative spelling of dustbin
phen-fen: Alternative form of fen-phen
junketer: Someone taking part in a junket or banquet etc; a partygoer.
clodpole: a stupid person; blockhead
alkenone: Any unsaturated aliphatic ketone
alkenone: Any long-chain di-, tri- and tetra- unsaturated methyl and ethyl ketones that are synthesized by a limited number of haptophyte microalgae; the degree of unsaturation is a function of the water temperature
blogging: The design and editing of a blog; weblogging.
M-theory: A generalized theory of eleven-dimensional supergravity that attempts to unify the five superstring theories
grassing: An area of grassland available as pasture for cattle.
grassing: The exposing of linen in fields to air and light for bleaching purposes.
fen-phen: A combination of the drugs fenfluramine and phentermine, formerly prescribed for weight loss.
e-ticket: A virtual ticket, especially for a flight, that is issued electronically.
extranet: A private computer network that uses Internet protocols and can be accessed by authorized individuals via the Internet.
jugglery: Witchcraft, sorcery; magical trickery, legerdemain.
jugglery: Trickery or deception in general, or an instance of such.
cutchery: Alternative spelling of cutcherry (administration office)
cutchery: A spice: kitchery.
cutchery: An Indian dish of rice boiled with split pulse, onions, eggs, butter, and condiments
cutchery: Alternative spelling of kedgeree (dish of fish, rice and eggs)
Macarena: A particular line dance with a set of simple arm movements and exaggerated hip motion performed to a fast Latin rhythm.
smacking: A series of smacks; the act by which somebody is smacked.
galabiya: Alternative spelling of djellaba
aplomado: Short for aplomado falcon.
dynamism: Great energy, drive, force, or power; vigour of body, mind or personality; oomph or pizzazz
dynamism: Dynamic reality; active energy; continuous change, progress, or activity.
dynamism: Any of several philosophical theories that attempt to explain the universe by an immanent force.
air rage: Aggressive, disruptive behaviour on an aircraft.
chopping: The action by which something is chopped.
arrastre: Alternative form of arrastra
arrastra: A device formerly used by gold-miners for grinding auriferous quartz, crudely resembling a mortar and pestle, with the crushing element dragged around by horse or mule.
clinkers: testicles
druggist: A manufacturer and vendor of drugs and medicines.
voracity: the state of being voracious; rapacity or extreme gluttony
affixing: affixation
pan-loaf: A loaf of bread baked in a tin or pan.
enabling: An act or an instance of something being enabled.
lurching: the action of the verb to lurch
backtalk: Verbal impudence or argumentative discourse, given in response.
oxidizer: An oxidizing agent, especially one used to oxidize the fuel of a rocket or a fuel cell.
blooding: A bleeding.
hounding: Pursuit, especially when persistent or relentless.
hounding: The part of a mast below the hounds and above the deck.
auxilian: A member of a group, typically composed of volunteers, that helps support a hospital.
ovenbird: Any of several birds
ovenbird: Originally, any of several small European birds that build dome-shaped nests; such as the long-tailed tit, willow warbler and chiffchaff.
ovenbird: Any of several birds
ovenbird: An American warbler, Seiurus aurocapilla, that builds such a nest of vegetation.
ovenbird: Any of several birds
ovenbird: Any bird of the Central and South America family Furnariidae.
stramash: A tumult or disturbance.
pericope: A section of text forming a coherent thought, suitable for use in a speech.
pericope: A passage of Scripture to be read in public worship or a book containing such passages.
cabriole: A type of furniture leg used in certain ornate styles of furniture such as Queen Anne, having a double curve resembling the leg of an animal.
aphrasia: Condition of being unable to speak.
nasality: The state or quality of being nasal.
namedrop: An instance of name-dropping.
crafting: The act by which something is crafted.
attaches: Alternative form of attachés
nascence: Birth.
nascence: Coming into being; inception, beginning.
teratoid: An abnormal tumor similar to a teratoma.
teratoid: A mutant.
hornwort: A bryophyte with a leafless thallus characterized by a dominant gametophyte stage of the life cycle and a sporophyte stage shaped like a horn.
capitule: A summary.
capitule: Synonym of chapter: a reading at one of the canonical hours.
capitule: The flowering head that terminates a stem, a flower or flower head.
chequeen: A gold coin formerly used in Italy and Turkey; a sequin.
text box: A block of printed text contained within borders that is intended to be read separately from the major text of the page.
text box: A rectangular widget that accepts textual input on an interactive electronic display.
clausure: The act of shutting up or confining; confinement.
scansion: The rhythm or meter of a line or verse.
scansion: The act of analysing the meter of poetry.
eyepiece: The lens (or the component containing a combination of lenses) at the eye end of a microscope or telescope by which the image is viewed.
consigne: A countersign; a watchword.
consigne: One who is ordered to keep within certain limits.
cooperad: One of a set of composed operads
consulta: An official meeting or consultation.
consulta: The meeting of a government council, especially of an Italian, Spanish, or Portuguese government or agency.
consulta: The minutes or report of such a government council.
conversa: a female converso
converso: A Jew or Muslim in Spain or Portugal who converted to Roman Catholicism under duress, particularly during the 14th and 15th centuries.
refugium: Any local environment that has escaped regional ecological change and therefore provides a habitat for endangered species.
refugium: A separate section of a fishtank that shares the same water supply, used for denitrification, plankton production, etc.
deposite: Obsolete spelling of deposit
eye-drop: Alternative form of eyedrop
hymnbook: A book containing a collection of hymns.
eyeglass: An artificial lens, especially one of a pair.
eyeglass: A monocle.
eyeglass: An eyepiece.
eyeglass: The lens of the eye.
eyeglass: attributive form of eyeglasses
hysteric: A hysterical person.
jet pack: A piece of equipment that may be strapped to a person’s back and generate vertical thrust by a downward discharge of jet fluid, thereby rendering the person capable of flight.
hymeneal: A hymn, song or poem in honour of a wedding.
quipster: a person who makes quips; a joker
generics: The use of templates etc. to create generic source code that can be used in many situations.
textiles: The industry involved in the manufacture of cloth.
textiles: The study of the manufacture of cloth.
swimmers: A swimsuit.
swimmers: sperms
prickles: gooseflesh
fucknuts: Alternative form of fucknut
escalado: Alternative form of escalade
escapado: Obsolete form of escapade.
toadflax: Any of several European plants, of the genus Linaria, having two-lipped yellow flowers.
toadflax: Any of several other plants in the family Plantaginaceae.
forzando: Alternative form of sforzando
whipcord: A hard, twisted cord used for making whiplashes.
whipcord: A type of catgut.
whipcord: A strong worsted fabric, with a diagonal rib.
whitecap: Any of several birds having a white patch on the head
whitecap: A wave having a white crest; a breaker
whitecap: A member of a self-appointed vigilante committee that carried out lynchings. Some early ones wore white hoods or masks.
uppercut: A swinging blow aimed upwards at the opponent's chin.
uppercut: A cut shot that sends the ball over the wicket-keeper's head.
whodunit: A novel or drama concerning a crime (usually a murder) in which a detective follows clues to determine the perpetrator.
whiteout: A heavy snowstorm; a blizzard.
whiteout: Any weather condition in which visibility and contrast are severely reduced by snow or sand causing the horizon and physical features of the terrain to disappear.
whiteout: Correction fluid (from the brand name Wite-Out).
whiteout: A sporting event where all in attendance are urged to wear white apparel.
whiteout: The simulated erasure of a file, etc. on a read-only volume.
whiteout: The suppression of a story by the media, analogously to deleting information with correction fluid.
whiteout: The silencing of voices and perspectives other than those of white men.
whitener: Any substance used to whiten something; a bleach.
whitener: A person employed to whiten or bleach.
whitener: A powder added to tea or coffee in place of milk. A "non-dairy creamer".
vapidity: The state or quality of being vapid; vapidness.
vibrancy: The quality of being vibrant.
con moto: A tempo mark directing that a passage is to be played "with motion"
con moto: A passage having this mark
macushla: My darling, my dear.
prancing: The act of one who prances.
valiance: The quality of being valiant; heroism, bravery or valour.
shedding: The act of shedding, separating, or casting off.
shedding: That which is shed, or cast off.
best boy: The first assistant to either the key grip (in charge of camera placement and movement) or the gaffer (in charge of lighting and electrics).
best boy: A reader or viewer's preferred male character.
renaming: An act in which something is renamed
vileness: the state of being vile
vileness: a vile act
viburnum: Any of many shrubs and trees, of the genus Viburnum, native to the Northern Hemisphere that have showy clusters of flowers.
waggoner: Alternative spelling of wagoner
coursing: The sport of chasing wild animals, especially hares, with dogs by sight rather than by scent.
virology: The branch of microbiology that deals with the study of viruses and viral diseases.
callaloo: Any of various tropical plants grown in the Americas, especially of the genera Amaranthus and Xanthosoma, cultivated for their edible leaves.
callaloo: A spicy soup or stew made from such leaves.
visitant: One who visits; a guest; a visitor.
visitant: A spectre or ghost.
visitant: A migratory bird that makes a temporary stop somewhere.
guessing: The act of making a guess; estimate or prediction; foresight.
modeller: Alternative spelling of modeler
castiron: Alternative spelling of cast iron
sneezing: The act of producing a sneeze.
megavolt: One million (10⁶) volts, abbreviated as MV.
favoring: The act or state by which one favors something; preference.
calavera: sugar skull
overfill: An instance of overfilling.
escapist: Someone who wants to escape; especially from reality
megawatt: One million (1 000 000) watts, abbreviated as MW.
Iroquois: A member of a confederacy of (originally) five Native American (Indian) tribes: the Mohawks, the Oneidas, the Onondagas, the Cayugas, and the Senecas. Also known as the Iroquois League.
Iroquois: A kind of hairdo where both sides of the head are shaved, leaving only a stripe of hair in the middle.
legitime: That portion of a parent's estate of which he cannot disinherit his children without a legal cause.
lockdown: The confinement of people in their own rooms (e.g., in a school) or cells (in a prison), or to their own homes or areas (e.g., in the case of a city- or nation-wide issue) as a security measure after or amid a disturbance or as a non-pharmaceutical intervention in a pandemic.
lockdown: A contrivance to fasten logs together in rafting.
warmness: the state of being warm; warmth
telocoel: A cavity in the telencephalon of an embryo.
mizithra: A Greek unpasteurized cheese made from sheep’s or goat’s milk.
kistvaen: A stone coffin in the form of a pit covered with earth and surrounded by stones.
washbowl: A sink in a bathroom, connected to a supply of water and a drain, in which one may wash one's face and hands.
washbowl: A basin for washing the face and hands; a washbasin.
waterbed: A bed with a tough plastic mattress filled with water.
telomere: Either of the sequences of DNA at each end of a eukaryotic chromosome.
terminer: The act of determining.
obsequie: Obsolete form of obsequy.
vetivert: Alternative form of vetiver (commonly the oil sense)
registre: Obsolete form of register.
reportee: One who, or that which, is reported
reposado: A tequila that has been aged in oak barrels for between two months and one year.
merismus: A metonymic term to describe a type of synecdoche in which two parts of a thing, perhaps contrasting or complementary parts, are made to stand for the whole.
polisher: A person who makes something smooth or shiny.
polisher: A tool that makes something smooth or shiny.
polisher: A machine that makes something smooth or shiny.
polisher: A person who refines something.
sancoche: A savoury stew of Trinidad and Tobago.
sancocho: A soup cooked with meat and starchy plants (such as roots or plantains), usually eaten for lunch.
separase: A cysteine protease responsible for triggering anaphase by hydrolysing cohesin.
Loegrian: An inhabitant of what is now England during the times of the Roman occupation, prior to the conquest by the Saxons.
outrance: The furthest degree or extremity, going beyond bounds or propriety.
vaticine: A prediction; a vaticination.
Jenglish: Japanese-influenced English, especially when nonstandard or ungrammatical.
waxiness: The quality of being waxy
weakener: a person who, or thing that weakens
waviness: The quality of being wavy; the extent to which something is wavy.
waviness: A tendency to form waves or curls.
pakalolo: Cannabis marihuana; dagga; ganja; the flowers of the hemp plant, used as smoking material in cigarettes or pipes.
pakalolo: A habitual smoker of cannabis.
weakfish: Any of several species of game fish, of the genus Cynoscion, found in North American waters.
ski jump: The ramp used in the sport of ski jumping
ski jump: A course prepared for ski jumping.
ski jump: A jump made in ski jumping.
ski jump: The ramp at the prow of an aircraft carrier which uses STOVL or STOBAR aircraft.
caprifig: A hermaphrodite fruit, inedible to humans, of certain usually uncultivated species of Ficus, which is the source of the pollen with which fig wasps pollinate edible female fruit in both cultivated and uncultivated Ficus trees.
f-number: The ratio of the focal length of a lens to its diameter; a measure of the light-gathering ability of the lens.
panatela: A long thin cigar.
eeriness: The condition of being eerie.
pyorrhea: An inflammation of the gums in which the teeth become loose; chronic periodontitis.
pyorrhea: A discharge of pus.
herstory: History that emphasizes the role of women, or that is told from a woman's (or from a feminist) point of view.
herstory: Any historical writing by or about women.
futanari: A genre of Japanese anime or manga featuring intersex characters, usually works containing female characters with a penis.
futanari: An intersex character, usually female and with a penis, in such works.
goatskin: The skin of a goat.
goatskin: A liquid container (especially of wine or water) made from goat leather.
goatskin: a bodhran drum.
squealer: Any animal or person who squeals.
squealer: A pig.
squealer: An informant.
squealer: A kind of jug used to carry beer having 1 litre or 32 ounce capacity (half the size of a growler).
squealer: Anything that makes a squealing noise.
squealer: The European swift.
squealer: The harlequin duck.
squealer: The American golden plover.
squealer: A young pigeon.
squawker: Something that squawks.
squawker: A person who complains or protests noisily.
squawker: An informant; a stool pigeon.
squawker: A loudspeaker used for frequencies intermediate between those of a woofer and a tweeter.
squawker: The radio used in police vehicles to keep in contact with headquarters.
bartizan: Alternative form of bartisan
bartisan: A parapet with battlements projecting from the top of a tower in a castle or church.
attendee: A person who is in attendance or in the audience of an event.
attendee: A person who is attended.
squeaker: One who or that which squeaks.
squeaker: One who or that which squeaks.
squeaker: A young user on a voice chat system who has a high-pitched voice.
squeaker: A party toy that uncoils with a squeaking sound when blown; a party puffer.
squeaker: An informer.
squeaker: A game or election won by a narrow margin.
squeaker: An animal that squeaks.
squeaker: An Australian grey crow-shrike or grey currawong (Strepera versicolor plumbea).
squeaker: An animal that squeaks.
squeaker: A piglet of the wild boar.
squeaker: An animal that squeaks.
squeaker: Any of family Arthroleptidae, of frogs.
squeaker: An animal that squeaks.
squeaker: Any of genus Synodontis, of catfish.
squeaker: An animal that squeaks.
squeaker: A young bird; a cheeper.
squeaker: An animal that squeaks.
squeaker: A young bird; a cheeper.
squeaker: A squab or young domestic pigeon still in the nest.
squeaker: An act of flatulence; a fart.
waylayer: a person who waylays someone
oiliness: The quality of being oily.
mantelet: Alternative form of mantlet
squeezer: Someone or something that squeezes.
squeezer: A piece of foundry apparatus for shaping a ball of puddled iron.
squeezer: A playing card that has its value shown in a corner such that a closely arranged hand may be studied (originally designed for poker but now standard).
squeezer: Someone or something that coerces; one who puts the squeeze on someone.
squeezer: A hand job, an instance of male masturbation, or manual sex performed on a man.
myelitis: Inflammation of the spinal cord or of bone marrow.
mud crab: Any of various crabs, principally in families Panopeidae and Xanthidae, that live in or near mud.
elastase: An endopeptidase enzyme involved in the breakdown of elastin.
epigraph: An inscription, especially on a building.
epigraph: A literary quotation placed at the beginning of a book or other text.
epigraph: The set of all points lying on or above the function's graph.
burgeois: Alternative spelling of bourgeois
sauropod: A member of the Sauropoda suborder of dinosaurs
triplane: An airplane that has three pairs of wings, one above the others
catalase: An enzyme found in the liver that catalyses the decomposition of hydrogen peroxide to water and oxygen.
moleskin: The fur of a mole.
moleskin: A cotton twill fabric with a heavy velvety nap.
moleskin: Clothing made of this fabric.
moleskin: A padded adhesive bandage used to prevent or treat blisters.
adamance: The quality of being adamant
dead leg: A blow to the upper thigh, crushing the muscle against the bone and crushing the nerve cluster next to the quadriceps. Also, the resulting injury.
dead leg: Alternative form of deadleg (isolated section of pipe with no outflow).
dead leg: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see dead, leg.
deerskin: Leather made from deer hide.
deerskin: The hide, whether tanned or not, of one deer.
deerskin: An article of clothing manufactured from deerskin. Often constructed in the plural.
goatfish: Any of many brightly coloured fishes, of the family Mullidae, having two barbels on the chin.
defacing: defacement
duckpins: A game played by bowling a small ball at such pins.
tamarisk: Any of several shrubs, of the genus Tamarix, native to arid regions in Eurasia and Africa, often invasive in other arid regions.
cincture: An enclosure, or the act of enclosing, encircling or encompassing
cincture: A girdle or belt, especially as part of a vestment
cincture: The fillet, listel, or band next to the apophyge at the extremity of the shaft of a column.
circuity: A circuitous plan; a roundabout way of doing something.
circuity: The state or quality of being circuitous.
circuity: A measure of the ratio of road miles to air miles between two locations.
xenagogy: A guidebook.
modeling: The art of sculpting models from clay etc. to create a representation of something.
modeling: The representation of depth in a two-dimensional image.
modeling: The profession of someone who models clothes.
modeling: The construction and use of a computer model of a physical system.
modeling: The learning of a new skill by copying other people.
dumbness: The state of being mute: that is, of not communicating vocally, whether from selective mutism (refusal to speak) or from an inability to speak.
dumbness: Muteness, silence; abstention from speech.
dumbness: Show or gesture without words; pantomime; dumb-show.
dumbness: The quality of being stupid or foolish.
dutiable: Any dutiable item.
giveback: A rebate.
giveback: A reduction in pay or conditions as a result of unfavourable economic conditions.
subshell: Atomic orbitals for which the values of the n and l quantum numbers are the same, such as the three 2p or five 3d atomic orbitals.
subshell: A child process launched by a shell.
remailer: An email service that forwards on the text of emails without identifying information, as a means of providing anonymous email.
dunghill: A heap of dung, especially one for agricultural purposes.
dunghill: Any wretchedly mean, dirty or loathsome place, situation or condition.
giantess: A female giant.
flinging: The act by which something is flung.
warfarin: A coumarin salt, warfarin sodium, found in certain clovers, that retards blood coagulation:
warfarin: Manufactured as a pharmaceutical drug and used in low dosage, with regular monitoring, for the prevention of thrombosis and embolism.
warfarin: A coumarin salt, warfarin sodium, found in certain clovers, that retards blood coagulation:
warfarin: Manufactured as a chemical, used in high dosage as a pesticide.
praedial: A slave bound to work on the land or an estate.
yestreen: The night before.
tercelet: A male falcon, especially a peregrine falcon or goshawk; a tiercel.
altepetl: A Nahua community; a pueblo.
duckbill: The duck-billed platypus.
duckbill: A hadrosaur.
duckbill: A fish of the family Percophidae
duckbill: A fish of the family Percophidae
duckbill: Percophis brasiliensis (Brazilian flathead).
duckbill: Bull ray (Aetomylaeus bovinus, now Pteromylaeus bovinus).
philomel: The nightingale.
philomel: A musical instrument similar to the violin, but having four steel-wire strings.
off-hour: A period when traffic is light
off-hour: time outside normal business hours
ricercar: An instrumental musical composition, fugal in style but in a more serious character and with longer notes.
cinchona: A tree or shrub of the genus Cinchona, native to the Andes in South America but since widely cultivated in Indonesia and India as well for its medicinal bark.
cinchona: The bark of these plants, which yield quinine and other alkaloids useful in reducing fevers and particularly in combatting malaria.
cinchona: Any medicine chiefly composed of the prepared bark of these plants.
polygene: A group of nonallelic genes that act together to produce phenotype variations
polykite: A polyform constructed from quadrilaterals obtained from the superimposition of a triangular and hexagonal grid.
earphone: A transducer that converts electric signals into sound and is held near the ear, especially as part of a telephone; an earpiece or headphone.
antonymy: The semantic relation between antonyms; the quality of being antonymous.
polyking: a polyplet
polyplet: An object, similar to a polyomino, made by attaching squares joined at their edges or corners
polypnea: deep and rapid breathing; panting
clean up: Alternative form of cleanup
diastase: Any one of a group of enzymes which catalyse the breakdown of starch into maltose; mostly amylases (α-amylase and β-amylase).
pastrami: A seasoned smoked cut of beef. Traditionally, this is made from a navel cut.
off-ramp: A segment of roadway that directs vehicular traffic from a freeway onto local roads.
off-ramp: An exit strategy.
plotting: The act of scheming or making plots; machination.
blue gum: Any of various eucalyptus trees having blueish leaves, especially Eucalyptus globulus.
blue gum: A person of sub-Saharan African origin.
classism: Discrimination or prejudice that is based on social class, especially against those of lower social class.
avenging: The act by which somebody is avenged.
polysome: a polyribosome
crashing: The sound or action of something that crashes.
reviving: A revival; a bringing back to life.
snapping: The sound or action of a snap.
snapping: The act of snapping at, or speaking sharply to, somebody.
blending: The act or result of something being blended.
lounging: The act of one who lounges.
flushing: The act by which something is flushed.
flushing: Rushing of blood to the skin's surface, especially on the face, as happens under various physiological circumstances (e.g., in embarrassment or stress or during menopause).
flushing: A heavy, coarse cloth manufactured from shoddy.
flushing: A surface formed of floating threads.
laboring: The act of one who labors; toil; work done.
dumbbell: A weight training implement consisting of a short bar with weight counterpoised on each end.
dumbbell: A stupid person.
creaking: A noise that creaks.
polestar: Alternative form of pole star
polytene: A very large chromosome with many chromatids (arms); a chromosome exhibiting polyteny
coughing: A cough; the act of coughing.
polypody: Any of many ferns of the genus Polypodium, especially common polypody.
Eurabian: A person of mixed European and Arab descent
hornpipe: A musical instrument consisting of a wooden pipe, with holes at intervals.
hornpipe: A solo dance commonly associated with seamen, involving kicking of the legs, with the arms mostly crossed.
hornpipe: A hard-shoe solo dance commonly performed in Irish stepdance, usually danced in 2/4 time.
hornpipe: Music played to the hornpipe dance
flagging: A pavement or sidewalk of flagstones; flagstones, collectively.
flagging: The process by which something flags or tires.
flagging: The skewing or bending of the upper part of a television picture due to imperfect synchronization of the video signal.
flagging: Use of a handkerchief code or analogous display to signal sexual interests.
bareness: The state of being bare.
polyuria: The production of an abnormally large amount of urine; one symptom of diabetes
podiatry: chiropody
one-shot: A television program, film, or comic book that is not part of a series.
one-shot: A cinematographic shot of a person talking to camera; a talking head.
one-shot: A monostable multivibrator.
one-shot: A programmable interval timer.
one-shot: Something that occurs only once; a one-off.
one-shot: A type of long-lasting paint.
one-shot: A music sample that is played without immediate repetition.
one-shot: A fanfic of only one chapter.
one-shot: A single appearance by a performer.
one-shot: A gun that must be reloaded after firing a single shot.
one-shot: A product that is sold on its own, rather than as part of a line of products.
polemics: The art or practice of making arguments or controversies.
polemics: The refutation of errors in theological doctrine.
fringing: A fringe or border.
fringing: The appearance of false colours in an image as the result of poor registration of component monochrome images.
fringing: Any anomalous electric or magnetic effect at the edges of a region.
nearness: The state of being near; closeness; intimacy.
nearness: Stinginess.
snowbank: A heap of snow.
toppling: The act by which something is toppled.
snow job: An attempt to persuade a person using flattery or deception.
chanting: Singing, especially as a chant is sung.
chatting: Talk; chatter.
thinness: The state or quality of being thin.
poisoner: A person who poisons something or someone.
poorness: The quality of being poor
poorness: poverty
poaching: Illegal procurement of protected wildlife such as fish, game, logging, or plant collecting.
ponderer: A person who ponders; a thinker.
neatness: The state of being neat.
poolroom: A room with pool tables where pool can be played, usually for a fee.
poolroom: A room in a house or other domestic dwelling set up with a pool or snooker table.
poor boy: A submarine sandwich: a po' boy.
poor boy: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see poor, boy.
handwork: Work done by the hands, as opposed to by machine.
polyseme: A word or phrase that has multiple meanings, or, more specifically, multiple etymologically related meanings.
cistrome: The set of DNA segments (cis) of a transacting factor on a genome scale.
cistrome: A map of all locations effected by the estrogen receptor.
buddleia: A tree or shrub of the genus Buddleja, especially Buddleja davidii, a large ornamental shrub whose lilac flowers attract butterflies.
playdate: The occasion of a child having a friend come over to play at their house, traditionally scheduled by both children's parents.
playdate: The occasion of a child having a friend come over to play at their house, traditionally scheduled by both children's parents.
playdate: Any scheduled recreation, especially if not scheduled by those directly involved.
playdate: The date of a showing of a film.
stroking: The act of making strokes or giving a stroke.
stroking: The act of laying small gathers in cloth in regular order.
postlude: The final part of a piece; especially music played (normally on the organ) at the end of a church service.
postlude: A concluding passage of text or speech; an epilogue or afterword.
Sudovian: A member of the Prussian tribe that inhabited Sudovia.
Sudovian: A person from Sudovia or of Sudovian descent.
assignor: The person or party which makes an assignment.
inukshuk: A structure of piled stones, designed to resemble a humanoid figure and traditionally constructed by the Inuit.
portiere: Alternative spelling of portière
fondling: A foolish person.
fondling: A pet or person who is fondled; someone who is much loved.
fondling: The act of caressing; manifestation of tenderness.
porosity: The state of being porous.
porosity: A measure of how porous a material is; the ratio of the volume of pores to the total volume
populism: A political doctrine or philosophy that proposes that the rights and powers of ordinary people are exploited by a privileged elite, and supports their struggle to overcome this.
populism: The practice of appealing to the interests of the common people.
portière: A car door.
portière: A hanging, such as a heavy curtain, placed over a door or doorway; a door curtain.
raciness: The property of being racy.
assigner: One who, or that which, assigns.
shot put: An athletics event where a competitor must hurl a heavy metal orb ("shot") as far as possible. Because of the weight of the ball this is done with a pushing ("putting") motion rather than a throwing motion.
shot put: A trial of shot put.
shot put: A ball used to perform the action of shot put.
pomander: A mixture of aromatic substances, made into a ball and carried by a person to impart a sweet smell or as a protection against infection.
pomander: A small case in which an aromatic ball was carried.
pomander: A perforated container filled with pot-pourri for placing in a drawer, wardrobe, room, etc., to provide a sweet smell.
pomander: An apple or orange studded with cloves used for the same purpose.
artiness: The quality of being arty.
radioman: A person who operates a radio transceiver, especially when a title or position in a crew.
froideur: A cold or indifferent manner.
froideur: A chill in relations.
jerk-off: Alternative spelling of jerkoff
huarache: A Mexican sandal.
huarache: A food similar in shape to such a sandal, consisting of a fried masa dough base with a topping, typically salsa, potato, meat, and/or cheese.
man-year: One person's working time for a year, or the equivalent, used as a measure of how much work or labor is required or consumed to perform some task.
causeway: A road that is raised so as to be above water, marshland, and similar low-lying obstacles. Originally causeways were much like dykes, generally pierced to let water through, whereas many modern causeways are more like bridges or viaducts.
figurant: An actor or dancer in the background lacking an aural presence.
aedicula: A painted framed niche giving the appearance of depth.
aedicula: A small shrine.
poundage: a charge based on the weight of something in pounds
poundage: a charge based on the value of something in pounds sterling
poundage: a weight measured in pounds
poundage: weight, especially body weight
poundage: a fee charged for keeping an animal in a pound, or for its release
poundage: the keeping of an animal in a pound
coquille: A meal, especially a seafood dish, served in an actual scallop shell or a dish (container) shaped like a shell.
coquille: A scallop shell or a dish shaped like one, especially when used to serve the aforementioned food.
coquille: A form of ruching used as a dress trimming or for neckwear, named from the manner in which it is gathered or fulled.
Sodomite: An inhabitant of Sodom, or (by extension) a descendant of one.
assessor: One who assesses a property for tax or insurance evaluation.
assessor: A specialist who assists the court in determining a matter.
assessor: A civil servant entrusted with checking the veracity of data and criteria used by a taxpayer to complete a tax return.
assessor: One who assesses a project for cost evaluation.
assessor: An official responsible for student welfare.
rappeler: One who rappels (descends by rope).
prunelle: a kind of small and very acid French plum, especially when stoned and dried, from Prunus spinosa (blackthorn, sloe).
windburn: An irritation of the skin caused by exposure to the wind.
windburn: Damage to a plant caused by cold and windy conditions that dry out the leaves.
imaginer: One who imagines (something).
trotting: The action of the verb trot.
trotting: The sport of harness racing.
apologia: A written defense of a position or belief.
windless: Alternative form of windlass
windsock: A large, conical, open-ended tube designed to indicate wind direction and relative wind speed, used especially at smaller airfields.
applique: A decorative design made by cutting pieces of material and applying them to the surface of another for decoration.
Griselda: A woman of exemplary gentleness and patience.
ransomer: A person who pays a ransom.
wirehair: A wire-haired terrier
thanking: The act by which thanks are given; thanks.
wiriness: The state of being wiry.
wistaria: Alternative spelling of wisteria
rareness: The property of being rare; rarity
witchery: Witchcraft.
witchery: An act of witchcraft.
witchery: Allure, charm, magic.
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Species of Lonicera (honeysuckle)
woodbine: Lonicera periclymenum, European honeysuckle, common honeysuckle
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Species of Lonicera (honeysuckle)
woodbine: Lonicera xylosteum, European fly honeysuckle, dwarf honeysuckle, fly woodbine
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Species of Parthenocissus
woodbine: Parthenocissus quinquefolia, Virginia creeper
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Species of Parthenocissus
woodbine: Parthenocissus tricuspidata, Japanese creeper, Boston ivy
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Species of Parthenocissus
woodbine: Parthenocissus vitacea, now Parthenocissus inserta, thicket creeper, false Virginia creeper, grape woodbine
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Clematis virginiana, devil's darning needle
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
woodbine: Gelsemium sempervirens, yellow jessamine
woodbine: Any of several climbing vines, especially the honeysuckle and the Virginia creeper
wood lot: An area of land used for the growing of firewood and timber, often as the wooded portion of a farmstead in contrast with arable and pasture portions.
Woodbine: A cigarette of this brand.
Woodbine: A British soldier.
workfare: A form of welfare in which people are required to work as a condition of receiving aid
woodpile: A pile of cut wood to be used as fuel.
woodpile: An arrangement of dominoes.
cheville: A word or phrase whose only function is to make a sentence metrically balanced.
windsurf: An act of windsurfing
rod iron: Misspelling of wrought iron.
pulpitum: A massive, often decorative screen of stone or timber that divides the choir from the nave and ambulatory in medieval cathedrals and monastic churches.
trichome: A hair- or scale-like extension of the epidermis of a plant.
trichome: Hairlike structures found in some microscopic organisms and algae.
trichome: A row of cells formed by successive cell divisions.
wriggler: Anything that wriggles.
wriggler: The larva of a mosquito.
wriggler: A cunning or tricky person; a dodger.
profiter: One who profits.
write-up: A written account of something, as a record.
write-up: An increase made to the book value of an asset that was previously undervalued.
write-up: A review published in the print or online media for a film, book, etc.
workweek: The range of days of the week that are normally worked
workbook: A book, used by a student, in which answers and workings may be entered besides questions and exercises.
workbook: A book, used by a business, containing a record of work to be done, or work completed.
workbook: A collection of spreadsheets stored in the same file.
amp. hr.: Alternative form of amp-hr (“ampere-hour”)
rankness: The quality of being rank, of having a repulsive or pungent odor.
rankness: Exuberant or uncontrolled growth.
rankness: Exuberance, excessiveness.
rankness: Insolence.
woodshed: An enclosed, roofed structure, often an outbuilding, used primarily to store firewood.
woodshed: A place where punishments or reprimands are administered.
twin bed: Either of a pair of matching single beds.
twin bed: A single bed.
bus trap: A construction or device placed on a road that only allows (public transport) buses, and no other vehicles with smaller gauge, to pass.
ratifier: One who ratifies.
ratifier: One who is in favor of ratification.
deadwood: Dead branches or wood on a tree, or coarse woody debris.
deadwood: People or things judged to be superfluous to an organization or project.
deadwood: Money not realized by exiting a winning pump trade too early.
deadwood: Pins that have fallen and have not been cleared from the alley.
deadwood: Vertical planks between the keel and the sternpost that act as reinforcement.
deadwood: Structural material on a load-carrying vehicle that reduces the available cargo space.
deadwood: Cards in a hand that do not contribute to sets and which are usually counted as points against the player holding the hand.
deadwood: Cards that have been discarded.
rheostat: An electrical resistor, with two terminals, whose resistance is continuously variable by moving a knob or slider.
twopence: A British or Irish coin worth two (old or new) pence.
twopence: A cost or value of two pence.
twopence: (by extension) A small amount or value.
ha'penny: A halfpenny; a former British and Irish coin.
tallyman: A person who keeps a tally of something.
tallyman: A man who conducts the tally trade
tallyman: A man who cohabits (with someone) outside of marriage.
drop cap: A large initial letter that drops below the first line of a paragraph, usually used at the beginning of a section or chapter of a book.
rhapsode: One who performs the poetry of a poet for an audience; not necessarily a writer of poetry.
rhapsode: The interpreter of a poem.
ravisher: One who ravishes.
autosome: Any chromosome other than sex chromosomes.
ashtanga: The classical system of yoga described in the Yoga Sutras by Patanjali.
ashtanga: Any of several styles of yoga, including ashtanga vinyasa yoga.
miserere: An expression of lamentation or complaint.
miserere: A medieval dagger, used for the mercy stroke to a wounded foe; misericord.
miserere: A small projecting boss or bracket on the underside of the hinged seat of a church stall, intended to give some support to a standing worshipper when the seat is turned up; a misericord.
miserere: Ileus.
car boot: a wheel clamp or Denver boot
car boot: the boot (trunk) of a car
car boot: a car boot sale
two-step: A ballroom dance in duple time, having long, sliding steps
two-step: A piece of music for this dance
caseload: The workload of a person or group that handles cases; the relative volume of cases expected to be worked upon.
caseload: The set of persons whose cases are being handled by such a worker or group.
beigeist: A sellout; a conformist to bourgeois or corporate mediocracy.
motorist: One who drives a motor vehicle.
firecall: A call of fire alarm to a fire station.
firecall: A request for provision of emergency access to a computer system in order to fix a problem
box tree: Any of several trees, of the genus Buxus, often used as a hedge, for topiary, and as a source of boxwood
box tree: Any trees of diverse species in Lophostemon, Eucalyptus, or other genera native to Australia.
arranger: One who arranges.
arranger: Digital keyboard to play music with accompaniment styles.
bindweed: Any of several trailing vine-like plants in the family Convolvulaceae with funnel-shaped flowers:
bindweed: The true bindweed (Convolvulus).
bindweed: Any of several trailing vine-like plants in the family Convolvulaceae with funnel-shaped flowers:
bindweed: The false bindweed (Calystegia).
bindweed: Any of several trailing vine-like plants in the family Convolvulaceae with funnel-shaped flowers:
bindweed: The slender bindweed (Polymeria calycina).
bindweed: Any of several plants of species in other families with similar appearance:
bindweed: The black bindweed (Fallopia convolvulus).
bindweed: Any of several plants of species in other families with similar appearance:
bindweed: The bittersweet nightshade, blue bindweed (Solanum dulcamara).
bouzouki: A Greek long-necked plucked fretted lute with a sharp, metallic sound.
earthing: The act or process of placing (something) in the earth; planting; burying
earthing: The process of connecting with the earth's energy, usually through bodily contact (e.g. walking barefoot), supposed to achieve health and vitality.
digestif: An alcoholic beverage consumed after eating, so called because it is presumed to aid digestion.
choirboy: A boy chorister.
choirboy: A piously innocent person.
debating: The act of taking part in a debate.
charades: A game in which each player acts out a word or phrase, usually based on puns of each syllable and without speaking, for the others to guess.
smoulder: smoke; smother
smoulder: Alternative form of smolder.
smoulder: A disease of narcissus and related flowers caused by the fungus Botrytis narcissicola, and characterized by dark brown lesions on the leaves.
ecomorph: A local variety of a species whose appearance is determined by its ecological environment.
capstone: Any of the stones making up the top layer of a wall; a coping stone.
capstone: A crowning achievement, culmination or finishing touch.
brakeman: A railroad employee responsible for a train's brakes, couplings etc.
brakeman: A person employed to work the steam engine or other machinery that raises the coal from the mine.
brakeman: A person who pulls the brake lever in the sport of bobsleigh.
match-up: Alternative spelling of matchup
calamine: Synonym of smithsonite, a pink form of zinc oxide (mainly zinc carbonate ZnCO₃) formed as a byproduct of zinc sublimation, now used in skin lotions.
calamine: Synonym of hemimorphite, an orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing zinc.
coonskin: The pelt of a raccoon
parasail: A wing-shaped parachute that lifts a rider in a harness when towed by a motorboat etc
rocketry: The making and launching of rockets, its science and practice.
consomme: Alternative spelling of consommé
hustings: A platform where candidates in an election give speeches; a husting.
hustings: An election campaign.
cockcrow: The time of day at which the first crow of a cockerel is heard; dawn or daybreak; first light
answerer: A person who, or thing that, answers or responds.
cockspur: A blade for tying to the foot of a gamecock.
cockspur: Grass of species (Echinochloa crus-galli).
cockspur: A hawthorn of species (Crataegus crus-galli).
cockspur: Orchard grass, a widely grown tall stout hay and pasture grass (Dactylis glomerata) of Eurasia.
cockspur: A small West Indian tree (Pisonia aculeata).
cockspur: Any of several spiny trees, formerly all of the genus Acacia, such as Vachellia cookii (cockspur acacia).
cockspur: Burgrass of species Cenchrus echinatus.
cockspur: An annual European weed of species Centaurea melitensis, naturalized in North and South America.
cockspur: Any plant of species Casearia aculeata, of the tropical Americas.
growling: A sustained instance of growls or guttural noises.
growling: The technique of producing a low-pitched growling or rumbling sound on a wind instrument.
cozening: fraud; deception; the acts of one who cozens
rosebush: The shrub that roses grow on; a rose plant.
Incoterm: Any of a series of international sales terms that divide transaction costs and responsibilities between buyer and seller.
currying: The technique of converting a function that takes multiple arguments into a sequence of functions that each take a single argument.
cozenage: The fact or practice of cozening; cheating, deception.
cozenage: An instance of cozening; a scam.
drugging: The act of giving a dose of drugs.
roadwork: The construction or maintenance done to roads.
roadwork: Exercise such as running and jogging done on the roads.
roadwork: The taking of a band on the road to perform music in different locations.
hireling: An employee who is hired, often to perform unpleasant tasks with little independence.
hireling: Someone who does a job purely for money, rather than out of interest in the work itself.
hireling: A horse for hire.
hireling: A prostitute.
screener: One who, or that which, screens.
screener: A person employed to filter the mined coal through a metal screen to remove impurities.
screener: One who, or that which, screens.
screener: A question or survey used to filter potential participants based on some characteristic.
screener: An advance screening of a film sent to critics, awards voters, etc.
screener: A cinema having the specified number of screens.
exhaling: exhalation
Comanche: A member of a Native American ethnic group residing especially in Texas and Oklahoma.
Comanche: A light single-engine aircraft, the Piper PA-24 Comanche.
Comanche: A military helicopter, the RAH-66 Comanche.
housetop: The roof of a house.
woodchip: A small mechanically produced piece (chip) of wood, generally from 0.5 to 10 cm in diameter, used primarily as raw material for pulp, paper and construction boards, as well as fuel and mulch.
woodchip: A small fibre of wood; especially such material as used to make ingrain wallpaper, aka woodchip wallpaper. See Wikipedia article on ingrain wallpaper.
tetrapod: Any vertebrate with four limbs.
tetrapod: Any vertebrate (such as birds or snakes) that has evolved from early tetrapods; especially any member of the superclass Tetrapoda
tetrapod: A concrete structure with arms, used to arrest wave energy along the shore in sea defence projects.
prænomen: Obsolete spelling of praenomen
deckhand: A member of the crew of a merchant ship who performs manual labour.
deckhand: A stagehand.
romancer: One who romances another; one who attempt to win another's affections via romance.
romancer: A person who writes romance or adventure stories, especially stories relating to chivalry, knights, heroes, quests, etc.
romancer: A romantic film or television show.
trillium: Any of several perennial flowering plants, of the genus Trillium, having flowers with three petals
affright: Great fear, terror, fright.
Beaufort: A type of French cheese originally from Beaufort-sur-Doron.
heliport: A facility, such as a small airport, designed to let helicopters take off and land.
mansioun: Obsolete spelling of mansion
humanist: A scholar of one of the subjects in the humanities.
humanist: A person who believes in the philosophy of humanism.
humanist: In the Renaissance, a scholar of Greek and Roman classics.
ravening: Predation (by an animal); voracious eating or consumption.
ravening: Eagerness for plunder; rapacity; extortion.
hometown: An individual’s place of birth, childhood home, or place of main residence.
hometown: Designating a decision or judgement that is biased, or perceived to be biased, in favour of local preference.
heave-ho: A cry of heave-ho.
heave-ho: A rejection; a forced removal.
archness: The state of being arch.
archaist: A person who studies archaic things; an antiquary
archaist: A person who uses archaisms in language
peephole: A small hole, opening, or piece of glass, especially in a door, through which one can look without being seen.
Bismarck: An apple cultivar from Australia.
Bismarck: Alternative form of bismarck.
pinching: The act of one who or that which pinches.
pinching: The act of pinching off new growth.
pinching: theft
woodchop: A woodchopping competition.
chimaera: Alternative spelling of chimera
chimaera: A cartilaginous marine fish in the subclass Holocephali and especially the order Chimaeriformes, with a blunt snout, long tail, and a spine before the first dorsal fin
hecatomb: A great public sacrifice to the gods, originally of a hundred oxen; also, a great number of animals reserved for such a sacrifice.
hecatomb: A great public sacrifice in other religions; also, a great number of animals or people reserved for such a sacrifice.
hecatomb: A great number of animals, people, or things that are sacrificed or destroyed; any great sacrifice; also (generally), a large amount.
housecat: A pet cat that is not allowed outside
harikari: Alternative form of hara-kiri
bog iron: deposits of mixed oxides and hydroxides of iron formed when iron-bearing groundwater emerges onto the surface
humorist: Someone who believes that health and temperament are determined by bodily humours; a humoralist.
humorist: Someone subject to whims or fancies; an eccentric.
humorist: A humorous or witty person, especially someone skilled in humorous writing or performance.
humorist: One who studies or portrays the humours of people.
taunting: The act of one who taunts.
chinampa: A floating island in a shallow lake bed, upon which crops were grown.
foraging: The act of searching for food.
hotelier: Someone who runs a hotel.
Leonardo: A painting by Leonardo da Vinci.
calypsis: The act of covering, concealing, hiding, or veiling. In kinesics, the science of body language, calypsis is the act of covering or concealing one’s face, or sexually attractive parts, especially in the presence of someone who is a sexual turn-off (extremely anerotic), or someone who is uncomfortable to be around.
calypsis: A type of closed or negative body language often expressing extremely anerotic feelings, sexual abhorrence, scorn and contempt toward someone viewed as a sexual turn-off in terms of physical appearance, in terms of personality and social behavior, or both.
calypsis: The term calypsis can also refer to a bride placing a veil over her face during her wedding while preparing to marry her groom, or to a criminal concealing his/her face with a ski mask while perpetrating a burglary, robbery, or sniper attack.
Stafford: A Staffordshire bull terrier.
dan buoy: A small buoy, sometimes made of cork with a small flag, used to temporarily mark a position at sea, normally to mark a fishing ground, a minesweeping area, or a man overboard.
dextrose: The naturally-occurring dextrorotatory form of glucose monosaccharide molecule.
Magdalen: Alternative form of Magdalene (“a reformed prostitute”)
simplism: The trait of oversimplifying things by ignoring complexity and complications.
simplism: An instance of simplistic behaviour such as might cause loss of the nuance and complexity of a concept or issue, or overlooking of important details.
hobbyist: A person who is interested in an activity or a subject as a hobby.
hobbyist: A client in a girlfriend experience.
widening: The action of the verb widen.
megastar: A very famous or successful celebrity.
cutwater: The forward curve of the stem of a ship.
cutwater: The wedge of a bridge pier, that resists the flow of water and ice.
cutwater: A black skimmer; a sea bird of the species Rynchops niger, that flies low over the sea, "cutting" the water surface with its lower mandible to catch small fish.
squalane: A saturated triterpene hydrocarbon made by hydrogenating squalene; used in cosmetics etc.
jalfrezi: A Bengali curry made with onion, tomato and capsicum given added heat by the addition of green chillis
chapatti: Alternative form of chapati
squalene: A linear triterpene hydrocarbon found in shark liver oil and in human sebum; it plays a role in the biosynthesis of steroids.
red coat: Alternative spelling of redcoat
wikilink: A hyperlink from one wiki entry to another.
halftone: Synonym of semitone, half the interval between two notes on a scale.
halftone: A picture made by using the process of half-toning.
halftone: An intermediate or middle tone in a painting, engraving, photograph, etc.; a middle tint, neither very dark nor very light.
receding: The action of something that recedes.
receding: A recessed part.
globulin: Any of a group of simple proteins, soluble in water only in the presence of salts, that are coagulated by heat
milliamp: One thousandth (10⁻³) of an ampere, abbreviated as mA.
microamp: One millionth (10⁻⁶) of an ampere, abbreviated as µA.
picovolt: One million millionth (10⁻¹²) of a volt, abbreviated as pV.
gigavolt: One billion (10⁹) volts. Symbol: GV.
nanovolt: An SI unit of electromotive force equal to 10⁻⁹ volts. Symbol: nV
picowatt: One million millionth (10⁻¹²) of a watt, abbreviated as pW.
nanowatt: One thousand millionth (10⁻⁹) of a watt, abbreviated as nW.
occluder: An object that partially or completely impedes the amount of light reaching the eye.
occluder: An implement designed to temporarily block light to one eye.
occluder: A catheter-delivered device that blocks a hole in the wall of a heart, often having an umbrella-type design and folded up until the catheter arrives at the area of the defect in the heart. Once in place the occluder is unfolded on both sides of the defect so that pressure from both sides keeps it in place.
bakeshop: A shop where baked goods are made and sold.
Don Juan: A man who obsessively seduces women.
bargeman: A member of the crew of a barge.
bargeman: A barge owner, maintainer, or captain of a barge.
bargeman: A large white maggot that frequently infested ship's biscuits; most likely a larva of the cadelle beetle, Tenebroides mauritanicus.
Parisien: A Parisian.
fire ant: Any of several red or yellow ants that can inflict a harsh sting.
fire ant: Solenopsis spp. (tropical fire ants)
fire ant: Any of several red or yellow ants that can inflict a harsh sting.
fire ant: Oecophylla spp. (weaver ants), of Southeast Asia
fire ant: Any of several red or yellow ants that can inflict a harsh sting.
fire ant: Solenopsis invicta (red imported fire ant)
fire ant: Any of several red or yellow ants that can inflict a harsh sting.
fire ant: Wasmannia auropunctata (electric ant, little fire ant).
kilovolt: One thousand volts. Symbol: kV or KV.
terawatt: One million million (10¹²) watts, abbreviated as TW.
gigawatt: One thousand million (10⁹) watts, abbreviated as GW.
pink gin: A cocktail consisting of gin with a very light dash of bitters.
low gear: The lowest gear available from a gearbox, typically in a motor vehicle or cycle.
low gear: One of the lower gears available from a gearbox, typically in a motor vehicle or cycle.
wronging: An act by which somebody is wronged.
righting: The act of putting something right.
righting: The return of a vehicle to an upright orientation from a tilted or inverted orientation.
chaining: The act or process by which something is chained.
shorting: short selling
stibnite: A grey mineral, Sb₂S₃, that is the main ore of antimony; used in ancient times as the cosmetic kohl.
breading: The coating of a thin slice of meat in flour, egg and breadcrumbs prior to frying
storming: The act by which something is stormed.
storming: The act of one who storms or rages.
bearding: An undesirable video artifact whereby darker parts of a signal bleed across horizontally into the brighter parts.
upending: An act of overthrowing or turning over.
chalking: Something chalked on a surface.
chalking: The appearance of non-gloss paint on an exterior surface due to chemical deterioration and removal by weather.
flocking: The process of adding small particles to a surface for the sake of texture.
flocking: A material textured in this way, such as the artificial snow of a Christmas tree.
elbowing: A nudge or jostle with the elbow.
queering: The process by which something is queered.
clocking: A time measurement made according to a clock.
quieting: The act of making something quiet.
skirting: Skirting boards collectively.
skirting: skirts collectively; material for skirts
skirting: The act of one who skirts around something, or avoids it.
hoisting: The act by which something is hoisted.
hoisting: The behaviour of JavaScript syntax which allows variables to be used before they are declared.
greening: The process of becoming green.
greening: A type of pear.
greening: A type of apple that is green when ripe.
mouthing: The act of forming a shape with the mouth, especially as part of sign language.
mouthing: Ranting; passionate speech devoid of meaning.
spooling: The operation of placing something in temporary storage, i.e. a spool.
guesting: An appearance as a guest on a TV show
crimping: The act by which something is crimped.
allaying: An allayment.
sneering: The act of one who sneers.
landform: Any geological feature, such as a mountain or valley.
frothing: The act of something that froths.
spooning: The action of the verb to spoon
spooning: The act of picking something up with a spoon.
spooning: The action of the verb to spoon
spooning: The act of lying on their sides, nestled front-to-back on a bed.
quelling: The act by which something is quelled.
wheeling: The motion of something that wheels.
wheeling: The act of moving or conveying on wheels.
charting: The act by which something is charted.
dwarfing: The situation where something is made to seem (relatively) small or unimportant.
awarding: The act of bestowing an award.
awarding: The act of giving by official decision such as giving a contract.
drafting: The act or process of producing a technical drawing, or draft.
drafting: A profession, usually related to making technical drawings for architecture, engineering, or manufacturing.
drafting: The practice among ground vehicle drivers or cyclists of following in a close line to reduce wind resistance.
drafting: A method of preparing fibers for weaving.
adynamia: Lack or loss of strength, usually due to a disease.
delaying: A delay.
feigning: Act of one who feigns; fakery; deceit.
blurting: Something that is blurted, or spoken hastily without thinking.
faulting: Formation of a geological fault.
grunting: A sound of grunts.
whisking: The motion of something that is whisked.
whisking: The movement of an animal's whiskers.
screwing: The act by which something is screwed (in various senses).
screwing: An act of sexual intercourse.
coveting: The act of one who covets.
wrecking: The act by which something is wrecked.
wrecking: The taking of valuables from a shipwreck close to the shore.
tweaking: A tweak; a minor modification.
champing: The sound or action of one who champs (bites or chews).
champing: The practice of camping overnight in historic churches as a novelty or part of a holiday.
wakening: The act of awaking, or ceasing to sleep.
cranking: The act by which something is cranked.
moulting: A moult; the shedding of skin, feathers, etc.
scalping: The action by which someone is scalped.
scalping: A fraudulent form of market manipulation in which a person buys shares immediately before recommending the shares to others, thus driving the price up.
scalping: A legitimate method of arbitrage of small price gaps created by the bid-ask spread.
smurfing: The act of one who smurfs.
smurfing: A money laundering technique involving the break-up of large sums into smaller amounts, in order to fly under the regulatory radar.
shucking: An event at which something is shucked.
trawling: A commercial fishing technique in which a net is dragged by a moving boat. Not to be confused with trolling, which drags (one or more) lines.
trawling: A laborious search.
tricking: Dress; ornament.
cramping: The action of something that cramps.
spooking: A supernatural fright.
spooking: The form of hole carding engaged in by a spook.
brawling: An unruly fight; a brawl.
whiffing: The act of one who, or that which, whiffs.
whiffing: A mode of fishing with a handline for pollock, mackerel, etc.
renewing: A renewal.
smearing: Something smeared or daubed.
trysting: An appointment; a tryst.
clamping: The act by which something is clamped.
flailing: A flailing action or motion.
yodeling: The act of one who yodels.
plumping: The act by which something is plumped.
steeping: An instance of something being steeped; a wetting.
steeping: A 13th-century coin circulated in Ireland as a debased sterling silver penny, outlawed under King Edward I.
chomping: The sound or action of one who chomps.
frisking: The action or motion of one who frisks; a gambol.
overmuch: An excessive amount; too much.
likening: The act by which things are likened; a comparison.
shelling: An artillery bombardment.
shelling: The removal of the shell from a nut, pea etc.
shelling: Grain from which the husk has been removed.
shelling: An ordering of the facets of a boundary complex such that the intersection of each facet (other than the first) with the union of all preceding facets is homeomorphic to a ball or sphere. See Shelling (topology)
shelling: Shallow, irregular cracks that appear on the surface of a coating such as plaster or mortar.
debiting: The act of making a debit in accounting.
grilling: A thorough interrogation.
grilling: The act or process of grilling, or broiling.
franking: A device or marking such as postage stamp, printed or stamped impressions, codings, labels, manuscript writings, or any other authorized form of markings affixed or applied to mails to qualify them to be postally serviced.
franking: A corporate tax system in which some or all of the tax paid by a company may be attributed, or imputed, to the shareholders by way of a tax credit to reduce the income tax payable on a distribution.
stinting: Act of one who stints.
clumping: A clump or cluster.
clumping: The sound of walking with heavy footfalls.
joisting: An arrangement of joists; joistwork.
leveling: The process of making something level.
leveling: The process of measuring levels to establish heights and altitudes.
leveling: Ellipsis of paradigm leveling, the replacement of irregular forms by regular forms.
hasheesh: Alternative spelling of hashish
trumping: The act by which something is trumped, topped or capped.
trumping: The sound of a trumpet.
clomping: The sound of walking with heavy footfalls.
swooning: A swoon or faint.
waulking: The work by which cloth is waulked.
pico-amp: Alternative form of picoamp
mega amp: One million ( 10⁶ ) amperes. Symbol: MA.
teravolt: One million million ( 10¹² ) volts, abbreviated as TV.
kilo-amp: One thousand (10³) amperes. Symbol: kA or KA.
giga-amp: One thousand million (10⁹) amperes. Symbol: GA.
mega-amp: One million ( 10⁶ ) amperes. Symbol: MA.
nano-amp: An SI unit of electrical current equal to 10⁻⁹ amperes. Symbol: nA
tera-amp: One million million ( 10¹² ) amperes. Symbol: TA.
exulting: exultation
tera amp: One million million (10¹²) amperes. Symbol: TA.
mega-ohm: Alternative form of megaohm
tera-ohm: One million million (10¹²) ohms. Symbol: TΩ.
giga-ohm: One thousand million (10⁹) ohms. Symbol: GΩ.
trolling: The act of one who trolls (in various senses).
trolling: A fishing technique in which one or more baited fishing lines are dragged by a moving boat. Not to be confused with trawling, which drags a net.
whacking: A beating.
kilo-ohm: Alternative form of kiloohm
spalling: The process of reducing (stone blocks, etc.) to an approximately level surface by hammering.
spalling: Any process that spalls a surface, or the damage that results from that process: spallation.
spalling: A fragment or chip of stone.
cacology: Poor diction or choice of words.
pico-ohm: One million millionth ( 10⁻¹² ) of a ohm. Symbol: pΩ.
smirking: The act of one who smirks.
nano-ohm: An SI unit of electrical resistance equal to 10⁻⁹ ohms. Symbol: nΩ
fumbling: An instance of clumsiness, especially of the hands or fingers.
inhaling: inhalation
skipping: The act by which something is skipped or omitted.
skipping: The game, activity, or exercise of jump rope.
excusing: The act of making an excuse.
rippling: A motion or sound that ripples.
skulking: The action of one who skulks.
bug-bear: Alternative spelling of bugbear
foisting: The act of something being foisted; imposition.
gas fire: A fireplace or heater whose flames are fuelled by combustible gas.
draining: The practice of exploring drains, tunnels, or sewers.
draining: The process by which something is drained or emptied.
draining: The liquid drained from something.
pitching: The act of throwing or casting.
pitching: The rough paving of a street to a grade with blocks of stone.
pitching: A facing of stone laid upon a bank to prevent wear by tides or currents.
clutches: Grasp; possession; control.
divining: The action of the verb to divine in any sense.
striding: The act of one who strides; a long step.
striding: A technique for propelling forward that appears similar to walking, where a foot slides forward on the opposite side of a pole being planted to provide a location to apply force.
builders: Abbreviation of builders' tea. (builder's tea)
ripening: The process of becoming ripe.
saluting: The act of giving a salute.
revoking: A revocation.
tall oil: A dark yellow resinous acidic oil obtained as a byproduct during the pulping of pine; it is used in the manufacture of soaps and lubricants.
cop shop: A police station.
neckline: The line formed by the edge of an article of clothing that surrounds the neck, especially as seen at the front.
uncaring: Lack or absence of caring
witching: An act of witchcraft.
inquirer: One who enquires.
colorist: One who colors; an artist with a talent for coloring.
colorist: A hairdresser who is a specialist in coloring and tinting hair.
saneness: The property of being sane.
correcte: Possibly a medicinal herb.
thribble: A set of oil drilling pipes having three joints
head man: The person in charge of an organization, clan, tribe, or other group.
head man: The leader of a village.
saxafras: sassafras
claimant: One who claims; one who makes a claim.
claimant: A person receiving money from the government, in a form of unemployment benefits, disability benefits or similar.
claimant: The party who initiates a lawsuit before a court.
teammate: One who is on the same team.
relaxant: A drug or other agent that promotes relaxation.
barnyard: The yard associated with or surrounding a barn.
disposer: One who disposes.
nephrite: A semi-precious stone, one of the two types of stone commonly referred to as jade (the other being jadeite).
satirist: A person who writes satire.
robocall: An automated phone call, commonly for telemarketing purposes, that uses both an autodialer and a recorded message.
cappabar: a misappropriation of government property; embezzlement or fraud carried out in the management of a ship.
sailfish: A fish of the genus Istiophorus, having a characteristic sail-like fin on its back.
sailfish: The basking shark (Cetorhinus maximus).
sailfish: The quillback (Carpiodes cyprinus).
scalding: An instance of scalding: a burn.
scalding: Synonym of escaline, (particularly) the form circulated by Stephen de Fulbourn in Ireland as a debased form of the sterling silver penny, outlawed under Edward I of England.
salivary: A salivary gland.
infusate: A fluid given intravenously over a period of time for medication or diagnostic purposes.
Shoshone: A member of this people.
escallop: A thin slice of meat, especially veal, normally shallow-fried.
escallop: A scallop.
blackeye: A basic coffee drink consisting of any size coffee with two shots of espresso added.
blackeye: A black-eyed species of white-eye, Zosterops emiliae (syn. Chlorocharis emiliae, mountain blackeye, olive blackeye).
moonbeam: A shaft of moonlight.
moonbeam: Moonlight generally.
moonbeam: Any of various Australasian lycaenid butterflies of the genus Philiris.
moonbeam: Someone who tends to be dreamy and prone to unrealistic romanticism.
moonbeam: A goal or aspiration that appears attractive but is ultimately insubstantial.
sapience: The property of being sapient, the property of possessing or being able to possess wisdom.
outplant: A gel-like prosthesis placed inside the cup of a bra (outside the breast) to enhance apparent breast size
doorstop: Any device or object used to halt the motion of a door, as a large or heavy object, a wedge, or some piece of hardware fixed to the floor, door or wall.
doorstop: A large book, which by implication could be used to stop a door.
doorstop: (in error for doorstep) A thick sandwich.
doorstop: An interview with a politician or other public figure (apparently informal or spontaneous but often planned), as they enter or leave a building.
bitching: A spiteful criticism or complaint.
snowmeow: A snow leopard.
auricula: The external part of the ear.
auricula: A small conical pouch projecting from either atrium of the heart.
auricula: A pronounced thickening at the corner of a trilete spore, beyond the end of the laesura.
crostata: A kind of Italian baked tart.
episteme: Scientific knowledge; a principled system of understanding; sometimes contrasted with empiricism.
episteme: know-how; compare techne.
episteme: The fundamental body of ideas and collective presuppositions that defines the nature and sets the bounds of what is accepted as true knowledge in a given epistemic epoch.
workflow: The rate at which a flow of work takes place
workflow: A process or procedure by which tasks are completed. It may be defined by a flowchart with actors, actions, results, decisions, and action paths.
galleass: A type of rowable vessel of the 16th and 17th centuries, similar to a galley but larger, and normally equipped with sails.
hardtack: A large, hard biscuit made from unleavened flour and water; formerly used as a long-term staple food aboard ships.
biophony: The cumulative non-human sound produced by living organisms in a given biome.
escapism: An inclination to escape from routine or reality into fantasy.
escapism: A genre of book, film etc. that one uses to indulge this tendency.
escapism: The performance of an escape artist.
complice: An accomplice; a supporter.
hypopyon: Collection of pus in the anterior chamber of the eye
flagpole: A tall pole up which one or more flags may be raised and flown.
plycount: The total number of moves in a game, counting each player's move as 1.
bluewash: A wash of blue paint or glaze.
bladelet: A small stone blade with one sharp and one blunt edge
adsorber: Something which adsorbs, especially a solid material, such as activated carbon, that has a high surface area and is used to capture a gas or liquid
trunking: All the electrical and communications cables bundled together and distributed through a building.
trunking: The movement of containers or packages between a terminal and a transporter's inland facilities, or the scheduled transportation service between locations.
trunking: A system of ducts for cables, heating or ventilation.
trunking: Plastic conduit or duct used to conceal and protect electrical wiring.
trunking: A two-way radio technique that uses a control channel to automatically assign frequency channels to groups of user radios.
redcedar: Alternative spelling of red cedar
sengreen: The houseleek (Sempervivum tectorum), a common plant of Europe.
didymium: A mixture of praseodymium and neodymium once thought to be an element (symbol Di).
nutgrass: Any perennial sedge of species Cyperus esculentus or Cyperus rotundus, that has small edible nutlike tubers.
eviction: The act of evicting.
eviction: The state of being evicted.
tidalite: A sediment deposited by tidal activity.
thymosin: A polypeptide hormone, secreted by the thymus, that stimulates the development of T cells as part of the immune system
escarole: A subspecies or variety of broad-leaved endive (Cichorium endivia subsp. endivia, syn. Cichorium endivia var. latifolium), which is eaten as a vegetable.
exiguity: The quality of being meagre or scanty.
day sign: Any of 20 glyphs used, along with a number from 1 to 13, in traditional Mesoamerican calendars to identify their 260 days.
titanite: A mixed calcium and titanium neosilicate, CaTiSiO₅, once known as sphene.
safeness: The property of being safe.
gazunder: A chamber pot.
fasciola: A band of grey matter bordering the fimbria in the brain; the dentate convolution.
pression: Pressure or an act of applying pressure.
trencher: A plate on which food is served or cut.
trencher: One who trenches; especially, one who cuts or digs ditches.
trencher: A machine for digging trenches.
guzunder: Alternative spelling of gazunder
methanes: Derivatives of methane. plural of methane
arc lamp: An electric arc arranged so as to produce useful light.
unbelief: An absence (or rejection) of belief, especially religious belief
megayear: A million years, a thousand thousand years.
fleecing: A confidence trick.
scoopful: The quantity in a scoop.
gigayear: A billion years, a thousand thousand thousand years.
red alga: Any algae of the phyla Rhodophyta, principally, and Glaucophyta, mostly reddish in colour.
anserine: A dipeptide compound present in birds and other vertebrates, originally isolated from goose muscle.
bearskin: The pelt of a bear, especially when used as a rug.
bearskin: A tall ceremonial hat worn by members of some British regiments for ceremonial occasions; a busby.
bearskin: A coarse, shaggy, woollen cloth for overcoats.
airbrush: A miniature, handheld paint sprayer, powered by compressed air or other gas, used for delicate, artistic painting, or sometimes retouching of photographs.
molehead: A stone bulwark forming a haven or harbour; a breakwater.
orlistat: A drug designed to treat obesity
vagarity: The character or state of being vagarious; capriciousness; irregularity.
vagarity: Vagary.
fibrosis: The formation of (excess) fibrous connective tissue in an organ.
brassica: Any of many plants of the genus Brassica, including cabbage, mustard and rapes
wakeover: A sleepover party in a public place, such as a church, at which little or no sleep actually takes place.
paleosol: A layer of fossil soil buried beneath other sediments or deposits.
radicand: The number or expression whose square root or other root is being considered.
trip hop: A genre of slow electronica combining elements of hip hop with melodic, often psychedelic, sounds and impressionistic lyrics.
cyberpet: A virtual pet in the form of an interactive program.
easiness: Lack of difficulty; quality of not being frustrating, difficult, or dense (compact).
easiness: Looseness or pliancy, often derogatory
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: Freedom from discomfort and worry: comfort.
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: Freedom from inhibition and awkwardness: grace.
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: Lack of concern or care: carelessness, indolence.
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: Lack of difficulty or trouble: facility; simplicity.
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: Lack of harshness: gentleness, kindness.
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: Lack of firm conviction: gullibility, credulity.
easiness: The state or quality of being easy (in various senses). particularly:
easiness: State or quality of being promiscuous, of consenting readily to sex; sluttiness.
pellicle: A thin skin or film.
pellicle: A skin or coating of proteins on the surface of meat to be smoked, improving the surface adhesion.
pellicle: Cuticle, the hard protective outer layer of certain life forms.
pellicle: The skin of a mushroom cap.
pellicle: The outermost layer of a mushroom, often used only for a surface that is viscid and easily peels off.
pellicle: A thin layer supporting the cell membrane in various protozoa.
pellicle: The growth on the surface of a liquid culture.
pellicle: The photosensitive emulsion of photographic film.
pellicle: A thin plastic membrane used as a beam splitter or protective cover.
assclown: A jerk; a buffoon; a person who is inept or ill-behaved to the point of being found laughable by others.
assclown: A jerk; a buffoon; a person who uses their nature to bring humor to others, but ends up being the butt of a joke.
flannels: clothing made of flannel; especially trousers
for loop: A section of code in which an instruction or group of instructions is executed a specific number of times depending on the value of a loop counter.
maneater: Alternative spelling of man-eater
matronym: The name of someone's mother.
matronym: A matronymic surname.
bluenose: A prude.
bluenose: A person from Nova Scotia, Canada.
bluenose: A person who has crossed the Arctic Circle.
bluenose: A variety of potato from Nova Scotia, Canada.
bluenose: A follower of Everton Football Club.
bluenose: A follower of Birmingham City Football Club.
bluenose: A trout cod (Maccullochella macquariensis)
bluenose: Antarctic butterfish (Hyperoglyphe antarctica)
bluenose: blue-throated wrasse (Notolabrus tetricus)
trip tic: A map, with the route to follow highlighted.
Latinity: The quality of a particular person's Latin speech or writing; the Latin language, as an area of study or interest.
Latinity: Latin character
Latinity: Latin literature considered as a whole
Latinity: A Latinism
metronym: The name of someone's mother.
metronym: A matronymic surname.
firedamp: An inflammable gas (mostly methane) found in coal mines; forms an explosive mixture with air.
brewster: A unit of stress optical coefficient which is equal to 10⁻¹² m²/N or 10⁻¹² Pa⁻¹. Symbol: B.
brewster: A female brewer.
brewster: A brewer (of either sex).
fishcake: A mixture of flaked fish, mashed potato and seasoning made into a patty and shallow fried.
poor box: A locked box with a slot for depositing coins into, usually placed in churches to accept donations for the needy.
ferryman: A man who operates a ferry.
ferryman: Charon.
patronym: The name of someone's father.
patronym: A patronymic surname.
hornbook: A single page containing the alphabet, covered with a sheet of transparent horn, formerly used for teaching children to read.
hornbook: A legal textbook that gives a basic overview of a particular area of law.
stowaway: A person who hides on board a ship, train, etc. so as to get a free passage.
Catalina: A twin-engined amphibious aircraft used during the Second World War.
Catalina: A Catalina coupon.
top tier: Top level, top rank, top standing.
top tier: Elite.
fishpond: A freshwater pond stocked with fish; especially one formerly attached to a monastery etc as a source of food
sedation: The act of sedating, especially by use of sedatives.
parlando: A piece of music to be sung or played in the style of a recitative.
schoolie: A senior school student, especially a school-leaver, engaged in unsupervised celebrations during schoolies week.
schoolie: A schoolteacher.
schoolie: An education officer.
schoolie: A juvenile gamefish (especially striped bass) at a stage where it tends to swim with others in schools rather than stay to itself.
stilbene: Either of two isomeric hydrocarbons, diphenylethylene, but especially the trans isomer, used in the manufacture of dyes and many other compounds.
dumb tax: The national lottery.
cubature: The process of determining the solid or cubic contents of a body.
attender: An attendee; one who attends a course, meeting, school, etc.
attender: An attendant; one who attends to someone or something.
attender: The subject; one who experiences.
cat-flap: Alternative form of cat flap
vinifera: Vitis vinifera, the common grape vine.
fettling: Repairing; mending; sorting.
fettling: A mixture of ore, cinders, etc., used to line the hearth of a puddling furnace.
fettling: The operation of shaving or smoothing the surface of undried clay ware.
biscotti: A hard, usually nut-flavored biscuit, derived from the Tuscan cantuccio.
camphire: Camphor.
camphire: 1734, George Sale, The Koran, commonly called the Alcoran of Mohammed, London: C. Ackers, Chapter 78, page 475
camphire: Câfûr is the name of a fountain in paradise, so called from its resembling camphire (which the word signifies) in odour, and whiteness. Some take the word for an appellative, and think the wine of paradise will be mixed with camphire, because of its agreeable coolness and smell.
camphire: 1786, John Hunter, A Treatise on the Venereal Disease, London, Part II, Chapter IX, Section VI, page 108
camphire: Sitting over the steam of warm water with camphire, might be tried, especially in such cases as are not disposed to be permanent, and rubbing the scrotum with mercurial ointment joined with camphire.
camphire: The fragrant henna flower (or plant) (Lawsonia inermis, syn. Lawsonia alba)
scrapper: A person who disposes of scraps.
scrapper: A person who fights doggedly, who exhibits indomitable will.
accessor: Someone or something that accesses.
accessor: A function that retrieves a value, usually without changing any data.
seconder: Something that lasts or takes a specified number of seconds.
seconder: The person who makes a second to a motion in any formal procedure, such as a parliamentary procedure.
seconder: A Cub Scout serving as a second-in-command to a sixer.
seconder: A person who seconds; a person who climbs after the leader
fumigant: Any substance used, in the gaseous state, to fumigate or disinfect.
gladiola: Gladiolus.
calciner: A person who calcines.
calciner: A device or container in which calcination takes place.
gasworks: A factory where gas is generated or distributed (whether for industrial consumption or for residential distribution), as:
gasworks: One where coal is converted to coal gas and coke.
gasworks: A factory where gas is generated or distributed (whether for industrial consumption or for residential distribution), as:
gasworks: One where water gas was generated for distribution.
gasworks: A factory where gas is generated or distributed (whether for industrial consumption or for residential distribution), as:
gasworks: One that formerly generated coal gas or water gas and now distributes natural gas from a pipeline.
simuland: A thing to be simulated.
harebell: A perennial flowering plant, Campanula rotundifolia, native to the Northern Hemisphere, with blue, bell-like flowers.
harebell: foxglove
colletor: A multicellular trichome of a leaf or bud scale that produces a sticky secretion; a group or tuft of mucilaginous secretory hairs, usually found near the base of the leaf lamina and on the calyx.
rallying: The act of one who rallies.
autotomy: The spontaneous removal of a limb, tail etc, especially by some invertebrates as a self-defense mechanism.
Cestrian: A native or resident of any of the places called Chester (or Chester-le-Street, etc), especially Chester, England.
nonevent: An anticipated event that does not occur, or one that is a disappointing anticlimax.
palimony: A form of alimony paid to a former partner in a nonmarital relationship.
seatmate: One who shares a seat (such as a bench or other surface that seats more than one).
seatmate: One who sits next to another.
gardenia: Any of various tropical evergreen small trees or shrubs, of the genus Gardenia, having glossy leaves and white flowers.
gardenia: The flower of these plants.
good egg: A good person, someone to be trusted; a friend.
dispermy: The penetration of an ovum by two spermatozoa.
futurist: An adherent to the principles of the artistic movement of futurism.
futurist: One who studies and predicts possible futures.
queendom: The condition or character of a queen; queenly rule, power, or authority.
queendom: A realm ruled by a queen.
queendom: The subjects of such a realm.
alpinism: Mountain climbing.
euphuism: An ornate style of writing (in Elizabethan England) marked by the excessive use of alliteration, antithesis and mythological similes.
euphuism: An instance of euphuism.
annexing: An annexation.
hat hair: An accidental messy hairdo resulting from the wearing of a hat.
vendange: The annual grape harvest, especially in France.
seascape: A view of the sea.
seascape: A piece of art that depicts the sea or shoreline.
borogove: An animal introduced in the nonsense poem Jabberwocky. According to Humpty Dumpty, a borogove is "a thin shabby-looking bird with its feathers sticking out all round, something like a live mop." According to Mischmasch, it is "an extinct kind of parrot. They had no wings, beaks turned up, and made their nests under sun-dials: lived on veal."
leucæmia: Alternative spelling of leukemia
leukæmia: Alternative spelling of leukemia
sporange: A sporangium.
numeracy: The quality of being numerate; numerical skill.
nosecone: Alternative spelling of nose cone
ninepins: The game of skittles.
roborant: A restorative tonic.
dalmatic: A long wide-sleeved tunic, which serves as a liturgical vestment in the Roman Catholic and Anglican Churches and is worn by a deacon at the Eucharist or Mass and, although infrequently, by bishops as an undergarment above the alb.
limousin: A breed of beef cattle.
trichina: Any of several parasitic roundworms, of the genus Trichinella, that infect the intestines and cause trichinosis
sidelobe: The part of an antenna response pattern which is not contained in the main beam
megalopa: The final larval stage found in decapod crustaceans
glibness: The condition of being glib
successe: Archaic form of success.
huehuetl: An ancient Mesoamerican percussion instrument, an upright tubular drum made from a wooden body opened at the bottom that stands on three legs cut from its base, with skin stretched over the top, and played by hand or with a mallet.
egg ring: a round metal ring, approximately 1 cm high, used when cooking to prevent an egg spreading across the cooking surface.
seedcase: A pouch-like structure of a plant that encloses the seeds.
mostarda: An Italian condiment made of candied fruit and a mustard-flavoured syrup.
riddance: The act of being rid of something; deliverance
riddance: The earth thrown up by a burrowing animal.
Newspeak: Alternative letter-case form of newspeak
beer gut: A beer belly.
sverdrup: A unit of measure of volume transport, used in oceanography, equal to 1 million cubic metres per second. Symbol: Sv
restrike: The striking again of a key, for example on a piano.
restrike: A coin newly struck from old dies after the original minting of that coin had ceased.
restrike: The reignition of the arc in an arc lamp.
bundling: Arrangement in a bundle or collection.
bundling: An old custom in Wales, New England, and elsewhere for sweethearts to sleep on the same bed without undressing.
pill bug: Any of very many terrestrial crustaceans, of the family Armadillidiidae, a subgroup of the woodlice, that can roll themselves up into a protective ball.
beer can: A lightweight metallic can containing beer.
gracilis: A slender superficial muscle of the inner thigh.
cytisine: A polycyclic alkaloid whose pharmacological activity is similar to nicotine; used in the treatment of nicotinism.
scrunchy: Alternative spelling of scrunchie
seafront: The seashore, the coast.
seafront: The waterfront of a seaside town.
go fever: An urge to commence a planned journey regardless of circumstances.
sheikdom: The domain ruled by a sheik.
tabletop: The flat, horizontal upper surface of a table.
tabletop: A fixed item resembling a table, used for performing skateboarding tricks.
tabletop: A photograph of an object or product placed on a table.
tabletop: Ellipsis of tabletop game.
rebolter: A person who replaces dangerous or broken climbing bolts in frequently-used climbs
Golgotha: A charnel house.
Golgotha: A hat.
ageusiac: A person who has no sense of taste, or who has lost the sense of taste.
radiolus: The barbule of a feather
wax bean: Any of several forms of Phaseolus vulgaris (common bean) having a yellow or other-coloured pod; the butter bean
JavaBean: A reusable software component written in Java, allowing access to its properties using standardized getter and setter methods.
malapert: A cheeky, impudent, or saucy person.
overling: A superior.
overling: A ruler; master.
made man: A man whose fortune has been made.
made man: A person who has been through an induction ceremony into the Mafia or similar organisation.
vesperal: A book containing details of the chants and rituals associated with vespers.
runabout: Any of several small vehicles, especially a small motor car for use on short journeys.
runabout: A motor car having a single row of seats.
runabout: A light, open, American horse-drawn vehicle with four large wheels.
runabout: A gadabout or vagabond.
runabout: A small, relatively maneuverable spacecraft or shuttlecraft.
underuse: The act of using (something) less than expected.
dropdown: An instance of a selection object that hides the contents (especially the other choices) until activated.
rosiness: The quality of being rosy.
roomette: A small private compartment, for one person, in a railroad sleeping car.
rowdyism: The state of being rowdy.
baronage: barons or nobles collectively
baronage: an annotated list of barons or peers
baronage: barony, the dignity or rank of a baron
baronage: barony, the land which gives title to a baron
bandsman: A player in a musical band, especially a military or brass band.
bandsman: A labourer (loader) working with a band of men.
rockfall: A quantity of rocks that has fallen from a cliff etc.
basswood: Any of several trees of the genus Tilia; the lindens, especially Tilia americana, the American basswood.
gaminess: The quality of being gamy.
gangland: The underworld of organized crime.
gameness: The quality of being game; bravery, courage or pluck
orchidea: Synonym of orchid
bayberry: The fruit of the wax myrtle shrub; or the plant itself (Morella cerifera), with aromatic, leathery leaves and waxy berries.
bayberry: The fruit of the wax myrtle shrub; or the plant itself (Morella cerifera), with aromatic, leathery leaves and waxy berries.
bayberry: Other species in the family Myricaceae, especially in genus Myrica; bay-rum tree, candleberry.
bayberry: The fruit of the bay laurel (Laurus nobilis).
bayberry: West Indian bay tree (Pimenta racemosa), a tropical American shrub with aromatic leaves that are used in the preparation of bay rum.
sureness: The property of being sure, certainty.
sureness: The property of being sure, deft, confident of ability.
sureness: The result or product of being sure.
nosology: A treatise or written classification of diseases.
nosology: The study of diseases; the systematic investigation or classification of disease.
nosology: The characteristics or scientific understanding of a specific disease.
gamester: A person who plays games.
gamester: One who plays video games.
gamester: A gambler.
gamester: A prostitute; one who is on the game.
valspeak: The sociolect spoken by stereotypical Southern Californian valley girls.
clothier: A person who makes or sells cloth or clothing.
roughage: Originally (archaic), garbage, rubbish, or waste; later (agriculture) the portions of a crop which are discarded, such as husks, stalks, etc.; also, agricultural waste such as weeds.
roughage: Coarse or rough plant material such as hay and silage used as animal fodder.
roughage: Substances, generally of plant origin, consisting mostly of complex carbohydrates which are undigested when eaten by humans, and which therefore help the passage of food and waste through the alimentary tract; dietary fibre.
bankbook: passbook, chequebook
bankbook: wealth
hump day: Wednesday.
cragsman: A (skillful) male climber of crags.
milk bar: A convenience store.
milk bar: A small shop and/or cafe, often part of a larger shop, that sells fast food and a range of dairy based beverages such as milkshakes and ice creams; a deli or delicatessen.
garroter: A person who uses a garrote.
garroter: A person who strangles someone from behind.
helminth: A parasitic worm; a fluke, tapeworm, or nematode.
Flying V: A wooden electric guitar with a futuristic shape.
gunfight: A battle (or a duel) using small arms.
barberry: Any of the thorny shrubs of genus Berberis, which bear yellow flowers and red or blue-black berries.
Smartism: A denomination of the Hindu religion whose adherents follow the Vedas and Shastras, primarily the Advaita Vedanta philosophy of Adi Shankara.
redouble: An optional bid made by the side currently holding the highest bid for the contract, after the opposing side has doubled.
jokester: A person who tells jokes; a joker.
jokester: A person who plays practical jokes.
jokester: Jester, court jester.
galleria: An indoor area, or covered courtyard, containing shops.
mitigant: Something that mitigates; a lenitive.
baffling: An act of foiling or thwarting.
surveyor: A person occupied with surveying -- the process of determining positions on the earth's surface.
surveyor: A person charged with inspecting something for the purpose of determining its condition, value, etc.
tubeworm: Any of many marine polychaete worms, mostly of the family Serpulidae, which construct permanent calcareous tubes on rocks, ship bottoms etc.
valuator: A person who estimates the value of something; an appraiser.
sealbore: The polished bore of an oil well that accepts a seal assembly as part of a production packer.
tung oil: An oil extracted from the seeds of the tung tree and used in paints and varnishes.
turbofan: A turbojet engine having a (typically ducted) fan that forces air directly into the hot exhaust and obtains a portion of the thrust from the turbojet and a portion from the turbojet section.
ampacity: The root mean square of the electrical current which a device (usually a wire) can carry within a specific environment (including temperature rating, power loss, heat dissipation, etc.) It is measured in amperes (amps) and is most often used to rate electrical wires and cables.
darndest: Alternative spelling of darnedest
turbojet: A jet engine that develops thrust solely from high-speed exhaust gases expelled from a turbine that drives a compressor.
gemology: The art and science of gems.
mazement: A trancelike state; amazement.
preening: A grooming or posturing.
sewerage: A network of sewer pipes that geographically transfers wastewater; a sewer system.
sewerage: Sewage.
tlatoani: An emperor of the Aztec kingdom.
bad mind: malicious intent; animosity
grown-up: An adult.
defusion: The act of defusing.
defusion: The separation of an emotion or behavior-provoking verbal stimulus from the unwanted emotional or behavioral response as part of a therapeutic process. A neologism meant to indicate the reversal of thought-emotion-action fusion.
defusion: Misspelling of diffusion.
rispetto: A kind of Tuscan poem of two quatrains in iambic tetrameter.
cordless: Clipping of cordless telephone.
registry: A building in which things are registered or where registers are kept.
registry: A record; an account; a register.
registry: The act of registering; registration.
registry: A database of configuration settings etc. maintained by the Microsoft Windows operating system.
treble C: the C note exactly one octave above middle C
fur seal: A marine mammal of either of the genera Arctocephalus or Callorhinus of the eared seal family Otariidae, differing from the sea lions in having dense underfur.
opuscule: A small or petty work.
deeksies: Alternative spelling of deekies (“a quick look”)
middle C: A specific musical note, particularly the note C4, at approximately 261.6 hertz, appearing at the middle of the alto staff and directly between the treble and bass staves.
middle C: The key on a piano or other keyboard instrument corresponding to this note.
stagione: A system for presenting opera, whereby each production is cast separately and has a brief but intensive run of performances.
shoetree: A foot-shaped device placed in a shoe to maintain its shape when not being worn.
homology: The relationship of being homologous; a homologous relationship;
homology: specifically, such relationship in the context of the geometry of perspective.
homology: An automorphism of the projective plane (representing a perspective projection) that leaves all the points of some straight line (the homology axis) fixed and maps all the lines through some single point (the homology centre) onto themselves.
homology: A general way of associating a sequence of algebraic objects, such as abelian groups or modules, to a sequence of topological spaces; also used attributively: see Usage notes below.
homology: Given a chain complex {Gₙ} and its associated set of homomorphisms {Hₙ}, the rule which explains how each Hₙ maps Gₙ into the kernel of Gₙ₊₁.
homology: The relationship, between elements, of being in the same group of the periodic table.
homology: The relationship, between organic compounds, of being in the same homologous series.
homology: The relationship, between characteristics or behaviours, of having a shared evolutionary or developmental origin;
homology: specifically, a correspondence between structures in separate life forms having a common evolutionary origin, such as that between flippers and hands.
homology: The presence of the same series of bases in different but related genes.
homology: The relationship, between temporally separated human beliefs, practices or artefacts, of possessing shared characteristics attributed to genetic or historical links to a common ancestor.
puckfist: A puffball (Lycoperdon giganteum).
conidium: A fungal spore produced asexually in a conidiophore.
chuffing: A noisy puffing sound, as of a steam locomotive.
calamint: Any species of aromatic garden herb of the genus Calamintha, now often included in Clinopodium.
shuffler: A person who shuffles.
shuffler: A machine that shuffles.
shuffler: Any of the three common American scaup ducks.
shuffler: A trickster.
subtotal: The total for a part of a list of numbers being summed.
dartitis: A nervous condition which prevents a darts player from releasing the dart at the optimum moment.
greigite: A magnetic form of iron sulfide, Fe²⁺Fe³⁺₂S₄, analogous to magnetite, produced by microorganisms and found in lake sediments; Note: half the iron ions are ferrous and half ferric.
pertness: The quality of being pert; cheekiness, impudence.
pertness: The quality of being pert; firmness (usually of breasts).
megacity: A very large city; a megalopolis.
pompatus: One who is pompous or splendid.
pompatus: Pomp, ostentatiousness, or spectacle.
crotalum: A kind of clapper or castanet used in religious dances by groups in Ancient Greece (including the Korybants) and elsewhere.
shoebill: Balaeniceps rex, a tall wading bird related to the stork, native to tropical African swamps; the sole species of the family Balaenicipitidae.
overheat: A condition of being overheated.
polylege: An insect that collects pollen from the flowers of a variety of unrelated plants.
half ass: The onager.
shipyard: A place where ships are built and repaired.
tee ball: Alternative spelling of T-ball
perchery: A series of cages, each containing several perches, in which hens are kept for intensive egg production.
uthappam: A pancake made from rice and lentil flour with tomatoes, spices etc.
ju-jitsu: Alternative spelling of jujitsu
limnetic: Any animal that lives in the limnetic zone.
scything: The act of using a scythe.
scything: The mown material left after using a scythe.
Monsieur: Mister, especially in a French context.
overpass: A section of a road or path that crosses over an obstacle, especially another road, railway, etc.
folderol: Nonsense or foolishness.
folderol: A decorative object of little value; a trifle or gewgaw.
fair bet: An assumption that is likely to be true.
campagna: A flat stretch of countryside; open rural plain.
foreyard: A yard in front; front yard
foreyard: A yard on the lower mast of a square-rigged foremast of a ship used to support the foresail.
patagium: The thin membrane that extends between the limbs and body of a bat or of gliding mammals.
patagium: A similar membrane between the body and wing of a bird.
patagium: One of the scales affixed to the pronotum of lepidopterous insects; the tegula.
halophil: halobacterium
city boy: A male inhabitant of a city, or one who prefers city life
city boy: A man who works in the financial sector (often capitalised).
pantsing: The pulling down of a person's trousers, usually as a prank or form of bullying.
pantsing: An improvised style of writing without an outline.
clewline: Outermost of the ropes with which a square sail is rolled up to the yard
castanet: A single handheld percussion instrument consisting of a pair of concave shells or shell-shaped parts joined on one edge by string.
singeing: The act or process of slightly burning.
singeing: A singe; a slight burn.
gustatio: The first course of a dinner in Ancient Rome, intended to stimulate the appetite.
spreader: An object or person who spreads.
spreader: A spacer or device for keeping two objects apart.
spreader: A device used to spread bulk material.
spreader: A knife or spatula used to distribute a substance such as butter or jelly.
spreader: A horizontal athwartships spar attached to the mast of a sailboat in order to extend the shrouds away from the mast.
spreader: A machine for combining and drawing fibers of flax to form a sliver preparatory to spinning.
spreader: The moving platform of a container crane.
spreader: A member of a cracking group who distributes warez.
sextuple: a sixfold amount
sextuple: A team that wins 6 titles in the same year or season.
stubbies: A pair of elasticised shorts.
streusel: A crumbly topping for cakes and quick breads. It is made of sugar, flour, butter, cinnamon, and often chopped nuts.
resinate: Any salt of a resin acid
hard hat: A helmet, usually made from rigid plastic, used on construction sites to protect the head from falling objects.
road-hog: Alternative spelling of road hog
wannigan: A box, usually made of wood, used to store food on canoe or sledding trips.
thurifer: An acolyte who carries a thurible.
liftback: hatchback
redbelly: The char (fish of genus Salvelinus)
goof-off: An idle or work-shy person; a shirker.
snowsuit: An all-in-one waterproof insulating garment.
road hog: A motorist who straddles two lanes of traffic or otherwise monopolizes the road.
road hog: A bad or inconsiderate driver of a motor vehicle.
foldamer: A relatively small molecule that adopts a folded structure similar to that of a protein or other biological macromolecule
snowboot: A water-resistant type of footwear with extra insulation or lining.
headrush: A sudden feeling of dizziness and/or euphoria, such as:
headrush: orthostatic hypotension, due to low blood pressure, for example when standing up suddenly.
headrush: A sudden feeling of dizziness and/or euphoria, such as:
headrush: nicotine rush, for example in people who seldom smoke, or when smoking on an empty stomach.
headrush: A sudden feeling of dizziness and/or euphoria, such as:
headrush: a rush induced by mind-altering drugs.
headrush: A sudden feeling of dizziness and/or euphoria, such as:
headrush: a rush due to emotional agitation or excitement, for example when seeing someone one is in love with.
headrush: Something exciting or thrilling.
sciurine: A member of the squirrel subfamily of Sciurinae.
slob ice: Slushy sea ice.
Dartmoor: A pony of a compact, hardy breed found in Devon, England.
hit list: A roster of potential victims, especially a list of people to be killed.
hit list: A similar list of people to be approached for a charitable donation.
hit list: Any list of things to be acquired or conquered.
newsreel: A short film containing news or current affairs; especially one of several shown in sequence.
newsreel: The genre of such films.
briefing: A short and concise summary of a situation.
briefing: A presentation of information or instruction; the meeting at which it is presented.
tunicate: Any of very many chordate marine animals, of the subphyla Tunicata or Urochordata, including the sea squirts.
hawkbill: Alternative form of hawksbill.
hawkbill: A style of blade with a hooked end (so named for its fancied resemblance to a hawk's bill).
hawkfish: Any of various tropical, perciform marine fish of the family Cirrhitidae, found around the coral reefs of the western and eastern Atlantic and Indo-Pacific.
hawk-eye: A person with keen eyesight or one who is especially observant.
hawk-eye: A native or inhabitant of Iowa.
pungency: The state of being pungent.
pungency: A foul odor.
hen-hawk: Any hawk supposed to prey on poultry.
hawknose: A nose shaped like a hawk's beak.
pondhawk: Any of several dragonflies, of the genus Erythemis, native to North America.
mucilage: A thick gluey substance (gum) produced by many plants and some microorganisms.
snakelet: A baby snake.
clotting: Clotted material.
put-down: An insult or barb; a snide or demeaning remark.
bye-blow: Alternative spelling of by-blow
plodding: Slow, laborious progress.
hawkweed: Any species of plant of the genus Hieracium and its segregate genus Pilosella, in the sunflower family (Asteraceae).
old bean: An old friend; an old chap or fellow.
dionysia: The orgiastic Ancient Greek festivals seasonally held in honor of Dionysus, which evolved into Greek comedy and tragedy.
sillcock: A faucet designed to be installed horizontally on the outside wall of a building, typically to attach a hose.
babymoon: A period of calm spent together by a newborn baby and its parents.
babymoon: A last vacation taken by expectant parents before a baby is born.
sitarist: Someone who plays a sitar.
sketcher: One who sketches.
univalve: A univalve mollusk or its shell.
placater: One who placates.
bus duct: A collection of busbars, in an enclosed unit, that distributes large amounts of electrical power
swayback: An excessive sagging of the spine of a quadruped animal, especially a horse.
swayback: An animal with such excessive sagging.
characin: Any of many diverse fish, of the order Characiformes, related to the carp and catfish and including the tetra, which were formerly all included in the family Characidae.
evenness: The quality of being even (flat or close in numbers).
sherbert: Alternative spelling of sherbet (“food of frozen fruit juice with a dairy product added”)
bullring: Alternative form of bull ring (“area where a bullfight takes place”)
six-pack: A collection of six of something bundled together, especially six cans.
six-pack: A highly developed set of abdominal muscles.
six-pack: A selection of six photographs, including one of a suspect, used for identification by a witness.
affresco: Alternative form of fresco (“type of artwork”)
USB port: A socket on a personal computer or peripheral device into which a USB cable is plugged.
midfield: The portion of a team which typically plays centrally, between the attack (or forwards) and the defence (or backs).
midfield: The middle of the field of play.
nurturer: A person who nurtures someone or something.
paronyme: Obsolete form of paronym.
pappadam: Alternative spelling of papadam
poppodom: Rare spelling of papadam.
pappadum: Alternative spelling of papadam
no-trump: A declaration, in bridge and similar games, that a hand is to be played without a trump suit.
quenelle: A light dumpling made of lightly spiced minced meat or fish bound with egg and poached.
quenelle: An elliptical shape moulded by chefs from soft foods using two spoons.
quenelle: A gesture which is usually performed by pointing one arm diagonally downwards palm down, while touching the shoulder with the opposite hand, in a manner similar to an inverted Nazi salute.
inchworm: The larva of a moth of the family Geometridae.
nursling: A young child or animal being nursed.
spumante: Any of several Italian sparkling wines, some of which are made using the méthode champenoise.
fishhawk: The osprey.
slimness: The property of being slim.
slimness: The result or product of being slim.
beerbong: Alternative spelling of beer bong
notifier: A person or thing which notifies or provides notification.
mezquita: A Moorish or Spanish mosque.
nucleate: Any salt of a nucleic acid.
smugness: The state or quality of being smug.
smugness: The result or product of being smug.
bath mat: A small mat used next to a bathtub to absorb water and thus prevent slipping.
sniveler: One who snivels.
sniveler: A person who whines and complains about small matters.
sloucher: A person who slouches.
sloucher: A slouch hat.
shutdown: The action of stopping operations; a closing, of a computer, business, event, etc.
shutdown: A statement, insult, etc. that prevents the opponent from replying further.
shutdown: An autistic response to stress or sensory overload, in which the individual freezes up and becomes silent, motionless, and unresponsive.
TV guide: A book, magazine or website that lists the television schedule.
TV guide: An interactive menu-based system displaying the television schedule on the television screen.
switcher: One who or that which operates a switch.
switcher: One who or that which switches, or changes to something else.
switcher: A switchmode power supply.
switcher: A railway locomotive used for shunting; a shunter.
switcher: Synonym of vision mixer (“device for selecting between video sources”)
lutherie: The craft of making stringed musical instruments.
guy wire: Alternative spelling of guy-wire
guy rope: A rope or cable used to steady either a tall structure, or a thing being hoisted or lowered
midpoint: A point equidistant between two extremes.
midpoint: A point which divides a line segment into two lines of equal length.
guy-wire: A metal guy rope used to stabilize a tall structure (such as a radio mast).
sublease: A lease sublet by a tenant or lessee to a subtenant.
falderal: Alternative spelling of folderol
schizoid: someone with schizoid personality disorder
schizoid: someone with schizophrenia
shipmate: A fellow sailor serving on the same ship as another.
shipmate: Any sailor (when used as a form of address by a sailor).
shipload: The amount (of cargo) that a ship can carry.
shantung: A heavy fabric, with a rough surface, made from wild silk.
shantung: A fabric of some other material having the same characteristics.
skinhead: Someone with a shaved head.
skinhead: A member of a subculture that arose among working-class youth in late 1960s England or its diaspora, defined by close-cropped or shaven heads and working-class clothing, and often incorrectly associated with violence and white-supremacist or anti-immigrant principles.
old hand: A person who is experienced at a certain activity.
pectopah: A Russian (or Serbian, Mongolian, etc.) restaurant.
clean-up: Alternative spelling of cleanup.
sizzling: Such a hissing sound.
conching: A process in the manufacture of chocolate in which the flavour and texture is refined by warming and grinding, either in a traditional concher or between rollers.
railhead: A point on a railway system where goods (or passengers) are loaded, unloaded or transferred to other transport.
railhead: The furthest point on a railroad/railway under construction to which rails have been laid.
railhead: The top surface (head) of a rail.
railhead: An area of hostile territory at the end of a rail line that, when captured, serves for the continuous movement into position of further troops and material.
sneaking: The act of one who sneaks.
snarling: The act of producing a snarl or growl.
agentive: A word having an agentive construction.
sorption: Either of the processes of absorption and adsorption; sorbing.
blastema: A clump of undifferentiated cells or blasts, from which an organ or body part will develop, either during the normal growth of an embryo or in the regeneration of a lost body part.
didapper: A small diving water bird frequenting rivers and fresh waters, specifically a little grebe or dabchick.
didapper: A scoundrel, a worthless person
frat boy: A member of a fraternity in a college or university
thirlage: The right of the owner of a mill to compel tenants to bring all their grain to that mill for milling.
stelling: A site or position (especially at shoreline or with reference to (former) Dutch colonies)
mumbling: An act in which someone mumbles something
dawdling: gerund of dawdle: the act of one who dawdles.
cineplex: A cinema having multiple theatres (showing rooms).
canoodle: A cuddle, hug, or caress
pit bull: A pit bull terrier.
pit bull: A person with a reputation for pugnacity.
tailpipe: An exhaust pipe (on a vehicle) (in any configuration)
tailpipe: An exhaust pipe exhausting to the aft of the vehicle
epiphyte: A plant that grows on another, using it for physical support but obtaining no nutrients from it and neither causing damage nor offering benefit; an air plant.
epiphyte: A fungus that grows on a plant but does not feed upon it saprotrophically (an epiphytic fungus); the science of detecting and studying any such symbiosis as may be involved in this relationship is still developing.
pimiento: Synonym of pimento, a cultivar of Capsicum annuum.
polyword: A phrase that acts like a single word.
half-wit: A stupid or inept person.
fragging: The premeditated murder of one's superior officer in a military unit
therblig: Any of a set of fundamental motions required for a worker to perform a manual operation.
sourball: A hard candy with a sour flavor.
call box: A box containing a telephone for use in emergency, usually mounted on a post in an area where normal access to telephones is inconvenient (such as on an interstate highway or a very long highway bridge)
call box: The wall-mounted box allowing a person to speak into an intercom
call box: Synonym of telephone box (enclosure)
bardiche: A poleaxe with a long blade that extends beyond the shaft.
greasing: An application of grease.
rapacity: The quality of being rapacious; voracity.
jiggling: A motion that jiggles.
peduncle: The axis of an inflorescence; the stalk supporting an inflorescence.
peduncle: A short stalk at the base of a leaf or reproductive structure.
peduncle: A bundle of neurons connecting different parts of the brain.
peduncle: In arthropods, the base segments of an antenna or stalk-like structures such as the peduncles of some barnacles
peduncle: In vertebrates, the base of any relatively massive anatomical member connected to the body by a narrower section. Cf. caudal peduncle of fishes.
peduncle: A stem attaching a mass of tissue (such as a polyp) to the body.
peduncle: A collection of nerves in the appendage of an animal (such as the tip of a dolphin's tail).
scrapple: A tool for scraping.
scrapple: A mush of pork scraps, particularly head parts, and cornmeal or flour, which is boiled and poured into a mold, where the rendered gelatinous broth from cooking jells the mixture into a loaf.
cathetus: A line perpendicular to a surface (or line); in particular, either of the sides of a right triangle other than its hypotenuse.
blastoma: A tumour that is caused by malignancies in precursor cells or blasts.
bluffing: A bluff; a false expression of the strength of one's position in order to intimidate.
flinting: The act of making a flint tool.
spoiling: plunder; pillage
clashing: A clash; the sound or action of clashing; violent collision.
dilatant: A dilator.
dilatant: A substance whose viscosity increases with rate of shear.
wellhead: The place where a spring breaks out of the ground; the source of water for a stream or well.
wellhead: The source of something; a fountainhead.
wellhead: The surface structure of an oil well etc.
somesuch: Some such thing
pH meter: A voltmeter that uses the potential at a glass electrode to determine the pH of the solution in which it is immersed
garaging: The act of parking a vehicle in a garage.
snooping: A secret spying or investigation.
seigneur: A feudal lord or noble in French contexts.
seigneur: The hereditary feudal ruler of Sark.
seigneur: A landowner in Canada; the holder of a seigneurie.
seigneur: A hereditary title in the Bailiwick of Jersey.
en garde: Ellipsis of en garde position.; the start position in fencing.
parrilla: A form of torture where the victim is strapped to a metal frame and subjected to electric shock.
grabbing: The act of one who grabs; a snatching.
copyhold: A former form of tenure in which the title deeds were a copy of the manorial roll.
glassful: The amount that a glass will hold.
avvocato: An Italian lawyer.
yersinia: A Gram-negative bacterium, of the genus Yersinia, that is an etiological agent of several diseases in animals and humans, notably Yersinia pestis, which causes bubonic plague.
consular: A Roman consul.
wurtzite: A dark brown zinc iron sulfide mineral ((Zn,Fe)S), a form of sphalerite.
neck oil: Beer or other alcoholic drink.
doubloon: A former Spanish gold coin, also used in its American colonies. [from early 17th c.]
doubloon: A former Spanish gold coin, also used in its American colonies.
doubloon: Clipping of doubloonie.
doubloon: Alternative form of dabloon (“fictional currency”)
toweling: Alternative form of towelling
stockpot: A large pot, such as is used for making stock or for cooking large amounts of soup.
blue law: A law that prohibits or restricts commercial activity on Sunday.
blue law: Any of the highly restrictive and rigorously enforced laws governing morality and conduct in colonial New England.
surtitle: A translation of a segment of the libretto or other text or sometimes a brief summary of the plot projected onto a screen above the stage during a performance of an opera or other similar performance sung in a foreign language; a supertitle.
foothill: A hill at the base of a mountain or mountain range.
musicale: A musical entertainment, usually private and typically involving classical music
actionee: The recipient of an action item; the person assigned responsibility for a specific task or issue.
dustmote: A mote or speck of dust.
adultism: A predisposition towards adults (or a bias against children or other younger people).
nullomer: A sequence of bases (in a nucleic acid) that is absent in one species (especially human) but may be present in others.
advocaat: A Dutch liqueur made of egg yolks, sugar and strong liquor, typically brandy.
spy ring: A network of spies.
reveille: The sounding of a bugle or drum early in the morning to awaken soldiers.
nut ball: Alternative form of nutball
bungling: An act of incompetence or ineptitude.
chanteur: A male singer; often specifically a popular or cabaret singer.
birdbath: A shallow basin, sometimes ornamental, filled with water for wild birds to drink from or bathe in.
birdbath: Random, inconsequential amounts of residual water on a roof membrane.
ductwork: The system of ducts in a particular building.
clàrsach: Alternative spelling of clarsach.
bentwood: Lengths of wood that have been made pliable by heating with steam and then bent into the appropriate shape (to make furniture, ships' hulls, etc.).
bentwood: An object, especially a piece of furniture, made from bentwood.
eisegete: A person who places meaning on a text which is not originally or inherently present in the text itself.
beechnut: The small, triangular, edible nut of the beech tree.
feverfew: A European aromatic perennial herb, Tanacetum parthenium (or Chrysanthemum parthenium or Pyrethrum parthenium), having daisy-like flowers; valued as a traditional medicine, especially for headaches.
strafing: The act of one who strafes.
Bartlett: A kind of English pear.
buttload: A regional English measure of capacity of a heavy cart (a butt), containing 6 seams, or 48 bushels, equivalent to 384 gallons.
buttload: A large amount carried in a butt.
buttload: Any large but unspecific amount.
skinship: Bonding through physical (touch, skin-to-skin) contact; particularly between family members, relatives and loved ones.
skinship: Spending time together naked for social bonding.
flatworm: Any of very many parasitic or free-living worms, of the phylum Platyhelminthes, having a flattened body with no skeleton or body cavity.
halligan: A tool, used mostly by firemen, to pry open buildings, manholes, wrecked cars, etc.
coal bed: A coal seam.
sewering: The act of constructing or replacing a sewer system for a new development or neighborhood.
megadose: A dose of drug or vitamin far exceeding the normal or recommended amount, and usually given intentionally. Compare overdose.
gulosity: Excessive appetite; greed, gluttony.
ceramist: A person who makes ceramics objects; a potter.
cementum: A bony substance that covers the root of a tooth; cement.
man page: A helpfile in Unix and Unix-like operating systems.
helpfile: A computer file explaining how to use the associated software.
baricity: The density of a substance compared to the density of human cerebral spinal fluid.
ex stock: Goods which are available immediately from a supplier's stock-holding and therefore with little or no lead time (other than delivery).
centrism: Any moderate political philosophy that avoids extremes.
wordmark: A logotype; a standardized graphic representation of the name of a company or product used for purposes of easy identification. It is often text with unique typographic or graphical treatment.
wordmark: A bit in each memory location on some variable-word-length computers (e.g. IBM 1401, IBM 1620) used to mark the end of a word.
cachepot: An ornamental container for a flowerpot.
dog bone: a bone that is given to a dog to chew on and play with, similar to a dog biscuit. They can be real bones, or they can be made of other materials like plastic or leather
dog bone: a 2- or 3-dimensional compound shape, evocative of a dog biscuit or dog-bone toy with a central shaft and two lobes (analogous to femoral condyles) at each end
dog bone: the penis
cabstand: A place where taxis wait for passengers; a taxi rank.
codebase: The body of source code used to create a particular computer program or software component.
caginess: The quality of being cagey.
bechamel: Alternative spelling of béchamel
centrist: A person who advocates centrism.
béchamel: Ellipsis of béchamel sauce.
calvaria: The dome or roof of the skull, the skullcap.
lanthorn: Archaic form of lantern.
gunkhole: A small cove, especially a small fishing community.
alginate: Any salt or ester of alginic acid.
bombards: Padded breeches.
camisole: A short, sleeveless undergarment worn by women underneath a blouse, or as a form of short négligée.
camisole: A straitjacket.
camisole: A light jacket with sleeves.
cementer: A person who applies cement.
cementer: A substance that cements.
cementer: That which confirms or unites.
cajolery: cajolement
car seat: A seat in a motor car.
car seat: A detachable motor car seat equipped with a harness to secure a young child.
riverbed: The path where a river runs, or where a river once ran; the bottom earthen part of a river, not including the riverbanks.
camshaft: A shaft fitted with cams; especially one in a piston engine that activates the valves.
turtling: The hunting of turtles (the reptiles).
turtling: Turning turtle.
turtling: Any slow progression or build-up.
turtling: (games (board, card, and computer)) A defensive strategy of avoiding conflict, by maintaining strong defense and little to no offense, whilst staying in a fixed position.
turtling: A defensive strategy of avoiding conflict, by maintaining strong defense and little to no offense, whilst staying in a fixed position.
turtling: A baby turtle.
skeiling: A straight sloped part of a ceiling, such as on the underside of a pitched roof.
recreant: Somebody who is recreant, who yields in combat; a coward or traitor.
scantron: A device used to scan prepared forms used for multiple-choice and true-or-false testing.
scantron: A prepared form for use in such a device.
clopping: The sound or action of something that clops.
clopping: The act of masturbating to erotic fanart of My Little Pony characters.
gigaflop: A unit of measure for the calculating speed of a computer equal to one billion (10⁹) floating point operations per second.
doctorer: One who doctors.
calfskin: A fine leather made from the hide of a calf.
plaguing: annoyance; harassment
relaying: An instance of something being relayed.
foofaraw: Overly excessive or flashy ornamentation or decoration.
foofaraw: Fuss over something of little importance.
analcite: Analcime.
analcime: A sodium aluminosilicate with a chemical formula NaAlSi₂O₆·H₂O, having a zeolite structure, found in alkaline basalts.
stiletto: A small, slender knife or dagger-like weapon intended for stabbing.
stiletto: A rapier.
stiletto: An awl.
stiletto: A woman's shoe with a tall, slender heel (called a stiletto heel).
stiletto: A beard trimmed into a pointed form.
mainline: An airline's main operating unit, as opposed to codeshares or regional subsidiaries.
mainline: The principal route or line of a railway.
mainline: In longline fishing the central line to which the branch lines with baits are attached.
mainline: The pipeline carrying wastewater to the public drains or a septic tank.
mainline: A principal vein into which a drug can be injected.
mainline: The main repository for a software project, from which different versions (forks) may be split off.
mainline: Alternative form of main line
sequella: Misspelling of sequela.
voorwerp: An ionization or light echo, especially the quasar ionization echo known as Hanny's Voorwerp.
sharking: The act of one who sharks (in any sense)
jouncing: A motion that jounces.
spryness: The property of being spry.
sulphide: Alternative spelling of sulfide
sulphide: A kind of clear marble with a small statuette or figure inside.
callback: The return of a situation to a previous position or state.
callback: A return telephone or radio call; especially one made automatically to authenticate a logon to a computer network.
callback: A product recall because of a defect or safety concern.
callback: A function pointer passed as an argument to another function.
callback: A follow-up audition in casting.
callback: A joke which references an earlier joke in the same routine.
callback: A form of audience participation in which the audience shout lines in response to the dialog of a film.
subhuman: Anything which is less than human.
sulphite: Alternative spelling of sulfite
sulphite: A person who is spontaneous and original in thought and conversation.
saltopus: A small carnivorous dinosaur, Saltopus elginensis, which lived during the upper Triassic era.
spadeful: The amount held or moved by a spade at once.
diploidy: The state of being diploid, having two sets of chromosomes.
diploidy: An instance of being diploid.
alienage: The status of being an alien; origin from elsewhere.
stinkbug: Any of several insects, usually shield-shaped, possessing a gland that produces a foul-smelling liquid, usually containing aldehydes which they use to discourage predators.
stinkbug: Any of various insects of the Hemiptera order (the "true bugs"), in the Heteroptera suborder, principally in the superfamilies Pentatomoidea and Coreoidea.
stinkbug: A pinacate beetle or stink beetle (genus Eleodes) that releases a pungent odor when threatened.
partaker: One who partakes of something.
partaker: A partner or accomplice.
oenocyte: A large secretory cell found in clusters underlying the epidermis of larval abdominal segments.
neo soul: A subgenre of rhythm and blues that combines the elements of contemporary rhythm and blues, 1970s-style soul music, hip hop, rap, jazz, funk, and classical music.
calipash: The edible greenish material found underneath the upper half of a turtle's carapace (shell).
hovercar: A fictional motor car that hovers a short distance above the ground.
princeps: One who, or that which, is foremost, original, etc.
princeps: The editio princeps, or first edition of a book.
day room: Alternative spelling of dayroom
synthpop: A style of pop music in which the synthesizer is the dominant musical instrument.
grousing: Peevish complaining.
grousing: The hunting of grouse
coattail: The flap at the back of a coat that hangs down, sometimes below the waist.
coattail: Success of a figure, organization or movement that transfers to those who associate with it.
cathouse: A brothel.
cathouse: Any small house, structure or fold used to house a cat.
coracoid: Part of the scapula that projects towards the sternum in mammals; the coracoid process
coracoid: A small bone linking the scapula and sternum in birds, reptiles and some other vertebrates
egg cell: A cell, found in females, which merges with a sperm cell to form a zygote.
dead run: Coming as fast as one can, often in a harried state.
spending: gerund of spend, expenditure.
spending: An amount that has been, or is planned to be spent.
clansman: A male member of a clan.
philibeg: A little kilt.
trackpad: touchpad
sparerib: A cut of meat including the rib bones.
madrassa: Alternative spelling of madrasah
overtone: A tone whose frequency is an integer multiple of another; a member of the harmonic series.
overtone: An implicit message (in a film, book, verbal discussion or similar) perceived as overwhelming the explicit message.
paprikas: Alternative form of paprikash
neomorph: A gain of function mutation that causes novel gene function.
deadlink: A dead link.
sastruga: Any of a series of long, wavelike ridges or grooves formed on a snow surface by the wind, especially in polar plains, and surfaces of ice-covered lakes/seas. These dunes of snow may be blown across the plains like wind-driven waves.
bar exam: Clipping of bar examination
zastruga: Alternative form of sastruga
incenter: The point formed at the intersection of the three angle bisectors of a triangle; also the centre of the incircle.
squireen: A minor squire; a small landowner.
haploidy: The state of being haploid
man-hour: The amount of work that can be done by one person in an hour.
ensalada: A genre of polyphonic secular music mixing languages and dialects and nonsensical quodlibets.
squarson: A squire who is also the local rector.
snugness: The state or quality of being snug.
snugness: The result or product of being snug.
superbus: A bus which is larger than or superior to ordinary buses.
monorail: a railroad system where the trains run on one rail
monorail: a train running on a single rail
bytecode: P-code (various forms of instruction sets designed for efficient execution by a software interpreter as well as being suitable for further compilation into machine code).
yard-arm: Alternative spelling of yardarm
andesite: Any of a class of fine-grained intermediate igneous rock, of volcanic origin, containing mostly plagioclase feldspar.
tilmatli: A cloak, in ancient Aztec culture.
petronel: A short but large-caliber, heavy 16th and 17th-century firearm that used a matchlock or wheellock mechanism, intermediate between the arquebuse and pistol.
subtopic: A subject that forms part of a topic.
canceler: agent noun of cancel: Something that, or someone who cancels something; specifically an electronic device that cancels a signal.
tie tack: An ornamented pin used to secure a necktie's end flat against the shirt, a stickpin.
stickpin: An ornamented pin used to secure a necktie's end flat against the shirt, a tie tack.
ankerite: Any of a group of mixed carbonate minerals, principally of calcium with iron, magnesium and manganese.
madrasah: A school for any kind of teaching, at any grade level; usually specifically a school that teaches Islamic theology.
playbill: A poster advertising a theatrical performance.
playbill: A program/programme/pamphlet for a theatrical performance.
circle-A: Ⓐ; The symbol of anarchism
slipknot: Alternative spelling of slip knot
capeskin: A soft sheepskin leather especially used for gloves.
crocetin: A natural carotenoid dicarboxylic acid that is found in the crocus flower.
canoeist: A person who travels by canoe.
low line: Synonym of underscore
low line: The target area below the opponent's midriff.
methanal: The IUPAC name for formaldehyde, rarely used in research or industry.
windgall: A puffy, typically fluid filled sac located just above the fetlock joint on a horse, generally appearing on old or poorly kept horses.
chenopod: Any member of the subfamily Chenopodioideae, (the main part of the sometime family Chenopodiaceae); the goosefoots
alleging: allegation
protomer: Any prototropic tautomer.
protomer: Any of the subunits that constitute an oligomeric protein.
tautomer: Any of the multiple forms of a tautomeric compound.
glorioso: A boaster.
nullable: A variable, etc. that is allowed to have a null value.
epicotyl: In plants with seeds, that portion of the embryo or seedling above the cotyledons.
spin-off: An offshoot.
spin-off: An incidental benefit or unexpected pay-off.
spin-off: By-product.
spin-off: A fictional work where the protagonist was introduced in a preceding work or at least shares the same setting, often in a different aspect.
spin-off: The formation of a subsidiary company that continues the operations of part of the parent company; the company so formed.
tea cart: A table on wheels used to take food or drinks from the kitchen to the dining-room.
caroller: Synonym of caroler; a carol singer
caroller: A bard.
glissade: A sliding, as down a snow slope in the Alps (Wikipedia).
glissade: A gliding step beginning and ending in a demi-plié in second position (Wikipedia).
glissade: A move in some dances such as the galop (Wikipedia).
glissade: A fencing move that may disarm the opponent (Wikipedia).
carouser: A person who carouses; a reveller.
bus fare: The passenger fare charged for riding on a bus.
durative: This aspect, or a verb in this aspect; a continuative.
long ton: A traditional unit of mass equal to 20 hundredweights of 112 pounds avoirdupois each, equivalent to about 1016 kg.
solderer: A person who solders
solderer: A tool that is used to solder.
nose pad: Either of the small pieces on many eyeglasses that rest on the wearer's nose.
nose pad: The small leathery part of a cat's nose
lip plug: A labret.
pedipalp: Either of a second pair of appendages near the mouth of many arachnids, variously specialized as pincers, sensory or locomotory organs.
send out: A send off; a farewell celebration.
send out: A networking broadcast transmission.
send out: A shout out; an appreciative public mention of someone.
neotenic: Such an organism
kemosabi: An appellation given to a wise friend.
softener: One who, or that which, softens.
softener: A water softener.
softener: One who, or that which, softens.
softener: Fabric softener.
softener: One who, or that which, softens.
softener: A substance added to make something softer.
carryall: A large bag; a holdall
carryall: A light, covered carriage drawn by a single horse
carryall: Any of several types of automobile, usually a station wagon or van built on a truck chassis.
meta tag: Text inserted into the source code of a web page to provide metadata, such as keywords for a search engine.
doorgame: A computer game hosted by a bulletin board system.
sidewall: The side of a tire.
sidewall: The wall forming the side of a structure; a side wall.
sidewall: The wall forming the side of a structure; a side wall.
sidewall: The wall forming the side of a racquetball court.
ton mile: A unit of measure expressed in number of short tons moved over a specific distance in miles.
showtime: The time at which an entertainment event is set to begin.
showtime: The time for action.
wardrive: A drive for the purpose of wardriving.
wardrive: A get-together of people who wardrive.
cartload: The amount that a cart can carry.
cartload: Any large amount.
cartload: A load: various English units of weight or volume based upon standardized cartloads of certain commodities.
overload: An excessive load.
overload: The damage done, or the outage caused, by such a load.
overload: An load of goods above the prescribed carrying weight of the vehicle.
overload: An overloaded version of a function.
overland: a trip by land between the UK and the Indian Sub-continent or Australia, or between the UK and South Africa.
smidgeon: Alternative form of smidgen
aquastat: A device that automatically responds to changes in temperature of a liquid, typically water in a domestic hot water heating system, by activating a heating or cooling system to maintain the temperature of the liquid at a desired setting.
textfile: Alternative form of text file
conwoman: A female con artist.
backflip: An act of rotating one's body 360 degrees in the backward direction.
backflip: a total reversal in policy or opinion; a volte-face, a U-turn.
anodynia: The absence of pain in a previously painful region.
anodynia: Anal pain; anorectal pain.
intrados: The inner curve of an arch or vault.
rounding: The act by which a numerical value is rounded.
rounding: The numerical value obtained by this process.
rounding: The act of making anything round, as the lips in pronouncing some vowels.
rounding: A rounded surface; a curve.
rounding: In bookbinding, the shaping of the folded and sewed sheets into a convex form at the back.
extrados: The outer or upper curve of an arch.
slimming: The process of making or becoming slimmer.
mopwater: Alternative spelling of mop water
capitano: A head man.
capitano: One of the four stock characters of commedia dell'arte who typically appropriated the name "captain" for himself but was not one; he was often a blowhard and a swaggerer who could maintain his self-important claims only if none of the locals knew him.
handbell: A small bell designed to be rung by hand.
bedposts: a 7-10 split
defensor: one who defends; a defender
defensor: a defender or advocate in court; a guardian or protector
defensor: the patron of a church; an officer having charge of the temporal affairs of a church
shakeout: An event that causes marginal constituents to be eliminated.
shakeout: The separation of molds from their flask, the castings from the molding sand, and potentially the cores from the castings.
shakeout: The shaking of an object to spread it wide and eject any debris.
handwave: The wave of a hand.
handwave: A glib statement or explanation that glosses over important details.
watsonia: Any of several species of flowering plants in genus Watsonia within the family Iridaceae, the bugle lily.
sunburst: A figure or shape showing rays radiating from a central point.
sunburst: A strong outburst of sunlight.
sunburst: A style of finish for musical instruments such as guitars, having an area of lighter color (often showing the wood grain underneath) that darkens gradually towards a dark outer rim.
stakeout: The act of watching a location and/or people, generally covertly.
grumbler: A person who persistently grumbles; a complainer.
convener: One who convenes or calls a meeting
rowhouse: One of a row of houses situated side by side and sharing a common wall.
bota bag: A traditional Greek or Spanish wineskin bag. Typically it is made of leather, and is used to carry wine, although any liquid can be carried.
locknote: The last presentation in an academic or business conference with a broad thematic overview. Typically, the best-known speakers or scholars at a conference give keynote and locknote addresses.
whizzing: The sound or action of something that whizzes.
mildness: The quality of being mild; gentleness.
wantonry: The state of being wanton.
urostyle: A styliform process forming the posterior extremity of the vertebral column in some fishes and amphibians.
craythur: Whiskey.
craythur: Alternative form of creature.
Existenz: Existence; state of existing.
big bang: An explosion giving rise to a universe.
big bang: A large implementation of a system rather than phased or gradual delivery
toeprint: The mark left by a toe.
toeprint: A very small footprint (amount of physical surface taken up by equipment).
toeprint: A measure of 30S-mRNA binding.
laserjet: A laser printer.
subfield: A smaller, more specialized area of study or occupation within a larger one
subfield: A subring of a field, containing the multiplicative identity and closed under inversion.
steading: A farmhouse and outer buildings such as barns, stables, cattle-sheds, etc.; a farmstead; a homestead, an onstead, an estate.
netroots: Grassroots political activism on the internet, especially on blogs.
morphism: (formally) An arrow in a category; (less formally) an abstraction that generalises a map from one mathematical object to another and is structure-preserving in a way that depends on the branch of mathematics from which it arises.
morphism: Being or having distinct variants of a plant or animal species in the same locale; polymorphism.
xenogeny: Xenogenesis.
spoilage: The part of something that has spoiled.
spoilage: The process of spoiling.
cornpone: A form of cornbread made without milk or eggs.
cornpone: Something or someone considered stereotypical of rural, Southern US attitudes or attributes.
sluttery: A slutty or sluttish act.
sluttery: The qualities or practices of a slut (promiscuous person); sluttishness; sexual promiscuity.
sluttery: The qualities or practices of a slut (slovenly person), as in: untidiness, dirtiness.
overlord: A ruler of other rulers.
overlord: A feudal lord directly owed rent or personal service by a tenant of subinfeudated land, a tenant's liege lord.
overlord: Anyone with overarching power or authority in a given domain.
sunshade: Something to keep the sun off, or create shade from the sun; a parasol or awning.
stoppage: A pause or halt of some activity.
stoppage: Something that forms an obstacle to continued activity; a blockage or obstruction.
undertow: A short-range flow of water returning seaward from the waves breaking on the shore.
undertow: A feeling that runs contrary to one's normal one.
papistry: The Roman Catholic faith.
Laconian: An inhabitant of Laconia.
uniquity: The state or quality of being unique.
downline: Alternative spelling of down line
berating: A scolding.
stir fry: Alternative spelling of stir-fry
berewick: An outlying estate.
sukiyaki: A Japanese dish of thinly-sliced beef and tofu with dashi, mirin and soy sauce cooked quickly at the table.
ballgame: Alternative spelling of ball game
chambray: A soft fabric woven with a white weft and coloured warp.
toilette: Archaic form of toilet. (in all senses related to dressing and personal grooming, but not a water closet)
Kemalist: One who follows the ideals of Kemalism.
dry dock: Alternative spelling of drydock
midslope: Any position between the bottom and top of a slope.
zip-wire: Synonym of zipline
encomium: Warm praise, especially a formal expression of such praise; a tribute.
encomium: A general category of oratory.
encomium: A method within rhetorical pedagogy.
encomium: The eighth exercise in the progymnasmata series.
encomium: A genre of literature that included five elements: prologue, birth and upbringing, acts of the person's life, comparisons used to praise the subject, and an epilogue.
pea coat: A coat of heavy, navy-coloured wool, originally worn by sailors of European navies.
geometer: A mathematician who specializes in geometry.
geometer: Any species of geometrid moth (family Geometridae).
day trip: An excursion that lasts most of the day.
streight: Obsolete spelling of strait
swilling: Greedy drinking.
Van Gogh: A work by Vincent van Gogh.
chapbook: A small book, usually made from a single sheet, folded several times, containing poems, ballads or religious tracts
infovore: A person who indulges in and desires information gathering and interpretation.
Jack Tar: Alternative spelling of jacktar
longtail: Any animal that has an unusually long tail relative to similar species.
longtail: Phaethon lepturus, the white-tailed tropicbird.
longtail: A young, unattached female tourist.
longtail: A longtail boat.
longtail: A rat.
ottavino: A miniature virginal, pitched one octave higher than the larger version.
turf war: A dispute over territory between rival gangs.
turf war: A fight or confrontation between two divisions or parties for access to resources or capital.
optimate: A member of the patrician ruling class in republican Ancient Rome; an aristocrat, a noble.
showboat: A river steamboat having a resident theatre.
showboat: A showoff.
cokernel: For a category with zero morphisms: the coequalizer between a given morphism and the zero morphism which is parallel to that given morphism.
moonshee: Archaic spelling of munshi.
quantile: One of the class of values of a variate which divides the members of a batch or sample into equal-sized subgroups of adjacent values or a probability distribution into distributions of equal probability.
flue gas: The gaseous combustion product (smoke) that comes out of a stove or a furnace.
laconism: Extreme brevity in expression.
laconism: A very or notably brief expression.
soreness: The property, state, or condition of being sore; painfulness.
ritratto: A picture; a portrait.
zip wire: Alternative spelling of zip-wire
polylith: A prehistoric monument consisting of many stones.
monotype: A print made by creating the design using oil paint or printer's ink on metal or glass, then transferring the image directly to paper.
monotype: The technique of making such prints.
monotype: A monotypic taxon.
monotype: A keyboard-operated typesetting and casting machine that makes and sets separate characters.
monotype: A sailboat designed to be crewed or raced by a single person.
monotype: In the Hindley–Milner type system, a single specific data type.
half-elf: A person who is half elven and half human by birth.
start-up: Alternative spelling of startup.
sparkler: Anything that sparkles.
sparkler: A hand-held firework that emits sparks.
sparkler: A gem or ornament that sparkles.
sparkler: A vivacious and charismatic person.
sparkler: A sparkling wine.
sparkler: A tiger beetle.
sparkler: One who scatters; especially, one who scatters money; an improvident person.
breakage: The act of breaking.
breakage: Something that has been broken.
breakage: A service which is unused by a customer, such as an unredeemed gift card, which therefore represents a pure profit to the seller.
breakage: The left-over money in a pari-mutuel betting pool resulting from rounding off the payoffs, added to the pool for the next race or event or kept as profit.
checkoff: The collection of union dues or other fees from employees via deductions from their wages.
checkoff: The optional allocation of part of a citizen's income tax towards the presidential election campaign fund.
checkoff: A tax on sales of agricultural goods in order to finance a generic commodity marketing program.
year dot: A very long time ago, from the beginning or as far back as one can remember.
semagram: A semantic symbol (picture or glyph) associated with a concept.
semagram: Synonym of determinative (“sign used to mark semantic categories in logographic script”)
chymosin: The proteolytic enzyme rennin
chicness: The state of being chic.
chestful: As much as a chest will hold
coziness: The state or quality of being cozy.
chessman: A chess piece.
heptamer: An oligomer having seven subunits
pentamer: An oligomer having five subunits
check-in: The act of checking in at a hotel, airport, etc.
check-in: The submission of source code or other material to a source control repository.
check-in: The act of contacting another person in order to keep them informed of one's situation.
krokodil: The drug desomorphine.
tetramer: An oligomer having four subunits
striatum: The caudate nucleus and the lentiform nucleus considered as a single structure
syncarid: Any crustacean of the superorder Syncarida, which have no carapace.
gastrula: A stage in the development of embryos of most animals consisting of a three-layered sac of ectoderm, mesoderm and endoderm.
crêperie: Alternative spelling of creperie
procaine: A synthetic compound derived from benzoic acid, used as a local anesthetic, especially in dentistry.
dry sump: A type of engine sump where oil that flows down from the crankshaft etc is sucked up into an external reservoir (as opposed to a wet sump where it simply pools in a pan at the bottom of the engine).
blue fox: A variant of arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus), raised in captivity because of its bluish grey-winter fur.
blue fox: Vernacular name of the subspecies Vulpes lagopus pribilofensis.
dormancy: The state or characteristic of being dormant; quiet, inactive restfulness.
capibara: Dated form of capybara.
milkmaid: A girl or young woman who milks the cows on a farm
chortler: Someone who chortles
choppers: teeth
wash tub: Alternative form of washtub
tea tree: The tea plant (Camellia sinensis), from which black, green, oolong and white tea are all obtained.
tea tree: The tree Melaleuca alternifolia, from which tea tree oil is obtained.
tea tree: A shrub or small tree native to New Zealand and southeast Australia (Leptospermum scoparium).
tea tree: The kanuka, Kunzea ericoides.
tea tree: The duke of Argyll's tea tree (Lycium barbarum), also known as wolfberry or matrimony vine.
tea tree: The shrub ti (Cordyline fruticosa).
slumlord: A person who makes money by renting housing that is kept in poor condition.
billhook: A medieval polearm, fitted to a long handle, sometimes with an L-shaped tine or a spike protruding from the side or the end of the blade for tackling the opponent; a bill.
billhook: An agricultural implement often with a curved or hooked end to the blade used for pruning or cutting thick, woody plants.
billhook: Written as bill-hook: a part of the knotting mechanism in a reaper-binder or baler (agricultural machinery).
billhook: Written as bill hook: a spiked hook used in offices and shops for hanging bills or other small papers such as receipts.
billhook: Written as bill hook: a sharply pointed spike growing from the tip of the upper mandible of the hatchlings of honeyguides, used to destroy the eggs and kill the chicks of the host species.
hush kit: A series of modifications made to an aircraft's engine to dampen noise.
inequity: A lack of equity (justice).
inequity: An unjust act; a disservice.
bigmouth: One who talks too much or says things which should not be said.
dialling: Alternative form of dialing
skincare: The care and treatment of the skin, especially of the face.
frontman: Alternative spelling of front man: a person acting as the public face of an organization.
frontman: Alternative spelling of front man: the lead male singer in a band.
philodox: A person with an excessive interest in his/her own opinions.
planitia: A low plain.
spitfire: A cannon.
spitfire: A person with a fiery temper, someone easily provoked to anger, especially a woman or girl.
spillway: A path designed to take away overflow safely.
sparsity: The property of being sparse; sparseness.
Spitfire: A single-seat fighter used by the RAF and allies during World War II, especially during the Battle of Britain.
sinology: The study of the history, language and culture of China; Chinese studies.
sinology: The study of the internal politics of the high members of the government of the People's Republic of China.
hijacker: Someone who hijacks.
hijacker: Hijackware.
imparity: inequality
imparity: inability to be divided into equal parts
imparity: disparity
rearview: Synonym of rearview mirror
snuffers: Synonym of snuffer (“device to extinguish candles”)
sorehead: A person who has a tendency to be angry or to feel offended.
sorehead: A politician who is dissatisfied through failure, lack of recognition, etc.
sorehead: Infection in sheep by the nematode Elaeophora schneideri; elaeophorosis.
sorehead: Fowlpox.
frustrum: Misspelling of frustum.
bald wig: A headpiece worn usually by stage and film actors so as to appear bald on top without the necessity of shaving their scalps.
cult hit: Something (almost always a film, book, song, etc.) which is very popular among a specific, narrow audience.
cult hit: Something (almost always a film, book, song, etc.) which is very popular, and which was popularized by a specific, narrow group of fans.
helium-4: The normal isotope of helium, ⁴₂He, that has two neutrons
boron-11: A stable isotope, ¹¹₅B, having five protons and six neutrons, that makes up about 80% of natural boron.
thuggery: The violent, criminal acts that are associated with thugs, and/or the fashion, manner of speaking, and demeanor associated with them.
helium-3: The rare isotope of helium, ³₂He, that has a single neutron
sloshing: A motion or action that sloshes.
boron-10: A stable isotope, ¹⁰₅B, having five protons and five neutrons, that makes up about 20% of natural boron; it is a good absorber of slow neutrons and is used as a radiation shield in Geiger counters
Golconda: A source of great wealth, especially a mine.
musquash: The muskrat, Ondatra zibethicus.
integrin: Any of many heterodimeric transmembrane proteins that function as receptors in communication between cells.
Christer: A Christian who publicly displays his or her religion.
bejeebus: bejesus
spearman: A soldier who fights with a spear.
foretime: A time previous to the present, or to a time alluded to or implied; former time or times.
pugilism: Fighting with fists.
old time: A time in the past.
pea-time: The time when peas ripen.
day-time: Alternative spelling of daytime
shatranj: A board game, an ancestor of modern chess.
run-time: Alternative form of run time
run time: The stage during which a program is executing.
run time: The amount of time during which a program is executing.
run time: A software component designed to support the execution of computer programs.
run time: The length of a film, television program or audio track in minutes, usually with end credits included
McIntosh: A cultivar of apple whose fruit has red and green skin, tart flavor and white flesh that ripens in late September.
McIntosh: The fruit of this cultivar.
McIntosh: A cultivar of apple whose fruit has red and green skin, tart flavor and white flesh that ripens in late September.
McIntosh: The tree of this cultivar, which bears this fruit.
argon-40: The major stable isotope of argon, ⁴⁰₁₈Ar, having eighteen protons and twenty-two neutrons; it amounts to about 99.6% of the element in nature
argon-38: A rare stable isotope of argon, ³⁸₁₈Ar, having eighteen protons and twenty neutrons; it amounts to about 0.06% of the element in nature
argon-36: A rare stable isotope of argon, ³⁶₁₈Ar, having eighteen protons and eighteen neutrons; it amounts to about 0.3% of the element in nature
timecode: Alternative spelling of time code
raw deal: A situation in which a person is taken advantage of or treated unfairly; a situation in which a person is led to expect something, but receives nothing or much less than expected.
cleanser: Something that cleanses, such as a detergent.
rock oil: Naphtha (liquid petroleum).
clubfoot: A congenital deformity of the foot in which the ankle, heel and toes are twisted.
beatdown: a severe beating
beatdown: A prescribed situation, usually to advance an angle or establish character, where two or more wrestlers severely beat up another wrestler or performer.
licensor: A party that grants a license to another.
aerodyne: A heavier-than-air aircraft, deriving its lift from motion.
swimwear: Items of clothing appropriate for swimming
apimania: An excessive interest in bees.
epomania: rage or passion for writing epics
queimada: A traditional drink from Galicia, Spain, made from aguardiente, herbs, lemon peel, coffee beans and cinnamon. It is set alight before drinking.
jihadist: One who participates in a jihad, an Islamic holy war or conflict; a mujahid.
jihadist: An adherent of jihadism.
jihadist: One who is militant for their religion (or irreligion).
roof rat: The black rat.
ship rat: Synonym of black rat
sledding: The act of sliding downhill, or transporting something, on a sled.
medial s: Synonym of long s
mousemat: Alternative spelling of mouse mat
retinene: Either of two carotenoid pigments found in the retina and produced from vitamin A; retinal
retinene: retinaldehyde
retinene: Either of two carotenoid pigments found in the retina and produced from vitamin A; retinal
retinene: dehydroretinaldehyde
sickroom: A room to be used by someone who is ill.
amacrine: Any cell that does not have a long process.
firetrap: A building with limited emergency exits in which people would be trapped in the event of a fire.
delubrum: A temple or shrine.
delubrum: A sanctuary.
delubrum: A church with a font.
propanol: Either of two isomeric aliphatic alcohols, C₃H₇-OH
propanol: 1-propanol, n-propanol, propyl alcohol, propan-1-ol, n-propyl alcohol or 1-propyl alcohol - CH₃CH₂CH₂OH
propanol: Either of two isomeric aliphatic alcohols, C₃H₇-OH
propanol: isopropanol, isopropyl alcohol or propan-2-ol - (CH₃)₂CH-OH
pack-rat: Alternative spelling of pack rat
skimming: Something skimmed from a surface etc.
skimming: A motion or action that skims.
skimming: The sport of skimboarding.
skimming: Short for price skimming.
skimming: Short for cream skimming.
skimming: The act of fraudulently copying a magnetic stripe from a magnetic stripe card, such as found on credit cards and bank cards, through the use of a skimmer
ich-laut: the voiceless palatal fricative, /ç/, especially in the context of the German language, but also sometimes otherwise (because it is best known from German)
coauthor: An author who collaborates with another to write something.
brookite: A dark brown mineral form of titanium dioxide, with the chemical formula TiO₂.
pack rat: Any of several small North American rodents, of the genus Neotoma, that have bushy tails.
pack rat: One who collects or hoards, especially unnecessary things.
songbook: A book containing songs.
twinship: The condition of being a twin
twinship: Either of a pair of ships of exactly the same design
rod cell: Any of the cylindrical photoreceptor cells in the retina that function in dim light levels.
ilmenite: A weakly magnetic dark gray mineral found in metamorphic and igneous rocks; it is a mixed oxide of iron and titanium, FeTiO₃
commedia: Short for commedia dell'arte.
nose-bag: Alternative spelling of nosebag
nose bag: Alternative spelling of nosebag
songfest: An event, often informal, where people sing together for the pleasure of it.
militsia: The police in the Soviet Union and some related or successor states (e.g. modern Belarus).
codomain: The target set into which a function is formally defined to map elements of its domain; the set denoted Y in the notation f : X → Y.
iterable: An object that can be iterated over.
pethanol: The opioid analgesic drug pethidine.
sonority: The property of being sonorous.
sonority: Relative loudness (of a speech sound); degree of being sonorous.
war room: A command center; a single location which serves as the point of coordination for military activities.
war room: A single location from which any activity is directed.
hedgerow: a row of closely planted bushes or trees forming a hedge
war zone: A region where war is ongoing.
war zone: A region where structures are damaged or in disarray, appearing similar to the effects of a military conflict.
war zone: By extension, any area with a significant display of damage or disarray.
signaler: Somene who signals.
signaler: A device that sends a signal.
sarubobo: A Japanese amulet in the form of a red doll without a face, traditionally made for grandchildren or as a charm to ensure a good marriage.
pop rock: A musical genre combining elements of pop music and rock music.
slipcase: A box, open on one end, for keeping a set of books together.
Okinawan: A person from Okinawa.
red hair: Hair of a ginger/auburn color.
narghile: A large Oriental tobacco pipe wherein the smoke is drawn through water to filter and cool it.
ski boot: Specialized footwear used in skiing to provide a way to attach the skier to skis using ski bindings.
narwhale: Alternative spelling of narwhal
timewave: In novelty theory, a graph of novelty plotted against time.
redeemer: One who redeems; one who provides redemption.
high-hat: A person who acts in a superior manner.
high-hat: A large pill of opium for smoking.
high-hat: A low camera mount without tripod legs.
smocking: An embroidery technique in which the fabric is gathered and then embroidered with decorative stitches to hold the gathers in place; the product of the use of this embroidery technique.
sonatina: A musical composition resembling a sonata but shorter or simpler.
mindwipe: The act of mindwiping.
roleplay: The act or practice of roleplaying; an instance of roleplaying.
roleplay: The practice of roleplaying.
cookware: The assorted objects, such as pots, pans, baking sheets, etc., used for cooking
multimer: A protein consisting of multiple monomers
bunkmate: One who sleeps in the same area as another person.
bunkmate: Especially, one who shares a bunk bed.
mistrial: A trial that has been declared invalid because of an error in procedure, or because of hung jury.
Cadillac: Alternative spelling of Catillac. A large variety of cooking pear.
vanadite: Any salt or ester of vanadous acid
pug nose: A short nose which is flattened and whose tip is turned up.
sell-off: The large-scale selling of goods or financial stocks.
parading: The act of one who parades.
vilifier: One who vilifies
sock hop: In the 1950s, informal sponsored dance at American high schools, typically held on the grounds of the high school itself in the gymnasium or cafeteria.
partying: The practice of attending social entertainment gatherings.
blueness: The quality or characteristic of being blue in color.
blueness: Melancholy.
busyness: The state of being busy.
sideburn: singular of sideburns
sideburn: The unwanted rapid burning down one side of a cigarette that has been ineptly rolled.
portuary: A portable breviary; a porteous.
Oulipian: A member of this movement
pumpjack: The ground-based drive for a submerged pump in an oil borehole.
redesign: A plan for making changes to the structure and functions of an artifact, building or system so as to better serve the purpose of the original design, or to serve purposes different from those set forth in the original design.
tenscore: Two hundred.
twoscore: Forty.
codifier: One who or that which codifies.
petawatt: An SI unit of power equal to 10¹⁵ watts. Symbol: PW
contribs: Abbreviation of contributions.
contribs: Abbreviation of contributors.
wordlist: A written collection of all words derived from a particular source, or sharing some other characteristic.
declarer: The person who wins the bidding and so declares what suit will be trump.
declarer: One who declares.
declarer: A statement that declares the properties of a variable or contributes to doing so.
numerary: A person with a numerary position.
numerary: A celibate lay NON-member of Opus Dei, a Roman Catholic religious institution.
punching: gerund of punch
punching: An incident in which someone is punched.
punching: gerund of punch
punching: The process of making holes in something (for example, a leather belt or a rail ticket).
boogaloo: A genre of music that blends rhythm and blues and soul music with Cuban-style rhythms, originating in the United States in the 1960s.
boogaloo: A style of dance to this music, popular in the 1960s.
boogaloo: A piece of music, or an instance of dancing, in or of this style.
boogaloo: A type of freestyle, improvisational street dance incorporating soulful steps and robotic movements, originally danced to funk and disco, but later more commonly to hip-hop.
boogaloo: A sequel or repetition of events, etc. Often used to mock a lack of creativity.
boogaloo: A hypothetical second American Civil War, in which far-right or antigovernment activists rise up against the government.
boogaloo: A black person.
boracite: A mixed chloride and borate of magnesium that occurs as a white to green crystalline evaporite, with the chemical formula Mg₃B₇O₁₃Cl.
shoptalk: Discussion of business in a social setting, especially using jargon.
borrelia: Any of various helically coiled spirochetes, of the genus Borrelia, some of which cause relapsing fever
pilicide: Any of several substances that reduce the number of hairlike pili on the surface of bacteria and thus reduce its ability to adhere to human tissue.
slowdown: A reduction in speed, or a decrease in the level of production, etc.
sit-down: An act of sitting down, especially with other people in some form of social exchange.
sit-down: A sit-in, a protest of civil disobedience by people sitting and refusing to move.
cumulant: Any of a set of parameters of a one-dimensional probability distribution of a certain form
zoolater: A worshipper of animals
cuteness: The state of being cute (endearingly attractive).
cuteness: acuteness; cunning
mangling: An act in which something is mangled
bullwhip: A whip made from plaited leather, often with a knotted end, for use with livestock.
canistel: A tropical tree, Pouteria campechiana, from Central America and the Caribbean, that bears a sweet oval fruit.
canistel: The fruit of this tree, having a musky odour.
quailing: The act of one who quails, or draws back in fear.
comedown: A sudden drop to a lower status, condition or level; a disappointment or letdown.
comedown: A calm, mellow period experienced after the initial high from taking drugs.
bursitis: An inflammation of a bursa, most common in the shoulder, elbow or knee
wreaking: The act by which something is wreaked.
colorant: Alternative spelling of colourant
belching: The act of producing a belch.
toasting: The action of making a toast (celebratory call to drink).
toasting: The heating of oak panels used to make wine barrels.
toasting: The process by which something, such as bread, is toasted.
toasting: accompany a reggae backing track or music with the act of talking or rhythmic chanting, usually in a monotone melody, over a rhythm or beat by a reggae deejay. It can either be improvised or pre-written.
pilaster: A rectangular column that projects partially from the wall to which it is attached; it gives the appearance of a support, but is only for decoration.
pilaster: A column or short wing wall attached to the foundation wall which provides lateral support, or to support a vertical load that does not fall on the foundation wall.
scorning: The act of one who scorns.
clanging: A noise that clangs.
clanging: A mode of speech (or writing) characterized by compulsive association of words based upon sound rather than meaning.
blunting: The process by which something is made blunt.
capering: The motion of one who capers.
flecking: A flecked pattern.
bricking: The act of pelting with bricks.
bricking: A type of return fraud in which a working electronic item is purchased, then deliberately damaged or stripped of valuable components in order to render it unusable, and then returned to the merchant for a refund as a profit.
shafting: Shafts collectively.
shafting: A system of connected shafts for communicating motion.
shafting: The act of deceiving or harming a person.
blastula: An early form in the development of an embryo, consisting of a spherical layer of cells filled with fluid; a blastosphere.
hunching: The motion by which something is hunched.
spearing: The stabbing of something with a spear.
spearing: An Atlantic silverside.
scuffing: A scuff mark.
thirling: The act of boring or perforating
thirling: Same as thirl
thirling: In lead-mining, a mark indicating the termination of a set or pitch
riveting: The act of joining with rivets.
riveting: The act of spreading out and clinching the end, as of a rivet, by beating or pressing.
riveting: A set of rivets; rivets collectively.
combiner: A person who or a thing that combines.
stilling: The act by which something is made still.
stilling: A stillion.
ballsack: Alternative form of ball sack.
cityward: watchman of a city
footslog: An instance of footslogging.
mandella: A decorative Native American object, derived from a traditional ceremonial shield.
glumness: The emotion of being glum.
gentilic: A personal name derived from a place name.
gentilic: A demonym.
burnoose: A thick hooded cloak worn by Berbers and Arabs in Northwest Africa.
labeling: A set of labels applied to the various objects in a system.
labeling: The introduction of a traceable chemical group (e.g., containing an isotope or a fluorescent dye) into a protein or other biomolecule of interest so it can be tracked or quantified during experimental analysis.
matamata: A side-necked turtle of species Chelus fimbriata, whose shell resembles a dead leaf.
confider: One who confides.
ringside: Area beside a ring.
azotæmia: Alternative spelling of azotaemia
delative: A grammatical case of nouns used, chiefly in Hungarian, to express movement from the surface of something (like "moved off the table").
nymphæum: Alternative spelling of nymphaeum
æsthetic: Dated spelling of aesthetic.
ischæmia: Obsolete spelling of ischemia
conferee: A person who participates in a conference.
conferee: A person on whom something is conferred or bestowed.
pledging: The making of a pledge.
pleating: An action or arrangement in which something is pleated.
habitude: The essential character of one's being or existence; native or normal constitution; mental or moral constitution; bodily condition; native temperament.
habitude: Habitual disposition; normal or characteristic mode of behaviour, whether from habit or from nature
habitude: Behaviour or manner of existence in relation to something else; relation; respect.
habitude: In full habitude: fully, wholly, entirely; in all respects.
habitude: habitual association; familiar relation; acquaintance; familiarity; intimacy; association; intercourse.
habitude: an associate; an acquaintance; someone with whom one is familiar.
habitude: Habit; custom; usage.
habitude: The various ways in which one substance reacts with another; chemical reaction.
policing: Monitoring or regulation.
policing: Patrolling by the police.
policing: Maintenance of public order.
ruffling: The action of the verb ruffle
tartness: The characteristic of being tart; sharpness of taste
bankcard: A card that a bank issues used by the cardholder in the course of authorization to receive bank services.
conniver: A person who connives.
deportee: A deported person.
cachexia: A systemic wasting of muscle tissue, with or without loss of fat mass, that accompanies a chronic disease.
soleship: The state of being alone.
leachate: The liquid produced when water percolates through a permeable material.
deanship: The position or role of a dean.
bunk bed: Two or more beds fixed on top of one another, so that one person can sleep in each bunk at a different height.
screeder: A person who lays floor screeds
gleaning: Something learned by gleaning.
gleaning: The act of collecting leftover crops from farmers' fields after they have been commercially harvested or on fields where it is not economically profitable to harvest.
gleaning: The catching of insects and other invertebrates by plucking them from within foliage, or sometimes from the ground. It may also be applied to where prey is picked off, or from within, natural and man-made surfaces such as rock faces and under the eaves of houses.
cardamon: Alternative spelling of cardamom
fireline: A firebreak.
fireline: A row of firefighters seeking to stop spread of a forest fire.
fireline: The line where firefighters intend to stop a spreading fire.
traverso: A transverse flute of the Baroque period, made in three or four sections with a conical bore from the head joint down.
farmgirl: A girl or young woman who works on a farm, especially one who is growing up there as a child of the farmer.
farmgirl: A woman who grew up on a farm and prides herself on a farm-based identity.
monoglot: A person capable of speaking only a single language.
demotion: An act of demoting; a lowering of rank or status
drophead: A drophead coupé.
secretor: A person who or animal that secretes (emits a bodily fluid).
secretor: A person who secretes comparatively large quantities of blood-group antigens in their bodily fluids.
secretor: A cell, tissue, or organ (such as a gland) that produces a bodily secretion.
soft top: The foldable roof of a convertible or sports car which is made of fabric.
soft top: A car with such a roof.
debuggee: A process or application being debugged.
alizarin: A red substance, 1,2-dihydroxyanthraquinone, extracted from madder root and used as a dye.
crippler: A person who, or thing which cripples.
crippler: A corrugated board used to grain leather.
cropland: arable land
cornball: A ball of popped corn stuck together with soft candy from molasses or sugar.
cornball: An unsophisticated person.
cornball: Something or someone excessively corny.
Orcadian: Someone from the Orkney Islands.
hivemind: A collection of minds somehow linked or unified, possibly as if by telepathy.
hivemind: Collective intelligence, especially when facilitated by communication technology.
hivemind: A group of people who uncritically share beliefs or mindlessly follow orders.
slighter: One who slights.
crowfoot: Any of many plants, mostly of the genus Ranunculus, that have a leaf shaped somewhat like a bird's foot; especially the buttercups
curtness: The state of being curt.
crosscut: A crosswise cut.
crosscut: A shortcut.
crosscut: An instance of filmic crosscutting.
crosscut: A crosscut saw.
crosscut: A tunnel or level driven across the course of a vein, or across the main workings, as from one gangway to another through the country rock.
costumer: A person who designs, makes or supplies theatrical costumes; a costumier.
costumer: A person who wears a costume or takes part in cosplay.
costumer: A costume drama.
bauffing: Alternative spelling of boffing
bailsman: A person who provides bail for another
ballcock: A floating sphere, attached to a lever, that controls the level of liquid in a cistern.
balladry: ballads considered as a group; also, the sharing (transmission), making and performing of ballads, ballads as an activity, as a tradition, as a body of work, as a craft, as implying a community of singers, makers and lovers of ballads.
M.S.P.H.: Initialism of Master of Science in Public Health.
centrode: The path traced by the instantaneous rotational centre of a plane figure when it undergoes motion in a plane
curlicue: A fancy twisting or curling shape usually made from a series of spirals and loops.
fostress: a female fosterer
oratress: A female orator
fosterer: One who fosters; one who is designated to care for and nurture someone.
bandeaux: A bandeau, a single band (or a set of such bands) for a woman’s hair.
subprime: A subprime loan.
sodicity: A measure of the amount of available sodium in water or soil
banjoist: One who plays a banjo.
cosigner: A cosignatory
cosigner: A person who accepts joint responsibility for the debt of another
holonomy: Given a smooth closed curve C on a surface M, and picking any point P on that curve, the holonomy of C in M is the angle by which some vector turns as it is parallel transported along the curve C from point P all the way around and back to point P.
re-shoot: Alternative form of reshoot
keychain: A chain or ring to which a key may be attached.
keychain: An ornamental piece holding such a chain or ring.
keychain: A digital repository for the storage of cryptographic keys.
puntilla: The small dagger for administering the coup de grâce to the bull.
puntilla: Decorative lacework.
embracer: A person who embraces.
embracer: Alternative form of embraceor (“person guilty of embracery”)
baptizer: One who baptizes.
hardline: A retail product collection consisting primarily of hardware targeting the do-it-yourself customer.
hardline: A retail product collection which includes many non-information goods, such as home appliances, housewares, and sporting goods, in addition to the DIY hardware which is the focus of the first definition, above.
hardline: A physical wire or cable connection; landline
balefire: A bonfire, any large outdoor fire (for example those used in a funeral pyre, or in witches' rituals).
conubial: Misspelling of connubial.
bullhorn: A megaphone which electronically amplifies a person’s natural voice.
beer nut: A peanut served with its husk (but not its shell).
beer nut: 2008, Tim Schenck, What Size are God's Shoes?: Kids, Chaos, and the Spiritual Life, page 37
beer nut: At the end of the party, the parents of the birthday boy handed me a party bag and my prize: a bag of beer nuts. I've since wondered what kind of parent would possibly give an eight-year-old beer nuts, but whatever. It was the seventies.
barterer: One who barters: one who trades goods for other goods without involving money.
debitage: The sharp-edged waste material that remains after creation of a stone tool
quashing: The action of quashing something.
centroid: The point at which gravitational force (or other universally and uniformly acting force) may be supposed to act on a given rigid, uniformly dense body; the centre of gravity or centre of mass.
centroid: The point of intersection of the three medians of a given triangle; the point whose (Cartesian) coordinates are the arithmetic mean of the coordinates of the three vertices.
centroid: the point whose (Cartesian) coordinates are the arithmetic mean of the coordinates of a given finite set of points.
centroid: An analogue of the centre of gravity of a nonuniform body in which local density is replaced by a specified function (which can take negative values) and the place of the body's shape is taken by the function's domain.
centroid: the arithmetic mean (alternatively, median) position of a cluster of points in a coordinate system based on some application-dependent measure of distance.
centroid: Given a tree of n nodes, either (1) a unique node whose removal would split the tree into subtrees of fewer than n/2 nodes, or (2) either of a pair of adjacent nodes such that removal of the edge connecting them would split the tree into two subtrees of exactly n/2 nodes.
batterer: One who batters.
batterer: One who batters their spouse: one who commits domestic violence.
batterer: One who applies batter.
cockhead: The glans penis.
cockhead: Dickhead, a term of abuse.
cockhead: The rounded or pointed top of a grinding mill spindle, forming a pivot on which the stone is balanced.
fourpeat: A fourth successive win.
lodgment: An area used for lodging; a place in which a person or thing is or can be lodged.
lodgment: The condition of being lodged.
lodgment: The act of lodging or depositing.
lodgment: The occupation of a position by a besieging party, and the works thrown up to maintain it.
gameplan: Alternative form of game plan
beebread: Bee pollen with added honey and bee secretions, made and stored in brood cells by forager bees, and used as food for worker bees and larvae.
Sumatran: Someone from Sumatra
microohm: Alternative spelling of micro-ohm
daunting: gerund of daunt.
daunting: The act of discouraging or intimidating; discouragement, intimidation.
daunting: gerund of daunt.
daunting: The act of defeating, overcoming, or overwhelming.
milliohm: One thousandth (10⁻³) of an ohm, abbreviated as mΩ.
seamster: A person who sews clothes professionally
blow-dry: An instance of blow-drying
birdfeed: Food intended for birds, often a mixture of various seeds.
billable: Something that is billed for.
panderer: One who panders.
couveuse: An incubator for sickly infants, especially those born prematurely.
ethicist: A person, especially a philosopher, who studies ethics (principles governing right and wrong conduct).
ethicist: A person who advocates a particular set of principles governing right and wrong conduct.
aborigen: Alternative form of aborigin
shreward: A rascal; a scoundrel.
dime bag: A small bag containing ten dollars worth (usually one gram) of marijuana. This may refer to the unit of measurement or the bag itself.
satanism: Alternative letter-case form of Satanism
vainness: The property of being vain.
vainness: Futility; fruitlessness.
freeball: A ball that has been hit from below the top of the net.
freeball: A show that is developed by the station without participation by the network.
vinylogy: The transmission of electronic effects through a conjugated organic bonding system
eyeblink: An act of blinking one's eyelids one time.
eyeblink: A moment (a very short period of time).
tribelet: A small tribe of Native Americans, especially a small independent group of Native California people who shared a language and usually comprised one principal village, or several in close proximity, plus smaller resource-gathering camps and territories.
tribelet: A small tribal society in another part of the world.
cameltoe: The visible outline of a woman's labia or vulva, as a consequence of wearing tight pants.
cameltoe: The pudendal cleft itself
annexure: The process of annexing
annexure: Something annexed.
annexure: An appendix or attachment to a document.
Leninist: A person who follows or supports Lenin or the philosophy of Leninism.
demoness: A female demon.
imbibing: The act by which something is imbibed.
sea fret: A fog that comes from the sea.
birdcall: Any vocalisation of a bird.
birdcall: An imitation of this cry.
birdcall: A device used to imitate this cry, so as to lure and catch birds.
vitellus: The contents or substance of the ovum; egg yolk.
vitellus: Perisperm in an early condition.
phaseout: The action of phasing out; an incremental removal or reduction.
hexology: The study of hex signs.
Leninism: A political ideology developed by Vladimir Lenin that proposes the establishment of the dictatorship of the proletariat led by a revolutionary vanguard party, as the political prelude to the establishment of communism.
shagging: An act (or acts) of sexual intercourse.
cuddling: The act of giving a cuddle.
gobbling: The act of eating greedily and noisily.
gobbling: The sound of a turkey.
beguiler: A person who beguiles
pipevine: A of genus Aristolochia of vines.
hemiopia: hemianopia
polyopia: A condition in which multiple images of a single object are formed on the retina; multiple vision
ecotopia: Any ecologically ideal place or situation
hempvine: Any plant of the genus Mikania.
cyclopia: A congenital abnormality in which the orbits of the eye do not divide to form separate sockets.
cecropia: A large saturniid moth native to North America, Hyalophora cecropia, having distinctive red, white and black markings on the wings
cecropia: Any tree of the genus Cecropia.
chiefess: Synonym of chieftainess, a female chief.
cemetary: Misspelling of cemetery.
lutropin: luteinizing hormone
besieger: A person who besieges
bellyful: Enough to fill one's belly; a large portion of food eaten.
bellyful: An undesirably large quantity of something.
courante: An old French dance from the late Renaissance and the Baroque era in triple metre.
courante: The second movement of a baroque suite (following the allemande, and before the sarabande)
intonaco: The final, very thin layer of plaster on which a fresco is painted.
bickerer: One who bickers; one who engages in nagging or trivial arguing.
batology: The scientific study of plants in the genus Rubus, commonly known as brambles.
spit wad: A spitball (moistened piece of paper).
spit wad: A wad of spittle that has been spat by someone.
Pharisee: A member of an ancient Jewish political party, a social movement, and a school of thought among Jews that flourished during the Second Temple Era (536 B.C.E.–70 C.E.). The movement was ultimately the basis for most contemporary forms of Judaism.
Pharisee: A person who values the letter of the law over its spirit or intention.
clinking: A noise that clinks.
polybase: Any polybasic compound
vigoroso: A tempo mark directing that a passage is to be played with emphasis, spirit, vigour or energy.
vigoroso: A passage having this mark.
queueing: Alternative form of queuing
clogging: The situation of something being clogged.
clogging: The material that clogs or obstructs.
bicycler: Bicyclist, cyclist.
abration: Misspelling of abrasion.
Ontarian: A native or inhabitant of Ontario, Canada
biracial: A person belonging to two races.
planchet: A flat disk of metal used as a blank for stamping a coin.
felinity: The state of being feline.
felinity: Any feline characteristic.
felinity: catkind, all cats collectively (cf. humanity)
ataraxic: An ataractic or tranquilizing agent.
gestagen: progestagen
acrylate: Any salt or ester of acrylic acid.
spawning: The process by which something spawns.
auditing: The act or result of performing an audit.
Cantopop: Cantonese popular music, originating from Guangdong (Canton) and Hong Kong.
hitching: The act by which something is hitched.
fancying: Something fancied or imagined.
cockbird: The male of a game bird, especially of a pheasant.
cockbird: The male of any bird.
muddling: The act of one who muddles; confusion; disorderly progress.
agedness: The state or quality of being aged.
jongleur: An itinerant entertainer in medieval England and France; roles included song, music, acrobatics etc.; a troubadour.
jongleur: A juggler; a conjurer.
jongleur: A mountebank.
Quebecer: A native or inhabitant of the Canadian province of Quebec.
Quebecer: A native or inhabitant of Quebec City, in the province of Quebec.
pole-axe: Alternative spelling of poleaxe
biophase: The effect site of a drug
comtesse: A French countess.
longspur: A specific type of bird, of the genus Calcarius; it has a long claw on the hind toe of each foot.
awedness: The state or quality of being awed.
blaeness: The state or quality of being blae.
blowlamp: A burner that burns a fuel in air to produce a hot flame; a blowtorch
kingwood: Dalbergia cearensis, a Brazilian tree having a violet-brown, hard texture.
kingwood: The wood of this tree, used in cabinetmaking.
handlamp: A small lamp carried in the hand.
roadbase: The layer of aggregates under the paved layer of a road.
headship: The position of a head or chief.
headship: The position of a headmaster or headmistress.
headship: Authority or dignity.
sunstone: A translucent form of feldspar having flakes of hematite, used as an ornamental stone.
aridness: The state or quality of being arid.
endpaper: Either of two folded sheets of paper used to connect the front and back covers of a book to the first and last pages; a flyleaf
octobass: A very large double bass requiring two musicians, one to finger and one to bow.
wiseness: The state, quality, or measure of being wise; wisdom.
deepness: The state or quality of being deep (either physically or metaphorically)
ammonite: Any of an extinct group of cephalopods of the subclass Ammonoidea; a fossil shell of such an animal.
ammonite: An explosive prepared from a mixture of TNT and ammonium nitrate; a form of amatol, popular in Eastern Europe and China.
panelist: A person who is a member of a panel.
greyness: The state or quality of being grey.
polyfoam: Any of various materials, made from synthetic polymers, that have a cellular structure and are frequently used in upholstery or insulation.
metalate: Alternative spelling of metallate
debugger: A computer program that helps the user to test and debug other programs, by enabling their step-by-step execution controlled by the user, setting of breakpoints, and monitoring values of variables.
polyurea: Any of a class of polymeric elastomers whose repeat unit is a substituted urea
daziness: The state or quality of being dazy.
dankness: The state or quality of being dank.
blatancy: The state or quality of being blatant.
shitlist: A group of people held in contempt or targeted for revenge, etc.
Nevisian: Somebody from the Caribbean island of Nevis
Blairism: The political ideology attributed to the governments of British Prime Minister Tony Blair
Brownite: A supporter of Gordon Brown, or his economic or political policies
boniness: the property or degree of being bony
Reichian: A follower of Reich or his methods.
bobwhite: Any one of four species of quail in the genus Colinus, of the bird family Odontophoridae, limited to the Americas.
bumbling: The act of one who bumbles; a mistake or error, especially through clumsiness.
bodysuit: A one-piece, skin-tight garment rather like a leotard.
broiling: A food prepared by broiling.
broiling: gerund of broil: the act of broiling.
braiding: A braided trimming used as decoration on clothes or curtains.
burrower: One that burrows.
burrower: An animal that lives in an underground hole that it has made itself.
buncombe: Alternative spelling of bunkum
bodywork: The exterior body of a motor vehicle.
bodywork: The repair of a such body.
bodywork: The application of physical therapy as a preventive measure.
bodywork: A service offered that includes an erotic massage and may also include prostitution.
dairyman: A man who works in a dairy.
dairyman: A man who delivers dairy products.
dewiness: The state or quality of being dewy.
burnable: Anything that can be burned.
brooklet: A little brook.
dallying: dalliance
undoable: Something that cannot be done; an impossible or impractical task.
classist: An advocate of classism.
edginess: The state of being edgy.
educable: A person capable of being educated.
pardoner: One who pardons.
pardoner: In medieval Catholicism, a person licensed to grant papal pardons or indulgences.
direness: The state or quality of being dire.
knobhead: The glans penis
knobhead: A fool; an idiot; a contemptible person.
thraneen: An insignificant amount; a trifle
hylogeny: Alternative spelling of hylogenesis
cicerone: A guide who accompanies visitors and sightseers to museums, galleries, etc., and explains matters of archaeological, antiquarian, historic or artistic interest.
bobolink: An American migratory songbird, Dolichonyx oryzivorus, resembling a blackbird with the bill of a finch.
polypide: The internal contents of a bryozoan; includes the digestive and muscular systems.
tribrach: A metrical foot consisting of three short syllables.
tribrach: A figure or object having three arms or branches.
tribrach: A figure or object having three arms or branches.
tribrach: A tribrachial prehistoric flint implement.
ideation: The conceptualization of a mental image.
ideation: The synthesis of ideas.
appanage: Alternative form of apanage
cess-pit: Alternative spelling of cesspit
perjurer: someone who has committed perjury by lying under oath
curundum: Misspelling of corundum.
embosser: A person who or a thing which embosses
gunflint: The piece of flint or other suitable natural stone that is used in a flintlock weapon to generate a spark
fluidics: The branch of engineering and technology that is concerned with the construction of devices that use the flow and pressure of a fluid in circuits analogous to electronic ones
hold-all: Alternative spelling of holdall
hide-out: Alternative spelling of hideout
babouche: A Turkish or Moroccan slipper having no heel.
splutter: A forceful emission of something, especially in small drops or particles; a spluttering or sputtering.
splutter: A forceful choking or spitting sound.
splutter: A noisy commotion.
splutter: A disagreement or dispute.
splutter: Chaotic and forceful speaking, verbal exchange, etc.; (countable) an instance of this.
limequat: A citrus tree, a cross between a lime and a kumquat, Citrus × floridana
limequat: The fruit from this tree
charlady: A woman who cleans houses and offices as an occupation.
landslip: The sliding of a mass of land down a cliff or slope; a landslide.
puddling: The action of forming a puddle.
puddling: The process of working clay, loam, pulverized ore, etc., with water, to render it compact, or impervious to liquids.
puddling: The act of lining a canal with puddle to make it watertight.
puddling: The first true industrial process to produce steel from pig iron.
puddling: A group of mallards (ducks).
puddling: A behaviour in which animals like butterflies seek out moist substances to obtain nutrients.
primness: The quality or state of being prim, precise, or proper.
handover: The transference of authority, control, power or knowledge from one agency to another, or from one state to another.
handover: The information passed on in such a case.
handover: the process of transferring an ongoing call or data session from one channel connected to the core network to another channel.
handover: the process of transferring satellite control responsibility from one earth station to another without loss or interruption of service.
handover: The transfer of goods from the dealer to the purchaser, often of illegal goods.
groschen: Any of several obsolete European silver coins.
fly half: Alternative form of fly-half
foxiness: The characteristic or quality of being foxy
pretrial: A preliminary trial held in advance of a court trial.
pegamoid: A waterproof varnish used, applied to surfaces, in bookbinding and upholstery
pegamoid: imitation leather
openwork: Any of several forms of metalwork or needlework having decorative openings.
openwork: A quarry; an open cut.
grimness: The characteristic or quality of being grim.
anuresis: The inability to urinate; the retention of urine in the bladder.
drop-out: Alternative spelling of dropout
suedette: A fabric, made from cotton or rayon, that has the texture of suede.
toothmug: A mug for holding dentures when not in use.
toothmug: A mug for holding toothpaste and toothbrushes, and then water for cleaning the teeth.
Maxonian: A native or inhabitant of Macclesfield.
close-up: A photographic (or other) image in which the subject is shown at a relatively large scale, and occupies most or all of the frame.
matchbox: A small cardboard box in which matches are kept.
matchbox: Any small die-cast toy car, usually collectible.
chunking: The process of reducing something to short, thick pieces, usually using a hammer or a crowbar.
chunking: A strategy for making more efficient use of short-term memory by recoding information.
chunking: A method of presenting information which splits concepts into small pieces or "chunks" of information to make reading and understanding faster and easier, using such methods as bulleted lists, short subheadings, or short sentences with one or two ideas per sentence.
chunking: The division of memory or data etc. into smaller units for easier processing.
chunking: The partial-quotients method for solving simple division problems by repeated subtraction.
car wash: An event at which people (often students) wash cars, often for a small fee or donation
car wash: A place at which a car is washed, usually for a fee and often mechanically by driving the car through a tunnel.
car wash: An instance of washing a car, especially such a place.
calvados: An apple brandy made in Normandy, France.
calvados: A glass of this spirit.
shagreen: An untanned leather, often dyed green; originally made from horse skin, today mostly made from the skin of a shark or ray.
shagreen: A rough or spiny surface of an insect's cuticle.
diapause: A temporary pause in the growth and development of an organism due to adverse environmental conditions (especially in insects and in the embryos of many of the oviparous species of fish in the order Cyprinodontiformes)
bridging: The act of building a bridge.
bridging: The system of bracing used between floor or other timbers to distribute the weight.
pope hat: The mitre worn by popes.
endpoint: Either of the two points at the ends of a line segment.
endpoint: A defined occurrence during the observation period of an experiment or study.
endpoint: The stage in a titration at which a change in the colour of an indicator indicates that no more titrant should be added.
endpoint: The entity at one end of a connection.
endpoint: Part of a system that serves as a hook, allowing third-party code to intercept and modify behaviour at that point.
endpoint: Either of the two nodes of a graph of degree 1.
parroter: A person who mindlessly repeats what he or she has heard.
Olympian: Any of the 12 principal gods and goddesses of the Greek pantheon (Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Ares, Hermes, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Athena, Apollo, Artemis, Demeter, and Hades); (specifically) preceded by the: Zeus, the supreme ruler of the Greek deities.
Olympian: In the Platonist theology of Plethon, a god in one group of supercelestial gods, the other group of such gods being the Tartareans or Titans.
Olympian: A person with superior talents or towering achievements.
Olympian: An inhabitant of the city of Olympia, the capital of Washington, United States.
Olympian: A sportsperson competing in the ancient Olympic Games.
Olympian: A sportsperson competing in the modern Olympic Games.
mathlete: A member of the math team of a primary school or secondary school.
ophidism: Poisoning by snake venom.
octonary: A group of eight things
wine bar: A drinking establishment where only wine is served.
hoggerel: A sheep of the second year.
hogframe: A trussed frame extending fore and aft, usually above deck, and intended to increase the longitudinal strength and stiffness, used chiefly in American river and lake steamers.
hogchain: A chain or tie rod, in a boat or barge, to prevent the vessel from hogging.
sexology: The study of sex and sexuality, usually from a psychological or clinical perspective.
nucellus: The tissue which surrounds and protects the embryo and lies inside of the integuments.
enameler: A person who applies enamel, especially a craftsman who applies decorative enamel
polypary: polyparium
polypier: A polyparium
polypier: The individual attachment of a polyp to a polypidom
dillseed: The pungent seed of the dill plant, used as a flavouring.
erasable: Any recording medium whose contents can be erased.
homeobox: A short sequence of DNA that is shared by several genes involved in the morphogenesis of many organisms.
eruptive: An eruptive rock, one produced by eruption.
endorser: A person who endorses
milk run: A routine trip, especially one involving several stops
milk run: The collection of mixed loads from multiple fixed sources on a regular basis.
milk run: An uneventful mission, especially a military sortie completed without incident
milk run: A campaign for a political office whose main apparent purpose is to "milk" money from supporters in order to provide a source of income for the candidate, campaign staff, and family members.
read-out: The information, usually a measurement, displayed on a graduated scale.
read-out: The information output from a computer in a readable form.
pinwheel: An artificial flower with a stem, usually plastic, for children: the flower spins round in the wind, like a small paper windmill.
pinwheel: A firework which forms a kind of spinning wheel.
pinwheel: A cogged (toothed) gear.
pinwheel: A pastry which resembles the artificial flowers above, with some filling or topping in the center.
pinwheel: Any food product consisting of layers (for example of pastry and sweet filling, or of bread and meat) rolled into a spiral, visually similar to a cinnamon roll.
enlistee: A person who enlists (or is enlisted), especially into the armed forces
galliard: A lively dance, popular in 16th- and 17th-century Europe.
galliard: The triple-time music for this dance.
galliard: A brisk, merry person.
galliard: An intermediate size of type alternatively equated with brevier (by Didot points) or bourgeois (by Fournier points and by size).
ecocline: A gradation from one ecosystem to another when there is no sharp boundary between the two. It is the joint expression of associated community (coenocline) and complex environmental gradients.
moonpool: Alternative form of moon pool
flânerie: idling about, dawdling about, loafing about
striping: A pattern of stripes.
skyboard: a lightweight board used in sport similar to a snowboard, usually equipped with foot bindings and a recovery parachute, used for skysurfing or skyboarding, a type of skydiving in which the skydiver performs surfing-style aerobatics during free-fall.
droplist: A pull-down menu.
ensilage: The process of producing silage by the fermentation of green fodder.
ensilage: Synonym of silage.
updation: The act or process of updating.
updation: An instance of that process: an update.
faux ami: A false friend; one of a pair of words in different languages or dialects that look similar and may be related but that differ significantly in meaning.
mephitis: A poisonous or foul-smelling gas, especially as emitted from the earth; an unpleasant smell.
mephitis: A dilution of fluids derived from skunks or polecats.
enuresis: Involuntary urination: urinary incontinence.
enuresis: Such incontinence at nighttime, especially during sleep.
dark elf: A member of the race of Dǫkkálfar or Dark Alfs, creatures who live underground.
dark elf: A member of a race of elves that is evil, has a dark (often greyish or bluish) skin and/or lives in dark places.
engraver: a person who engraves
engraver: a tool used in this process
punctate: A puncture.
yoghourt: Alternative spelling of yogurt
eventing: An equestrian event which comprises dressage, cross-country, and showjumping; a similar event using motor cars
eventing: The ability of one system or part of a program to send notifications to another, by raising events.
eventing: The occurrence of an event.
chromite: A dark brown mineral species with the formula FeCr₂O₄.
chromite: Any member of the chromite-magnesiochromite series that is a mixed oxide of iron, magnesium and chromium with the formula (Fe,Mg)Cr₂O₄. It is a commercial source of chromium.
dillybag: Alternative form of dilly bag
sea-calf: Alternative spelling of sea calf, Phoca vitulina.
sea calf: The common seal, Phoca vitulina.
chyluria: A medical condition involving the presence of chyle in the urine.
bullocky: A person (usually a man) who drives a cart pulled by a team of bullocks.
coliform: Such a bacterium
flatiron: A simple iron (for pressing laundry) which is heated on a stove.
flatiron: A pair of metal tongs with heated ceramic plates used for straightening hair.
flatiron: a quadrilateral with two parallel sides, one of which is very short, and whose non-parallel sides are longer than either parallel side.
flatiron: A steeply sloping triangular landform created by the differential erosion of a steeply dipping, erosion-resistant layer of rock overlying softer strata.
flatiron: Ellipsis of flat iron steak.
Frenchie: Alternative spelling of Frenchy (“French person”)
Frenchie: A condom; abbreviated form of French letter.
Frenchie: A French Bulldog.
Frenchie: A French kiss.
newsdesk: The department of a newspaper or broadcasting organization responsible for the collecting of news from journalists and others, and for distributing it to editors.
pendency: The state of being pendent; suspension.
newswire: A service used for the transmission of breaking news to the media or to the public.
consorte: One of the organisms that associates with another species in consortism.
cobalmin: Alternative spelling of cobalamin
goriness: The state of being gory.
grayness: Alternative form of greyness
groveler: A person who grovels.
creodont: A member of the extinct Creodonta order of mammals that lived from the Paleocene to the Pliocene epoch.
cephalon: The head of a trilobite.
memorate: an oral narrative from memory relating a personal experience, especially the precursor of a legend.
grosbeak: Any of several finches and cardinals that have a large, powerful bill
selvedge: Alternative spelling of selvage
gossiper: A person who gossips.
theanine: amino acid commonly found in tea
slamming: The act of something being slammed.
grudging: The state of bearing a grudge.
pygidium: The caudal plate of trilobites, crustacea, and certain insects.
plug hat: A hard, black hat with a narrow brim, such as a bowler or top hat.
shirting: Any fabric used to make shirts.
shirting: Shirts collectively.
sheeting: Fabric used to make sheets (bedding).
sheeting: The process of forming material into sheets.
sheeting: A lining of planks or boards for protecting an embankment.
sheeting: A weathering process in which rock breaks into sheets after compressional stress on it is removed.
coenurus: A complex tapeworm larva growing interstitially in vertebrate tissues and consisting of a large fluid-filled sac from the inner wall of which numerous scolices develop.
druidism: The religion, philosophical beliefs, and attendant ritual practices of the druids.
art film: A cinematic film intended to be an artistic work rather than a commercial film having mass appeal.
grupetto: A group of notes played together that are added to the melody, also known as the "turn" or grace notes.
grupetto: A small group.
grupetto: The trailing group of riders in a stage race that tries to finish the race stage in which it was formed at a time just under the cut-off time for when they would otherwise be disqualified from continuing on to the next stage of the race.
drawlink: drawbar
drawbolt: A coupling pin
drawhead: The flanged outer end of a drawbar.
drawhead: A name applied to the drawgear.
drawloom: A kind of loom used in weaving figured patterns.
drawloom: A kind of damask made on the drawloom.
drawgear: A harness for draught horses.
drawgear: The means or parts by which cars are connected to be drawn.
drawbore: A hole bored through a tenon nearer to the shoulder than the holes through the cheeks are to the edge or abutment against which the shoulder is to rest, so that a pin or bolt, when driven into it, will draw these parts together.
drawling: The act of speaking with a drawl.
pyriform: A pyriform object.
Lazarist: A member of the Congregation of the Priests of the Mission founded by St Vincent de Paul.
verbform: Alternative form of verb form
tallness: The quality or characteristic of being tall.
axeblade: The blade of an axe; or, a blade identical to that of an axe, but not actually part of one.
jadarite: A mineral, sodium lithium boron silicate hydroxide.
rerecord: Alternative spelling of re-record
adjugate: The transpose of the respective cofactor matrix, for a given matrix. One of the factors in calculating the inverse of a matrix. Commonly notated as adj(A), where A is the given matrix.
mudstone: A fine-grained sedimentary rock whose original constituents were clays or muds.
hot mess: A warm meal, usually cooked in a large pot, often similar to a stew or porridge; service of such a heated meal to soldiers.
hot mess: A situation or object in a state of extreme disarray.
hot mess: A disheveled or unbalanced person, particularly one who is nevertheless, or therefore, attractive.
hot mess: Trouble.
nightcap: A warm cloth cap worn while sleeping, often with pajamas, being common attire in northern Europe before effective home heating became widespread.
nightcap: A beverage drunk before bed that is usually alcoholic.
nightcap: Something that a person reads or listens to before bed.
nightcap: The final match of a sporting contest, especially the second game of a baseball doubleheader.
nightcap: A cap drawn over the face of the condemned person before they are hanged.
nugation: The act or practice of trifling (focusing on the trivial or inconsequential.)
beremeal: A wholegrain flour made from bere, a variety of barley grown in northern Scotland, Orkney, and the Shetland Islands. It is commonly used in making bannocks and ale.
babycare: The act of supervising and taking care of babies.
sortable: A component that allows a sequence of items to be reordered via drag and drop.
hieratic: A writing system used in pharaonic Egypt that was developed alongside the hieroglyphic system, primarily written in ink with a reed brush on papyrus, allowing scribes to write quickly without resorting to the time consuming hieroglyphs.
fifteens: A medieval tax on movable property.
summitry: The holding of a summit (conference) or summits generally
summitry: Participation in a summit
studding: The timber framework for a lath and plaster wall.
studding: A batten of wood for this framework.
studding: Anything with which a surface is studded.
supermom: A mother who looks after her home and children whilst being in full-time employment.
fagoting: A decoration of a fabric achieved by removing threads and tying others into bunches.
fagoting: The joining of hemmed edges of fabric with crisscrossed threads.
fastback: A motor car having a continuous slope from the roof to the rear
bandying: gerund of bandy (“the act of one who bandies”)
scudetto: The Italian Serie A Championship title.
glycosyl: Any functional group derived from a sugar (especially from a monosaccharide) by removal of the hemiacetal hydroxy group.
fervency: The state of being fervent.
finagler: A person who finagles; a cheat or swindler
shaddock: Synonym of pomelo, in all its senses including (inexact) grapefruit.
filterer: A person who, or device that, filters
genomics: The study of the complete genome of an organism.
maiolica: Alternative form of majolica (“earthenware coated with opaque white tin glaze”)
palterer: One who palters.
deftness: The characteristic of being deft.
drabness: The characteristic of being drab.
confocal: Any of a pair of confocal mirrors or lenses
mole rat: Alternative spelling of mole-rat.
trueness: The characteristic of being true.
trueness: Loyalty; faithfulness; constancy.
forepeak: The part of the hold of a ship within the angle of the bow
Mandingo: A member of the Mandinka people.
Mandingo: A black man with a large penis.
forepart: The front or anterior part of something.
finisher: A person who finishes or completes something.
finisher: A person who applies a finish to something, such as furniture.
finisher: The person who applies the gilding and decoration in bookbinding.
finisher: A construction machine used to smooth a newly constructed road surface.
finisher: The blow that ends a fight; the knock-out blow.
finisher: A finishing move.
finisher: A player who scores points for their team.
finisher: A substitute player who plays at the end of the game.
curricle: A light two-wheeled carriage large enough for the driver and a passenger and drawn by a carefully-matched pair.
landmine: Alternative spelling of land mine
moralist: One who bases all decisions on perceived morals, especially one who enforces them with censorship.
moralist: A teacher of morals; a person who studies morality; a moral philosopher.
flashgun: An electrically powered device used to trigger a flashbulb.
flashgun: Any similar unit used to generate repeatable flashes of light for photography.
flatware: Eating utensils; cutlery, such as forks, knives and spoons.
flatware: plates, dishes and other relatively flat crockery.
flatland: Synonym of plain (“land of relatively constant altitude”)
flatland: An urban region with many flats or apartments to rent.
flare-up: A sudden outbreak, outburst or eruption (originally of flame, but now used more generally of any violent activity or emotion).
flare-up: A sudden intensification in activity.
flare-up: An inflammation such as of tendons (tendonitis) or joints (osteoarthritis).
flimflam: Alternative form of flim-flam
fleshpot: A place offering entertainment of a sensual or luxurious nature.
occulter: Any object, natural or man-made, that blocks the light of an object from an observer, typically used in reference to astronomical events.
myosotis: Any plant of the genus Myosotis, the forget-me-nots.
maroquin: leather made from goatskin
sulindac: A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used as an analgesic and antipyretic
aversive: A grammatical case indicating that something is avoided or feared; the evitative case.
aversive: An unpleasant stimulus intended to induce a change in behaviour.
grocer's: A shop or store that sells groceries.
exploder: Someone or something that explodes.
exploder: A device to trigger explosive detonators such as a plunger or crank operated electrical generator.
exploder: A device to trigger explosions in torpedoes.
exploder: A person who directs their anger outward.
exploder: One who rejects an opinion or scheme with open contempt.
buzzkill: Something that or someone who spoils an otherwise enjoyable event.
buzzkill: A person who attends a social event and occupies his or her time with unsociable activities.
monomial: A single term consisting of a product of numbers and variables with positive integer exponents.
peachick: A baby peafowl.
hot seal: A method of applying a piece of embroidered or printed fabric (i.e. a patch) to another piece of fabric by using a heat activated adhesive.
hot seal: The adhesive backing itself.
fluidity: The state of being fluid rather than viscous
fluidity: A measure of the extent to which something is fluid. The reciprocal of its viscosity.
fluidity: The quality of being fluid or free-flowing
flypaper: A strip of paper coated with a sticky, often poisonous, substance that catches and kills flies that land on it
mild ale: A relatively low-gravity beer, often with a dark colour.
mild ale: Young (newly brewed) ale, not yet having developed a tangy flavour.
flatfoot: A condition in which the arch of the foot makes contact with the ground.
flatfoot: A person having the above condition.
flatfoot: (plural typically flatfoots) A policeman.
flatfoot: A sailor.
renderer: One who, or that which, renders.
renderer: A vessel in which lard, tallow, etc., is rendered.
renderer: A software or hardware process that generates a visual image from a model.
doornail: A nail with a wide head, traditionally used in the construction and ornamentation of wooden doors.
diatreme: A cone-shaped volcanic vent produced by the explosion of gas-filled magma.
debation: debating
forkball: A baseball pitch, much like the sinker.
iterator: One who or that which iterates.
iterator: A method capable of performing the same action on every item in a collection.
thearchy: A government ruled by God or a god; a theocracy.
thearchy: A system or ordering of deities. (Compare pantheon.)
Majorcan: Alternative form of Mallorcan
cashflow: Alternative form of cash flow
caruncle: A small, fleshy excrescence that is a normal part of an animal's anatomy.
caruncle: Clipping of lacrimal caruncle: the red prominence at the inner corner of the eye.
caruncle: A colored waxy or oily outgrowth near the micropyle of some seeds, attractive to ants which aid the seed's dispersal.
chicheme: A drink, found almost exclusively in Panama and Costa Rica, made from milk, hominy,cinnamon, and vanilla.
plateful: The quantity contained on a plate.
all-caps: Alternative spelling of all caps
komissar: Alternative form of commissar
kombinat: A combine; an industrial business conglomerate, particularly in the former Soviet Union.
decretal: A papal decree, particularly one derived from an ecclesiastical letter.
decretal: Any decree or pronounced instruction.
chinking: The material used to fill the spaces between logs in a log house; caulking.
chinking: The sound of something that chinks.
coregent: joint ruler or regent
hedonics: The ethical study of pleasure
quickset: The cuttings used, or the hedge produced by this method
foldaway: A piece of furniture, of any kind, that can be folded away when not in use.
monodist: The writer of a monody.
polyphon: A wooden-cased music box of a kind typically manufactured in Germany.
knackery: The workplace of a knacker; a knacker's yard.
noontime: Noon.
noontime: Approximately noon.
noontime: The time at which something peaks in some way (e.g., in vitality, in influence, in reknown) (by analogy with the waxing of the sun each day).
deflator: That which deflates.
deflator: A factor applied to economic statistics in order to counter the effect of inflation.
studiolo: A study (room).
seignory: Alternative form of seigniory
reviewer: A person who writes reviews for a newspaper or other publication; a critic.
reviewer: An inspector.
drystone: A stalactite or stalagmite.
frontlet: The forehead.
frontlet: The forehead of an animal, especially of a deer or stag (including the antlers).
frontlet: An ornament worn on the forehead.
frontlet: A bandage or medical preparation worn around the head.
fire dog: Bronze Age artifact used in worshipping either bulls or the moon, or as a holder for wooden logs to be used in a fire altar.
fire dog: Either of a pair of horizontal metal supports for holding logs in a fireplace.
mandamus: A common law prerogative writ that compels a court or government officer to perform mandatory or purely ministerial duties correctly.
greenwax: Alternative spelling of green wax
isocline: A tightly folded syncline or anticline in which the two sides are almost parallel.
isocline: A line, curve or function on a graph or map linking points with the same slope or gradient.
isocline: A line on a map linking places with the same magnetic dip; an isoclinic line.
bottomer: A person who makes the seat part of a chair.
bottomer: A person employed to attend to the bottom of the shaft.
bone wax: A kind of wax, usually beeswax with the addition of paraffin or some other agent to soften it, used to stop bleeding from bones during surgery.
gatefold: A document folding method that uses two parallel folds to create six panels; the left and right panels are half the width of the center panels and fold inward to meet in the middle without overlapping.
surprize: Alternative spelling of surprise
waxy cap: Any agaric of the family Hygrophoraceae.
lost wax: A method of casting a sculpture in which a model of the sculpture is made from wax; the model is used to make a mould; when the mould has set, the wax is made to melt and is poured away, leaving the mould ready to be used to cast the sculpture.
pot-hole: Alternative form of pothole
faineant: An irresponsible or lazy person.
gin pole: A long, supporting pole used during the erection of a mast or pylon.
pitchman: A salesman, especially one who aggressively markets wares from a street stall, or a carnival or side show act.
ethicism: The application of ethics.
muteness: The characteristic of being mute.
this way: In the indicated direction or manner.
throbber: A widget consisting of a static image that animates during execution of a task.
throbber: An erect penis.
disunion: separation of a union
followup: Alternative spelling of follow-up
munching: gerund of munch: the action of one who munches.
munching: The sound of one who munches.
warbling: A sound that warbles.
hatchway: A means of passing through a wall or floor, having a hatch (especially on a ship); a doorway with a hatch rather than a door.
footrace: A race run on foot.
resurvey: A second or renewed survey.
whinmill: A mill for grinding gorse (whin) for use as feed for horses.
tegument: Something which covers; a covering or coating.
tegument: A natural covering of the body or of a bodily organ; an integument.
demoniac: Someone who is possessed by a demon.
vitamine: Obsolete form of vitamin.
forelimb: The anterior limb (or equivalent appendage) of an animal
highroad: Alternative spelling of high road
beeramid: A pyramid made from emptied cans of beer.
beeramid: A drinking game that involves laying fifteen playing cards out in a pyramid, and drinking based on the cards laid out.
foreseer: A person who foresees
foredoom: A doom that is predicted; destiny.
sillabub: Alternative spelling of syllabub
flambeau: A burning torch, especially one carried in procession.
laborant: A chemist.
palestra: Alternative form of palaestra
opponent: One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.
opponent: One who opposes another physically (in a fight, sport, game, or competition).
opponent: One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.
opponent: One who opposes another in words (in a dispute, argument or controversy).
opponent: One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.
opponent: One who is opposed or objects (to a policy, course of action or set of ideas).
opponent: One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.
opponent: The participant who opens an academic debate by putting forward objections to a theological or philosophical thesis.
opponent: One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.
titrator: A device that titrates, such as an automatic titrator.
titrator: Synonym of titrant.
blabbing: gossip; the telling of tales or of confidences
facedown: Alternative form of face-down (“a confrontation”)
enacture: action, act of enacting
gazzetta: An old Venetian coin, equal to a halfpenny.
cerement: A burial shroud or garment.
cerement: Cerecloth.
devolver: A devolutionist.
automath: One who is self-taught; an autodidact.
pashalik: The jurisdiction or the territory of a pasha.
anestrus: In some female animals, a spell of sexual respite in between breeding periods.
forgiver: A person who forgives.
aliquote: Misspelling of aliquot.
nuoc mam: A fish sauce used in Vietnamese cookery.
conodont: Any of several extinct fish-like chordates having cone-like teeth.
conodont: A microfossil tooth of such an animal.
meraspis: A stage in the development of a trilobite where the creature is growing, molting and developing its adult segmentation, but has not yet grown all segments.
holaspis: A stage in the development of a trilobite at which the creature has gained its adult segmentation, but continues to molt and grow.
glabella: The space between the eyebrows and above the nose.
glabella: The axial protuberance on the cephalon of certain arthropods (especially trilobites).
dolcetto: A grape variety from Piedmont, used to make a red wine.
dolcetto: The dry, slightly bitter wine made from this grape.
bleating: A noise that bleats.
bleating: Inane or plaintive chatter.
crocoite: A rare red mineral; lead chromate, PbCrO₄.
fortuity: The state of being fortuitous.
fortuity: A fortuitous event; an accident.
polyache: A mathematical function defined in terms of the sums of powers. (See reference for details.)
polypite: A fossil polyp
polypite: An individual polyp of a colonial cnidarian
cryotron: A switch that employs superconductivity
croaking: The sound of something that croaks.
hoofbeat: The sound of a hoof striking the ground.
drum kit: A collection of drums and other percussion instruments designed to be played together.
retching: The act of one who retches.
vicinage: A surrounding district; a neighbourhood.
vicinage: The people of a neighbourhood.
vicinage: The state of living near something; proximity, closeness.
vicinage: The area where a crime was committed, a trial is being held, or the community from which jurors are drawn.
vicinage: A geographical division of the w:New Jersey Superior Court, covering one or more counties, for judicial administration and the assignment of venue to an action within the Superior Court
inlining: An instance of in-line expansion.
fourfold: An algebraic variety of degree 4.
yataghan: A type of sword used in Muslim countries from the mid-16th to late 19th centuries.
memeplex: A set of memes which interact to reinforce each other
tamperer: One who tampers.
butthook: Attachment to the butt of a rifle that fits around the shoulder of the shooter.
dolerite: A type of fine-grained basaltic rock.
sad sack: An incompetent or inept person.
sad sack: A perennial failure or victim of misfortune.
numbnuts: A slow-witted, unresponsive, or inept person (usually male).
glassing: An act of glassing (stabbing with broken glass).
coverlid: A coverlet.
Masshole: A contemptible or obnoxious person from Massachusetts.
Masshole: Especially, an obnoxious or irresponsible automobile driver from Massachusetts.
Masshole: A resident of Massachusetts.
rosarian: An expert in the cultivation and propagation of roses
affogato: A drink or dessert (especially ice-cream) topped with espresso and sometimes a caramel or chocolate sauce
earpiece: A speaker placed inside or held near to the ear.
earpiece: A receiver of a telephone to hold near to one's ear.
earpiece: The arm on a pair of glasses that hooks over the ear to hold them in place.
love egg: A small vibrating egg-shaped sex toy designed for vaginal or anal stimulation.
ash-leaf: A leaf of an ash tree; used attributively in various terms (see Derived terms below).
syconium: A collective fleshy fruit, in which the ovaries are hidden within a hollow receptacle, as in the fig; a hollow ball with a stalk at one end and an opening (ostiole) at the other, with flowers or fruits on the inside
anthesis: The event of a flower opening.
end-leaf: A blank sheet at the beginning or end of a book.
fig-leaf: Alternative spelling of fig leaf
calamite: A member of the extinct genus of treelike horsetails (†Calamites).
ivy-leaf: The leaf of the ivy.
leafbird: A small passerine bird of the genus Chloropsis, native to India and southeast Asia.
terrazzo: A faux-marble material used for flooring and countertops.
derriere: Alternative spelling of derrière
euxenite: A dark brown lustrous mineral that is a mixed oxide of cerium, erbium, titanium, uranium, yttrium and other more common metals, with the chemical formula (Y,Ca,Ce,U,Th)(Nb,Ta,Ti)₂O₆.
day pack: Alternative spelling of daypack
metamict: A mineral with a disrupted crystal structure due to radiation damage.
apophyse: apophysis
perthite: A laminated mixture of two feldspars: plagioclase and either orthoclase or microcline.
dichroic: A dichroic filter
pétanque: A form of boules originating from the south of France.
prowling: The act of one who prowls.
lamantin: The manatee.
egg hunt: An Easter egg hunt.
hohlraum: A cavity whose walls are in thermodynamic equilibrium with the radiation emitted by the cavity
fairplay: Alternative form of fair play
oreshoot: An elongated body of ore that follows a vein.
ushering: An act of guiding or escorting.
fluffing: The act by which something is fluffed.
coddling: The act of one who coddles or pampers.
coddling: Alternative form of codling (type of apple)
primping: The act of one who primps.
slinking: The act of one who slinks.
savoring: The act by which something is savored.
poolside: The area beside a pool.
derivate: Something derived; a derivative.
prestate: The state that exists before an operation.
majorant: A function, or an element of a set, that dominates others or is greater than all others.
maestria: mastery, skill
blurring: A blurry patch.
montante: A type of longsword used in the 16th and 17th centuries.
capitolo: A kind of satirical Italian poem in triplet stanzas.
tremando: A passage played in a trembling, wavering manner.
adorning: An adornment.
cynology: The study of dogs.
nebulose: A nebula.
solatium: A form of compensation for emotional rather than physical or financial harm.
solatium: Intangible or emotional compensation.
operette: Alternative form of operetta (“light opera”)
microRNA: A single-stranded, non-coding form of RNA, having only about 20-30 nucleotides, that has a number of functions including the regulation of gene expression
trash TV: A genre of television talk show with little educational content and a focus on controversy and confrontation.
anomeric: Synonym of anomer
ursigram: A message broadcast by telex, radio or otherwise, containing scientific data (such as sunspot activity etc)
tragedie: Obsolete spelling of tragedy
paragram: A play upon words; a pun.
leaffish: A small South American freshwater fish of the family Polycentridae.
leaffish: An Asian leaffish, of family Nandidae
leaffish: Taenianotus triacanthus (leaf scorpionfish), of the family Scorpaenidae.
ocotillo: Any of various succulent plants, not closely related to the cactus, in genus Fouquieria, especially Fouquieria splendens, living in Central America or the southwest United States.
fauchard: An early European weapon consisting of a curved blade on a long pole.
estragon: tarragon
nunation: The use of a suffix ("-n") signifying a lack of syntactical definiteness of the noun or adjective in standard Arabic. It is written as a diacritic over the final letter.
nunation: The use of a suffix ("-n") in dual forms in Akkadian.
leafworm: Any caterpillar that eats the leaves of plants.
sforzato: Alternative form of sforzando
actioner: An action movie.
capivara: Archaic form of capybara.
headlamp: An individual headlight, particularly of a motor vehicle.
headlamp: A flashlight worn on the head.
creekbed: Alternative spelling of creek bed
wellbore: The hole produced when drilling an oil or gas well.
me three: An expression of support to a position that has already been proposed and seconded after someone has already said "me too." Can be continued as me four, me five, and so on.
fossette: A little hollow; a dimple.
fossette: A small, deep-centred ulcer of the transparent cornea.
fossette: A small depression in the crown of a tooth
umbrette: Synonym of hammerkop (Scopus umbretta, a bird)
arvicole: field mouse (US, Canada), vole
paneling: Alternative spelling of panelling
procelle: A storm, a tempest.
thermals: thermal underwear
cumulate: An igneous rock formed by the accumulation of crystals from a magma either by settling or floating.
enhydros: A geode of chalcedony containing trapped water.
isolette: An incubator for a new-born baby.
freedman: A man who has been released from a condition of slavery.
cringing: Act of one who cringes.
forsaker: One who forsakes.
slitting: The act by which something is slit.
funnyman: comedian
patch-up: The act of patching or repairing.
patch-up: An instance of patching or repairing.
patch-up: A hastily performed repair job; a quick fix.
cambiata: A pattern in a homophonic or polyphonic (and usually contrapuntal) setting of a melody where a note is skipped from (typically by an interval of a third) in one direction (either going up or down in pitch) followed by the note skipped to, and then by motion in the opposite direction, and where either the note skipped from is distinguished as a dissonance or the note skipped to is distinguished as a non-harmonic or non-chordal tone.
hematite: An iron ore, mainly peroxide of iron, Fe₂O₃.
nascency: A state of incipiency; a quality of nascence.
tea-leaf: Alternative spelling of tea leaf
moorland: Open land that has an acidic peaty soil and is mostly covered with heather or bracken.
Peronist: A supporter of Juan Perón and/or Eva Perón and/or their regime.
Peronist: An adherent of modern-day Peronism, including any of the political parties that identify themselves as such.
graining: The practice of imitating woodgrain on a surface.
graining: Indentation; roughening; milling, as on edges of coins.
graining: A process in dressing leather, by which the skin is softened and the grain raised.
graining: The process of separating soap from spent lye, as with salt.
graining: A small European freshwater fish (Leuciscus leuciscus); the dobule or dace.
cleanout: An opening or drain leading into a plumbing system to provide a location to insert a snake or other implement for cleaning.
cleanout: An enema
tophaike: A Turkish musket
logophor: A reflexive pronoun with discourse antecedents; i.e. a reflexive pronoun whose antecedent does not occur in the sentence itself.
diffuser: Any person or thing that diffuses.
diffuser: A device designed to diffuse a scent efficiently.
diffuser: Any device that or spreads out or scatters light, making the light appear softer.
diffuser: A shaped section of a car's underbody which improves the car's aerodynamic properties.
diffuser: A mechanical device that is designed to control the characteristics of a fluid at the entrance to a thermodynamic open system.
diffuser: An aerating device consisting of a membrane with fine pores, through which air is blown to generate small bubbles.
diffuser: A cooking item that can be placed above a stove heating element or burner to separate the cooking utensil from the heat source.
diffuser: A hairdryer attachment that diffuses the flow of air.
marketer: One who designs and executes marketing campaigns.
marketer: One who sells products or services, for example goods at a market; called a marketeer in UK English.
frame-up: Alternative spelling of frameup
freakout: A frightening or disorientating experience, especially one that results from the use of a hallucinogenic drug.
freakout: An occurrence of unrestrained or irrational behaviour.
freebase: The purified, dry form of an amine, especially an alkaloid natural product, that is normally used in solution.
freebase: The purified, dry form of certain illegal drugs, especially cocaine.
heuretic: Of or relating to discovery or invention
heuretic: The branch of logic concerned with discovery or invention
spalting: Any coloration of wood, either living or dead, by fungi, which is considered visually or texturally appealing. Biochemical responses by the tree are not included within the scope of spalting.
delicata: An heirloom variety of winter squash, oblong in shape and having a cream-colored skin with green stripes
ropeloft: A building for storing and repairing of nets, ropes, and ships' rigging.
dataflow: Alternative spelling of data flow
impresse: Obsolete form of impress. (a heraldic device; an impresa)
froufrou: Alternative spelling of frou-frou
gloriosa: Any of the lilies of the genus Gloriosa.
frontage: The front part of a property or building that faces the street.
frontage: The land between a property and the street.
frontage: The length of a property along a street.
frontage: Property or territory adjacent to a body of water.
frontage: The front part generally.
indigene: An indigenous person; a native.
indigena: A native, local, indigenous inhabitant, aboriginal.
fusilier: An infantryman armed with a form of flintlock musket
fusilier: A soldier in any of several regiments that once fought with such weapons
fusilier: a fish in family Caesionidae, related to snappers
neckwear: Articles of clothing or jewelry which hang from the neck, such as ties or necklaces.
hollower: One who or that which hollows something.
car hire: car rental
Alabaman: Synonym of Alabamian
subdwarf: A star that is dimmer than a main sequence star of same temperature. They are located below the main sequence in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram.
subgiant: A star that has left the main sequence but has not yet become a true giant star.
ranivore: A frog-eater; a creature that eats frogs.
stacking: The act by which something is stacked.
stacking: Sport stacking.
stacking: A stacked arrangement of often aromatic molecules, adopted due to interatomic interactions.
stacking: Making claims for a single incident on multiple insurance policies.
stacking: An image processing technique to reduce noise or add special effects.
stacking: A technique for keeping a captive audience by grouping together programs with similar appeal.
rigadoon: A quickstep dance for two people.
rigadoon: The music for this dance.
rigadoon: Formerly in the French army, the beat of a drum while culprits were being marched to punishment.
theropod: Any bipedal carnivorous dinosaur, of the suborder Theropoda, from the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.
stiction: The static friction that needs to be overcome to enable relative motion of stationary objects in contact.
rurality: The state of being rural.
rurality: A rural characteristic.
domainer: An individual or company that engages in the buying, selling, marketing, monetization and publishing of Internet domain names.
outcaste: An outcast from the caste system.
outcaste: In caste-based societies, such as Indian or medieval Japan, an individual or group of people who do not belong to any officially-recognized caste.
rearrest: A second or subsequent arrest.
zip file: A computer file containing the zipped (compressed) contents of one or more files; a kind of compressed archive.
himation: A rectangular cloak of linen or wool, worn in Ancient Greece, usually over a chiton.
derilict: Misspelling of derelict.
pinecone: A seed-bearing conical fruit of a pine tree.
pinecone: The fruit of any conifer, such as pine, fir, spruce etc.
nu metal: A subgenre of heavy metal music from the 1990s and 2000s with some sounds and influences from grunge and hip-hop.
Baedeker: Any travel guide, advice for travelers, or guide pertaining to other subjects.
bad debt: A debt which cannot be recovered from the debtor, either because the debtor lacks the money to pay or because the debtor cannot be found and/or forced to pay.
repo man: A man employed by a finance company or similar lender to repossess property which is the security for a loan or subject of a lease and where payments have not been made by the borrower/lessor at agreed times (i.e. one that is in default).
resupply: The act of supplying again.
resupply: A package of materials used to replenish supplies.
deadlift: A weight training exercise where one lifts a loaded barbell off the ground from a stabilized bent-over position.
deadlift: Any lift performed without help or leverage.
deadlift: An effort made under discouraging conditions.
indentor: A person who is a representative for a foreign company, product or a person, and who gets commission or royalty on any transaction which takes place in his home country irrespective of whether the transaction has taken place out of his effort or consent.
biphobia: Antipathy towards bisexuals.
pilferer: One who pilfers.
marchese: An Italian marquis.
bulldust: Fine red dust, found in desert regions of Australia.
bulldust: Nonsense; blatantly false statements.
dairying: dairy farming
copperas: iron(II) sulfate.
copperas: obsolete sulphate compound with one of three metals, zinc, copper or iron
dampener: A device that moistens or dampens something.
dampener: A discouraging event or remark.
dactylic: a dactylic verse.
darkener: One who or that which darkens.
boomtown: Alternative form of boom town
bodywrap: Alternative spelling of body wrap
melodica: A free-reed keyboard wind instrument.
demi-god: Alternative spelling of demigod
AGA saga: Alternative letter-case form of Aga saga
dearness: The quality of having great value or price.
coaching: The process by which someone is coached or tutored; instruction.
coaching: The operation of horse-drawn coaches, especially as a business.
coaching: Relating to horse-drawn stagecoaches, also to railway carriages (or coaches).
coaching: A flogging.
coon cat: A Maine Coon
disponer: One who legally transfers his or her own property to another.
pariesis: Alternative spelling of paresis
outrider: A guide or escort, especially one who rides in advance.
outrider: One who rides out on horseback to inspect a ranch etc.
outrider: A forerunner.
outpoint: The closing portion of an edited sequence of audio or video.
playbook: A book containing the text of a play or plays.
playbook: A book of games and amusements for children.
playbook: A book of strategies (plays) for use in American football (and by extension other sports or disciplines).
playbook: A set of commonly employed tactics and strategies.
nomadism: The way of life of a nomad or nomads.
body bag: A non-porous bag designed to contain a human body, used for the storage and transport of corpses.
Aquarian: A person born under the astrological sign of Aquarius.
Aquarian: Hippie, New Ager.
flossing: The act of removing food and plaque from one's teeth using dental floss.
flossing: The use of a weighted hook that pierces the fish's mouth from the outside.
flossing: The performance of the floss dance move.
bombardo: Alternative form of bombardon
tackling: The process by which something is tackled or dealt with.
tackling: The tackle of a vessel.
tackling: The harness for drawing a carriage.
cackling: A sound that cackles.
prodding: The act of giving a prod.
dredging: That which is dredged up.
dredging: The act of using a dredger or excavator to dredge a harbour, river, channel or watercourse.
decliner: One who declines.
decliner: A company's stock which is falling in price.
miscount: An incorrect counting.
due date: The date on which a pregnant woman is expected to give birth.
due date: The date of payment in financial arrangements.
due date: The date by which a book (or other item) borrowed from a library must be returned.
due date: The date by which a task is supposed to be completed.
defogger: Something or someone that defogs.
defrayal: The act of defraying.
demurral: The act of demurring.
demurral: A formal objection.
pay dirt: Earth which contains profitable quantities of ore.
pay dirt: A profitable area or period; success.
springer: A person that springs.
springer: Anything that springs.
springer: A spring salmon.
springer: A stone at the base of an arch (from which the arch springs).
springer: A springing cow.
springer: A springer spaniel.
springer: A springbok.
Quechuan: A member of the Quechua people.
defector: One who defects.
drip-dry: A clothing item that can be washed and drip-dried.
retarder: Something which retards or slows.
retarder: A device for slowing down large trucks, lorries, buses, shunted railway wagons.
retarder: A refrigerator used to slow down proofing of yeast when making dough.
antiquer: A person who finishes furniture or objects so they have the appearance of an antique, either for decoration or to perpetrate a fraud.
antiquer: A person who browses for antiques.
air ball: A thrown ball that misses the basket, and completely fails to touch the net or supporting hoop.
air ball: Any ball-like object that widely misses its intended target when thrown.
problemo: problem
driveler: One who drivels.
bulerias: A fast flamenco dance
bulerias: The music for this dance
dropkick: An unintelligent or useless person.
dropkick: kicking where the football is dropped and kicked as it touches the ground.
dropkick: a kick made to the opponent by leaping into the air and kicking with both feet before dropping to the ground.
chicklet: A small or young chick.
chicklet: A young woman.
chicklet: Misspelling of chiclet.
coiffeur: A male hairdresser.
fattoush: A salad, from the Levant, made from toasted pitta bread with cucumber, tomato, mint etc.
drollery: Comical quality.
drollery: Amusing behavior.
drollery: Something humorous, funny or comical.
drollery: A puppet show; a comic play or entertainment; a comic picture; a caricature.
drollery: A joke; a funny story.
drollery: A small decorative image in the margin of an illuminated manuscript.
saucisse: A long and slender pipe or bag, made of cloth well pitched, or of leather, filled with powder, and used to communicate fire to mines, caissons, bomb chests, etc.
saucisse: A fascine of more than ordinary length.
playgoer: One who goes to plays; someone known to be a member of the audience at theatric productions.
severing: The act by which something is severed.
pickerel: A freshwater fish of the genus Esox.
pickerel: Walleye, A species of gamefish, Sander vitreus, native to the Northern U.S. and Canada with pale, reflective eyes.
pickerel: A wading bird, the dunlin.
dingdong: Alternative spelling of ding-dong
fan belt: Alternative form of fanbelt
prattler: One who prattles or is inclined to do so.
procerus: A roughly triangular facial muscle that arises from the fascia of the nasal bone and a cartilage in the side of the nose and inserts into the skin between the eyebrows, drawing down the medial part of the eyebrow and the skin of the forehead.
grooving: A groove; a long indentation.
sanative: A curative or restorative remedy.
kakemono: A vertical Japanese scroll painting
resoling: The act of fitting a new sole to a shoe.
revenuer: A government official who enforces laws prohibiting the illegal distillation of alcohol.
crewmate: A member of the same crew.
hearting: Material used as fill between walls of greater structural integrity, especially in masonry.
twirling: The motion of something that twirls.
coclique: a subgraph whose complement is a clique, i.e. an independent set
swerving: An unpredictable change of direction.
regality: Royalty; sovereignty; sovereign jurisdiction.
toepiece: The portion of a shoe that covers the toes.
toepiece: The forward part of a ski binding by the toe, for either water skiing or snow skiing.
trampler: One who tramples.
tunneler: One who makes tunnels.
tunneler: A device for making tunnels.
chancing: Something that happens by chance.
chancing: sexual advance with suggestive body contact
nanowire: A wire whose width is of the order of nanometers.
strobila: The jointed series of segments of the body of a tapeworm, posterior to the unjointed collum.
habenula: A circumscript mass of cells in the caudal and dorsal aspect of the dorsal thalamus.
playlist: A list of recorded songs scheduled to be played on a radio station.
playlist: A list of tracks or videos to be played in a particular sequence, as from an audio CD or a streaming service.
playlist: A list of songs, prepared for a band or musical artist, to be performed during a concert; a setlist.
sand art: Any artwork consisting mainly or wholly of sand.
elastics: A children's game in which players perform various jumping and trapping manoeuvres on long loops of elastic band stretched between two other players.
brooming: A sweeping with a broom.
usurping: usurpation
fruiting: A fruiting body.
fruiting: The act of producing fruit, seeds, or spores; fructification.
fruiting: The occurrence of FRUIT (false replies unsynchronized/uncorrelated in time).
availing: Effect in achieving a goal or aim; purpose, use
havering: Indecision, indecisive behaviour.
chucking: The holding of an object in a chuck.
psychics: psychology
knelling: The tolling of a bell.
stenting: The surgical act of placing a stent, or supporting tube, into an artery, esophagus, or other passage or conduit in the body.
stenting: An opening in a wall in a coal mine.
septuple: A set of seven.
septuple: A sevenfold measure.
shirking: The act of one who shirks.
florides: Misspelling of fluorides.
tutoring: tuition
bookends: An ace and a ten as a starting hand in Texas hold 'em.
referers: Misspelling of referrers. plural of referer
plinking: A noise that plinks.
plinking: Informal target shooting done at non-traditional targets such as tin cans, glass bottles and wood blocks.
smashers: Mashed potatoes.
McKenzie: A large Bordeaux wine bottle with the capacity of about 5 liters, equivalent to 6⅔ standard bottles.
deverbal: A word, especially a substantive, that is derived from a verb.
dumb-ass: Alternative spelling of dumbass
dumb ass: Alternative spelling of dumbass
evection: Modification of the lunar orbit due to the gravitational effects of the Sun.
anointer: One who anoints.
enquirer: Alternative form of inquirer
baby oil: A mineral oil used primarily to moisten the skin of babies after bathing.
heal-all: A small, herbaceous European plant with blue-violet flowers; Prunella vulgaris.
heal-all: A remedy for all diseases.
punition: punishment
selfheal: A small, herbaceous European plant with blue-violet flowers from any species of genus Prunella.
selfheal: A small, herbaceous European plant with blue-violet flowers from any species of genus Prunella.
selfheal: Especially, Prunella vulgaris.
smectite: Any of many clay phyllosilicate minerals that have a relatively open structure.
petaflop: Either of two units of measure of the calculating speed of a computer:
petaflop: a quadrillion (10¹⁵) floating point operations per second.
petaflop: Either of two units of measure of the calculating speed of a computer:
petaflop: 1,125,899,906,842,624 (2⁵⁰) floating point operations per second.
allopath: A practitioner of allopathy
teraflop: A unit of computing power equal to one trillion (10¹²) floating-point operations per second.
positing: The process by which one posits.
rixation: Scolding; brawling.
aboiteau: Alternative form of aboideau
rooftree: The primary beam of a roof; the ridgepole; hence, the roof itself.
rooftree: A home; a household.
oversize: The increased size of the bore of an engine when it is rebored.
overhand: The upper hand; advantage; superiority; mastery.
chapiter: Obsolete form of chapter.
chapiter: The capital or uppermost part of a column, upon which the roof and its decorations are supported.
chapiter: A written summary of matters to be inquired of or presented before justices in eyre, or justices of assize, or of the peace, in their sessions; articles.
tattooer: tattooist
carabine: A carbine.
amalgama: Archaic form of amalgam.
tapeline: A line of lightweight plastic put up around a crime scene to restrict access to the police.
tapeline: A tape measure.
tamarack: Any of several North American larches, of the genus Larix.
tamarack: The wood from such a tree.
adjutrix: A female adjutor.
peacenik: Someone who publicly opposes armed conflict in general, or a particular conflict, or who publicly opposes the proliferation of weapons.
beaching: An event in which a marine animal beaches itself.
snookums: A term of endearment, especially for a child.
gerbille: Dated form of gerbil.
thwacker: A person who strikes a resounding blow with an object.
thwacker: A club, rod, stick, etc., used to thwack.
threader: A device used to thread needles.
threader: A device used to machine a screw thread.
thrasher: One who thrashes.
thrasher: Any of several New World passerine songbirds, of the genera Toxostoma, Allenia, Margarops, Oreoscoptes and Ramphocinclus in the family Mimidae, that have a long, downward-curved beak.
thrasher: A thresher shark.
thrasher: A fan of thrash metal music.
genitory: A testicle.
genitory: The sex organs, genitals.
cucurbit: Any member of the family Cucurbitaceae of gourds.
cucurbit: A receptacle, originally gourd-shaped and used for liquids or chemicals; a bottle or other container.
pit lane: A lane adjacent (usually on the inner curve) to a racetrack where the competing teams' garages are situated.
truchman: An interpreter.
gramarye: Grammar; learning.
gramarye: Mystical learning; the occult, magic, sorcery.
scrumble: A small piece of freeform crochet or knitting that can be joined to make a larger piece of freeform work.
raptness: The characteristic of being rapt.
thickset: A thick hedge.
thickset: A stout, twilled cotton cloth; a fustian corduroy, or velveteen.
thickset: A piece of clothing made from this fabric.
ripeness: the characteristic of being ripe
cannella: cinnamon
tuberose: Any plant in genera Polianthes or Manfreda (syns. of Agave), now both in Agave subg. Manfreda.
tuberose: Any plant in genera Polianthes or Manfreda (syns. of Agave), now both in Agave subg. Manfreda.
tuberose: especially Agave amica (syn. Poliantes tuberosa), that has white flowers and grass-like leaves, used in perfumery.
mandorla: A vesica piscis-shaped aureola that surrounds the figures of Christ and the Virgin Mary, or represents God the Father (who is not traditionally depicted) in traditional Eastern Christian art.
hardener: One who, or that which, hardens.
hardener: A chemical substance added to something in order to harden it; used especially with paints, varnishes and resins.
hardball: In baseball, a type of ball and baseball game, as opposed to softball.
hardball: Tough or ruthless behavior, especially in combat, politics or business.
hatcheck: A room, in a theatre or other such venue, in which hats and other garments may be stored.
hatcheck: Rare spelling of háček.
exalitre: A unit of volume equivalent to 10¹⁸ litres. Symbol: El
spolvero: Synonym of pouncing (“type of reproduction by means of powder”)
verderer: An official in charge of a royal forest; in modern times, still extant in the New Forest and the Forest of Dean
tarabish: A trick-taking card game spread throughout the British Empire by Scottish soldiers, and still played in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia; Lebanon; and Afghanistan.
bedstone: A large, heavy, flat stone used to support a column or similar member, or as the lower stone of an oil mill.
oil mill: A factory in which vegetable oil is extracted from seeds or beans by milling
suckener: The tenant of a sucken, who under the law of thirlage had to mill his grain at the mill of his feudal lord or thirl.
tealight: A small, typically circular candle encased in a thin metal cup, so that it liquefies completely when lit and burns as a wick immersed in molten wax.
tarlatan: A thin muslin with an open weave, once used for ballgowns etc.
gynarchy: A government ruled by a woman or women.
gynarchy: Government by a woman or women.
barbican: A tower at the entrance to a castle or fortified town.
barbican: A fortress at the end of a bridge.
barbican: An opening in the wall of a fortress through which the guns are levelled; a narrow loophole through which arrows and other missiles may be shot.
barbican: A temporary wooden tower built for defensive purposes.
pondweed: Any of several plants that grow in ponds or similar aquatic conditions:
pondweed: Potamogeton, a diverse and worldwide genus
pondweed: Any of several plants that grow in ponds or similar aquatic conditions:
pondweed: Elodea, found in North America
pondweed: Any of several plants that grow in ponds or similar aquatic conditions:
pondweed: Azolla, of cosmopolitan distribution
pondweed: Any of several plants that grow in ponds or similar aquatic conditions:
pondweed: Aponogeton, in Africa, Asia and Australasia
pondweed: Any of several plants that grow in ponds or similar aquatic conditions:
pondweed: opposite-leaved pondweed, Groenlandia densa, only plant of its genus, found chiefly in the Mediterranean region.
pondweed: Charales, an order of green algae
mordente: An embellishment resembling a trill.
tarrying: The act of one who tarries; a waiting or staying behind.
trashing: The act by which something is trashed.
trashing: Dumpster diving.
trashing: A tradition of throwing food, confetti, etc. over students after their final examinations.
buckling: The act of fastening a buckle.
buckling: A folding into hills and valleys.
buckling: The action of giving in (slightly) to pressure or stress by developing a bulge, bending or kinking (with the eventual risk of collapsing).
buckling: A young male domestic goat of between one and two years.
buckling: Smoked herring.
milldust: The fine, flour-like dust produced when corn or wheat is milled
backseat: Alternative spelling of back seat.
epanodos: The repetition of a sequence of words or phrases in reverse order.
epanodos: Recapitulation of the main points in a discourse.
hay wain: A large open vehicle, drawn by horses, used to carry loads of hay; a haywagon.
fridstol: Archaic form of frithstool.
chausson: A piece of armor for the leg and/or foot, chiefly in the form of chainmail covering the thigh above the knee (with the chausse covering the other half of the leg).
chausson: A kind of slipper or sock.
chausson: A French turnover (food).
tuppenny: A coin or stamp worth two pence.
tuppenny: In the children's game of leapfrog, the head (perhaps named from a tuppenny loaf).
drypoint: A technique of intaglio printmaking similar to engraving in which an image is incised into a plate by scratching the surface with a hard, sharp metal (or diamond) point.
drypoint: The needle used in this technique.
drypoint: A print made using this technique.
indusium: A protecting membrane, especially that covering the developing spores of a fern.
stuntman: In films, someone who performs stunts that are deemed too dangerous or physically difficult for the main actors to attempt.
hockshop: A pawnshop.
millrace: Alternative form of mill race
tailrace: The part of a millrace that carries water away from a water wheel.
tailrace: The part of a hydropower facility that carries water away from a turbine.
solander: A box, in the form of a book, used for keeping botanical specimens etc; drop-spine or clamshell box
stockman: A man who raises or looks after livestock.
stockman: A person who works in a stockroom.
horn-dog: Alternative spelling of horndog
edgeware: Computer software that is noticeably cutting-edge, that is, significantly innovative, either by taking a totally new approach to a task or by creating a completely new class of application or completely new class of software.
edgeware: Pottery vessels with decorated rims.
tacksman: A person who holds a tack from another; a tenant.
tacksman: Obsolete spelling of taxman
savaging: A vicious attack or criticism.
savaging: Aggressive behavior, by a mother animal toward her offspring
helpmate: A person who supplies help or companionship.
helpmate: A wife or spouse.
helpmate: A recreational problem in chess in which both sides cooperate to achieve a specific goal.
voussoir: One of a series of wedge-shaped bricks or stones forming an arch or vault.
salvator: saviour
mortsafe: An iron frame constructed over a grave as a protection against resurrectionists
kingsman: The lowest enlisted rank in the Duke of Lancaster's Regiment of the British Army, equivalent to private in the rest of the British Army.
kingsman: Alternative form of king's man.
pendicle: An appendage; something attached to something else.
pendicle: A small property that is a subsidiary part of a larger estate; an appurtenance
eneclann: The honour price ascribed to an individual as a measure of his/her status, recorded in the early Irish Law tracts. It had to be paid for any major offence committed against an individual, e.g. murder, satire, serious injury, refusal of hospitality, theft, violation of protection, etc.
parclose: A partition that closes off part of a building; especially one that separates an altar or chapel from the rest of a church.
parclose: The lower half of a garter with the buckle.
parclose: An enclosed area, especially one separated from the main body of a building by a screen or partition.
flixweed: A tall, herbaceous flowering plant, Descurainia sophia, related to mustard
rib cage: A part of the skeleton within the thoracic area consisting of ribs, sternum and thoracic vertebrae.
rib cage: The enclosed area created by and within the ribs.
muniment: A deed, or other official document kept as proof of ownership or rights or privileges; an archived document.
muniment: Things which a person or place is equipped with; effects, furnishings, accoutrements.
muniment: Something used as a defence.
arsenite: Any oxyanion of trivalent arsenic, especially the AsO₃³⁻ anion (or protonated derivatives); any salt containing this anion, or any ester of arsenious acid
erethism: Abnormal excitement of a bodily organ or tissue.
erethism: Any unusual or morbid overexcitement.
erethism: A neurological disorder arising from mercury poisoning, leading to irritability, depression, etc.
loosebox: Alternative spelling of loose box
klansman: Alternative letter-case form of Klansman
mapmaker: A person who makes maps.
humplock: hillock
hillfort: Alternative spelling of hill-fort
headrace: The part of a millrace that brings water to the millwheel.
headrace: A time trial in the sport of rowing.
cothouse: A small cottage, especially one that was the home of a cottar.
heritour: Obsolete spelling of heritor
ostruble: A former currency of Germany and Lithuania in the 1910s and 1920s.
Formosan: An inhabitant, resident, or a person of descent from Formosa.
qindarkë: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of an Albanian lek
tristate: A variable, etc. that can take any of three distinct values.
tristate: The area in some regions of the United States where three state borders come to a single point.
pegboard: A board that has a pattern of holes into which pegs are fitted; used especially to record the score in some card games.
pegboard: A perforated form of hardboard.
dab hand: An expert; a very skilled person.
starosta: Alternative form of starost
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: Several of the genus Euthynnus resembling tuna:
skipjack: Several of the genus Euthynnus resembling tuna
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A skipjack tuna (Katsuwonus pelamis)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A common bluefish (Pomatomus saltatrix)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: An alewife (Alosa pseudoharengus)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A bonito (Sarda spp. etc.)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A butterfish
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A cutlass fish (Trichiuridae spp.)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A jurel (Caranx or Trachurus)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A leatherjacket, leatherjack (genus Oligoplites)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A runner (Elagatis pinnulatis)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A saurel (Trachurus spp.)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A saury (Scomberesocidae spp.)
skipjack: Any of several not closely related fish.
skipjack: A threadfish (Alectis spp.)
skipjack: An upstart.
skipjack: An elaterid; a click beetle.
skipjack: A shallow sailboat with a rectilinear or V-shaped cross section.
doorsill: The horizontal piece of material at the threshold of a doorway; a doorstep.
legalist: One who adheres to legalism, in its various senses.
glucemia: Alternative form of glycemia
hay ride: A leisurely ride in an open cart filled with hay throughout a scenic area.
hay ride: Any easy task.
balmoral: A Scottish cap with a flat top and a plume but no brim; a blue bonnet.
balmoral: A heavy walking shoe.
balmoral: An Oxford shoe.
balmoral: A figured woollen petticoat.
two pair: A hand which contains two pairs.
frilling: A frilled ornamentation on clothing.
pre-teen: Alternative form of preteen
clouting: The act of giving a clout, or striking somebody.
clouting: A light plain cloth used for covering butter and farmer's baskets, and for dish and pudding cloths. The same term is often given to light cloths of the nursery diaper pattern.
bronzine: A metal made to look like bronze.
tollgate: A barrier across a toll road or toll bridge that is lifted when the toll is paid
phone-in: A show requiring members of the public to telephone the studio.
phone-in: A protest in which a large number of calls are made to the target.
putterer: A person who putters
red beet: Beetroot.
doze off: A short unintentional nap, an instance of dozing off.
lip balm: A substance topically applied to the lips of the mouth to relieve chapped or dry lips, angular cheilitis or stomatitis, and cold sores.
tea shop: A shop that sells tea.
tea shop: A cafe where tea is served with light (usually sweet) foods.
bum chum: A male homosexual's partner; a male homosexual.
spinifex: Any of numerous species of grass in genus Spinifex, growing in sand dunes.
spinifex: Any of several spiny grass species of the genus Triodia, endemic to arid outback Australia.
hydronym: The name of a river, lake, sea or any other body of water.
tautness: The property of being taut.
tepidity: The property of being tepid.
Earthite: A person from planet Earth.
lynchpin: Alternative form of linchpin
dourness: The characteristic of being dour; gloominess; sternness.
Earthian: A person from planet Earth.
punditry: The state of being a pundit.
punditry: The opinion or advice of a pundit.
punditry: The behaviour of a pundit.
aguamiel: The sap of the Mexican maguey plant.
puppetry: The art of making, and performing with puppets
puppetry: The action of a puppet, or a stilted or puppet-like dramatic performance
puppetry: finery; affectation
tininess: The property of being tiny; minuteness.
totterer: One who totters.
pushcart: A small cart, normally with two or four wheels, that can be pushed by hand.
astragal: Synonym of astragalus: the bone forming the ball of the ankle joint.
astragal: A die, especially a four-sided die historically made from or in imitation of an ankle bone.
astragal: A semicircular molding separating the architrave at the top or bottom of a column.
astragal: A tool used to mold such features; similar tools used for connecting panes of glass in a window.
astragal: A circular molding near the mouth of a cannon.
astragal: A locoweed of the genus Astragalus.
astragal: A molding attached to double doors to prevent drafts.
astragal: A bracket used to fix downpipes to the wall of a building.
ped xing: Abbreviation of pedestrian crossing.
falchion: A somewhat curved, single-edged medieval sword of European origin, with the cutting edge on its convex side, whose design is reminiscent of the Persian scimitar and the Chinese dao.
falchion: A billhook.
purifier: A person or device that purifies (by removing impurities)
han-geul: Alternative spelling of Hangeul
pulpwood: Wood, usually softwood, used for pulping to make paper.
hydromel: A liquor consisting of honey diluted in water; mead prior to fermentation.
haziness: The characteristic of being hazy.
ditherer: One who dithers; one who is unable to decide; a procrastinator.
hammerer: One who hammers.
fugleman: The member of a military group who leads the way or demonstrates drill; hence, someone who keeps the beat or timing, and/or demonstrates motions in other contexts.
fugleman: A political leader, or a ringleader.
pullback: The act or result of pulling back; a withdrawal.
pullback: The act of drawing a camera back to broaden the visible scene.
pullback: Something that holds back; a drawback; a hindrance.
pullback: A reduction in the price of a financial instrument after reaching a peak
pullback: An attacking pass from the wing into a position further from the attacking goal line.
pullback: A device for making a woman's gown hang close and straight in front.
pullback: The map between cotangent bundles of manifolds corresponding to a smooth map between smooth manifolds, which at each point is the dual map to the corresponding pushforward.
pullback: The limit of a cospan: a Cartesian square or “pullback square”.
pullback: Within a Cartesian square (which has a pair of divergent morphisms and a pair of convergent morphisms) the divergent morphism which is directly opposite to a given one of the convergent morphisms, said to be “along” the convergent morphism which is between that pair of opposite morphisms. (The pullback is said to be “of” the given morphism.)
trouncer: One who trounces.
tideland: The area at the shore that is exposed to the effects of the tide.
trimness: The property of being trim.
travelog: Alternative spelling of travelogue
slap bet: A wager between two people (especially children) that involves no money, but in which the winner is allowed to slap the loser as hard as they can.
tumidity: The condition of being tumid; swollenness, distension.
traducer: One who traduces; one who maligns another by making malicious and false or defamatory statements.
teach-in: An extended session of lectures or discussions on controversial topics as a form of protest.
aguacate: avocado
trainman: A person who works on trains on a railway / railroad.
trainman: A brakeman.
tokenism: A policy of formally complying with efforts to achieve a goal by making small, token gestures; especially to hire a minimal number of ethnically diverse or disadvantaged people.
ticktock: Alternative form of tick-tock.
Armagnac: A brandy made in the region of Armagnac.
stockage: stock; a supply of goods stored for later use
trundler: A person who trundles (something or someone).
trundler: A bowler (player throwing the ball).
trundler: A bowler (player throwing the ball).
trundler: A bowler who bowls slowly; a mediocre bowler.
trundler: A device that is trundled (pushed or pulled on wheels).
trundler: Shopping cart.
trundler: A device that is trundled (pushed or pulled on wheels).
trundler: A foldable shopping bag with a light frame and wheels.
trundler: A device that is trundled (pushed or pulled on wheels).
trundler: Golf pushcart.
trundler: A device that is trundled (pushed or pulled on wheels).
trundler: A device made of a wooden stick with a wheel at the bottom, a crossbar handle at the top, and a hook in the middle, used to move pails and cans while gardening.
trundler: A device that is trundled (pushed or pulled on wheels).
trundler: A wooden-wheeled cart used for gardening.
trundler: Pea (vegetable).
monohull: A boat that has a single hull.
financer: An entity that provides financing
jugement: Obsolete spelling of judgment
prolapse: A moving out of place, especially a protrusion of an internal organ
viricide: Any substance that destroys or inactivates viruses.
viricide: The act of killing one's husband.
bloodwit: Alternative form of bloodwite
advowtry: adultery
dopiness: The characteristic of being dopey.
skulling: The act of determining the age of a young bird by measuring the degree of ossification of its skull.
drumbeat: The beating of a drum.
drumbeat: The sound of a beating drum.
drumbeat: A repetitive beating sound.
drumbeat: A driving force.
houseman: A male follower or retainer; a male domestic worker or servant.
houseman: A medical graduate gaining practical experience in a hospital; a house officer.
dearling: Alternative form of darling
trapunto: A type of quilting producing a raised surface.
skewbald: A skewbald horse.
underrun: A condition in which fewer products are delivered or produced than had been ordered.
underrun: A condition in which the read/write buffer is fed with data at a slower rate than required; a buffer underrun.
boniface: The proprietor of a hotel or restaurant; an innkeeper.
god mode: A game mode where the player character is invulnerable to damage, typically activated by entering a cheat code.
god mode: A mode of play in (mostly) roguelike games, allowing the player to create objects on demand, to be resurrected in the case of death, etc.
god mode: A temporary state of extreme skill (in a sport, video game, etc.).
aruspicy: Alternative form of haruspicy
pantsuit: A women's suit consisting of coordinated pants (trousers) and jacket
scrivano: A scribe or clerk.
rat trap: Alternative form of rattrap
slowplay: An action which represents a strong hand as weak.
Marlboro: A cigarette of the Marlboro brand.
downturn: A downward trend, or the beginnings of one; a decline.
overcall: A call which occurs after another player has already called
overcall: An additional contribution required of investors beyond the initial investment, should unforeseen expenses arise.
overcall: An extra amount called up beyond the minimum required.
overcall: An additional creative product that a producer can require at the producer's option during the contract period.
overcall: A positive diagnosis when there is, in fact, nothing wrong.
overcard: A card higher than any other card or pair. Often used in reference to the community cards in Texas hold 'em
thiefdom: The fact or practice of thieving; theft.
thiefdom: A place inhabited by thieves, or where thieves are in charge.
mandioca: manioc
boba tea: Synonym of bubble tea.
Pecheneg: A member of a specific semi-nomadic Turkic people from central Asia, some of whom migrated into eastern Europe.
scaldino: An Italian earthenware brazier.
durotomy: Incursion of the dura, especially during spinal surgery
parodist: A person who parodies.
casemate: A bombproof chamber, usually of masonry, in which cannon may be placed, to be fired through embrasures; or one capable of being used as a magazine, or for quartering troops.
casemate: A hollow molding, chiefly in cornices.
unperson: A person who has been stripped of rights, identity, or humanity.
homotopy: A continuous deformation of one continuous function or map to another.
homotopy: The relationship between two continuous functions where homotopy from one to the other is evident.
homotopy: Ellipsis of homotopy theory. (the systematic study of homotopies and their equivalence classes).
homotopy: A theory associating a system of groups with each topological space.
homotopy: A system of groups associated with a topological space.
hizzoner: Any mayor
xenotite: A mineral that is a source of rare earth metals.
hardkill: Alternative spelling of hard kill
softkill: Alternative form of soft kill
hurdling: A track and field running event where the runners have to jump over a number of hurdles.
hurdling: hurdles collectively; frames of twigs, etc. for enclosing land
xenotime: A yellow-brown mineral, yttrium phosphate (YPO₄)
orthopod: An orthopaedic surgeon
allanite: Any of a group of silicate minerals that are a source of rare earth metals.
piroshki: Alternative spelling of pirozhki
pillager: A person who pillages.
pinkness: The condition of being pink
perfumer: A person who makes or sells perfume.
perfumer: One who perfumes something.
pinprick: An insignificant puncture made by a pin or similar point.
pinprick: A mildly annoying wound or damage.
pinprick: A very tiny dot.
pot-girl: A girl who works serving customers in an inn or public house.
barrener: A barren animal, one that cannot bear young.
oxylipin: oxygenated natural products which are formed from fatty acids by pathways involving at least one step of dioxygen-dependent oxidation; many of them have physiological importance
furriner: Pronunciation spelling of foreigner.
plagiary: The crime of literary theft; plagiarism.
plagiary: A plagiarist.
plagiary: A kidnapper.
tamandua: An anteater of the genus Tamandua.
hosteler: Alternative form of hosteller
databank: A database (collection of organized information in a regular structure)
databank: An organization dedicated to maintaining a database.
clavelin: A bottle of wine containing 62 centiliters of fluid, traditionally used for vin jaune.
playgirl: The female counterpart to a playboy: a woman, specially a wealthy one, who devotes herself to a life of leisure and pleasure, often sexual, without commitments or responsibilities.
mini-mal: A type of surfboard which is similar in shape to a mal (i.e. a malibu, or longboard) but shorter, being perhaps 7 to 8 feet where a mal is about 9 feet (surfboards are always measured in feet, even in metric countries).
funboard: A type of surfboard which is roughly in between a shortboard and a mini-mal. A funboard is a little longer than a shortboard and with wider and somewhat rounded nose and tail, making it easier to paddle but still having most of the performance of a shortboard.
gold bug: A person with a particularly great enthusiasm for investing in gold (the metal).
gold bug: A person who is opposed to fiat currency and supports a return to the gold standard.
gold bug: A person who collects gold items.
playroom: A room, allocated as a children's play area, in which noisy or boisterous activities are tolerated.
playroom: A room dedicated to sadomasochistic sexual activity.
Rehoboam: A bottle of Champagne or Burgundy wine containing 4.5 liters of fluid, six times the volume of a standard bottle.
Ebenezer: A chapel or meetinghouse.
puniness: The quality of being puny
provoker: A person who provokes; a troublemaker
pureness: The quality of being pure; purity
harasser: One who harasses.
cradling: The act by which one cradles a child etc.
cradling: The act of using a cradle (the tool).
cradling: The cutting of a cask into two pieces lengthwise, to enable it to pass a narrow place, the two parts being afterwards united and rehooped.
cradling: The framework in arched or coved ceilings to which the laths are nailed.
squaring: The act or process by which something is squared (in various senses).
tangling: A tangled structure.
papering: Wallpaper.
papering: A technique of boycotting a judge by the Public Defender's Office by filing a request for a different judge in every case assigned to this judge.
pirating: The act of one who pirates; piracy.
pirating: A pirated copy of a work.
Jaredite: Any of the descendants of Jared, mentioned in the Book of Mormon (specifically, the Book of Ether).
trebling: An act of multiplying by three.
trebling: A high-pitched voice or sound.
grubbing: The act by which something is grubbed, or dug up.
chipping: A fragment broken off a larger material.
chipping: The act of breaking something into small fragments, or of removing fragments from pottery etc.
breezing: The act by which a horse is breezed, or taken on a light run.
dimpling: The formation of a dimple.
scarring: A scar; a mark.
muscatel: A muscat grape or raisin, especially one from southern Spain.
muscatel: A sweet wine made from these grapes.
derating: The act by which something is derated.
singling: Liquid collected from the wash, or fermented wort; low wine.
singling: The reduction of a railway line from double to single track.
feebling: A feeble person.
tripling: An act of multiplying by three.
fizzling: The sound of something that fizzles.
centring: Alternative form of centering
battling: A growing fat, or the process of causing to grow fat; a fattening.
battling: That which nourishes or fattens, as food, or feed for animals, or manure for soil.
wangling: The act of one who wangles.
intoning: intonation
drudging: Tiresome, thankless work; drudgery.
encasing: That which encases; an outer cover.
scribing: Something scribed; an inscription.
rebuking: The act of giving a rebuke.
defaming: defamation
stabling: A building, shed, or room for horses and cattle; a stable.
smudging: The act of something being smudged.
smudging: A stain or smear left by something being smudged.
smudging: Suffumigation.
solacing: solace
niggling: A small irritating sensation.
subduing: The act of something being subdued.
muffling: That which muffles; heavy clothing.
stumping: The act of somebody being stumped.
waggling: The act of something being waggled.
bridling: The act of one who bridles.
waddling: The act of one who waddles.
hassling: The act of one who hassles; harassment.
sledging: The act of using a sledge to travel over snow.
sledging: The act of using a sledgehammer to bend or crush an object.
sledging: The practice of a fielder making insulting or comical references to an opposition batsman with the aim of distracting him
burbling: A burble, the sounds of a burble.
stapling: The act by which something is stapled.
pouncing: The art or practice of transferring a design by means of pounce.
pouncing: Decorative perforation of cloth.
pouncing: A sudden leap, as of an animal when it pounces.
mizzling: a thick mist or fine rain
debasing: The act or process by which something is debased; a debasement.
cobbling: The work of a cobbler; shoemaking.
cobbling: The process of cobbling something together; improvised assembly.
unyoking: The removal of a yoke.
mantling: The representation of a mantle, or the drapery behind and around a coat of arms.
mantling: Cloth suitable for making mantles.
gabbling: Rapid, confused speech.
thudding: A dull banging sound; a thud.
purfling: Two or more very narrow strips of black wood enclosing a lighter-coloured strip of wood set close to the edge of the top and back of a string instrument such as a violin, cello or a guitar, following its outline, or this effect simulated with paint.
purfling: An ornament consisting of purfle.
curdling: The act by which something is curdled.
gargling: The act of one who gargles.
sluicing: The act by which something is sluiced; a copious wetting; a drenching.
sluicing: A kind of ellipsis, introduced by an interrogative, where (usually) everything except the interrogative is elided from the clause, as in "I like him, but I don't know why".
snuffing: The act by which a candle, etc. is snuffed out.
snuffing: The act of one who, or that which, snuffs or makes a low sniffing sound.
justling: A jostling.
repining: The act of fretting or feeling discontent or of murmuring.
reviling: reproach; abuse; vilification
fuddling: intoxication from alcohol
rootling: A small or miniature root; a rootlet.
rootling: a plantling just beginning to root.
nestling: A small, young bird that is still confined to the nest.
nestling: A nest; a receptacle.
nestling: The act of one who nestles.
lookbook: A comprehensive directory of fashion-related companies and people, such as fashion designers, industry figures, brands and retail stores.
lookbook: A contiguous showcase of still images of a fashion designer or fashion brand’s collection.
lookbook: A showcase of photographs etc. describing how a film should look.
scowling: The act of giving a scowl.
steadier: That which steadies something.
fretting: Action of the verb to fret.
moonshot: Alternative spelling of moon shot.
milepost: A post on a highway, often with one or more fingerposts, showing the distance in miles to nearby places
milepost: A sign or post beside a railway marking the distance from the (actual or nominal) start of a line (usually the principal terminus or junction with a more major line)
microdot: A text or photographic image that has been reduced in size to that of a typographical dot in order to escape detection by unintended recipients.
microdot: A small-sized tablet containing lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD).
sederunt: A formal meeting, especially of a judicial or ecclesiastical body.
sederunt: Those people present at such a meeting.
mill dam: A dam constructed across a river or stream to raise the water level so that it can turn a millwheel; also, the millpond so created.
laverock: Archaic form of lark (“the bird”).
milkweed: Any of several plants that have a milky sap and have pods that split to release seeds with silky tufts.
milkweed: Principally of the genus Asclepias in order Gentianales, family Apocynaceae
milkweed: Any of several plants that have a milky sap and have pods that split to release seeds with silky tufts.
milkweed: Also of the genus Calotropis in order Gentianales, family Apocynaceae
milkweed: Any of several plants that have a milky sap and have pods that split to release seeds with silky tufts.
milkweed: Euphorbia peplus and Euphorbia heterophylla, in order Malpighiales.
milkweed: A monarch butterfly (Danaus spp).
thinning: Process of removing plants or parts of plants to facilitate the growth of other plants
thinning: Wood, leaves, or other plant parts removed during the process of thinning
thinning: The action or result of reducing thickness, density, or number
monition: A caution or warning.
monition: A legal notification of something.
monition: A sign of impending danger; an omen.
mossback: Synonym of mossyback (“a person with old-fashioned views; hence, one who is very conservative or reactionary”)
mossback: A person who stayed hidden to evade conscription (especially by the Confederate States Army) during the American Civil War (1861–1865); a mossyback.
mossback: Senses relating to animals.
mossback: A turtle that, because of its age, has a growth of algae on its back
mossback: Senses relating to animals.
mossback: The common snapping turtle (Chelydra serpentina).
mossback: Senses relating to animals.
mossback: Synonym of mossyback (“a fish that is large and old, especially one that has algae growing on its back”)
mossback: Senses relating to animals.
mossback: The largemouth bass or moss bass (Micropterus salmoides).
millpond: A pond or reservoir produced by damming a river or stream in order to provide a steady source of water for a millrace.
longkang: Ditch, street drain
regrowth: That which has been regrown after removal.
regrowth: The process of regrowing.
maleness: The characteristic, state or condition of being male.
beefwood: Any of the Australian trees having timber resembling raw beef.
beefwood: The timber of those trees.
mutterer: One who mutters.
muralist: An artist who paints murals.
marbling: A mottled or streaky appearance
marbling: The process of adding such an appearance, especially as a decoration
rifleman: A soldier trained to use a rifle as their primary weapon.
rifleman: A person especially skilled in the use of a rifle.
rifleman: A small wrenlike insectivorous passerine bird endemic to New Zealand, Acanthisitta chloris, the titipounamu.
motorman: A man who controls a motor.
motorman: A person who operates a motor vehicle.
motorman: A train driver.
motorman: An electric train or tram driver.
mimicker: Synonym of mimic (noun)
minibike: A small motorcycle, rarely street-legal.
Cotswold: A sheep of a certain breed with long wool, formerly common in the English counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Worcester.
sleiveen: A dishonest person; a trickster, usually from a rural area.
master's: Clipping of master's degree.
fuckdoll: A sex doll.
fuckdoll: A woman who is seen only as a sex object.
markdown: A reduction in price in order to stimulate sales.
hip bone: One of two roughly symmetrical skeleton parts, each composed of the fused iliac, ischial and pubic bones, that together form the sides of the pelvis.
pacifico: A peaceful native in Cuba or the Philippines who did not oppose Spanish colonization.
horchata: A sweet beverage variously made with rice, chufa or morro seeds (or, historically, barley), water, sugar, and cinnamon, and sometimes with milk.
hydrogel: A colloid gel in which water is the continuous phase; they have a number of medical and industrial applications.
isophote: A contour of equal luminance in an image.
ad truck: A truck whose sole purpose is to advertise, for example by means of billboards, electronic displays, or music.
drupelet: One of the small drupe-like subdivisions which compose the outer layer of certain fruit such as blackberries or raspberries.
karateka: A practitioner of karate.
muenster: A kind of soft white cheese.
agrimony: Any of several perennial herbaceous plants, of the genus Agrimonia, that have spikes of yellow flowers.
agrimony: Any of several not closely related plants of a similar appearance.
whoopsie: Alternative form of whoopsy (in all senses)
punishee: A person undergoing punishment.
misquote: An incorrect recitation of a quote.
misquote: An incorrect recording of a quote.
muleteer: A mule driver.
federale: A federal law enforcement officer, usually belonging to the United States government.
federale: Alternative letter-case form of Federale: A member of the Mexican Federal Police.
wearying: The process of making weary.
mucotomy: A surgical procedure of excising the mucous membrane.
mid-size: A car of intermediate size.
glossing: The addition of a gloss, or explanatory note.
alienans: An alienans adjective.
unlovely: An unattractive or ugly thing or person.
signoria: lordship, especially in medieval Italian city states
inexpert: An inept or unskilled person.
tejolote: A stone pestle used in Mexican cuisine, often cylindrical in shape and used with a molcajete.
homebody: A person who prefers to remain at home, rather than participate in social events elsewhere.
dauphine: The wife of the dauphin; dauphiness.
mixology: The art of combining various ingredients to create cocktails.
mixology: The work of a disc jockey.
harlotry: The trade of a harlot; prostitution.
town car: A car having a kind of body style produced from 1908 to 1939 with an external or open-topped driver's position and an enclosed compartment for passengers.
town car: A relatively small motor car, of only moderate performance but with reasonable fuel economy, intended for use mostly in urban areas.
no limit: A style of poker game where bets and raises can be as large as the player is capable of making them.
sniffing: A sniff sound or action.
smoother: One who, or that which, smooths.
smoother: In glass-cutting, an abrading-wheel for polishing the aces of the grooves cut by another wheel.
smoother: A hand plane set to cut thin shavings, to create a polished surface.
smoother: A flatterer.
anasyrma: The gesture of lifting up the skirt or kilt to expose buttocks or genitalia.
farceuse: A female farceur
examinee: One who is examined, e.g. for medical reasons.
examinee: One who sits an examination.
feticide: The killing of a fetus or embryo; an induced abortion.
feticide: One who kills a fetus.
low five: A gesture of celebration or victory in which two people slap their hands together at waist level
misdoing: Wrongdoing.
misdoing: An act of wrongdoing; a misdeed.
muckrake: A rake for scraping up dung.
fireworm: The larva of any of several tortricid moths (family Tortricidae).
fireworm: The larva of any of several tortricid moths (family Tortricidae).
fireworm: The larva of a small tortricid moth that feeds on cranberry leaves, giving the plant a burnt look; the cranberry worm.
fireworm: The bearded fireworm, Chloeia flava, a species of polychaete, in family Amphinomidae, which may cause pain if touched.
freeroll: A poker tournament with no entry fee.
freeroll: A situation where a player is guaranteed a tie but can still win.
misshape: A misshapen person; a misshapen body.
misshape: A misshapen object; now especially, a broken item (especially food) sold individually at a cheaper price.
nosiness: The property of being nosy.
giudecca: A Jewish ghetto in an Italian city.
drop-off: A sudden downward slope.
drop-off: A sudden downward slope.
drop-off: The precipitous outer side of a coral reef, facing the open sea.
drop-off: A sudden decrease.
drop-off: A delivery; the act of leaving a package, etc.
drop-off: A space reserved outside a bus or railway station for vehicles stopping to drop off passengers for onward transit.
drop-off: A time during which passengers, such as school children, are dropped off.
drop-off: A visitor to a website who ceases to continue using and navigating around the site after reaching some specified page; or such an act of cessation.
roccella: Any of a group of lichens of genus Roccella, especially Rocella tinctoria from which litmus is extracted.
Sicanian: The language of the Sicani
panelvan: Alternative spelling of panel van
downbeat: The accented beat at the beginning of a bar (indicated by a conductor with a downward stroke).
Burmilla: A medium-sized short-hair domestic cat breed, originating in Great Britain.
Snowshoe: A domestic cat of a particular breed with a light body and darker ears, face, legs, and tail.
handhold: A projection that one may hold onto for support.
handhold: The manner in which dancers hold each other's hands during a dance.
Nebelung: A domestic cat of a particular breed with long bodies, wide-set green eyes, and long dense silky blue-gray fur.
Filipina: A female citizen or local inhabitant of the Philippines, or one descending from such.
Filipina: A female Philippine-born person of pure or majority Spanish descent.
wharfage: A dock, quay, or pier.
wharfage: Wharfs collectively.
wharfage: A fee charged for using a wharf.
Lutonian: Someone from Luton.
overgang: Something that goes across or over; a transition.
docufilm: A film or video production, presenting personal, social, political or historical subject matter in a factually accurate and informative or entertaining manner that often consists of archival footage and/or interviews supported by narration.
newsgirl: A girl who delivers newspapers.
neuritic: An individual who has neuritis.
hominess: Alternative spelling of homeyness
populist: A person who advocates populism (a movement against ruling elites who are presumed not to act in the interests of the ordinary citizen).
populist: A politician who advocates specific policies just because they are popular.
populist: A person who advocates democratic principles.
kurabiye: A cookie, particularly a sweet cookie (originally Middle Eastern, now also Turkish, Greek and Albanian), often made with almonds or hazelnuts.
wisedome: Obsolete spelling of wisdom
vibrissa: Any of the tactile whiskers on the nose of an animal such as a cat.
vibrissa: Any similar feather near the mouth of some birds.
vibrissa: The thick hairs found inside the nostrils of humans and other mammals.
kumazemi: A cicada, Cryptotympana facialis, from subtropical eastern Asia, that makes a particularly loud noise
grievand: One who is the object of a formal grievance.
grievant: One who submits a grievance.
Christen: Obsolete form of Christian.
knapweed: Any of various common weeds of the genus Centaurea
knapweed: Any of various common weeds of the genus Centaurea
knapweed: especially Centaurea nigra.
shearing: The act or operation of clipping with shears or a shearing machine, as the wool from sheep, or the nap from cloth.
shearing: The material cut off in this way.
shearing: Deformation by forces acting in opposite directions.
shearing: Alternative form of shearling.
shearing: The act or operation of reaping.
shearing: The act or operation of dividing with shears.
shearing: The process of preparing shear steel; tilting.
shearing: The process of making a vertical side cutting in working into a face of coal.
butthurt: Upset caused by a perceived insult or injustice.
cat tree: A structure of platforms and scratching posts designed for a cat to play on
cat tree: A euonymus
sea-star: A star used for navigation or guidance at sea.
teraphim: An idol or other image of reverence and divination among the ancient Hebrews; apparently especially a kind of household god.
velatura: A translucent whitish glaze in painting.
preditor: In the entertainment industry, a person fulfilling the duties of both producer and editor (and sometimes also writer).
preditor: Misspelling of predator.
couching: The act of one who couches.
couching: An early, largely obsolete, method of treating a cataract by using a sharp object to displace the opaque lens in the eye.
couching: The act of one who couches.
couching: Embroidering by laying the materials upon the surface of the foundation, instead of drawing them through.
couching: The act of one who couches.
egg wash: Egg (yolk and/or white) mixed with a little milk; brushed on pastry before baking to give a glazed appearance.
tote bag: A large handbag or holdall.
passager: A bird in its first year.
nonfatal: An incident not causing death; a nonfatality.
eka-lead: Synonym of flerovium
houseful: as many as a house will hold
eka-gold: roentgenium
hyracoid: An animal of the order Hyracoidea, i.e. a hyrax.
puerpera: A woman undergoing puerperium; a woman whose uterus is still enlarged from pregnancy.
puerpera: A woman who has recently given birth.
houseboy: A young male domestic servant, especially in a British colony in former times.
houseboy: A non-white adult male domestic servant.
spiccato: A manner of playing a stringed instrument such that the bow is bounced off the strings after each note.
reliving: The act by which something is relived.
drooling: The act of one who drools.
six foot: the area between the closest rails of two parallel standard gauge railway lines, regardless of the actual distance.
wheezing: The quality or symptom of breathing with an audible wheeze
Zamojski: A kind of hard yellow cheese from Poland.
pandeiro: A type of hand-held frame drum with a round wooden frame and six pairs of metal discs fit along the sides, and an animal skin or nylon head; similar to a tambourine but with head tension that can be tuned and crisper, drier, and less sustained jingles, used in a number of Brazilian music forms.
pandeiro: A square double skinned frame drum, often with a bell inside, used in medieval Spanish/Moorish music.
lemonary: A sheltered room in which lemon plants are housed (in pots) during cold weather.
sparring: The act of one who spars.
rampancy: The state of being rampant.
rake-off: A percentage of an amount of money taken by a third-party as a bribe, as part of an unlawful enterprise, or as a commission from the pot of a casino game.
specchia: A megalithic pile of stones found in the Salento region of Italy.
reburial: The act of reburying; a second or subsequent burial.
Bradshaw: A former railway guide and timetable published by George Bradshaw. Publication ceased in May 1961.
algerine: A type of loosely woven cloth in stripes of bright colors, used for scarves, shawls and similar.
ostracum: A fragment of pottery.
ostracum: The middle layer of a molluscan shell.
sea mark: Alternative spelling of seamark
realness: The state of being real; reality.
Ligurian: A native or inhabitant of Liguria.
creäture: Alternative spelling of creature
seaquake: A hydrostatic pressure disturbance caused by an earthquake or volcano in the seabed.
corsetry: Alternative form of corsetery.
corsetry: The collective noticeable portion of a corset.
Ausbruch: A kind of very sweet wine, produced especially in Austria, Germany, and Hungary, historically usually made from or with the juice that runs out of grapes without any pressing, and now often made from botrytized grapes (those infected with noble rot).
asperges: A Christian rite in which the congregation is sprinkled with water.
asperges: The brush or instrument used in sprinkling holy water; an aspergill.
inkiness: The condition of or an instance of being inky.
intermix: An intermixture; the product of mixing together
injector: One who, or that which, injects something.
injector: One who injects (himself or herself with) psychoactive drugs.
injector: One who, or that which, injects something.
injector: Any of various devices that are used to inject something, as:
injector: An apparatus by which a stream of water is forced into a steam boiler.
injector: One who, or that which, injects something.
injector: Any of various devices that are used to inject something, as:
injector: Any of the one or more devices in a fuel injection system that create the spray of fuel.
injector: An object that realizes a dependency injection.
seed pit: A single seed in the center of a cherry, peach, plum, olive, avocado or other fruit.
maidhood: The state, condition, or quality of a maid; maidenhood; virginity.
monkhood: The state of being a monk.
monkhood: Monks collectively.
fuelling: Britain standard spelling of fueling.
trinomen: A scientific name at the rank of subspecies: an expansion of a binomial name (a genus and a species) combined with the name of the subspecies; for example Anopheles gigas formosus or Homo sapiens sapiens.
barrique: A barrel or cask of varying capacity, very roughly 200 litres.
plumbite: The PbO₂²⁻ oxyanion or hydrated forms; any salt containing this anion
houseboi: A domestic manservant, particularly colonial.
iced tea: Cold tea, a beverage.
iced tea: Sweetened iced tea, flavoured with lemon.
iced tea: A serving of cold tea.
merogamy: Merogony.
cheesery: A bakery, cooking house, plant or other factory that specializes in making cheese.
ski pole: A slender stick used by skiers in both hands to improve speed and balance.
diacetyl: Two acetyl groups in a compound
diacetyl: Synonym of butanedione
malvasia: A variety of grape, originally from the region of the Aegean, now used to make malmsey wine.
nebbiolo: Alternative letter-case form of Nebbiolo.
wise-ass: Alternative spelling of wiseass
Num Lock: A key on a standard extended keyboard which, when pressed, toggles the keys of the numeric keypad between cursor control functions and numeric digits.
crackles: rales
snubbing: The act by which someone is snubbed; a rebuke.
nettling: A process, resembling splicing, by which two ropes are joined so as to form one rope.
nettling: The process of tying together the ends of yarns in pairs, to prevent tangling.
nettling: The process of stinging somebody with nettles.
shanking: A stabbing with a shank (improvised weapon).
plonking: A noise that plonks.
cloaking: The act of wrapping or covering with a cloak.
cloaking: The material from which cloaks are made.
reasoner: One who reasons.
exorphin: Any compound, formed outside of the brain, that interacts with opiate receptors; especially any of a range of peptides, formed during the metabolism of gluten, that are thought to disrupt brain function in autistic children.
helicoid: A minimal surface in the form of a flattened helix
ferritin: Any of a family of iron-carrying globular protein complexes consisting of 24 protein subunits.
blotting: A blot; a stain.
blotting: The process by which something is blotted.
recliner: One who, or that which, reclines.
recliner: A chair hinged so that the back can be reclined for comfort.
rockstar: A member of a rock band, or a solo artist in the genre, especially one with celebrity status.
rockstar: A person who is renowned or revered in his or her field of accomplishment.
rockstar: Any animal, plant, or other thing that is renowned amongst others of its type.
patching: The act of one who patches.
plastics: Plastic surgery, especially as a profession.
secretin: A peptide hormone, secreted by the duodenum, that serves to regulate its acidity
reuptake: A second or subsequent uptake.
reuptake: Specifically, the reabsorption of a neurotransmitter by a neuron after the transmission of a neural impulse across a synapse.
biennale: A biennial celebration or exhibition
dirtying: A soiling or making dirty.
tarbrush: A brush used for applying tar
incisura: a notch or indent
Twenty20: A fast form of cricket in which each side bats for just twenty overs.
overpair: A pocket pair of a higher rank than the community cards on the board.
underbet: a bet which is smaller than standard for a given situation
nystatin: An antifungal drug that is derived from a soil actinomycete (Streptomyces noursei) used especially against Candida.
togemans: A coat.
volitive: A verb form found in certain languages which indicates that a certain action is willed, although it may not be performed in fact.
volitive: A specific volitive form of a verb.
sparking: The act of producing a spark.
moralism: The act or practice of moralizing (making moral reflections or judging the morality of others).
moralism: A maxim or saying believed by the speaker to embody a moral truth; an instance of moralizing.
moralism: Religious practice that focuses on morality while placing little emphasis on doctrine or the metaphysical; adherence to a system of morality with little or no reference to religion.
epyllion: A "little epic".
epyllion: A brief narrative poem with a romantic or mythological theme.
fanatism: excessive intolerance of opposing views
rent boy: A male prostitute, typically young and gay.
hautbois: Any of a family of organ stops that contain reeds.
hautbois: Any of the (now obsolete) predecessors of the oboe or cor anglais.
verifier: Agent noun of verify: someone or something that verifies.
verifier: A device used to verify that a punched card had been punched correctly.
democide: murder of people by a government which has power over them.
shot-gun: Alternative spelling of shotgun
alpinist: A mountain climber, especially in the European Alps or in ranges of similar ruggedness and elevation.
alpinist: A downhill skier who practises the sport on high mountains.
alpinist: Synonym of alpine skier
chugging: The sound of something that chugs.
seducing: seduction
stunting: The act of performing stunts or ostentatiously showing off
stunting: Stunted growth, often caused by chronic malnutrition.
ash tree: A tree of the genus Fraxinus, with compound leaves and a tough, flexible wood.
manuring: An application of manure.
line-out: a set piece where a player throws the ball into play, and both teams can contest for possession.
line-out: an out produced by catching a line drive
buzkashi: A team sport originating in Central Asia, where the players, all on horseback, try to place an animal carcass into a goal.
boosting: The act or process by which something is boosted.
colorway: Any of the schemes of two or more colors in which a design is available. It is often used to describe variegated or ombre (shades of one color) print yarns, fabric, or thread. It can also be applied to apparel, to wallpaper and other interior design motifs, and to specifications for printed materials such as magazines or newspapers.
gnashing: The action of something that is gnashed.
sullying: The process by which something is sullied or made dirty.
daimonic: The unrest that exists in us all which forces us into the unknown, leading to self-destruction and/or self-discovery.
daimonic: The journey and transition from innocence to experience; part of the process of individuation.
daimonic: The place where light and dark meet.
arethusa: A bog orchid, Arethusa bulbosa, sole species of the genus Arethusa, having a magenta flower; the dragon's mouth.
pot luck: Alternative form of potluck
oldtimer: An elderly person.
oldtimer: A veteran.
oldtimer: A vintage car.
barriada: A shanty town or slum in any of several Peruvian cities
sex life: That part of a person's life that is directly concerned with sexual activity.
cubozoan: Any cnidarian of the class Cubozoa, including the cubomedusae; a box jellyfish.
tail-end: Alternative form of tail end
Yanomamo: A member of an Indian people of Venezuela and Brazil.
baulking: Alternative form of balking
persimon: Dated form of persimmon.
permille: A part or other object per thousand.
toxology: Archery; or more broadly, the study of projectiles and trajectories.
toxology: Misspelling of toxicology.
exametre: 10¹⁸ metres.
knee pad: A protective garment worn on a knee to protect it from injury, for example due to a blow or a fall.
proavian: Any of several extinct animals proposed as an evolutionary link between fossil reptiles and fossil birds; a protobird.
tablemat: Alternative form of table mat
pastilla: A Moroccan meat pie, usually of pigeon.
stat dec: Abbreviation of statutory declaration.
maltitol: a disaccharide polyol used as a sugar substitute, produced through the hydrogenation of maltose.
borrasca: A mine that is no longer producing profitably.
permuter: One who permutes.
profiler: A mechanical device that cuts complex, irregular shapes by tracing a pattern.
profiler: A person who creates a profile for something or someone, especially a psychological profile for an unknown criminal.
profiler: A software program that measures the performance of different portions of another program in order to locate bottlenecks.
proturan: Any of many primitive insects, of the order Protura, that lack eyes and wings.
penitant: Obsolete spelling of penitent
psammoma: A brain tumour containing concretions resembling grains of sand
lexigram: A symbol that represents a word but is not necessarily indicative of the object referenced by the word, used in studies of communication.
proviant: provisions, especially for an army
literato: singular of literati
slashing: The action of something that slashes.
slashing: slash (woody debris)
egg roll: A food made made by wrapping a combination of chopped vegetables, possibly meat, and sometimes noodles, in a sheet of dough, dipping the dough in egg or an egg wash, then deep frying it.
egg roll: In many Asian countries and among their emigrants, an egg-based, flute-shaped pastry, with typically yellowish, flaky crust, often eaten as a sweet snack or dessert; a crispy biscuit roll.
egg roll: An African snack resembling a Scotch egg.
egg roll: An instance of the egg rolling tradition.
oxindole: A bicyclic aromatic heterocycle containing a benzene ring fused with five-membered cyclic amide
oxindole: Any derivative of this compound
demining: The process of removing and neutralizing mines.
Puebloan: A Pueblo Indian
saketini: A cocktail resembling a martini but made with saké
pulegone: A monoterpenoid ketone, found in pennyroyal, that is toxic to dogs and cats
samplist: A person who makes music by use of sampling
anthemic: A song that is suggestive of an anthem.
pulmonic: A medicine for treating a lung disease.
pulmonic: A person affected by a lung disease.
pteropod: Any of free-swimming pelagic sea snails and sea slugs, of the suborder Thecosomata, that have winglike lobes on the feet; a sea butterfly.
serotype: A group of microorganisms characterised by a specific set of antigens.
centenar: During the Hundred Years' War, a commander of one hundred infantry.
typicity: The characteristic quality of a wine that makes it typical of a particular region or grape variety
slugging: A blow or blows with the fist; a beating.
slugging: The act of hitting a ball hard; slogging.
slugging: The practice of smothering one's face with vaseline in order to moisturize it.
slogging: An act or an instance of slogging or working laboriously.
slogging: A beating or thrashing.
hopanoid: Any of a class of pentacyclic compounds, somewhat similar to steroids, that have various functions in prokaryotes
robotrip: A trip (drug experience) of this kind.
hobbling: gerund of hobble: the movement of one who hobbles.
geognosy: The geological study of the Earth's structure and composition.
scoffing: The act of one who scoffs; derision; mockery.
crooning: The act of creating a croon.
scenting: The act or process by which something is scented.
duelling: Alternative spelling of dueling
relaunch: The act or fact of launching again.
clanking: A noise that clanks.
ravaging: The act by which something is ravaged.
postnoun: a particle which follows a noun.
Triple-O: Alternative form of triple O
nonvoter: Someone who does not, or is not eligible to, vote.
prentice: An apprentice.
Melchior: A very large wine bottle (named after the King) with the capacity of about 18 liters, equivalent to 24 standard bottles.
triple O: A one-on-one.
equalism: Synonym of egalitarianism
equalism: The policy or practice of treating all things equally.
equalism: The idea that emerging technologies will put an end to social stratification.
boongary: A tree kangaroo of northern Queensland.
trooping: The act of marching in a troop.
lunching: The act of eating lunch.
abatjour: A skylight or other device whose purpose is to direct light into a room.
hurtling: The act of something being hurtled or thrown.
riddling: Material removed by riddling, or sieving.
riddling: The posing or solving of a riddle.
throw in: Alternative form of throw-in
spurting: The act of something that spurts.
spurring: An application of the spurs to a horse.
larcener: One who commits larceny, a thief.
bee-line: Alternative spelling of beeline
zoosperm: One of the spermatic particles; spermatozoid, spermatozoon.
Tuskegee: An unethical experiment on humans.
Tuskegee: One of the Tuskegee Airmen.
eohippus: An extinct early Eocene mammal, Hyracotherium leporinum, ancestral to the modern horse.
zolpidem: A sedative and hypnotic drug administered orally in the form of its tartrate (C₁₉H₂₁N₃O)₂·C₄H₆O₆ in the short-term treatment of insomnia. It is marketed under the trademark Ambien, Stilnox.
drag bit: A drill bit usually designed for use in soft formation, such as sand clay, or some soft rock. Uses include drilling water wells, that consists of a drill pipe connector attached to blades on the end. The cutting edge of the drag bit is often tungsten carbide.
gritting: The act by which something is gritted.
gospodar: Alternative form of hospodar
subquery: A query embedded within a more extensive query, relating only to the data returned by the parent query.
curation: The act of curating, of organizing and maintaining a collection of artworks or artifacts.
curation: The act of curing or healing.
curation: The manual updating of information in a database.
rickrack: A zigzag trim sewn to clothes for decoration.
landskip: Obsolete form of landscape.
moresome: A sexual act involving more than three people, or a group of individuals involved in such an act.
cameleer: Camel driver or camel rider, one who travels by camel.
piriform: Alternative form of pyriform.
betalain: A class of red and yellow indole-derived water-soluble pigments found in beets and other plants of the Caryophyllales and used commercially as coloring agents.
rightist: One who believes in the politics or policies of the political right.
rightist: One who supports the rights of a specified group.
drip tip: An elongated leaf tip from which excess water can drip off harmlessly, as found in plants of the rainforest.
drip tip: An elongated extension to the wall of a structure, such that unwanted water drips off, as found in the nests of some species of rainforest paper wasps.
drip tip: An attachment for an e-cigarette that drips e-liquid directly onto the atomizer.
skinning: The act of removing the skin, as for example from animals killed for meat, hides, and furs.
packsack: A backpack, knapsack, rucksack or similar bag packed with provisions or personal items, especially as carried by a traveller or a hiker, and often slung over the shoulder.
vividity: Synonym of vividness
vividity: A vivid thing.
unifying: unification
pomology: The study of pome fruit and of the cultivation of such fruit.
pomology: The study of fruit in general and of the cultivation of fruit.
pomology: A work or treatise written on this subject.
suchness: Existence per se.
outdoing: The act by which one person outdoes another.
platting: plaited strips of bark, cane, straw, etc., used for making hats or the like.
plaiting: plaited material
slatting: An arrangement of slats.
slatting: The violent shaking or flapping of anything hanging loose in the wind, as of a sail when being hauled down.
sickling: The deformation of red blood cells into an abnormal crescent shape.
plashing: A sound that plashes, as of water.
plashing: The cutting or bending and intertwining the branches of small trees, as in hedges.
plashing: The dashing or sprinkling of colouring matter on the walls of buildings, to imitate granite, etc.
knobbing: A pattern of knobs or lumps.
knobbing: A session of penetrative sexual intercourse.
unlading: The removal of cargo from a vessel.
repaving: The process of replacing paving.
diazepam: A tranquilizing muscle relaxant drug (trademark Valium) used chiefly to relieve anxiety.
muddying: The process of making something muddy or obscure.
rehoming: The process of finding a new home for somebody.
rehiring: The act of hiring somebody again.
rezoning: the act, process or result of being rezoned
resowing: A second or subsequent sowing.
miscuing: An instance of something being miscued; a miscue.
guggling: A glugging or gurgling sound.
blagging: gerund of blag
blagging: The use of deception, guile, or persuasion to obtain something; (countable) an instance of this; a blag.
blagging: gerund of blag
blagging: Robbery; (countable) an instance of this.
bandpass: A bandpass filter
downlink: The transmission of a signal from a satellite to a receiving station on earth; or the means of this transmission.
downlink: Transmission of data from a network, usually wireless, to the user.
subtonic: The note immediately below the upper note of a musical scale.
subtonic: An imperfectly articulated sound or utterance, as characterized by Dr. James Rush (Guide to Pronunciation, 1833).
farnesyl: The univalent radical derived from farnesol.
geekette: A female geek.
bratstvo: A union of Eastern Orthodox citizens or lay brothers affiliated with individual churches in cities throughout the Ruthenian part of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
cadances: Misspelling of cadences.
trashman: Someone whose job it is to collect refuse from people's homes and take it to be processed.
Veronese: a person from Verona
myomancy: Divination by interpreting rats or mice. Their cries were believed to indicate the presence of evil.
genogram: A pictorial representation of a patient's family tree together with details of the medical history of each person
oxidiser: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of oxidizer.
dirigist: Alternative form of dirigiste
infamita: A most heinous act against one's own family, or against family life in general.
danewort: A European dwarf version of the elder, Sambucus ebulus, that has a bad smell
copybook: A student's exercise book containing samples of good handwriting to be copied.
copybook: A notebook containing blank, often lined, pages for writing answers.
copybook: A series of instructions or data definitions copied into multiple programs from a shared library; boilerplate.
solanine: A poisonous glycoalkaloid found in many species of the nightshade family Solanaceae, including potato and tomato.
notching: A notched mark or pattern.
notching: A method of joining framing-timbers, by halving, scarfing, or caulking.
inspirer: Someone who inspires.
somatype: somatotype
fugacity: A measure of the tendency of a fluid to expand or escape.
fugacity: A measure of the relative stability of different phases of a substance under the same conditions.
fugacity: Transience.
inflaton: A proposed particle that would have been responsible for inflation in the very early universe.
repdigit: A number composed only of one or more occurrences of one specific digit and no other digit.
codebook: A book, table, database, or other object that stores the mapping between plaintext words or phrases and their equivalents in a code.
codebook: A lookup table.
rightism: Belief in, or support of, the principles of the political right.
rightism: An act or statement supporting the political right.
incisure: A notch or indent.
incisure: A cut or incision.
Urheimat: Alternative letter-case form of urheimat.
hepatoma: A cancer originating in the liver.
unionism: The support of advocacy of a union, especially of a trade union.
unionism: Support for the North (the Union) during the American Civil War.
unionism: Support for the continuance of the United Kingdom (especially with respect to Northern Ireland).
unbibium: The systematic element name for the (as yet undiscovered) chemical element with atomic number 122 (symbol Ubb).
interfix: A morph inserted between two morphemes in the process of word formation, such as the empty morphs English -i- and -o-.
interfix: A transfix.
interfix: An association link, a device to group multiple words or concepts.
unionist: An advocate or supporter of unionism (in any sense).
unionist: A trade unionist.
Armalite: Any of several assault rifles originally made in the USA from the late 1950s.
tilework: The arrangement of tiles on a surface.
repairer: A person who repairs things.
sandflea: Any insect of the species or genus of flying, biting, blood-sucking dipteran encountered in sandy areas.
sandflea: One of the Talitridae family of marine amphipod crustaceans.
crabbing: The act or art of catching crabs.
crabbing: The fighting of hawks with each other.
crabbing: A process of scouring cloth between rolls in a machine.
flopping: The motion of something that flops.
ammoniac: Alternative form of ammoniacum
supercee: Faster-than-light travelling speed.
cracknel: A hard, crisp or crunchy cake or biscuit.
cracknel: Crackling (fried pork fat).
octopole: A multipole configuration with eight equal charges arranged in a circular pattern.
octopole: Any configuration or analysis having eightfold symmetry.
soft key: A button, located along a display device, which performs whatever function is shown near it on the display.
bad beat: The losing of a hand after being the mathematical favorite to win at the start of the hand.
lichgate: Alternative spelling of lych-gate
sanskara: The imprints left on the mind by past experiences (often in past lives) that then condition future responses and behavior
mitosome: An organelle found within certain unicellular eukaryotes which lack mitochondria.
faggotry: The stereotypical behaviours of a faggot (male homosexual) or homosexuality in general.
faggotry: Contemptible actions in general.
forfeits: A game in which forfeits are demanded.
stockist: A retailer or distributor who has stocks of a certain type of item for sale.
Demerara: A type of natural, unrefined or partially refined cane sugar, which is light brown in colour, particularly used in pastries and biscuits like shortbread.
Demerara: A dark rum, made in Guyana using molasses and this sugar, mainly used for blending.
love tap: Alternative spelling of lovetap
old moon: The phase of the moon when it is waning.
old moon: The moon when it is waning.
sapidity: The property of being sapid; tastiness.
countrie: Obsolete spelling of country
quitline: A helpline offering advanced treatment for addiction and behavior change.
refiling: The act of filing (a legal case, etc.) again.
dichloro: Two chlorine atoms in a molecule.
line out: an audio jack that produces an unamplified signal
line out: Alternative form of lineout
line out: Alternative form of line-out
helpline: A telephone service (or (by extension) one using email, SMS, or the Web) which offers help to those who call, as either a public emergency service or customer service.
sackbutt: Alternative spelling of sackbut
parrying: The act of one who parries.
metering: The act of using a meter for measurement.
metering: The process of marking a stamp with a meter.
metering: The marking itself; franking.
wet dock: A dock that has a constant level of water in which a vessel floats despite the tide; usually achieved by separating the dock from the sea by a lock.
perching: The act of something that perches.
perching: Inspection of cloth before finishing.
test bed: Alternative form of testbed
pickling: An instance of processing something in brine or in vinegar.
pickling: A process by which the oxide scale on steel (especially stainless steels) or other metallic objects is chemically removed by strong acids.
fayalite: Yellow, olive green, brown or black mineral with orthorhombic crystals of the olivine group, Fe₂SiO₄.
pipettor: A pipette.
pipettor: An automated device for pipetting.
man-boob: Alternative spelling of man boob
buttplug: Alternative form of butt plug
knee-pad: Alternative form of knee pad
man boob: One of a pair of large or womanly breasts on a man caused by pectoral fat, or sometimes a hormonal condition such as gynecomastia.
pot-luck: Alternative form of potluck
proforma: Alternative spelling of pro forma
allogamy: The fertilization of an ovum from one individual with the spermatozoa of another; cross-fertilization
overline: Synonym of overbar
tattling: The speech of one who tattles.
mousepox: A skin disease of mice, similar to smallpox, caused by the poxvirus species Ectromelia virus.
poxvirus: Any of a group of DNA viruses, of the family Poxviridae, that cause pox diseases in vertebrates
misusage: Improper usage (especially of words).
misusage: Abuse; improper handling or treatment.
sea star: A starfish (class Asteroidea).
sawtooth: A tooth of a saw: any of its series of projections, each with a cutting edge.
sawtooth: A sawtooth wave.
sawtooth: Any of various pierid butterflies of the genus Prioneris.
sawtooth: A pattern whose living cell population reaches new peaks infinitely many times before dropping to a fixed value after each peak.
disfavor: Alternative form of disfavour
hawaiite: An olivine basalt intermediate between alkali olivine and mugearite.
hawaiite: A gem variety of olivine peridot.
cattleya: Any plant of the genus Cattleya, a species of orchid.
Nintendo: A Nintendo Entertainment System, or other video game system made by Nintendo.
Nintendo: Any video game console, especially by those not familiar with video games.
ferroics: The study of ferromagnetism, ferroelectricity, ferroelasticity and ferrotoroidicity
polycomb: A protein (or one of a larger group) whose function is to modify gene expression via changes to chromatin
jatropha: Any of several plants, of the genus Jatropha, native to the Northern Hemisphere; some have medicinal attributes and others are grown as a source of biodiesel.
filmstar: Alternative spelling of film star
saraphan: Dated form of sarafan.
dropback: Alternative spelling of drop-back
eyeshade: A type of headgear for shielding the eyes from glaring light, usually consisting of a visor and a headband, more popular among indoor workers in the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries than today.
eyeshade: A cosmetic product which may be applied to the upper eyelid and to the area near the eye to change skin coloration.
brainist: Someone who values the brain and its power.
brainist: One who believes cognition and sentience are purely a matter of physical brain functions.
brainist: One who creates music by re-experiencing emotions while attached to an EEG cap.
eunuchry: The state of being a eunuch.
sick day: A paid personal day intended to be used due to illness either for recuperation or medical treatment.
lungworm: Any of the diverse species of nematode worms that are parasitic to mammalian lungs, principally found in the superfamilies Metastrongylidae and Trichostrongyloidea in order Strongylida.
fruitfly: Alternative spelling of fruit fly
apomyxis: Alternative spelling of apomixis
footlong: A hot dog or submarine sandwich measuring a foot in length.
helicase: An enzyme required for DNA unwinding.
collider: Any of several forms of particle accelerator in which two opposing beams of particles collide.
collider: A node in a causal graph that has at least two incoming edges.
collider: A model of the shape of an object for purposes of collision detection.
wildland: land that is unfit for, or has not been modified by, cultivation or other human activity; a natural area.
estancia: A large rural estate in Latin America; a kind of ranch.
evenfall: dusk, twilight
dot bomb: A failed dot-com company.
Infobahn: The information superhighway.
checkbox: A space on a paper form that can be optionally filled with a check mark.
checkbox: An on-screen box that can be optionally filled with a check mark, to enable or disable a setting.
pelerine: A woman's tippet or cape with long ends coming down in front.
calabaza: A burr gherkin.
flicking: The act by which something is flicked.
Cavachon: A breed of dog that is a cross between a Bichon Frisé and a Cavalier King Charles spaniel.
fretless: A stringed instrument without frets on the fingerboard.
assaying: A trial by assay.
agerasia: An outward appearance more youthful than one's true age.
aduncity: Crookedness, curvaceousness, hookedness.
zumology: Alternative spelling of zymology
ablepsia: Lack of sight; blindness.
antigene: An oligonucleotide that attaches to a specific gene and suppresses its action.
air-drop: Alternative spelling of airdrop
Finglish: A variant of Finnish language that is spoken by the descendants of Finnish immigrants to North America, the vocabulary of which is heavily influenced by English. It is far from being a uniform language, mainly exists in spoken form, and seems bound to disappear.
Finglish: A way of speaking Finnish using English-language terminology excessively. It is particularly common among those professions which are in close contact with the English-speaking world such as IT-professionals, marketing people and managers of global firms.
Finglish: English spoken with a heavy Finnish accent and using Finnish linguistic structures, Finnish broken English.
basophil: Any cell that has granules stained by basic stains.
basophil: A white blood cell responsible for inflammatory reactions during immune response.
basophil: Any cell that has granules stained by basic stains.
basophil: One of the endocrine basophilic cells of the adenohypophysis, including gonadotrophs and thyrotrophs.
augurate: The position or office of an augur.
hayfield: A field of hay.
accessit: An honorable mention in an academic contest.
accessit: A vote in the election of a pope.
berretta: Archaic form of biretta.
knothole: In a piece of lumber, a void left by a knot in the wood; such holes are often convenient for peering through when they occur in fences.
knothole: Youth league baseball.
stirring: An occasion on which something stirs or is stirred
gibbsite: A mineral with monoclinic crystals, usually white but can have different colors, Al(OH)₃.
nonwhite: A person who is not white.
tartuffe: A religious hypocrite.
afterwit: Wisdom which comes after the event.
afterwit: The lack of forethought.
afterwit: A good comeback, retort one thinks of only after the end of discussion or after leaving a social gathering.
picklock: A device designed to pick locks.
picklock: One who picks locks; a thief.
levirate: A marriage between a widow and her deceased husband's brother or, sometimes, heir.
levirate: The institution of levirate marriage.
reexport: export of a (recently) imported good (often not or hardly reworked)
nanohole: A hole of nanoscale dimensions; but especially one of an array of such holes on a semiconductor surface.
dalesman: A person from the Yorkshire Dales, or sometimes a person from Lakeland.
Salafism: A movement comparing itself to Sunni Islam, claiming to taking the pious ancestors, the salaf of the patristic period of early Islam, as exemplary models.
zoolatry: The worship of animals.
hustling: Act of one who hustles.
birdlife: The birds (e.g. of an area) collectively.
enrollee: A person who is enrolled, as in a school.
blinkard: One with bad eyes.
blinkard: A dim-witted or stupid person; an idiot.
shunpike: A side road or route.
capriped: A goat-footed person; a satyr.
pick off: An instance of throwing out a batter leading off base.
aerinite: A blue mineral with monoclinic crystals, Ca₄(Al,Fe³⁺,Mg, Fe²⁺)₁₀Si₁₂O₃₅(OH)₁₂CO₃·12H₂O, made of clay and sometimes used as pigment.
autunite: A yellow mineral with tetragonal crystals, Ca(UO₂)₂(PO₄)₂·10-12H₂O.
bestower: One who bestows.
turlough: A temporary lake in an area of limestone, filled by rising groundwater during the rainy winter season.
bunching: An arrangement of items in a bunch.
bunching: An occurrence of things in a bunch.
bunching: The illegitimate supplying of laboratory animals that are actually kidnapped pets or illegally trapped strays.
sardines: A children's game in which the players hide together, lying side by side.
upspring: An upstart.
upspring: A spring or leap into the air.
upspring: origin
Ægyptian: Obsolete spelling of Egyptian
usurance: The act of usury
abrasure: Abrasion, abrading.
diamonte: A diamante poem.
tonelada: A traditional Spanish unit of mass, equivalent to about 920 kg.
tonelada: A traditional Portuguese unit of mass, equivalent to about 793 kg.
rifampin: US form of rifampicin.
surbahar: A bass sitar.
pentimal: The abstract numeral system underlying any pentimal numeral system; quinary.
pentimal: A numeral as written in such a system; a quinary.
sugilite: A mineral with hexagonal crystals, often pink or purple but can have different colors, KNa₂(Fe²⁺,Mn²⁺,Al)₂Li₃Si₁₂O₃₀.
nonunion: Lack of union; failure to become united.
nonunion: The failure of a broken bone to heal
shorties: Short socks.
antvireo: Any of eight species of birds in the genus Dysithamnus.
impactor: Any of several machines or devices in which a part impacts on another, or on a material.
impactor: An object which impacts another.
recouper: One who, or that which, recoups; a legal action to recoup.
Goodwife: A title of respect for a woman
goodwife: A female head of a household.
goodwife: A title of respect for a woman.
bibliome: The complete set of biological journal articles and associated information.
clunking: A sound that clunks.
functome: The complete set of functional molecular units in biological cells.
hair dye: Any of various materials used to dye hair on the head.
termbase: A database of terminology, usually in a multilingual format.
shinobue: A type of transverse flute from Japan that makes a high-pitched sound.
New Wave: Any of several movements in music and film which are or were considered cutting edge.
macropsy: macropsia
vacinity: Misspelling of vicinity.
oomycete: Any of a number of filamentous unicellular protists of the class Oomycetes; the water molds.
bollworm: The larvae of any of various species of moth that are pests to cotton.
preprint: A preliminary form of an academic paper that has not yet been published in a journal.
call-out: Alternative spelling of callout
call-out: Alternative spelling of call out
pace car: A car that other cars drive behind before a race starts.
pace car: A car that paces the race cars to keep them running at a slower pace due to race conditions, and which the other cars cannot pass.
officina: A monetary office that issues coins.
quadrate: A plane surface with four equal sides and four right angles; a square; hence, figuratively, anything having the outline of a square.
quadrate: An aspect of the heavenly bodies in which they are distant from each other 90°, or the quarter of a circle; quartile.
quadrate: The quadrate bone.
X factor: An unknown or hard-to-define influence; a factor with unknown or unforeseeable consequences.
X factor: A special talent, ability or quality or its indefinable cause.
X factor: Prothrombinase, also called factor X.
X factor: The proportionality constant which converts CO emission line brightness to molecular hydrogen mass.
she-goat: A female goat.
zoophile: A person sexually attracted to non-human animals.
zoophile: A person who in their ethical propositions puts animals on a level with humans.
doncella: A fish of Florida and the West Indies (Halichoeres radiatus).
doncella: A ladyfish (Bodianus rufus) of the same region.
twelvemo: duodecimo, or 12mo, a paper size, so called because it is cut 12 to a (huge, originally made) sheet
twelvemo: a page, book etc. of that size
lawcourt: Alternative form of law court
fac brat: A child of a faculty member at a high school, university, or college.
nonhuman: A creature or thing that is not human.
japonica: Any of several plants originally native to Japan.
japonica: A species of camellia, Camellia japonica.
japonica: Any of several plants originally native to Japan.
japonica: A subspecies of the rice Oryza sativa.
rim lock: A lock and plate fixed to the surface of a door rather than morticed within the door.
valvelet: A small valve.
X-factor: Alternative spelling of X factor
x-factor: Alternative spelling of X factor
x factor: Alternative spelling of X factor
soakaway: A deep hole used for drainage, where rainwater and other wastewater drains directly into the ground, without connection to any mains drainage or sewerage pipes.
Japonica: A species of camellia (Camellia japonica), a native flower of Japan, bearing beautiful red or white flowers.
serenate: Obsolete form of serenade.
cue mark: A visual indicator, placed in an upper corner of a frame of a motion picture, to signal the projectionist to change reels
squaloid: Any dogfish (family Squalidae).
rewiring: A new wiring
rewiring: A new configuration of neurons in the brain.
edit war: A dispute over the content of a page on a wiki or other editable work where opposing editors continually change the page without discussion.
overspin: An excessive amount of spin applied to a projectile such that its nose does not turn down at the summit of the trajectory.
overspin: A rotational motion, especially that given to a ball, in which the upper surface spins in the direction of motion; topspin;top.
serenata: A type of baroque cantata performed outdoors, in the evening, with mixed vocal and instrumental forces
neopagan: Alternative spelling of neo-pagan
new wave: An alternative and broad pop and rock music genre that existed during the late 1970s and the early to mid-1980s, incorporating punk sensibilities and/or other forms of music, but made with more accessibility.
nameling: Any of a group of people sharing the same name
slapshot: Alternative spelling of slap shot
leaching: The process by which something is leached.
leaching: Liquid that leaches.
Arizonan: A native or resident of the state of Arizona in the United States of America.
vacivity: Emptiness; vacancy.
pyramide: Obsolete form of pyramid.
Kartveli: Georgian
Nabatean: Alternative form of Nabataean
base gas: A gas like ammonia that has basic properties.
caracter: Obsolete form of character.
stir bar: A short magnetic bar with a covering of, usually, Teflon; used with a magnetic stirrer in laboratory work to stir a chemical solution.
spherule: A small sphere.
plancher: A floor made of wood.
plancher: A plank.
plancher: The underside of a cornice; a soffit.
scatolia: The act of smearing faeces.
promotor: A full professor of a Dutch, Flemish, South African, or German university who acts as the principal supervisor of a student's doctoral research.
promotor: A material that accelerates the action of a catalyst.
stun gun: A weapon intended to immobilize, usually through delivery of an electric shock.
pony keg: A container for beer holding 7.75 US gallons, equal to half the size of a standard beer keg.
pony keg: A drive-through liquor store; by extension, any convenience store.
teinture: colour; tinge; tincture
fishnets: Pairs or a pair of stockings made of fishnet fabric.
locavore: One who tries to eat only locally grown foods.
pachanga: A lively style of Cuban music, a mixture of son montuno and merengue.
inconnue: Alternative form of inconnu (fish)
pavillon: Archaic form of pavilion.
pilsener: Alternative form of pilsner
uricemia: The presence of uric acid in the blood
barbacoa: Meat slow-cooked over an open fire, characteristic of Latin American cuisine.
nonesuch: A person or thing with no equal.
nonesuch: Silene chalcedonica (syn. Lychnis chalcedonica)
Semitics: The study of the Semitic languages, cultures and peoples.
preorder: An order for goods or services placed in advance.
preorder: A binary relation that is reflexive and transitive.
bakemeat: Any baked product (such as a pie)
homebrew: A beer brewed by enthusiasts rather than commercially.
homebrew: Anything created by enthusiasts rather than commercial entities (especially video games or amateur radio equipment).
homebrew: A player who plays for the team named after their own native town.
vajayjay: Alternative form of va-jay-jay
berthing: The planking outside of a vessel, above the sheer strake.
berthing: An instance of a ship being brought to be berthed, to rest at some docking facility.
berthing: A berth, especially figuratively, a place to sleep.
meristic: A quantitative property of a fish, as studied in meristics.
quarrion: A cockatiel, Nymphicus hollandicus.
end zone: The area between the end line and goal line bounded by the sidelines, bordered on all sides by a white line indicating its beginning and end points; it is 10 yards long.
end zone: Same as above, but is 20 yards long.
end zone: the portion of the rink behind the goal line.
Galatian: A person from Galatia.
Galatian: A member of an ancient Celtic tribe from Galatia (now part of Turkey)
mamacita: A babe, a hottie (sexually attractive woman).
boxberry: A teaberry bush (Gaultheria procumbens).
teaberry: A berry which is the fruit of a small shrub native to northeastern North America, Gaultheria procumbens (eastern teaberry, American wintergreen, boxberry, checkerberry).
teaberry: A pinkish-white edible berry which grows in the Falkland Islands, where the fruits are harvested annually by Islanders to make cakes, confectionary and pavlovas. On the South American mainland the leaves are brewed for tea (Myrteola nummularia).
Bactrian: A native or inhabitant of Bactria.
Hebraism: A characteristic trait of the Hebrew language. By extension it is sometimes applied to the Jewish people or their faith, national ideology, or culture.
Hebraism: Excessive use of expressions derived from Hebrew.
geofence: A virtual perimeter around a geographic area, typically enforced by monitoring the positions of trackable mobile devices inside or outside the area, and determining if they cross the "fence".
turnsole: A heliotrope; so named because its flowers are supposed to turn toward the sun.
turnsole: A sunflower.
turnsole: A sun spurge (Euphorbia helioscopia).
turnsole: The euphorbiaceous plant Chrozophora tinctoria.
turnsole: A purple dye obtained from Chrozophora tinctoria.
turnsole: litmus
sublimer: A device for heating a substance to yield a sublimate.
apastron: The point of greatest separation between a celestial object and the star which it orbits.
merengue: A type of music common in the Caribbean, originally associated with the Dominican Republic.
merengue: A song performed in this style.
merengue: A dance to this style of music.
mesolect: A variety of speech that is midway between the acrolect and the basilect.
blagueur: A joker (person who makes jokes).
branchia: A gill or other organ having the same function
suicider: One who commits suicide.
suicider: One who is planning to commit suicide.
mouchard: An undercover investigator; a police spy, especially in a French-speaking country.
mouchard: An inverted compass hanging above the captain's bed
gemsbuck: Alternative form of gemsbok
jarosite: A mineral with rhombohedral crystals, KFe₃³⁺(SO₄)₂(OH)₆.
patchery: Hypocrisy; trickery.
patchery: That which is thrown or sown together usually clumsily or with different color and textures, like patchwork.
patchery: Living quarters for married soldiers.
carriole: Alternative spelling of cariole
excusion: Misspelling of excursion.
excusion: Misspelling of exclusion.
multiset: A generalized type of set in which multiple occurrences of an element are permitted.
Savagnin: A variety of white wine grape with green-skinned berries grown mostly in the Jura region of France, where it makes the famous vin jaune and vin de paille.
burnouse: Alternative spelling of burnoose
geophagy: The practice of eating earthy substances such as clay and chalk, often thought to augment a mineral-deficient diet.
pentanol: Any of several isomers of the alcohol C₅H₁₁OH; the principal constituents of fusel oil.
megacosm: A macrocosm.
underfur: The thick, soft undercoat of some mammals, especially those that spend time in the water
underbid: A bid that is lower than another.
underlip: The lower lip.
cornicle: A little horn.
cornicle: one of a pair of small upright backward-pointing tubes found on the dorsal side of the 5th or 6th abdominal segments of aphids
cornloft: A loft for corn; a granary.
chirurgy: surgery.
scaphism: A form of execution, among the ancient Persians, in which the victim is fastened into a hollow boat, force-fed and slathered in honey and milk and exposed to insects until the victim's death.
chewable: Anything that is chewable; anything that is able to be chewed.
chewable: Anything that is chewable; anything that is able to be chewed.
chewable: A medicine supplied in a form that can be chewed.
autotypy: An early photographic process that produced autotypes using a carbon pigment.
autotype: A copy or facsimile.
autotype: An early form of photograph produced using autotypy.
autotype: A function that completes the typing of a field using a prediction based upon the characters entered so far.
kia quen: A form of torture, among the ancient Chinese, in which planks of wood squeeze or hit the victim's feet.
lateener: A ship with a lateen rig.
Old Maid: A children's card game, sometimes played with a special deck, where the object of the game is for each player to find matches for all the cards in his hand, without being stuck with the single unmatchable card.
Old Maid: The unmatchable card itself.
clathrin: A fibrous protein that forms a polyhedral coat on the surface of the coated pits and vesicles of cells during endocytosis.
old maid: An old woman who has never married; a spinster.
old maid: The Madagascar periwinkle.
old maid: The common zinnia.
old maid: An unpopped kernel in a batch of popped popcorn kernels.
old maid: A card game in which cards must be paired and one undesirable card is designated "old maid".
old maid: The unmatchable card in that game.
crapload: A large amount, especially of something worthless.
pivoting: A motion by which something pivots.
pivoting: The pivot-work in a machine.
dysbulia: Weakness of volition or willpower.
vocology: The science and practice of voice habilitation.
exameter: US spelling of exametre
prefetch: The operation of loading data or instructions in anticipation of their need.
apikoros: A Jewish skeptic or apostate.
cyprinid: Any fish of this family.
bonemeal: Alternative spelling of bone meal
timewarp: Alternative spelling of time warp
run-away: Alternative spelling of runaway
wolffish: Any fish of the family Anarhichadidae.
coal tit: One of the smallest birds of the tit family Paridae (Periparus ater), with a black cap, white nape patch and greyish body with buff underparts.
coal tit: Periparus ater melanolophus, the similar black-crested tit.
chipyard: A storage area for sawdust and small pieces of wood at a sawmill.
fat cell: A cell of the body whose primary function is to store fat.
cussword: Alternative form of cuss word
fire axe: A special type of axe used by firefighters, typically featuring a pick-shaped pointed poll (area of the head opposite the cutting edge) and in a vivid color to make it easily visible during an emergency.
cajoling: the act of one who cajoles
Herschel: A heptomino shaped like the lowercase letter h, critical as a methuselah.
head tax: A tax determined as a uniform, fixed amount per individual; a poll tax.
poll tax: A tax determined as a uniform, fixed amount per individual.
poll tax: A tax that must be paid in order to vote.
tit wank: Alternative form of titwank
megibyte: Misspelling of mebibyte.
fivesome: A group of five people or things.
fivesome: An orgy (group sex) consisting of five people.
smatchet: A small, nasty or insignificant person.
smatchet: A large fighting knife.
mascotte: Archaic form of mascot. (bringer of good luck)
crumcake: Alternative form of krumkake
krumkake: A Norwegian cookie invented by emigrants to America, prepared as a rolled-up cone, sometimes with a filling.
telicity: The property of a verb or verb phrase that presents an action or event as being complete in some sense.
helicity: The quality of being helical.
helicity: Any of certain measures of the extent to which vortex lines (in fluid flow) or field lines (in a magnetic or electromagnetic field) kink and twist and/or link and coil around one another.
helicity: The quantized spin component of a moving particle along the direction of its motion.
ångström: Alternative form of angstrom
wood ear: An edible fungus in the genus Auricularia, shaped like an ear and growing on wood.
gin fizz: A cocktail made from gin, lemon juice, sugar, and fizzy water.
eye bolt: Alternative form of eyebolt
townhome: A townhouse or row house.
Sudanian: A Sudanese person.
opopanax: A gum resin obtained from the root of Opopanax chironium, formerly used in medicine.
opopanax: A perfume made from the gum resin of various trees.
opopanax: The popinac or opopanax tree (Acacia farnesiana, syn. Vachellia farnesiana), an acacia of America.
deadfall: Coarse woody debris; deadwood.
deadfall: Coarse woody debris; deadwood.
deadfall: A fallen tree.
deadfall: A kind of trap for animals, consisting of a heavy board or log that falls on to the prey.
deadfall: A cheap, rough bar or saloon.
oil lamp: A simple vessel used to produce light continuously for a period of time from a liquid fuel source.
polynoid: Any of these organisms.
man talk: A discussion between male colleagues seen as inappropriate for female ears. Often involves dirty jokes and discussions about sports.
muscimol: A hallucinogenic alkaloid present in the fly agaric and other related fungi; 3-hydroxy-5-aminomethylisoxazole.
scrutore: Obsolete form of escritoire.
achiness: The property of being achy.
skuggery: Alternative form of scuggery
toloache: The annual plant Datura inoxia.
toloache: A psychoactive, hallucinogenic preparation made from the plant.
lampyrid: Any member of the family Lampyridae; a firefly or lightning bug
posttest: A test given after an event or experience.
diphenol: Any compound that has two phenol groups; especially the isomeric benzenediols (catechol, resorcinol and hydroquinone).
snowtime: The time of year when the weather is snowy.
slotting: allocation to a slot
connexin: Any of a class of transmembrane proteins that assemble to form gap junctions in vertebrates.
brisling: A sprat (small herring), especially Sprattus sprattus.
warcraft: The art or skill of conducting a war.
warcraft: A warship.
pourable: Any substance that can be poured.
twilling: Twilled fabric or patterning, or the process which produces this.
cadherin: Any of a class of transmembrane proteins important in maintaining tissue structure.
adjuring: adjuration
frizzies: Unkempt curly hair, especially of women.
bronzing: The process of giving something the appearance of bronze.
bronzing: Late-season damage to citrus fruit caused by rust mites.
bronzing: The process of coating items with bronze.
toddling: The unsteady walking of a child.
tastebud: Any of the small organs on the tongue used for tasting.
nucleone: Dated spelling of nucleon.
mooching: An idle stroll.
mornynge: Obsolete spelling of morning
bad joke: A situation that is badly planned, or illogical.
detoxing: Synonym of detox (“detoxification, especially of the body from drugs”)
propping: The act by which something is propped.
caroling: A singing of carols.
reveling: A revel.
pedaling: The set of pedal movements to be performed when playing a piano or organ.
saddling: The act of placing a saddle on an animal.
surviver: Dated form of survivor.
quizzing: The act by which somebody is quizzed, or teased; banter, raillery.
quizzing: The asking of questions; interrogation.
doodling: Something doodled; a careless sketch.
timeslot: A conventionally defined time interval in a schedule.
ditching: A deliberate crash landing on the sea or other body of water.
haberlea: Any plant of the genus Haberlea, perennials native to Bulgaria and Greece.
incliner: One who, or that which, inclines, especially an inclined dial.
prepping: The action or process of preparing something, or preparing for something.
prepping: The practice of making active preparations for a possible catastrophic disaster or emergency, typically by stockpiling food, ammunition, and other supplies.
waltzing: gerund of waltz: the motion of one who waltzes.
mailroom: A room used for receiving and (usually) sending mail.
slumming: A period of associating with people or engaging in activities with a status below one's own.
stomping: The act of one who stomps.
divalent: Any divalent substance.
swapping: The act by which something is swapped; an exchange.
hogreeve: A civil officer charged with the duty of impounding hogs running at large.
peddling: The act of one who peddles.
grissino: A narrow breadstick in Italian cuisine.
weirding: The process of becoming weird.
absurdum: An illogical conclusion or state.
funhouse: A structure, usually at a circus or amusement park, enclosing several interactive attractions such as distorting mirrors, ramps, slides, stairs, rotating barrel slides, etc., that usually do not involve performers.
guzzling: greedy eating or drinking
strummer: One who strums a stringed musical instrument.
trashcan: Alternative form of trash can
rheotome: Any instrument that interrupts an electric current.
slurping: A sound or motion that slurps.
plugging: The act of stopping with a plug.
plugging: The material of which a plug or stopper is made.
plugging: An arrangement of plugs.
cramming: The act by which something is crammed, or stuffed full.
cramming: An intensive course of hard study, as for an examination.
shushing: The act of making a shush sound to silence somebody.
lambchop: A chop or rib of lamb.
lambchop: A term of endearment.
lobbying: The act of one who lobbies.
polyanth: polyanthus
proofing: A step in creating yeast breads and baked goods, during which the yeast is allowed to leaven the dough.
budburst: The emergence of new leaves on a plant at the beginning of each growing season
baseload: The minimum load on a power station over a standard period.
gasifier: An apparatus used to perform gasification.
quintale: Alternative form of quintal, particularly in Italian contexts.
Northman: Synonym of Norse
seruante: Obsolete spelling of servant
holocube: A cube-shaped device that shows or stores holographic pictures.
docodont: Any of several extinct mammals of the order Docodonta.
rhonchus: A dry rattling sound heard during breathing, due to deposits in the bronchial tubes.
agnostid: A trilobite of the order Agnostida.
scabland: High, flat land of igneous rock, with thin soil and deep channels formed by glaciers or glacial floods.
nanoring: A ring of crystalline material having a diameter measured on the nanoscale.
fireward: A fire chief.
fireward: A fireman.
gasolene: Alternative spelling of gasoline
glutting: The act by which something is glutted; a satiation.
crusting: Encrusted material.
shriving: The hearing of a confession of sins.
scatting: scat singing
supposer: One who supposes.
kneading: The process by which something is kneaded.
higgling: haggling
unmaking: The act by which something is unmade.
banneton: A type of basket used to provide structure for breads during proofing.
tarhonya: A kind of egg-based pasta in the shape of small balls.
logmaker: A device that creates 'logs' out of burnable waste; the device encases the burnable waste within a newspaper wrapping by the use of a special tube and plunger.
logmaker: One who cuts trees at a tree farm and prepares logs for further processing; lumberman.
stopword: Alternative spelling of stop word
apophyte: Any native plant growing in disturbed land, such as in an abandoned field
almanack: Archaic spelling of almanac.
aqualung: A piece of equipment consisting of an oxygen tank and breathing apparatus used by divers to allow them to breathe underwater.
ant bear: aardvark (Orycteropus afer)
ant bear: giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla)
unreason: Lack of reason or rationality; unreasonableness; irrationality.
unreason: Nonsense; folly; absurdity.
aliasing: Distortion caused by a low sampling rate, such as a moiré effect or jaggies.
acceptee: A person who accepts, or is accepted for, a position
archmage: A very powerful mage.
go-devil: A gadget or unspecified device, as used in various industries.
go-devil: A weight which is dropped into a bore, as of an oil well, to explode a cartridge previously lowered.
go-devil: A gadget or unspecified device, as used in various industries.
go-devil: A device, such as a loosely fitted plug, which is driven through a pipe by the pressure of the contents behind the plug to clear away obstructions.
go-devil: A gadget or unspecified device, as used in various industries.
go-devil: A rough sled or dray used for dragging or hauling loads.
go-devil: A gadget or unspecified device, as used in various industries.
gibanica: A traditional dish from the Balkans made from filo pastry and white cheese.
octonion: An 8-dimensional nonassociative extension of a quaternion with a real part and 7 imaginary parts (each a real multiple of a distinct square root of −1).
gatekeep: A gatekeeper.
apathist: One who has no feeling towards anything, or more specifically religion.
grognard: An old soldier.
grognard: A soldier of the original imperial guard that was created by Napoleon I in 1804 and that made the final French charge at Waterloo.
grognard: Someone who enjoys playing older war games or roleplaying games, or older versions of such games, when newer ones are available.
grognard: A soldier or enthusiast in attention to detail for rules and regulations. Respected as an expert in things most people don’t care about.
beetling: The process by which fabrics, etc. are beetled, or beaten with a mallet.
fixigena: The "fixed cheek" cephalic shell surrounding glabella inside of facial sutures.
autotest: A motor race, especially one that takes place off-road
depleter: Any substance that causes depletion of something
motoring: The act of driving a car.
widebody: An airliner capable of seating seven or more passengers in a single row of economy seating, with two aisles or more.
widebody: A player with a wide or heavyset body.
widebody: A tennis racket having a thick (although not necessarily wide) frame, increasing the racket's stiffness.
cabrales: A moderately hard blue cheese, from Spain, made from goat or sheep milk
sex tape: A video recording of a sex act, especially one starring a celebrity.
raoellid: Any of a group of extinct hoofed mammals of the family †Raoellidae from Eocene India, thought to be ancestors of the whales.
handspan: The distance between the outstretched tips of the little finger and thumb when used as a unit of measurement.
gearhead: A mechanical device used to increase the torque of gears.
gearhead: An enthusiast for new technology, or for motoring.
pyrosome: Any of several pelagic colonial tunicates, of the genus Pyrosoma, found in tropical waters.
pyribole: Any mineral of either the pyroxene or amphibole groups.
pyoderma: An infection of the skin by pyogenic bacteria.
quadplex: A building divided into four separate residences or commercial premises
Alhambra: A solitaire card game played with two decks.
carhouse: A garage attached to a house.
carhouse: A storage depot for streetcars.
alarmism: The raising of needless alarms.
advancer: One who advances or puts forward.
advancer: The overcaller's partner, especially one who bids following the overcall.
advancer: A second branch of a buck's antler.
camp bed: A lightweight portable bed used by the military, campers, etc.
bloating: A bloated condition; distention.
divorcer: The person or cause that produces or effects a divorce.
psyllium: Any of several plants of the subgenus Plantago subg. Psyllium, whose seeds are used commercially for the production of mucilage and their laxative properties.
psyllium: Synonym of psyllium (seed) husk, especially as a dietary supplement
quinzhee: A shelter made by hollowing out a pile of snow.
achromat: A lens that imparts little color; a lens that is achromatic.
achromat: A person whose color blindness prevents them from seeing any color whatsoever.
quilombo: A fortified residence or encampment in Angola, or the military power associated with it.
quilombo: A remote settlement in inland Brazil originally founded by fugitive slaves or their descendants.
sunbaker: One who sunbakes, a sunbather.
sly-boot: Alternative spelling of slyboots
deadness: The state of not being alive. Having the property of lifelessness, as if dead.
deadness: A lack of elasticity.
deadness: A lack of sparkle in a fizzy drink.
deadness: A lack of animation in a person.
slyboots: A person who is clever or shrewd, especially one who is stealthy, manipulative, and rather charming.
lip lock: Alternative form of liplock
lip lock: Long kiss
lip lock: Alternative form of liplock
lip lock: Technique for hooking a fish
lip-lock: Alternative spelling of liplock
lip-lock: Long kiss
lip-lock: Alternative spelling of liplock
lip-lock: Technique for hooking a fish
vacciner: One who administers vaccines.
softnose: A bullet of this kind.
Sandland: Collectively, the Middle East and North Africa.
nakhlite: Any achondrite composed of an aggregate of diopside and olivine; thought to originate from Mars
ureilite: An achondrite composed mostly of olivine and clinobronzite with some diamond or graphite.
amygdale: An almond-shaped inclusion in igneous rock or lava
amygdale: Misconstruction of amygdala
frostnip: The first stage of frostbite.
dogwatch: Aboard a ship, either of the two short two-hour watches that take place between 4 p.m. and 8 p.m.
dogwatch: A night shift, or other very late or early period of duty.
dogwatch: A very brief period of naval service.
kingdome: Obsolete spelling of kingdom
emperour: Obsolete spelling of emperor
compasse: Obsolete spelling of compass
blossome: Obsolete spelling of blossom
adiposis: A condition marked by the accumulation of adipose (fatty) tissue.
purparty: A share, part, or portion of an estate allotted to a coparcener.
highbrow: A cultured or learned person or thing.
fog lamp: A bright red lamp (normally one of a pair) at the rear of a motor car that can be switched on during foggy weather so as to avoid collisions from cars approaching from behind
weregild: Alternative spelling of wergeld.
voyaging: Act of travelling or going on a voyage.
scuddick: Something of little or no importance; a whit or jot.
essaying: An attempt; a try.
haroseth: A paste made of fruits and nuts eaten at Passover, representing the mortar mixed by the Israelites during their slavery in Egypt.
bughouse: A flea-infested hotel, lodging-house etc.
bughouse: A prison.
bughouse: A hospital, especially a lunatic asylum.
bughouse: A cheap and dirty cinema.
tarboosh: A red felt or cloth cap with a tassel, worn in the Arab world; a fez.
aerolith: A meteorite.
piss-ant: Alternative spelling of pissant
piss ant: A wood ant (from the smell of its nest), or an ant belonging to one of various other minor species.
piss ant: Alternative spelling of pissant
rec room: Clipping of recreation room.
Polabian: A Polabian Slav; one of a number of Lechite tribes who lived along the Elbe river in what is now eastern Germany.
rebutter: One who drives back or repulses
rebutter: One who makes a rebuttal.
rebutter: A rebuttal; the answer of a defendant in matter of fact to a plaintiff's surrejoinder.
fine art: An exact skill that needs practice to perfect.
fine art: singular of fine arts
soy milk: A milky liquid made from soy beans and used as a beverage, cooking ingredient or substitute for dairy milk.
soy milk: An individual serving of such a beverage.
flat cap: A man's cap made from wool, tweed, or other soft material. It has a small peak and fits snugly on the head.
flat cap: Cap paper, not folded.
sky girl: A female flight attendant.
Swissess: A Swiss woman or girl.
dipteran: An insect of the large order Diptera; a fly.
alchymie: Obsolete form of alchemy.
bevering: Trembling; shaking; quivering.
ambusher: One who ambushes.
textonym: Any of a set of words that share the same numeric combination as another when typed using a mobile phone that uses predictive text
Eurocent: One hundredth of a euro.
Eurocent: One hundredth of a Eurodollar.
apophony: Modification of an internal vowel sound in a word or linguistic root, especially so as to establish a lexical distinction.
semsemia: A six- or seven-stringed Egyptian harp.
midplane: A plane that passes through the middle of something, especially through the middle of the body
sternman: A person who sits at the stern or rear of a boat.
spin ice: Any crystalline material in which the behavior of the magnetic moments is analogous to the behavior of the protons in water ice.
J stroke: A paddling technique used by the sternman of a canoe that starts with a stroke perpendicular to the boat and ends with a hook behind the back of the boat. This forms a letter "J" when paddling on the right side of the boat. The technique is used to overcome the tendency of the boat to turn when paddling on one side and keep the boat going straight in the water.
Latinism: Any word or phrase borrowed from Latin, or suggestive of Latin.
allotter: One who allots
allottee: The person to whom an allotment is allotted.
tailwhip: A trick in which the body of the bike is revolved around the steering column axis going through the handlebar.
benihana: An aerial trick where one hand grabs the tail of the board, and the back foot is released from the board.
kickflip: An ollie where the board is rotated 360 degrees along its axis.
shove-it: A trick where the board is rotated 180 degrees under the rider's feet.
stellate: Ellipsis of stellate cell..
soucoupe: A type of small submarine designed to hold two people.
cecidium: A gall produced on a plant by infection from insects etc
trekking: Walking in the countryside for pleasure or sport, usually for a longer period of time than for hiking.
wildling: A wild, i.e. not cultivated, plant
wildling: A wild animal
ruffiano: A ruffian.
septagon: A polygon with seven sides and seven angles.
sloe gin: A dark red liqueur made from sloe berries.
demesman: A member of the same deme; a member of the same township in Attica in Greece of the Classical period.
punisher: One who punishes.
muzzling: The act of placing a muzzle on an animal.
allotype: A designated paratype of a species (or lower-order taxon) that is the opposite sex of the holotype.
allotype: A genetically determined variant of the amino acid sequence of a protein.
allotype: An immunoglobulin allotype; the allele of the antibody chains found in an individual.
lindworm: A wingless serpentine dragon having two arms.
lindworm: A draconic creature, similar to a wyvern.
bretelle: braces; suspenders (to hold up trousers)
wheelset: A wheel and axle combination, such as the front and back bicycle wheels (with axles) sold as a ready-made set; or an axle and mounted left and right pair of railroad wheels.
pappadom: Uncommon spelling of papadam.
pyridone: Either of two isomeric derivatives of pyridine having a carbonyl group either ortho- or para- to the nitrogen atom; in its tautomeric form, it is the pyridine analogue of phenol.
glomalin: A glycoprotein found in soil, important in the storage of carbon
arraying: The act of clothing or adorning.
affusion: The pouring of liquid, especially as a hydrotherapy.
affusion: A method of Christian baptism in which water is poured on the head of the person being baptized.
affirmer: One who affirms.
despiser: One who despises.
sleigher: One who rides or drives a sleigh.
outlawry: A declaration that an individual cannot benefit from the protection of law in a jurisdiction.
outlawry: The state of being an outlaw; lawlessness.
ecophagy: The consuming of ecosystems by nanotechnology that has gone awry.
Elginism: Cultural vandalism.
Elginism: Assembly of artifacts from other countries in imperial capitals.
subtaxon: One of the elements within a taxon.
affrayer: One involved in an affray.
Berliner: A native or inhabitant of Berlin.
Berliner: A doughnut (donut) with a sweet filling.
Berliner: A newspaper format with pages normally measuring about 315 by 470 millimetres (12.4 in × 18.5 inches), slightly taller and wider than a tabloid but narrower and shorter than a broadsheet.
wetnurse: Alternative spelling of wet nurse
brancher: That which shoots forth branches; one who shows growth in various directions.
brancher: That which branches, or jumps to another instruction location within a program.
brancher: A young owl or other raptor that is just too young to fly.
cineaste: Alternative spelling of cineast
diatryma: A big-beaked prehistoric bird in the genus Gastornis, larger than the ostrich, believed to have become extinct 15- to 25-million years ago due to a vast climate change.
Scythian: An inhabitant of Scythia, an ill-defined region centered in southern Russia.
pianiste: A female pianist.
splaying: A shape or motion that splays.
AS Level: Alternative spelling of AS-level
morepork: The Tasmanian spotted owl (Ninox novaeseelandiae), a small brown owl indigenous to New Zealand and Tasmania.
morepork: Used as a mild term of abuse.
morepork: A foolish person; also, a person who is wearisome.
morepork: Used as a mild term of abuse.
morepork: A person who is lazy or slow; a slowcoach, a slowpoke.
algicide: A substance that kills, or inhibits the growth of, algae.
annulate: One of the Annulata.
annealer: A device or process that anneals.
annealer: The operator of such a device or process.
swarming: The motion of a swarm.
swarming: A crime where an unsuspecting innocent bystander is attacked by several culprits at once, with no known motive.
aquarist: A person who maintains an aquarium.
Guinness: A serving of the beverage.
duellist: alternative spelling of duelist
crueltie: Obsolete spelling of cruelty
toymaker: A craftsman who makes toys.
sublevel: An intermediate level between others in a mine
sublevel: A subshell
sublevel: A level making up part of a larger level.
longshot: Alternative spelling of long shot.
trephine: A surgical instrument with a cylindrical blade used to remove a circular section of tissue, f.e. bone or cornea; a trepan.
Reformer: Alternative letter-case form of reformer (“one involved in the Reformation”)
Reformer: A member of the Reform movement in 19th-century Canada.
Reformer: A member of the Reform Party of Canada, which existed from 1987 to 2000.
trimotor: An aircraft with three piston motors.
menu bar: A rectangular region of a graphical user interface where computer menus are housed.
Pampango: A native or inhabitant of Pampanga.
trussing: The timbers, etc., that form a truss.
trussing: The art of stiffening or bracing a set of timbers, etc., by putting in struts, ties, etc., until it has something of the character of a truss.
trussing: The act of a hawk or other bird of prey in seizing its quarry and soaring into the air with it.
tricorne: Alternative spelling of tricorn
avidness: The characteristic of being avid.
K-9 unit: A police dog or a police dog and its handler.
crassula: Any plant of the genus Crassula, often succulents native to southern Africa.
low road: A course of action which is undignified, wrongful, or otherwise unseemly.
dication: Any cation, of general formula X²⁺, formed by the removal of two electrons from a neutral species
gliadine: Archaic form of gliadin.
pea soup: A thick soup made with dried peas and various other ingredients.
pea soup: A French or French Canadian person.
pea soup: Thick fog.
pea soup: A greyish green or dull chartreuse colour, like the colour of pea soup.
glycemia: Presence of glucose in the blood (which is always true), and (usually, more specifically) average concentration thereof over time, and its regulation; in this sense, glycemia is hypernymic to euglycemia, hyperglycemia, and hypoglycemia, and a mention of glycemia is a reference to blood sugar regulation and degree or quality thereof.
glycemia: (occasionally, ambiguously) Hyperglycemia.
dockside: The area near a dock, or next to a docked ship.
disunity: The lack of unity or cohesion.
equating: The act by which things are equated; the evaluation of things as equivalent.
eye drop: Alternative form of eyedrop
fidgeter: One who fidgets, especially habitually.
forgeman: A person who works at a forge. A blacksmith on a large scale.
bar room: A room where alcoholic drinks are served over a counter.
flouting: The act by which something is flouted.
carmaker: A manufacturer of automobiles.
haggling: The act of one who haggles.
gum lift: A gingivectomy performed for the aesthetic purpose of raising or shaping the gum line.
imparter: One who imparts.
slobbery: The behaviour or attitudes of a slob; slobbishness.
samphire: One of several salt-tolerant plants, some edible
samphire: Marsh samphire, glasswort (genus Salicornia), a plant once burned to produce ash used to make soda glass.
samphire: One of several salt-tolerant plants, some edible
samphire: Rock samphire (Crithmum maritimum).
samphire: One of several salt-tolerant plants, some edible
samphire: Golden samphire (Inula crithmoides, now Limbarda crithmoides).
samphire: One of several salt-tolerant plants, some edible
samphire: Borrichia arborescens of the West Indies.
samphire: One of several salt-tolerant plants, some edible
samphire: Plants of genus Sarcocornia
samphire: One of several salt-tolerant plants, some edible
samphire: Plants of genus Tecticornia
peepshow: An exhibition of pictures or objects viewed through a small hole or magnifying glass.
peepshow: A titillating or pornographic display viewed through a small slot, generally equipped with a timer to automatically close the slot when payment has expired.
traditor: A deliverer; a name of infamy given to Christians who delivered the Scriptures, or the goods of the church, to their persecutors to save their lives.
vertebre: A joint of the back.
telecoms: telecommunications
telework: remote work, telecommuting, employment as a teleworker.
propiska: a system of population control in the ex-USSR, (regional) residence permit, registration
propiska: the stamp in the Soviet internal passport (serving as a personal ID) with the registered address.
propiska: domicile, place where one lives (as stated in the stamp)
chainman: One who uses a chain or measuring tape.
domatium: A chamber produced by a plant in which insects, mites, or fungi live.
link boy: A boy employed to carry a torch or other light at night to help people navigate through the streets.
cavefish: Any of various fish, typically blind and lacking pigment, that inhabit subterranean waters.
cavefish: Any of various fish, typically blind and lacking pigment, that inhabit subterranean waters.
cavefish: Any fish in the family Amblyopsidae
rib-cage: Alternative spelling of rib cage
nestmate: One with which a nest is shared, such as a baby bird and its siblings or figuratively a child with children it is raised with.
odorizer: A device to add odor to a gas.
odoriser: Alternative form of odorizer
nuzzling: The act of one who nuzzles.
whizzkid: Alternative spelling of whiz kid
whiz kid: A brilliant or accomplished young person.
tetherin: Any protein-based tether that causes retention of virions on infected cell surfaces.
axe head: The cutting metal portion of an axe.
bar iron: wrought iron molded into bars.
minovery: Poaching by means of a mechanical trap or snare.
fibrilla: A fibril.
boarhide: Skin of a boar.
boarhide: Leather made from the skin of a boar.
backroad: Alternative spelling of back road.
ecdysone: A hormone in insects and other arthropods that promotes molting.
adamancy: The property of being adamant.
swim cap: a silicone, latex or lycra cap worn on the head by recreational and competitive swimmers.
trembles: Synonym of milk sickness
stepaunt: The sister of one's stepparent
stepaunt: The stepsister of one's parent
thiasote: A member of a thiasus in Ancient Greece.
bozzetto: A small scale model used to make a larger sculpture.
set list: Alternative form of setlist
heronsew: A heron (originally specifically when small or young).
doorpost: doorjamb
decaplet: Alternative form of decuplet.
synœcism: Alternative spelling of synoecism
reproval: The act of reproving.
decuplet: A group of ten, particularly
decuplet: A group of ten notes played in place of four or eight.
decuplet: A group of ten, particularly
decuplet: A collection of spin-3/2 baryons described in the eightfold way.
decuplet: One of a group of ten, particularly one of ten babies born to the same mother at one time.
salt pan: Synonym of salt flat: a natural dry lake or playa whose bed contains abundant salt.
salt pan: A man-made pond where salty water is evaporated to recover salt and/or other minerals.
sublemma: A statement proven for use in the proof of a more important statement, usually a lemma
apostacy: Archaic form of apostasy.
call boy: Alternative spelling of callboy
cageling: A bird that is kept confined in a cage.
call-boy: Alternative spelling of callboy
habiting: habitation; living place
habiting: clothing; garb
Romanist: A Roman Catholic.
Romanist: A scholar of Roman law and jurisprudence.
Romanist: A scholar of Roman history and culture.
Romanist: A scholar of Romance languages; a Romanicist.
Romanist: A painter of the 16th century Romanist school.
Romanist: someone perceived to be in favor of Rome Rule in Ireland.
Dresdner: Someone from Dresden.
aporesis: Knowing perplexity, knowing the extent of one's wisdom.
fleering: scorn; derision
roosting: The place or period where a creature roosts.
immuring: The act of walling up.
Moravian: A person from Moravia.
Moravian: A member of the Moravian Church.
Moravian: A group of Slavic dialects spoken in the Moravia region, considered by some linguists to compose a language separate from Czech.
Moravian: A person from Moray, either the district or the former province.
baglamas: A plucked stringed instrument, a long-necked bowl lute, played in Greek music and often made of improvised materials; it is a high-pitched and small bouzouki with one string in an octave pair on the lower D and unison pairs on the four highest strings.
hog fuel: An unprocessed mixture of coarse chips of bark and wood fiber. Pieces run from a coarse grade of less than 5" to a fine grade of less than 2".
sterigma: A slim projecting part of the basidium of some species of fungi that carries the basidiospore.
sterigma: A woody projection from the tip of the leaf base in certain conifers (Picea and Tsuga).
sterigma: Part of the genitalia of moths.
biograph: A biographical essay.
biograph: An early device to show moving pictures on a screen.
anchoret: Alternative spelling of anchorite
octology: Alternative spelling of octalogy
alterant: Something that causes alteration, that alters.
shirring: Two or more rows of gathers used to decorate parts of garments, usually the sleeves, bodice and yoke.
red link: A red hyperlink that directs to a nonexistent page of a wiki.
manganin: Any of several alloys of copper, manganese and nickel used in the manufacture of electrical resistors because of the thermal stability of their resistance
fallaway: A shot taken while moving away from the basket.
handball: A team sport where two teams of seven players each (six players and a goalkeeper) pass and bounce a ball trying to throw it in the goal of the opposing team.
handball: The medium-sized inflated ball used in this sport.
handball: The offence of a player other than the goalkeeper touching the ball with the hand or arm on the field during play.
handball: A sport in which players alternately strike the ball against a wall with their hand. Irish and American variants have slightly different rules.
handball: The small rubber ball used in this sport.
handball: An act of passing a football by holding it with one hand and hitting it with the other.
handball: A schoolyard game in which a tennis ball is struck with the hand, played on a improvised court on the asphalt or pavement.
blighter: One who blights.
blighter: A person, usually male, especially one who behaves in an objectionable or pitiable manner.
blighter: A man or child, especially an annoying one.
fall-out: Alternative spelling of fallout
fall-off: Alternative spelling of falloff
dustfall: Fine particles deposited by the atmosphere.
dew-fall: Alternative spelling of dewfall
surveyee: A person who is subject to a survey.
mintmark: An inscription stamped on a coin indicating the mint of origin.
TV movie: A movie made for and initially broadcast by a television channel.
agueweed: The common boneset (Eupatorium perfoliatum).
radiancy: The property of being radiant; radiance
radiancy: The amount of energy emitted, flux.
airbrick: Alternative spelling of air brick
allergin: Something that provokes an allergic reaction; an allergen.
aegirine: A mineral with monoclinic crystals with the chemical formula NaFe³⁺(Si₂O₆) belonging to the pyroxene group.
fart tax: Alternative form of flatulence tax
lampwork: A method for working with blown glass that does not require a furnace.
lampwork: Glass pieces made by this method.
lampwork: The activity of producing glass pieces using this method.
chi kung: Alternative form of qigong
red zone: The area extending twenty yards from the end zone, where a team in possession of the ball is expected to score.
red zone: An area of a street where the curb has been painted red, indicating that stopping, standing or parking is prohibited at that spot (except, in some places, for buses).
Quisling: Alternative letter-case form of quisling
overfall: A turbulent section of a body of water, caused by strong currents passing over submerged ridges.
overfall: Part of a garment that hangs so as to cover a lower part.
pebibyte: Strictly, 2⁵⁰ (1024⁵, 1,125,899,906,842,624) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) tebibytes, as opposed to a petabyte.
arsinous: A chemical containing arsenic in oxidation state +3. Now replaced by IUPAC term arsenic(III).
dilatino: The hypothetical superpartner of the dilaton.
periherm: In an orbit around the planet Mercury, the point that is closest to Mercury.
swamping: An act of swamping (drenching or filling with water).
uprights: Vertical (upright) posts of the goal.
sodomist: A person who practices sodomy.
lactitol: A sugar alcohol, 4-O-α-D-galactopyranosyl-D-glucitol, derived from lactulose; it is used as an artificial sweetener (E966)
tracheid: A tracheid cell.
normoxia: The condition of having a normal level of oxygen
misogyne: A misogynist.
cheireme: Alternative form of chereme
deep six: Ejection, discardment or destruction.
deep six: The grave or death; also, the (notional) place where something is discarded.
phyllode: A flattened petiole or leaf rachis that resembles and functions as a leaf, and may or may not be combined with an actual lamina.
sinapism: A mustard plaster.
hormesis: A phenomenon in which an environmental agent or stressor produces a stimulatory or beneficial effect at low doses and an inhibitory or harmful effect at higher doses, corresponding to a biphasic dose-response relationship.
teetotum: A toy (spinning top) similar to a dreidel.
teetotum: A working men's club conducted under religious influences, as an alternative to drinking in the saloon.
lacebark: Any of various New Zealand plants in the genus Hoheria.
lacebark: The Caribbean tree Lagetta lagetto.
boiserie: panelling; wood trim
sardonyx: A gemstone having bands of red sard; a variety of onyx or chalcedony.
sardonyx: A tincture (variously said to be murrey, sanguine, and/or tenné) when the blazoning is done by precious stones.
civilist: One who studies or works with the civil law.
civilist: One who rejects the moral authority of Christ but who nevertheless adheres to a moral code in line with “civil righteousness” and “good citizenship”.
civilist: A statesman, politician, or student of the political sciences.
red worm: An earthworm.
red cell: A type of cell in the blood of vertebrates that contains haemoglobin and transports oxygen from the lungs to the tissues; a red blood cell.
aetosaur: Any of an extinct group of heavily armoured herbivorous archosaurian reptiles, of the order †Aetosauria.
histidin: Dated form of histidine.
fawnlily: Alternative form of fawn lily
onnagata: A male actor who plays female roles in Japanese kabuki theatre.
week-end: Dated spelling of weekend.
reloader: One who reloads.
reloader: A shooter who makes their own ammunition from separately purchased components.
reloader: The equipment used by such a shooter, particularly a levered press used to force the components together.
reloader: a speedloader.
aphanite: Certain dark igneous rocks having grain so fine that the individual crystals cannot be seen with the naked eye.
aphorist: A person who creates or recites aphorisms.
bushland: An area of land in a natural, uncultivated state; wilderness, open forest.
disjunct: The state of being disjointed; disjointedness; a disconnect.
disjunct: One of multiple propositions, any of which, if true, confirm the validity of another proposition (a disjunction).
disjunct: Any sentence element that is not fully integrated into the clausal structure of the sentence.
disjunct: An adverbial that expresses the speaker's or writer's attitude towards, or descriptive statement of, the propositional content of the associated clause or sentence.
open bar: A bar at which drinks are served without charge, usually at a social event.
kamaaina: Alternative spelling of kamaʻaina
mantella: Any frog of the genus Mantella
bushbuck: Either of two species of antelope (Tragelaphus scriptus or Tragelaphus sylvaticus, considered by some sources to be the single species Tragelaphus scriptus) found in Sub-Saharan Africa.
bushbuck: Any relatives of the above that share the same habitat.
legature: legateship
injecter: Alternative form of injector
modulino: A singlet state thought to be a component of dark matter
ammonoid: An extinct cephalopod of the subclass †Ammonoidea (including ammonites).
legatura: A tie or brace; a syncopation.
affixion: The act of affixing; affixation, affixment, attachment.
nocturia: A frequent need to arise during the night in order to urinate.
Rapa Nui: The native Polynesian inhabitants of Easter Island.
cognatus: A person connected through cognation.
marocain: A heavy crepe fabric of silk, wool, or both, having a cross-ribbed texture, used for apparel.
ordinale: Alternative form of ordinal (religious book)
frecency: Any heuristic that combines the frequency and recency into a single measure, typically used to predict page revisits in a web browser.
war bond: A type of savings bond used by nations to help fund war efforts.
augelite: A mineral with monoclinic crystals of the chemical formula Al₂(PO₄)(OH)₃.
honestie: Archaic spelling of honesty.
goddesse: Archaic spelling of goddess.
apprisal: The act of apprising, of making aware, of informing.
approver: One who approves or gives approval.
approver: In English common law, a person who accuses a confederate; one who commits approvement.
amphipod: Any species of the taxonomic order Amphipoda of small, shrimp-like crustaceans.
airedale: Alternative form of Airedale (all senses)
Airedale: An Airedale Terrier.
Airedale: A member of aviation personnel.
athiests: Misspelling of atheists.
aleurone: The protein content of the embryo, endosperm, or perisperm of cereals, in the form of minute particles.
aleurone: The outer layer (and its major cell type and its specialized protein) of the endosperm.
descarga: A jam session in the tradition of Cuban music
aphidian: A member of genus Aphidoidea.
alienism: The fact or position of being an alien; alienage.
alienism: A foreignism, a word (or trait, etc) from another language (or country, etc).
alienism: The study or treatment of mental disorders; psychiatry.
affecter: A person who affects to know something or to be something.
aliquant: An integer that is less than another, but that does not divide the other integer into integral parts.
aliquant: An aliquot.
chantage: blackmail; the extortion of money by threats of scandalous revelations
arrester: One who places another under arrest.
arrester: A device that stops or prevents, such as a railway buffer, or a spark arrester that prevents sparks from being released to start fires.
alumroot: Any of several perennial herbs, of the genus Heuchera, native to North America.
alumroot: Flowering plants of genus Geranium, also called wild geraniums or cranesbills.
tag soup: Poorly structured code in a markup language that uses tags (such as HTML), especially when it violates specifications.
amatrice: A female amateur.
amatrice: Alternative form of amatrix
die-hard: Alternative spelling of diehard
ameerate: An emirate.
mendiant: A traditional French Christmas confection, a chocolate disc studded with nuts and dried fruits representing the various mendicant monastic orders.
amandine: A cosmetic cream prepared from almonds.
amandine: The vegetable casein of almonds.
toxicant: A toxic or poisonous substance.
amnestic: Synonym of amnesic (noun)
paellera: A large shallow frying pan in which paella is cooked.
snowline: Alternative spelling of snow line
timezone: Alternative spelling of time zone (chiefly US)
amoeboid: A single-celled organism that moves or feeds by amoeboid movement.
majorite: A silicate of magnesium, iron and aluminium, found in the upper mantle of the Earth, that stores oxygen when under intense pressure
capslock: A mode in which the capitalization of typed letters is reversed.
capslock: A key on the keyboard that activates capslock.
capslock: All caps.
sixpenny: A publication costing sixpence.
sixpenny: A stamp worth sixpence.
witnesse: Archaic spelling of witness.
libertie: Archaic spelling of liberty.
andesyte: Alternative spelling of andesite
animater: Alternative form of animator
annexion: annexation
analyser: Alternative spelling of analyzer
quartine: A supposed fourth integument of an ovule, counting from the outside.
quintine: The embryonic sac of an ovule, sometimes regarded as an innermost fifth integument.
bed-bath: Alternative spelling of bedbath
bed bath: The washing of a person's body (especially that of a patient) in bed
blow-out: Alternative spelling of blowout
bootikin: A small boot or gaiter.
bootikin: The boot (torture device).
bootikin: A covering for the foot or hand, worn as a cure for the gout.
vederala: A practitioner of Ayurveda.
naufrage: shipwreck; ruin
dwarfess: A human female dwarf.
dwarfess: A female of the dwarf race.
retaking: The act of taking again.
psalmody: The singing or the writing of psalms.
psalmody: A collection of psalms.
senarius: A verse having six metric feet.
use case: A potential scenario in which a system receives an external request (such as user input) and responds to it.
use case: A usage scenario for a piece of software; often used in the plural to suggest situations where a piece of software may be useful.
use case: A usage scenario for a product, such as a piece of equipment or a tool.
tricotée: A lively old dance.
marinera: A dance from the coastal regions of Peru, using handkerchiefs as props in a stylized reenactment of a courtship.
grip car: A streetcar, especially a cable car.
pick-axe: Alternative spelling of pickaxe
rhizopod: A member of the taxonomic superclass of Rhizopoda, being a type of amoeboid single-cell life with pseudopods not supported by a regular array of microtubules.
remitter: One who remits, or makes remittance.
remitter: One who pardons.
remitter: The sending or placing back of a person to a title or right formerly held; the restitution of one who obtains possession of property under a defective title, to his rights under some valid title by virtue of which he might legally have entered into possession only by suit
Ebionite: A member of an early Jewish Christian sect that lived in and around Judea and Palestine from the 1st to the 4th century.
sysadmin: Systems administrator; a person whose job it is to maintain computer or network systems.
footmuff: A cover for a baby's feet or legs which attaches through the harness of a pushchair, stroller, or travel system.
Japanner: A Japanese person.
tool kit: Alternative spelling of toolkit
reboring: Synonym of rebore
home lot: An enclosed plot on which the owner's home stands.
fraisier: A kind of sponge cake with strawberries.
actinoid: actinide
rag doll: A doll made from cloth and stuffed with rags.
astronot: Synonym of actornaut.
implorer: One who implores.
cyanamid: Archaic form of cyanamide.
revealer: A person or thing that reveals.
recycler: A person who recycles, or a machine used to recycle.
renegado: Archaic form of renegade.
teaseler: One who uses teasels for raising a nap on cloth.
caliduct: A pipe or duct used, especially in ancient times, to convey hot air or steam for heating purposes.
camerade: Comrade.
cannonry: Cannons, collectively; battery of cannons.
cannonry: The firing of cannons.
camporee: A gathering of Scouts in which accommodation is in tents
chiminea: Alternative spelling of chimenea
birthdom: The land of one's birth.
birthdom: Privilege of birth; one's inheritance; birthright.
canstick: A candlestick (candle holder).
argillic: A soil of this kind.
dogberry: The berry of the dogwood.
dogberry: Clintonia borealis (yellow clintonia)
clip art: A set of images, distributed as files with other software, that may be copied and pasted into documents or other files.
cockboat: A small rowing boat, especially one pulled behind a larger ship, or used to ferry goods between a ship and the shore.
ABA form: ternary form
berrying: An expedition to pick berries.
microbio: Abbreviation of microbiology.
farnesol: A sesquiterpene alcohol that is present in many essential oils and is involved in the biosynthesis of cholesterol
canhouse: A brothel.
childbed: The final stage of pregnancy; confinement.
childbed: The bed in which a baby is born.
potplant: Alternative spelling of pot plant
crenelle: Alternative spelling of crenel
skewness: The property of being skew.
skewness: A measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution of a real-valued random variable; is the third standardized moment, defined as scriptstyle γ₁=(μ₃)/(σ³),! where μ₃ is the third moment about the mean and σ is the standard deviation.
noodling: The practice and sport of fishing for catfish using the bare hands.
noodling: Musical improvisation.
API unit: A unit of radioactivity used for measuring natural gamma rays in the ground.
tag line: Alternative spelling of tagline
tag line: Synonym of dialogue tag
meetness: fitness; suitability; propriety
meteyard: A yard, staff, or rod used as a measuring device.
lewdster: A lewd person; a lecher.
centaure: Obsolete form of centaur.
buckshee: A gift or bribe.
buckshee: An extra portion, ration etc.
buckshee: A wound that is relatively minor but sufficient to get a soldier sent away from the front to the hospital.
misdoubt: suspicion; hesitation
questant: Somebody who undertakes a quest.
pulpiter: A preacher.
revenger: One who revenges.
shearman: One whose occupation is to shear cloth.
shearman: One whose occupation is to shear sheep.
rewarder: One who rewards.
recanter: One who recants.
ratsbane: Rat poison; white arsenic.
highlite: Misspelling of highlight.
hilights: Misspelling of highlights.
libellee: Alternative spelling of libelee
libelant: A party which has made a libel (hostile handbill) against a libelant
libeccio: Alternative form of libecchio
proditor: A traitor.
strewing: The act of scattering or spreading.
strewing: Material that is strewn.
decrying: A decrial.
big tent: A group, philosophy, or social or political movement that encompasses or seeks to attract a broad range of members or constituents.
big tent: Pertaining to, representing, or advocating such a group, philosophy, or movement.
mesolite: A mineral with monoclinic crystals, Na₂Ca₂Al₆Si₉O₃₀·8H₂O, of the zeolite group.
eschewal: The act of eschewing
centiamp: An SI unit of electric current equal to 10⁻² amperes. Symbol: cA
hectoamp: An SI unit of electrical current equal to 10² amps. Symbol: h
yardbird: A chicken.
yardbird: A person who is imprisoned.
yardbird: A soldier who is required to perform menial work on the grounds of a military base.
axolemma: The surface membrane of an axon
antipain: An oligopeptide, produced by Actinomycetes and other bacteria, that acts as a protease inhibitor
ascidian: Any member of the class Ascidiacea (the sea squirts)
banisher: One who banishes.
endosome: An endocytic vacuole through which molecules internalized during endocytosis pass en route to lysosomes
highwire: A highly elevated tightrope.
kittling: Alternative form of kitling
truckler: One who truckles.
leapling: Someone born on a leap day, the 29th of February.
cheveril: Soft leather made of kid skin.
neurexin: Any of a family of proteins found in nerve tissue
spectrin: A contractile protein found on the surface of the membranes of blood cells
tribromo: (in combination) Three bromine atoms in a molecule.
vaccenyl: The univalent radical, octadec-11-enyl, found in compounds related to vaccenic acid.
foot rot: A common infection of the hoof of animals such as cattle, sheep and goat caused by two species of anaerobic bacteria, Fusobacterium necrophorum and Bacteroides melaninogenicus; infectious pododermatitis.
foot rot: A disease of plants, affecting the stalk or the trunk.
foot rot: athlete's foot
cablecar: Alternative spelling of cable car
subtilty: Archaic spelling of subtlety.
controul: Obsolete form of control.
fruitage: Fruit, collectively.
fruitage: Product or result of any action, effect, good, or ill.
wristlet: An elastic band worn to keep a glove from slipping off the wrist.
wristlet: A decorative band or bracelet that encircles the wearer's wrist; especially, a closely knitted one to keep it warm; a muffetee.
wristlet: A small handbag with a short strap for attaching it to the wearer's wrist.
wristlet: A handcuff.
decoying: The act of one who decoys.
patentee: One to whom a grant is made, or a privilege secured, by patent; a person, group, company etc. that has been granted a patent.
ensample: An example; a pattern or model for imitation.
Ammonite: A native or inhabitant of Ammon.
ideality: The quality or state of being ideal.
ideality: The capacity to form deals of beauty or perfection.
ideality: The conceptive faculty.
jointure: A joining; a joint.
jointure: An estate settled on a wife, which she is to enjoy after her husband's death, for her own life at least, in satisfaction of dower.
catchcry: A slogan, particularly one intended for mass repetition.
wood-elf: An elf which inhabits woodland, usually depicted as a subrace of elf.
vespiary: A nest built by a social wasp species.
vespiary: A colony of wasps living in such a nest.
firelock: A form of gunlock, in which the priming is ignited by a spark.
firelock: A firearm using such a gunlock.
dandyism: The manners and dress of a dandy.
Corvette: A type of sports car, manufactured by Chevrolet from 1953 to present.
blazonry: Blazon.
blazonry: A coat of arms; an armorial bearing or bearings.
blazonry: An artistic representation or display.
homelife: The manner in which a person conducts themselves at home, as opposed to how they act in a professional setting.
bait car: A vehicle used as a decoy by police to help apprehend car thieves, often equipped to be tracked by GPS and to be disabled remotely.
twopenny: A coin or stamp worth two pence.
twopenny: Ale sold for two pence per quart.
rescript: A clarification of a point of law by a monarch issued upon formal consultation by a lower magistrate.
rescript: An ad hoc reply of a pope to some specific question of canon law or morality, without precedential force, sometimes (improper) inclusive of decretals which serve as precedents in canon law.
rescript: A duplicate copy of a legal document.
rescript: A rewriting, a document copied or written again.
ranchman: An owner or occupant of a ranch
ranchman: A laborer on a ranch.
uploader: Someone who uploads files.
uploader: A computer program that assists with the uploading of files.
brachial: Denoting the upper valve of a brachiopod's shell
gaggling: The cackling sound of a goose.
cheeping: The sound of a cheep.
knurling: A knurled pattern
cabalist: A member of a cabal.
cabalist: A person skilled in esoteric matters.
cabalist: A student of the Jewish Kaballah.
affronte: Obsolete form of affront.
gratinée: Synonym of gratin
koncovka: A kind of overtone fipple flute with no finger holes from Slovakia.
acridine: A tricyclic aromatic heterocycle, dibenzopyridine, obtained from coal tar; it is used in the manufacture of dyes and drugs
acridine: Any of many derivatives of this compound
basicity: The condition of being basic.
basicity: The degree to which a substance is basic: its pH level.
basicity: The number of replaceable hydrogen atoms in a molecule of an acid.
dirigent: Something that or someone who directs; a director or guide.
dirigent: The line of motion of a describent line or surface that in so moving defines a plane or solid figure; a directrix.
divorcée: A divorced woman.
chrysene: A polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon, 1,2-benzphenanthrene, containing four fused benzene rings
attritee: One who attrits; one who quits
coronene: A polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six benzene rings fused together into a ring, with the molecular formula C₂₄H₁₂.
coronene: Any derivative of this compound.
dewaxing: A process in which wax is removed from a material or a surface.
deoiling: Any process in which oil is removed from a material or surface
diolefin: An olefin that has two double bonds; a diene
wormshit: Worm excrement.
wormshit: Dirt.
pushback: The act of repelling an enemy, etc.
pushback: A procedure in which an aircraft is pushed backwards away from the gate by some external force, usually a special tractor.
pushback: A reversal or reduction.
pushback: Criticism of or resistance to a proposal, stance, or event.
pushback: Summary expulsion of asylum seekers, especially when violating the principle of non-refoulement.
red line: The thick red line on the ice which divides the rink in half.
red line: A boundary or limit which should not be crossed.
Clarisse: Synonym of Poor Clare: a nun of the Order of Saint Clare, sometimes particularly such a nun who followed the original rules of Saint Clare of Assisi.
weigh-in: The process of determining a competitor's body weight prior to an event, especially to ensure it is within the weight restrictions.
rat fink: Alternative form of ratfink.
shalloon: A fabric of tightly woven wool, mainly used for the linings of articles of clothing.
shalloon: A band for tying the tail of a wig, made of such material.
shalloon: A material used as liner in artillery rounds between the casing and propellant or bursting charge. Also used as tying for silk bags containing the propellant charge in larger guns.
livescan: A system for electronically and inklessly recording fingerprints.
fluorene: A polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of two benzene rings joined together directly, and also via a methylene bridge; it is used in light-emitting diodes.
sleeving: Hollow flexible tube used as insulation for wires and cables.
tweeting: A noise that tweets.
tweeting: The posting of tweets (microblogging messages)
tabaccos: Misspelling of tobaccos.
ridgling: Alternative spelling of ridgeling
cinamons: Misspelling of cinnamons.
indoline: A bicyclic secondary amine consisting of a benzene ring fused to a pyrrolidine one
naphthyl: Either of two isomeric univalent radicals formally derived from naphthalene by removal of a hydrogen atom
twerking: The act of one who twerks; a gyrating dance.
naphthol: Either of two isomeric phenols derived from naphthalene; they are used in the preparation of dyes and many other compounds
tetralin: The bicyclic hydrocarbon 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene; it is used as an industrial solvent.
drip gas: A naturally occurring form of gasoline found near many oil and natural gas wells. It can be used in vehicles, but doing so is illegal and has been reported to cause damage to engines.
glyceryl: Either of the univalent, divalent or trivalent radicals derived from glycerol by removing hydrogen atoms from one, two or three hydroxyl groups
aspartyl: The univalent radical obtained by removal of a hydrogen atom from the carboxylic acid group of aspartic acid
daedalum: A zoetrope.
perylene: A polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of two molecules of naphthalene fused together; it is used in light-emitting diodes.
kilogray: An SI unit of absorbed energy from ionizing radiation equal to 10³ grays. Symbol: k
pilosity: The quality or state of being pilose.
adynaton: A form of hyperbole that uses exaggeration so magnified as to express impossibility; an instance of such hyperbole.
hospodar: A title borne by the governors of Moldavia and Wallachia.
acryloyl: The univalent radical CH₂=CH-CO- derived from acrylic acid; 2-propenoyl
abietate: Any salt or ester of abietic acid; resinate.
buffaloe: Obsolete form of buffalo.
phoronid: Any hermaphroditic wormlike marine animals of the phylum Phoronida.
echiuran: Any annelid worm of the subclass Echiura, formerly considered to be its own phylum.
effector: Any muscle, organ etc. that can respond to a stimulus from a nerve.
effector: The part of a nerve that carries a stimulus to a muscle etc.
effector: Any small molecule that effects the function of an enzyme by binding to an allosteric site.
effector: An actuator.
pet shop: A shop that sells domestic animals and products for feeding and caring for them.
omohyoid: Ellipsis of omohyoid muscle..
pucelage: Virginity.
epicalyx: A group of bracts resembling a calyx
swannery: A place where swans are bred.
queening: Any of several kinds of apple.
queening: The promotion of a pawn to a queen.
queening: The sexual practice of facesitting.
noseband: The part of a bridle or halter that goes over the nose of an animal, particularly a horse.
staysail: A fore-and-aft rigged sail whose luff can be affixed to a stay running forward from a mast to the deck, the bowsprit or to another mast.
gerocomy: Medical treatment of the elderly.
vivarium: A place artificially arranged for keeping or raising living animals.
pebbling: The placing of pebbles in any of several board games.
pebbling: A way of graining leather with a ribbed or roughened appearance.
air mail: Alternative form of airmail
backflow: The flow of a fluid (through a pipe etc.) in a direction opposite to that which is normal or intended.
borazine: A cyclic hydride of boron and nitrogen made by the reaction of diborane and ammonia; it is isoelectronic with benzene.
adenosis: Benign swelling, scarring or enlargement of the lymph glands; a minor, low-risk glandular condition.
bongoist: A musician who plays the bongoes.
beachboy: A male who is a lifeguard or other worker at a beach.
beachboy: A young male who frequently goes to the beach, especially in sunny climates.
bakshish: Alternative spelling of baksheesh
bakeware: Cooking equipment intended for use inside an oven.
birdseye: Alternative spelling of bird's-eye
chuckler: Someone who chuckles.
chuckler: A shoemaker, a cobbler.
bandmate: Someone with whom one shares membership in a band.
verveine: Obsolete form of vervain.
zabajone: Alternative form of zabaglione
butylene: Any of three isomeric aliphatic alkenes containing four carbon atoms and one double bond; their polymers are used as synthetic rubber.
cockloft: A small attic or garret
butoxide: Any butyl ether.
butoxide: Any salt of a butyl alcohol.
insulter: Someone who insults.
butyrate: Any salt or ester of butyric acid.
charring: The incomplete combustion of organic material.
filching: The act of one who filches; theft.
propiram: A particular narcotic painkiller.
confrère: Alternative spelling of confrere
dezocine: A particular narcotic painkiller.
tilidine: A particular narcotic painkiller.
tilidate: A particular narcotic painkiller.
damaskin: A sword of Damascus steel.
boatsman: A boatman.
Illyrian: An inhabitant of ancient Illyria.
Illyrian: An inhabitant of Roman province of Illyricum (Illyro-Roman).
Illyrian: A South Slav, especially a Croat, used in 17th-19th centuries.
Illyrian: A Proto-Albanian.
Illyrian: A member of the Illyrian movement.
oilpatch: A patch or puddle of oil.
oilpatch: The oil and gas industry.
difluoro: Two fluorine atoms in a molecule
grouting: An application of grout.
garbling: The act by which something is garbled or confused.
garbling: The process of removing the unwanted substances present in crude drugs after drying.
glycolyl: The univalent radical HOCH₂CO₂⁻ derived from glycolic acid
fentanyl: A synthetic opioid narcotic analgesic C₂₂H₂₈N₂O with pharmacological action similar to morphine that is administered transdermally as a skin patch and in the form of its citrate C₂₂H₂₈N₂O·C₆H₈O₇ is administered orally or parenterally (as by intravenous or epidural injection); N-phenyl-N-[1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidin-4-yl]propanamide.
idealogy: Alternative spelling of ideology
selectin: Any of a group of transmembrane glycoproteins important in cell adhesion
chaussée: Level of soil.
anethole: A particular aromatic compound found in anise.
cryostat: Any device used to maintain a constant low temperature.
cryostat: A microtome held at a constant low temperature.
rat race: An activity or situation which is congested with participants and which is hectic or tedious, especially in the context of a busy, modern urban lifestyle.
rat race: The busy, modern urban lifestyle itself, especially when seen as a competition for wealth or power.
rat race: Inconsiderate or unfair competition, where the competitors are willing to do just about anything to win.
employée: A female employee.
orphancy: The state of being an orphan.
orphancy: The losing of both parents through their death.
orphanry: The state of being an orphan.
orphanry: The losing of both parents through death.
orphanry: An institution for the care and protection of orphans; an orphanage.
Titanian: An inhabitant of Titan (the Saturnian moon) or of Titania
Foxhound: The Soviet MiG 31 aircraft.
nanomole: An SI unit of amount of substance equal to 10⁻⁹ moles. Symbol: nmol
osmolyte: Any substance that contributes to the (regulation of) osmotic pressure in cells and tissues
retinoid: Any of a class of compounds whose structure or effects on the body resemble retinol (vitamin A).
dibenzyl: Two benzyl groups in a molecule
dibenzyl: The bicyclic hydrocarbon C₆H₅-CH₂-CH₂-C₆H₅ or any of its derivatives
dicobalt: Two cobalt atoms in a molecule
dicopper: Two copper atoms in a molecule
fog line: The boundary of a body of air, contacting the earth's surface, that has fallen below the dew point and usually contains fog.
fog line: A division in altitude above which fog appears.
fog line: A line painted on a road (usually bright white) that marks the edge of the legally drivable portion.
pyrazole: A heterocyclic organic compound containing two nitrogen atoms next to each others in a five-membered ring, called 1,2-diazole in IUPAC nomenclature.
pyrazole: A group of compounds containing that structure.
eelgrass: Any of several species of aquatic plant, with very long and narrow leaves
eelgrass: Zostera spp. in marine environments
eelgrass: Any of several species of aquatic plant, with very long and narrow leaves
eelgrass: Zostera spp. in marine environments
eelgrass: especially Zostera marina, growing abundantly in shallow bays along the coasts of the Northern Hemisphere.
eelgrass: Any of several species of aquatic plant, with very long and narrow leaves
eelgrass: Vallisneria spp. in freshwater environments.
testamur: A certificate of successful completion of an examination.
diethoxy: Two ethoxy groups in a molecule
419 scam: A 419 fraud.
girlcott: A boycott led by women.
refusant: One who refuses something.
high sea: The sea when it is very rough due to strong winds and storms, such that the sea encroaches much further inland than is normal, often causing damage.
poursuit: Obsolete form of pursuit.
Jacobean: A partisan of James I and of the House of Stuart.
harrumph: Alternative spelling of harumph
mericarp: An individual carpel of a schizocarp, having a single seed
martyrer: One who martyrs another.
mesocarp: The middle layer of the pericarp of a fruit. In many fruits such as drupes and tomatoes, the mesocarp is fleshy
reckoner: One who reckons.
reckoner: An accountant; one who computes or calculates.
Ukrainer: A Ukrainian.
dihalide: Any halide containing two halogen atoms per molecule
diketene: The acetyl ketene CH₃CO-CH=C=O
dinickel: Two nickel atoms in a compound
Roth IRA: A particular kind of IRA (individual retirement account), used for its tax-related benefits.
disilver: Two silver atoms in a compound
silicide: Any compound of silicon with a more electropositive element
disilane: The gaseous hydride of silicon SiH₃-SiH₃, the silicon analog of ethane
disilane: Any organic derivative of this compound
disilane: a molecule with a silicon-silicon single bond, or silicon analog of alkanes
dodecane: Any of very many isomers of the alkane having twelve carbon atoms, but especially n-dodecane that is used as a solvent and is present in Diesel fuel.
hex sign: A geometric design usually consisting of a star or flower placed in a circular field, used by the Fancy Dutch on buildings such as barns, often said to be intended as a ward against evil in former times.
hex sign: A protective symbol used in Heathenry comprising a six-petaled flower or star set within a circle, as a New Age adoptation of the above.
ixocutis: The outer surface of a mushroom where the hyphae are a gelatinous horizontal layer and lying flat.
metuloid: A cystidium which is not pointed at the end and has thick walls.
break-up: Alternative spelling of breakup
hymenium: The sporebearing surface of a fungus.
etherate: Any complex formed between a compound and an ether
ethynide: the monobasic anion [HC≡C]⁻ (a form of carbide) formally derived by removing a hydrogen atom from ethyne; any salt containing this anion
ombrella: Obsolete form of umbrella.
perigone: perianth
perigone: In mosses, the involucral bracts of a male flower.
perigone: A sac surrounding the generative bodies in the gonophore of a hydroid.
twanging: A sound that twangs.
exotherm: Any exothermic compound
synthase: Any enzyme that catalyzes the synthesis of a biological compound.
synthase: Such an enzyme that, more specifically, does not use ATP as a source of energy.
extruder: A machine that extrudes material through shaped dies
policier: A police movie, particularly one based on a police novel
foldable: Something that can be folded.
Gaussian: the Gaussian function.
Gaussian: the normal distribution.
raingear: Clothing worn as protection from rain.
raingear: Equipment for use in the rain.
rainwear: Clothing worn as protection from rain.
monogyny: The practice of having one wife at a time.
monogyny: The condition in ants of having only one queen at a time.
nailfile: Alternative form of nail file
Key lime: A small yellow (when ripe, usually sold green) lime, Citrus × aurantiifolia, especially those from southern Florida.
calpolli: A subdivision of an altepetl; a "barrio".
furfuryl: The univalent radical derived from furfural
glucitol: sorbitol
glycidol: The epoxide derived from glycerol; it has a number of industrial uses
glycidyl: The univalent radical derived from glycidol
glutaryl: A univalent radical derived from glutaric acid
haloaryl: Any halogen substituted aryl radical or group
listeria: Any rod-shaped, gram-positive bacterium, of the genus Listeria, especially those responsible for the bacterial infection listeriosis.
élégante: Alternative spelling of elegante.
tripwire: A cord or wire arranged so that when snagged or pulled by an intruder, it will trigger a detector or trap or a device, such as a land mine.
tripwire: Any means of detecting intruders or attackers.
Godzilla: Anything that is an extremely large or dramatic example of its type.
hexanone: Any of several isomers of the saturated aliphatic ketone having six carbon atoms.
henhouse: Synonym of hencoop.
grey jay: Alternative spelling of gray jay
copedant: The setup of a pedal steel guitar: the tuning plus pedal and knee lever pitch changes.
screwtop: A container that has a threaded lid (rather than a cork or push-on top).
segement: Misspelling of segment.
goggling: A stare of curiosity or amazement.
lovesong: Alternative spelling of love song
ice bath: A receptacle containing ice and water (and sometimes salt) that is used to lower something's temperature, or to keep it cold.
impellor: Alternative form of impeller
inerting: The filling of the ullage of a fuel tank with an inert gas to reduce the risk of explosion.
improver: Something that, or someone who, improves something.
improver: Specifically, a person who improves land or property, a landscaper.
improver: One who improves his or her performance, one who shows improvement (of individuals or groups).
improver: A substance added to cause improvement (especially to a foodstuff).
improver: A pad worn by women to make the dress hang properly.
improver: One who performs improv; a improviser.
tendancy: Misspelling of tendency.
bovarism: Alternative spelling of bovarysm
marchesa: An Italian marchioness.
bourgeon: Obsolete form of burgeon.
pastance: pastime
arborist: A person in the practice of arboriculture; a tree surgeon
isobutyl: The univalent hydrocarbon radical derived from isobutanol
ketenide: An organometallic compound formed from a ketene
jointing: The act of making a joint.
jointing: The set of joints so produced.
jointing: The characteristic of having joints.
jointing: The initial grinding of the teeth of a cutting tool, prior to sharpening.
lability: The state of being labile.
lability: A susceptibility to change; instability.
limonene: A monoterpene hydrocarbon 1-methyl-4-prop-1-en-2-yl-cyclohexene found in the essential oils of oranges, lemons and similar fruit, and mainly responsible for their fragrance
pleurant: A weeping figure used as an ornament on a tomb.
mesidine: The aromatic primary amine 1-amino-2,4,6-trimethylbenzene; it and its derivative have biochemical activity
malonate: Any salt or ester of malonic acid
menthane: Any of a number of isomeric saturated cyclic monoterpene hydrocarbons
menthene: Any of a number of isomeric cyclic monoterpene hydrocarbons having a single double bond
monoxime: Any compound having a single oxime group
fan club: An organization of fans (enthusiasts) of a particular person or body of works.
triamine: Any compound having three amino groups
nitrosyl: The univalent radical -NO
Polaroid: Alternative letter-case form of polaroid
pansophy: Complete and universal knowledge, or a system of such universal knowledge.
triolein: The triglyceride of oleic acid
ozonizer: A device that converts oxygen into ozone, normally by means of a silent electrical discharge; an ozone generator.
tea-cosy: Alternative form of tea cosy
sea-lion: Alternative form of sea lion
wet work: Covert assassination performed by government operatives.
wet work: Work within a gang or organization that involves killing or attacking people, for assassination or intimidation.
wet work: Cleaning tasks that involve scrubbing with cleansers.
classeme: A generic or contextual seme, denoting a group of objects.
zoochemy: Zoochemistry.
thiazine: A six-membered heterocycle containing four carbon atoms, one nitrogen and one sulfur atom, and two double bonds.
nanotech: Abbreviation of nanotechnology.
embryoid: An embryonic organism, grown in vitro from a few cells
phospham: A polymeric phosphorus nitride amide, of general formula [NPNH]ₙ, obtained by the reaction of phosphorus with ammonia.
suivante: A lady's maid.
fry cook: A cook who specializes in fried foods.
blaggard: Alternative form of blackguard.
picoline: Any of three isomeric methyl derivatives of pyridine, analogous to toluene
polaroid: A sheet of plastic embedded with microscopic crystals of herapathite or similarly acting material, so that light passing through it is polarised.
polaroid: Spectacles made with lenses of polaroid, once used to view certain 3-D movies.
polaroid: Polaroid sunglasses.
polaroid: A camera that develops its own film.
polaroid: A print from such a camera.
countrey: Archaic spelling of country.
pipework: Any system of pipes or tubes; piping
pipework: The pipes and stops of an organ
pivalate: Any salt or ester of pivalic acid; trimethylacetate
porphine: Alternative spelling of porphin
propanal: propionaldehyde
jumbling: The act by which something is jumbled or confused.
bath tub: Alternative form of bathtub
quinolyl: A univalent radical derived from quinoline
reducant: reductant, reducing agent
pyrazine: A diazine in which the two nitrogen atoms are in the para- positions; many of its derivatives are pharmaceuticals.
sandbath: Alternative spelling of sand bath
fulvenyl: Any univalent radical derived from a fulvene.
sebacate: Any salt or ester of sebacic acid
euploidy: The condition of having a chromosome number that is an exact multiple of the haploid number for the species.
molimina: The premenstrual time frame, including any symptoms, other than bleeding, that precede menstruation.
trialkyl: Three alkyl groups in a compound
sulfinyl: thionyl
storable: Something that can be stored.
yodeller: Alternative spelling of yodeler
tetraene: Any compound having four carbon-carbon double bonds
wagering: An amount wagered.
thiazate: Any of several isomeric univalent anions NSO⁻ or the salts containing these ions
marabout: A Muslim holy man or mystic, especially in parts of North Africa.
marabout: The tomb or shrine of such a person.
marabout: Alternative form of marabou (“thin fabric made from silk”)
gaolbird: Alternative spelling of jailbird
thiirane: The saturated three-membered heterocycle containing two carbon atoms and one sulfur atom; ethylene sulfide
tributyl: Three butyl groups in a compound
trinitro: Three nitro groups in a compound
tosylate: Any salt or ester of toluenesulfonic acid
triazide: Any compound containing three azide groups
triallyl: Three allyl groups in a compound
new year: next year; the year following the current year, especially the early part of it.
triethyl: Three ethyl groups in a compound
triazine: Any of three isomeric aromatic heterocycles containing three carbon atoms, three nitrogen atoms and three double bonds
triflate: Any salt or ester of trifluoromethanesulfonic acid
trioxane: Any saturated six-membered heterocycle having three carbon atoms and three oxygen atoms
zirconyl: The oxygenated cation of zirconium ZrO²⁺
all caps: Text or a font in which all letters are capital letters.
xylidine: Any of six isomeric aromatic amines (CH₃)₂C₆H₃NH₂ derived from the xylenes
thiourea: Any of a class of compounds based on NH₂-CS-NH₂, formally derived from urea by replacing the oxygen atom with sulfur, used in photography as a fixing agent, in inorganic synthesis, and in medicine as an antithyroid drug.
deep end: The part of a swimming pool with relatively deep water
deep end: A situation where expertise or experience is required.
whetting: The process by which something is whetted.
thiocane: A saturated eight-membered heterocycle having seven carbon atoms and one sulfur atom
thiepane: A saturated seven-membered heterocycle having six carbon atoms and one sulfur atom.
thiepine: An unsaturated seven-membered heterocycle having six carbon atoms, one sulfur atom and three double bonds
thiocine: An unsaturated eight-membered heterocycle having seven carbon atoms, one sulfur atom and three double bonds
chromene: Synonym of 1-benzopyran
diindole: A bicyclic heterocycle consisting of two fused indole rings
indacene: Either of two isomeric aromatic hydrocarbons consisting of two cyclopentadiene rings fused to one of benzene - as-indacene and s-indacene
hexacene: The acene consisting of six fused benzene rings; any derivative of this compound
indazole: benzopyrazole
riverain: A person who lives beside a river.
arsazine: The six-membered aromatic heterocycle containing four carbon atoms, one nitrogen atom and one arsenic atom
thiirene: The unsaturated three-membered heterocycle containing two carbon atoms, one sulfur atom and a double bond.
trifuran: Any compound containing three furan rings
abequose: The deoxy sugar 3,6-dideoxy-D-xylo-hexose
ecclesia: The public legislative assembly of the Athenians.
ecclesia: A church, either as a body or as a building.
ecclesia: The congregation, the group of believers, symbolic body or building.
e-lesson: A live lesson broadcast over the Internet.
arabinan: A polysaccharide that is mostly a polymer of arabinose
aldonate: Any salt or ester of an aldonic acid
minigolf: Miniature golf.
minigolf: A course for playing miniature golf.
medicare: The Canadian public health insurance system.
colitose: The deoxy sugar (2S,4S,5S)-2,4,5-trihydroxyhexanal, found in some bacteria
dienitol: Any unsaturated sugar alcohol containing two double bonds
dialdose: A monosaccharide containing two aldehyde groups.
diketose: A monosaccharide containing to ketone groups
cytidine: A nucleoside consisting of cytosine linked to ribose, occurring in human RNA
glycosan: Any polysaccharide (consisting of many glycose residues)
galactan: A polysaccharide consisting of many galactose residues.
snit fit: A tantrum; an excessive display of anger or disapproval.
lentinan: A glucan found in the fruiting body of shiitake (Lentinula edodes).
glyceral: glyceraldehyde
pullulan: A glucan produced by some fungi and used in manufacturing edible films.
heptitol: Any alditol having seven carbon atoms
lichenin: A glucan found in some lichens
hexulose: ketohexose
handfull: Archaic form of handful.
keelboat: Any sailboat having a keel (as opposed to a centerboard or daggerboard).
serjeant: Archaic spelling of sergeant.
serjeant: Short for serjeant-at-law.
levulose: D-fructose, the left-rotating stereoisomer of fructose.
pervader: That which pervades.
octanose: Any monosaccharide having the configuration of an eight-membered ring.
mesylate: Alternative form of mesilate.
silicule: Alternative spelling of silicle
pentitol: Any sugar alcohol having five carbon atoms
paratose: The deoxy sugar 3,6-dideoxy-D-ribo-hexose
rutinose: A disaccharide, consisting of rhamnose and glucose, derived from rutin.
flavonol: Any of several flavonoids that have a 3-hydroxyflavone backbone.
silicula: Alternative spelling of silicle
sinigrin: A glycosinolate glycoside found in many brassicas and related plants which is toxic in large quantities and responsible for the pungent bite of horseradish and hot mustard.
tagatose: The ketohexose (3S,4S,5R)-1,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxy-hexan-2-one; it is very sweet.
havildar: An noncommissioned officer rank in parts of India, later a specific military rank of the British Indian Army and of the modern armies of India and Pakistan, equivalent to sergeant.
exhorter: A person who exhorts.
exhorter: A lay preacher.
patavine: A lignan glycoside obtained from plants of the genus Haplophyllum (Rutaceae)
xylulose: The ketopentose (3R,4S)-1,3,4,5-Tetrahydroxypentan-2-one
skidmark: A long black mark left on a road surface from the sliding or skidding tires of a motor vehicle that has lost traction.
skidmark: Any other mark or stain caused by one surface skidding along another.
skidmark: A visible feces stain left on underpants, trousers, or sometimes the toilet bowl.
expander: One who or that which expands.
expander: A device used to widen the upper jaw so that the bottom and upper teeth will fit together better; a palatal expander.
expander: A control that expands to show more options or commands, keeping them hidden until needed.
expander: A kind of sparse graph with strong connectivity properties.
decanoyl: The univalent radical derived from decanoic acid by loss of the hydroxy group
hexanoyl: The univalent radical derived from hexanoic acid by loss of the hydroxy group; caproyl
nonanoyl: The univalent radical derived from nonanoic acid by loss of the hydroxy group; pelargonoyl
octanoyl: The univalent radical derived from octanoic acid by loss of the hydroxy group; capryloyl
stearoyl: The univalent radical derived from stearic acid by loss of the hydroxy group
sialosyl: The univalent radical derived from sialic acid by loss of the hydroxy group
monoacyl: A single acyl group in a compound
ring out: A win in a fighting game obtained by throwing one's opponent out of the arena.
matelote: A stew made primarily with fish and wine.
matelote: An old sailors' dance in double time, somewhat like a hornpipe.
palmityl: cetyl
triester: Any compound containing three ester groups, but especially a triglyceride
tetraose: Any oligosaccharide containing four monosaccharide moieties
conanine: A steroid alkaloid derived from pregnane
hangtime: The length of time something can stay in the air.
page boy: Alternative spelling of pageboy
pregnane: The parent hydrocarbon for a range of steroids including the progesterones
comp sci: Clipping of computer science.
pregnene: Any derivative of pregnane having a double bond in the A-ring
corn oil: A light oil ground from corn, used for cooking as well as for fuel.
drumhead: Alternative spelling of drum head
hardhead: One who is practical or hardheaded.
hardhead: A brown diving duck, Aythya australis, native to Australia.
hardhead: Any of certain saltwater sciaenid (Sciaenidae) fishes.
hardhead: Mylopharodon conocephalus of fresh waters in California.
hardhead: Any of several weeds in or formerly classified in the genus Centaurea, particularly Russian knapweed (Acroptilon repens).
hardhead: Residual ore that failed to melt during a smelting process.
hardhead: Clash or collision of heads in contest.
hardhead: A Scottish billon coin circulated in the reigns of Mary and James VI.
pierhead: The end of a pier farthest from shore.
apiculus: The part of a spore which attaches to the sterigmata at the end of a basidium.
simulfix: A type of affix in which the change of meaning is conveyed by altering one or more existing phonemes in the affected morpheme, such as ablaut.
suprafix: A type of affix where a suprasegmental change (such as tone or stress) modifies an existing morpheme's meaning.
taxogram: determinative (ideogram)
undecane: Any of many isomers of the aliphatic hydrocarbon having 11 carbon atoms, but especially n-undecane CH₃(CH₂)₉CH₃
dystonic: A person who has dystonia.
way bill: Alternative spelling of waybill
tomentum: A mass of filamentous hairs on the leaf of a plant.
tomentum: A covering of fine, soft hairs; a pubescence.
tomentum: A network of fine blood vessels between the pia mater and the cerebral cortex.
synthone: Any key intermediate product that, one synthesized, may be used to synthesize a range of other compounds.
nanotool: Any tool having dimensions measured in nanometres, or used in nanotechnology.
panmixus: Panmixia.
exciplex: Any complex or heteronuclear molecule existing in an excited state, that is dissociated in the ground state.
vagotomy: The surgical resection of the vagus nerve so as to reduce the secretion of acid in the stomach and so control duodenal ulcers.
panmixia: A situation in which an individual is just as likely to mate with a randomly chosen individual as any other in the population.
panmixia: The cessation of natural selection, as on a useless organ.
exitance: Flux (of radiation).
jin-seng: Obsolete spelling of ginseng
bdelloid: A rotifer of the subclass Bdelloidea
ostracod: Any of many small crustaceans, of the class Ostracoda, that resemble a shrimp enclosed in a bivalve shell.
capturer: One who, or that which, captures.
subindex: A subsidiary index, or one that represents a sector of a larger one
subindex: A subscript
topicity: The stereochemical relationship of substituents to a molecule and to each other
tour bus: A bus used for a touring group, especially by musicians.
roquette: A herb of the mustard family (Eruca sativa), with pungently flavored leaves often eaten in salads.
amatoxin: Any of a class of toxic peptides produced by several mushrooms of the genus Amanita and others.
amanitin: A deadly amatoxin found in Amanita phalloides (the death cap), the four destroying angels (Amanita bisporigera, Amanita ocreata, Amanita verna, and Amanita virosa), and some other amanitas.
allomone: Any substance emitted by a member of one species that affects the behaviour of another to the advantage of the emitter but not the receiver
sinusoid: A curve having the shape of a sine wave.
sinusoid: Any of several channels through which venous blood passes in various organs.
smaltite: A variety of skutterudite with the chemical formula (Co,Fe,Ni)As₂, crystallizing in the cubic system.
aphicide: Any pesticide intended to kill aphids
red week: A week that is in high demand because it is in a holiday high season. Especially used in time-share, but not limited to this industry.
red week: A week of industrial unrest which occurred in June, 1914 in the Italian provinces of Romagna and the Marche.
semiosis: Any activity, conduct, or process that involves signs, including the production of meaning.
knotting: The formation of a knot.
knotting: The swelling of the bulbus glandis.
trigraph: A specific sequence of three letters, especially one used collectively to represent a single phoneme.
trigraph: A three-character sequence used to enter a single conceptual character.
orophyte: Any plant that grows in a subalpine habitat
inventer: an inventor.
sempster: A seamster; a man employed to sew.
hinderer: One who, or that which, hinders.
twinling: A twin.
twinling: A small or young twin, especially a twin lamb.
exophyte: Any external plant parasite.
emophyte: Any plant that grows completely submerged.
cachexin: Alternative form of cachectin
panarchy: The individual's right to choose any form of government without being forced to move from their current locale.
panarchy: Dynamic symmetry across multiple scales.
panarchy: An inclusive, multilateral system in which all parties may participate meaningfully.
panarchy: Rule by all; a system of governance in which each person has absolute power.
panarchy: Rule of all; absolute or total rule.
panarchy: An all-encompassing realm.
chelator: A chelating agent
cacosmia: A condition of perceiving odours generally as bad, or sensing imagined vile odours.
chemosis: Swelling and/or (especially) edema of the conjunctiva of the eye.
pericyte: A type of mesenchymal cell which in aggregation forms a contractile wrapping around a capillary.
silkmoth: Any moth whose caterpillar stage is a silkworm, especially Bombyx mori, the domestic silkmoth, but also others in the familes Bombycidae and Saturniidae (as well as the Siberian silkmoth in the Lasiocampidae).
accrease: An increase.
cromolyn: A chemical substance, acting as a mast cell stabilizer.
sickener: One who, or that which, sickens.
sickener: A small, bright red and possibly poisonous russula or brittlegill (Russula emetica).
histamin: Dated form of histamine.
lassoing: The act of catching something with a lasso.
feromone: Alternative spelling of pheromone
spackler: Agent noun of spackle; one who spackles.
adjudger: One who adjudges.
pamperer: Agent noun of pamper; one who pampers.
capriole: A leap that a horse makes with all fours, upwards only, without advancing, but with a kick or jerk of the hind legs when at the height of the leap.
capriole: A leap or caper, as in dancing.
dawntime: The time of dawn.
dawntime: The time when something is just beginning.
snuggler: Agent noun of snuggle; one who snuggles.
dusktime: The time of dusk.
icelight: The light reflected off a surface of ice.
tankette: An early, very small, lightly armoured tank, with a crew of one or two, equipped with machine guns.
mind map: A diagram used to represent words, ideas, tasks or other items linked to and arranged radially around a central key word or idea.
mesocosm: Any system larger than a microcosm but smaller than a macrocosm, especially when used as an outdoor experimental system that examines the natural environment under controlled conditions.
limacide: Any substance intended to kill gastropod molluscs (of the family Limacidae).
botherer: Agent noun of bother; one who bothers.
pesterer: Agent noun of pester; one who pesters.
grappler: One who grapples.
grappler: A wrestler; one who fights by wrestling.
miticide: Any pesticide intended to kill mites.
linehaul: The movement of freight by any means of transport by land, air or water between distant cities, or of passengers or cargo between terminals.
linehaul: A designated truck route between distant cities.
deathray: Alternative spelling of death ray
lasergun: Alternative spelling of laser gun
prophage: The latent form of a bacteriophage in which the viral genome is inserted into the host chromosome.
lungeing: Alternative form of lunging
kedgeree: Khichdi.
kedgeree: A European dish of flaked, smoked haddock, eggs and rice.
synecism: Alternative spelling of synoecism
sulfanyl: The univalent -SH radical
oliguria: A decreased production in the volume of urine.
saturnia: pain in a joint due to lead poisoning.
synomone: Any substance produced by an individual of one species that benefits both the producer and the recipient which is of a different species.
virucide: Alternative form of viricide
transmat: A teleporter; a fictional device that transfers/transmits matter from one location to another without the object traversing the intervening distance as itself.
subacute: A patient whose condition is less than acute.
tripline: A concealed wire or string that sets off an alarm or activates a trap when tripped.
pawprint: The impression left by an animal's paw.
adenosyl: The univalent radical derived from adenosine
shut out: Alternative form of shutout
pinewood: The wood of a pine
pinewood: A forest or grove of pine trees, either natural or as a plantation
balladin: Alternative form of balladine
esterase: Any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of an ester
creatine: An amino acid, 2-(carbamimidoyl-methyl- amino)acetic acid, which naturally occurs in vertebrates and helps to supply energy to muscle and nerve cells.
nanochip: A nanoscale integrated circuit.
polysalt: A polyelectrolyte.
amitrole: The heterocyclic amine 3-amino-1,2,4-triazole that is used as a nonselective systemic triazole herbicide on nonfood croplands
eleusine: A tropical grass (Eleusine coracana, finger millet) similar to millet, grown as a food crop and also used for weaving.
epistler: A writer of an epistle.
epistler: The ecclesiastic who reads the epistle at the communion service.
elegancy: Alternative form of elegance
elegancy: A mock title.
atrazine: A triazine herbicide that inhibits photosynthesis
apoplast: The space outside of a plant's plasma membrane through which water and soluble nutrients are transported across a tissue or organ
diazinon: An organophosphorus insecticide used to control fleas etc. [O,O-Diethyl O-[4-methyl-6-(propan-2-yl)pyrimidin-2-yl]
diazinon: An organophosphorus insecticide used to control fleas etc.
adhocery: Alternative spelling of ad hocery
biometer: A device that is used to detect the presence of life by detecting and measuring minute amounts of evolved carbon dioxide.
foreshow: A manifestation in advance; a prior indication.
dieldrin: A cyclodiene insecticide, related to aldrin, that is a persistent organic pollutant.
elicitor: A person or thing that elicits
backwash: The backward flow of water from oars or propeller or breaking waves.
backwash: The similar flow of air from an aircraft engine.
backwash: The result or consequence of an event; an aftermath.
backwash: The saliva, spit or food particles that have flowed back into a drink after someone has drunk from it.
backwash: The situation where economic growth in one area harms other areas by attracting people and business away from those areas.
elongase: Any enzyme that catalyzes the elongation of an aliphatic chain, but especially one that elongates a fatty acid
cavesson: A part of a horse's bridle that consists of a headstall with a noseband. When a martingale is used, it is attached to the horse's head at the cavesson.
fipronil: A broad-spectrum insecticide, belonging to the phenylpyrazole family, that disrupts the insect's central nervous system.
Heinz 57: A dog of miscellaneous ancestry; a mutt.
Heinz 57: A variety of draw poker in which 5s and 7s are wild cards.
cortinar: A mushroom of the genus Cortinarius; webcap.
propanil: The herbicide 3′,4′-dichloropropionanilide
picloram: The herbicide 4-amino-3,5,6-trichloropicolinic acid
simazine: The herbicide and algicide 6-chloro-N2,N4-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine
phytoene: An acyclic polyunsaturated isoprenoid hydrocarbon that is the precursor of the biosynthesis of carotenoid pigments
symplast: The inner side of the plasma membrane of a plant in which water can freely diffuse.
glucinum: beryllium.
riffling: sampling by use of a riffler
disilyne: a molecule containing a silicon atom which forms a triple bond to another silicon atom
disilyne: a silicon analog of alkynes containing at least one silicon-silicon triple bond.
disilyne: a silicon analog of ethyne, Si₂H₂ ( SiH≡SiH )
disilene: a molecule containing a silicon atom which forms a double bond to another silicon atom
disilene: a silicon analog of alkenes containing at least one silicon-silicon double bond.
disilene: a silicon analog of ethene, Si₂H₄ ( SiH₂=SiH₂ )
lipidome: The set of all lipids in a cell or organism
gegenion: A counterion: an ion of opposite charge to another in an electrochemical or ion transport system.
diverter: A person or thing that diverts.
diverter: A valve used to change the flow of fluid through a system of pipes.
diverter: A device for forwarding calls to another telephone line.
diverter: One who uses diversionary tactics.
clutcher: One who clutches.
macromer: A macromonomer.
demixing: The separation of the components of a mixture
triblock: A block copolymer that has three distinct blocks
chapelet: A pair of straps, with stirrups, joined at the top and fastened to the pommel or the frame of the saddle, after they have been adjusted to the convenience of the rider.
chapelet: A kind of chain pump, or dredging machine.
Sprinter: A British diesel multiple unit of class 150, 153, 155, 156, 158 or 159.
aquation: The replacement of a ligand by water in a complex
punch up: Alternative form of punch-up
glugging: A sound that glugs.
threeway: a sexual act involving three people.
vocalise: A vocal exercise performed by singing one or more vowels without actually forming any words.
snotnose: One who is snot-nosed.
rail car: Alternative spelling of railcar
coil gun: Alternative spelling of coilgun
rail gun: Alternative spelling of railgun
pizzetta: a small pizza
nonwoven: Any of various fabriclike materials made from long fibres bonded together by chemical or mechanical processes.
pizzette: pizzetta (a small pizza)
voidance: The act of voiding, of defecating or removing.
voidance: The quality of being void.
spalpeen: A poor migratory farm worker in Ireland, often viewed as a rascal or mischievous and cunning person.
spalpeen: A good-for-nothing person.
kotowing: Alternative form of kowtowing
badgerer: One who badgers.
badgerer: A dog used in baiting badgers.
mud room: Alternative spelling of mudroom
repoussé: A metalworking technique in which a malleable metal is ornamented or shaped by hammering from the reverse side.
pauldron: A component of plate armor that protects the shoulder, generally covering more than a spaulder, also protecting the armpit and overlapping with other armor over the upper chest and back.
rock bun: Alternative spelling of rockbun
goethite: An iron oxyhydroxide that is the main constituent of rust.
antiport: A structure in a cell membrane that simultaneously transports different molecules or ions through the membrane in opposite directions
apologie: Archaic spelling of apology.
fuchsine: A dye (rosaniline hydrochloride, C₂₀H₁₉N₃·HCl) usually a deep red or magenta colour.
lovedrug: Alternative spelling of love drug
steatite: soapstone (often synonymous; more information at soapstone § Terminology).
isograft: A surgical transplant of tissue between genetically identical individuals (i.e. monozygotic twins).
subchain: Any chain that branches off another.
subchain: A secondary or subsidiary chain of businesses.
Shih Tzu: A small dog breed which originated in China; a dog of that breed.
baseband: The frequency range occupied by a message signal prior to modulation.
baseband: A method of transmission in which only one frequency channel is used at a time.
baseband: A device using baseband transmission.
kiverlid: A coverlet or comforter.
kiverlid: A carpet or rug.
bivouack: Archaic form of bivouac.
moffette: Alternative form of mofetta
chromane: A bicyclic heterocycle in which a benzene ring is fused to one of dihydro-pyran; it is the base unit of tocopherols
kiss-ass: An obsequious person who tries to win the favor of someone, usually their superior.
reddendo: A clause in a charter specifying the services to be rendered by a vassal to his superior.
manpurse: A purse worn by a man.
attiring: ornamentation
tonguing: A licking or lapping with the tongue.
tonguing: A technique used with wind instruments to enunciate different notes using the tongue on the reed or mouthpiece.
mellower: One who or that which mellows.
jollying: The act of one who jollies; amusement; diversion.
dandling: The act by which somebody is dandled.
dim bulb: A person who is slow-witted or stupid.
cocopalm: Alternative spelling of coco palm
latching: The act of fastening a latch.
latching: A loop or eye formed on the head rope of a bonnet, by which it is attached to the foot of a sail.
latching: The situation where one speaker's utterance immediately follows another speaker's utterance, without pause or overlap.
canzonet: A short song, now especially one which is light and breezy.
oil cake: The solid residue remaining after any oilseed has been pressed to remove the vegetable oil; it is used, with other ingredients, as animal food.
oil cake: A cake made with vegetable oil instead of butter.
zootsuit: Alternative form of zoot suit
ore body: A large deposit of a mineral or minerals, below the earth's crust.
birching: A beating with a birch.
beveling: Alternative spelling of bevelling
blubbing: Crying; whining; blubbering.
expeller: Someone or something that expels.
expeller: Someone or something that expels.
expeller: A machine that removes most of the oil from oilseeds to form oil cake.
flaxseed: The seed of the flax plant; a source of linseed oil.
gossypol: Any of a class of toxic polyphenols found in the seeds of the cotton plant.
glucagon: A peptide hormone, produced by the pancreas, that opposes the action of insulin by stimulating the production of sugar
Rt. Rev.: Right Reverend (an ecclesiastical title)
parabole: similitude; comparison
minarine: A form of low-fat margarine.
arboreol: The epoxylignane derivative (7β,7'α,8α,8'α)-3,4:3',4'-bis(methylenedioxy)-7,9':7',9-diepoxylignane-7,8-diol
mess kit: A compact set of eating utensils (including plate, cup, utensils) and sometimes cooking pots etc, used in the field by soldiers and by campers.
mess kit: A formal uniform, worn for occasions such as mess dinners.
xanthoma: A small, yellow nodule, rich in cholesterol and other lipids, that occurs in the skin, often near a joint
triunity: The fact or state of being three in one (usually with reference to the Christian idea of the Trinity).
replacer: A replacement or substitute.
replacer: One who replaces something.
cinnamyl: The univalent radical C₆H₅-CH=CH-CH₂- characteristic of cinnamic compounds
furanoid: Any compound whose structure is based on furan.
ethernet: Alternative letter-case form of Ethernet
bowplane: A surface, usually horizontal, near the bow of a marine vessel, used for stability or control.
centinel: Obsolete spelling of sentinel
feed-bag: Alternative spelling of feedbag
feed bag: Alternative spelling of feedbag
sidedish: Alternative form of side dish
know-all: Someone who obnoxiously claims to be knowledgeable on a subject.
riboside: Any glycoside of ribose
boot-cut: Alternative spelling of boot cut
arsinoyl: The univalent arsenic radical -AsH₂(=O)
arsinoyl: Any organic derivative of this radical -AsR₂(=O)
aminoxyl: The univalent radical derived from hydroxylamine by removal of a proton; its structure is best represented as H₂NO^. <=> H₂N^(.+)-O⁻; dihydridooxidonitrogen
aminoxyl: Any organic derivative of the radical R₂NO^. <=> R₂N^(.+)-O⁻
A-lister: Someone on an A-list.
skorpion: Alternative form of scorpion
jewelery: Misspelling of jewellery. (UK)
jewelery: Misspelling of jewelry. (US)
thwarter: A person or thing that thwarts.
thwarter: A disease of sheep, indicated by shaking, trembling, or convulsive motions.
polyquat: Any of several quaternary ammonium compounds that are used as algicides.
townsite: In former British colonies, a tract of land authorized to be developed as a town and then surveyed and marked out with streets.
cultigen: A plant that has been deliberately altered or selected by humans, that is it has resulted from artificial rather than natural selection.
trackage: railway tracks collectively
trackage: The right of a railway company to use the tracks belonging to another; the charge levied for this right
trackage: The act of tracking, or towing, as a boat; towage.
talkback: A system in broadcasting and recording studios that enables the director to communicate with others (host, presenter, anchor) during performance.
talkback: Communication from members of the public to the makers of a broadcast transmission while it is happening.
tornillo: A small tree, Prosopis pubescens, native to Mexico and parts of the United States that has spirally twisted pods; the screwbean
tornillo: A low-frequency seismic event associated with volcanoes
peccancy: Faultiness, a state of being flawed.
peccancy: A sin or moral transgression.
peccancy: Sinfulness.
peccancy: Unhealthiness.
supercar: Any high-performance sports car
ropework: The making, repairing, knotting, splicing and storing of rope, and the manufacture of devices from rope, mostly by use of the marlinspike
ropework: A form of raised convex or painted decoration in the form of twisted rope applied to architecture, ceramics, metalwork and furniture
remaster: Synonym of remastering (“new version of a piece of media”)
pantofle: A slipper.
folksong: Alternative spelling of folk song
plamodel: Any of a range of plastic die-cast models, kits, or similar merchandise.
rootbeer: Alternative spelling of root beer
raftsman: A person who transports a raft of floating logs downstream to a sawmill; a rafter.
ordinand: A candidate for ordination
man cave: A part of a home specifically reserved for adult male activities, such as drinking beer, playing games and watching TV; often a garage or den.
townland: A geographical unit of land smaller than a parish.
Minimoog: An early monophonic analog synthesizer.
mechitza: A partition in an Orthodox synagogue to divide men from women
longlist: An initial, relatively long, shortlist, from which a further shortlist is selected.
datacast: A broadcast stream of data.
shut-eye: Sleep.
mottling: spots or blotches of different shades or colours
chiptune: A piece of computer music in which the sounds are generated and mixed in realtime, common before the advent of mass storage for prerecorded sound.
chiptune: A style of music that samples, uses or emulates the audio capabilities of older sound chips, but that ignores certain hardware or software limitations inherent to them.
eastside: The east side of a district or city
cencerro: A cowbell.
downland: An area of rolling hills (downs), often grassy pasture over chalk or limestone.
citywide: A combined order of a shot of distilled spirit (especially bourbon) and an order of beer
consoler: One who gives consolation.
snackery: A place which sells snacks.
Vesuvian: One who inhabits the area around Mount Vesuvius.
Vesuvian: A kind of match or fusee for lighting cigars.
berimbau: A percussion instrument, consisting of a gourd (as resonator) and a single wire stretched along a pole, used in Brazil, has a pivotal role in capoeira ensembles.
partwork: A written publication released as a series of pre-planned magazine-like issues over a period of time, distributed through the same channels as magazines.
nanofood: Any food created with the help of nanotechnology
nanocide: Any pesticide created using nanotechnology
copy cat: Alternative spelling of copycat
dipthong: Obsolete spelling of diphthong
dipthong: Misspelling of diphthong.
copy boy: A boy employed to carry copy and run errands.
reimport: The act or practice of importing again, or back to a place of origin; reimportation.
reimport: A product which has been reimported.
rickroll: An act of or attempt at rickrolling.
hawkshaw: A detective.
neocracy: Government by the new or inexperienced.
vadouvan: A paste of burnt garlic and onion with herbs, from India; a type of masala.
querying: The act of making a query.
kiełbasa: Alternative form of kielbasa
voicebox: larynx
polytree: a graph with at most one undirected path between any two vertices. In other words, a directed acyclic graph (DAG) for which there are no undirected cycles either.
greedoid: A particular type of set system.
semiring: An algebraic structure similar to a ring, but without the requirement that each element must have an additive inverse.
semiring: One of the incomplete rings of the upper part of the bronchial tubes of most birds, forming an essential part of the syrinx of songbirds.
leeboard: A board, or frame of planks, lowered over the side of a sailboat to lessen its leeway.
leeboard: Port, larboard (the side of a ship opposite starboard).
kirkyard: A churchyard, especially one in Scotland.
neuropil: A fibrous network of nervous tissue that forms the gray matter of the brain
jobation: An extensive rebuke or telling-off; a long criticism or admonitory lecture.
zoophily: pollination by animals
dystonia: A disabling neurological disorder in which prolonged and repetitive contractions of muscles cause jerking, twisting movements and abnormal postures of the body
teletype: A telegraph that automatically prints transmited messages in letters rather than Morse code or other symbols, typically resembling a typewriter in appearance.
teletype: The telegrams produced by this device.
teletype: An early input/output device for mainframe computers.
encrease: Obsolete spelling of increase
assertor: One who asserts or avers.
assertor: One who supports, affirms, defends, or vindicates; a champion.
caudatan: Any amphibian of the order Caudata; the salamanders
canaille: The lowest class of people; the rabble; the vulgar.
canaille: Shorts or inferior flour.
anudātta: Low-pitch accent (grave), which precedes the acute udātta, in Vedic Sanskrit.
altarage: The offerings made upon the altar or to a church.
altarage: The profit which accrues to the priest, by reason of the altar, from the small tithes.
wingbeat: A single stroke made in flight by the wings of an animal that flies by beating its wings.
advowson: The right to present a nominee to a vacant ecclesiastical benefice or church office.
boot cut: Pants cut as if to allow the legs to fit over boots.
dialoger: Alternative form of dialoguer
myotonia: A symptom of several muscular disorders characterized by the slow relaxation of the muscles after voluntary contraction or electrical stimulation.
batphone: Alternative spelling of bat phone
canaller: A person living or working along a canal.
canaller: A vessel of a design modified for use in a particular canal.
bedcover: A decorative cover for a bed; a bedspread or counterpane
axialite: A multilayer aggregate of lamellar crystals spreading out from a common edge
autacoid: A hormone or similar compound that has a short-term, local effect
nighantu: Alternative spelling of Nighantu
Nighantu: A particular type of Sanskrit glossary, containing brief annotations of obscure and difficult words grouped into thematic categories.
blowdown: The removal of liquid and solid hydrocarbons from a refinery vessel by the use of pressure.
blowdown: Cooling fluid discharged from a plant at the end of its cycle.
blowdown: Uprooting, overtopping, or bole breakage of trees by the wind; windthrow and windsnap.
blowdown: The action of aerodynamic forces to tend to cause a deflected control surface to return to its neutral position, or prevent the surface from deflecting past a certain point.
aquilino: An old Italian coin bearing the image of an eagle.
gas tank: A fuel tank for gasoline built into equipment, especially vehicles.
one side: A place where things are stored or reserved, as in:
one side: A place where things are stored or reserved, as in
Katahdin: A sheep of a particular breed developed in Maine.
ostomate: A person who has had an ostomy, a surgical operation to create an opening in the body for the discharge of body wastes.
apostata: Obsolete form of apostate.
Sadducee: A member of an ancient Jewish sect possibly formed as a political party in the 2nd century BCE and existing until around the 1st century CE.
coatroom: A room intended for holding guests' coats and other heavy outerwear, as at a theater; a cloakroom.
tenantry: The state or act of being a tenant.
tenantry: The body of tenants on an estate.
sainfoin: A perennial herb of the genus Onobrychis with pale pink flowers, especially Onobrychis viciifolia (syn. Onobrychis sativa).
omphalos: An ancient religious stone artifact, or baetylus, used to denote the direction of the "center" of the world.
omphalos: The theological proposition that the world was created with certain indicia of a history which had not actually occurred (such as the humans who had never been connected to umbilical cords being created with navels).
omphalos: The navel.
omphalos: A raised central point; a boss.
omphalos: The center or hub.
cosphere: A cybotactic region of a solution.
coronand: A crown compound.
demister: Part of the ventilation system in a motor car that blows hot, dry air against the inside of the windscreen to prevent or remove condensation.
demister: Any of various devices that remove droplets of water from air.
portatif: A portative organ.
remipede: Any of several small, marine, cave-dwelling crustaceans, of the class Remipedia, characterized by a short head and a long trunk bearing setose swimming appendages
downwash: downward air turbulence caused by a propeller or jet, but especially by helicopter blades
downwash: The downward motion of air as a result of eddies behind a wing or chimney, etc.
scotcher: One who scotches.
shootist: A person who is an expert user of firearms, especially a sharpshooter or a gunslinger in the Old West.
Dena'ina: A member of the Dena'ina people, a Native American tribe of the region surrounding Cook Inlet on the southern coast of Alaska.
Camunian: Camun
fumarase: An enzyme that in the Krebs cycle acts as a catalyst for the reaction of water and fumarate to form L-malate.
luthiery: The construction and repair of stringed instruments.
pathovar: A strain of bacteria, or set of strains, with similar characteristics.
huapango: A fast, rhythmic Mexican dance for couples.
toe hold: Alternative spelling of toehold
vivipary: Reproduction via embryos that develop from the outset without interruption (as opposed to germinating from a seed).
vivipary: Live birth (as opposed to hatching from an egg).
floccule: A small, loosely aggregated mass of material suspended in, or precipitated from a solution; a floc.
halonium: Any cation of the form R₂X⁺, in which X is a positively-charged halogen
clawback: A rule that permits a party to take back evidentiary materials that were mistakenly turned over to the other party but to which the other party would not have been entitled.
clawback: Money that a party is entitled to keep under one tax provision but is taken by another tax provision.
clawback: Any recovery of a performance-related payment based on discovery that the performance was not genuine.
clawback: A flatterer or sycophant.
measurer: One who, or that which, measures.
Galloway: One of a breed of beef-producing cattle, originating in Galloway, Scotland.
sidepath: A path for bicyclists located alongside a roadway.
hastener: Agent noun of hasten: one who hastens.
hastener: A stand or reflector used for confining the heat of the fire to meat while roasting before it.
weregeld: Alternative spelling of wergeld
remaking: recreation; reconstruction
impinger: Any of several instruments in which fine particles (dust) in a gas are analysed by blowing them through a jet onto a wetted plate, prior to being counted. Typically used for particle analysis
med-evac: The removal of the injured or ill to a hospital from a combat or disaster area.
med-evac: An aircraft used for such removal.
isostere: Any of a group of molecules or ions that have the same number of valence electrons and have chemical or physical similarities. For example, SH, NH2 and CH3 are isosteres of OH.
enricher: One who enriches.
enricher: The choke; the component that supplies a richer mixture of fuel to the engine when required.
Victrola: A brand-name model of phonograph and phonograph records manufactured and sold by the Victor Talking Machine Company and later RCA Victor beginning in 1906.
kephalin: Alternative spelling of cephalin
asphalte: Alternative form of asphalt
portance: The manner in which one carries oneself; behaviour.
INCOTERM: Alternative spelling of Incoterm
mesopore: Any pore of moderate size, but especially those between about 2 and 50 nanometers in width
mesopore: A pore with size between 2 and 50 nanometers.
cacodoxy: Incorrect doctrine or opinions.
fairlead: A device to guide a line, rope or cable around an object or out of the way, or to stop it from moving laterally
orthotic: An orthopedic appliance designed to support, straighten or improve the functioning of a body part; an orthosis.
puntello: One of the points sometimes drilled as guides for cutting away superfluous stone.
microgel: A gel formed from a network of microscopic filaments of polymer
chotchke: Alternative spelling of tchotchke
handlist: A list for easy reference.
nitroxyl: Aminoxyl.
number 2: Alternative spelling of number two
number 2: Short form of number 2 pencil
stimming: Synonym of self-stimulation
rumpling: The act by which something is rumpled.
semicoke: Any of a range of products intermediate in composition and consistency between coke and pitch formed by the incomplete carbonization of coal
releaser: Anything that releases something.
releaser: The determining feature of a stimulus that produces a response.
releaser: Alternative form of releasor
rotenoid: Any of a class of polycyclic compounds related to rotenone
rugosity: The state of being rugose.
rugosity: A measure of how rugose something is.
subphase: A subsection of a phase
subphase: The liquid upon which a film or layer floats
on sight: An ascent of a route without falling, on the first attempt, without having been advised on it or having seen it prior.
aboideau: A tide gate, designed to protect marshland, so constructed as to let out water at low tide, but to prevent an influx of water at high tide.
rheopexy: A rheological phenomenon in which certain colloids solidify more quickly when subjected to shear
devadasi: A girl who underwent the Hindu religious practice of being "married" to a deity. In addition to taking care of the temple, she learned and practiced Bharatanatyam and other classical Indian arts, and enjoyed high social status.
retrying: The act of something being retried.
orthicon: An early TV camera tube. (Abbreviation of orthoconoscope.)
skewback: The side of an arch; the course of masonry on the top of an abutment with a slope for the base of the arch to rest against.
viologen: Any of a class of quaternary ammonium salts derived from 4,4'-bipyridine
trochoid: The curve traced by a point on a circle as it rolls along a straight line
trochoid: An organism or fossil with a trochoid shell (especially one in the gastropod family Trochidae), or the shell itself.
serpette: A pruning knife with a curved blade.
petanque: Alternative form of pétanque (“French boules game”)
petanque: Any of various ores, including forms of silver sulfide (such as stephanite) and the copper ore tetrahedrite.
cellarer: The person, usually in a monastery, responsible for providing food and drink.
callgirl: Alternative spelling of call girl
megannum: Alternative form of mega-annum
harpagon: A grappling hook.
comitiva: A band of brigands in Italy or Sicily.
involver: Someone or something that involves.
oilfield: Alternative spelling of oil field
postilla: postil
preimage: For a given function, the set of all elements of the domain that are mapped into a given subset of the codomain; (formally) given a function ƒ : X → Y and a subset B ⊆ Y, the set ƒ⁻¹(B) = {x ∈ X : ƒ(x) ∈ B}.
laborist: A physician who aids labor and delivery but does not provide prenatal care.
laborist: A supporter of workers' rights.
futurate: The use of a non-future-tense verb to express future time. In English, typically this refers to present-tense verbs.
open set: Informally, a set such that the target point of a movement by a small amount in any direction from any point in the set is still in the set; exemplified by a full circle without its boundary.
open set: A set which can be described as an (arbitrary) union of open balls. Equivalently, a set such that for every point in it, there is an open ball centered at that point, such that that open ball is contained by the set.
open set: Most generally, a member of the topology of a given topological space.
depriver: One who deprives.
sand hog: Alternative form of sandhog
duettist: Someone who performs in a duet.
neti pot: A pot or jug used to perform nasal irrigation.
tussling: The act of one who tussles; a struggle.
tousling: The act of something being tousled.
tippling: A session of drinking alcohol.
piblokto: A condition affecting dogs or other animals in the Arctic, characterized by aggressive behavior and seizures.
piblokto: A condition affecting the Inuit peoples in winter, characterised by a period of frenzied activity or irrational behaviour, followed by unconsciousness or stupor.
kabloona: A non-Inuit person in Canada or Greenland, especially a European or someone of European descent.
angakkuq: An Inuit shaman.
trilling: The production of a trill sound.
trilling: A compound crystal consisting of three individuals.
trilling: One of three offspring born at the same birth; a triplet.
dirt nap: A state of permanent rest; the state of death.
locutory: A room for conversation; especially, a room in monasteries where the monks were allowed to converse.
dungheap: Alternative spelling of dung heap
shatoosh: Alternative spelling of shahtoosh
shahtush: Alternative spelling of shahtoosh
eulachon: Synonym of candlefish
vergaloo: Dated form of virgalieu.
myopathy: Any of several diseases of muscle that are not caused by nerve disorders
sharding: A decomposition of a database into multiple smaller units that can handle requests individually.
sharding: A breaking into shards.
darkmans: The night.
backlift: The lifting of the bat in preparation for hitting the ball.
helotism: The permanent oppression of a nominally free group of people
helotism: A form of mutualism in which one species is forced to perform tasks for another, for their mutual benefit
flaunter: Someone who flaunts.
smoocher: Someone who smooches; a kisser.
smoocher: Someone who borrows trivial items without returning them; a petty thief.
smoocher: An annoyingly nosy person; a tag-along.
note pad: Alternative spelling of notepad
thiazyne: Any of a class of compound containing a sulfur to nitrogen triple bond
tear off: Alternative form of tear-off.
neckache: A pain in the area of the neck.
snot rag: A handkerchief.
accentus: Ambiguity arising when the meaning of a sentence is changed by placing an unusual prosodic stress, or when, in a written passage, it is left unclear which word the emphasis was supposed to fall on.
accentus: A style of church music that emphasizes spoken word.
egg bank: a repository for eggs (female gametes), both in the context of ecology (i.e. storing the eggs of an endangered species) and in the context of human reproductive technology.
Indianan: An inhabitant of Indiana.
ragazine: a cheaply produced magazine
reseller: A company or individual that purchases goods or services with the intention of reselling them rather than consuming or using them.
skinnies: Synonym of skinny jeans
rakshasi: A female rakshasa
shimming: The act of fraudulently copying a chip from a chip-and-pin card, such as found on credit cards and bank cards, through the use of a shimmer
wisehead: A person who is wise or who considers himself or herself to be wise.
Norseman: A medieval Scandinavian or Viking.
Norseman: A Scandinavian or a person of Scandinavian ancestry.
Norseman: A Norwegian.
Nobelist: A person who has been awarded a Nobel Prize.
rakshasa: A member of a race of mythical fanged demons that eat human flesh and blood, somewhat like vampires.
edentate: Any mammal that has few or no teeth, but especially the anteaters, armadillos, and sloths of the former order Edentata.
ozarkite: Thomsonite, a mineral series of the zeolite group.
ozarkite: The mineral mozarkite of the Missouri, Ozark region.
Ozarkite: Someone from the Ozarks, Missouri.
despight: Obsolete spelling of despite
ryegrass: Any of several species of tufted grasses of the genus Lolium.
ryegrass: A collection of plants of any of the species, as in a lawn or field.
slop-jar: A container used for urinating or defecating when it is not possible or convenient to use a bathroom or toilet; a bedpan, a chamber pot. Commonly used in hospitals, where it is normally called bedpan. Formerly used in private residences that were without an indoor toilet or bathroom.
subgenus: A subdivision of a genus.
backfile: A file of documents in paper or fiche format that have no digital equivalent.
backfile: A file containing non-current items.
biometal: Any metal that has a biochemical function.
biometal: Any metal that has a biochemical function.
biometal: One of the principal ones (calcium, sodium, potassium, magnesium, or copper), as opposed to trace ones (such as lithium).
Phi Bete: A member of that society.
honokiol: An organic compound (a dimer of allyl phenol) found in Magnolia grandifloris, used in traditional Japanese medicine as an as an anxiolytic, anti-thrombotic, anti-depressant, anti-emetic, and anti-bacterial. Used in Western medicine as a potent anti-tumorigenic and neurotrophic compound.
job shop: A business or facility specializing in the manufacture or fabrication of parts in relatively small quantities, produced to the specifications or requirements supplied by the customer.
job shop: A production unit that processes jobs each of which requires processing at multiple workstations, in any order, which processing may vary in time taken at each workstation.
job shop: An agency that supplies technical personnel usually on short-term temporary contracts.
pandemia: A pandemic.
rustbelt: A region of dilapidated or former manufacturing concerns.
line art: Images that consist of distinct straight and curved lines placed against a (usually plain) background, without gradations in shade (darkness) or hue (color).
line art: Artwork to be reproduced with one solid colour, contrasted with artwork having tone or shading (halftones), or full colour (colour separations).
rankling: A sensation that rankles.
basepair: Alternative spelling of base pair
rabidity: rabidness
lipotomy: A technique of human aesthetic medicine which aims at dissolving unwanted greasy clusters without any surgical acts.
crumbler: Agent noun of crumble: one who crumbles.
twiddler: One who twiddles.
cooption: A cooptation
sidebang: A hairstyle that consists of long hair brushed forward over one eye, similar to a fringe haircut, but worn on one side only.
IP in IP: A protocol for sending IP packets over an existing IP network.
traverse: A route used in mountaineering, specifically rock climbing, in which the descent occurs by a different route than the ascent.
traverse: A series of points, with angles and distances measured between, traveled around a subject, usually for use as "control" i.e. angular reference system for later surveying work.
traverse: A screen or partition.
traverse: Something that thwarts or obstructs.
traverse: A gallery or loft of communication from side to side of a church or other large building.
traverse: A formal denial of some matter of fact alleged by the opposite party in any stage of the pleadings. The technical words introducing a traverse are absque hoc ("without this", i.e. without what follows).
traverse: The zigzag course or courses made by a ship in passing from one place to another; a compound course.
traverse: A line lying across a figure or other lines; a transversal.
traverse: In trench warfare, a defensive trench built to prevent enfilade.
traverse: A traverse board.
huissier: A doorman in France.
huissier: A huissier de justice, an officer of the court in various European countries roughly similar to a British bailiff.
detuning: The process of something being detuned.
detuning: The difference between actual frequency and resonance frequency.
retuning: The act by which something is retuned; a subsequent tuning.
diluvium: An inundation or flood; a deluge.
diluvium: A deposit of sand, gravel, etc. made by oceanic flooding.
bedstraw: any plant of herb genus Galium of the madder family with small pointed leaves and hairy stems with small, white or yellow flowers
bedstraw: Any plant of the genus Cruciata.
bedstraw: straw put into a bed
reovirus: Any of a group of RNA viruses, of the family Reoviridae, that infect animals and some plants
wagonway: A railway designed for use by trams or wagons.
sgabello: A kind of stool typical of the Italian Renaissance, typically made of walnut and having a variety of carvings and turned elements.
big-head: Alternative spelling of bighead
begetter: A procreator; one who begets.
begetter: An originator; a creator.
coronato: An old silver coin of 15th-century Italy, introduced during the reign of Ferdinand I of Aragon.
mirepoix: A combination of diced onions, carrots, celery and herbs sautéed in oil or butter as used in French cooking.
mirepoix: A mixture.
cameloid: Any (fictional) animal similar to a camel.
cameloid: Misspelling of camelid.
tarbagan: A species of marmot, Marmota sibirica, which lives on the steppes of Central Asia.
opsimath: A person who learns late in life.
usufruct: The legal right to use and derive profit or benefit from property that belongs to another person, as long as the property is not damaged.
terzetto: A composition in three voice parts.
terzetto: A vocal (or, rarely, instrumental) trio.
dandriff: Archaic spelling of dandruff.
sestetto: A sestet.
diaspore: A natural hydrate of aluminium, sometimes forming stalactites.
diaspore: A gemstone consisting of hydrate of aluminium in crystal form.
diaspore: seeds and fruit together regarded as a dispersal unit.
naproxen: A certain non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug that inhibits the COX-1 and COX-2 enzymes and thereby reduces pain, fever, inflammation, and stiffness.
zikkurat: Alternative spelling of ziggurat
vendaval: A westerly wind, especially one that blows into the Mediterranean Sea around the area of the Straits of Gibraltar and Morocco, or a similar wind in the Philippines.
dactylus: Synonym of dactyl (“type of metrical foot”)
colubrid: Any snake in the family Colubridae, completely covered in scales and mostly nonvenomous.
pungence: The quality of odor/odour that stings the nose, said especially of acidic or spicy substances.
reprover: One who reproves; a rebuker.
biassing: Alternative form of biasing
car barn: A garage for streetcars, buses or railway cars.
waiverer: Agent noun of waiver; one who waivers.
epistome: a mouth-covering lobe or ridge in bryozoans and phoronids
epistome: a plate in front of the mouth of some types of crustacean
megahurt: megahertz.
megahurt: A hypothetical unit for measuring pain or damage.
patteran: Any of several coded signs left along a road or on a non-Roma house by one Rom to another. The most common ones consist of crossed sprigs (usually of different trees or shrubs) indicating, for example, a direction travelled.
quartern: A quarter part; one fourth.
quartern: A loaf of bread weighing about four pounds.
quandong: Any of several species of Santalum:
quandong: A small southern Australian shrub (Santalum acuminatum) or its edible red fruit.
quandong: Any of several species of Santalum:
quandong: The bitter quandong (Santalum murrayanum) or its fruit.
quandong: Any of several species of Santalum:
quandong: The desert quandong (Santalum lanceolatum) or its fruit.
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: blue quandong (Elaeocarpus angustifolius) or its fruit.
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: Arnhem Land quandong, bony quandong (Elaeocarpus arnhemicus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: Kuranda quandong (Elaeocarpus bancroftii)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: brown quandong (Elaeocarpus coorangooloo)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: smooth-leaved quandong, eumundi (Elaeocarpus eumundi)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: quandong (Elaeocarpus ferruginiflorus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: white quandong, Northern quandong (Elaeocarpus foveolatus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: brush quandong, blue quandong, white quandong, quandong (Elaeocarpus grandis)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: mountain quandong (Elaeocarpus holopetalus )
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: Kuranda quandong (Elaeocarpus johnsonii)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: brown-hearted quandong (Elaeocarpus kirtonii)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: white quandong (Elaeocarpus kirtonii)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: tropical quandong (Elaeocarpus largiflorens)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: hard quandong (Elaeocarpus obovatus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: Ash quandong (Elaeocarpus reticulatus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: brown quandong, grey quandong (Elaeocarpus ruminatus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: Northern quandong, hard quandong, Northern hard quandong (Elaeocarpus sericopetalus)
quandong: Any of many species of Elaeocarpus:
quandong: hairy quandong (Elaeocarpus williamsianus)
quandong: highroot quandong (Aceratium concinnum)
quandong: buff guandong, grey quandong (Peripentadenia mearsii)
quandong: A confidence trickster.
centiare: Alternative form of centare
thiotepa: A particular drug used in chemotherapy.
big lick: A Texas hold 'em starting hand involving both a 6 and a 9 of any suit.
thioTEPA: A particular drug used in chemotherapy.
mitotane: A particular oral drug used to treat cancer.
killfile: Alternative form of kill file
miswrite: A failed write operation.
autosave: A software facility that saves an open document periodically to avoid the risk of data loss.
autosave: A copy of a file or document saved automatically by such a facility.
telefrag: A frag caused by teleporting into the other player.
top-post: A post on an online forum whose contents are placed above a quoted message which is being replied to.
sea-lane: Alternative spelling of sea lane
snowpack: An accumulation of packed snow, usually the seasonal amount.
teucalli: Alternative form of teocalli
pitahaya: Alternative form of pitaya
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Any of the ray-finned fishes of family Batrachoididae of benthic ambush predators.
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Tetraodontidae
toadfish: banded toadfish, of Australia (Torquigener pleurogramma)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Tetraodontidae
toadfish: blackspotted toadfish, of the tropical Indian and Pacific Oceans (Arothron nigropunctatus)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Tetraodontidae
toadfish: common toadfish (or toadfish), of Australia and New Zealand (Tetractenos hamiltoni)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Tetraodontidae
toadfish: prickly toadfish, of Australia and New Zealand (Contusus richei)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Tetraodontidae
toadfish: red striped toadfish, of Indonesia and Papua New Guinea (Dichotomyctere erythrotaenia, syn. Tetraodon erythrotaenia)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Tetraodontidae
toadfish: smooth toadfish, of Australia (Tetractenos glaber)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Psychrolutidae
toadfish: dark toadfish (Neophrynichthys latus)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Psychrolutidae
toadfish: frilled toadfish, of Macquarie Island (Ambophthalmos magnicirrus)
toadfish: Any fish thought to resemble a toad
toadfish: Certain species in family Psychrolutidae
toadfish: pale toadfish of New Zealand (Ambophthalmos angustus)
recoding: The act or result of coding again or differently.
recolour: Alternative form of recolor
big baby: An adult or youth prone to immature behavior associated with babies, such as tantrums or pouting.
dignitie: Obsolete spelling of dignity
tyrannie: Obsolete spelling of tyranny
intercut: An alternating sequence of this kind.
cargador: A porter in Mexico or another Spanish-speaking country.
squaddie: A private in the army.
gradable: A word that can be inflected to specify the degree or grade of something.
polyarch: A state of many rulers, many leaders.
polyarch: A root that has many xylem bundles.
trashbag: Alternative spelling of trash bag
bacterin: A suspension of killed or attenuated bacteria for use as a vaccine.
viscacha: Any of the several South American rodents, native to the Andes, of the genera Lagidium and Lagostomus, within family Chinchillidae.
arriccio: A layer of plaster laid slightly coarsely to provide a key for the intonaco.
evenhood: Equality; equity; justice.
homonymy: The property of being a homonym.
quadriga: A Roman racing chariot drawn by four horses abreast.
quadriga: A team of four horses, or sometimes other animals, especially as used in chariot racing.
astrakan: Alternative form of astrakhan
findspot: A location at which items, or a specific item, have been found.
Gaullism: A French political ideology based on Charles de Gaulle's thoughts and actions.
Gaullist: One who believes in or follows the ideals of Gaullism.
Izhorian: A member of an indigenous people of Ingria.
trichoma: Ingrown eyelash; trichiasis.
trichoma: A trichomatose condition of the hair; plica.
cow milk: Alternative spelling of cowmilk
workboat: A boat used for purposes other than recreation, passenger transport, or combat.
playtest: A session of testing a newly developed game by playing it or having it played.
pit prop: A wooden beam used as a support within a mineshaft or tunnel.
parkland: Land suitable for use as a park.
parkland: A landscape characterized by a mixture of treed groves and open grasslands, akin to a Eurasian forest steppe.
homegirl: A female friend.
homegirl: A female co-member of a gang.
excitant: Something that excites or stimulates; a stimulant
rebeller: One who rebels; a rebel.
violater: Alternative spelling of violator
rogation: A deeply serious and somber prayer or entreaty.
rogation: The demand, by the consuls or tribunes, of a law to be passed by the people; a proposed law or decree.
lacrymal: Alternative spelling of lachrymal (vase intended for collecting tears).
negawatt: A unit of saved energy.
fish fry: A meal, especially a cookout, featuring deep-fried, battered fish.
collegue: Misspelling of colleague.
AWDWWITK: Initialism of assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill.
lopolith: a mass of volcanic or igneous rock found within strata which has spilled downward into underlaying strata and forms depressed regions.
lopolith: mass similar to laccolith but concave down
shivaree: Alternative form of charivari
syntaxis: Syntax.
syntaxis: A convergence of mountain ranges, or geological folds, towards a single point.
syntaxis: Syntaxy.
oil spot: A spot consisting of oil; for instance, in the ocean subsequent to an oil spill.
oil spot: One of the yellow spots, often circular in shape, on the upper leaf surface of grapevines in the early stages of downy mildew (caused by Plasmopara viticola infection).
polyneme: Any of several tropical foodfish, of family Polynemidae, that have long filaments below the pectoral fin; the threadfins
polynema: A connected graph.
mittimus: A warrant issued for someone to be taken into custody.
mittimus: A writ for moving records from one court to another.
mittimus: A formal dismissal from a situation.
menologe: Synonym of menologium, a monthly record, particularly in certain Christian contexts
intersex: The condition of being intersex; intersexuality.
intersex: An individual with any of these conditions.
douanier: An officer of the French customs.
menology: The study of months; the names and system of months within a given calendar.
menology: Synonym of menologium, a monthly record, particularly in Assyriology and certain Christian contexts.
menology: The content of a menologium, a liturgical calendar or hagiography.
donzella: A female donzel.
bordeaux: Alternative letter-case form of Bordeaux (“fungicide; wine”)
fingerer: One who fingers, especially in the sense of sexual stimulation.
halliard: Alternative spelling of halyard
wallower: Agent noun of wallow; one who wallows.
wallower: A lantern wheel; a trundle.
jam tart: An open tartlet filled with jam
jam tart: Heart
jumpseed: A trailside plant, Persicaria virginiana, with a long seedstalk bearing adhesive seeds.
hipflask: Alternative spelling of hip flask
red bean: The azuki bean (Vigna angularis), most common in East Asia.
red bean: The rice bean (Vigna umbellata).
red bean: Any of various red varieties of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris), including the kidney bean, Honduran red bean, and Salvadoran red bean.
red bean: A paste made of azuki beans.
fin keel: A type of keel common in sailing yachts, its shape resembling the fin of a fish.
Aurelian: An entomologist devoted to the study of butterflies and moths.
mustelid: Any carnivorous mammal of the diverse weasel family Mustelidae, which also includes badgers, otters, martens, mink and wolverines.
tragopan: Any of several species of Asian pheasant of the genus Tragopan.
omoplate: The scapula.
dihedron: A polyhedron having two faces
jacobian: Alternative letter-case form of Jacobian
cantoria: A gallery, in an Italian church, occupied by the choir
sap ball: Any large fungus of the genus Polyporus.
sap-wood: Alternative form of sapwood
margarin: Archaic form of margarine.
sap tube: a vessel that conveys sap
agarwood: Heartwood from trees of genus Aquilaria, especially Aquilaria malaccensis (syn. A. agallocha), infected with mold (Phialophora parasitica), which produce an aromatic resin in response to this infestation.
placcate: Alternative form of placket (“type of armour plate”)
Jacobine: Alternative form of Jacobin
prattery: Foolishness or foolish behaviour.
prattery: March, Sarah Spencer Lady Lyttelton. Correspondence of Sarah Spencer Lady Lyttelton 1787-1870 (Kessinger Publishing, 2006), page 234
prattery: March 18, Edwin Norris, in The Correspondence of William Henry Fox Talbot, Glasgow Universityhttp://foxtalbot.dmu.ac.uk/project/project.html
rideable: Any small vehicle, such as an electric scooter, designed to be used by a single person.
snausage: A penis.
plaister: Alternative form of plaster
decalage: The difference in angle of incidence between the main wing and horizontal stabilizer, or between the canard and main wing, of an airplane.
decalage: The difference in angle of incidence of the two wings of a biplane.
decalage: The angle between two geometric lines that define an aerofoil.
decalage: In Piagetian developmental psychology, the inability to apply a learned function across all problems (horizontal decalage) or across different developmental stages (vertical decalage).
paintery: A place where paintings are done.
paintery: The act, process, or result of painting.
mofussil: Originally, the regions of India outside the three East India Company capitals of Bombay, Calcutta and Madras; hence, parts of a country outside an urban centre; the regions, rural areas.
stoccata: Alternative form of stoccado
forewing: Alternative spelling of fore wing
sphering: The practice of humans traveling in a sphere, generally made of transparent plastic, usually for fun.
hindwing: Alternative spelling of hind wing
megapode: Any of several chicken- or turkey-like birds in the family Megapodiidae, which incubate their eggs by burying them where they receive warmth from decaying vegetation, solar radiation or geothermal heat.
frontend: Alternative form of front end
barbwire: Alternative spelling of barbed wire
back-end: Alternative form of back end
biotroph: Any parasite that cannot survive in a dead host and therefore keeps it alive
flowrate: The rate of flow, usually of a fluid, measured in either volume or mass per unit time.
rhodamin: Alternative spelling of rhodamine
vinology: The study of wine and winemaking; enology
fusarium: Any of various fungi, of the genus Fusarium, some of which are pathogenic to plants and animals.
aginator: A shop owner.
tenotomy: The surgical procedure of cutting, or making an incision in, a tendon
alcatote: A foolish oaf.
plantage: Plants, vegetation; specifically, the planting or cultivation of plants.
ale-bush: a tavern sign.
alburnum: sapwood; the soft, newer wood in the trunk of a tree found between the bark and the hardened heartwood.
anoopsia: A condition in which one eye gazes upward while the other looks straight ahead.
hypopnea: A disorder which involves episodes of overly shallow breathing or an abnormally low respiratory rate
annosity: Fullness of years; great length of life; agedness; lengthiness of life span.
masonite: A type of hardboard formed using wooden chips and blasting them into long fibers with steam and then forming them into boards.
episcope: A form of projector that projects images of opaque objects
Cumbrian: A native or inhabitant of Cumbria or Cumberland.
love rat: An adulterer; a two-timer; somebody who has an affair whilst in a relationship.
twinhull: A boat having two hulls.
butterer: One who butters.
aphronia: The lack of practical judgment.
atrichia: The absence of hair due to congenital or acquired physical reasons.
autocide: Control of a pest through propagation of sterile males.
autocide: A substance produced by a bacterium that is fatal to that bacterium.
autocide: A suicidal person.
autocide: An act of suicide committed by crashing a car.
autocide: An act of killing someone with an automobile.
arcanist: A craftsman who has knowledge of a manufacturing secret (specifically in the area of porcelain manufacturing).
arcanist: A person who studies arcana or religious mysteries.
queerdom: The world of queer (non-heterosexual) people; queer people collectively; queerness, queerhood.
equinoxe: Misspelling of equinox.
standish: A stand to hold ink, pens, and other writing accessories; an inkstand.
Natufian: A member of the Natufian culture.
Ayurveda: Traditional Hindu alternative medicine, involving balancing three bodily humours of wind, bile, and phlegm.
aandblom: Any of several, typically evening blooming, flowers related to the Iris, in particular of the genus Hesperantha.
kabassou: Obsolete spelling of cabassou
kabbalah: Alternative spelling of Kabballah
kabbelow: A meal consisting of potato and cabbage mashed together.
kabbelow: Cod that has been salted and hung for a few days.
nail bar: A beauty salon dedicated to nail care e.g. manicures and pedicures.
nail bar: A crowbar.
cabassou: The southern naked-tailed armadillo, a type of large armadillo native to South America, with five toes and enormous claws (Cabassous unicinctus).
kabeljou: A type of fish from southern Africa, Argyrosomus coronus.
kadkhoda: In and around Iran, the leader or head of a village.
Ephesian: Someone from Ephesus
Ephesian: A jolly companion; a roisterer.
bad iron: bad luck.
junkanoo: A parade held in the Bahamas.
junkanoo: A style of goombay traditionally played on goatskin drums and cowbells during the parade.
choc-ice: Alternative spelling of choc ice
Japanism: A custom peculiar to Japan.
Japanism: A word, phrase or linguistic feature typical of Japan.
choc ice: A block of vanilla ice cream with a chocolate (or chocolate-like) coating
choc ice: A black person considered to have assimilated into white culture; an Oreo.
kabouter: A tiny folkloric man who traditionally wears a pointy red hat, lives in harmony with nature and resides in mushrooms, similar to a gnome, leprechaun or a smurf.
textmode: A display that supports text but not graphics.
miniboss: A minor or incidental boss in a video game.
kirigami: An art similar to origami, with cutting permitted.
malaphor: An idiom blend: an error in which two similar figures of speech are merged, producing an often nonsensical result.
shidduch: A system of matchmaking in which Jewish singles are introduced to each other.
ghawazee: A type of female dancer popular in Egypt in the 19th century, who danced in a style similar to the belly dance.
cold one: A beer; usually, a cold beer straight from a refrigerator or cooler.
rampager: A person who rampages
baby tee: A T-shirt designed to be worn by babies.
baby tee: A short T-shirt designed to be worn by young women.
tick box: A small space on a form in which a tick or cross may be placed as a response.
skillset: Alternative form of skill set
Salesian: A member of this society.
strawman: Alternative spelling of straw man
camwhore: Synonym of camgirl.
camwhore: A shameless or exhibitionistic webcam user.
somatics: Any of several holistic approaches to physical therapy that attempt to train both the body and the mind.
somatics: Movement practices which emphasize the dancer's sensations, or which incorporate somatic therapies.
somatics: The science dealing with the general properties of matter; somatology.
apathete: An apathetic person; one given to apathy.
caracara: Any of several South American and Central American birds of prey in the family Falconidae.
polemist: A polemicist
sidetone: The effect of sound that is picked up by the telephone's mouthpiece and introduced (at low level) into the earpiece of the same handset, acting as feedback; or a similar effect in radiotelegraphy, public-address systems, etc.
Mantchou: Alternative spelling of Manchu
Salopian: A person from Shropshire.
Salopian: A pupil of Shrewsbury School
heathery: A place where varieties of heath are grown in a controlled environment.
glamoury: magic
royalism: Impassioned allegiance to or advocacy of the establishment, maintenance, and/or interests of a particular king, royal house, or kingly dynasty; sometimes extended to the same of a non-royal (i.e., grand ducal, imperial, or other) family or sovereign; often contrasted with monarchism.
tarakihi: A fish, Nemadactylus macropterus, between 30 and 60 centimeters long and found off the coast of Australia and South America.
semiaxis: A line segment, joining the centre of a figure to an edge, that forms half of an axis of symmetry.
flanging: A flange.
flanging: A time-based audio effect produced when two identical signals are mixed together, but with one signal time-delayed by a small and gradually changing amount, usually smaller than 20 milliseconds.
cioppino: An Italian-American shellfish and tomato stew.
somerset: Archaic form of somersault.
draisine: A light auxiliary rail vehicle (train) or tram.
draisine: Synonym of draisienne
flextime: Alternative form of flexitime
khalifah: Alternative form of caliph
canicule: Synonym of dog days.
dulciana: An organ stop with a sweet tone.
bassetto: A tenor viol or small bass viol.
crumhorn: Any of several related simple woodwind instruments having a bent horn
archlute: A fretted and double-necked stringed musical instrument with a large body, double courses in the bass, and two sets of tuning pegs.
xenofobe: Misspelling of xenophobe.
charango: A small guitar-like stringed instrument with five courses of eighteen to fifteen strings, originating in traditional Andean folk music.
sororate: The custom of the marriage of a man to the sister of his wife, usually after the wife has died.
sororate: A marriage according to this custom.
janitrix: A female janitor.
obloquoy: Misspelling of obloquy.
goutweed: A ground elder, Aegopodium podagraria.
gaveller: A usurer.
gaveller: Someone who pays gavel for rented land.
air sign: Any of the three star signs Aquarius, Gemini and Libra.
list box: A GUI widget that allows the user to select one or more items from a list contained within a static, multiple line text box.
medicant: A medication.
hyponymy: The semantic relation between hyponyms; the quality of being hyponymous.
maturant: A medicine or application which promotes suppuration.
abseiler: Someone who abseils.
lavature: A wash or lotion.
tarasque: A mythical European dragon.
chaparro: kermes oak (Quercus coccifera)
computor: A person who calculates or computes
computor: A device that computes
forumite: One who frequents an Internet forum.
shakycam: A style of filming using a handheld camera, giving an on-screen effect of shakiness.
barnstar: A decorative painted object or image, often in the shape of a five-pointed star but occasionally in a circular wagon-wheel style, used to adorn a barn.
barnstar: An image posted on a wiki user's personal page by another user, as an informal award or form of recognition.
dibstone: A pebble used in a child's game called dibstones.
undernet: The criminal underworld in cyberspace.
buckeroo: Alternative spelling of buckaroo
crepitus: Grating, crackling or popping sounds and sensations experienced under the skin and joints.
eggwhite: Alternative spelling of egg white
endogeny: Growth from within.
canoeman: A voyageur.
canoeman: A canoeist.
eustress: A healthful, stimulating kind and level of stress.
haymaker: A person or machine which harvests or prepares tall grass for use as animal fodder.
haymaker: A particularly powerful punch, especially one which knocks down an opponent, thrown like a scythe chop for cutting hay, as agricultural haymakers used to have strong arms.
haymaker: Any decisive blow, shock, or forceful action.
nominant: A nominative noun
carnaval: One of various large carnivals held before the beginning of Lent, especially in Latin America.
carnaval: Obsolete spelling of carnival
tribbing: Vulva-to-vulva sexual intercourse with legs intertwined.
puffinet: The black guillemot
puffinry: A colony of puffins.
pubarche: The first appearance of pubic hair in a child.
punkette: A female member of the punk subculture.
yamstick: A rod-shaped implement used by the aboriginal people of Australia to dig yam and as a combat weapon.
punkster: Someone, especially a young person, associated with the punk subculture or a performer of punk-influenced music.
bowl-off: bowl-out
bowl-out: A series of deliveries at an unguarded wicket at the end of a non-first-class cricket match, used to decide the winner of a drawn match.
perilune: The point of an elliptical lunar orbit where the distance between the satellite and the Moon is at its minimum.
pushball: A team game where players attempt to push a large inflatable lightweight ball into the opponent's goal.
pushball: The large ball used for this game.
punkling: A young strumpet
punkling: Someone young associated with the punk movement or music.
flexagon: A flat model made from folded strips of paper that can be folded, or flexed, to reveal a number of hidden faces.
ska punk: A style of music combining ska and punk rock popular in the 1990s.
ska punk: Someone associated with, or fond of, this style of music.
BIG suit: An airtight full-body suit intended to protect wearer from biologically hazardous persons, serums, materials, or lifeforms.
typonese: The writing of language with typographical errors, as though that were a language in its own right.
mirmillo: A kind of gladiator, known for wearing a Gallic helmet with the image of a fish.
stigmate: Synonym of stigma
shrieker: One who shrieks.
fire box: The hearth of a metal-forging shop; the forge of a smithy.
fire box: An enclosed hearth with hatch for refueling that is attached to or built into a boiler that supplies steam for mechanical power.
fire box: The internal hearth of a furnace, stove, or heater.
fire box: The hearth of an outdoor grill.
foldboat: A type of collapsible canoe.
treebank: A database of sentences which are annotated with syntactic information, often in the form of a tree.
tommyrot: Nonsense, rot.
minigame: A small and simple game, especially an incidental game within a larger video game.
fontange: A headdress popular among aristocrats in Europe in the late 17th century and early 18th century, made with pleated layers of starched lace and ribbon.
longness: length, lengthiness
antiatom: An antiparticle composed of antiprotons, antineutrons, and positrons. An antimatter equivalent of the atom.
look-out: Alternative spelling of lookout
game bag: A bag in which a hunter or poacher carries back dead game
assessee: Something or someone that is assessed.
Pap test: A screening test to detect pre-cancerous and cancerous cells by taking a sample ('smear') of cells from the cervix.
coal oil: kerosene or any unspecified lower grade derivative of crude petroleum
Montanan: A native or resident of the state of Montana in the United States of America.
oakiness: The property of being oaky
shingler: A person who installs shingles.
shingler: A metalworker who hammers and squeezes material to expel impurities.
myofiber: muscle fiber
zircaloy: Any of a set of specialist alloys of zirconium
myofibre: Alternative spelling of myofiber
peplomer: how viruses attach to cells; spike
galbanum: A bitter, aromatic resin or gum, extracted from plants of the genus Ferula, that resembles assafoetida and has been used in incense and in aromatherapy
fougasse: A type of lattice-shaped bread associated with the area of Provence.
fougasse: An old-fashioned type of land mine, in the form of a foxhole filled with explosives or projectiles.
fourbery: deceit, an unprincipled action.
Ex Works: Meaning the buyer pays for all insurance and transportation from the seller's premises, and the seller's only responsibility is making the goods available at the seller's premises.
charette: A period of intense work, especially group work undertaken to meet a deadline.
charette: Alternative spelling of charret
yanggona: Alternative spelling of yagona
imponent: One who imposes a rule.
lanneret: A male lanner, smaller than the female.
ayatolla: Alternative spelling of ayatollah
mintaqah: A first-level country subdivision used in Saudi Arabia and several other Arab countries.
khamseen: Alternative spelling of khamsin
yardland: Synonym of virgate.
holonymy: A semantic relation that exists between a term denoting a whole (the holonym) and a term denoting a part that pertains to the whole (the meronym).
holonymy: The quality or nature of being the whole in a holonymous relation.
metabole: Alternative spelling of metabola
yarwhelp: godwit, a type of bird.
prostyle: A building having pillars only along the front side
gloriole: halo
metabola: A change or mutation of disease, symptoms, or treatment.
zileuton: An asthma drug that blocks leukotriene synthesis by inhibiting 5-lipoxygenase, an enzyme of the eicosanoid synthesis pathway.
gallipot: A small, glazed earthenware jar once used by apothecaries for holding medicine and ointment.
gallipot: Someone who uses such pots; an apothecary.
kolinsky: The Siberian weasel, Mustela sibirica
kolinsky: The fur of the Siberian weasel
zero air: atmospheric air specially cleaned so that it contains less than 0.1 ppm of hydrocarbon impurities; it then is usable in laboratory procedures such as versions of gas chromatography in which sufficiently pure air may serve as a carrier gas.
civision: The use of encryption when broadcasting television signals.
yearsman: Someone employed for the period of one year.
yelamber: yellowhammer
roturier: A commoner or plebeian; a person of low rank; especially, in pre-Revolutionary France, a member of the social class comprising all who were not nobles or clergy.
savegame: A saved game.
bitplane: The set of bits stored at the same relative position in each byte and thus having comparable effects on the overall data, used for sound and image processing, etc.
crop top: A short T-shirt or blouse that is cut off above the abdomen.
year-old: Someone or something of the age of one year.
cocinera: A female cook, in Spanish-speaking regions.
monoline: A company operating in only one industry or line of business; often specifically a bank specializing in credit card issuance.
monoline: An insurer specialized in insuring investment-grade securities against loss.
monoline: A font line of consistent width, as occurs when imitating pencil script.
monoline: A length of monofilament line, used for culturing forms of seaweed.
monoline: A type of composing machine in which each line of type is cast as a single slug.
monoline: A single spectrum line.
wide boy: A man who lives by his wits, wheeling and dealing.
landskap: A province in various Scandinavian countries.
cutscene: Alternative spelling of cut scene
pak choi: Alternative spelling of bok choy
bulldyke: Alternative form of bull dyke
roll-out: Alternative spelling of rollout
vegelate: Chocolate containing vegetable fat (not a permitted ingredient in parts of the European Union).
volitile: Misspelling of volatile.
dyssease: Obsolete spelling of disease
dyspepsy: dyspepsia
rasberry: Misspelling of raspberry.
gumamela: Chinese hibiscus (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis)
gumamela: Any flower or plant belonging to the genus Hibiscus
knotwork: A design or pattern of interlocking or overlapping geometric shapes resembling a knot
knotwork: Work involving the tying of knots.
knotwork: An object composed of or using knots.
oppugner: Someone who oppugns; an opponent.
ordinant: One who ordains.
dutchess: Archaic spelling of duchess.
clapshot: A traditional Scottish dish made of boiled potatoes and boiled swede (or Scottish turnip) mashed together with chives. Often prepared on Burns night.
pie safe: A piece of furniture for storing pies or other foods not needing immediate refrigeration.
pie safe: A cabinet or other piece of (usually freestanding) furniture made similar to or in imitation of a pie safe.
maccaboy: A type of rose-scented snuff.
nylonase: Collectively a type of enzyme capable of digesting manmade molecules of nylon
dunkadoo: The American bittern
dufftail: Obsolete spelling of dovetail
Blu-Tack: A solid putty-like adhesive, originally blue in colour, used to secure items to walls and other surfaces.
ducatoon: A silver coin formerly used in Holland and other Dutch-speaking territories.
acupoint: A specific point on the body where acupuncture or acupressure is applied.
angiitis: A condition where blood or lymph vessels are inflamed.
chroming: The act of inhaling the fumes of substances such as glue or paint, usually by sniffing them from a paper bag or bottle, with the aim of getting intoxicated.
sinciput: The front part of the head or skull (as contradistinct from occiput).
halfword: An area of storage one half the size of the word in a particular system; usually two bytes
khachkar: An Armenian carved memorial stone.
obligant: One who binds themselves to another to pay or to perform something.
obscurer: One who, or that which, obscures.
stampedo: A stampede.
activase: Any enzyme that activates a gene
per diem: A daily stipend.
per diem: A daily allowable limit for expendables.
plopping: The sound or action of something that plops.
javanite: Alternative form of javaite
Java man: A purported species of primate, a supposed ancient ancestor of human beings, named Pithecanthropus erectus, now considered Homo erectus.
Java man: Alternative form of Javaman; a denizen of Java.
javanais: A type of slang used in the French language, where an extra syllable -av- or -va is placed inside a word as an infix.
javelina: The peccary, especially the collared peccary.
filiment: Misspelling of filament.
Stuckist: A member of the Stuckism art movement.
bebopper: A musician or aficionado of the bebop genre.
otherkin: A person who claims or believes that their soul, essence, or identity is non-human.
tinnitis: Misspelling of tinnitus.
vintenar: A leader of vintenary, a twenty infantry in medieval England, who were a medieval draft on freemen who were not knights.
Semitism: A word or phrase (construction or idiom) typical of or influenced by a Semitic language such as Arabic, Aramaic or Hebrew. (Compare Romanism, Hebraism.)
Semitism: Semitic character; Semiticness.
Semitism: Judaism; Jewishness (especially when seen as the thing to which anti-Semitism is opposed).
nose job: A plastic surgical procedure to alter the appearance of the nose, especially for cosmetic reasons; the resulting physical appearance of the nose.
bibingka: A rice cake made using rice flour, sugar and coconut milk and wrapped in banana leaves.
recooper: Recovery.
delegacy: The position or state of being a delegate.
delegacy: A collection of delegates.
telefone: Misspelling of telephone.
trackway: A set of footprints left in soft ground by a human or animal, especially if fossilized.
trackway: Any of two or more narrow paths, of steel, smooth stone, or similar, laid in a public roadway otherwise formed of an inferior pavement, such as cobblestones, to provide an easy way for wheeled vehicles.
squamate: Any reptile of the order Squamata.
bratling: A little brat.
softshoe: Alternative form of soft shoe
antimuon: A positively charged particle, the antiparticle corresponding to a muon.
heatsink: Alternative spelling of heat sink
Xaverian: A member of the Xaverian Brothers, a religious order founded in Bruges, Belgium 1839 and dedicated to Catholic education.
Xanthian: A citizen of Xanthos.
xenelasy: The expulsion of foreigners.
x-height: The distance between the baseline and midline in a typeface, typically equal to the height of the lower-case letter x.
impolicy: The state or act of being impolitic.
taglioni: A kind of overcoat.
stearine: Alternative form of stearin
aquaduct: Misspelling of aqueduct.
hostesse: Obsolete spelling of hostess
dockable: A device that can be docked to connect it to another.
Mary Sue: A fictional character, usually female, whose implausible talents and likeability weaken the story.
symphysy: The fusion of two bodies, or two parts of a body
codepage: A mapping to a particular character set, where there are several possible sets that share the same code points.
what not: Something of the kind, whatever (used to terminate a vague list).
handwash: A liquid soap for washing the hands.
softsoap: Alternative spelling of soft-soap
practico: A guide (person who guides).
stumpage: Trees and other standing timber, treated as a commodity.
stumpage: The value of this timber.
stumpage: The right to fell such timber.
stumpage: The fee for the right to fell such timber.
headyard: Foreyard.
sphingid: Any of many hawk moths of the family Sphingidae
stimulon: A system of genes that are regulated by the same stimulus
souchong: Any of several varieties of aromatic black tea from China.
xystarch: The officer in charge of a xystus in Ancient Greece.
xanthane: Archaic form of xanthan.
dyspathy: Antipathy, aversion.
apricity: The light or warmth of the Sun.
Geminian: Someone with the Gemini star sign
saddlery: The trade or craft of a saddler.
saddlery: A place of business of a saddler.
saddlery: The inventory and equipment of a saddler; saddles and other horse-riding equipment, or the materials for making them.
scombrid: Any fish of the family Scombridae.
epicness: The quality or state of being epic.
hip roof: A roof formed from inclined, planar ends and sides, joined at their edges to form hips, the longer sides forming a ridge at the top
chequing: Alternative spelling of checking
maximand: That which is to be maximized.
minimand: That which is to be minimized.
soliflor: A vase designed to hold a single flower
sericite: A fine-grained mica found in metamorphic rocks
promisee: A person who receives a promise.
jessemin: Archaic spelling of jasmine.
jew-fish: Alternative spelling of jewfish
jestress: A female jester
borderer: A person who resides near a border.
borderer: A soldier of a border regiment in the British Army (Border Regiment, South Wales Borderers, King's Own Scottish Borderers).
quietist: A mystic who follows quietism.
quietist: Someone who is not socially or politically active.
pteropid: Any bat of the former family Pteropidae; the fruit bats
fuse box: Alternative spelling of fusebox
momentos: Misspelling of momentoes.
sarcelle: The oldsquaw, a kind of duck.
jeropiga: A liqueur made from partially fermented malt or wine, found mainly in Portugal.
outremer: An area beyond the sea.
pliosaur: Any of several plesiosaurs of the family Pliosauridae, from the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.
solation: The liquefaction of a gel to form a sol.
promisor: One who engages or undertakes; a promiser.
quietism: A form of mysticism involving quiet contemplation.
quietism: A state of passive quietness.
hey rube: A fight between members of a circus and the general public.
hey rube: Any fight or conflict, especially a rowdy and informal one.
yottaton: A measure of the strength of an explosion or a bomb, based on how many septillion tons of TNT would be needed to produce the same energy.
zettaton: A measure of the strength of an explosion or a bomb based on how many sextillion tons of TNT would be needed to produce the same energy.
chitosan: An oligosaccharide derived from chitin, sometimes used in the absorption of fat
epibiont: Any organism that lives on the surface of another living organism
citrange: Citrus × insitorum, a hybrid of the sweet orange and the trifoliate orange.
inoculum: The active material used in an inoculation; an inoculant (i.e., a material or a dose thereof).
pattress: Alternative spelling of patress
cheeslaw: Alternative form of cheese slaw
milk pan: A small type of saucepan, with a lip for aiding pouring, used for heating milk.
nanopore: A pore, of nanometre dimensions, in a membrane
parranda: A Venezuelan genre of music with African influences and drumming.
corrigen: A particular steroid glycoside.
arbuscle: A plant midway in height between a shrub and a tree; a dwarf tree.
arbuscle: A branched hypha in some fungi.
arbuscle: The site at which a symbiotic fungus attaches to the roots of a plant and exchanges nutrients, etc., with it.
arbuscle: A clump of feather-like cilia (hairlike structures).
quintile: Any of the quantiles which divide an ordered sample population into five equally numerous subsets.
quintile: A subset thus obtained.
quintile: An aspect of planets that are distant from each other by one fifth of a zodiac (72°)
sepiolid: Any of the order Sepiolida of bobtail squids.
cascaron: An eggshell filled with confetti to be thrown during balls, carnivals, etc, chiefly in Mexico and the southwestern US.
exahertz: A unit of measurement based on one quintillion hertz.
exahertz: One quintillion hertz, 10¹⁸ Hz.
mascaron: A carved, ornamental face, usually human, sometimes frightening or chimeric whose alleged function was originally to frighten away evil spirits so that they would not enter the building.
geophily: The property of spending a stage of life underground.
geophily: The property of bearing flowers and fruit at or below ground level.
bongoing: The playing of the bongo.
banjoing: The act of playing the banjo.
encierro: A bull run, usually one held in Spain.
openside: The space on the side of the pitch with the larger distance between the breakdown/set piece and the touchline.
openside: Short for openside flanker.
misprize: Contempt.
simonist: One who engages in simony, the purchase of church offices.
backline: Alternative form of back line
cottabus: An ancient game played by throwing wine at metal disks or pans, trying to knock them down or make them sink in a basin of water.
prolamin: Any of a group of plant storage proteins that have a high proline content, found in cereals.
postbase: A morpheme used as a suffix following either a base or another postbase.
elenchus: A technique of argument associated with Socrates wherein the arguer asks the interlocutor to agree with a series of premises and conclusions, ending with the arguer's intended point.
generant: That which generates.
generant: A generatrix.
fourneau: The chamber of a mine in which the powder is placed.
toxilogy: Misspelling of toxicology.
spasming: A spasm.
companie: Obsolete spelling of company
folivore: A herbivore that eats mostly foliage.
good job: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see good, job.
good job: a good thing.
jepoardy: Misspelling of jeopardy.
no-hoper: Someone or something that has no hope of success.
flapgate: Alternative spelling of flap gate
dictyate: A resting stage in the development of oocytes, during the meiotic prophase
ark clam: Any of the small to large-sized edible saltwater clams in the family Arcidae.
notothen: Any fish of the family Nototheniidae of cod icefishes.
oogonium: An immature ovarian egg within a developing fetus.
oogonium: A sac (the female gametangium) containing oospheres in algae or fungi.
mejorana: Synonym of mejoranera (“musical instrument”)
thiazide: Any of a class of sulfur-containing drugs that increase the excretion of sodium and chloride and are used as diuretics and to assist in lowering the blood pressure.
pathline: The path taken by an individual fluid particle over a given time period.
zero-day: vulnerability that has been discovered recently, and is yet unpatched or unmitigated; zero-day vulnerability
plateway: An early form of railway using L-shaped iron rails.
ruralite: A person who lives in the country.
hostmask: On IRC, a partial address that matches a number of hosts.
blogroll: A blogger's list of hyperlinks to other blogs that he/she recommends.
cabezone: Alternative spelling of cabezon
lazy eye: amblyopia
tagboard: A small message board on a webpage, usually located in the sidebar, where visitors can leave a name and short message.
tagboard: Synonym of oaktag
gob iron: A simple harmonica
Olympism: A spirit or ideals of the Olympic Games
Olympism: The advocacy or promotion of these principles
one-stop: A wholesaler serving the music industry.
winching: The application of a winch.
barology: The science of gravity or weight.
muckworm: A larva living in mud or manure.
muckworm: Someone who gathers wealth through overwork of employees and sordid means; a miser.
instaban: An immediate ban.
adustion: The act of burning, or heating to dryness; the state of being thus heated or dried.
adustion: Cauterization.
egg case: A protective capsule that contains the eggs of some insects and molluscs
egg case: The leathery egg of certain marine animals such as sharks and skate
gamebird: Alternative spelling of game bird
nundinal: A nundinal letter.
chin-wag: Alternative spelling of chinwag
chin wag: Alternative spelling of chinwag
globster: An unidentified organic mass which has washed up on a beach.
K ration: Alternative form of K-ration
quadrain: Archaic spelling of quatrain.
frameset: A bicycle's frame plus the front fork.
frameset: The set of frames that constitute the layout of a webpage.
moganite: A crystalline form of silica that has a different crystal structure than that of quartz
firebird: A scarlet tanager, Piranga olivacea.
firebird: A Baltimore oriole, Icterus galbula.
firebird: A vermilion flycatcher, Pyrocephalus rubinus.
firebird: A magical and prophetic glowing or burning bird from a faraway land, which is both a blessing and a harbinger of doom to its captor
quackism: Behaviour of a quack; quackery.
metasoma: The posterior part of the body of an arthropod.
cooldown: The minimum length of time that the player needs to wait after using an ability or item before it can be used again.
cooldown: The rest period between sets or workout sessions.
cooldown: Any rest period between sessions of an activity or event.
stand in: A substitute; a replacement.
cytosome: The cytoplasm within a cell; the cell outside of the nucleus.
cytosome: A type of cellular organelle which is enclosed by a membrane.
dungfork: A fork for tossing dung.
umangite: A selenide mineral, with chemical formula Cu₃Se₂, blue to red in color.
rum ball: A round sweet made of dense cake or biscuit flavoured with chocolate and rum.
zippeite: A hydrous potassium uranium sulfate mineral with chemical formula K₄(UO₂)₆(SO₄)₃(OH)₁₀·4(H₂O), forming yellow to reddish-brown monoclinic-prismatic crystals with perfect cleavage and formerly used in the manufacture of paint.
longclaw: Any of several passerine birds of the genus Macronyx, that have long hind claws
polarite: An opaque, yellow-white mineral with a metallic lustre, having the chemical formula (Pd,(Bi,Pb)).
limacine: Any slug of the family Limacidae
palinode: An ode or other poem in which the author retracts something said in an earlier poem; (loosely) a recantation.
lacertid: Any lizard of the family Lacertidae.
lacertid: A type of blazar (highly variable active galactic nucleus) that lacks spectral emission lines characteristic of quasars.
longline: gear consisting of a long and thick mainline, with baited hooks attached at intervals by means of branch lines called snoods (or gangions)
longline: A slackline which runs a considerable distance
levynite: levyne
spangite: a supposed mineral, now believed to be phillipsite.
headwork: Mental or intellectual labour; the use of logic and clear thinking.
bixbyite: A rare manganese iron oxide mineral with a black metallic appearance.
wellsite: The site where a well is located.
wellsite: A supposed mineral, later reclassified as a mixture of phillipsite with harmotome.
normalin: A supposed mineral, now believed to be phillipsite.
abhurite: A soft mineral composed of tin, oxygen, hydrogen, and chlorine.
infodump: Alternative form of info-dump
aerugite: A rare complex nickel arsenate mineral that forms green to deep blue-green trigonal crystals.
therapod: Misspelling of theropod.
fughetta: A short, condensed version of a fugue.
caridoid: Any of various crustaceans related to shrimp.
bivi bag: A bivouac sack
hawkmoth: Any of several moths, of the family Sphingidae, that hover over flowers when sucking nectar through a long proboscis.
codeword: A string representing an encoded piece of text.
codeword: A word or phrase (or by extension a concept) used to make a (concealed) reference to another word or concept.
codeword: A type of crossword puzzle where the letters of the alphabet are represented by numbers and the solver must identify them by their position and frequency.
logology: The scientific study of words.
logology: The study of logos (visual symbols or emblems).
logology: The study of words for recreational purposes with an emphasis on letter patterns.
logology: The study of words in search for divine truth.
makefile: Alternative spelling of make file
slambook: A notebook, passed between students or pen pals, for writing gossip or opinions.
slambook: An online guestbook of this kind, where each visitor is invited to write personal replies to a set of questions.
autofire: A feature on a joystick or gamepad that permits automatic firing, as though the player were repeatedly pressing the fire button.
Kool-Aid: A fad or ideology that is adopted unquestioningly, ignoring its hidden dangers or disadvantages.
florigen: a supposed hormone that causes flowering in plants
dygogram: A chart showing the horizontal variation in the magnetic force acting on a ship's compass needle by the iron within the ship, as a function of course steered
driftnet: Alternative spelling of drift net
fancruft: Trivial or excessively detailed information on a work of fiction added by fans to a general-interest wiki.
fancruft: Low-quality material (especially literature) produced by fans of a performer, group, author etc.
adamsite: An organic compound, diphenylaminechlorarsine, used as a riot-control agent.
zebibyte: Strictly, 2⁷⁰ (1024⁷, 1,180,591,620,717,411,303,424) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) exbibytes, as opposed to a zettabyte.
murderee: A murder victim.
dihybrid: A hybrid that is heterozygous with respect to two independent alleles
darkwave: A musical movement that originated in the late 1970s, combining elements of new wave and gothic rock with dark, thoughtful lyrics and an undertone of sorrow.
creepage: A gradual, creeping movement.
creepage: The leakage of an electrical current across the surface of an insulator (dielectric)
sborgite: A colourless sodium borate mineral with monoclinic crystals.
chaconne: A slow, stately Baroque dance.
chaconne: The music for such a dance, often containing variations on a theme.
sowbelly: Salted pork from the belly of a pig.
slapjack: A type of pancake, or flapjack.
slapjack: A simple card game similar to snap.
fanfaron: A boaster; a braggart.
yobibyte: Strictly, 2⁸⁰ (1024⁸, 1,208,925,819,614,629,174,706,176) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) zebibytes, as opposed to a yottabyte.
kamāncha: Alternative spelling of kamancheh
kamānche: Alternative spelling of kamancheh
coudière: Alternative form of coudiere
codename: Alternative spelling of code name
newsfeed: A feed, especially one providing news content.
xanthone: An aromatic ketone, 9-oxo-xanthene, that is used as an insecticide.
soffione: A fumarole.
bilinear: A bilinear function.
caresser: One who caresses.
fadoodle: nonsense
lip clap: A kiss.
shikaree: Dated form of shikari.
anamonic: A mnemonic used for recalling lists of words, particularly in Scrabble, consisting of a "stem" of base letters and an accompanying phrase, each of whose letters can combine with the stem to form an anagram of a word.
miaowing: Alternative form of meowing
yumberry: The yangmei, especially in commercial products where it is promoted as a superfruit.
dropwort: A perennial herb, Filipendula vulgaris, closely related to meadowsweet.
dropwort: Any plant of genus Oenanthe.
dropwort: Any plant of genus Oxypolis.
miriness: The state or quality of being miry.
biophore: Alternative spelling of biophor
podocyte: A cell of the visceral epithelium in the kidney
utrophin: A cytoskeleton protein homologous with dystrophin
bombykol: A pheromone released by the female silkworm moth, Bombyx mori, to attract mates.
pass-out: A ticket (or similar) allowing a person to leave (a theatre etc) and subsequently re-enter
junglist: A dedicated listener to jungle or drum and bass music.
epiphora: epistrophe
epiphora: Excessive tear production usually a result from an irritation of the eye.
epiphora: Polystachya (a genus of orchids).
barmcake: A barm (bread roll).
barmcake: A foolish person.
ca canny: Alternative form of ca' canny
waisting: That which goes at the waist (of a person, as on a garment, or of an object).
waisting: A failure in mechanical testing, where part of the testpiece becomes narrow.
polynome: polynomial
fishbone: A bone from a fish.
polyfoto: One of a series of 48 photographs taken using a Polyfoto camera; or a complete sheet of 48 such photographs; or the Danish-designed camera itself. The Polyfoto camera used a single glass plate negative, the operator turning a handle on the side to take each exposure and also move the plate. Popular in the UK from the 1930s to the 1960s, Polyfoto cameras were sited in department stores, and provided a low-cost alternative to professional portrait photography.
jackeroo: Alternative spelling of jackaroo
fascitis: Alternative form of fasciitis
affineur: One who ages cheese and purveys it.
fromager: A cheese merchant.
mountant: The medium used for mounting a slide
mountant: The adhesive used to affix a photograph to a mount
powderer: Agent noun of powder; one who powders.
unloader: One who or that which unloads.
frugging: The process whereby a product marketer falsely purports to be a market researcher conducting a statistical survey, when in reality the "researcher" is attempting to solicit a donation.
Chavista: A follower of Hugo Chávez or Chavism.
Jacobite: A supporter of the restoration of the Stuart kings to the thrones of England and Scotland in the late 17th century. [from c.]
Jacobite: A supporter of the restoration of the Stuart kings to the thrones of England and Scotland in the late 17th century.
Jacobite: A member of the Syriac Orthodox Church, or historically any miaphysite or monophysite. [from c.]
Jacobite: A member of the Syriac Orthodox Church, or historically any miaphysite or monophysite.
Jacobite: A follower of Henry Jacob, a 16th–17th-century Puritan theologian; an early Congregationalist.
anusvara: A diacritic used in Indic scripts as a nasal consonant.
valkyrie: Any of the female attendants of Odin, figures said to guide fallen warriors from the battlefield to Valhalla.
tail fin: Alternative spelling of tailfin
ventouse: A cupping glass.
ventouse: A suction cup-like device used on a baby's head to assist in difficult childbirths.
minshuku: A type of hotel found in Japan, a cheaper version of a ryokan.
berryite: A blue-gray opaque mineral, with chemical formula Pb₃(Ag,Cu)₅Bi₇S₁₆.
berthage: A place for mooring vessels in a dock or harbor.
backtick: The symbol `, resembling a reversed quotation mark.
troupial: Any of three South American birds of the genus Icterus.
troupial: Any bird of the American family Icteridae; an icterid.
bernacle: Obsolete spelling of barnacle
kirikiti: Alternative spelling of kilikiti
sanserif: Alternative spelling of sans serif
punkzine: Alternative spelling of punk zine
disczine: Alternative spelling of diskzine
girllove: Paedophilic or hebephilic love towards girls.
kilikiti: A variant of cricket, originating in Samoa and now played throughout Polynesia, with three-sided wooden bats and teams of no fixed size.
diskzine: A zine distributed on floppy disk.
tapezine: A zine released on audio cassette, containing either voice recordings or computer data.
betafite: A radioactive mineral in the pyrochlore group, having chemical formula (Ca,U)₂(Ti,Nb,Ta)₂O₆(OH).
fourties: Misspelling of forties.
zinester: One who compiles and publishes a zine.
down-set: Alternative spelling of downset
caneland: Land used for the growing of sugar cane.
mounding: A mound of material.
din-dins: Dinner.
RAM pack: A hardware module containing RAM for use by another device.
mocassin: Alternative spelling of moccasin.
clavecin: harpsichord
unfriend: One who is not a friend; an enemy.
bailment: Bail.
bailment: The handing over of control over, or possession of, personal property by one person, the bailor, to another, the bailee, for a specific purpose upon which the parties have agreed.
polegada: A traditional Portuguese unit of length, usually about equal to 2.8 cm.
graymail: The threatened exposure of state secrets in order to manipulate legal proceedings.
graymail: Email that is not technically spam (since the user agreed to receive it) but which is unwanted, such as newsletters after making a purchase.
wordpool: A random collection of words, used as inspiration for writing.
overvote: A case in which a voter has marked a ballot for more choices than allowed by the rules
overvote: A case in which more votes are cast in a voter's name than allowed under the rules
lube job: The lubrication of the suspension and drive train of a motor car.
embarkee: One who embarks on a vessel such as a ship or plane.
zaherite: A mineral, a complex sulphate of aluminium, coloured white to blue-green.
otoscopy: The visual examination of the inner ear using an otoscope
he-bitch: A man who behaves obnoxiously or promiscuously; a male bitch.
puppadom: Veryrare spelling of papadam.
poppadom: Alternative spelling of papadam
panipuri: A form of fried puff-pastry balls filled with a watery mixture of tamarind, chili, chaat masala, potato, onion and chickpeas, from India and Pakistan.
bail-out: Alternative spelling of bailout
hydranth: An individual polyp of a hydroid colony
versicle: In poetry and songs, particularly hymns, one of a series of lines that are shorter than a standard line of verse.
versicle: In liturgy, the verse said by the officiant.
seamouse: Polychaete worm of genus Aphrodita, especially (Aphrodita aculeata), found in the North Atlantic and in European seas.
yeartide: A specific time of year; season.
yeartide: A specific time each year; anniversary.
hypodigm: A sample from which the characters of a population are to be inferred.
Cheaster: An individual who attends religious services only twice a year, at Christmas and Easter.
hair tie: A circular piece of elastic used to hold hair in place.
verjuice: A very acidic juice made by pressing unripe grapes.
felt-tip: A felt-tip pen.
jaffeite: A hydrated calcium silicate mineral with chemical formula Ca₆Si₂O₇(OH)₆.
hauynite: Alternative form of haüynite
waxberry: The bayberry.
waxberry: The snowberry.
waxberry: The yangmei.
pesthole: A place where a contagious disease is present or likely
harrying: The act of one who harries or harasses.
hircarra: Alternative form of harkara
armoring: Alternative form of armouring
hirrawem: Obsolete form of ihram.
mulcting: The imposition of a fine or penalty.
hurlwind: whirlwind
crisping: A crisp, clearly-defined object that exists within a more vaguely defined object.
crisping: A process of curling or forming into ringlets.
glooming: Twilight of morning or evening; the gloaming.
glooming: Gloomy behaviour; melancholy.
torsades: Abbreviation of torsades de pointes.
smallage: Celery in its wild uncultivated form.
gaffling: A planning technique for orienteering relay courses whereby individual routes are planned so as to vary slightly and to make following difficult. This means that the competition depends more on navigational skills rather than just physical ability.
reversis: An old trick-taking card game, popular with the French aristocracy in the 17th and 18th centuries.
nundines: Alternative form of nundine.
farecard: A card that is paid for in advance and can be used as fare on mass transit: this is printed on or magnetized.
duettino: A duet of short extent and concise form.
hobbyism: An interest in hobbies.
wet cell: Any electrochemical cell whose electrolyte is a liquid.
dry cell: Any electrochemical cell whose electrolyte is a solid or stiff paste
muricide: mouse-killing in rats.
homarine: A metabolite found in many molluscs.
railcard: A card allowing reduced fares for travelling by train.
mbaqanga: A style of South African music, with rural Zulu roots and a jazz influence, that originated in the 1960s.
gingilli: sesame oil
monosomy: A genetic disorder with the presence of only one chromosome (instead of the typical two in humans) from a pair.
docusate: Synonym of docusate sodium.
Kittsian: Somebody from Saint Kitts or of Kittsian descent.
sackload: Sackful.
cyanopia: Alternative form of cyanopsia
sprawler: Someone or something which sprawls; agent noun of sprawl
metablog: A blog about blogs.
noselite: A rare fluorescent isometric feldspathoid mineral.
toponium: Any hypothetical meson formed from a top quark and its antiquark; would be very unstable because of the large mass of the top quark
high bit: The most significant bit in the binary representation of a number, sometimes used to record the sign of the number.
kamaboko: Any of various processed seafood products made from surimi, in which whitefish is pureed, formed into loaves, and steamed until firm.
wig head: A stand for a wig, shaped roughly like a head.
headwrap: An article of headwear in the form of a piece of cloth of any convenient shape, such as a scarf, a strip, a triangle, or a square, variously secured, typically by knotting.
manscape: A view of a group of people.
manscape: A landscape that has been shaped by the human race.
manscape: An image, normally artistic, of the male form.
falconet: A small or young falcon.
falconet: Any of various small, tropical Asian falcons of the genus Microhierax found in Southeast Asia.
falconet: A light cannon developed in the late 15th century and decorated with an image of a falcon.
ouvrière: A female ouvrier.
manouvre: Misspelling of manoeuvre.
allozyme: Either form of an enzyme specified by an allelic gene.
unboxing: The removal of something from its box; an unpacking.
unboxing: Automatic conversion of objects back to value types.
slumping: the result of a slumping movement, like that of a mountain
glueball: A theoretical particle composed entirely of gluons.
airstair: A set of stairs permitting entry to and exit from an aeroplane, typically built into a folding door.
Higgsino: The superpartner of the Higgs boson.
dystaxia: a milder or weaker form of ataxia
subchron: The time interval of a geomagnetic reversal event in the stratigraphic record.
skyrmion: Any of a particular class of topological soliton that can be used to model certain properties of a nucleon.
skyrmion: A type of topological soliton that occurs in magnetic materials and magnetic thin films.
cocculin: picrotoxin
run year: A year in which salmon return to spawn in a particular river
dustcart: A vehicle for collecting refuse.
amplicon: A piece of DNA or RNA formed as the products of natural or artificial amplification events, as in a polymerase chain reaction
intaking: The act of taking something in.
intaking: money received; income
swopping: Alternative form of swapping
swap out: Anything that is swapped out for another; an exchange.
swap out: A pre-prepared food item used in place of an unfinished food item in order to cut down the overall preparation time during filming.
psionics: Mental powers, especially those under conscious control, that affect physical matter, such as telekinesis.
toadying: The obsequious behavior of a toady; sycophancy.
deopping: The demotion of an IRC user from operator status.
bootable: A disk or other medium from which the system can be booted.
co-chair: One of a group of chairpersons.
goropism: A hypothesis that some modern or attested language, such as Dutch, Turkish, or Hebrew, was the original language of mankind.
goropism: An absurd etymology proposed as part of such a hypothesis.
tear-gas: Alternative spelling of tear gas
melittin: A peptide, containing 26 amino acids, which is present in bee venom and has been used experimentally as an antibacterial agent, especially against penicillin-resistant bacteria.
photoion: A cation produced through photoionization
plasmoid: A region of plasma held relatively stable within a magnetic field
superspy: A glamorous, important spy.
spanworm: A measuring worm or inchworm (Lepidoptera, Geometridae)
Klansman: A man who is a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
beamline: The line traveled by a particle beam in an accelerator
poulaine: A long, pointed toe of a shoe, a style fashionable in the 14th and 15th centuries.
poulaine: A shoe in such a style.
poulaine: Rare form of poleyn (“knee armor”).
trophont: The adult, motile life stage of certain ciliate protozoans.
bayadère: A Hindu dancing-girl.
silcrete: An indurated duricrust formed when silica is dissolved and resolidifies as a cement.
computus: The calculation of the date of Easter in the Christian calendar.
computus: A book of tables for calculating dates of astronomical events and moveable feasts.
remating: A second or subsequent mating
oceanaut: An explorer in a submarine.
oceanaut: Someone who lives or does scientific work underwater.
sallying: The act of one who sallies.
mealworm: The larval stage of the mealworm beetle (Tenebrio molitor), a species of darkling beetle.
sharping: The raising of the pitch of a note by half a step.
sharping: Fraud; trickery; the acts of a sharper.
swabbing: The act of one who swabs.
trending: A trend, or inclination in a particular direction.
froodite: An opaque metallic grey mineral containing bismuth and palladium.
DLL hell: Problems caused by incompatible versions of a DLL (dynamic-link library).
piewoman: A woman who sells pies.
grey hat: Alternative spelling of gray hat
rentback: The sale and subsequent renting of a property, as an alternative to foreclosure
off-flow: A flow from something (or somewhere) to something (or somewhere) else
off-flow: A channel or way by which surplus water can be discharged or allowed to flow off
iron ore: A mineral deposit from which iron can be viably extracted.
uprating: The assignment of a higher rating.
uprating: An upgrade.
proppant: Sand or similar particulate material suspended in water or other fluid and used in hydraulic fracturing (fracking) to keep fissures open.
rozenite: An iron sulphide mineral with chemical formula FeSO₄·4H₂O.
sawgrass: Any of several Cladium species, long sedges with saw-like sharp, serrated edges, such as Cladium californicum, Cladium jamaicense, and Cladium mariscoides
cruncher: A person or thing that crunches.
aheylite: A pale blue or green triclinic mineral.
mindfuck: Something that intentionally destabilizes, confuses or manipulates the mind of another person.
chappess: Alternative spelling of chapess
Bektashi: A member of an Islamic Sufi order.
tangency: The state of being tangent; an instance of (something) being tangent.
adscript: A feudal serf or labourer who is attached to an estate and sold or transferred with it.
adscript: Something written or printed immediately after another character and aligned with it.
binbashi: A major in the Turkish army.
binbashi: The holder of a former rank in the Egyptian army.
haremlik: A harem.
barbotte: A Canadian dice game akin to craps.
martagon: The Turk's cap lily (Lilium martagon). [from c.]
martagon: The Turk's cap lily (Lilium martagon).
ribgrass: ribwort; Old World plantain, Plantago lanceolata.
indenter: A device or program that indents
indenter: A tool or device used to make a physical impression or indentation
kamacite: A meteoritic mineral which consists chiefly of iron and nickel
komitaji: Alternative spelling of comitadji
neomycin: A broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic related to streptomycin that is produced by a streptomyces (Streptomyces fradiae) and used medically especially to treat local infections.
nonanone: A ketone derived from nonane, having the formula C₉H₁₈O
kourbash: Alternative spelling of kurbash
nucleoid: The irregularly-shaped region within a prokaryote cell where the genetic material is localized
proprium: A property that applies to all members of a species and only to them, serving to distinguish the species from other species within the same genus, yet is not part of the true definition or the essence of the species.
proprium: selfhood
B-bender: A guitar accessory that enables a player to mechanically bend the B-string up a full tone to C-sharp.
permeant: A substance which is able to pass through or into a membrane or polymer
ongaonga: The plant Urtica ferox, a nettle endemic to New Zealand with woody stem and large stinging spines.
caimacam: Obsolete form of kaymakam.
drumroll: Alternative spelling of drum roll
cacomixl: Alternative spelling of cacomistle (Bassariscus spp.)
sweetpea: Alternative spelling of sweet pea
honeypie: A term of endearment; honey, sweetie, darling.
selamlik: Part of a Turkish palace or house kept for men.
chemovar: Synonym of chemotype
sabotier: A maker of sabots (in the sense of wooden shoes), clog maker, clogger.
sabotier: A person who wears sabots.
shashlik: A form of shish kebab, originally made of marinated lamb meat.
adenylyl: A functional group derived from adenosine monophosphate, also known as 5-adenylic acid
chording: An arrangement of musical chords.
chording: The ability, using a keyboard or similar device, to enter characters or commands in the form of "chords" by pressing several keys simultaneously.
kerplunk: A sound of someone or something falling and landing heavily; a thud.
kerplunk: A disappointment which comes as a surprise.
intarsio: Alternative form of intarsia (“inlaid wood”)
suborner: One who suborns.
kavithai: Tamil poetry
coatomer: A soluble seven-protein complex which is a precursor of coat protein I (COPI), which plays a key role in Golgi apparatus vesicle formation
dohickey: Alternative spelling of doohickey
teriyaki: A cooking technique used in Japanese cuisine in which foods are broiled or grilled in a sweet soy sauce marinade.
teriyaki: A sweet soy sauce marinade.
build up: Misspelling of buildup.
sandshoe: A sports or walking shoe with canvas upper and rubber sole; a sneaker.
garmento: Someone active in the garment industry, especially in New York.
ichoglan: A boy servant recruited according to the devshirme system in the Ottoman Empire.
daphniid: Any water flea of the family Daphniidae
coldwave: A European style of post-punk music in the 1980s.
coldwave: The industrial metal music genre in the 1990s.
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: A fish in the family Sebastidae, marine fishes that inhabit oceans around the world
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: A fish in the family Sebastidae, marine fishes that inhabit oceans around the world
rockfish: Sebastes, mainly of the North Pacific
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Acanthoclinus, a genus of fish from New Zealand
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Scyliorhinus stellaris (nursehound), a shark known as rock salmon when used in cuisine
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Hexagrammos, a genus of greenling from the North Pacific
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Hypoplectrodes, a genus of fish in the family Serranidae
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Salvelinus, a genus of fish in the salmon family
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: A stonefishes (genus Synanceia), venomous fishes from the Indo-Pacific
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: A striped bass (Morone saxatilis), a species of fish from North America
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Certain groupers, in the subfamily Epinephelinae
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Certain fish of genus Scorpaena, such as Madeira rockfish (Scorpaena maderensis), a common Mediterranean species
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: Myliobatis goodei (southern eagle ray)
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: A logperch (Percina caprodes), also known as common logperch or log perch
rockfish: Any of a large number of different species of fish, which dwell among rocks, specifically:
rockfish: A long-spined bullhead (Taurulus bubalis)
rockfish: A black person who does not know how to swim.
pulvinus: A joint on a plant leaf or petiole that may swell and cause movement of the leaf or leaflet.
dimictic: Having two thermal overturns per year.
dimictic: Exhibiting dimixis, in which mating is governed by two idiomorphs.
Pekinese: Alternative form of Pekingese
silylium: Any cation formed by a silicon atom with three bonds, having the general formula R₃Si⁺
esthesia: Alternative spelling of aesthesia
hip pack: fanny pack (US), bum bag (Britain)
esthesis: Elemental awareness of sensory stimulation.
chartism: The practices and methodologies of chartists.
passband: The range of frequencies or wavelengths that can pass through a filter without being reduced in amplitude.
guanylyl: A functional group derived from guanosine monophosphate, also known as guanylic acid
chartist: A financial analyst who attempts to predict future movements in the prices of shares or other financial instruments by looking for patterns in charts of historical data.
subclone: A clone or descendant of a mutant occurring in a previous clone
subclone: A partial segment of DNA, cloven from a previously-cloned segment, which is then cloned into another vector
decaline: A particular alkaloid found in plants of the family Lythraceae.
kingbolt: The main bolt of a structure, especially the bolt in a motor vehicle that links the chassis to the axle, providing the steering pivot.
Rastaman: A male Rastafarian.
moderner: Somebody who lives in the modern age.
exakatal: An SI unit of catalytic activity equal to 10¹⁸ katals. Symbol: E
micropia: micropsia
causeuse: A sofa for two people; a love seat or tête-à-tête.
ponerine: Any ant in the subfamily Ponerinae
bird-dog: Alternative spelling of bird dog
teosinte: Any of a few species of maize-like grasses of the genus Zea found in Mexico, Guatemala and Nicaragua.
teosinte: Zea diploperennis
teosinte: Any of a few species of maize-like grasses of the genus Zea found in Mexico, Guatemala and Nicaragua.
teosinte: Zea perennis
teosinte: Any of a few species of maize-like grasses of the genus Zea found in Mexico, Guatemala and Nicaragua.
teosinte: Zea luxurians
teosinte: Any of a few species of maize-like grasses of the genus Zea found in Mexico, Guatemala and Nicaragua.
teosinte: Zea nicaraguensis
chargino: A hypothetical supersymmetric particle.
polyteny: The presence within a cell of polytene chromosomes (large chromosomes with multiple synapsed chromatids)
lanoline: Alternative spelling of lanolin
noonmeat: A midday meal (especially including meat).
horopter: For any system of binocular vision, a three-dimensional curve containing all points from which the light will converge into a single image.
Mandchou: Obsolete form of Manchu.
Cypriote: Archaic form of Cypriot.
brickman: A brickmaker.
brickman: A bricklayer.
brickman: A mason who specializes in brickwork.
Muscogee: A member of an indigenous people of the southeastern United States, also called Creek, many of whom were relocated to Oklahoma in the 1830s.
downstep: A downward shift of tone between the syllables or words of a tonal language.
herptile: A reptile or amphibian.
drop top: A convertible car, the roof of which can be folded down to form an open-top vehicle.
egg drop: The food created by dropping beaten raw egg into boiling water bit by bit.
bullrush: Alternative spelling of bulrush
bullrush: A headlong rush into something, heedless of danger.
antimoon: The hypothetical analog of the Moon, revolving around the antiearth.
zymogram: A strip of electrophoretic material on which enzymes are visibly separated through histochemical methods (e.g. by zone electrophoresis).
manicule: A symbol resembling a hand with the index finger extended, used to draw attention to or indicate something.
ballgirl: Alternative spelling of ball girl
insudate: Fluid collection within an arterial wall
diaresis: Alternative spelling of diaeresis
deterger: Any substance used for cleaning a wound.
messager: One who sends a message.
messager: A messenger.
maltster: A person who makes malt; a malter.
gigabase: One billion bases (nucleotides) as a unit of length of a nucleic acid
acetract: In botanical medicine, a vinegar extract of herbs.
patenter: One who obtains a patent on something; a patentee.
anamorph: The asexual reproductive form in the life cycle of any fungus of the phyla Ascomycota and Basidiomycota.
linefeed: Alternative spelling of line feed
diapente: The interval of the fifth or the harmonic ratio 3:2.
diapente: A composition of five ingredients.
traffick: Archaic spelling of traffic.
cinéfilm: Alternative spelling of cinefilm
dondurma: A Turkish mastic ice cream.
asperser: One who asperses.
cinefilm: Any of various obsolete film formats, including 8 mm, 9.5 mm, 16 mm, and Super 8, formerly much used for making home movies to be viewed on a projector.
cinefilm: A film recorded on this medium.
troponin: A complex of three regulatory proteins that is integral to muscle contraction in skeletal and cardiac muscle, or any member of this complex. The level of troponin in the blood is often used as an indicator of heart damage.
aplustre: An ornamental appendage of wood at the stern of a Roman ship, usually spreading like a fan and curved like a bird's feather.
symploce: The repetition of one word or phrase at the beginning and another word or phrase at the end of successive phrases or clauses.
footmark: footprint (an impression made by a foot)
telepath: A person with telepathic ability, capable of reading the thoughts of others around them.
totalism: A social, economic and/or political system in which some authority (e.g. the state or "the market") wields absolute power; totalitarianism.
totalism: A philosophy, ideology or belief system that is total in its scope, one that covers everything.
totalism: Totality; (the) entirety (of something).
totalism: Totalness, absoluteness; the characteristic of being absolute in nature or scope.
biocytin: An organic compound having the chemical formula C₁₆H₂₈N₄O₄S, formed by covalent bonding between biotin and a lysine residue
rondelle: A small circular object.
rondelle: One of the successive crusts formed on molten metal as it cools.
pipefish: A small fish of subfamily Syngnathinae in the seahorse family, having a long thin body covered with partially ossified plates, the head long, and the jaws elongated so as to form a tubular snout.
wigmaker: A person who makes wigs.
grandads: Misspelling of granddads.
sacculus: A small bag of herbs or medicinal substances, applied to the body.
sacculus: UK form of saccule.
hoummous: Alternative spelling of hummus
subcycle: A smaller or shorter-term cycle within a larger or longer-term cycle
luggable: An early portable computer, similar to a desktop computer.
luggable: An early portable computer, heavier than the modern laptop.
luggable: A portable computer that can be easily carried and moved, but cannot easily be used during travel.
diplopod: Any animal of the class Diplopoda: a millipede.
fox hole: Alternative spelling of foxhole
inflater: Someone who inflates.
inflater: A pump, canister or other source of pressurised gas used to inflate tires.
inflater: A cause of inflation.
limature: The act of filing.
limature: That which is filed off; filings.
szmikite: A soft monoclinic mineral with the chemical formula MnSO₄·(H₂O).
sideboob: The view of the bared breast, as seen from the side, either by design or by accident.
amulette: Obsolete form of amulet.
feijoada: A stew of beans with beef and pork, considered the national dish of Brazil.
tumultus: A commotion.
monobloc: A forging or casting made in a single piece, rather than being fabricated from components
lug bolt: A bolt pressed into the hub on an axle, with the threaded end out to receive a lug nut.
germband: The band of germ layers that forms on the ventral side of the embryo during gastrulation in insects.
ethidium: The cationic form of a polycyclic aromatic base, name 3,8-Diamino-5-ethyl-6-phenylphenanthridinium, whose bromide is used as a stain for nucleic acids
mutandum: That which is to be changed.
rôleplay: Alternative spelling of roleplay.
callable: An object of a type that can be called, such as a function.
callable: A callable bond.
videotex: Any of various early information retrieval services, such as viewdata and Teletext systems, that delivered pages of computerized text to users on request.
ensigncy: The rank or office of an ensign.
bejeezus: Alternative spelling of bejesus
slopping: Liquid that has been slopped.
viewdata: An information retrieval service of the 1970s and 1980s permitting subscribers to access a remote database and receive requested data on a video display.
meshwork: A net; an assembly of meshes.
resistin: A hormone secreted by adipose tissue
minigene: A gene segment that codes for a variable portion of the protein immunoglobulin.
decimole: An SI unit (symbol dmol) of amount of substance, equal to 10⁻¹ moles.
farmwife: The wife in a married couple engaged in farming; a wife who shares in the duties of farming, such as farm management, homemaking on the farm, fieldwork, sales and marketing, or other work.
farmwife: A farmer's wife.
Facebook: A personal web profile on the social-networking site Facebook.
cingulum: The girdle of an alb.
cingulum: A collection of white matter fibers projecting from the cingulate gyrus to the entorhinal cortex in the brain, allowing for communication between components of the limbic system.
cingulum: A ridge that girdles the base of an upper molar tooth.
cingulum: A distinct girdle or band of color; a raised spiral line as seen on certain univalve shells.
cingulum: The clitellus of earthworms.
misthrow: An incorrect throw.
misrhyme: A false rhyme.
pannexin: Any member of a family of transmembrane proteins found in vertebrates, homologous to the invertebrate innexins
elastane: Spandex, lycra.
rascalry: Rascally behavior.
rascalry: Rascals.
hardcopy: Alternative form of hard copy
diproton: A hypothetical particle consisting of two protons and no neutrons; a helium-2 nucleus. Presumably an intermediate step in the fusion of hydrogen into helium.
threitol: A polyalcohol with the molecular formula C₄H₁₀O₄, primarily used as an intermediate in the chemical synthesis of other compounds.
shadower: One who shadows.
filmgoer: Person who regularly frequents movie theaters.
stubbing: The act by which something is stubbed.
gonocyte: A long-lived germ cell responsible for spermatogenesis in males and oogenesis in females
sick pay: Money paid to an employee during his or her sick leave.
poppadum: Alternative spelling of papadam
puppadum: Rare spelling of papadam.
paintbox: A box used to hold an artist's paints.
paintbox: Computer hardware or software for creating or editing graphics.
plughole: The hole at the bottom of a bath, sink or tub, which can be blocked using a plug; a drain (US)
ferriage: Transportation by ferry.
ferriage: The fee paid for a ferry ride.
perisher: An annoying child, a brat.
perisher: One who perishes.
perisher: An extreme.
ecmnesia: A form of amnesia in which the patient can recall older events but not recent ones.
entryism: A political tactic by which an organisation or state encourages its members or agents to infiltrate another organisation in an attempt to gain recruits or to encourage an unelectable candidate
telesync: A bootlegged video copy of a movie, shot in a movie theater, often with a professional camera on a tripod in the projection booth, and with a direct connection to the sound source.
vinculin: A membrane-cytoskeletal protein in focal adhesion plaques, involved in linkage of integrin adhesion molecules to the actin cytoskeleton
escortee: One who is escorted
bar line: A vertical line in musical notation used to separate two bars or measures.
bar line: Synonym of crossline (“type of headline”)
designee: One who has been designated
postgame: A postgame show
foulness: The state of being foul.
keyclick: The sound produced by a keypress.
press-up: Synonym of push-up (“exercise”)
punchbag: Synonym of punching bag
punchbag: A tough bag, usually cylindrical, filled with air, sand, or other material, and suspended so that swings freely, which is punched or kicked when practising sports such as boxing or martial arts.
punchbag: Synonym of punching bag
punchbag: A person serving as an object of abuse.
localist: A person with local attitudes or interests.
localist: One who subscribes to localism, the belief that language functions are localized to various parts of the brain.
localist: One who subscribes to localism, an approach to understanding expressions in terms of position and movement.
intimism: A genre of art (or literature) involving the depiction of quiet, domestic scenes, usually of domestic interiors
pinosome: A vesicle filled with extracellular fluid, formed by pinching the cell membrane inward through pinocytosis
matrigel: Alternative letter-case form of Matrigel
highrise: Alternative spelling of high-rise
intimist: A painter or writer whose art is in the intimism genre
indument: garment, robe, clothing
indument: plumage; feathers
indument: indumentum
Matrigel: A gelatinous protein mixture secreted by mouse tumor cells, or specifically a plug composed of this mixture
notecard: A paper card on which notes are written, or which is intended for such use
subrange: A subdivision of a mountain range.
subrange: A subset of a given range or numeric set.
overscan: The additional area around the four edges of a video image, outside of the safe area, that is not normally seen by the viewer.
viewshed: The view from a particular vantage point.
creperie: A crêperie; a restaurant that specializes in crêpes.
bassline: The relatively low-pitched instrumental part of a piece of popular music.
bassline: A music genre, closely related to UK garage, that originated in South Yorkshire and the West Midlands in the early 2000s, having a four-on-the-floor rhythm and a strong emphasis on bass, with chopped-up vocal samples and a pop music aesthetic.
midrange: Alternative form of mid-range
freemium: A product that is offered free of charge and supported by sales of a premium version.
freemium: A business model that relies on offering a free version and charging for a premium version.
flamberg: Alternative spelling of flamberge
schelium: Alternative form of scheelium
hereness: The property of being here; existence, dasein
bit rate: Alternative form of bitrate
certamen: A team competition in which contestants answer questions about classical history, culture, and mythology, and the Latin language.
douching: A washing or irrigation with a douche.
snottite: A colony of single-celled extremophilic bacteria that hang from the ceilings of some caves.
isabelle: Synonym of isabella
colorman: Alternative form of colourman
diamante: An artificial diamond used as adornment, such as a rhinestone.
diamante: A diamante poem.
coalface: The surface of coal exposed by mining, or a part of a coal seam that is currently being mined.
coalface: The end of a drift, entry, or room in a coal mine.
coalface: A place where difficult or strenuous work is done.
coalface: A place where more tangible, practical, or direct work of an activity is done, as opposed to theoretical or managerial work.
vaterite: A polymorph of calcium carbonate, chemical formula CaCO₃.
autogram: A sentence that describes itself, in the sense of providing an inventory of its own characters.
midcourt: The area near the center of a court, such as a basketball or tennis court
homesite: The plot of land on which a house is or can be built
megadebt: An enormous debt
druglord: A person who controls a large network of people involved in the illegal drug trade.
midlevel: A medium level.
bellbind: Rutland beauty
jipijapa: A Panama hat.
jipijapa: The Panama hat palm.
changeup: Alternative form of change-up
swingman: A player who can swing between two different positions, often the small forward and shooting guard positions in basketball.
glovebox: Alternative form of glove box
postpunk: A rock music genre that followed punk rock and was more artistic and experimental, laying the foundations for alternative rock.
postpunk: A performer or aficionado of postpunk music.
snobbism: A snobbish attitude, particularly in relation to art or high culture.
tokyoite: A rare vanadate mineral.
landrush: An event in which previously restricted land of the United States was opened for homesteading on a first-come-first-served basis.
landrush: Any scramble for limited resources.
backbend: A move in which the performer bends backwards until the hands touch the floor or catches him/herself with the hands.
returner: One who returns from another place.
returner: One who returns something, such as defective goods.
returner: A player who runs back a ball which has been punted or kicked
nonstate: A sociopolitical entity other than a state.
buckrams: Alternative form of buckram ("ramson").
liveblog: Alternative spelling of live blog
upstater: A person from upstate; usually specifically a person from upstate New York.
best bet: The best proposal or plan.
diamanté: Alternative spelling of diamante
pistache: Dated form of pistachio.
carancho: southern crested caracara
plotline: The basic plot of a story or group of stories.
plotline: A group of stories sharing a plot.
coalmine: Alternative spelling of coal mine.
thanedom: The property or jurisdiction of a thane
dunkable: Any food item suitable for dunking.
firebase: An encampment designed to provide indirect artillery support to infantry troops operating beyond the normal range of fire support from their own base camps; a fire support base.
sageness: The property of being sage.
sellable: Something sellable.
nannyism: The behaviour of a nanny state.
swansong: Alternative form of swan song
bowl cut: A haircut where the hair is cut short on the sides and back and allowed to grow long on the top, as though only the hair not covered by an inverted bowl had been removed.
tabouleh: Alternative spelling of tabbouleh
femtobel: An SI unit of relative power equal to 10⁻¹⁵ bels. Symbol: f
atabrine: Synonym of quinacrine.
ersatzer: A proponent of ersatzism, the doctrine that possible worlds are merely abstract and do not have the same reality as the present world
subtable: A table of data corresponding to part of a greater parent table.
retaping: A second or subsequent recording onto tape.
reverser: Something which reverses a particular action or condition.
reverser: Something which reverses a particular action or condition.
reverser: A thrust reverser.
reverser: A mortgager of land.
reverser: A reverse-engineer.
megafarm: A very large, factory-style farm
ysterbos: Dodonaea thunbergii; Dodonaea angustifolia.
pen test: A penetration test.
cabriite: A grey-white mineral with the chemical formula Pd₂SnCu.
ringfort: An ancient circular fortification of earth or stone, found especially in Ireland.
abattage: The slaughter of animals, especially diseased ones to limit the spread of the disease.
abattage: The anchoring of the wheels of an artillery piece, preparatory to firing.
bluesman: a male blues musician
bayfront: The strip of land running along the shore of a bay
nonprime: A number that is not a prime number.
takehome: Alternative spelling of take-home
antifolk: Alternative form of anti-folk
snowmelt: Runoff from melting snow
talalgia: Pain in the ankle or heel.
minibond: A credit-linked note.
minibond: A relatively small bond issue.
insignis: The Monterey pine (Pinus radiata, syn. Pinus insignis).
talesman: The (male) author or relater of a tale; storyteller.
talesman: Someone summoned to a jury when a tales is awarded, to make up numbers.
livewire: Alternative spelling of live wire
secreter: Alternative spelling of secretor
shoegaze: Synonym of shoegazing
wackadoo: A crazy person; wacko.
disabler: One who, or that which, disables.
telemark: Telemark skiing, a method of skiing using the telemark turn and a binding that only connects the boot to the ski at the toes.
telemark: A telemark turn.
telemark: A telemark landing.
bistable: A flip-flop.
telopsis: clairvoyance
pastelle: A snack made of cornmeal filled with meat, all wrapped in a banana leaf.
salmonid: A fish of the Salmonidae family.
barghest: A legendary monstrous black dog, said to possess large teeth and claws, and (sometimes) to be capable of changing form.
barghest: Any ghost, wraith, hobgoblin, elf, or spirit.
guaiacol: A naturally occurring methoxy phenol, having certain medicinal applications
carbaryl: A white crystalline solid of the carbamate family, a cholinesterase inhibitor used chiefly as an insecticide.
icaridin: An almost colourless and odourless insect repellent.
propoxur: A carbamate derivative with the chemical formula C₁₁H₁₅NO₃, used as an insecticide.
palazzos: Synonym of palazzo pants
clubgoer: Someone who goes to a nightclub for pleasure.
wifehood: The quality or state of being a wife.
wifehood: The character or behaviour that befits a good wife; wifeliness.
superfan: An extremely dedicated fan
tethydan: tunicate
tetrapla: A text presented in four parallel versions, especially (historical) the version of the Bible presented in such a fashion by Origen.
moon rat: Alternative spelling of moonrat
licenser: Alternative form of licensor
parkgoer: Someone who goes to a park for recreation
king hit: A blow intended to incapacitate in one hit, often delivered without warning.
photofit: An image of a person constructed out of bits of photographs of other people; a facial composite.
bump-off: Alternative spelling of bumpoff.
superpub: A very large bar, usually in a converted building, that serves food and drink all day. It generally does not conform to the regulations of a public house.
breloque: A seal or charm for a watchchain.
Talyrond: A sphericity-measuring device, originally a trade name from Taylor Hobson.
beetworm: A larva of a moth of species Spodoptera exigua, an armyworm which is a destructive agricultural pest
Thespian: A person from the ancient Greek city of Thespiae.
Thespian: Alternative letter-case form of thespian.
skyscape: The view of the sky, often including the skyline
flackery: The aggressive public relations activity associated with press agents
servicer: One who services a loan or other obligation, by collecting receivables and carrying out related actions such as enforcement
armyworm: The larva of any of the genera Spodoptera and Mythimna of noctuid moths, which typically feed in large, destructive groups on food crops and grasses.
temporin: Any of a family of peptides isolated originally from the skin secretion of the European red frog, Rana temporaria.
temporin: A tarry secretion from the temporal ducts of a bull elephant during musth.
flensing: The act of one who flenses; the operation of stripping off blubber.
xylazine: A potent α₂-adrenergic agonist used for sedation, anesthesia, and analgesia in large mammals; it is also misused as an adulterant in street drugs.
tootling: The sound of a tootle.
long pig: Human flesh used by cannibals as meat.
icescape: An ice-covered landscape.
post box: A box in which post can be left by a sender to be picked up by a courier or postman (postal worker).
post box: A box or slot into which a courier or postal worker puts letters for a recipient to collect.
knock-up: A short practice session before a tennis match.
knock-up: Something constructed shoddily or hastily.
knock-up: A pregnancy.
lifebelt: Alternative spelling of life belt
kerbside: The side of the road, along which a kerb runs.
timelord: A person who has mastered time travel.
doneness: The extent to which a food has been cooked.
doneness: The property of being finished; completion.
pinboard: A notice board to which items can be pinned.
clifftop: The top of a cliff.
oleamide: An endogenous amide of oleic acid that induces sleep in animals.
flyering: The act of distributing flyers (leaflets).
syntaxin: Any of various proteins participating in exocytosis.
importin: Any of various karyopherins that move other protein molecules into the cell nucleus by binding to a specific recognition sequence.
quæstion: Archaic spelling of question.
seatback: The usually vertical portion of a chair or similar piece of furniture that supports the back.
seatback: A loose ornamental covering for the back of a sofa or chair.
pastette: Synonym of Pasteur pipette
hand net: A small net that is equipped with a handle and attached to a rim so that the net forms a pouch. This kind of net is used, eg, for trapping butterflies or individual fish.
red kite: A predator bird of the kite (Accipitridae) family, Milvus milvus.
chilopod: Any myriapod of the class Chilopoda, a centipede.
murrelet: Any of several species of small seabirds, in the genera Brachyramphus and Synthliboramphus of the auk family, found in the North Pacific.
rayleigh: A unit of brightness (of the sky at night) equal to 10¹⁰/4π quanta per square meter per second per steradian
Hebraist: A scholar who specializes in the study of the Hebrew language.
Hebraist: A proponent of Hebrew as the language of the Zionist movement.
by-catch: Alternative spelling of bycatch
linemate: Someone who plays in the same offensive or defensive line
midmajor: A college not affiliated with a conference that is one of the primary partners in the College Football Playoff
midmajor: A conference that is not a major conference
chatshow: Alternative form of chat show
lochside: The land bordering a loch.
uberdork: An extremely dorky or geekish person
turndown: A downturn.
turndown: A rejection.
turndown: The service of turning down the bedcovers and often leaving chocolates, etc., on the pillow.
turndown: A downward pointing extension to a vehicle muffler.
turndown: The operational range of a device
minizone: A small zone; especially one which is part of a larger zone
seedtime: The time to sow seeds.
seedtime: A time for new development.
overruff: An act of overruffing
tipsheet: A page or mailing of information and hints
imatinib: A drug used to treat certain types of cancer.
megajerk: A particularly objectionable jerk.
bellower: One who bellows.
bellower: A town crier.
misparse: An instance of incorrect parsing; a misparsing.
utopiate: A drug providing escape from the problems of reality, and giving dreams of utopia.
babyface: Alternative form of baby face
whupping: A beating.
whupping: A brutal defeat.
flipflop: Alternative form of flip-flop
arclight: A lamp that produces light by generating an electric arc across an enclosed gas.
soffrito: Alternative form of soffritto
campmate: Someone who is or has been in the same camp as another person; one's fellow camper.
wildtype: Alternative spelling of wild type
candyman: A male confectioner.
candyman: A male drug dealer.
semisoft: Any semisoft variety of cheese.
cabernet: Cabernet Sauvignon
pickfest: A period of intense or frequent picking (in various senses).
midprice: Synonym of midrate
airshaft: A vertical (or near vertical) opening (shaft) running from a courtyard to the sky, thus allowing air to circulate to high-rise apartments or offices.
airshaft: A passage supplying ventilation into a mine tunnel or other underground facility.
airshaft: A device used for handling winding reels in the processing of web-fed materials, such as in continuous-process printing presses.
nail gun: An electrically or pneumatically powered gun used to drive nails into a surface.
safeword: A word used in sadomasochistic sexual practices to unambiguously indicate that a participant actually wants the activity to stop and is not feigning a fictional lack of consent.
leg-work: Alternative spelling of legwork
leg work: Alternative spelling of legwork
Fedzilla: US federal government regarded as a rapacious monster with an appetite for political power, money, etc.
ostalgia: Synonym of ostealgia
ostalgia: German nostalgia for the era of East Germany.
ecofreak: A person with a passion for protecting the natural environment; an ecological activist.
plaudite: Obsolete form of plaudit.
smuggery: Smugness; smug behaviour or attitude.
damnfool: A contemptibly foolish person.
fairyfly: A tiny wasp of the family Mymaridae.
fair sex: Women collectively.
moneyman: Someone tasked with handling money, often specifically a financier
zotepine: An antipsychotic drug used to treat acute and chronic schizophrenia.
redhorse: Any of various ray-finned fish in the genus Moxostoma.
stovetop: The top of a stove; usually specifically the burners.
equative: A construction showing an equal quality. In English, this is normally formed using as. For example, the equative of happy is as happy as.
equative: A word in the equative form.
equative: A grammatical case in certain languages, including Ossetic and Sumerian, that indicates something is like something else. English equivalents include he was the same age as her and he looks like him.
caatinga: A sparse, thorny wooded area of northeastern Brazil containing drought-resistant trees.
greffier: A registrar or recorder; a notary.
pizzella: A traditional Italian waffle cookie.
pizzelle: Synonym of pizzella
peekytoe: Cancer irroratus, a variety of rock crab found in the coastal waters of New England.
camelina: The plant Camelina sativa, sometimes cultivated for oilseed
bavarese: A bavaroise (creamy dessert).
calandra: A calandra lark (Melanocorypha spp., especially Melanocorypha calandra).
rastaman: Alternative spelling of Rastaman
sand box: Alternative spelling of sandbox
sunglass: attributive form of sunglasses; used chiefly in phrases
sunglass: A convex lens of glass for producing heat by converging the sun's rays into a focus.
debunker: Someone who debunks.
massager: An instrument or device designed to massage the body.
massager: A masseur or masseuse.
windfarm: Alternative spelling of wind farm.
Atacaman: Someone from Atacama.
friulano: A cow's-milk cheese with firm pale-yellow flesh and a mild flavour, originating in Friuli, Italy.
stargate: A hypothetical device consisting of a traversable portal (typically a wormhole) that can send one to another location light years away nearly instantaneously.
slicking: A narrow vein of ore.
slicking: A whipping with a hickory switch.
longleaf: A longleaf pine, Pinus palustris, or the wood of this tree
cyberwar: Cyberwarfare.
cyberwar: A cyberwarfare war.
cramdown: A requirement that certain creditors accept a plan of reorganization in a Chapter 11 bankruptcy restructuring.
ponygirl: A woman, usually submissive, who takes the role of a pony; this typically includes wearing tack such as a bridle and bit
pricetag: Alternative spelling of price tag
cytospin: A form of centrifuge used to prepare cell samples for microscopy.
brainpan: The skull.
brainpan: The brain or mind.
Liptauer: dish or cheese spread made with sheep's-milk cheese, goat's milk cheese, quark cheese or cottage cheese, part of Hungarian cuisine
woodlark: A lark, Lullula arborea, the only member of the genus Lullula, found in western Eurasia and northern Africa.
Malayali: A member of an ethnic group in south-west India, traditionally, residents of the state of Kerala who speak Malayalam.
leaf gap: A gap or break in the central cylinder of vascular tissue within a plant's stem, caused by the extension of the tissue as a leaf trace.
modaraba: A form of financial contract in some Muslim countries in which the investor (rab-ul-mal) entrusts money to a financial manager (mudarib) and any profits and losses are shared between them in an agreed manner.
armagnac: Alternative letter-case form of Armagnac
lead-off: Alternative spelling of lead off
dollkind: All dolls, considered as a group
highlife: A genre of music that originated in Ghana in the early 20th century, blending elements of traditional Akan music with Western instruments and ideas.
highlife: A work or performance in this style.
morology: Foolish talk; nonsense.
morology: The scientific study of nonsense.
Italiote: A member of the Greek-speaking peoples of southern Italy before Roman times.
baclofen: A particular drug used to control spasms. It is a derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It is primarily used to treat spasticity and is in the early stages of use for the treatment of alcoholism.
gephyrin: A protein associated with synapses.
pushbike: A pedal bicycle, as distinguished from a motorized bicycle.
geraniol: A monoterpenoid alcohol found in the essential oils of rose, palmarosa and citronella
alternan: The glucan produced by the enzyme alternansucrase.
highpass: A highpass filter.
low-pass: Alternative spelling of lowpass
sproglet: A small child.
abundary: An overflowing, a cornucopia, an abundant source.
stickman: A simple drawing of a man with lines to represent limbs and torso.
stickman: A dealer in gambling who gathers the dice with a stick.
stickman: A player in a game played with a stick (such as hockey or lacrosse).
stickman: A person who makes confectionery by pulling candy onto a stick.
stickman: A pickpocket's accomplice who takes the stolen goods in case the pickpocket is searched.
stickman: A stick seller, especially of walking sticks.
stickman: A cocksman.
stickman: A drummer.
Savonian: A person from Savonia or of Savonian descent.
USP unit: A unit of potency of drugs, used in the United States Pharmacopeia.
statelet: A very small nation-state, or a region that acts like a nation-state
isochron: A line on a chart linking rock of the same age (as determined from isotope ratios).
isochron: A collection of points (such as a manifold), each point representing a set of initial conditions for a given dynamical system, such that every set results in the same long-term behaviour of the system.
airpower: Airborne military power; an air force.
empanada: Any of a variety of stuffed pastries found in Spanish, Filipino, and Latin American cuisine.
zemindar: Alternative spelling of zamindar
bloodred: Alternative form of blood red.
outgroup: The group of people who do not belong to one's own social group.
outgroup: In cladistics, all the taxa included in a study that do not belong to the ingroup that is of immediate interest.
ballgoer: A person attending a ball
ecosophy: Ecological philosophy, particularly of the type associated with the deep ecology movement.
hoveling: Alternative form of hovelling
whiskery: A whiskey distillery.
tar-boil: Alternative form of tar boil
shampers: Alternative spelling of champers
talkshow: Alternative form of talk show
use-case: Alternative spelling of use case
pinacoid: The face of a crystal parallel to two of the axes.
ma'abara: A type of refugee camp in Israel during the early 1950s, used mostly by new immigrants from North Africa and the Middle East.
maccaron: Alternative spelling of macaron
nonlocal: One who is not a local; a stranger or foreigner.
nonlocal: An identifier that is not locally scoped.
ma huang: Any of various plants of the Ephedra genus, especially Ephedra sinica, used in traditional Chinese medicine.
machilid: A wingless insect in the Machilidae family, able to jump long distances when disturbed.
machaira: Alternative spelling of makhaira
makhaira: A type of sword with a backwards curve, originating in Ancient Greece
antojito: Any of various types of snack or appetizer in Mexican cuisine, such as a torta or pambazo.
hepcidin: A hormone produced by the liver that regulates iron homeostasis in mammals.
melodeon: A type of reed organ with a single keyboard.
melodeon: An accordion where the melody-side keyboard is limited to the notes of diatonic scales in a small number of keys.
melodeon: A music hall.
Macanese: A member of an ethnic group from Macau of mixed European (usually Portuguese) and Asian (usually Chinese) origin.
nonelite: Any group that is not an elite.
poshness: The state or condition of being posh.
pokiness: The state or condition of being poky.
timebomb: Alternative spelling of time bomb
piecrust: Alternative form of pie crust
scripter: A programmer who uses a scripting language.
scripter: A scriptwriter.
Maccabee: A member of the Maccabees (a liberation movement in Israel who established Jewish independence in the Land of Israel in the second and first centuries BC).
cynodont: Any of several small carnivorous synapsids in the clade Cynodontia, ancestral to mammals and extinct close relatives.
Maconite: Someone from the city of Macon, in the US state of Georgia.
anniseed: Misspelling of aniseed.
macraner: An unusually large male ant.
micraner: An unusually small male ant.
Madagass: A negro slave of Madagascan origin.
crabmeat: The meat of a crab.
infoporn: Information which does not serve a purpose other than to hold the attention of its audience; information for information's sake.
biriyani: Alternative spelling of biryani
bombsite: A bomb site: a place where a bomb has exploded.
sandhill: A dune.
sandhill: A sandhill crane (Antigone canadensis).
nail bed: Alternative spelling of nailbed
bodyslam: Such a throw
bodyslam: A devastating blow against an opponent.
Madeiran: Someone from Madeira.
strobing: A brief flashing on and off, as of a stroboscopic lamp.
brandade: A puree of salted cod, olive oil, and milk.
telefilm: A film made for television.
boogyman: Alternative spelling of bogeyman
bluecoat: A pupil attending any of certain prestigious British schools having a traditional dress code.
bluecoat: A soldier or officer in the Union army during the American Civil War
bluecoat: A policeman
nonblack: A nonblack person.
Obamania: Alternative form of Obamamania
bucheron: A goat's-milk cheese from the Loire Valley in France.
nonproof: A failure to prove something; the absence of a proof
strander: a machine that combines thread (strands) into a cable
strander: a steelworker whose job is to guide bar stock from one milling machine to the next in a multi-step milling process
chambira: Astrocaryum chambira, a type of palm native to the Amazon rainforest, or the wood of this tree.
salvager: A person who engages in salvage work
domotics: Robotic technology for use in the home.
domotics: The automatic control of home appliances by electronic systems.
appellee: A respondent.
upgrader: One who, or that which, upgrades.
upgrader: A facility that upgrades bitumen into synthetic crude oil.
prepster: A student at a prep school.
prepster: A person who dresses or behaves in a way characteristic of such a student.
creasing: The act by which something creases.
creasing: A layer of tiles forming a corona for a wall.
phonebox: Alternative spelling of phone box
autobahn: The high-speed intercity highways of Germany and Austria.
autobahn: By analogy, any wide, high-speed road.
die-cast: A model or object made by this technique.
curbside: A location next to the curb
steeling: A strengthening with, or as if with, steel.
sweetbox: A slow-growing evergreen ground cover Sarcococca humilis with insignificant white flowers with a sharp aroma of cinnamon and cloves.
achillea: Any of various plants of the genus Achillea
barranco: A gully, gulch, or ravine.
orgasmer: A person who orgasms
noseplug: A plug placed in the nose, usually to prevent accidental inhalation of water when swimming
campness: The quality of being camp
boatyard: A place where boats are built and repaired.
boatyard: A shipyard.
non-plus: Alternative spelling of nonplus
cowriter: Someone who writes something together with one or more other people
tiebreak: A tiebreaker, a game or an extension to a game played to resolve a tied score.
popcraft: The art of composing or performing pop music
magainin: Any of the antimicrobial peptides isolated from the skin of the African clawed frog.
nonroyal: One who is not a royal.
coulotte: Misspelling of culotte.
rehabber: A person who rehabilitates buildings.
rehabber: One who is in rehab for drug abuse etc.
magatama: A curved bead from the Jōmon period in Japan, made from a variety of different gemstones.
doomster: Someone who predicts doom.
doomster: A judge; a deemster.
gumaguma: An outlaw who preys upon refugees crossing the South African border.
melodist: A performer or composer of melodies.
colature: A strainer.
colature: The process of straining.
colature: The matter that is strained.
buoyance: The state or quality of being buoyant
hausfrau: Alternative letter-case form of Hausfrau
bitchery: Behavior typical of a bitch.
transfat: Alternative spelling of trans fat
pomœrium: Alternative spelling of pomerium
supermax: A prison with the highest possible level of security.
heigh-ho: Colaptes auratus, northern flicker.
cockling: A young, small, or immature cock.
prewrite: A first draft of a script, etc.
prewrite: A write operation that is buffered instead of being applied directly to the database.
pomerium: The tract of land denoting the formal, sacral ambit of a Roman city.
groupoid: A magma: a set with a total binary operation.
groupoid: A set with a partial binary operation that is associative and has identities and inverses.
extremal: Any solution to a variety of equations in the calculus of variations
biomorph: Any non-representational form based on the shape or appearance of a living organism
biglycan: A small leucine-rich repeat proteoglycan which is found in a variety of extracellular matrix tissues, including bone, cartilage and tendon
binarity: The representation of something as a pair (or set) of binary oppositions.
whipworm: Any of the genus Trichuris of roundworms that infect certain mammals
whipworm: Any of the genus Trichuris of roundworms that infect certain mammals
whipworm: Trichuris trichiura, a roundworm, causing trichuriasis when it infects a human large intestine.
whipworm: Trichuriasis, infection by members of the genus Trichuris.
stomache: Misspelling of stomach.
stomache: Misspelling of stomachache.
booklist: Any list of books.
booklist: The list of books published by a publisher.
hindlimb: Alternative spelling of hind limb
granzyme: Any of a series of serine proteases that are released by cytoplasmic granules within natural killer cells
laminite: Any sedimentary rock composed of very fine layers.
lipidoid: Any material having characteristics of a lipid
hindcast: A test of a mathematical model by using data from a past event.
lubricin: Any of a class of water-soluble glycoproteins that provide lubrication to articular cartilage.
banditti: robbers or outlaws.
kashruth: Alternative spelling of kashrut
shut-off: Alternative spelling of shutoff
minipump: Any of many small-scale pumps
ablastin: An immunoglobulin G antibody efficient against some protozoans, specifically Trypanosoma lewisi, by preventing reproduction.
gun club: A club for firearms enthusiasts.
nanobeam: A nanosized beam (structural unit, or stream of particles or radiation)
morphant: Any organism that has been treated with a morpholino to alter the expression of a gene
ookinete: The motile zygote of a parasite of the malaria mosquito that forms an oocyst in the mosquito's gut
stemcell: Alternative spelling of stem cell
subscale: A subdivision of a scale.
nanocage: A hollow nanoparticle
nanocage: cage compound
spikelet: A small, or secondary spike, especially one of many in the inflorescence of a grass or sedge.
biotoxin: Any toxin produced by a living organism
hominoid: Any primate (including humans and apes) belonging to the superfamily Hominoidea.
fishline: A fishing line.
double-u: The name of the Latin-script letter W.
double-u: Alternative name of the Latin-script digraph *UU*.
double-u: The WC; the toilet.
hayfever: Alternative spelling of hay fever
picocell: A wireless communication system covering a small area, such as a single office or railway station, often used to extend cellular network coverage to indoor areas where signals cannot easily penetrate.
listserv: A type of electronic mailing list, allowing for distribution of email to many subscribers.
amblyope: A person afflicted with amblyopia.
neo-noir: A genre of film that combines elements of traditional film noir with modern themes and visuals.
neo-noir: An individual film of this kind.
voladora: A small bus used for public transportation in the Dominican Republic.
gelsolin: An actin-binding protein that is a key regulator of actin filament assembly and disassembly.
blipvert: A subliminal or nearly subliminal advertisement displayed for a very short time.
vaccinee: The person who receives a vaccine.
bisamide: Any compound containing two amide groups.
graphane: An extended two-dimensional hydrocarbon, of general formula (CH)ₙ, derived from graphene by adding a hydrogen atom to each carbon atom alternately on each side of the plane.
corehole: The hole drilled to retrieve a core sample.
megadeal: A transaction of very large size.
megadeal: A deal offering exceptional value for money.
narrater: Alternative form of narrator
spycraft: The skills and techniques employed by spies.
covarion: concomitantly variable codon
capicola: A traditional Neapolitan-Italian cold cut made from pork shoulder or neck and dry-cured whole.
pupation: The act or process of pupating.
suffrago: The joint between the tibia and tarsus, such as the hock of a horse's hind leg or the heel of a bird.
cytotype: An individual of a species that has a different chromosomal factor to another (e.g. haploid versus diploid).
kermesse: Alternative form of kirmess
pure ego: Synonym of transcendental ego
probleme: Obsolete form of problem.
paillard: A slice of meat pounded thin and grilled.
paillard: Alternative form of palliard
degrowth: A negative growth (i.e. a reduction) of an economy or a population
degrowth: A political, economic, and social movement based on ecological economics and anticonsumerist and anticapitalist ideas.
pummeler: One who pummels (someone or something)
Pindaric: An ode of an irregular form erroneously derived from Pindar, popular in the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
aircrane: A heavy-lift helicopter
vitellin: A protein found in egg yolk.
reggiano: parmesan cheese
railyard: A group of connected railroad tracks used for storing and sorting railroad equipment.
duetting: The singing or playing of a duet.
brushbar: A rotating bar with brushlike bristles, used in certain cleaning appliances.
galloper: One who gallops.
galloper: An aide-de-camp.
galloper: A racehorse.
galloper: A carousel or roundabout (especially in the plural)
galloper: A carriage on which very small guns were formerly mounted, the gun resting on the shafts, without a limber.
galloper: The Chinamanfish, a type of snapper
twin-cam: Alternative form of twincam
live one: Someone who is easily fooled, victimized, or ridiculed.
live one: Someone who is eccentric, nonconformist, or otherwise peculiar.
live one: A person, thing, or situation which is particularly interesting, noteworthy, or urgent.
handwell: A small manhole.
eucalypt: Any tree of the genus Eucalyptus.
eucalypt: Any tree of the tribe Eucalypteae of genera related and similar to Eucalyptus, such as Corymbia and Angophora.
rugelach: A type of Jewish pastry, which may be filled with various fruit, nuts, chocolate, etc.
Sartrean: A follower of Sartre
sweatbox: Any box or boxlike structure used to induce sweating, such as of hides or tobacco
sweatbox: A jail cell.
sweatbox: A compartment in a police van to hold a prisoner being transported.
sweatbox: A small overheated cell or room used for solitary confinement or torture.
sweatbox: A small nightclub packed to capacity where people get hot and sweaty.
sweatbox: The room where a scene is reviewed.
sweatbox: The review process that takes place in a sweat box.
dikinase: Any kinase that transfers two phosphate groups
pedogamy: Alternative spelling of paedogamy
arthouse: Alternative spelling of art house
neckyoke: A yoke which touches or surrounds the carrier's neck, rather than just resting on the shoulders.
docosane: Any alkane having 22 carbon atoms, but especially n-docosane CH₃(CH₂)₂₀CH₃.
endplate: A modified muscle fibre in the form of a flattened discoid at a neuromuscular junction.
endoglin: A glycoprotein located on the surface of cells
eclosion: The emergence of an insect from the pupa case, or of a larva from the egg.
wireworm: The larva of the click beetle.
departee: One who has departed from a place or group.
windslab: Snow that peels off in large slabs when disturbed, increasing the risk of avalanche.
Ultonian: A native or inhabitant of Ulster; an Ulsterman
dentelle: An ornamental tooling like lace.
teardown: A well-maintained structure purchased and torn down to make way for a new structure.
teardown: The process of opening and disassembling a device to inspect or showcase its components.
negatron: The electron.
bisimide: Any compound containing two imide groups.
arrestin: Any of a group of proteins that regulate signal transduction within cells.
horoball: A horosphere together with the space above it.
megabuck: A million dollars.
base hit: A successful hit in which the batter safely reaches base
eritoran: A synthetic lipid analog used as a therapeutic agent against sepsis
luminant: An illuminating agent.
insister: One who insists.
expansin: Any of a family of non-enzymatic proteins, found in plant cell walls, that have many functions related to growth
autoharp: A string instrument having a series of chord bars attached to dampers (muting bars) which mute all the strings other than those that form the desired chord.
ski lift: A device that transports skiers up a mountain.
exportin: A protein that transports other cargo proteins from the nucleus of a cell to the cytoplasm.
forkhead: A sequence of amino acids that forms a motif, in FOX proteins, that binds to DNA.
forkhead: The forked end of a rod in a knuckle joint or similar.
forkhead: An arrow with a barbed tip.
forkhead: Euphemistic form of fuckhead.
minicamp: A short training session for members of a professional sports team, held before the main preseason training
prestart: The countdown immediately before the start of a race.
branzino: The European seabass, Dicentrarchus labrax.
multimap: A data structure that maps a single key to multiple values.
anagrind: Part of a cryptic crossword clue indicating that the letters of another word or phrase in the clue should be anagrammed.
underbar: A bar placed under a symbol.
riesling: Alternative letter-case form of Riesling
Visigoth: Any member of an ancient East Germanic tribe, one branch of the Goths (the Ostrogoths being the other), which participated in several wars with Rome and established a kingdom with Toulouse for its capital.
glucosyl: The univalent radical derived from the hemiacetal form of glucose.
wireline: A landline.
wireline: A wire that runs from a drill rig down into the drill hole to support a dead load or other downhole tool.
drawcard: Something that attracts customers, visitors, spectators, etc. to a place or an event.
guideway: A track along which something is guided, such as a component in a machine, or an automated transit vehicle.
haloacid: Any halogen derivative of a carboxylic acid (but especially 2-chloro-carboxylic acids that are active in cell biology).
bootlick: A toady or sycophant.
hitmaker: A musician who frequently produces hits; a star
homeware: Furnishings for the home, such as furniture and cushions.
schooler: A student, or in some cases member, of a particular type of school or schooling.
schooler: One who provides schooling; a teacher.
valentia: Alternative form of valencia
prehuman: One of the human-like creatures prior to Homo sapiens.
basepath: The grassless ways around the baseball diamond on which runners advance.
basepath: The path between two adjacent bases, such as between the first and the second base.
icefield: Alternative spelling of ice field
imposure: The act of imposing.
buzzworm: rattlesnake
barometz: A purported zoophyte, half-animal and half-plant, said to grow in the form of a sheep.
barometz: The golden chicken fern or woolly fern (Cibotium barometz), the rhizomes of which are covered in furry brown hair; the legend (sense 1) is supposed to have arisen because, when inverted, the rhizomes with stalks growing out of them resemble lambs.
Baconian: One who adheres to the philosophy of Francis Bacon.
Baconian: One who believes that Francis Bacon wrote the plays attributed to William Shakespeare.
invertor: That which inverts.
invertor: Any muscle that turns a body part inwards.
invertor: A device that converts direct current into alternating current.
midtempo: A medium tempo.
godspeed: Alternative letter-case form of Godspeed
e-reader: A hardware device used to read e-books.
bukshish: Alternative spelling of baksheesh
viognier: A type of white wine-producing grape.
amikacin: A semisynthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic that is derived from kanamycin and is administered intravenously or intramuscularly in the form of its sulfate C₂₂H₄₃N₅O₁₃·2 H₂SO₄ to treat serious bacterial infections.
stropper: One who or that which strops.
haxonite: An iron nickel carbide mineral.
avoidant: A person who exhibits avoidance.
nailhead: The head of a nail.
tapenade: A Provençal dish consisting of puréed or finely chopped olives, capers, anchovies, and olive oil, usually eaten with bread as an hors d'œuvre.
beadwork: Decorative work involving beads.
dyskerin: A human gene, Dyskeratosis congenita 1, a small nucleolar ribonucleoprotein in which mutations are responsible for Zinsser-Cole-Engman syndrome.
sittella: A small passerine bird of the family Neosittidae, found in Australasia.
megaplex: A large, multi-screen cinema
adzebill: Either of two bird species of the extinct family †Aptornithidae, once endemic to New Zealand.
microcar: A very compact car.
midstage: An intermediate stage, between beginning and completion
ballclub: A baseball team.
makeable: A very small uncut diamond.
lowlight: A particularly unfavorable or mediocre moment or aspect.
lowlight: In hairstyling, a highlight in a darker color rather than a lighter one.
oxpecker: Either of two species of passerine bird in the genus Buphagus, in the monotypic family Buphagidae, endemic to sub-Saharan African savannah.
muscadet: A white grape grown chiefly in the Loire valley of France, or a dry white wine made from this grape.
exercice: Obsolete spelling of exercise
folk art: Craft traditions and values of various social groups.
folk art: Intangible art forms such as folk music and folk dance rooted in and reflective of the cultural life of a community.
folk art: Outsider art.
grimacer: Someone who grimaces.
bisteeya: A sweet and savory pie common in Moroccan cuisine, made with an outer layer of phyllo dough around a filling made of poultry, spices, and ground almonds
lovefest: An effusive exchange of goodwill.
lovefest: An orgy; a fuckfest
beltline: The imaginary line marking the upper end of the lower body of an automobile, running just below the bottoms of the windows
beltline: A beltway: a circular expressway around a city
tumpline: A strap used to carry objects tied to its ends by placing the broadened or cushioned middle of the strap over the head just above the forehead.
catechin: A flavanol derived from catechol (2R,3S)-2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromene-3,5,7-triol
expulser: An expeller.
mangabey: Any of several large, arboreal monkeys in the genera Cercocebus, Lophocebus and Rungwecebus of the family Cercopithecidae.
ranchero: a ranch or rancho worker
ranchero: A ranch or rancho owner
ranchera: A traditional Mexican song performed solo with a guitar.
ranchera: A female ranch or rancho owner
ranchera: A female ranch or rancho worker
rockfowl: Either of two bird species of genus Picathartes in the passerine family Picathartidae endemic to sub-Saharan Africa.
syndeton: The use of conjunctions or conjunctive structures to connect words, phrases, etc.
turnskin: Someone who can change their skin at will, especially into that of a wolf; a werewolf.
disarmer: A proponent of disarmament.
demerger: A partial or complete reversal of a previous merger.
demerger: The disposal of subsidiaries or divisions of a company.
midwater: The middle part of a body of water
midocean: The area in the middle of an ocean, far from shore
miniboom: A small, brief boom, such as in interest or demand
minitour: A short, often informal, tour
miniplug: The small connector used to connect portable audio devices to an output device such as a speaker or headset
hoopster: A basketball player.
retromer: A complex of proteins, first identified in yeast, which plays an important role in recycling transmembrane receptors from endosomes to the trans-Golgi network.
datebook: A book in which appointments are kept, each listed beside the day when it occurs.
subshrub: A low-growing woody shrub or perennial with woody base.
forceout: Alternative spelling of force out
baitfish: Small fish such as minnows that are used as bait to catch larger predatory fish.
baitfish: Fish that can be caught using bait.
mug book: A book containing mug shots, pictures of faces.
cheffing: The activity of a chef.
sidelock: A lock of hair worn at the side of the head.
sidelock: The design of a gun that has the lockwork mounted to the inside of a plate; compare boxlock.
cyberman: A human intertwined with electronic components; often implies the result is more electronic than biological.
clubface: The leading face of a golf club; the side of the clubhead that strikes the ball
clubhead: The head of a golf club: the part of the club that strikes the ball
castmate: Someone with whom one performs together, as a member of a cast.
clubmate: A person who is in the same club as another person
cimbalon: Alternative spelling of cimbalom
spaetzle: A heavy egg noodle or dumpling used in the cuisine of southern Germany and Austria
coeditor: One of two or more people serving together as editors of a work or project.
superhot: A very hot chili pepper.
braconid: Any of the parasitic wasps of the family Braconidae.
defensin: Any of a family of cysteine-rich proteins that are active against bacteria, fungi and viruses
handclap: A single clap of the hands
hypertax: An extremely heavy tax
pitchout: A pitch that is intentionally thrown high and outside of the strike zone in order to prevent a stolen base
nondance: Something that is not exactly a dance
cimbalom: A type of concert hammered dulcimer used primarily in the music of Eastern Europe.
poolster: A member of a pool, for example in financial trading.
planeful: Enough to fill an aeroplane.
cotinine: A metabolite of nicotine that may improve mental ability
weedhead: A person who smokes cannabis regularly, or to excess.
superhit: A very successful hit.
trialing: Alternative form of trialling
ball pit: A play area for children consisting of a pit filled with colourful plastic balls.
apiarian: An apiarist; a beekeeper.
editress: A female editor.
geophone: A form of microphone that detects and records seismic vibrations.
geophone: A percussion instrument consisting of a drum filled with pellets, played by swirling it around to produce a sound like shifting earth.
milkfish: Chanos chanos, an important food fish in southeast Asia.
geotherm: A geoisotherm.
headfold: A ventral fold formed by growth of the embryonic head
brigader: A member of a brigade.
brigader: One who engages in coordinated online harassment, disruption or influencing.
ionicity: The condition of being ionic.
ionicity: The extent to which something is ionic.
glutenin: The glutelin protein of wheat.
lobeliad: Any plant of the genus Lobelia
sfermion: A sparticle of the class of spin-0 superpartners of ordinary fermions appearing in supersymmetric extensions to the Standard Model.
chordoma: A slow-growing, malignant tumor arising from remnants of the notochord.
butching: The trade of a butcher.
indulger: One who indulges.
nanobelt: A nanostructure in the form of a belt.
myriapod: Any arthropod (such as centipedes and millipedes) of the subphylum Myriapoda.
tool bar: Alternative spelling of toolbar
nanoslit: A nanoscale slit
nanotwin: A nanoscale twin (crystal).
neuraxis: Synonym of central nervous system.
neuraxis: A subset of the central nervous system: i.e., the spinal cord, rhombencephalon, mesencephalon and diencephalon.
nonactor: Someone who is not an actor
submeter: A utility meter, especially for electricity, that allows for the monitoring of usage on a portion of a distribution network, especially not owned by a utility, past a main meter.
multihit: multiple hits (simultaneously, or on the same target)
tyramide: A tyramine derivative
subfloor: The floor structure supporting and underlying the visible flooring or other finishing surface such as a carpet
tokening: The act or process of marking or designating.
tokening: A token, sign, or proof.
tokening: That which a thing betokens; meaning, interpretation.
newbuild: A newly constructed building (especially one that is not yet occupied).
newbuild: A newly constructed vessel.
winkfest: A work typified by winking, either literally or in the form of ironic self-reference.
vocalism: Speaking or singing.
vocalism: The vowel sounds used in a language.
worksite: A site where work occurs; usually used in reference to construction work
vaccinia: An infection of cowpox.
vaccinia: The virus which causes this infection.
nonshock: Any event other than a shock.
woodrush: Any of several perennial flowering plants, of the genus Luzula, that have grass-like leaves.
magnetod: magnetism
occludin: Any of a family of plasma-membrane proteins located at tight junctions
magirist: Synonym of chef: A skilful or learned cook.
provirus: A virus genome, such as HIV, that integrates itself into the DNA of a host cell so as to be passively replicated along with the host genome.
landgirl: Alternative spelling of land girl
sclerite: A hardened body part, especially in arthropod exoskeletons.
helideck: A platform (on a vessel or offshore structure) allowing helicopters to land and take off.
inserter: A person who, or device that inserts.
inserter: A machine that inserts components into envelopes for mass mailing.
oestrone: Alternative spelling of estrone.
oestriol: Alternative spelling of estriol.
oribatid: Any of a group of mites of the suborder Oribatida
oryzalin: A selective herbicide used to control annual grasses etc. in food crops
blogpost: An entry posted to a blog.
bottarga: A Mediterranean dish of cured fish roe
spurfowl: Any of three species of bird in the genus Galloperdix, of south Asia, and of the numerous species of Pternistis, of Africa, of the pheasant family Phasianidae.
snowcock: Any of several species of bird in the genus Tetraogallus of the pheasant family Phasianidae, native to central Asia.
snowcock: A sculpture of a penis, made out of snow
curassow: Any of several species of bird in the genera Nothocrax, Mitu, Pauxi, and Crax of the Cracidae family, limited to the Americas.
liferaft: Alternative spelling of life raft
gloveman: A boxer.
gloveman: A fielder.
gloveman: A wicketkeeper.
coronial: A baby conceived or born during the COVID-19 pandemic, especially one apparently conceived during a lockdown.
craniate: Any member of the clade Craniata, having bony skulls.
paratype: A physical specimen (or an illustration) that is not the holotype but is considered the same taxon by the author of the holotype.
torchier: Alternative form of torchiere
agardite: Any of a group of copper arsenate minerals that contain varying proportions of several rare earth elements such as cerium, neodymium, lanthanum and yttrium.
pythonid: Any of the family Pythonidae of non-venomous snakes, distinguished from the boids by teeth on the premaxilla.
perforin: A cytolytic protein found in natural killer cells.
bikewear: Clothes intended to be worn while riding a bicycle.
peridium: The outer layer that covers the spore-bearing organ in many fungi.
handgrip: A handle.
handgrip: A covering (often rubber or foam) on a handle, designed to allow the user a more comfortable or more secure hold on the handle.
handgrip: A handshake; a way of gripping hands with another person.
handgrip: The ability to grip something with a hand.
handgrip: A grasp or grip; a close struggle.
fireback: Any of certain species of pheasant in the genus Lophura.
fireback: A piece of iron that fits into the back of a fireplace to distribute the heat and keep the brick from cracking.
cycleway: cycle path, cycle lane
pranking: A showy adornment.
pranking: The playing of pranks; tomfoolery.
phalloin: A toxic cyclic peptide obtained from the mushroom Amanita phalloides
pop star: A very successful pop musician.
openbill: Either of two species of bird in the genus Anastomus of the stork family Ciconiidae, with a distinctive gap between the mandibles of the closed bill.
gameshow: Alternative spelling of game show
hamerkop: Alternative spelling of hammerkop
nonparty: One who is not a party.
quizshow: Alternative spelling of quiz show
essikert: A refuse collection vehicle.
splenium: The thick posterior part of the corpus callosum of the brain.
correfoc: Any of several forms of parade-like celebrations in Catalonia involving pyrotechnics in the middle of a crowd.
logomach: Someone who argues about the meaning of words.
troilism: The practice of two people having sex while a third person watches (and may or may not take part).
troilism: The practice of three people having sex, i.e. having threesomes.
fishapod: Any of several extinct creatures of the subclass Tetrapodomorpha having features both of fish and tetrapods, especially Tiktaalik.
picketer: Someone who pickets; one participating in a demonstration or posted on a picket line.
octupole: Anything having eight poles or electrodes, but especially a kind of magnet used for controlling beams of charged particles
crateful: As much as a crate would hold
Earthman: A male inhabitant of Earth.
zonotope: A polytope formed by the Minkowski sum of a zonohedron's line segments in any dimension.
florikin: Alternative spelling of florican
lungwort: Any of various European plants, of the genus Pulmonaria (family Boraginaceae), that were once used to treat respiratory disorders.
lungwort: Any of several other, not closely related plants, used to treat respiratory disorders
lungwort: Hieracium murorum (in family Asteraceae, French lungwort or golden lungwort)
lungwort: Any of several other, not closely related plants, used to treat respiratory disorders
lungwort: Helleborus niger (family Ranunculaceae, black lungwort)
lungwort: Any of several other, not closely related plants, used to treat respiratory disorders
lungwort: Mertensia (family Boraginaceae)
lungwort: Mertensia virginica (American lungwort, lungwort oysterleaf, smooth lungwort, tree lungwort)
lungwort: Any of several other, not closely related plants, used to treat respiratory disorders
lungwort: Mertensia (family Boraginaceae)
lungwort: Mertensia maritima (sea lungwort)
lungwort: Any of several other, not closely related plants, used to treat respiratory disorders
lungwort: Verbascum thapsus (in family Scrophulariaceae, bullock's lungwort, cow's lungwort or clown's lungwort)
lungwort: Any of several other, not closely related plants, used to treat respiratory disorders
lungwort: Lobaria pulmonaria, syn. Stichta pulmonacea, (in family Lobariaceae, lungwort lichen, lung lichen, tree lungwort)
florican: Either of two species in the bustard family Otididae, Houbaropsis bengalensis or Sypheotides indicus.
highspot: highlight (significant event)
owedness: The state or quality of being owed.
schiffli: a loomlike machine used for embroidering patterns into lace
schiffli: the textiles produced on such a machine
mudbrick: Adobe brick; unfired brick made from mud or clay mixed with straw.
peatland: Land with peat soil, such as an active or former bog
twitting: The act of one who twits or teases.
picomole: A unit of substance equal to one trillionth (10⁻¹²) of a mole
jihadism: The ideological movement within modern Islamism that advocates armed jihad and hostility against non-believers.
boomtime: A period of fast economic growth.
pant leg: One leg of a pair of pants.
pinscher: Any of several breeds of dog.
sudation: Perspiration; sweat (fluid).
sudation: The process of perspiring.
guernsey: A seaman's knitted woolen sweater, similar to a jersey.
guernsey: The shirt worn by the players.
guernsey: (slang: as in "get a guernsey") [receive] praise, admiration, recognition, credit, etc
dummkopf: A stupid person; a dolt, dimwit, or blockhead.
giftware: Items designed to be bought as gifts
sandbelt: A dunal ridge.
sandbelt: An area developed from sand dunes; the region in Victoria is a well-known example.
footgear: sturdy footwear
fuschias: Misspelling of fuchsias.
red knot: Calidris canutus, a species of wading bird.
polytomy: A section of a phylogeny in which the evolutionary relationships cannot be fully resolved to dichotomies
sirenian: Any of a group of aquatic, herbivorous mammals, of the order Sirenia, including the manatees and dugong.
propofol: A sedating and hypnotic agent C₁₂H₁₈O administered intravenously to induce and maintain anesthesia or sedation.
endocast: A cast made of the mould formed by the impression the brain makes on the inside of the neurocranium, providing a replica of the brain with most of the details of its outer surface.
play-off: Alternative spelling of playoff
gooiness: Alternative spelling of gooeyness
lutefisk: A traditional Nordic dish made from stockfish and soda lye.
megamall: A very large mall (shopping centre).
taxifare: alternative form of taxi fare
sub nom.: Used in case citations to designate a case that has a different name before one court than it did before a previous court.
clavinet: An electrophonic keyboard instrument, an electronically amplified clavichord with a distinctive bright staccato sound.
osmazome: A substance formerly supposed to impart the characteristic meaty smell and taste to certain dishes.
nongamer: Somebody who is not a gamer; a person who does not play video games.
antinuke: One who opposes nuclear weapons.
synapsid: Any animal (including all mammals) of the class Synapsida.
nannying: Behaving with an excess of protective concern.
crapware: Software that is useless or of poor quality.
crapware: Unwanted software that comes pre-installed with personal computers or mobile devices.
ickiness: The state or condition of being icky.
ickiness: Something unspecified that is icky.
clubland: The part of a city where nightclubs are located.
clubland: The world or scene of nightclubs and people who frequent them.
butsudan: A Buddhist shrine, comprising a wooden cabinet with doors that enclose and protect a religious icon.
frogfish: Any of several benthic anglerfish, of the family Antennariidae, having a frog-like mouth with a lure.
frogfish: Any of the benthic ray-finned fish of the family Batrachoididae (the sole family of order Batrachoidiformes), which are ambush predators and have a toad-like appearance.
frogfish: Any fish of genus Lophius.
synapsin: Any of a family of proteins implicated in the regulation of neurotransmitter release at synapses
inflatus: A blowing or breathing into; inflation; inspiration.
maiasaur: Any of the species of herbivorous duck-billed dinosaurs in the genus Maiasaura.
backload: A load carried on the return journey of a delivery vehicle.
MiniDisc: A magnetooptical format for storing digital audio.
MiniDisc: A disk that uses this format.
MiniDisc: A MiniDisc player or recorder.
maieutic: Midwifery.
mailboat: A boat used to transport mail.
oxytocia: An unusually rapid childbirth.
yardwork: Work done in maintaining a lawn, and related landscaping activities
quadtree: A treelike data structure each of whose nodes has up to four children, most often used to partition a two-dimensional space by recursively subdividing it.
antiarch: Any of a group of extinct placoderms of the order Antiarchi
Modjadji: The Rain Queen, or hereditary queen of the Lobedu people of the Limpopo province of South Africa, held to have various special powers including the ability to make it rain.
labdanum: A sticky brown resin obtained from species of rockrose, used mainly in perfume.
jelutong: Dyera costulata, a tree of the oleander subfamily.
jelutong: The resin derived from this tree, once sometimes used in the production of rubber.
jerrican: Alternative spelling of jerrycan
clubroom: A room used for club activities
grenache: A specific widely-planted variety of red wine grape, or a wine made from such grapes
effecter: Alternative form of effector
platband: A border of flowers in a garden, especially along a wall; a strip of turf forming a border.
platband: Any border.
platband: A flat fascia on an architrave, or forming a border round a window, or a horizontal band along a wall.
platband: A fillet on a column, between the flutings.
platband: A flat lintel over a door or window.
koulouri: A bagel or ring doughnut shaped bread roll covered with sesame or sunflower seeds, often sold on the streets of Greece.
footbone: Any of the bones of the foot.
econobox: A small, unassuming automobile.
gabazine: A drug that acts as an antagonist at GABA receptors
germanyl: The radical GeH₃ derived from germane
germanyl: Any similar radical in which one or more of the hydrogen atoms are replaced by organic groups
imipenem: A broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic.
propenyl: A radical of propene (propylene).
gaywings: Polygala paucifolia, a perennial flowering plant with pink and white flowers.
midstory: The middle part of a story, neither the beginning nor the end.
immanant: A function or property of a matrix, defined as a generalization of the concepts of determinant and permanent.
fritting: The formation of frit or slag by heat with only incipient fusion.
foredeck: The part of the deck of a ship or boat that lies forward of the mast
boxscore: Alternative form of box score
lowrider: A vehicle, usually a passenger car, with its suspension system modified so that it rides as low to level ground as possible without dragging.
lowrider: The driver or a frequent passenger of such a vehicle.
lowrider: Attributive form of lowriders.
maistrie: Mastery.
make-out: Alternative form of make out
makomako: A tree endemic to New Zealand, taxonomic name Aristotelia serrata.
makomako: The New Zealand bellbird.
nonstory: Something that is considered to be not a real story, or not newsworthy
makimono: A type of Japanese hand scroll which unrolls horizontally, or laterally on a flat surface.
makimono: Rolled sushi; makizushi.
mashgiah: Alternative spelling of mashgiach
quayside: An area alongside a quay.
makiwara: A padded post used for hitting practice in karate.
playland: An area of free recreation
postrock: Alternative form of post-rock
sriracha: A Thai-style hot sauce, typically made from sun-ripened chili peppers, vinegar, garlic, sugar and salt.
portland: The land around a port
gypwater: water with a high level of dissolved gypsum which can cause diarrhea
bush-hen: Some species of bird in the genus Amaurornis in the family Rallidae.
quoining: The architectural elements, such as stone or brick, that form a quoin
waterhen: A species of bird in the genus Amaurornis of the family Rallidae.
seagrass: Any of various grass-like marine plants that grow underwater in salt water.
oncocyte: A large, granular cell, having many mitochondria, found in salivary and certain endocrine glands.
teakwood: Wood of a teak tree.
teakwood: An item of craftsmanship made from teak.
teakwood: A wooded area with many teak trees.
swamphen: Any of several species of bird in the genus Porphyrio of the family Rallidae.
paxillin: A signal transduction adaptor protein
weighman: A person whose occupation is weighing goods.
subtheme: A specific theme within a larger theme
binliner: Alternative spelling of bin liner
binliner: A freight train carrying household rubbish.
vicaress: A sister lower in order than an abbess or mother superior in a nunnery or convent.
vicaress: A female representative.
vicaress: The wife of a parish vicar.
perisome: The outer body of an invertebrate; the integument
fin-foot: Alternative spelling of finfoot
ass call: An unintentional telephone call made from a cell phone in a back pant pocket due to body movement or sitting down.
sungrebe: A species of aquatic bird, Heliornis fulica, in a monotypic genus of the family Heliornithidae, found in Central and South America.
ibisbill: Ibidorhyncha struthersii, a species of wading bird in the monotypic family Ibidorhynchidae, inhabiting the shingle riverbanks of the high plateau of Central Asia and the Himalayas.
pluronic: Any form of pluronic acid or similar block copolymer of ethylene oxide and propylene oxide
woodshop: A woodworking workshop.
woodshop: A vocational course or class in woodworking.
reed bed: A place where reeds grow.
probasin: A protein expressed in the epithelial cells of the prostate.
prominin: Any of a family of polytopic membrane proteins found in all animals
clafouti: Alternative spelling of clafoutis
wyartite: A uranium-bearing mineral that is greenish-black, black, or black-violet in color and is a member of the uranium carbonate group of minerals.
clerihew: A humorous rhyme of four lines with the rhyming scheme AABB, usually regarding a person mentioned in the first line.
kitemark: A certification symbol placed on products by the British Standards Institute, based on the letters B, S, and V.
kitemark: Any similar certification or, in colloquial terms, as a benchmark intended to indicate safety or good quality.
reupload: A second or subsequent upload.
malemute: Alternative form of malamute
tuckshop: Alternative spelling of tuck shop
keyspace: The notional space that contains all possible cryptographic keys.
keyspace: A NoSQL object that includes column families.
megaband: A particularly successful band.
minimill: A small mill, especially a steel mill using electric-arc furnaces only for steelmaking.
wirebird: The St Helena plover, Charadrius sanctaehelenae, endemic to Saint Helena in the South Atlantic Ocean, and the national bird of the island.
metasome: A segment of the body of an animal, generally the rearmost one.
metasome: A replacing mineral where one mineral grows in size at the expense of another.
squirter: One who, or that which, squirts.
squirter: A woman who can ejaculate.
squirter: A person, presumed to be hostile, who absconds upon the approach of (Western) soldiers.
tilefish: Any of the mostly small, perciform marine fish in the family Malacanthidae; an important food fish.
fat tail: A mass of fat stored in the rump of a beast as an adaption to heat and harsh environmental conditions or selection by man.
fat tail: The relatively high probability of a relatively extreme outcome.
fat tail: A tail of a probability distribution with significantly higher kurtosis than a normal distribution (which has kurtosis = 0).
fat tail: A tail of a probability distribution with infinite variance.
flavanol: Any of a class of flavonoids that use the 2-phenyl-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromen-3-ol molecular skeleton
baptisia: Any of various ornamental plants of the genus Baptisia
gribenes: A snack food in Eastern European Jewish cuisine, combining cracklings of chicken or goose skin with fried onions.
ladleful: A sufficient quantity to fill a ladle.
minimart: A convenience store
tenorist: A tenor singer.
tenorist: Someone who plays a tenor saxophone.
midmonth: A point in the middle of a month.
rachilla: The part of a spikelet, in grasses and sedges, that bears the florets
rachilla: A rachis of secondary or higher order in leaves and ferns that are compound more than once.
maligner: Someone who maligns
malihini: newcomer, tourist
squasher: One who, or that which, squashes.
liftgate: A hydraulic or electric platform that installs onto the rear of a vehicle and which may be raised or lowered in the loading/unloading of heavy cargo
liftgate: A closure at the rear of a vehicle, or rear door, that can be raised to access the back of a vehicle
showgoer: One who attends a show.
off-slip: A slip road by which traffic leaves a major road such as a motorway.
greenism: Environmentalism.
hatefest: Plentiful expressions of hate for something, or an event typified by such expressions.
polytype: Any of the types involved in polytypism.
polytype: A cast, or facsimile copy, of an engraved block, matter in type, etc.
polytype: In the Hindley–Milner type system, a data type containing variables bound by one or more ∀ (for-all) quantifiers.
eulogism: eulogistic language
clearcut: The area of the forest cleared of trees.
archiver: One who, or that which, archives.
flowcell: Alternative spelling of flow cell
railbird: A rail or similar bird
railbird: A gambler; originally specifically a horseracing enthusiast
realizer: Something or someone that realizes, or that brings about realization
prebuilt: Something assembled before it is sold.
piquillo: A specific breed of small, red pepper originally from Peru
nanoflow: The flow of fluid through a nanoscale device.
nonrival: One who is not a rival.
antipole: The opposite pole.
antipole: A position directly opposite (possibly also used figuratively).
bostanji: One of the imperial guards of the Ottoman Empire.
indictee: A person who is indicted.
bevvying: drinking (alcohol)
bostangi: Alternative spelling of bostanji
werebear: A shapeshifter who can change between bear and human form
trembler: One who, or that which, trembles.
trembler: Any of various New World passerine birds of the family Mimidae.
trembler: The vibrating hammer, or spring contact piece of a hammer break, as of the electric ignition apparatus for an internal combustion engine.
recensus: A repeat census
moonroof: A sunroof that has a clear glass panel, rather than being opaque, so that light can enter the vehicle even when the roof is closed.
mall rat: Someone who frequently loiters in a shopping mall.
racewear: Clothing to be worn while racing.
coloboma: An abnormal hole present from birth in one of the structures of the eye, such as the lens, eyelid, or retina.
labeller: Alternative spelling of labeler
refueler: One who refuels.
overtype: A feature in wordprocessing whereby each typed character replaces the character after the cursor rather than being inserted before it.
overtype: A kind of steam wagon having the engine above the cab.
nonskier: A person who is not a skier.
copyshop: Alternative spelling of copy shop
keiretsu: A set of Japanese companies with interlocking business relationships and shareholdings.
bibimbop: Alternative spelling of bibimbap
upsizing: The act or process of something being upsized.
auxology: The study of growth
distopia: Misspelling of dystopia.
reinjury: Injury appearing for a second or subsequent time.
luxation: The act of luxating, or the state of being luxated; a dislocation or displacement.
malodour: Alternative spelling of malodor
malossol: caviar that has been slightly salted.
rose oil: An essential oil extracted from the petals of various types of roses, used mainly for flavouring and perfumes.
moviedom: The world of movies and movie production
parthood: The relational quality of being a part.
multiuse: The use of something for more than one purpose.
tortness: The state or quality of suffering from tort.
nondaily: A publication that is not published every day.
rejecter: One who rejects.
burlwood: Burl (a type of wood on a tree).
malpitte: A weed in the nightshade family (Datura stramonium), which can be used as a hallucinogenic drug.
mamaliga: A maize porridge originating in Romania.
laborite: a supporter of a labor movement
laborite: a member of a political party supporting labor
greenway: A corridor of undeveloped or park land, set aside for environmental protection or recreational and primarily non-motorized use, such as bicycle paths.
pastness: The state or quality of being past.
pastness: The result or product of being past.
warrener: One who farms or hunts rabbits professionally; the keeper of a warren
sibility: The quality of being sibilate
sibility: sibilation
dockland: The land area surrounding a dock, especially the renovated or gentrified areas surrounding a former dock.
home row: The keys in the center row of a typewriter or computer keyboard on which the index fingers to little fingers of a typist's hands rest when not typing. On a standard qwerty keyboard, the home row is made up of the keys ASDF for the typist's left hand, and JKL; for the right hand.
ordalium: Trial by ordeal.
mamateek: A type of wigwam used by the Beothuk in Newfoundland.
shoaling: The formation of a shoal.
monoreme: A galley with a single row of oars on each side
polyreme: A very large galley with more than five rows of oars on each side.
hog town: Any poor town or out-of-the-way place.
slalomer: A skier who takes part in a slalom
nest box: A man-made box provided for wild birds or small animals to nest in.
marmiton: A chef's assistant; kitchen boy.
mammifer: mammal.
dead-set: Alternative spelling of dead set
geoglyph: A large-scale drawing or image made on the ground by arranging lines of stones, scratching the earth, etc., and often only fully visible from a distance or the air.
ladyfish: A coastal dwelling fish (Elops saurus), found throughout the tropical and sub-tropical regions.
ladyfish: Spanish hogfish (Bodianus rufus)
ladyfish: Albula vulpes, one of the fish called bonefish.
dead set: The rigid pose a hunting dog assumes when pointing out game to a hunter.
dead set: A fixed or stationary condition arising from obstacle or hindrance; a deadlock.
dead set: A determined effort.
dead set: A pointed and persistent attack on a person.
alloform: A distinct form of something treated as a single kind or species.
bankomat: An automated teller machine.
scattald: Common land used for pasture and digging turf.
habendum: The part of a deed that formally defines the extent of ownership or tenancy granted.
vocalese: Jazz singing genre where the lyrics are written to melodies that were originally parts of an all-instrumental composition or improvisation.
beanball: A pitch deliberately thrown at the head of the batter.
sheeling: Alternative spelling of shieling
moondust: The fine regolith found on the surface of the Moon.
shedhand: A worker in a sheep-shearing shed.
detainer: The right to keep a person, or a person's goods or property, against his will. A type of custody.
detainer: One who detains.
kvetcher: A person who kvetches; a complainer, kvetch.
incretin: A gastrointestinal hormone causing an increase in the amount of insulin released from the beta cells of the islets of Langerhans after eating, even before blood glucose levels become elevated.
iopidine: Apraclonidine.
mammitis: mastitis
clobazam: A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anxiolytic and anticonvulsant; C₁₆H₁₃ClN₂O₂.
nabilone: A synthetic cannabinoid used therapeutically as an antiemetic and as an adjunct analgesic for neuropathic pain.
mampalon: otter civet
shoefiti: shoe tossing
trackbed: The layer of gravel or other foundation on which a railway track is laid.
trackbed: The land on which a railway (especially one that has been closed or dismantled) was built; the roadbed for a railroad.
tamboura: Alternative spelling of tambura
armpiece: A piece of armour that protects the arm.
armpiece: A decorative companion.
lead off: The first batter in the batting order.
lead off: The first batter of an inning.
lead off: The short distance that a player stands away from their current base.
naloxone: An opioid inverse agonist used to counter the effects of an overdose on opioids (such as heroin or morphine).
episperm: The outer, protective layer of the seed of a flowering plant
rosegold: Alternative spelling of rose gold
charidee: Conspicuous charity, seen as being driven by a non-altruistic (especially self-promotional) motive.
renogram: A medical scan of the kidney.
missound: mispronunciation.
RAM disk: a virtual disk, implemented in software, that stores its contents in RAM.
stomatin: An erythrocyte membrane protein.
spermine: A polyamine, N,N'-bis(3-aminopropyl) butane-1,4-diamine, originally extracted from sperm, that is involved in cellular metabolism.
anti-rad: Alternative spelling of antirad
subadult: A person who, or animal that, is not yet an adult.
xylanase: Any of various enzymes that catalyze the hydrolysis of xylan
logicist: An adherent of logicism.
logicism: The doctrine that mathematics is a branch of logic in that some or all mathematics is reducible to logic.
pondlife: The living creatures found in a pond.
pondlife: Scum; lowlife.
adperson: An adman or adwoman.
thunking: The use of thunks (data mappings).
kidswear: Childrenswear.
cofiring: The combustion of two or more fuels at the same time
cofiring: The sintering of two or more materials together
lipgloss: Alternative spelling of lip gloss
pipebomb: Alternative spelling of pipe bomb
dropzone: The location at which troops or supplies are dropped, usually by parachute.
giltwood: Wood that has been gilded or painted gold.
bellbird: Any of various birds with a far-carrying bell-like call, including the crested bellbird, Oreoica gutturalis, the New Zealand bellbird, Anthornis melanura and the neotropical bellbirds of the genus Procnias.
bellbird: The bell miner, Manorina melanophrys, a bird that feeds on bell lerps (a variety of psyllid).
face off: The starting point in a match of ice hockey, where two players face each other to snatch the puck.
face off: A face-to-face confrontation, especially a bitter one.
mandarah: A room used for receiving guests, in some Egyptian buildings.
mancipee: slave
car coat: An overcoat that extends to midthigh
midthigh: The middle of the thigh (lengthwise)
muqaddam: Any of various Arabic or Islamic officials.
muqaddam: A former village headman in Bengal, through whom the government dealt with the peasants.
hatmaker: Someone who makes hats.
cyberlaw: Law as it relates to the Internet and computing offences, covering such issues as intellectual property and the blurring of international boundaries.
beanmeal: The meal (coarse flour) of beans.
ricemeal: rice meal (coarse flour)
branmeal: meal (coarse flour) containing a high proportion of bran
schlager: A chiefly European style of popular music with light melodies (often easily danceable) and typically facile, sentimental lyrics.
schlager: A piece made in this style.
cornhusk: The husk of an ear of corn (maize).
tweeness: The quality or state of being twee.
cookshop: A shop that sells cooked food.
Mandaean: A believer in, or follower of, Mandaeism
B-double: A truck and trailer combination consisting of a prime mover coupled to two trailers without the use of a dolly-converter with a drawbar (A-coupling).
low-life: Alternative spelling of lowlife
mancozeb: A grayish-yellow fungicide capable of controlling many fungal diseases in a wide range of crops.
subpanel: A subsection of a panel
jararaca: A species of venomous snake found in South America, Bothrops jararaca.
tab page: Any of the individual screens associated with a tab on a tab control.
sandtrap: Alternative spelling of sand trap
userland: A conceptual space outside the kernel in which a user's applications can run without the risk of damage to the operating system.
userland: The collection of tools, utilities, and user programs, found in a distro, outside of the kernel, for an operating system
flunixin: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, analgesic, and antipyretic used in horses.
pop punk: A genre that combines elements of punk rock with elements of pop music.
penciler: In comic book production, a person who develops the plot and creative content, and draws an outline to be filled in by an inker.
penciler: A bookmaker; one who accepts bets.
reinking: The act of restoring ink to a device that prints or stamps.
substate: A subdivision of a state
succinyl: A radical derived from succinic acid
dappling: A dappled pattern.
superion: An ion, consisting of a large cluster of atoms, in which the charge is spread over many atoms
sylvatic: A wild animal
bromance: A close but non-sexual relationship between men.
rekeying: The process of entering information into a device again, by means of a keyboard or similar.
rekeying: The process of changing the key or tenor of something; a reframing.
syncytin: Any of a class of captive retroviral envelope proteins involved in human placental morphogenesis
box plot: A graphical summary of a numerical data sample through five statistics: median, lower quartile, upper quartile, and some indication of more extreme upper and lower values.
tar boil: A small bubble or blister in the flood coat of an aggregate-surfaced built-up membrane
reddener: Agent noun of redden; someone or something which reddens.
firesale: Alternative spelling of fire sale
sofa-bed: A sofa that unfolds into a bed.
kilopond: A gravitational metric unit of force equal to the magnitude of the force exerted by a mass of one kilogram in the standard gravity (i.e. at the surface of the earth).
quadword: A numerical value of four times the magnitude of a word, thus 64 bits on a 16-bit architecture.
octangle: A geometric figure with eight corners, an octagon.
tapetail: The larval stage of the whalefishes
oxtongue: Beef tongue (a foodstuff).
oxtongue: A flowering plant of the genus Picris, especially Picris echioides (bristly oxtongue).
oxtongue: A flowering plant of the genus Anchusa, especially Anchusa officinalis (true alkanet).
Europæan: Obsolete spelling of European
anti-art: Art that is usually exhibited and delivered in a conventional context but that makes fun of serious art or the artistic establishment or challenges the nature of art.
mallcore: Popular music that is overproduced, mainstream, corporately controlled, etc., as opposed to popular music that is independent or artistic.
mallcore: nu metal.
grouplet: A small group.
mistruth: Untruth; falsehood.
mistruth: A statement which, while technically true, is dishonestly misleading.
cefixime: An oral cephalosporin antibiotic used to treat gonorrhea, tonsillitis, pharyngitis, and otitis media.
ironweed: Any of certain species of the genus Vernonia of forbs and shrubs.
bad name: Lack of reverence or esteem; poor reputation.
bad name: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see bad, name.
bluestem: Any of various grasses having bluish stems, including little bluestem and big bluestem.
subgrade: The layer of native soil on which the foundation of a road is laid.
hamingja: A female guardian angel in Norse mythology, believed to accompany a person and decide their luck and happiness.
tutilage: Alternative spelling of tutelage
bankster: A banker who is seen as criminally irresponsible, or as extorting bailout money from the taxpayers.
felicide: The killing of a cat.
simperer: One who simpers.
dorkface: A silly or stupid person; dork.
rice car: rice burner
quadplay: Alternative spelling of quad play
gombroon: Iranian pottery.
coolibah: Any of a number of eucalyptus trees of central and northern Australia, in particular Eucalyptus microtheca.
Mangaian: Someone of, or from, Mangaia
mangelin: A weight used to weigh precious stones, weighing more than a carat, usually 1¾ carats.
puroresu: Japanese professional wrestling
tickmark: Alternative spelling of tick mark
fourplay: Quad play.
sandworm: A lugworm, of species Arenicola marina.
sandworm: A clam worm or ragworm, of species Alitta virens.
sandworm: Hookworm larvae, especially of Ancylostoma braziliense, which cause cutaneous larva migrans.
sandworm: A chigoe, a flea of species Tunga penetrans.
merwoman: A mermaid.
silipide: A complex of silymarin and phosphatidylcholine, approximately ten times more bioavailable than silymarin.
trachoma: An infectious disease of the eyelid caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis.
maninose: The soft-shell clam.
trackbar: A widget allowing the user to select a value on a sliding scale.
tricaine: The ethyl ester of aminobenzoic acid; its methanesulfonate is used as anesthetic for fish
doctress: A female doctor.
imagemap: Alternative spelling of image map
web-site: Alternative spelling of web site
tridecyl: The univalent radical derived from tridecane
eukaryon: A cell containing at least one distinct nucleus - characteristic of the single-celled or multicellular organisms of the taxonomic domain Eukaryota.
calnexin: A chaperone protein of the endoplasmic reticulum.
endpiece: Alternative spelling of end piece
repeller: Something that repels; that which causes repulsion.
taxwoman: A female taxman.
coolabah: Alternative spelling of coolibah
coolibar: Alternative spelling of coolibah
guanidyl: The univalent radical derived from guanosine.
microcin: A very small bacteriocin.
eucaryon: Alternative spelling of eukaryon
mannosyl: The univalent radical derived from mannose
polySUMO: A polymeric form of SUMO
epilator: An electrical device used for hair removal by mechanically grasping multiple hairs simultaneously and pulling them out.
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Amaranthaceae, including
saltwort: Salsola and related genera within subfamily Salsoloideae
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Amaranthaceae, including
saltwort: Salicornia (syn. Sarcocornia) spp. (glasswort, pickleweed, swampfire, and marsh samphire)
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Amaranthaceae, including
saltwort: Tecticornia spp.
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Amaranthaceae, including
saltwort: Suaeda spp. (seepweeds or sea blites)
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Amaranthaceae, including
saltwort: Halogeton spp.
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Bataceae
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Bataceae
saltwort: Batis spp.
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Bataceae
saltwort: Batis spp.
saltwort: especially, Batis maritima, turtleweed, a plant distributed in the southwestern United States, Caribbean, and South America in coastal saltmarshes.
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Primulaceae (primroses)
saltwort: Certain plants of various genera that grow in dry, alkali soils, including the following,
saltwort: of family Primulaceae (primroses)
saltwort: Lysimachia maritima (syn. Glaux maritima, sea milkwort, sea milkweed), which grows along coasts throughout the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.
lovebite: Alternative spelling of love bite
bletting: A fermentation process in certain fruit beyond ripening.
gala pie: A pork pie with a proportion of chicken meat, and a hard-boiled egg in the centre.
rollcall: Alternative spelling of roll call
præfixum: Obsolete form of prefixum.
prefixum: A prefix.
trypanin: A protein found in the cytoskeleton of eukaryotic cells
troilite: A non-magnetic variety of the ferrous sulfide mineral pyrrhotite that occurs in most meteorites
vesosome: A multi-layer liposome structure, used to deliver drugs
hyperope: A farsighted person, a hyperopic person, a person with hyperopia.
vimentin: Any of a group of polypeptides that polymerize to form filaments in the cytoskeleton.
chatfest: A talkfest.
talkfest: A session of enthusiastic discussion or gossip.
saltfish: salt cod: dried and salted cod.
knee cap: Alternative spelling of kneecap
methomyl: A carbamate insecticide with high toxicity to humans.
bioagent: A biological agent.
laitance: A weak, milky layer of cement and aggregate fines on a concrete surface that is usually caused by an overwet mixture, overworking the mixture, improper or excessive finishing or combination thereof. Also, could be caused when a slurry mix is used on a deep foundation, where the slurry mix is not completely removed before placing concrete on top.
laitance: The weak top layer of cement and aggregate fines on a concrete surface that stands between a topical coating and the underlying substrate. This laitance layer prevents a bond forming between the topical coating and substrate, whereby it causes delamination of the topical coating as the laitance layer fails first.
mat slab: A concrete slab designed with reinforcement to resist the uplift forces created by hydrostatic pressure.
neatball: A vegetarian food made with nuts, designed to resemble a meatball.
unmixing: The separation of the components of a mixture
autorick: An autorickshaw.
jokiness: The state or condition of being joky.
nerdcore: An intentionally nerdy style of hip-hop music.
nerdcore: The most dedicated nerds, especially in terms of computer ability.
zeugopod: A section of an animal's limb corresponding to the forearm
zonation: An arrangement or distribution of things into zones.
dirtbike: An off-road motorcycle.
nonogram: A puzzle in which cells of a grid must be filled or left blank, according to sets of numbers given at the side of the grid, to reveal a hidden picture.
antigrav: Antigravity, or a device that counters gravity.
bitshift: Alternative spelling of bit shift
moreness: The state or condition of being more.
subframe: A subsidiary frame (chunk of data).
subframe: A structural component of a vehicle, such as an automobile or aircraft, that uses a discrete, separate structure within a larger body-on-frame or unit body to carry certain components, such as the engine, drivetrain, or suspension.
subframe: One of the HTML frames that make up a frameset.
slaveboy: A boy who is a slave.
slaveboy: A young male slave (submissive partner) in a BDSM relationship.
triulose: dihydroxyacetone considered as a ketotriose
fuelwood: wood grown or felled for use as commercial fuel
overname: A surname.
overname: A nickname.
backcast: A cast or throw back.
backcast: A backward stroke, or a stroke driving one back.
backcast: Any discouragement or cause of relapse or failure.
backcast: Misfortune; reverse; reversal; a relapse in health or illness; moral backsliding.
backcast: Retrospect; hindsight.
backcast: backwater
rummager: One who rummages.
rummager: A worker in charge of stowing cargo on a ship.
mole run: a meandering ridge in a roof membrane not associated with insulation or deck joints.
fucoidan: A sulfated polysaccharide found in several seaweeds
æquality: Archaic spelling of equality.
entresol: A mezzanine; an intermediate floor in a building, typically resembling a balcony; most often, the floor immediately above the ground floor and below a higher floor.
pentosan: Any polysaccharide composed of pentoses.
mud slab: A layer of concrete, typically 2 to 6 inches thick, poured below the structural slab but above a layer of wet or muddy soil.
mondongo: A Latin American soup made from tripe.
mantegar: mandrill (formerly thought to be a type of baboon)
tractrix: A curve that satisfies the following property: that segment of the tangent line that lies between the point of tangency and a fixed line has length independent of the point of tangency chosen.
pozzolan: Any material which, when combined with calcium hydroxide, exhibits cementitious properties; often used as an extender with Portland cements.
pubalgia: osteitis pubis, groin pain
tea cozy: Alternative form of tea cosy
imbition: The act of imbibing or drinking.
imbition: The taking up of fluid from the environment.
nonclass: Something other than a class.
his nibs: A jack turned up by the dealer.
masonary: Misspelling of masonry.
kettling: A crowd control technique, used by police, where a hostile group of protesters or rioters are surrounded and not allowed to disperse, sometimes with the use of temporary fencing to corral and isolate portions of the group.
kettling: The situation where water gets trapped in the heat exchanger of a boiler (e.g. due to limescale build-up), resulting in knocking sounds as it turns into expanding steam.
userbase: The established group of users for a particular computer program, technology, etc.
beartrap: A large trap used to catch a bear or other mammal, usually as a foot trap.
beartrap: A radar trap used by police to catch speeders.
beartrap: A device that traps a probe on a rotorcraft, securing it to the helicopter deck of a vessel.
beartrap: A system of rotorcraft recovery aboard watercraft in heavy sea states, which uses the beartrap device to land securely and transport the aircraft into the hangar.
pot life: The period of time a reacting composition remains suitable for its intended processing after mixing with reaction-initiating agents.
naringin: The major flavonoid glycoside in grapefruit, giving the fruit its bitter taste, which is metabolized to the flavanone naringenin in humans.
floodway: An engineered path to channel floodwaters away from areas to be protected.
enslaver: One who enslaves.
strimmer: Synonym of string trimmer (“a powered, hand-held garden implement that uses a rotating monofilament line to cut grass, etc., without damaging other objects”)
microbus: A station wagon shaped like a small bus.
warpaint: Alternative spelling of war paint
manuport: A natural (not man-made) object of an excavation site, which was originally brought into the site by humans.
war time: Alternative spelling of wartime
negihama: A type of sushi, yellowtail and scallion.
charoset: Alternative form of haroseth
flywhisk: A whisk used to brush away flies.
seaspray: The water thrown into the air when waves break on the shore.
cosiness: The state or quality of being cosy.
manucode: Any of the birds of paradise in the genus Manucodia.
manyatta: A Masai or Samburu settlement or compound, often temporary, established by a family or clan, or as an encampment of young warriors.
tonalite: An igneous, plutonic rock composed mainly of plagioclase.
tonalite: Quartz diorite.
splurger: One who splurges.
flippase: Any enzyme located in the membrane responsible for aiding the movement of phospholipid molecules between the two leaflets that compose a cell's membrane (transverse diffusion).
ballgown: A formal gown to be worn by women to balls and similar social events.
holodeck: A room that provides holographic simulations for recreation, training, etc.
videocam: A video camera.
phonesex: Alternative spelling of phone sex
viridity: The state or condition of being virid.
lobstery: A place where lobsters are farmed.
anatexis: The metamorphism of plutonic rock into magma in the lower levels of the crust
Jamesian: An adherent or proponent of Jamesian (in various senses) ideas.
akinesia: The loss of the ability to control motor muscles.
atsugari: A Drosophila phenotype that shows a preference for unusually low temperatures.
freekick: Alternative spelling of free kick
clearway: A road or other path that is kept free of obstructions, or on which stopping is strictly regulated, in order to maintain free flow of movement.
clearway: An area projecting from the end of a runway that is kept clear of obstructions exceeding a height that increases with distance from the end of the runway.
colocolo: Leopardus colocolo, a small striped cat native to western central South America.
cyclopel: A rhythmic silt–clay lamination formed in a tide-water glacial marine inlet.
coronoid: A slender bone that forms part of the lower jaw of primitive vertebrates.
coronoid: Any polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon derived from coronene.
vaultful: As much as a vault will hold.
vaultful: A large amount.
denticle: A small tooth.
denticle: A pulp stone.
denticle: Material serving as the dermis of sharks.
denticle: A dentil.
cheapass: A stingy person; a cheapskate.
cyberian: A user of the Internet or virtual reality.
cyberlit: Cyberliterature.
ejectile: A particle that is emitted during a reaction, typically the lighter reaction product in a two-body reaction.
assation: Roasting, baking.
meseraic: A mesenteric vein.
fruitbat: Alternative spelling of fruit bat
bullhook: An ankus.
hypaxial: Such a muscle
manzello: A modified saxello, with an upturned bell.
Mao suit: A type of jacket popularized in China in the 20th century, with two breast pockets and two waist pockets.
lyticase: A complex of endoglucanase and protease catalyzes yeast cell lysis
medusoid: jellyfish
spadille: The ace of spades in ombre and quadrille.
mapepire: The venomous snake Lachesis muta.
en space: A space which has a nominal width of 1 en
em space: A space which has a nominal width of 1 em.
kumbayah: Alternative spelling of kumbaya
minicity: A smaller developed area within a city that boasts all of the traditional features and facilities of a city.
stemplot: A means of displaying data used especially in exploratory data analysis.
exbibyte: Strictly, 2⁶⁰ (1024⁶, 1,152,921,504,606,846,976) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) pebibytes, as opposed to an exabyte.
nymphoid: Any plant of the genus Nymphoides.
spudding: The initial drilling of a well; a test drilling.
morcilla: A Spanish blood sausage, sometimes with rice and onions as ingredients.
podomere: A segment of a limb of an arthropod
maracock: The fruit of various American passionflowers, probably Passiflora incarnata and Passiflora lutea.
gelation: The formation of a solid by cooling; freezing
gelation: The formation of a gel, especially from a sol
psoralen: Any of a group of furanocoumarins, from the seeds of various plants, that are used to treat psoriasis, eczema and vitiligo
reopener: Anything that reopens.
synergid: Either of two naked nucleated cells at the top of the embryo sac that cooperate with the oosphere in the production of the embryo.
syntroph: An individual related to another by syntrophy
tachinid: Any insect of the family Tachinidae of tachina flies
oosphere: A large nonmotile egg cell formed in an oogonium and ready for fertilization
bandager: One who applies a bandage.
acridone: An tricyclic heterocyclic ketone derived from acridine; any derivative of this compound
vacuolin: Any of several small proteins that bind to cytoplasmic surfaces
backdown: An act of backing down; a retraction or withdrawal.
piggyBac: A transposon used in genetic engineering
masstige: A class of products that are affordable for the general consumer but positioned as luxury goods.
cookable: Anything suitable for cooking.
soupline: A line (queue) which disadvantaged people can join to receive free soup.
bum roll: A crescent-shaped pad worn under ladies' skirts in the 16th and 17th centuries to accentuate the hips and make the waist appear smaller.
cyberpal: A friend with whom one communicates only through the Internet or cyberspace.
bimbette: A bimbo; a foolish, ditzy woman.
tastevin: A small, shallow cup or saucer with a reflective surface, traditionally used by winemakers and sommeliers when judging the maturity and taste of a wine.
smokeasy: An establishment where patrons are permitted to smoke despite a general ban.
atosiban: A medication that inhibits oxytocin and vasopressin, used to halt premature labour.
atenolol: A beta blocker used mainly to treat angina and high blood pressure.
Bayesian: A proponent of Bayesianism.
beakhead: A protruding part of the foremost section of a sailing ship.
beakhead: An ornament used in rich Norman doorways, resembling a head with a beak.
motorjet: A rudimentary type of jet engine
cat bear: A red panda (Ailurus fulgens).
amphoion: zwitterion
bear cat: A binturong (Arctictis binturong, in the family Viverridae).
bear cat: An excellent or formidable thing or person.
zetetics: A branch of algebra which relates to the direct search for unknown quantities.
Komondor: A large Hungarian breed of livestock guard dog with a long, corded coat.
mareblob: The plant Caltha palustris
marigram: A printed record of tidal levels.
codology: Hoaxing, humbugging, bluffing, deception.
pay stub: Paper provided by employer to an employee as an indication of payment of wages or salary; it generally includes details such as the amount of tax withheld, and is attached to the payment if by check.
bicupola: A solid formed from two cupolas joined at the base.
allocare: Care given to an infant by an animal that is not the infant's parent.
spacenik: One who travels into space; an astronaut.
buttface: A person with an ugly face.
buttface: A dislikable person, a disagreeable person.
apodizer: Any of several devices that permit apodization of an optical or electrical signal
curvaton: A scalar field associated with fluctuations in the curvature of space during inflation.
diphoton: A resonance particle formed from two identical photons
cork oak: A type of evergreen oak tree, Quercus suber, native to southwest Europe and northwest Africa.
gluonium: glueball
kination: Cosmological phase of the dominance of kinetic energy over potential energy. Coined by Michael Joyce in 1996 in the paper "Electroweak baryogenesis and the expansion rate of the Universe".
selfdual: Alternative spelling of self-dual
Beit Din: Alternative spelling of beth din
Beis Din: Alternative spelling of beth din
beis din: Alternative spelling of beth din
Beth Din: Alternative spelling of beth din
beit din: Alternative spelling of beth din
triality: Threeness.
triality: A relationship between three vector spaces.
beth din: A rabbinical court which regulates certain parts of Jewish law.
itopride: A prokinetic benzamide derivative used to treat gastrointestinal conditions.
marooner: Someone marooned.
Blue Jay: A player for the Toronto Blue Jays.
boffinry: The characteristic behaviour of boffins; nerdy scientific thinking.
Kickapoo: A member of a particular Algonquian-speaking Native American tribe.
steenbok: A common small antelope of southern and eastern Africa, Raphicerus campestris.
drumette: The first segment (meatier part) of a chicken wing, closest to the body.
releasee: A party that is given a release
seminoma: A form of testicular cancer
triglyph: A vertically channeled tablet of the Doric frieze.
crewneck: Alternative form of crew neck
end mark: A punctuation mark occurring at the end of a clause or sentence.
end mark: A typographic element that signals the end of an article. Often they are simple bullets, but they can also be intricate symbols.
draftnik: One who studies and reports on the draft (player selection) for professional sports leagues.
subrogee: The party acting on behalf of the subrogor in a subrogation.
yeowoman: A female yeoman.
subrogor: The party on whose behalf another party (the subrogee) acts in a subrogation.
croisade: A crusade; a holy war.
scroggin: A pre-prepared mixture of dried fruit and nuts to eat as a snack while bushwalking.
duckpond: A pond that is populated by ducks.
seedcake: The residue of pressing oil from seeds.
seedcake: A sweet cake or cookie containing aromatic seeds, such as caraway.
abitrary: Misspelling of arbitrary.
Martello: Martello tower
Moresque: arabesque
cuesport: Alternative spelling of cue sport
acutance: Edge contrast in an image; a component of sharpness.
sumbitch: Pronunciation spelling of son of a bitch, representing Southern US English.
mosasaur: A large extinct marine reptile in the family †Mosasauridae, dominant marine predator of the Cretaceous. Mosasaurs are considred to be in squmata, the same group that includes lizards and snakes.
desmitis: inflammation of a ligament.
downpipe: The drainpipe that connects a roof-line gutter with the ground.
angekkok: Alternative spelling of angekok
telecare: Health care facilitated by telecommunication technology.
shoutbox: A tagboard.
aircheck: A demonstration recording, often intended to show off the talent of an announcer to a prospective employer.
timeslip: A timesheet.
timeslip: A phenomenon that causes unexpected time travel.
politeia: citizenship
venitive: A grammatical word, particle, or inflection that indicates motion to or toward a thing; or, the indication so provided.
salacity: The state or quality of being salacious; lewdness, obscenity, bawdiness.
salacity: An act that is salacious, (lewd, obscene or bawdy); a salacious image or piece of writing.
manyness: The quality or state of being many.
mix tape: Alternative spelling of mixtape
barbeiro: kissing bug
prosumer: {A person in postindustrial society who combines the economic roles of producer and consumer.
prosumer: A serious, enthusiastic consumer: not professional (earning money), but of similar interest and skills to a (generally lower level) professional, or aspiring to such. The target market of prosumer equipment.
tomalley: The hepatopancreas of a crustacean.
cathedra: The chair or throne of a bishop.
cathedra: The rank of bishop.
cathedra: The official chair of some position or office, as of a professor.
agenesia: agenesis
suricate: The meerkat, a member of the mongoose family.
paranoïa: Rare form of paranoia.
phenazon: Alternative spelling of phenazone
adonitol: Ribitol.
proteose: A mixture of peptides produced by the hydrolysis of proteins.
limonoid: Any of a class of phytochemicals, found in citrus fruit and certain other plants, believed to have various therapeutic effects.
anthrone: A tricyclic aromatic ketone, used in a popular cellulose assay and in the colorimetric determination of carbohydrates; any derivative of this compound
autojoin: A software feature that allows the user to join an IRC channel automatically (either on first connecting to the server or after being kicked).
autojoin: A type of join from a table to itself.
plus-one: Alternative spelling of plus one
marumage: A round knotted hairstyle traditionally worn by married women in Japan.
ascocarp: The sporocarp of an ascomycete, typically bowl-shaped.
plus one: A friend or date whom one brings along to an event; a guest of a guest.
funkster: A funk musician.
funkster: Someone funky.
mazology: Mammalogy.
winghead: Any entity having a head or head-like element resembling a wing.
sun bear: A species of relatively small bears, Helarctos malayanus, found in Southeast Asia.
holdfast: Something to or by which an object can be securely fastened.
holdfast: A root-like structure that anchors aquatic sessile organisms, such as seaweed, other sessile algae, stalked crinoids, benthic cnidarians, and sponges, to the substrate.
holdfast: Actinomycosis.
holdfast: The aspect of a character that experiences destructive temptation.
rascetta: Alternative form of rascette
mash-fat: malt vat, a vat that holds malt in a brewery.
mashloch: A type of low-quality bread made from flour and other grains.
rascette: The wrist.
rascette: The lines or wrinkles running across the wrist at the base of the palm.
schiedam: Gin produced in Schiedam, a southern municipality of the Netherlands.
disliker: One who dislikes.
nextness: The fact or condition of immediate succession or proximity; the quality of being next.
maskette: A small mask, especially one that does not cover the whole head.
moorcock: A male red grouse.
moorbird: The red grouse.
pyometra: An infection of the uterus most commonly seen in dogs, but also occasionally in other small mammals, resulting from hormonal and structural changes in the lining of the uterus.
maskanda: A style of Zulu folk music, normally played solo.
moorfowl: The red grouse.
sotolone: Alternative spelling of sotolon
hemozoin: A disposal product formed from the digestion of blood by certain parasites.
mauveine: A purple dye, the first synthetic organic dye created.
acarbose: An antidiabetic drug C₂₅H₄₃NO₁₈ (trademark Precose) that is taken orally as a tablet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is an oligosaccharide produced by fermentation of a bacterium (Actinoplanes utahensis). The drug slows the absorption of glucose in the small intestine by inhibiting enzymes that break down complex carbohydrates.
tonicity: The normal presence of tone or tension in a muscle or organ; tonus
tonicity: The ability of nonpenetrable solutes in a solution to exert an osmotic pressure upon a membrane
gunmaker: One who manufactures guns.
manchild: Alternative spelling of man child
dewormer: Medicine used in deworming an animal.
mootness: The state or condition of being moot.
bunodont: A creature with teeth of this kind.
cefepime: A cephalosporin antibiotic.
jejunity: Jejuneness.
treenail: A wooden peg or pin used as a fastener.
kaboodle: Alternative spelling of caboodle
seedsman: One who sows seeds.
seedsman: A dealer in seed.
retinite: Any of various resins, similar in appearance to amber, associated with brown coal.
saltness: The state or quality of being salt; saltiness.
seedness: The state or quality of being seed.
seedness: Seedtime.
pearwood: The wood of the pear tree.
kakiemon: Japanese porcelain wares featuring enamel decoration.
barfight: A fight that takes place in a bar.
rinkside: The side of an ice rink, where spectators can sit.
hitwoman: The female equivalent of a hitman; a female assassin.
pipérade: A Basque dish of onions, green peppers, and tomatoes sautéed in olive oil and flavoured with Espelette pepper.
neurolaw: An emerging field of interdisciplinary study that explores the effects of discoveries in neuroscience on legal rules and standards.
glamazon: A tall glamorous woman.
siphoner: One who, or that which, siphons.
truckbed: The bed (load-supporting platform) of a truck.
overpack: A container intended to hold smaller containers.
mimickry: Obsolete spelling of mimicry
subparse: A parse that makes up part of a larger parse.
infonaut: One who navigates the information superhighway; an Internet user.
nurikabe: A Japanese logic puzzle with a rectangular grid of squares, some of them numbered; the solver is challenged to fill in a subset of squares (under certain constraints) such that each numbered square finally indicates the number of unfilled squares contiguous to it.
goalball: A ball game, designed for the blind, in which teams of three players attempt to throw a ball with bells embedded in it into the opposing goal.
goalball: The ball used in the sport
quazepam: A benzodiazepine derivative used to treat insomnia.
clamorer: Alternative spelling of clamourer
flipbook: Alternative spelling of flip book
myositis: Inflammation of the muscles.
lilyturf: Any of a group of low-growing, grasslike perennials of the genera Liriope and Ophiopogon that are often used in landscaping for ground cover.
megabank: A major bank (financial institution).
tableful: As much as fills a table.
boathook: A hook attached to a pole used for pulling or pushing boats, rafts, logs or other objects to or from the side of a boat.
boathook: A pole or rod with such a hook at one end.
calcemia: The presence of calcium in the blood, and (usually, especially) the degree (that is, its concentration).
antistar: A conjectured type of star formed from antimatter.
slipware: A type of pottery identified by its primary decorating process where slip is placed onto the dry surface by dipping, painting or splashing.
subbrand: A subsidiary brand.
paradoxy: A paradoxical statement; a paradox.
paradoxy: The state or quality of being paradoxical.
limaille: Bits of waste metal mixed with bone, dust, etc.; lemel.
ʻukulele: Alternative form of ukulele
operatee: Someone who has an operation.
ringette: A team sport played on ice on skates and primarily by women, the players using sticks to control a rubber ring and attempting to score goals by landing it in the opponents' net.
educatee: Someone who is being educated.
homecare: The care and maintenance of one's home.
homecare: Treatment of a patient at his or her own home.
ingrowth: Growth inwards.
Mia Maid: A 14- to 15-year-old participant in the Young Women organization of the LDS Church.
inflator: Alternative spelling of inflater
trendlet: A minor or shortlived trend.
dyspnoea: Alternative spelling of dyspnea
fourball: A match between two teams of two golfers, each playing his or her own ball throughout the round rather than alternating shots, and each hole won by the team whose individual golfer has the lowest score.
masurium: The metallic element technetium.
matadora: A female matador.
Masurian: Someone from Masuria.
matehood: The state or condition of having a mate (someone to reproduce with).
cyberpop: Pop music evoking cyber themes.
cyberpop: Elements of cyberpunk fiction and cyberculture brought into the mainstream as pop culture.
tayberry: A cultivated shrub of the genus Rubus fruticosus x idaeus, a cross between the blackberry (R. fruiticosus) and raspberry (R. idaeus).
tayberry: Its fruit, a large sweet berry.
midchest: The middle of the chest.
detailer: One who gives details of something.
detailer: One who details (cleans cars).
derailer: One who, or that which, derails.
derailer: One who, or that which, derails.
derailer: Synonym of derail: A device placed on railway tracks in order to cause a train to derail.
derailer: Alternative form of derailleur.
endogene: An endogenous gene
fritanga: A restaurant that serves Nicaraguan food.
fritanga: Nicaraguan (fried) food generally.
Lewesian: Someone from the town of Lewes.
lividity: The state or quality of being livid.
lividity: A livid area of skin, such as a bruise, or as is often found on cadavers.
lividity: Livor mortis, suggillation.
Wellsian: An admirer of H. G. Wells (1866-1946), English writer regarded as a progenitor of science fiction, or his writings or politics.
pindolol: A β-adrenergic blocking agent used to treat cardiac arrhythmia and hypertension.
duxelles: A finely chopped mixture of mushrooms, onions, shallots and herbs sautéed in butter and reduced to a paste, used in stuffings and sauces (as in beef Wellington) or as a garnish.
virusoid: A circular single-stranded RNA, similar but not identical to a viroid, dependent on plant viruses for replication and encapsidation.
gorefest: An event, situation, film, novel, etc., that is characterised by a copious amount of gore.
balisong: A folding pocket knife with two handles counter-rotating around the tang such that, when closed, the blade is concealed within grooves in the handles.
undereye: The area of skin immediately under the eye.
cost oil: Part of an oilfield operator's entitlement to revenue as compensation for incurred production costs as stated in a production sharing agreement.
taluqdar: Alternative spelling of talukdar
supermum: Alternative spelling of supermom
subsumer: One who, or that which, subsumes.
strongyl: Alternative spelling of strongyle
talukdar: An Indian landholder in the Mughal Empire and British Raj, responsible for collecting taxes from a taluk.
ragtimer: A musician who plays or composes ragtime music.
resolvin: Any of various compounds that are made by the human body from the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, believed to reduce cellular inflammation.
piemaker: A person who makes pies.
isofuran: Any of various nonclassic eicosanoids formed nonenzymatically by free radical mediated peroxidation of arachidonic acid, similar to the isoprostanes but with a substituted tetrahydrofuran ring.
matranee: A female house-servant.
Pequiste: A member of the Parti Québécois.
légitime: Alternative spelling of legitime
savourer: One who savours or smacks of something; one who favours or takes pleasure in something.
Mayanist: One who studies the pre-Columbian Maya.
natremia: The presence of sodium in the blood, and (usually, especially) the degree (that is, its concentration).
enroller: Someone who enrols.
crocotta: A mythical dog-wolf of India or Ethiopia, said to be a deadly enemy of men and dogs and able to imitate the voice of any animal or human.
leucrota: The offspring of a crocotta and a lion, supposed to be able to imitate the sound of a human voice.
diplegia: Paralysis that affects symmetrically opposed parts of the body.
Brown HT: A brown synthetic coal tar diazo dye.
bowenite: A hard, compact variety of the serpentine species antigorite.
boxthorn: Any plant of the genus Lycium.
lessness: The state or condition of being less.
shadbush: Any plant in the genus Amelanchier.
twitchel: A narrow alleyway between houses; a ginnel.
tyrolite: A hydrated calcium copper arsenate carbonate mineral that forms glassy blue to green orthorhombic radial crystals and botryoidal masses.
slapdown: An instance of slapping down, especially a humiliation or rejection.
slapdown: The period after the initial impact of an object with a surface through the subsequent impact of the object on that surface, as an aircraft landing or a container falling.
slapdown: The impact of a layer of earth falling after having been lifted by an explosion or an earthquake or similar large-scale disturbance.
snowbell: Any member of the genus Soldanella of flowering plants native to European mountains, typically with a basal rosette of simple, orbicular leaves and white to violet flowers.
snowbell: Certain styraxes.
mushaira: A poetic symposium in North India and Pakistan at which poets gather to perform their works, traditionally ghazals.
kaganate: Alternative spelling of khaganate
shoutout: Alternative spelling of shout out
trapline: A series or line of traps.
loserdom: The state or condition of being a loser.
loserdom: The world or sphere of losers.
jejeunum: Alternative spelling of jejunum
eversion: An act of turning inside out.
eversion: The state of being turned inside out.
eversion: The condition of being turned outward.
blesbuck: A type of damalisk (Damaliscus pygargus phillipsi), an African antelope closely related to the hartebeest.
vibrance: Synonym of vibrancy
subtrend: A trend that is part of a larger trend.
lonicera: Any plant of the genus Lonicera, the honeysuckles.
levodopa: Alternative form of ʟ-dopa
liegeman: A male vassal (subject of a sovereign or lord).
licecide: A lousicide: a substance that kills lice.
barrista: Misspelling of barista.
chowtime: The time when food is eaten; a mealtime.
dhaincha: The legume Sesbania bispinosa, native to Asia and North Africa.
minidome: A miniature dome.
chowline: A line of people waiting for food.
signator: A signatory: someone who signs something.
redyeing: A second or subsequent dyeing.
uptowner: A person who comes from uptown.
oximetre: Alternative form of oximeter
overwash: The flow of water and sediment over the crest of a beach that does not directly return to the water body.
freeness: The state or condition of being free (unconstrained, unconfined, unincumbered, unobstructed, or free-spirited).
freeness: Openness; unreservedness; frankness; ingenuousness; candor.
freeness: Liberality; generosity.
freeness: Gratuitousness.
plugfest: An event during which hardware devices are tested for interoperability with emerging standards by physically connecting them together.
HO scale: A popular scale for model railroads; 1:87 scale
chagrine: Alternative form of chagrin
prestudy: A small study undertaken before a larger one.
ependyma: The thin membrane of glial cells lining the ventricles of the brain and the central canal of the spinal cord.
birdshot: A small lead or steel shot, or ammunition, used in shotgun shells.
birdshot: A rifle or pistol cartridge containing small shot instead of a single larger projectile.
frivoler: One who frivols, or acts frivolously.
hillsman: A man who belongs to a tribe inhabiting the hills.
remoting: A technology that allows a program to interact with the internals of another program running on a different machine.
lifeness: The state or quality of having a life.
parkette: A small urban park
billycan: A lightweight pot for cooking or boiling water, used in camping.
tally ho: Alternative spelling of tallyho
unlocker: One who, or that which, unlocks.
timespan: An interval of time.
agrifood: Alternative form of agri-food
midswing: The midpoint of a swinging motion.
smithing: The work of a smith; the forging of metal.
bookroom: A room in which books are kept; a library.
embedder: One who, or that which, embeds.
embedder: A tool for embedding wire into a surface.
tara gum: A white or beige nearly odorless powder used as a thickening agent and stabilizer for food, produced by separating and grinding the endosperm of Tara spinosa seeds.
headwall: The highest cliff of a glacial cirque.
headwall: The steep cliff at the back of a cirque.
headwall: A retaining wall at the outlet of a drain, culvert or tunnel.
substorm: A phenomenon in which a magnetotail becomes swollen and unstable.
culantro: The tropical herb Eryngium foetidum, native to Mexico, Central America and South America but cultivated worldwide, used medicinally and in Caribbean cuisine.
culantro: Alternative form of cilantro
overloop: Obsolete form of orlop.
overloop: A loop that occurs above something.
overloop: An outer loop; A loop that contains an inner loop.
inotrope: Any inotropic drug
aleberry: A beverage made by boiling ale with spice and sugar and sops of bread.
foxberry: The plant cowberry or lingonberry, Vaccinium vitis-idaea.
foxberry: The berry of this plant.
peaberry: A kind of coffee bean, one that develops alone in the cherry rather than with a second seed and thus has a more oval shape.
hagberry: Prunus padus, a species of cherry native to northern Europe and northern Asia, the bird cherry.
hagberry: Its bittersweet astringent fruit, readily eaten by birds.
sunberry: A historic heirloom shrub, Solanum retroflexum.
sunberry: The dark blue-purple fruit of Solanum retroflexum, often combined with sugar in desserts.
sunberry: The European black nightshade, Solanum nigrum.
sunberry: The dark poisonous berry of Solanum nigrum.
fenberry: The cranberry.
bogberry: The cranberry.
inkberry: Any of various plants that bear dark berries, or the berries themselves:
inkberry: Ilex glabra (winterberry, gallberry)
inkberry: Any of various plants that bear dark berries, or the berries themselves:
inkberry: Ilex verticillata, American winterberry
inkberry: Any of various plants that bear dark berries, or the berries themselves:
inkberry: Scaevola plumieri, a fan flower
inkberry: Any of various plants that bear dark berries, or the berries themselves:
inkberry: Any plant of the genus Phytolacca, especially Phytolacca americana, the pokeweed.
assmunch: A despicable person.
redberry: The lingonberry or cowberry, Vaccinium vitis-idaea.
shrimper: One who fishes for or catches shrimp.
shrimper: A boat used in fishing for shrimp.
burusera: Girls' used underwear and/or school uniforms, which are bought and sold by sexual fetishists.
woodside: The side of a wood; the land that borders a wood.
maythorn: mayblossom
physalis: Any plant of the genus Physalis.
physalis: Fruit of such a plant, a yellow-orange berry, typically firm in texture with a mild, refreshing acidity.
mid-iron: An iron golf club with more lift than a driver.
mayapple: A fruit-bearing flowering plant with poisonous roots, native to eastern North America, taxonomic name Podophyllum peltatum.
mayapple: The fruit of the plant Podophyllum peltatum.
maw-worm: Any of several parasitic worms which infest the mammalian stomach and intestines, especially a nematode.
scroller: One who, or that which, scrolls.
scroller: Synonym of scrolly (“scrolling message”)
mawmenny: A dish eaten in later medieval England, made with spice and almost always with boneless meat from poultry (usually teased or mashed; most recipes name capon as an option), usually containing wine and either sugar or honey.
pleurite: A pleuron.
bivector: An antisymmetric tensor of second rank.
mayordom: The tenure of a mayor.
crosscap: Alternative spelling of cross-cap
estimand: that which is being estimated.
powerlaw: Alternative spelling of power law
backland: Land that lies behind or beyond some primary settlement or development.
skijorer: One who skijors.
skicross: The sport of skiercross.
maculele: An Afro-Brazilian dance and martial art in which a number of people gather in a circle and rhythmically strike sticks together to accompany singing.
riceball: Alternative spelling of rice ball
crudware: Crapware.
megapack: A particularly large pack (group or bundle).
careware: Charityware.
miniplay: A very short play (dramatic work).
duckwalk: Alternative spelling of duck walk
snocross: A sport in which snowmobiles are raced at high speed on artificial tracks.
snocross: Alternative form of snowcross (“snowbike mini-snowmobile motocross”)
hechsher: A certification that a food product or establishment is kosher.
hechsher: A marking indicating that a food product has such a certification.
massebah: A sacred Jewish pillar.
mazzebah: A sacred Jewish pillar.
wonkfest: A self-congratulatory meeting of wonks (overly studious individuals).
imidazol: Alternative form of imidazole
intender: One who intends.
slogfest: An activity or event characterized by a long duration and an exhausting, wearisome perception by its participants.
quartino: A carafe that can hold a quarter of a litre of wine.
workgang: A group of individuals assigned to, or engaged in, a common task.
milk-cap: A mushroom of the genus Lactarius.
dysphagy: difficulty in swallowing
exophagy: Cannibalism, of those outside a social group.
zoophagy: The feeding on animals
friezing: A frieze.
scruffle: A scuffle; a physical fight or struggle.
mealtide: The tide or time when one receives his part, portion, or measure of food; the hour for a meal; mealtime.
Gary Stu: A male Mary Sue.
uropathy: Any disease or disorder of the urinary tract.
uropathy: The therapeutic use of urine; urine therapy.
ooziness: The state or condition of being oozy.
voidness: The state or condition of being void.
portaloo: A portable toilet.
aciduria: The presence of an acid in the urine
aldolase: An enzyme, present in some tissue, that catalyses the conversion of phosphates of fructose to those of glyceraldehyde and dihydroxyacetone
copygirl: A female copy editor.
girlness: The state or condition of being a girl; femininity, girlhood.
kickdrum: A bass drum played using a foot pedal.
folkster: A folk musician.
infotech: Information technology.
boardies: Boardshorts.
saucepot: A pot used to make sauce.
saucepot: A person who behaves in a titillating or saucy manner.
Broonite: Alternative form of Brownite
isothere: An isotherm connecting points on a map with equal mean summer temperature.
bakeress: A female baker.
isocheim: An isotherm connecting points on a map with equal mean winter temperature.
makeress: A female maker or manufacturer.
fluxions: differential calculus
halflife: Alternative spelling of half-life
gennaker: A sail having characteristics of a genoa and a spinnaker.
sheepman: A shepherd.
miromiro: The tom-tit.
dramshop: A shop selling alcohol.
goldrush: Alternative spelling of gold rush
volleyer: A player who hits volleys.
kohekohe: Dysoxylum spectabile, a medium-sized tree native to New Zealand, related to mahogany.
crosstab: Alternative spelling of cross tab; A cross tabulation
isobront: An isoline drawn through geographical points at which a given phase of thunderstorm activity occurred simultaneously.
isobront: An isoline drawn through geographical points which, on average, experience the same number of thundery days per year.
fox hunt: Alternative form of foxhunt
kingpost: Alternative spelling of king post
rataplan: A continuous, even drumming or rapping, as of the hooves of a galloping horse, or machine-gun fire.
diciness: Alternative spelling of diceyness
artilect: An artificial intellect, a supposed artificial intelligence that may outstrip its human creators in mental capability.
twazzock: a stupid or annoying person.
alarsite: A trigonal mineral with the chemical formula Al[AsO₄].
bioerror: A mistake of biological science that endangers humankind.
greyback: A Confederate soldier during the US Civil War (because of the grey uniforms).
greyback: A louse.
greyback: Any of various grey birds.
autoboot: The automatic booting of a system.
hedgepig: A hedgehog.
bad bank: A bank created to specialize in the ownership of defaulted loans and their collection.
pareunia: sexual intercourse
case fan: A cooling fan in a personal computer
gynocide: The killing of women and girls, especially considered as a social phenomenon.
Munroist: One who has climbed all of the Munros (Scottish mountains of more than 3,000 feet in height).
habiline: A specimen of the now extinct species Homo habilis.
skateway: An ice rink or other route for ice skating.
prelease: A lease arranged in advance.
posthole: A cut feature used to hold a surface timber or stone, usually much deeper than it is wide.
iotacism: Pronunciation of another vowel or diphthong as [i], or a vowel shift resulting in such pronunciation, especially in Greek.
iotacism: A misspelling resulting from such pronunciation.
toywoman: A female seller of toys.
apatheia: A state of mind in Stoic philosophy in which one is free from emotional disturbance; the freedom from all passions.
tridacna: Any member of the genus Tridacna of large saltwater clams with heavy fluted shells.
koromiko: A shrub, Hebe stricta, endemic to New Zealand.
meathook: Alternative spelling of meat hook
paygrade: Alternative spelling of pay grade
cyberage: The computer-driven Information Age.
finitist: A proponent of finitism.
finitism: An extreme form of constructivism, according to which a mathematical object does not exist unless it can be constructed from natural numbers in a finite number of steps.
stoozing: A form of arbitrage in which money is borrowed at an interest rate of 0% and invested elsewhere to make a profit until the borrowing period ends.
waterbus: Alternative spelling of water bus
mecoprop: A common herbicide.
welladay: A cry of "welladay".
bad seed: A genetic source of bad behavior or other negative results.
co-uncle: of a man, an uncle of one's niece or nephew who is not one's brother; a co-brother-in-law as common uncle to the children of two men's married siblings.
co-uncle: a man's brother, as uncle in common to the children of a third sibling
air ride: The smooth ride in a vehicle resulting from an active pneumatic suspension system, instead of springs or a hydraulic system.
air ride: An active pneumatic suspension system for a vehicle.
Praguian: A member of the Prague linguistic circle.
descaler: That which descales (removes scale from a surface).
subclade: A clade that is included in another clade.
subclade: A subgroup of a subgenus or haplogroup
rip tide: Alternative spelling of riptide.
Lisboner: Someone from Lisbon.
Eichmann: One who willingly participates in immoral or destructive actions without ethical qualms because the actions are acceptable to society.
wharenui: An ornamental Maori meeting house representing the body of a tupuna, forming part of the larger marae complex.
Nicosian: Someone from Nicosia.
Jakartan: Someone from Jakarta.
Kabulese: someone from Kabul
antidyon: The antiparticle of the dyon.
gunwoman: A female gunman.
innatism: The view that the mind is born with certain ideas or knowledge, as opposed to the idea of the "blank slate" or tabula rasa.
megaplan: A large-scale plan, especially one relating to construction.
Seoulite: Someone from Seoul.
xeraphim: An old monetary unit of Bombay, equal to three fifths of a rupee.
Baianism: A school of thought, the immediate historical predecessor of Jansenism, that claimed thorough Augustinianism over the scholasticism which held sway over most Catholic theologians at the time.
birimbao: Alternative spelling of berimbau
Baghdadi: Someone from Baghdad.
holeshot: The position of being the first rider to pass the first turn of the course.
enuretic: A person who has enuresis.
cleruchy: A form of Athenian colony in the time of Ancient Greece, under which the settlers or cleruchs retained their citizenship, and were assigned plots, or kleroi, of agricultural land, while the community remained a political dependency of Athens.
Mozabite: A member of a Berber ethnic group living in the M'zab region of the Sahara
medimnus: A unit of dry capacity, in Ancient Greece, equal to about 52-58 litres, according to region and era.
shar-pei: A dog of a distinctive breed with deep wrinkles, especially when young, a blue-black tongue, and a rough short coat.
modalism: The nontrinitarian doctrine that God, who is one person, has three modes of divine revelation, [the Father, Son, and Spirit], contrary to the orthodox belief that the three persons are all fully God.
forespin: Topspin.
hind tit: An inferior source of food or other resources.
beef rib: A section of a cow from which meat is butchered.
beef rib: A cut of meat from that section.
fluidram: The dram (unit of volume).
tofurkey: A meat substitute resembling turkey, usually made from tofu.
modalist: A believer in modalism.
postgirl: A girl who delivers the post; a young postwoman.
dysmelia: Any congenital disorder of the limbs, such as amelia or syndactyly.
ursodiol: Ursodeoxycholic acid.
threeish: Any time close to three o'clock.
eightish: Any time close to eight o'clock.
sevenish: Any time close to seven o'clock.
fiveling: A twin crystal formed from five individuals
midhinge: A measure of location of a batch or sample equal to the average of the first and third quartiles. Equivalently, it is the 25% trimmed mid-range.
fartarse: Alternative spelling of fart-arse
foreward: An advance group; the vanguard.
foreward: Misspelling of foreword.
menuetto: An Italian minuet.
metafile: A file in any format that can store multiple types of data, typically a graphics file format.
beachful: Enough to fill a beach.
izibongo: A form of Zulu praise poetry that extols somebody's fame.
webspace: Disk space used to store web pages and other content that can be accessed through the World Wide Web.
webspace: One of the spaces between the fingers or toes that contains a web of skin.
codriver: The navigator in the sport of rally racing, who sits in the front passenger seat and gives directions to the driver.
codriver: A fellow driver; where multiple people take turns driving, a person who is not currently driving.
demilune: A fortification constructed beyond the main ditch of a fortress, and in front of the curtain between two bastions, intended to defend the curtain; a ravelin.
demilune: A crescentic mass of granular protoplasm present in the salivary glands.
tautonym: A binomial name consisting of the same word twice, such as Bison bison.
tautonym: A word or term made from two identical parts or syllables, such as bonbon or dada.
tautonym: An absolute synonym.
squamule: A small scale.
isibongo: A complimentary metonym used to describe members of a Zulu clan.
spaneria: A scarcity of males.
maindrag: Alternative spelling of main drag
canonist: An expert in canon law; canon lawyer
aeroclub: A flying club; an organization for aircraft pilots.
expresso: Alternative form of espresso
zoophite: Alternative spelling of zoophyte
minimall: A small mall (shopping centre).
zonetime: The time in a particular time zone, based on a meridian, as opposed to standard time.
zoophobe: A zoophobic person.
qalamdan: A Persian box or case for storing a pen.
zombiism: The condition of being a zombie.
zakouska: Alternative spelling of zakuska
zambomba: A Spanish friction drum, consisting of a ceramic pot with a skin and a pole in the middle. To play it, the stick is rubbed to make a deep sound
zingiber: Any member of the genus Zingiber of gingers.
bump cap: A hard hat.
bump cap: A form of baseball cap.
zoöloger: Alternative spelling of zoologer
threefin: A triplefin.
otorrhea: Discharge of fluid from an external ear.
kinomics: The study of the kinome.
nit-noid: A small and inconsequential detail.
cenogram: A graphical comparison of the average adult weight of mammalian species within a terrestrial area.
shit bag: Alternative spelling of shitbag
cocoplum: A fruit of the tree Chrysobalanus icaco.
cocoplum: A tree of the species Chrysobalanus icaco
Lamanite: A member of the group of descendants of Laman who live in the Americas and include the modern-day American Indians.
shit-fit: Alternative spelling of shit fit
snit-fit: Alternative spelling of snit fit
coathook: A hook meant for supporting a hanging coat.
fudgicle: An ice-cream (on a stick) flavoured with fudge
fat camp: A summer camp where obese children are sent in order to lose weight.
shit fit: A childish display of anger or frustration; a tantrum; a frantic outburst.
footwell: The space for the feet in front of a seat in a vehicle
nixtamal: Hominy; maize kernels which have undergone nixtamalization, that is, hulling and soaking and cooking in an alkaline solution.
testiere: Complete armour for a horse's head.
timballo: A timbale (food).
sedulity: diligence, persistence
pueblito: A small pueblo or village.
cake tin: The tin in which a cake is baked.
dioptase: An intense emerald-green to bluish-green copper cyclosilicate mineral.
fracking: Hydraulic fracturing.
viperine: Any viper of the subfamily Viperinae
galectin: A lectin that binds galactosides
westside: The western side of a building, street, area etc.
slapsies: A children's game in which the players position themselves in a circle and each place one hand in the centre (normally on top of a table or other item of furniture). An ordinal number or another word such as "last" or "penultimate" is then called out by someone and whoever draws their hand away from the circle at that position has their hand slapped by the other players.
MySpacer: A member of the social networking website MySpace.
grip-car: Alternative spelling of grip car
codeface: Alternative spelling of code face
Béarnais: An inhabitant or descendant of the population of the Béarn region in the French Pyrenees
trouvère: A medieval lyric poet using the Northern langue d’oïl (precursor dialects of modern French), as opposed to their older, southern example, the original troubadours, who used langue d’oc (Occitan)
trouveur: A minstrel, a troubadour.
quietage: Quietness; stillness, peace.
medspeak: The jargon used by the medical community.
megabook: An extremely large book.
medjidie: A coin of the Ottoman Empire, worth twenty piasters.
saturity: The state of being satiated; fullness, repletion.
fainéant: Alternative spelling of faineant
mee krob: A type of crispy rice noodles from Thailand, normally served with a sweet sauce.
synanthy: the abnormal fusion of two or more flowers
Megarian: Someone from Megara.
whaleman: A (male) whaler.
hydrosol: A sol (colloid) in which the continuous phase (dispersing medium) is water
melalgia: Pain in a limb.
wormfish: Any of the family Microdesmidae of small goby-like fish which often burrow in estuarine mud.
clubroot: A common disease of cabbages, radishes, turnips, and other plants of the Cruciferae, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae, in which galls form on latent roots, rendering them clublike.
clubroot: A root thus affected.
pump-jet: A marine system that creates a jet of water for propulsion of watercraft.
calotype: A talbotype.
prunella: A member of the genus Prunella of herbaceous plants, the allheals.
prunella: Any of various diseases characterised by inflammation of the mouth or throat.
prunella: A smooth worsted or silk fabric, generally black, formerly used for making shoes and clergymen's gowns.
pearlite: A two-phased lamellar structure composed of alternating layers of alpha ferrite and cementite that occurs in some steels and cast irons, having a pearlescent appearance.
pearlite: Alternative form of perlite
Turkoman: Alternative form of Turcoman
abordage: The act of boarding a ship as part of an attack.
guruship: The status of a guru.
saturant: A substance which is used to saturate another.
saturant: An antacid, such as magnesia, used to reduce stomach acidity.
roundlet: A small disk, circle or other round object.
rondelet: A metric verse (form), modeled after the rondeau, in two rhymes over seven lines, the first (in four syllables) being repeated as third and refrain (final one), each other line having eight syllables
reverter: One who, or that which, reverts.
reverter: The reversion of ownership of an estate in land to the original grantor pursuant to the occurrence of a condition set forth in the original grant.
Satanity: inherent evilness; Satan-like quality.
Satanity: The religion composed of all extant Satanisms.
lardball: An overweight person.
wankfest: An event, publication, etc. that is wanky: narcissistically foolish or pretentious.
Rhaetian: A native or inhabitant of Rhaetia in central and eastern Switzerland.
stallage: The erection and use of a stall at a fair or market.
stallage: The dues levied for the erection and use of a stall at a fair or market.
stallage: dung of cattle or horses, mixed with straw
plenarty: The state of a benefice when occupied.
zoanthid: Any member of the order Zoanthidea of cnidarians commonly found in coral reefs and other marine environments.
interrex: An official in Ancient Rome who acted as single head of state during the interregnum between two consulates.
interrex: An equivalent regent from the death of a Polish king till the election and enthronement of his successor.
interrex: A similar interim ruler, CEO, etc.
S-A node: Abbreviation of sinoatrial node.
homodont: Any organism with teeth all of the same type.
buy-down: Alternative spelling of buydown
Ivoirian: Ivorian
foreland: A headland.
foreland: In plate tectonics, the zone adjacent to a mountain chain where material eroded from it is deposited.
Novatian: A follower of Novatianism.
homopter: Any insect of the order Homoptera.
sabbatia: A plant of Sabatia, a genus of smooth slender North American herbs (family Gentianaceae) with opposite leaves and showy white or rose-pink cymose flowers.
red lion: the puma.
pie-wipe: Alternative form of piewipe
blackwit: the black-tailed godwit.
spot-red: The spotted redshank.
sabbatic: Alternative form of sabbatical
pennying: The activity of pennying in general, as part of a meal or drinking game, whereby dropping a penny in a person's drink means that they must finish it (or some such variation thereof); commonly associated with crewdates at Oxford and swaps at Cambridge.
pennying: An act of pennying, as part of a meal or drinking game.
triptote: A noun which has three cases.
raspador: Synonym of reco-reco (“musical instrument”)
scanline: Alternative spelling of scan line
macrotia: Abnormal development of the auricle of the ear
lorryful: As much as a lorry can hold.
sabbaton: Alternative spelling of sabaton
sabadine: A crystalline alkaloid which is found in sabadilla seeds
wambling: A churning of the stomach accompanied by nausea.
kickline: A line of dancers who perform a kicking dance such as the cancan.
paspalum: Any member of the genus Paspalum of tall perennial grasses, the bahiagrasses or Dallis grasses.
cat lady: A woman, often elderly, who devotes her time and attention to one or usually many domestic cats.
lemuroid: A member of the Lemuroidea superfamily of strepsirrhine primates, including lemurs
lemuroid: An animal that has the appearance or characteristics of a lemur
opsigamy: marriage at an old age
dotation: The act of dotating or bestowing something; endowment, or an instance of this.
dotation: A grant of revenues from territory conquered by the French Empire (c. 1804–1814).
resigner: Someone who resigns.
hôtelier: Alternative spelling of hotelier
sabellid: A worm of the genus Sabella or the family Sabellidae.
UPC code: Universal product code.
whydunit: A type of detective story in which the focus is not on who committed the crime, but what were their motives for committing it.
sabinene: A liquid bicyclic unsaturated terpene hydrocarbon which is found usually in savin oil. It is the isomer of thujene containing a double bond outside the rings.
long arm: A pole tool used for handling things too far away to reach.
long arm: Influence; far-reaching power.
long arm: A gun with a long barrel, such as a rifle or shotgun.
long arm: A quilting machine that holds the fabric stationary on long rollers but allows the sewing mechanism to move around the surface of the fabric.
howdunit: A type of detective story in which the focus is not on who committed the crime, but how they have done so.
clinique: Archaic spelling of clinic.
aneurism: Alternative spelling of aneurysm
præserve: Archaic spelling of preserve.
retentor: A muscle which holds a body part in place, notably in extended or retracted position
aneurysm: An abnormal blood-filled swelling of an artery or vein, resulting from a localized weakness in the wall of the vessel.
sacbrood: A viral disease in honey bees which affects the larvae, causing them to shrivel up and become scalelike.
sacaline: A coarse herb (Fallopia sachalinensis) that is cultivated in the U.S. for forage and for decorative purposes.
meatware: Human beings or their brains, when regarded as a form of computer hardware or software.
liveware: People who work with computers, as opposed to the software or hardware they use; loosely, human beings, as opposed to technology.
Habsburg: A member of the Habsburg noble family.
coronach: A dirge or lamentation.
bluetail: Either of two species of passerine bird in the genus Tarsiger.
bluetail: Any of several species of damselfly in the genus Ischnura.
exanthem: A widespread rash usually occurring in children.
hashcode: Alternative spelling of hash code
hash map: A hash table.
humanure: Human excrement that is recycled via composting for agricultural or other purposes.
kreutzer: A medieval silver coin once used as currency in southern Germany and Austria.
livelock: A state resembling deadlock in which various computational processes are constantly changing but never reach a point where any of them can proceed.
carrozzi: Alternative spelling of karozzin
isomorph: Anything that exhibits isomorphism
aruspice: Alternative form of haruspex
nol pros: Abbreviation of nolle prosequi.
cocobolo: An oily tropical hardwood from Central America.
cocobolo: An old South American coin.
minorant: A function, all of whose values are not greater than the corresponding values of another function
sagamite: Alternative spelling of sagamité
sagamité: Hulled Indian corn, or a stew made of this.
cascader: Any of various species of dragonfly of the genus Zygonyx, family Libellulidae, which commonly inhabit watercourses with waterfalls.
sage hen: The sage grouse, especially the female.
lady boy: Alternative spelling of ladyboy
shitware: Software of exceptionally poor quality.
antiplay: A play (dramatical production) that deliberately avoids the typical conventions of the play, such as a coherent plot and resolution.
wild man: A primitive man who dwells outside of civilized society; a savage person without culture.
wild man: A rowdy, dissolute, rash, or violent man.
wild man: A man who advocates unorthodox or outrageous opinions or who behaves in an eccentric manner.
flashmob: Alternative spelling of flash mob
Sahaptin: A member of a Native American people who occupied a large territory along the Columbia river in northern Idaho, Oregon and Washington.
posedown: The final part of a competition in which two or more bodybuilders pose freestyle on stage side by side, rather than individually.
salt cod: cod that has been dried and salted
leg curl: An exercise performed on a machine in which the hamstring muscles are exerted to bend the knee while acting against resistance applied to the lower calf. The exercise may be performed while prone or standing, depending on the design of the machine.
deskside: A computer intended to be placed alongside a desk, etc. (contrasted with the smaller desktop models).
cubeland: The office environment, where people work in cubes (cubicles).
Sahelian: A native or inhabitant of the Sahel.
croqueta: A Cuban croquette, usually made of ham, beef, chicken, or fish, and generally based on flour rather than potatoes.
Chrysler: An automobile of the make Chrysler: formerly, often used as an example of a luxury car (mid-20th century).
banneret: Clipping of knight banneret: a knight entitled to subinfeudate his estate and to lead men in battle under his own banner.
banneret: A small banner.
banneret: A proposed but unadopted senior commissioned rank of the Royal Air Force equivalent to group captain.
banneret: A civil officer in some Swiss cantons.
fir-cone: The conical fruit of a fir tree.
afrodite: Alternative form of aphrodite; stevensite.
aniridia: A rare congenital condition characterized by the underdevelopment of the iris of the eye.
terrasse: terrace, patio
terrasse: A representation of the ground, serving as the base for another object; a terrace.
roshambo: Synonym of rock paper scissors
saibling: A char of Europe (Salvelinus alpinus), also called Arctic char.
tourelle: A turret.
moonseed: A twining plant of the genera Menispermum or Cocculus, in the family Menispermaceae.
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: Family Monodactylidae (fingerfishes, silver angelfishes)
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: Mene maculata, of tropical coastal waters of the Indo-Pacific
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: Most species of genus Selene
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: Atlantic spadefish (Chaetodipterus faber)
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: Family Molidae (ocean sunfish)
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: The opahs in the family Lamprididae.
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: The cusk (Brosme brosme), a North Atlantic cod-like fish in the ling family Lotidae, the only species in its genus.
moonfish: Any of various flat, oval marine fish species.
moonfish: The southern platyfish (Xiphophorus maculatus)
alocasia: Any of several tropical Asian plants, of the genus Alocasia, having heart- or arrowhead-shaped leaves.
barabara: Alternative form of barrabora
vergette: A small pale.
saintdom: Synonym of sainthood
saintess: A female saint.
axhandle: The handle of an ax.
smilodon: Any member of the extinct genus Smilodon, the saber-toothed tigers.
Zip disk: A disk of the kind that can be read and written by a Zip drive.
zonality: The state or condition of being zonal.
gadiform: Any fish of the order Gadiformes
tree rat: Any of very many diverse rodents
tree rat: A squirrel.
chipekwe: A rhinoceroslike creature of Central African legend.
showreel: A video portfolio demonstrating the talents of an actor, director, etc.
Burnsian: One who celebrates Burns night.
Burnsian: A scholar of the writings of Robert Burns.
orienter: A person or thing that orients.
anadrome: A word which forms a different word when spelled backwards.
anadrome: An anadromous fish.
pyranone: Synonym of pyrone
wild ass: Any of several wild equine mammals closely related to donkey, endemic to Asia and northeast Africa.
palmiped: A web-footed bird.
anasarca: Severe generalised oedema.
endbrain: The anterior part of the forebrain; the telencephalon.
powerset: Alternative spelling of power set
maggotry: An utter absurdity; folly.
malaprop: A malapropism.
tonnelet: Alternative form of tonlet
nonplace: That which is not a place but has some aspects of one, such as cyberspace.
mandator: A director; one who gives a mandate or order.
mandator: The person who employs another to perform a mandate.
brailler: A typewriter used to emboss paper with braille cells to be read by the visually impaired instead of using a manual stylus.
Croation: Misspelling of Croatian.
L-system: A parallel rewriting system; a rewriting system in which as many rewrite rules as possible are applied at each step.
provosty: The office or remit of a provost, especially with reference to French history.
snapback: The reimposition of an earlier and usually higher tariff.
snapback: An adjustable, flat-brimmed baseball cap with snap fasteners on the back.
quizbook: A book containing questions and answers on some topic, intended to test the reader's knowledge or to form the basis of a quiz.
hexalogy: A set of six works of art that are connected, and that can be seen either as a single work or as six individual works, commonly found in literature, film, or video games.
decalogy: A set of ten works of art that are connected, and that can be seen either as a single work or as ten individual works.
jackfish: A jack (in any of the senses referring to types of fish).
jagghery: Alternative spelling of jaggery
jakfruit: Alternative spelling of jackfruit
jambiyah: Alternative spelling of jambiya
guaracha: A genre of Cuban popular music with rapid tempo and lyrics.
guaracha: A piece performed in this style.
dunkfest: A game involving many dunks.
jararaka: Alternative spelling of jararaca
jellabah: Alternative spelling of jellaba
cameleon: Obsolete form of chameleon.
scammony: Convolvulus scammonia, a twining perennial bindweed native to the eastern part of the Mediterranean basin, whose juice has been used in medicine as scammonium.
scammony: The cathartic gum resin obtained from this plant.
esquilax: A rabbit.
janisary: Alternative spelling of janissary.
chaffing: The act by which somebody is chaffed; a teasing.
aunthood: The quality or state of being an aunt.
milanesa: a thin slice of beef or another meat, dipped into beaten eggs, seasoned with salt and other condiments (like parsley and garlic), dipped in breadcrumbs and shallow-fried in oil, typical of Argentina.
jodeller: Alternative spelling of yodeller
jimcrack: Alternative spelling of gimcrack
forebody: The forepart of a vehicle.
forebody: The part of the vessel forward of amidships.
forebody: thorax
jirkinet: An outer jacket or jerkin worn by women.
wireweed: Any member of the genus Polygonella of knotweeds and smartweeds.
jockette: A female jockey.
jockette: The female equivalent of a jock.
Legoland: A place characterised by square edges and extreme regularity.
scissura: A fissure; a cleft.
passcode: A string of characters used for authentication on a digital device.
scissure: A longitudinal opening made by cutting; a cleft; a fissure.
jackwood: Cryptocarya glaucescens, a rainforest tree of eastern Australia whose bark is dark brown or reddish-brown and often scaly.
cybercop: A member of a cyberpolice force.
cybercop: A user who attempts to enforce netiquette or other standards.
haircare: The care and treatment of the hair.
pochette: Synonym of kit violin
pochette: A small handbag shaped like an envelope.
trichlor: Trichloroethylene.
trichlor: trichloroisocyanuric acid, commonly used as a pool disinfectant.
furfuran: Furan.
axoplasm: The cytoplasm of an axon
pimozide: A potent antipsychotic drug.
peruviol: Nerolidol.
progerin: A truncated version of the protein lamin A, involved in progeria.
pigopoly: A cartel of greedy, overcharging businesses, specifically the entertainment industry.
feedhorn: A horn antenna used to convey electromagnetic waves between the transceiver and the reflector.
brachium: The upper arm.
progeria: An extremely rare genetic condition wherein symptoms resembling aspects of aging are manifested at an early age.
prothese: Alternative form of prosthesis (artificial body part replacement)
pictural: A picture.
Fedspeak: Impenetrable economic jargon used by the US Federal Reserve.
segfault: A segmentation fault.
beeyotch: Alternative spelling of biatch
Shaivite: Alternative form of Saivite
band-saw: Alternative spelling of bandsaw
band saw: Alternative spelling of bandsaw
sal soda: sodium carbonate
plougher: Alternative spelling of plower
Shaktism: A branch of Hinduism that focuses on the worship of Shakti as a supreme goddess.
salading: Vegetables or herbs to be used in a salad.
antiacid: Antacid.
bellrope: Alternative spelling of bell rope
ramequin: Archaic form of ramekin.
lutidine: Any of several dimethyl derivatives of pyridine, but especially 2,6-dimethyl pyridine that occurs in coal tar
sclarene: A diterpene present in the foliage of Podocarpus hallii.
racemase: Any enzyme that catalyzes the stereochemical inversion of the configuration about an asymmetric carbon atom in a substrate having only one center of asymmetry.
alluvion: The increase in the area of land due to the deposition of sediment (alluvium) by a river.
cafestol: A diterpene molecule present in coffee.
packmate: A member of the same pack (social group).
débouché: An exit or outlet.
débouché: A market for goods.
liveness: The property of being alive.
liveness: A set of properties of a concurrent system that require the system to make progress despite the fact that its concurrently executing processes may have to take turns in critical sections.
saléeite: Alternative form of saleeite
slopdosh: wet mud
folklife: Folklore; those cultural traditions passed down orally or informally.
tattooee: A person receiving a tattoo.
ne exeat: A common law writ prohibiting the departure of a person or of property from the jurisdiction of a court.
salariat: Salary earners as a class or group, often as opposed to wage earners.
Hapsburg: Alternative spelling of Habsburg
massaman: A Thai curry of Muslim origin (or the paste used to make it), usually containing coconut milk, roasted peanuts, potatoes, bay leaves, cardamom pods, cinnamon, palm sugar, fish sauce, and tamarind sauce.
promiser: One who promises; a person who makes a promise; someone who makes a solemn promise to do something.
barnacle: A marine crustacean of the subclass Cirripedia that attaches itself to submerged surfaces such as tidal rocks or the bottoms of ships.
barnacle: The barnacle goose.
barnacle: In electrical engineering, a change made to a product on the manufacturing floor that was not part of the original product design.
barnacle: On printed circuit boards, a change such as soldering a wire in order to connect two points, or addition such as an added resistor or capacitor, subassembly or daughterboard.
barnacle: A deprecated or obsolete file, image or other artifact that remains with a project even though it is no longer needed.
barnacle: An instrument like a pair of pincers, to fix on the nose of a vicious horse while shoeing so as to make it more tractable.
barnacle: A pair of spectacles.
barnacle: A good job, or snack easily obtained.
barnacle: A worldly sailor.
riluzole: A drug used to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
pornstar: Alternative spelling of porn star
cryopump: A vacuum pump that traps gases and vapours by condensing them on a cold surface
housepet: A domestic pet, one that lives mostly indoors.
toxaemia: Alternative spelling of toxemia, organic blood poisoning
sectator: A follower, a disciple; someone who follows a particular school; partisan.
albumose: Any of a class of polypeptides formed by digestion of protein; proteose
garbidge: Archaic spelling of garbage.
scrobble: A datum or the aggregate data collected by this means.
newslady: A newswoman.
superkey: Any set of attributes of a relation variable (relvar) that serve to identify a single tuple or row, no other tuple having the same value for every attribute in the set.
tabooing: The imposition of a taboo.
caproate: A hexanoate.
gem-diol: A geminal diol.
brazilin: A red pigment obtained from brazilwood.
whizbang: A type of firework that made a whiz before exploding
whizbang: A small artillery shell
whizbang: Someone or something that holds an explosive amount of success, skill or effectiveness.
tidytips: Any of the flowering plants of the genus Layia in the daisy family; they are erect annual herbs with dark glandular stems.
concause: A joint cause.
sorceror: Misspelling of sorcerer.
colloque: Obsolete form of colloquy.
tipstaff: A ceremonial staff, with a metal tip, carried by a constable or bailiff etc as a sign of office
tipstaff: An officer, of a court etc. who carries such a staff
swingset: A set of swings (hanging seats for children) attached to a frame.
eminency: prominence or relative importance
eminency: eminence
eminency: a height or prominence; an elevated point
eminency: a point in which one excels; a forte
eminency: an outstanding quality
rockpile: A pile of rocks.
viverrid: Any member of the family Viverridae
cash box: Alternative spelling of cashbox
imazapyr: A nonselective herbicide used for the control of a broad range of weeds.
zygosity: The quality or characteristics of a zygote
zygotene: The intimate pairing of homologous chromosomes during the synaptic stage of meiosis
okroshka: A cold raw vegetable soup, part of the national cuisines of Russia and Ukraine.
patagial: A bone that stiffens the patagium in some flying reptiles.
Oriental: A precious stone, especially an orient pearl.
Oriental: A member or descendant of the peoples and cultures of the Orient.
Oriental: A lily cultivar of a widely varied group, with strong scent.
Oriental: A person from the eastern region of a place.
plumeria: frangipani
bitfield: A sequence of bits (binary digits) which can be toggled individually as flags.
blanscue: a misfortune, an unforeseen accident
freetard: A zealous advocate of free software.
fauvette: Any of a number of small songbird, such as nightingales or warblers.
lightbar: A bar mounted on the roof of a vehicle, such as a police car, with rotating beacons or other lights to provide a visual warning.
vachette: A piece of strong steel wire with the ends curved and pointed, used on toe or quarter cracks to bind the edges together and prevent motion. It is clasped into two notches, one on each side of the crack, burned into the wall with a cautery iron.
zapatera: A cured olive which has spoiled or is on the verge of decomposition.
zapatera: An olive defective because of bruises, wormholes, etc.
gullwing: One of a pair of doors, as of an aircraft, resembling a gull's wings when open.
gullwing: Synonym of goose wing (sail position).
mongongo: A large, spreading tree (Schinziophyton rautanenii) of the family Euphorbiaceae, found on wooded hills and among sand dunes, with distinctive hand-shaped leaves, whose pale yellow wood resembles balsa.
mongongo: Its egg-shaped, velvety fruit, having a thin layer of edible flesh surrounding a highly nutritious nut.
swiftlet: Any of the various tropical and subtropical birds of the four genera Aerodramus, Hydrochous, Schoutedenapus, and Collocalia in the swift family, many of which can navigate in darkness using echolocation.
multiton: A creational design pattern resembling the singleton pattern except that multiple keyed instances of the class can be created.
multiton: The class used for the multiton pattern.
shitwork: Work of low status or yielding little satisfaction.
lard-ass: An overweight person.
chubster: An overweight person.
chubster: A person with chubby cheeks.
paganica: A Roman ball stuffed with feathers, used in a game that is sometimes considered a precursor to golf (since early golf balls had a similar construction).
paganica: The game itself.
eyedness: The quality of having a dominant eye - one eye that is used more than the other.
eyedness: The state or quality of having a particular type of eye or eyes.
eobiotic: Such a substance
pole jam: A trick where the skateboarder skates over a bent pole.
heelflip: A flip trick where the skateboarder kicks the board in order to make it flip 360 degrees along its long axis.
capsicol: Capsaicin.
loopback: The routing of a signal, data stream, etc. from its origin back to the origin, primarily as a means of testing the transmission or transportation infrastructure.
minidump: A small core dump comprising 64 kilobytes of memory (on 32-bit systems) or 128 kilobytes (on 64-bit systems).
vanillyl: A functional group that characterizes the vanilloids.
hyposmia: A reduced ability to smell and to detect odours
murexide: Ammonium purpurate, the ammonium salt of purpuric acid, used as a complexometric indicator and a colorimetric reagent.
esquisse: The first sketch of a picture or model of a statue.
methylal: Dimethoxymethane.
induline: Any of a series of blue, bluish-red and black dyestuffs, formed by the interaction of para-amino azo compounds with primary monoamines in the presence of a small quantity of a mineral acid.
droxicam: A certain oxicam drug.
surmulot: The brown rat.
agronome: An agronomist.
atlastin: Any of a family of proteins whose function is to fuse cell membranes
agmatine: The amine (4-aminobutyl)guanidine which is a decarboxylation product of arginine and an intermediate in polyamine biosynthesis
podosome: The primary site of integrin-stimulated actin polymerization in some leukocytes
stemness: An essential characteristic of a stem cell that distinguishes it from ordinary cells.
autozoom: automatic zoom
exaliter: Alternative form of exalitre
destrudo: A destructive impulse, the opposite of libido.
big iron: Large, expensive, powerful computers such as mainframes.
sanation: Act of healing or curing.
redresse: Obsolete spelling of redress.
othering: gerund of other: the process of perceiving or portraying someone or something as essentially alien or different.
enclisis: The use of enclitics in the syntax of a language.
pancarte: A royal charter confirming to a subject all his possessions.
beheader: One who beheads or decapitates.
hæritage: Archaic spelling of heritage.
langauge: Misspelling of language.
wipe-out: Alternative spelling of wipeout
safranin: A biological stain used in histology and cytology.
enthesis: The insertion point at which a tendon, ligament, or muscle inserts into a bone.
duplicon: A chromosome-specific low-copy repeat.
abacavir: An antiretroviral drug (trademark Ziagen) taken orally in the form of its sulfate (C₁₄H₁₈N₆O)₂·H₂SO₄ in combination with other antiretroviral drugs to treat HIV infections. It is a synthetic nucleoside analog that acts by inhibiting reverse transcriptase. It causes potentially serious hypersensitivity reactions in a small percentage of patients.
conazole: Any of a family of triazole fungicides
beamtime: time allocated to a researcher for use of a beam of particles from a particular source
epilayer: The contact layer between a pair of epitaxial crystals.
hemocoel: Alternative form of haemocoel
calponin: Any of a family of proteins that bind calcium.
hibonite: A calcium aluminate mineral found in carbonaceous chondrite meteorites.
hypusine: The amino acid N6-(4-amino 2-hydroxybutyl)-L-lysine
wordness: The quality of being a word or words.
nephroma: a tumour of the renal system
steinbok: Alternative spelling of steenbok
racebike: A motorcycle designed for racing
swingarm: The main component of the rear suspension of most modern motorcycles and ATVs; holds the rear axle in place while swinging vertically to allow the suspension to absorb the shock from bumps in the road.
overlock: A stitch that sews over the edge of one or two pieces of cloth for edging, hemming or seaming.
demersal: Any demersal organism.
infester: something that infests.
subclump: A clump of dark matter in a subhalo.
expirant: One who expires or is expiring.
boom bap: A style/subgenre of hip hop characterized by hard-hitting drums, usually containing the kick drum/snare drum/hi-hat combination rather than claps, snaps, TR-808 bass drums, cowbells, shakers, and various other percussion sounds used for rhythm.
sun trap: A location that faces the sun and is sheltered from the wind
bisecant: A secant that cuts a curve at exactly two points
fairgoer: A person who is attending a fair.
diverger: One who, or that which, diverges.
diverger: A learner who prefers reflection on and discussion of their concrete experiences, and thus typically cultural and creative subjects.
ex-stock: Alternative spelling of ex stock
far left: The most radical part of the political left wing.
incitant: That which incites; an inciting agent or cause; a stimulant.
datafile: A computer file that stores data for use by an application or system.
glowplug: Alternative spelling of glow plug
dark art: Alternative form of black art
anadromy: The migration of fish, from salt water to fresh water, as adults
edgepath: A path comprising edges laid end to end.
swanskin: The skin of a swan with the down or feathers on.
swanskin: A type of brushed flannel cotton twill fabric.
octalogy: A set of eight works of art that are connected, and that can be seen either as a single work or as eight individual works. They are commonly found in literature, film, or video games.
chicaner: One who uses chicanery.
chaingun: Alternative spelling of chain gun
young'un: Child.
stooshie: The disruption caused by a disagreement or misunderstanding.
wordhood: The quality of being a word.
keepable: Something that can or should be kept.
zaleplon: A sedative hypnotic drug of the pyrazolopyrimidine class, mainly used to treat insomnia, rare among such drugs in having been found not to cause an increase in road traffic accidents.
cefdinir: A semisynthetic broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic, proven effective for common bacterial infections of the ear, sinus, throat, and skin.
mormyrid: Any member of the family Mormyridae of freshwater elephantfish.
tabtoxin: A simple monobactam biotoxin produced by Pseudomonas syringae.
lyuelode: Obsolete spelling of livelihood
paratext: In literary theory, meanings that are alluded to, above or beyond the printed text; interpretations of text.
paratext: All of the notes and explanations that make a text more understandable.
cefaclor: A semisynthetic analogue of the antibiotic cephalosporin.
nerdgasm: A feeling of great excitement or pleasure over something nerdy.
woodness: Madness, fury.
antipoet: A writer of antipoetry.
slotback: A particular position in American football, often a running back who lines up near the line of scrimmage and can function as a wide receiver.
slotback: A particular position in Canadian football, similar to a hybrid between wide receiver and running back.
perilene: Alternative spelling of perylene
antipoem: A work of antipoetry.
megahero: A very great hero.
etizolam: A thienodiazepine drug with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant and sedative properties.
honouree: One who receives an honour or award.
febantel: A certain anthelmintic drug.
ecrasite: An explosive material which is unaffected by moisture, shock and fire, a mixture of ammonium cresylate with picric acid that is prepared from trinitrocresol.
Byronian: An enthusiast of the works of Byron.
garrigue: A type of low scrubland found on limestone soils in southern France and other parts of the Mediterranean Basin.
lobeline: A natural alkaloid found in various plants, mostly of the genus Lobelia, a white amorphous powder which is freely soluble in water, used as an aid to smoking cessation.
azoimide: Hydrazoic acid
ototoxin: Any ototoxic agent.
swapsies: The act of swapping.
ketolide: Any ketone derivative of a macrolide, some of which are antibiotics
dysosmia: An olfactory disorder in which the sense of smell inaccurately conveys disagreeable sensations.
breadbin: Alternative spelling of bread bin
parergon: A piece of work that is supplementary to or a byproduct of a larger work.
endemism: The state of being endemic
endemism: An endemic species
younging: The direction in which stratigraphy becomes younger, for a particular formation
mainyard: The yard of the mainmast, from which the mainsail is hung
mammalia: Alternative letter-case form of Mammalia
para red: Paranitraniline red.
sumanene: A polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon, of scientific interest because the molecule can be considered a fragment of buckminsterfullerene.
psammite: Any sandstone, but most often a metamorphosed rock unit with a dominantly sandstone protolith
daleside: The side of a dale.
varanoid: Any member of the superfamily Varanoidea of lizards, including the well-known Australian family Varanidae (the goannas).
pyrantel: An antinematodal thiophene.
D-notice: A defence notice; an official request to news editors not to publish or broadcast items on specified subjects for reasons of national security (replaced in 1993 with the DA-notice).
ramscoop: A proposed space travel technology using enormous electromagnetic fields as a scoop to collect and compress hydrogen and trigger thermonuclear fusion, thus powering the vessel.
kiloyear: Synonym of millennium: A period of one thousand years.
xenology: The study of alien life.
xenology: Homology from horizontal gene transfer.
loricate: Any animal covered with bony scales, such as the crocodile or pangolin.
retrojet: A civil airliner painted in a historic livery.
gibberer: One who gibbers (talks rapidly and incoherently).
accolent: One who lives nearby; neighbor.
endurant: An entity that can be observed/perceived as a complete concept, regardless of the point in time.
cabestro: A trained steer used in bullfighting.
fuckings: Public abuse directed at rival demosceners, often included in the scrolltext of a demo; the negative equivalent of greets.
mycetism: Poisoning caused by mushrooms.
deskmate: One who sits with another person at the same desk.
deskmate: One who sits with another person at neighbouring (frequently, touching) desks.
assument: A patch; an addition; a piece put on.
activant: A substance or agent that activates a process.
bepridil: A nonselective calcium channel blocker formerly used to treat angina.
pyranine: A hydrophilic, pH-sensitive fluorescent arylsulfonate dye.
buformin: An antidiabetic drug of the biguanide class.
amrinone: A type 3 pyridine phosphodiesterase inhibitor used to treat congestive heart failure.
skip car: A small cart used to carry iron ore, coke, or limestone, inside a blast furnace. It travels through the furnaces on a skip hoist.
stunsail: studding sail
Munchkin: A domestic cat breed with short legs.
attester: One who attests.
sourdine: A muted trumpet.
sourdine: A mute; a damper.
oxyimino: A divalent radical of the form R-O-N=
stinkard: Any of various malodorous animals.
stinkard: A teledu or stink badger, endemic to the island of Java, Mydaus javanensis.
stinkard: A person whose behavior is hurtful and unsavory; a stinker.
prolonge: A rope with a hook and a toggle, sometimes used to drag a gun carriage or to lash it to the limber, and for various other purposes.
sharkfin: Alternative spelling of shark fin
cuirasse: The armour-like crust that forms upon the exposure of a lateritic soil profile.
cuirasse: Alternative form of cuirass (“breasplate”)
re-union: Alternative spelling of reunion
tryptone: The assortment of peptides formed by the digestion of casein by trypsin, a protease. Often used in the preparation of lysogeny broth.
etomoxir: A carnitine palmitoyltransferase inhibitor used to protects the heart from fatty acid-induced ischemic injury
kymogram: A graphical record produced by a kymograph.
actinian: A sea anemone (of the order Actiniaria).
hiramasa: Sushi made from the yellowtail amberjack, Seriola lalandi.
oxycline: A sharp gradient on oxygen concentration
eyestalk: A motile stalk having an eye at the tip.
maidenry: collectively, maidens, all the single women
corncake: johnnycake
bed head: Alternative spelling of bedhead
platisma: Obsolete form of platysma..
cnidaria: cnidarian
sea bass: Any of various species of saltwater fish in various families, or a specimen thereof, in several families in order Perciformes
nonavian: Alternative form of non-avian.
frocking: material for making frocks
ergoline: A tetracyclic heterocycle whose structural skeleton is contained in a diverse range of alkaloids, including some psychedelic drugs, and whose derivatives are used clinically for vasoconstriction and in the treatment of migraine and Parkinson's disease.
lisuride: A certain antiparkinsonian drug.
physnomy: Obsolete spelling of physiognomy
glypican: Any of a family of heparan sulfate proteoglycans, anchored to the cell surface via a covalent linkage to glycosylphosphatidylinositol.
syndecan: Any of a class of single transmembrane domain proteins thought to act as coreceptors, especially for G protein-coupled receptors.
herblore: The traditional knowledge, teaching, or study of herbs; herbalism.
sugarman: A worker in sugar production.
nonowner: One who is not an owner, especially in a business enterprise.
ergotism: The plant disease caused by ergot.
ergotism: The effect of long-term ergot poisoning, traditionally due to the ingestion of the alkaloids produced by the fungus Claviceps purpurea which infects rye and other cereals, and more recently by the action of a number of ergoline-based drugs, consisting of convulsive and gangrenous symptoms.
ergotism: The use of ergot-infested grain to poison animals.
ergotism: A logical deduction.
mollisol: A type of soil that forms in semiarid to semihumid areas, typically under a grassland cover, with deep, high organic matter and a nutrient-enriched surface soil (or horizon).
aridisol: A soil of the kind that dominates deserts and xeric shrublands, having a very low concentration of organic matter and little water.
solonetz: A type of soil with a so-called "natric horizon" within the upper metre of the soil profile and a subsoil with higher clay content than the upper horizon, the latter having more than 15% exchangeable sodium.
musk-rat: Alternative spelling of muskrat
slackard: slacker
puparium: An enclosing case of a pupa that is formed from the exoskeleton of an insect's final stage before pupation.
splitfin: Any fish in the freshwater cyprinodontid family Goodeidae
splitfin: Any fish belonging to several species of the percoid genus Synagrops
splitfin: Any fish in the serranid genus Luzonichthys
connexon: An assembly of six connexins forming a bridge called a gap junction between the cytoplasms of two adjacent cells.
disrober: One who disrobes.
pulsator: Any pulsating astronomical object
pulsator: A beater; a striker.
pulsator: That which beats or throbs in working.
pulsator: A pulsometer.
pulsator: A jigging machine used in the South African diamond industry.
aequorin: A photoprotein, isolated from luminescent jellyfish and other marine organisms, composed of two distinct units: the apoprotein apoaequorin and the prosthetic group coelenterazine.
tetrytol: A high explosive comprising a mixture of tetryl and TNT.
kazachok: Alternative spelling of kozachok
polyclad: Any member of the Polycladida, a highly diverse clade of free-living marine turbellarian flatworms.
painslut: A person who enjoys receiving pain.
tritanol: Triphenylmethanol.
thoronol: Synonym of thorin
camphene: Bicyclic monoterpene, a minor constituent of many essential oils.
kozachok: A Ukrainian and Russian couple-dance with constantly increasing tempo.
nonsugar: A substance that is not a sugar.
nonfluid: A substance that is not a fluid.
noncrime: An act that is not a crime.
nonvegan: One who is not a vegan.
nontrump: Any card that is not a trump.
nonester: A substance that is not an ester.
nonfruit: Something that is not a fruit.
nonwitch: One who is not a witch.
nonpagan: One who is not a pagan.
nonnasal: A sound that is not nasal.
cinerite: A sedimentary rock composed mostly of volcanic ash
usuality: The quality or state of being usual.
eclabium: The turning outwards of a lip, a deformation accompanying certain forms of ichthyosis.
bestness: The quality or state of being the best.
animanga: Japanese comics (manga) and Japanese cartoons (anime) taken collectively.
animanga: A manga created from cels from an anime.
cagemate: An animal that shares the same cage as another.
downvote: A vote against something that reduces a cumulative tally of popularity.
mesocarb: A stimulant drug developed in the USSR in the 1970s, a dopamine reuptake inhibitor which is slower-acting but longer-lasting and less neurotoxic than dextroamphetamine.
ampakine: Any of a class of chemical compounds that enhance attention span and alertness and facilitate learning and memory.
nonjuror: Someone who refuses to swear a particular oath, specifically a clergyman who refused to take the oath of allegiance to William and Mary in 1689.
nonjuror: One who is not a juror.
aphelium: Synonym of aphelion
rolipram: An anti-inflammatory racetam drug being researched as a possible alternative to current antidepressants.
œnophile: Obsolete form of oenophile.
proxenus: Alternative spelling of proxenos
handwrit: manuscript; any nonprinted or handwritten text
handwrit: a book or document written by hand
pemoline: A medication used to treat ADHD and narcolepsy, having similar action to methylphenidate.
alyaunte: Obsolete spelling of alien
indicium: An indication; a sign.
proxenos: A citizen of a state appointed by another state to host its ambassadors and to represent and protect its interests there.
snaffler: One who snaffles.
neshness: The condition of being nesh.
arseload: a large amount.
bamipine: A particular antihistamine drug sometimes used as an antipruritic.
ebastine: A particular antihistamine drug.
hyoscine: Scopolamine.
soulster: A performer of soul music.
dumpsite: A dump for garbage, usually a dump that is actively in use; or the location of such a dump
synechia: An eye condition in which the iris adheres either to the cornea (anterior synechia) or to the lens (posterior synechia).
fun size: A small size.
kemosabe: Alternative spelling of ke-mo sah-bee
hokiness: The state or condition of being hoky.
barndoor: The large door of a barn
murciana: A form of fandango originating in Murcia.
præstige: Archaic spelling of prestige.
cymatics: The study of visible effects of sound and vibration.
ganister: A hard, fine-grained sandstone, used in manufacturing silica bricks for lining furnaces.
jerk-ass: Alternative form of jerkass
brancard: A litter drawn by a horse, on which a person may be carried.
jerk ass: Alternative form of jerkass
dickslap: An objectionable person.
dickslap: The act of slapping someone with one's penis, particularly in the face.
nonlipid: A substance that is not a lipid.
nonsolid: A substance that is not a solid.
chitenge: Alternative spelling of kitenge
biomusic: A form of music based on the sounds of nature.
superloo: A luxurious public toilet.
bithorax: Only used in bithorax complex
investee: The business entity in which an investment is made.
lostness: The fact or quality of being lost.
nondeath: An outcome other than death; a survival.
nonjudge: One who is not a judge (public official administering the law).
treeline: Alternative spelling of tree line
budgeter: One who budgets.
mesoband: A boundary between bands of minerals
digester: One who, or that which, digests.
digester: A strong closed vessel in which bones or other substances may be subjected, usually in water or other liquid, to a temperature above that of boiling, in order to soften them.
digester: A medicine or food that aids digestion, or strengthens digestive power.
nonpayer: One who is not a payer, who does not pay.
workwear: Clothes designed to be worn while working, especially in a physically demanding job.
Adjarian: Alternative spelling of Adjaran
wine key: A corkscrew.
simpling: An expedition to gather plants; a herborizing.
prepulse: A weak pulse (stimulus) that inhibits a reaction to a subsequent stronger one
pie-hole: Alternative spelling of piehole
pie hole: Alternative spelling of piehole
collaret: Alternative form of collarette (small collar)
proplasm: A matrix or mould
pentasil: Any of a family of silicate structures composed of regular three-dimensional pentagonal arrangements of atoms
sublayer: A layer underneath another.
sublayer: A subunit of a layer.
sensilla: Alternative form of sensillum.
simplist: One who gathers medicinal herbs; one who simples.
simplist: A proponent of simplism.
draper's: A shop that sells drapery
pointcut: In aspect-oriented programming, a set of join points specifying when advice should run during execution.
supernet: An IP network formed from two or more networks (or subnets) with a common CIDR routing prefix.
vergence: The simultaneous turning of both eyes when focusing.
vergence: A measure of convergence or divergence of rays.
vergence: The direction of the overturned component of an asymmetric fold.
bondmaid: A female bondservant.
mailpack: A collection of published, printed materials, and sometimes other objects, placed in a container (typically an envelope) and sent through the mail to a specific person or postal address.
wordflow: A flow of words.
afikomen: The matzoh eaten at a Passover seder, after dinner.
overwind: Excessive wind; a movement of such atmospheric air caused by air pressure.
overwind: A wind that moves over or above an object.
supercow: A cow bred or engineered for superior milk production, producing more milk per day than average, or in some cases more fat per gallon of milk.
chromone: 1,4-benzopyrone, a derivative of benzopyran with a substituted keto group on the pyran ring
oltipraz: 4-methyl-5-(2-pyrazinyl)-3-dithiolethione, a schistosomicide drug also used in tumour prevention.
cefotiam: A particular second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic.
crap hat: Alternative spelling of craphat
antirock: Rock music that deliberately goes against the usual conventions of the genre
otiosity: The state or quality of being otiose.
seductor: One who seduces.
megaclub: A superclub.
boyswear: Clothing designed to be worn by boys.
præamble: Obsolete spelling of preamble
pick six: An interception by the defense that is run back the other way for a touchdown.
pick six: A wager in which the bettor must correctly predict the winners of six consecutive races.
pyelitis: pyelonephritis
shoewear: Shoes (as a category of clothing).
nonnurse: One who is not a nurse.
nonguest: One who is not a guest (of a hotel, etc.).
autobody: Alternative form of auto body
low-down: An abject or despicable person.
pulpitis: A reversible or irreversible inflammation of the tooth pulp which is in most cases of endodontic origin but can also be of periodontal origin too. It can lead to apical periodontitis, cysts and tooth loss if not treated.
drencher: One who, or that which, drenches.
drencher: A fire prevention device, like a sprinkler but ejecting a denser curtain of water and sometimes mounted on the outside of a building to prevent the spread of fire from those nearby.
mesomere: A blastomere that is intermediate in size between a micromere and a macromere
barebone: A very lean person, especially one whose bones show through the skin
barebone: Something that contains nothing but the essentials; something that fits the bare minimum.
doorline: The line formed by the edge of a door, especially that of a motor car.
Seminole: Any member of a Native American people formed in the eighteenth century, now residing primarily in Florida and Oklahoma.
pedalfer: Soil containing aluminum and iron that lacks a hardened layer of carbonates.
thripple: A ladder-like extension fitted to the front, rear, and sometimes sides of a haywagon or other towed agricultural trailer so as to increase its capacity.
wet fish: Fresh fish intended to be cooked.
benchtop: The surface of a bench or workbench.
bombesin: A neural oligopeptide that stimulates the release of gastrin
lalaland: Alternative spelling of La-La Land
geofluid: Any subsurface fluid, such as groundwater, geothermal fluids, basinal brines, petroleum or magmatic fluid.
submodel: A distinct part of a larger model
homocore: Queercore, an artistic and musical movement dealing with issues of sexual and gender prejudice
helitron: A tunable form of microwave oscillator.
helitron: A transposon found in eukaryotes.
diboride: Any boride containing two atoms of boron
dice run: Similar to a poker run, an organized event where motorcyclists pay an entry fee and then follow a prescribed course with checkpoints, at each of which dice are rolled and the result recorded. At the last checkpoint a winner is determined and prizes awarded, typically at a party. Proceeds usually go to benefit a charity.
palometa: Any of numerous types of fish. (See Wikipedia for a list.)
versican: An extracellular matrix proteoglycan that is present in human tissue
piechart: Alternative spelling of pie chart
physiome: The totality of physiological functions associated with the genes of a genome
genitrix: The biological mother of a child.
beerhead: A drunk.
ballhawk: A player who is particularly good at catching interceptions.
ballhawk: A fielder who is particularly good at catching fly balls.
basswork: The playing of the bass
immunome: All the genes and proteins associated with an immune system
bayadere: A female dancer.
bayadere: A type of fabric having strongly contrasting stripes.
loblolly: Gruel.
loblolly: A thick stew; lobscouse or similar.
loblolly: A mudhole.
loblolly: A bumpkin or lout.
loblolly: Loblolly pine, Pinus taeda.
loblolly: Loblolly bay (plant).
secondee: A person who is transferred temporarily to alternative employment, or seconded.
mailshot: Bulk advertising sent through the post/mail.
banjouke: A ukulele with the head of a banjo
nonbully: One who is not a bully.
snuggums: Alternative form of snookums
nonminor: One who is not a minor, who has reached the age of majority.
backpass: Alternative form of back pass
afterbay: a stream, conduit, pond or reservoir, of a hydroelectric power plant at the outlet of the turbines.
sowarree: A mounted procession; a cavalcade.
Motswana: A member of the Tswana tribe of southern Africa, especially an inhabitant of Botswana; a Botswanan.
decypher: Alternative spelling of decipher
floweret: A floret, or small or component flower
Blue Dog: A member of the Blue Dog Coalition, founded in 1994, of conservative and moderate members of the Democratic Party.
dollface: An attractive woman.
orgulity: pride
epistemé: Alternative spelling of episteme
epistêmê: Alternative spelling of episteme
dearborn: A light four-wheeled wagon.
ovenware: Cooking utensils that can be safely used in an oven.
nonflier: One who, or that which, does not fly, especially a person who does not travel by aeroplane.
clayware: Articles made from clay.
hap'orth: Alternative form of ha'p'orth
workboot: A sturdy boot intended as workwear.
ecolabel: A label on a product that states that it has been produced in an environmentally friendly manner.
metatypy: The morphosyntactic change that a language undergoes due to its speakers being bilingual.
lapillus: A fragment of lava ejected from a volcano.
lapillus: One of the otoliths in finfish.
exicosis: loss of fluid
heirship: The status of being heir to something or someone
neatherd: A cowherd; one who looks after bulls, cows or oxen.
supertax: An additional tax on something that has already been taxed.
supertax: A higher rate of an existing tax.
afrobeat: Music that combines West African musical styles (such as traditional Yoruba music and highlife) with American funk, jazz, and soul influences, with a focus on chanted vocals, complex intersecting rhythms, and percussion.
egophony: A bleating sound sometimes observed in patients with various lung conditions
oil palm: Elaeis guineensis, the principal source of palm oil and palm kernel oil.
oil palm: Any species of palm which can usefully produce palm oil.
spivvery: Behaviour characteristic of a spiv; crookery, petty crime.
isiGqumo: A cant (argot) jargon used by Bantu African mine workers in small townships in South Africa, in same-sex circumstances.
hate-sex: Sexual intercourse between people who hate one another.
popsmith: A pop musician.
coolroom: An item of laboratory equipment: a large cupboard, or room kept below room temperature, for long-term stable storage.
coolroom: A large cupboard or room kept below room temperature for the long-term stable storage of perishable foods in a restaurant.
oleaster: A plant in the family Elaeagnaceae,
oleaster: A plant in the family Elaeagnaceae,
oleaster: especially, a plant in the genus Elaeagnus,
oleaster: A plant in the family Elaeagnaceae,
oleaster: especially, a plant in the genus Elaeagnus,
oleaster: especially, the type species Elaeagnus angustifolia.
oleaster: Cultivated olive trees that have re-naturalized, sometimes treated as a species Olea oleaster, the wild olive.
cupalite: A rare mineral of copper and aluminium, closely related to khatyrkite.
harmalol: An alkaloid, 1-methyl-4,9-dihydro-3H-pyrido[3,4-b]indol-7-ol, found in the seeds of the harmal plant
tweakage: Tweaking; minor adjustments.
toolbelt: A belt for carrying tools; a utility belt.
toolbelt: A skill set; one's accumulated capabilities.
woodware: Articles made from wood.
hemipter: Any organism of the order Hemiptera, including cicadas, aphids, planthoppers, leafhoppers, and shield bugs.
spacebar: Alternative spelling of space bar
lipsynch: Alternative spelling of lip sync
spookery: The condition of being spooky.
spookery: Something characteristic of a spook.
Shaniqua: An African-American woman.
lab coat: A white coat worn by laboratory workers to protect day clothes from damage by spillage etc.
elaterin: An extract from the juice of the fruit of Ecballium elaterium (the squirting cucumber), used as a purgative.
treeware: Documentation provided on paper.
mazindol: A tricyclic central nervous system stimulant used to treat obesity.
lightpen: Alternative spelling of light pen
alcapton: Alternative spelling of alkapton
carditis: inflammation of the muscles of the heart.
alkapton: homogentisic acid
C.A.A.F.: Abbreviation of United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.
clipcock: A circumcised male.
mud flap: A flap that hangs down behind a vehicle's wheel so that mud and other things kicked up by the wheel will hit the flap instead of a vehicle behind.
gepirone: A piperazine drug with potential applications as an anxiolytic and antidepressant.
fipexide: A psychoactive piperazine drug formerly used as a nootropic.
thietane: Any of a class of saturated heterocycles having a four-membered ring, three carbon atoms and one sulfur atom
overmind: The leading or controlling mind in a groupmind.
overmind: In Sri Aurobindo's "integral psychology", the highest of the mental planes of consciousness.
nonequal: One who is not an equal; a person of differing rank or status.
dragonet: A small dragon.
dragonet: Any of the small perciform marine fish of the families Callionymidae and Draconettidae (slope dragonets) found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific, the family containing approximately 186 species in 18 genera.
temephos: Alternative form of temefos.
superjet: A jet aircraft with some superior quality, such as large size or high speed.
jacinthe: Obsolete form of jacinth.
deguelin: A rotenone derivative and naturally-occurring insecticide.
spinosad: Any of a class of insecticides whose active ingredient is derived from a naturally-occurring soil-dwelling bacterium, Saccharopolyspora spinosa.
acephate: An organophosphate foliar insecticide, O,S-dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate, used primarily against aphids
mirliton: A pear-shaped vegetable or its vine; the chayote.
mirliton: The eunuch flute, a kind of kazoo or membranophone.
mirliton: An 18th-century hussar hat resembling a slightly conical shako or tall fez.
mirliton: A tartlet or biscuit garnished with almond, first produced in Rouen around 1800.
Khoekhoe: A member of a Southern African people, formerly known as Hottentots.
Sam Hill: An intensifier.
prometon: A herbicide, N,N'-diisopropyl-6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine.
buffware: Any pottery of a buff colour.
fenoprop: 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)propionic acid, a herbicide formerly used to control woody plants and broadleaf weeds.
bromacil: A particular herbicide.
fenthion: An organothiophosphate insecticide, avicide, and acaricide.
imazalil: The fungicide enilconazole.
alachlor: A particular chloroacetanilide herbicide.
spriting: The technique of storing multiple images in a single larger image so that they load more quickly into a web page.
spriting: The development of sprites (computer graphics), especially humanoid characters.
basecamp: Alternative spelling of base camp
nonnovel: A literary work other than a novel.
crabcake: Alternative spelling of crab cake
epiploon: The greater omentum.
anusvāra: Alternative spelling of anusvara
jerkface: An obnoxious or unlikeable person; a jerk.
jerkface: An obnoxious but loveable person
sleeveen: Alternative spelling of sleiveen
subsense: A sense of a word that reflects a part or aspect of a more general sense
loogaroo: A creature of Caribbean mythology similar to a vampire or werewolf.
lapicide: A stonecutter.
formfeed: Alternative spelling of form feed
thiolane: The five-membered saturated heterocycle having four carbon atoms and one sulfur atom; any derivative of this compound
arabitol: A sugar alcohol derived from the pentose arabinose
ergotine: A powerful astringent alkaloid extracted from ergot as a brown, amorphous, bitter substance. It is used to produce contraction of the uterus.
Danegeld: a tax raised originally to protect against Viking raiders in the 10th and 11th centuries, and later continued as a land tax
Danegeld: any kind of tribute
corroder: One who or that which corrodes.
SIM card: A small, removable card smaller than a credit card which stores mobile phone data such as contact names and numbers, SMSs and security information.
sway bar: An anti-sway bar.
day time: Alternative spelling of daytime
lip bear: A sloth bear, Melursus ursinus.
colorism: Prejudice or bias against persons on the basis of their skin color or complexion, often among persons of the same racial identification.
colorism: A style of painting characterised by the use of intense color.
printing: The process or business of producing printed material by means of inked type and a printing press or similar technology.
printing: Material that has been printed.
printing: All the copies of a publication that have been printed in one batch.
printing: Written characters that are not joined up.
carmofur: A pyrimidine analogue derived from fluorouracil and used as an antineoplastic agent.
busulfan: A particular drug used in chemotherapy.
olaparib: A particular anticancer drug.
chainage: An imaginary line used to measure distance, often corresponding to the centre of a straight road.
chainage: A distance measured along such a line.
pessimum: A worst or lowest point.
mafenide: A particular kind of sulfonamide that is used to help treat severe burns.
motorbus: A motorised bus, or coach.
broguing: Alternative spelling of brogueing
turanose: A reducing disaccharide organic compound that can be used as a carbon source by bacteria and fungi.
teclozan: A dichloroacetamide antiprotozoal agent.
tiadenol: A particular kind of hypolipidemic agent.
oxeladin: A particular kind of cough suppressant.
milkwort: Any of more than 500 species of flowering plants of the genus Polygala that are used as a food source by the larvae of some members of the Lepidoptera order.
silkware: Articles made from silk.
silkwear: Clothing made of silk.
toleware: Synonym of tole (“decorative metallic items”)
caneware: A form of traditional unglazed light-brown stoneware.
pewterer: A manufacturer of pewterware.
ibogaine: A naturally-occurring psychoactive compound found in a number of plants, principally iboga (Tabernanthe iboga), and used for medicinal and ritual purposes in African spiritual traditions of the Bwiti.
igovomab: A mouse monoclonal antibody for the diagnosis of ovarian cancer that is no longer available.
JC virus: A human double-stranded DNA virus of the species JC polyomavirus, causing progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and other diseases in immunodeficient patients.
JC virus: Jamestown Canyon virus
elemicin: 3,4,5-trimethoxyallylbenzene, a natural organic compound found in the essential oil of nutmeg.
wastebin: A wastebasket; a bin used for household or office waste.
capromab: A mouse monoclonal antibody used to image the extent of prostate cancer.
high bar: A horizontal bar.
high bar: A high standard.
ecohouse: Alternative spelling of eco-house
dialkene: Any alkene having two double bonds
Masovian: Someone from Masovia
vulvitis: An often painful inflammation of the vulva.
loosener: Something that loosens
loosener: A usually inaccurate delivery bowled early in a bowler's first over.
loosener: An alcoholic drink that makes a person relax.
callosum: corpus callosum
urobilin: A yellow linear tetrapyrrole resulting from the breakdown of heme, produced when urobilinogen is oxidized by intestinal bacteria.
shambler: One who shambles.
landrace: Any local variety of a domesticated animal or plant species that has adapted over time to its ecological and cultural environment (including, in some cases, its work).
rockband: A rock formation that encircles a hill or mountain, separating other kinds of terrain that are above and below it.
rockband: Alternative form of rock band (band that plays rock music).
treebark: The bark of a tree.
polonese: Alternative spelling of polonaise
feminoid: A feminist.
Lucasian: A follower of the theories of American economist Robert Lucas Jr..
blondine: A bleach that colors a woman's hair blonde.
blondine: A woman who has bleached her hair blonde.
imbecile: A person with limited mental capacity who can perform tasks and think only like a young child, in medical circles meaning a person who lacks the capacity to develop beyond the mental age of a normal five- to seven-year-old child.
imbecile: A fool, an idiot.
nonbeing: nonexistence
nonbeing: That which is not a being; a potential entity that does not exist.
salivant: A drug or agent that induces salivation.
twin tub: A (mainly obsolete) type of washing machine comprising a vertical washing cylinder alongside a vertical rinsing and spinning cylinder, the clothes having to be manually transferred from one to the other during the wash cycle.
big band: A large dance or jazz band of 10 to 30 musicians usually featuring improvised solos by lead players, but otherwise playing orchestrated music.
big band: The music produced by a jazz big band.
Memphite: A native or inhabitant of Memphis, Egypt.
enediyne: Any compound that has a double bond and two triple bonds.
enediyne: Any of a class of bacterial products characterized by nine- or ten-membered rings containing two triple bonds separated by a double bond, many of which are highly toxic to DNA and used as antitumour agents.
hackwork: Work, usually of a professional nature, either repetitive or done to a formula.
megafish: Any fish belonging to the megafauna.
scarfpin: A pin used to hold a scarf or tie in place.
sea hare: Any member of the order Aplysiamorpha or Anaspidea, large marine gastropod molluscs with a soft internal shell made of protein.
biochron: the length of time represented by a biozone
anciency: ancientness
skirrett: A metal spike to which is attached a small drum onto which is wound string or line. In use, the spike is pushed into the ground to anchor it, and then the line is pulled out as far as needed to mark a straight edge.
skirrett: Alternative form of skirret
busy bee: A hardworking person.
afikoman: Alternative spelling of afikomen
playwork: Work that is very easy or enjoyable.
playwork: A role.
playwork: A branch of childcare involving the supervision and development of play.
toeboard: In throwing sports such as javelin and shot put, a board on the ground, over which the thrower must not step.
toeboard: A low board around the edge of a raised platform to prevent workers from accidentally falling.
nonsleep: That which is not sleep; the time during which one is awake.
sliproad: Alternative spelling of slip road
turnspit: A person employed in turning a spit for the purpose of roasting meat.
turnspit: Synonym of roasting jack
turnspit: A person engaged in some menial occupation.
turnspit: Ellipsis of turnspit dog.
multigym: A gym consisting of several items of weightlifting apparatus.
wonderer: One who wonders; a thinker.
leafroll: A viral condition of certain plants, such as potato plants and grapevines, in which new leaves curl and become discoloured.
nonvirus: That which is not a virus.
lovelock: A lock of hair that hangs down and is worn apart from the hair that remains.
lovelock: A flowing lock of hair that is dressed apart from the hair that remains.
snowbase: The snow which is settled on the ground in below-melting-point conditions.
flatties: Flat shoes.
nut roll: A pastry of yeast bread with one or more fillings, found in the United States and in Central European cuisines.
bʼakʼtun: In the Maya calendar, a period of 144 000 days (20 k’atun periods): 394.25 solar years.
packshot: A still or moving close-up of a (usually packaged) product, used to portray the product in advertising.
makowiec: a Polish cake (flat or rolled) layered with poppy seed-based paste
stannyne: Any of a class of organic compounds containing a carbon to tin triple bond R₁-C≡Sn-R₂
ichthyol: The ammonium salt of sulfonated bitumen; used to treat some forms of skin diseases
mesotron: meson
crispant: A F0 generation mutant generated by CRISPR/Cas9-directed genome editing.
melomane: Synonym of melomaniac
miniepic: A short work that resembles an epic in all but length.
jehadism: Alternative spelling of jihadism
jehadist: Alternative spelling of jihadist
minisaga: A short saga.
escouade: A squad.
childism: Responding to children's particular lived experiences
childism: Empowering children as an oppressed group
childism: Prejudice and/or discrimination against the young.
childism: A child-like insight or behavior made by an adult
pin-hole: Alternative spelling of pinhole
pink-eye: Alternative spelling of pinkeye
pin-head: Alternative spelling of pinhead
nonalien: One who is not an alien.
noncarer: One who is not a carer.
nonslave: One who is not a slave.
nonwoman: One who is not a woman.
workshoe: A workboot.
microbar: A unit of pressure equal to one millionth of a bar
nonmodel: That which is not a model (framework for representing a concept).
nonmodel: A person who is not a model (subject for artwork or fashion).
firewalk: An instance of firewalking.
stockboy: A young stockman raising livestock.
stockboy: A young stockman, an employee at a store stocking shelves; an entry-level retail employee.
stomatic: A medicine for diseases of the mouth.
slivovic: Alternative form of slivovitz.
graylist: Alternative spelling of greylist
cafetite: A rare titanium oxide mineral found in northern Russia.
haleness: The state or quality of being hale.
greylist: A list, resembling a blacklist, for less serious offences.
greylist: A technique for blocking spam (junk e-mail) by temporarily rejecting mail from unknown senders. A legitimate sender is likely to try sending again after a delay.
playwear: Clothes designed for children to wear while playing.
ordainer: A person (usually a clergyman) who ordains.
topozone: A teilzone.
teilzone: The stratigraphic range of the rock unit between the first and last appearance datum of a particular taxon in a local area, a subset of the global biozone for that taxon.
Pompeian: Alternative spelling of Pompeiian
Pompeian: A follower of Pompey
kurakkan: finger millet
thirding: A riding (administrative division).
thirding: The third part of anything; one third.
screenie: A screenshot.
screenie: A screensaver.
screenie: Someone who spends a lot of time in front of a (television or computer) screen.
monomane: A monomaniac.
cavalero: A cavalier.
quintain: An object (generally a post or plank on a support) set up as a target to be tilted at in jousting, or otherwise used as target practice.
sandspur: Synonym of sandbur
agrément: Pleasant qualities, charms.
agrément: Grace notes.
agrément: Formal approval given by a state government to a diplomat from another country.
votation: The act of voting, especially when not to elect a government or head of state.
votation: The processing of margarine by means of a votator.
uroboros: Alternative spelling of ouroboros
Freudism: Alternative form of Freudianism
swimmist: A swimmer.
housecar: Synonym of motor home.
real ale: Beer brewed from traditional ingredients, matured by secondary fermentation in the container from which it is dispensed, and served without the use of extraneous carbon dioxide.
warmware: Humans, i.e. the users of technologies, as opposed to the hardware, software or firmware.
hoe-down: Alternative spelling of hoedown
hoe down: Misspelling of hoedown.
bhelpuri: An Indian dish of puffed rice with potatoes and a tangy tamarind sauce.
saagwala: An Indian curry made with spinach and lamb or mutton.
paroemia: A proverb.
coparent: Alternative form of co-parent
bezonian: A beggar, pauper, or rascal.
pec deck: An exercise machine used to develop the pectoral muscles.
matorral: A shrubland, a stunted woodland.
demyship: A type of scholarship, specifically for Magdalen College, Oxford.
maffioso: Dated form of mafioso.
payscale: A system of pay grades.
nonpayee: One who is not a payee.
nonchild: One who is not a child.
squibber: A fly ball that becomes a base hit
nonadult: one who is not an adult
ommatidi: Alternative form of ommatidia
prazosin: An alpha-blocker used chiefly as a smooth muscle relaxant, especially in the treatment of hypertension and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
pressbox: Alternative spelling of press box
postiche: Any item of false hair worn on the head or face, such as a false beard or wig.
buggerer: One who buggers, usually referring to anal intercourse.
antimere: One of the two halves of bilaterally symmetrical animals; one of any opposite symmetrical or homotypic parts in animals and plants.
jazzfest: A festival of jazz music.
jingbang: A thing, a lot, a shebang.
Irishism: A word, phrase, idiom, or expression chiefly used in Irish English.
Irishism: A word, phrase, or idiom of Irish Gaelic (especially as borrowed into another language).
nonbuyer: One who does not buy.
hypomere: A part that the walls of a pleuroperitoneal cavity grow.
invertin: Any enzyme that converts a sugar to an invert sugar; saccharase.
buy back: Alternative spelling of buyback
gluhwein: A type of mulled wine from German-speaking countries made from red wine with cinnamon and other herbs and spices.
absynthe: Alternative spelling of absinthe
Carnival: Alternative form of carnival; especially in the sense "any of a number of festivals held just before the beginning of Lent."
ricefish: Any of the family Adrianichthyidae of about 27 species of small ray-finned fish, many of which are found in Japanese rice paddies.
ricefish: A freshwater fish of the southeastern United States, Chologaster cornuta
obesogen: A chemical or other factor that disturbs a body's normal processes, causing it to tend toward obesity.
hairband: a headband
hairband: a hair tie
accoster: One who accosts somebody.
slipover: Any garment that is easy to put on, especially a dress or top.
vetitive: An element of language expressing a wish that something will not happen.
zamburak: A small cannon supported by a swiveled rest, especially as mounted on the back of a camel.
detinner: A person or organization that carries out detinning.
pisketti: Alternative form of pasghetti
fabulate: A folk story that is not entirely believable.
fabulate: A folk story that is told for entertainment, and not intended to be taken as true.
palpator: Someone who palpates.
palpator: A device for palpating.
palpator: One of a family of clavicorn beetles, including those which have very long maxillary palpi.
exceeder: One who, or that which, exceeds.
tenpence: A coin worth ten old pence.
tenpence: A coin worth ten new pence.
tenpence: The value of ten old pence.
karearea: Falco novaeseelandiae, the only falcon endemic to New Zealand.
nonrider: One who does not ride (an animal or vehicle).
sea lily: Any of several stalked crinoids, which use the stalk to fix themselves in the bottom of the sea.
cityhood: The status or period of being a city.
townhood: The status or period of being a town.
nonminer: One who is not a miner.
wallhack: A patch enabling a player to cheat by modifying the properties of walls, as by making them transparent or nonsolid.
focusser: Alternative form of focuser
aluminia: alumina; aluminium oxide
ill-will: Alternative spelling of ill will
babirusa: Any of several mammals in the genus Babyrousa in the pig family Suidae, in which the upper tusk grows upward.
brassage: A sum formerly levied to pay the expense of coinage; seigniorage.
skydaddy: Alternative form of sky daddy: a god; God.
tee-ball: Alternative spelling of T-ball
backness: Quality of being a back vowel.
backness: A quality of vowels, indicating the horizontal position of the tongue relative to the back of the mouth (front, near-front, central, near-back, or back).
paravane: A device, stabilized with vanes, towed alongside a vessel such that the cable attaching it cuts the moorings of submerged mines.
paravane: A towed underwater object with hydrofoils, of diverse uses.
studtite: A secondary uranium mineral containing peroxide formed by the alpha-radiolysis of water during formation; it occurs as white yellow needlelike crystals often in acicular sprays.
monocrat: An autocrat.
agnathan: A member of the superclass Agnatha of jawless vertebrates.
spyplane: A military aircraft used for surveillance.
fig wasp: A wasp of the family Agaonidae, some of which pollinate figs.
soundbar: A bar containing multiple speakers that can be mounted under or alongside a television, etc. instead of having separate speakers positioned around the room.
whelming: Something that covers or submerges.
lavalava: An everyday item of clothing traditionally worn by Polynesians and other Oceanic peoples, consisting of a single rectangular cloth worn as a skirt, secured around the waist by an overhand knotting of the upper corners.
quercite: A white crystalline substance found in acorns.
bentsher: A booklet containing grace after meals and often other blessings and prayers related to mealtime.
snapsuit: A baby's bodysuit with a snap fastener at the crotch.
snapsuit: An adult garment intended to be worn with a diaper that features a snap fastener at the crotch.
benchlet: A small bench
benchlet: A stool
actinote: Any butterflies of the genus Actinote of the subfamily Heliconiinae, endemic to South America.
spelloff: Alternative spelling of spell-off
aspermia: A form of infertility associated with a failure to produce semen.
saponine: Alternative form of saponin
Klondike: A source of wealth or something else valuable.
bee glue: Propolis.
alloyant: A material added to a metal (possibly itself an alloy) to alter its properties.
pleuston: The organisms that live floating at the surface of water.
pleuston: Plants that live floating at the surface of water.
permaban: A permanent ban on a user.
olivetta: A container used to hold olives.
agnathia: A birth defect in which the mandible is missing.
agnathia: When there is agnathia, instead of the inferior maxillary bone we find nothing but a kind of tubercle formed of skin, cellular tissue, fat, and some few muscular fibres.
agnathia: 1907, Francis Delafield and T. Mitchell Prudden, A Text-Book of Pathology, eighth edition, William Wood, page 304
agnathia: 2006, Mark I. Evans et al., Prenatal Diagnosis, McGraw-Hill, →ISBN, page 240
agnathia: As such, it is often accompanied by agnathia, a congenital absence of the mandible[…].
perigeum: Archaic form of perigee.
ridgetop: The crest that extends along the highest contours of a ridge.
whompage: Whomping or whomping on; thumping; beating.
politure: polish; gloss
pro-form: A word that substitutes for words, phrases, clauses, or sentences, whose meaning is recoverable in context.
triticum: A plant of the genus Triticum (wheat and related cereals).
pie menu: A circular context menu, resembling a pie chart, whose slices represent commands, each equidistant from the centre of the menu.
ear tuft: In birds, a skin projection covered in feathers appearing on the sides of the head, near the ears.
biosolid: A byproduct of domestic and commercial sewage and wastewater treatment.
melodion: An accordion.
melodion: Misspelling of melodeon.
chilidog: A hot dog made with chili con carne
palmchat: Dulus dominicus, a small, long-tailed species of bird native to Hispaniola
cui bono: The principle that the ultimate initiator of an action is likely the person who stands to gain from the action.
nakharar: A hereditary title of the highest order given to houses of the ancient and medieval Armenian nobility.
non-stop: Alternative form of nonstop.
cordebec: An old kind of felt hat, made from wool, down or hair, and mostly worn by boys.
champian: Synonym of champaign
pigswill: swill: slops fed to pigs
pigswill: nonsense, rubbish
penghulu: A local chief or governor in parts of Malaysia and Indonesia.
pineland: A forested area with an abundance of pine trees.
plankter: A single organism of plankton.
enargite: A steel gray, blackish gray, to violet black copper arsenic sulfosalt mineral with a metallic luster.
digenite: A black to dark blue opaque copper sulfide mineral with chemical formula Cu₉S₅.
tenorite: A mineral form of cupric oxide
ossarium: An ossuary.
siu yook: Roast pork in Chinese cuisine.
nonresin: A substance that is not resin.
booshway: The head man at the Fort Union trading post on the upper Missouri River at the confluence of the Yellowstone River, circa 1849.
entryist: A participant in or proponent of entryism.
utilidor: A utility corridor.
langrage: Scraps of metal used to fire at an enemy in naval warfare.
ravigote: A lightly acidic sauce in French cuisine, based on a vegetable or meat broth strongly seasoned with herbs.
tumulter: A maker of tumults.
lawncare: The care and treatment of grass on a lawn.
fungemia: Alternative spelling of fungaemia
footwall: The section of rock that extends below a diagonal fault line (the corresponding upper section being the hanging wall).
footwall: The under wall of an enclosed vein.
snow fox: The arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus).
red book: A book, often bound with a red cover, or online equivalent, that is an official, or canonical, collection of data, regulations, or writings.
red book: A book supposedly belonging to the devil and containing the signatures of those in league with him.
bargello: A police or military chief in medieval Italian comuni.
bargello: An Italian medieval police or military headquarters.
bargello: A type of needlepoint embroidery consisting of upright flat stitches laid in a pattern to create zigzag or flamelike motifs, or similar motifs created in quilts.
toy shop: Alternative spelling of toyshop
dick all: Nothing at all, or very little.
snowlady: A female snowman.
crossman: A thief, forger, or other criminal.
cockshot: A photograph of one's penis.
puckster: An ice hockey player.
shit-ton: Alternative spelling of shitton
bilobate: A grain that has two lobes
speciest: Misspelling of speciesist.
vinagron: Alternative spelling of vinegaroon
pastizzi: A Maltese pasty filled with ricotta or peas.
galliass: Alternative spelling of galleass
megafoot: A unit of length equal to one million feet.
reinsman: A (male) jockey, especially in harness racing.
reinsman: A skilful driver of horses.
inspiral: The path of such a body.
boomburb: A rapidly expanding suburb.
ringdown: The stage in a black hole merging event where the gravitational wave amplitude reaches its peak.
ringdown: A signal to a telephone operator that both rings a bell and allows a relay to drop.
zoomburb: A very rapidly expanding suburb.
topcolor: A proposed model of fundamental particle physics involving condensation between top quarks and antitop quarks
tournure: Manner, bearing.
tournure: Turn; contour; figure.
tournure: Phrasing, turn of phrase.
tournure: Any device used by women to expand the skirt of a dress below the waist; a bustle.
traineau: A kind of decorated sleigh, sometimes resembling an animal.
babyness: The property or state of being a baby or being babylike.
babyness: Babylike physical traits, such as large eyes, theorized by Konrad Lorenz to evoke a caregiving response in adults.
video ho: One of the attractive, highly sexualized female dancers or actresses, typically black, who commonly appear in hip-hop music videos.
Kalenjin: A member of an ethnic group of Nilotic origin living in the Great Rift Valley in western Kenya and eastern Uganda.
balisage: The use of dim lighting to enable navigation without giving away one's position to the enemy.
nondonor: One who is not a donor.
triskele: Alternative form of triskeles
sewerman: A man who works in a sewer.
bragozzo: A kind of wooden sailing boat from the Adriatic, often used for fishing, having a wide hull and a flat bottom with a large rudder and no keel.
vodyanoi: Alternative spelling of vodyanoy
teenhood: The state of being a teen or teenager, adolescence.
Corybant: Alternative spelling of Korybant
Korybant: Any of a group of crested male dancers who worshipped the Phrygian goddess Cybele with drumming and dancing.
vodyanoy: A type of water sprite from Slavic mythology
Nirgunty: A low-ranking official responsible for the regulation of irrigation and the distribution of water.
suberine: A substance obtained by treating cork filings with alcohol, ether, and dilute hydrochloric acid.
cash-box: Alternative spelling of cashbox
bucchero: A type of dark grey Etruscan terracotta pottery.
conifold: A certain generalization of a manifold, capable of containing conical singularities.
ecgonine: An organic chemical and tropane alkaloid found naturally in coca leaves.
macroion: A very large ion, especially a colloidal particle carrying an electric charge
nanodisk: A nanoscale disk
coatrack: Alternative spelling of coat rack
muntjack: Alternative spelling of muntjac
lycorine: A toxic crystalline alkaloid that inhibits protein synthesis, found in several plant species
dioperad: An operad having multiple inputs and multiple outputs
damoisel: Obsolete spelling of damsel
surmiser: One who surmises.
claviger: One who carries a club; a club bearer.
claviger: A group within genus Lasius (formerly considered a subgenera Acanthomyops) of bright yellow to orange species of ant that have 3 maxillary palps and give off a distinctive citronella odor when disturbed. The group name comes from their club-shaped palps.
claviger: A species of mosquito, Anopheles claviger.
claviger: One who carries the keys to a place; a keyholder.
licorine: Alternative spelling of lycorine
miniband: A short loop of nucleic acid
miniband: A periodic structure within a superlattice
miniband: A small percentage of the value of a currency by which it is allowed to fluctuate in a single day, as part of a policy to stabilize the currency.
miniband: Alternative spelling of mini band (“shorter resistance band”)
sageship: The status of being a sage.
sageship: The wisdom of a sage.
burletta: A comic operetta; a musical farce.
fireweed: A perennial herbaceous plant (Epilobium angustifolium or Chamaenerion angustifolium) in the willowherb family Onagraceae.
fireweed: Any of the flowering plants of the genus Erechtites.
hematein: An oxidized derivative of haematoxylin, used in staining.
haematin: Alternative spelling of hematin
shaftway: The vertical space in a building in which the elevator or lift travels.
soundman: A technician who works with the sound recording and sound effects for films and television.
bok choi: Alternative spelling of bok choy
raincape: A cape worn to protect the wearer from rain.
okayness: The state or condition of being okay; adequateness, tolerableness.
glandule: A small gland or secreting vessel.
calutron: A form of mass spectrometer used to separate the isotopes of uranium.
copy-cat: Alternative spelling of copycat
manouver: Misspelling of maneuver.
teletext: Alternative form of Teletext
bimodule: An abelian group that is both a left and a right module, such that the left and right multiplications are compatible
catenoid: A three-dimensional surface formed by rotation of a catenary
dilepton: A combination of the particle and antiparticle forms of two leptons of the same flavour
fallrate: The rate (velocity) of fall.
higgsino: Alternative letter-case form of Higgsino
tzarevna: Alternative spelling of tsarevna
nonmajor: A student who is not a major (specialist in one area).
numerics: The field of numerically-controlled engineering
galaxiid: Any member of the family Galaxiidae of mostly small freshwater fish of the Southern Hemisphere.
inlander: Someone who lives inland.
bralette: A kind of bra without an underwire, used as a training bra.
boxboard: Paperboard used for the manufacture of folding cartons and rigid boxes.
subposet: A subset of a poset
nodosity: A knotty swelling
nodosity: The state of being nodose
paralogy: paralogism, fallacy
paralogy: A paralogous relationship
olibanum: A gum resin from trees of the genus Boswellia, formerly used as a medicine and now mainly as incense.
odontoid: A separate bone, in many reptiles, corresponding to the odontoid process.
nisberry: Alternative spelling of naseberry
Hollands: jenever (the Dutch form of gin)
isocolon: A rhetorical scheme in which parallel elements possess the same number of words or syllables..
tentpole: One of the poles used to hold up a tent.
tentpole: A large-scale entertainment production that is a major source of revenue for its studio, television network, or investors.
deepener: One who, or that which, deepens.
deepener: A hypnotic suggestion designed to send the listener deeper into a state of trance.
mailslot: Alternative spelling of mail slot
godmoder: A player who engages in godmoding.
box wine: A type of wine that is sealed in a plastic bladder and packaged in a cardboard box; cask wine.
cannista: A service employee at a marijuana shop.
thioacid: Any acid formally derived from an oxyacid by replacement of one or more oxygen atoms with sulfur.
chirring: The sound of a chirr.
syrphian: A fly of the genus Syrphus or the family Syrphidae.
snapline: A guideline shown while adding an item to a user interface to help align it with other items.
squaller: One who squalls; a crier, complainer, or bad singer.
gridline: A line that forms part of a grid.
headsail: Any sail (of a sailing vessel) set forward of the foremost mast.
trowsers: Obsolete spelling of trousers
asscheek: A buttock.
rhopalic: A rhopalic poem.
accretor: An astronomical body (such as a star) that accretes surrounding material
antihole: Clipping of graph antihole.
edge set: The set of all the edges of a graph
calamata: A kalamata olive.
calamata: A type of currant from southern Greece.
scarface: A person with a scarred face.
key card: Alternative spelling of keycard
sparkgap: Alternative spelling of spark gap
triscele: Alternative form of triskele
swapfile: Alternative spelling of swap file
swapmeet: Alternative spelling of swap meet
pisolite: A sedimentary rock formed from pisoids
lazulite: A semi-precious gemstone that is a basic phosphate of magnesium, iron and aluminium
drillbit: Alternative spelling of drill bit
chairmat: Alternative spelling of chair mat
bookwork: Accounting work; book keeping.
bookwork: The art and science of formatting books.
bookwork: Work done with the aid of textbooks.
bookwork: The act of memorising information; used attributively to describe or denote questions that test information learned rather than requiring additional thought.
restreak: A repeat streaking procedure
paleocon: A paleoconservative.
vada pav: A Maharashtrian vegetarian fast food consisting of batata vada between two slices of bread.
lahmacun: A dish of Arab origin consisting of a round, thin piece of dough topped with minced meat (most commonly beef and lamb).
mousseux: A sparkling wine.
antikaon: The antiparticle of a kaon.
Cæsarian: Obsolete spelling of Caesarean
dihadron: Any particle that is a combination of two hadrons
interdot: A dot placed between other things.
plaining: A lamentation.
chawarma: Alternative spelling of shawarma
nailcare: The care and maintenance of the fingernails and toenails.
pingback: A message automatically sent to a blog when one of the blogger's entries is referenced by another blogger.
setpiece: Alternative spelling of set piece
lightray: A ray of light
picobarn: A unit of surface area equal to 10⁻¹² barns.
falshood: Obsolete spelling of falsehood
partizan: Alternative spelling of partisan (“adherent, supporter”)
partizan: Alternative spelling of partisan (“bladed weapon”)
Dakarois: A person from Dakar.
midlifer: One whose age is midlife.
porosome: Any of many cup-shaped structures in the cell membranes of eukaryotic cells where vesicles dock in the process of vesicle fusion and secretion.
nanodust: nanoscale dust, especially such atmospheric dust that may be a health hazard, or a source of metals
ruralist: One who exhibits characteristics or qualities of rural life, or ruralism.
precoder: An electronic device used in precoding.
starspot: The equivalent of a sunspot on another star.
portscan: The scanning of a network host in order to detect open ports.
dibaryon: Any of a proposed class of particles that would be a complex of two baryons (or six quarks).
granddog: A dog owned by the children of someone old enough to be a grandparent; a dog that has a similar role to a grandchild.
fleabite: The bite of a flea, or the mark caused by such a bite.
fleabite: Something which causes only trifling irritation; a minor inconvenience.
rakehell: A lewd or wanton person; a debauchee; a rake.
lycaenid: A member of the taxonomic family Lycaenidae, the gossamer-winged butterflies.
futarchy: A form of government proposed by economist Robin Hanson, in which elected officials define measures of national welfare and prediction markets are used to determine which policies will have the most positive effect.
ruralism: Advocacy of rural life instead of urbanism or city living.
ruralism: Rural living.
ruralism: The state or quality of being rustic.
ruralism: A rural idiom or expression.
bookclub: Alternative spelling of book club
Lemurian: An inhabitant of the mythical Lemuria.
blowtube: A blowpipe (used in metallurgy, etc.).
blowtube: A blowgun.
nuncheon: A drink or light snack taken in the afternoon; a refreshment between meals.
railbank: An embankment adjacent to a railroad track.
disproof: A refutation.
safranal: An organic compound isolated from saffron, believed to be a degradation product of the carotenoid zeaxanthin via the intermediacy of picrocrocin.
idiotype: A characteristic shared by a group of immunoglobulin or T-cell receptor molecules, based on the antigen-binding specificity of their variable region; and thus, the resultant immunologic phenotype, which can often be specific to a person or to only a small percentage of people.
onceness: The state or condition of being once; singularity.
nonhorse: That which is not a horse.
limewash: A mixture of slaked lime in water.
spinfoam: Alternative spelling of spin foam
rocksalt: Alternative spelling of rock salt
dementor: An evil and fearsome creature.
daubster: A dauber (unskillful painter).
screw-up: Alternative spelling of screwup
Horowitz: Ellipsis of Horowitz index.
ptyalism: sialorrhea
subcaste: A subgrouping of a caste.
varifold: A certain generalization of a differentiable manifold
trilayer: Any structure consisting of three layers
ringhole: A relatively short, toroidal wormhole
warmdown: A set of exercises carried out after a fitness routine in order to return the body gradually to its normal state, analogous to the warm-up done before the routine.
airscoop: A cowl shaped and positioned to draw air into the engine of a moving vehicle or aircraft
airblast: A sudden rush of air in a confined space (such as a mine) following a disturbance or explosion.
jokebook: Alternative spelling of joke book
deemster: A judge; one who pronounces sentence or doom.
aeroduct: A proposed form of ramjet that harnesses charged particles in the upper atmosphere
apofocus: apocenter, apobaryon
cyberspy: One who carries out cyberespionage.
baralyme: A granular mixture of barium hydroxide and calcium hydroxide, used to absorb carbon dioxide in closed environments (such as spacecraft)
nondrama: Works that are not dramas.
Godsakes: God's sakes (used only in the oath for Godsakes; see for God's sake).
virality: The state or condition of being viral; tendency to spread by word of mouth.
vendeuse: A saleswoman in a fashionable clothing store.
saltlick: Alternative spelling of salt lick
deerlick: A salt lick used by deer.
bologram: The recorded output of a bolometer
boattail: The progressively narrowing rear end of a bullet or ballistic missile that is designed to reduce drag
boattail: A large grackle or blackbird (Quiscalus major), found in the Southern United States.
moufflon: Alternative spelling of mouflon
unbeauty: Lack of beauty; unattractiveness.
bidegree: An extension of the degree (or order) of a polynomial in certain geometries
nanoform: A nanoscale form of something
fluxtube: A cylindrical region of space containing a magnetic field that is parallel to the walls of the cylinder.
viewport: A viewing window.
viewport: A typically rectangular region representing the range or area currently visible (within a window, screen, etc.).
breakoff: Alternative spelling of break-off.
tenascin: Any of a class of glycoprotein found in the extracellular matrix of developing vertebrate embryos
heat map: A two-dimensional graphic representation of data in which different values are represented by different colours.
aethiops: Any of various dark oxides or sulfides of metals
forelook: A preview.
forelook: Someone or something previewed.
subchunk: A chunk (block of data) forming part of a larger chunk.
buildout: The construction and implementation of a system.
buildout: The growth, development, or expansion of something.
restmass: Alternative spelling of rest mass
timestep: A time interval
cepstrum: The inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of a magnitude spectrum; used especially in voice analysis.
malvacea: Any plant of the mallow family, Malvaceae.
triggery: Trigger mechanisms, taken collectively.
datarate: Alternative spelling of data rate
œnologue: Alternative form of oenologue
rimester: One who rimes.
ringster: Member of a (political or economic) ring
testacea: A testaceous substance, something made of shell or shell-like material.
linotype: A form of typesetting machine in which a complete line of characters is set at once.
linotype: The slug produced by such a machine, or matter composed in such lines.
yachtman: A yachtsman.
Timonism: A form of bitter misanthropy, a despair leading to hatred or contemptuous rejection of mankind, like Timon of Athens.
Timonism: A bitter or cynical utterance or behavior, in the manner of Timon of Athens.
Timonist: A sort of bitter misanthrope related to Timonism, like Timon of Athens.
silicene: A monolayer of silicon atoms packed together to resemble graphene.
silicene: Any short-lived, reactive species R₂Si: analogous to carbenes.
bowshock: Alternative spelling of bow shock
Timonian: A member of the French Catholic Sacred Heart congregation founded by Joseph-Marie Timon-David.
whipster: a scholastic often pedantic person, wise guy
quadrine: Alternative form of quatrin
opoponax: Alternative form of opopanax
asplenia: Absence of normal function of the spleen, from any cause:
asplenia: Anatomical absence of the spleen (after splenectomy or congenitally).
asplenia: Absence of normal function of the spleen, from any cause:
asplenia: Physiological absence of splenic function; either substantial or total splenic dysfunction; splenic nonfunction.
antikink: A negative 1-soliton solution to the Sine–Gordon equation
repellor: Misspelling of repeller.
repellor: A repelling set having a dense orbit
sub-page: Alternative spelling of subpage
wildwood: Woodland that has developed naturally, especially where a suitable climate has developed with it.
prophyll: The frequently specialised or reduced leaf produced at the first node of a new shoot.
remapper: One who, or that which, remaps.
probeset: A collection of two or more probes that are designed to measure a single molecular species.
crapplet: An unwanted or poor-quality applet.
tauranin: A sesquiterpene quinone that is a metabolic pigment found in some fungi
datacube: Alternative spelling of data cube
what-not: Alternative spelling of whatnot
monensin: An antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces cinnamonensis.
borewell: A well constructed by boring a vertical hole (often subsequently fitted with a casing).
laponite: A synthetic smectic clay that forms a clear, thixotropic gel when dispersed in water
portress: a female porter (person in control of the entrance to a building)
townwear: Everyday clothing suitable for wearing in a town, as opposed to activewear.
chiralon: Any of a family of proposed chiral mesons
pointlet: An extension of the rachis past the last leaf pair in a paripinnate leaf that usually represent an aborted leaf.
scotosis: Intellectual blindness: a hardening of the mind against unwanted wisdom.
face man: A person who is used to present a good public face for an organization.
cimbasso: A cylindrical valved instrument in the low brass family, closely related to the trombone and normally pitched a fifth or an octave below the tenor and bass trombones.
dribblet: Alternative form of driblet
bait box: a box used to keep bait
bait box: A small box, in which poison is kept, with space for small animals e.g. rats to eat from.
butyroin: The compound 5-hydroxy-4-octanone, having a buttery, nutty aroma, that is used in perfumery and flavouring
deviator: That which deviates, or causes deviation
inventio: One of the five canons of classical rhetoric: the method used for the discovery of arguments.
phenacyl: The aromatic ketonic radical C₆H₅-CO-CH₂-
macrogol: Any of an industrial range of polyethylene glycols
cat milk: Milk formulated to be suitable for cats.
stipella: Alternative form of stipel
phyllary: An individual bract within an involucre or involucel.
theogony: The origination of gods or a narrative describing the origin of gods.
helislab: A relatively large cluster of liquid crystal molecules having a common helical axis.
dépeçage: the joint application of norms from different legal systems
blacktip: Any of various fish having black-colored tips.
blacktip: Any of various pierid butterflies of the genus Elphinstonia, having black tips to the upper forewings.
tenaille: An outwork in the main ditch of a fortification, in front of the curtain, between two bastions.
catshark: Any of the sharks in the family Scyliorhinidae
nonactin: A member of a family of macrotetrolide antibiotics
thiolato: A thiolate moiety serving as a substituent
errorbar: Alternative spelling of error bar
stopband: A band of frequencies in which an electronic filter will not let signals pass through.
espouser: One who espouses; one who embraces or adopts a cause.
myogenin: A protein (and associated gene) responsible for the development of skeletal muscle
leukosis: Synonym of leukocytosis.
leukosis: Synonym of leukemia.
syntenin: A protein that binds the cytoplasmic C-terminal FYA motif of the syndecans
eclosure: The emergence of an insect from the pupa case, or of a larva from the egg
substage: The stage, below the main stage of a microscope, to which attachments are fixed.
substage: A stage making up part of a larger stage.
metaatom: The unit cell of a metamaterial.
beamstop: Any of several devices used in X-ray crystallography to avoid damage by X-rays
teatowel: Alternative form of tea towel
exaltone: cyclopentadecanone
pimelate: Any salt or ester of pimelic acid
uncledom: the state of being an uncle
auntness: the state of being an aunt.
rebagger: One who rebags goods.
empresse: Obsolete form of empress.
nessness: The quintessence of being.
duplexer: A device that enables communication in two directions over a single path.
shitizen: A citizen who is common, of little value, worthless, or corrupt.
snow gun: Alternative spelling of snowgun
pleiopus: Rare spelling of pleopod.
cracktro: An intro added to a piece of cracked software, typically including visual effects and music and naming the group that did the cracking.
blobfish: Psychrolutes marcidus, a fish that inhabits the deep waters off the coasts of the Australian mainland and Tasmania.
pleiopod: Rare spelling of pleopod.
nonalibi: That which is not an alibi.
oilstone: A type of stone used for sharpening objects such as knives and razorblades.
jus soli: The right of nationality or citizenship acquired by being born in said place.
aëronaut: Archaic spelling of aeronaut.
cellaret: A deep, often metal-lined drawer in a sideboard used for storing wines and liquors.
isogonal: A line connecting points on the Earth's surface whose magnetic declination is identical.
aquitard: A semipermeable layer along an aquifer.
teamaker: A person who makes tea (the drink).
teamaker: A machine that prepares tea (the drink).
carrosse: Alternative form of carosse (“type of coach”)
megademo: A large, long-running demo (audiovisual presentation), sometimes one that multiloads.
venosity: The quality of being venous or venose.
venosity: A condition in which the circulation is retarded, and the entire mass of blood is less oxygenated than it normally is.
aquifuge: An aquiclude.
diplexer: A passive device that implements frequency domain multiplexing.
captafol: A particular fungicide.
box kick: A type of kick performed by the scrum-half. From the base of a ruck, maul or scrum, the scrum-half will stand sideways onto the opposition with his kicking foot further from them, and kick the ball high into the air so as to hopefully prevent the opposition charging down the kick.
senicide: The killing of an elderly person.
parietin: A cortical pigment of some lichens (genus Caloplaca and Xanthoria parietina, also found in roots of curled dock (Rumex crispus), having an orange-yellow colour and antifungal properties.
uvaricin: A bis(tetrahydrofuranoid) fatty acid lactone, the first acetogenin discovered.
monorden: radicicol
aldicarb: A carbamate insecticide that acts as a cholinesterase inhibitor.
aldolate: Any anion derived from an aldol
toe sock: A type of sock where each toe is separately encased, like fingers in a glove.
maldison: The pesticide malathion.
colormap: A lookup table specifying the colors to be used in rendering a palettized image.
metaball: An n-dimensional object with an organic appearance, characterised by the ability to meld into others when in close proximity.
schapska: Alternative spelling of chapka
glenzing: A technique for simulating translucency by storing extra colour values in the palette that represent the combined colours of intersecting objects in a scene.
iodoxole: The five-membered unsaturated heterocycle consisting of three carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, one hypervalent iodine atom and one double bond; any derivative of this compound
bisimine: Any compound having two imine groups
boronate: Any salt or ester of a boronic acid
crocacin: Any of a class of potent antifungal and cytotoxic agents that are polyketide derivatives
languour: Alternative spelling of languor
dienoate: Any salt or ester of a dienoic acid
sarrasin: A portcullis.
dithiane: Any of three isomeric six-membered saturated heterocycles having four carbon atoms and two sulfur atoms; any derivative of these compounds.
heptanal: heptanaldehyde
glycinal: The amino aldehyde NH₂CH₂CHO corresponding to the amino acid glycine; any derivative of this compound
fatherer: Agent noun of father: one who fathers.
masterer: Agent noun of master: one who masters.
motherer: Agent noun of mother: one who mothers.
geekwear: Clothing befitting a geek.
heptaene: Any unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbon having seven double bonds
haloenol: Any halogenated derivative of an enol
day-peep: The dawn.
browneye: The anus.
indanone: Either of two isomeric ketones derived from indane.
leucinol: The alcohol formed by total reduction of the carboxylic acid group of leucine; any of its derivatives
leucinal: The aldehyde formed by reduction of the carboxylic acid group of leucine; any of its derivatives.
pivaloyl: The radical derived from pivalic acid
polyenyl: Any radical derived from a polyene
helepole: Alternative form of helepolis
sebacoyl: the radical derived from sebacic acid
silation: silylation
styrenyl: A univalent radical derived from styrene
viomycin: An antibiotic, of complex structure, derived from the actinomycete Streptomyces puniceus.
antofine: A phenanthroindolizidine alkaloid that has some anticancer activity
supercop: A highly skilled and dedicated member of the police.
tagalong: One who, or that which, tags along.
supergun: A very large cannon with an extremely high muzzle velocity and large bore.
anatoxin: A bacterial toxin (usually an exotoxin) whose toxicity has been weakened or suppressed
anatoxin: A powerful neurotoxin, one of many toxins produced by several species of cyanobacterium.
bulgecin: Any of a group of lactamase inhibitors consisting of an acetylglucosamine unit linked to bulgecinine
boehmite: A mixed oxide and hydroxide of aluminium.
civetone: The unsaturated macrocyclic ketone 1-cycloheptadec-9-enone that is a pheromone produced by the civet cat, and is used to add a musky tone to perfumes
zoo blot: A Southern blot applied to the DNA of more than one species, so as to compare them.
phoresis: Delivery or movement of a substance by means of an agent.
cry-baby: Alternative spelling of crybaby
myrtanol: The bicyclic terpenoid alcohol (1S,2S)-6,6-dimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]heptane-2-methanol that is used in perfumery and flavouring
octaloop: An eight-base hairpin loop motif
oxoalkyl: Any alkyl group in which a methylene group has been replaced by a carbonyl group.
pentenyl: Any radical derived from a pentene.
prolinol: The alcohol obtained by reduction of proline.
silyloxy: Any univalent radical, of general formula R₃Si-O- derived from a silyl ether
fuzz box: An effects pedal comprising an amplifier and a clipping circuit, used in music to generate a distorted version of the input signal.
tellenol: Any compound of general formula RTeH, the tellurium analogues of alcohols.
tea-time: Alternative form of teatime
nanodisc: A synthetically constructed soluble protein ring that stably incorporates a lipid membrane, used in the study of membrane proteins.
coldtrap: Alternative spelling of cold trap
bispinor: An object that is used to describe quantum fields having half-spin
locsiton: A form of exciton that has only a local effect.
fanskate: Any of various fish of the genus Sympterygia.
deadtime: The time between a change in a signal and the response to that change.
deadtime: The time, after an event, during which a system cannot respond to a second event.
deadtime: The serving of a prison sentence.
shortfin: A creature of this kind.
waterjug: A jug used to hold water.
spherium: A model of a form of atom composed of two electrons restricted to the surface of a sphere.
azasugar: A nitrogen derivative of a sugar in which a piperidine structure replaces a tetrahydropyran structure.
fagomine: The iminosugar 1,5-imino-1,2,5-trideoxy-D-arabino-hexitol present in buckwheat and elsewhere in the form of a glycoside
fucoside: Any glycoside of fucose.
fuculose: A deoxysugar related to tagatose
skeevies: (the skeevies) A feeling of nausea or fear
codework: A form of creative writing in which the text is mixed with code from various computer languages.
coronium: A supposed chemical element, hypothesized in the 19th century in order to explain a green emission line seen during the total solar eclipse of 7 August 1869 (actually highly ionized iron).
passcard: A card that allows the bearer to pass a security checkpoint.
pyrrolyl: A radical derived from pyrrole
polyoxin: Any of a group of nucleoside antibiotics, produced by Streptomyces bacteria, composed of heterocyclic moieties derived from amino sugars; the simplest being 1-β-(5'-amino5'-deoxy-D-allofuranuronosyl)-5-hydroxy-methyluracil
rhizoxin: An antimitotic agent with antitumor activity, isolated from a pathogenic plant fungus (Rhizopus microsporus) which causes rice seedling blight
carphone: Alternative form of car phone
enallene: Any allene that has a neighbouring double bond
tibolone: A synthetic steroid hormone drug used mainly in the treatment of endometriosis.
trictrac: Alternative form of ticktack (“kind of backgammon”)
nongiver: One who does not make charitable donations.
loxapine: A typical antipsychotic medication derived from dibenzazepine and mainly used to treat schizophrenia.
alunogen: An aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries.
cocopeat: coir used as a peat substitute
oligoyne: Any compound having many carbon-carbon (conjugated) triple bonds
oligoene: Any compound having many carbon-carbon (conjugated) double bonds (such as a carotenoid)
vortexer: A vortex mixer.
triquark: A normal baryon composed of three quarks.
nanowall: A nanoscale wall (in an electronic device)
smithery: The place where a smith works.
smithery: The trade or craft of a smith.
scalaron: a scalar-field soliton
nontutor: One who is not a tutor.
minihalo: A relatively small, relatively cool halo
subshift: A set of infinite words representing the evolution of a discrete system, used in symbolic dynamics.
claqueur: One of the claque employed to applaud at a theatre.
allylate: Any salt or ester of an allylic carboxylic acid (one containing an allyl radical)
stockin': Pronunciation spelling of stocking.
loviride: An antiviral drug against HIV.
jactance: Boasting; bragging; showing off.
arrestor: Alternative form of arrester
nanofilm: A film of nanoscale thickness
oscillon: A form of soliton observed in a granular environment.
barbiers: A paralysis, peculiar to India and the Malabar coast, thought to be a chronic form of beriberi.
grabfest: An event at which participants greedily attempt to grab goods or resources.
toe shoe: A ballet shoe worn for pointework.
boatneck: A wide, high neckline that follows the curve of the collarbone and ends in points on the shoulder seams.
retailor: Obsolete spelling of retailer
bishonen: An Asian aesthetic of young men whose beauty (and sex appeal) transcends the boundary of gender or sexual orientation, found in manga, etc.
nanocone: A nanoscale cone
thenness: The state or condition of being then, in the past as opposed to now.
obstetr.: Abbreviation of obstetrics.
wheelman: A driver of an automobile, especially a getaway vehicle in a criminal enterprise.
wheelman: The steersman on a ship.
wheelman: A cyclist.
boychild: A male child.
noncoder: One who is not a coder (computer programmer).
pipradol: A mild stimulant of the central nervous system, used to treat obesity, narcolepsy, ADHD and dementia, but no longer widely used because of the potential for abuse.
petrogr.: Abbreviation of petrography.
oxazolam: A benzodiazepine drug with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties.
prazepam: A benzodiazepine drug with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties.
eurodemo: A demo made by Europeans.
oxazepam: A drug of the benzodiazepine group, used to treat anxiety states and insomnia; 7-chloro-1,3-dihydro-3-hydroxy-5-phenyl-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one, C₁₅H₁₁ClN₂O₂.
barbital: The first commercially marketed barbiturate, used as a hypnotic drug until the mid-1950s.
cupmaker: someone who makes cups
bedmaker: someone who manufactures beds
bedmaker: A bedder.
tiemaker: Someone who makes ties.
jobmaker: A company that creates jobs.
dockhand: Someone who works at a dock.
oxytaxis: movement or orientation towards a supply of oxygen
fuckroom: bedroom or any room used for fornication
singerie: A satirical genre of visual arts depicting monkeys imitating human behaviour, often fashionably dressed.
fuckhole: One's sexual partner.
fuckhole: The vagina.
fuckhole: The anus.
fuckhole: An inconsiderate, unpleasant or rude person.
fuckfest: orgy, an act of group sex
fuckfest: multiple acts of sex with a single partner over a period of several hours
fuckfest: imbroglio, disaster
kingcake: Alternative spelling of king cake
roitelet: A petty king, a kinglet.
wabbling: The motion of something that wabbles.
ropemate: someone to whom one is connected by a rope
wareroom: A room used for storing or displaying goods or wares.
wagonful: The amount that will fit in a wagon.
isohypse: A contour line; a line on a map connecting points of equal height.
bahookie: backside, bottom
babywear: Collectively, clothes made for babies.
casaquin: A kind of short gown associated with French working-class or peasant women.
revendge: Obsolete spelling of revenge
swallowe: Obsolete spelling of swallow
downflow: A downward flow.
skandall: Obsolete spelling of scandal
quantion: A form of quaternion used to explain the electroweak theory on curved spacetime.
pet hate: Something that is personally annoying; a personal dislike.
bandhead: A location on a spectrum where many lines become very close together and appear as a band
lightmap: A precomputed data structure that stores the brightnesses of surfaces in a video game, etc.
moonsail: A moonraker (sail).
halfwave: half (especially the positive half) of a sine wave
apolysis: The separation of the cuticula from the epidermis in arthropods and related groups.
apolysis: A prayer of dismissal at the end of an Eastern Orthodox service
bathtime: Alternative spelling of bath time
presbyte: A presbyope.
crofting: A form of land tenure and small-scale food production, unique to the Highlands and islands of Scotland, in which individual crofts are established on the better land while a large area of poor-quality hill ground is shared by all the crofters of the township for grazing.
crofting: The process of exposing linen to the sun, on the grass, in the process of bleaching.
linkback: Any of various mechanisms for notifying the owner of a webpage when it is linked to from another document.
pagefile: Alternative spelling of page file
failback: The restoration of a system in a state of failover back to its original state (before the failure occurred).
chipcard: A card that contains a microchip; a smart card.
graviola: Synonym of soursop
diadduct: An adduct formed by the addition of two molecules of a compound
egginess: The state or quality of being eggy.
backlink: A hyperlink to a webpage from an external website.
backlink: A reference to an object on another server, allowing it to be updated periodically.
heptenyl: A radical derived from a heptene
dimedone: The cyclic diketone 5,5-dimethylcyclohexane-1,3-dione used in analytical chemistry
vasculum: A container used by botanists to store newly-collected samples.
num lock: Alternative spelling of Num Lock
cut line: Alternative form of cutline
oxazolyl: A radical derived from an oxazole
oxoamide: Any amide of a ketocarboxylic acid
navicert: A form of passport permitting a neutral ship to traverse a blockade in wartime.
aminorex: An anorectic stimulant drug of the 2-amino-5-aryl oxazoline class.
thebacon: Dihydrocodeinone enol acetate, a semisynthetic opioid that is similar to hydrocodone and manufactured from thebaine.
siletane: A saturated heterocycle having three carbon atoms and one silicon atom; any derivative of this compound
fibratus: a cloud species which consists of fine hair-like strands, clearly separate, and with thin, straight terminations; associated with cirrus and cirrostratus formations.
sugarpie: A term of endearment; honey, sweetie, darling.
overside: The side facing up or positioned above; the topside; surface.
overside: The reverse or opposite side of something.
surfboat: Alternative spelling of surf boat
capsomer: capsomere
polytime: polynomial time
adherend: That which adheres to something else by adhesion.
accidens: Synonym of accident (“a property, fact, or relation that is the result of chance or is nonessential or nonsubstantive”)
poke box: A domestic container for miscellaneous items such as buttons, paper clips, and safety pins.
Casanova: A man considered romantic and gallant, especially one who gives amorous attentions to women.
Casanova: A promiscuous, philandering man.
boxiness: The condition of being boxy
nanocube: A nanosized cube
agglutin: Any antibody that causes agglutination of cells.
albarium: A form of lime, made by heating marble, used for stucco.
aerarium: The state treasury of Ancient Rome.
xibornol: A particular antibiotic, primarily administered to the throat.
kebuzone: The drug ketophenylbutazone.
xipamide: A sulfonamide diuretic drug used to treat oedema and hypertension.
aquacade: An entertainment consisting of swimmers and divers performing to music
aquosity: The condition of being watery; wateriness
arborway: avenue (lined with trees)
cavegirl: A young cavewoman.
cavegirl: A brutish or aggressive girl.
requinto: A smaller, higher-pitched version of another instrument, usually a guitar.
boration: treatment or reaction with a borate or other boron compound
azadiene: Any vinyl imine CH₂=CH-CH=NH or CH₂=CH-N=CH₂; any derivative of these compounds
borating: treatment or reaction with a borate
acrodont: One of a group of lizards having the teeth immovably united to the top of the alveolar ridge
rotework: Dreary, tedious work done by rote.
rimstone: A secondary mineral deposit, with a stone-wall-like appearance made up of calcite and other minerals, that builds up to create cave pools.
antumbra: The region from which an occulting body appears entirely contained within the disc of the light source.
shadebob: A type of bob (graphical sprite-like element) rendered additively on the display, so that it blends with others but can be easily removed again by decrementing the colour value at each pixel.
pipeclay: catlinite
savefile: A file containing saved data.
rightard: A person of right-wing political views.
aviarist: A person who keeps an aviary.
balkline: baulk line
sockeroo: Something remarkably impressive or successful.
barbicel: Any of the hooks on the barbules of a feather that interlock adjacent barbs
acromion: The outermost point of the shoulder blade.
subarray: A contiguous subset of an array.
octaword: Misspelling of octoword.
octoword: A numerical value of eight times the magnitude of a word, 128 bits on a 16-bit architecture.
abscisin: Alternative spelling of abscissin
gorgerin: In some columns, that part of the capital between the termination of the shaft and the annulet of the echinus, or the space between two neck moldings; the hypotrachelium.
gorgerin: Synonym of gorget (“armor”)
gorgerin: Synonym of gorget (“wimple (clothing); necklace, neck-ornamentation”)
biliuria: The presence of bile acids or bile salts in the urine.
Normande: A dairy cow of a particular breed originating from Normandy, France.
bimedian: A line that joins the midpoints of opposite sides of a quadrilateral or tetrahedron
bimester: A period of two months.
topsider: A boat shoe
asperger: A ceremonial herb bundle or perforated object used to sprinkle witch's water at the commencement of a ritual
bitheism: A form of dualism that recognizes two deities which are not in conflict or opposition (as good vs evil) but rather are in two exclusive forms or states (like male and female).
bovinity: The condition of being bovine.
Arietian: Synonym of Aries, a person born under the influence of Aries.
esperium: Alternative form of hesperium
pelopium: A supposed chemical element, later found to be a mixture of niobium and tantalum.
ilmenium: A supposed chemical element, later found to be a mixture of niobium and tantalum.
ausonium: A rejected name for neptunium. (Ausonium chemical symbol: Ao)
dojigger: A thing whose name is not known; a whatsit or doohickey.
canicide: The killing of a dog.
canicide: A dog-killer.
capeador: A person who aids a bullfighter by distracting the bull with his cape.
bruiting: The act of one who bruits something; the promulgation of news or rumours.
dripline: Alternative form of drip line
akaryote: akaryocyte
taverner: Someone who owns or runs a tavern.
cancroid: Any disease that resembles cancer
cancroid: Squamous cell carcinoma
anemosis: A shake in timber caused by high winds.
apogonid: Any of the family Apogonidae of large-headed, marine, percoid fishes with oblong and compressed bodies.
arcature: A small arched passageway.
greybody: Alternative spelling of graybody
tarogato: a reed instrument originating from Hungary
parbreak: Vomit; vomiting.
attainor: A juror guilty of attaint
clubwear: Clothing intended to be worn to nightclubs.
capsheaf: The top sheaf of a stook of wheat etc
capsheaf: A crowning point
lead dog: one of the dogs at the front of the team, who set the pace.
bilepton: A proposed form of gauge boson having a lepton number of two.
reascent: A second or subsequent ascent; the act or process of reascending.
caulicle: A small stalk or stem, especially the rudimentary stalk of a seed embryo
Bethesda: Any location whose waters are supposed to have curative properties.
stepsize: The size of a step.
algidity: The state of being algid.
ethnikon: Alternative spelling of ethnicon
portesse: Obsolete spelling of porteous
ethnicon: name of a tribe; ethnonym
porteous: A portable breviary.
gundalow: A flat-bottomed cargo vessel once common in Maine and New England rivers.
eggsalad: Alternative spelling of egg salad
cavicorn: Any animal having hollow horns
cavicorn: A hollow-horned ruminant, one of a group formerly treated taxonomically as Cavicornia.
extirper: An extirpator.
exhalent: Alternative form of exhalant
exhalant: Something that emits a fluid
cotenant: A person who shares a tenancy with another; a co-owner of an interest in property.
fuckover: An act of trickery
gluelump: A light glueball consisting of a single gluon
crosslet: A small cross with crossed arms.
enculade: Sodomy, an act of anal sex.
dogooder: Alternative spelling of do-gooder
main man: One's closest male friend.
gothness: Traits associated with the goth subculture, such as philosophical melancholy.
illinium: A rejected name for promethium.
circline: A fluorescent light in the form of a ring.
circline: A generalized circle.
enallage: Transformation from one grammatically correct form to another.
enallage: The substitution of one grammatical form for another that violates a grammatical rule.
Strephon: A pastoral male lover.
fishball: A food item made from pulverized fish shaped into a ball, popular in Chinese and Scandinavian cuisine.
mezquite: Dated form of mesquite.
cirriped: Any barnacle or similar crustacean of the infraclass Cirripedia
exceptor: Someone who makes exceptions.
garotter: Alternative spelling of garrotter
noseshot: range of smell, a distance in which something is detectable by smell
excitive: That which excites; an excitant.
goosecap: A fool; a dolt.
eugenist: An advocate or supporter of eugenics.
chlorion: A chlorine ion.
scumware: malware
sungazer: One who takes part in sungazing, staring at the Sun.
sungazer: Smaug giganteus, a large burrowing lizard of South Africa.
hosehead: An alcoholic.
hosehead: A person from Canada.
cunthood: The state or period of being a cunt.
slutness: The state of being a slut.
sluthood: The state or period of being a slut.
deporter: One who deports.
geocoder: A software mechanism for geocoding.
gub'mint: Alternative spelling of gubmint
oliphant: An elephant.
oliphant: An ancient ivory hunting-horn.
spontoon: A pointed weapon similar to a pike.
waterboy: Alternative spelling of water boy
henology: The philosophical discourse on "The One" that appears most notably in the philosophy of Plotinus.
VU meter: A display in audio equipment that represents the loudness of the signal.
VU meter: Any animated graphical representation of the volume of sound or music (often subdivided across channels).
curvelet: A small section of a curve (used in image processing)
frogling: a young or little frog
ranarium: a place where frogs are bred
froggery: a place or enclosure where frogs are kept, and often bred.
rabbitry: Аn enclosure where rabbits are kept, and often bred.
cameline: Synonym of camlet
nanovoid: A nanosize void
knobbler: A young hart (male deer) in its second year.
lexicode: lexicographic code
capscrew: Alternative spelling of cap screw
doveling: A young or baby dove.
whatness: Essence; quiddity.
whatness: Quality; quantity.
medician: A physician, a medical doctor; a medic.
decipium: Proposed name for a chemical element isolated from samarskite, later found to be a mixture of samarium and other rare earth elements.
nauplius: A crustacean larva that has three pairs of locomotive organs (corresponding to antennules, antennae, and mandibles), a median eye, and little or no segmentation of the body.
vaporing: Alternative form of vapouring
succorer: someone who succors
clausula: The conclusion of a passage; cadence.
clausula: The close or end of a historical period; clause.
menstrue: The menstrual cycle; menses.
ice luge: A large block of ice with a narrow channel carved through it used to cool a beverage for drinking.
netlabel: A record label that distributes most of its music online through digital audio formats.
coagulin: Any substance having the ability to coagulate foreign proteins
borinate: Any compound of general formula R₂B-OR (an ester of borinic acid)
cunthead: A stupid or otherwise undesirable person.
cuntfuck: A stupid or otherwise undesirable person.
cuntfuck: An act of vaginal penetration.
basinful: As much as a basin will hold.
coagulum: A mass of coagulated material; a clot or curd
cuntfest: A lesbian orgy.
shitfuck: A stupid or otherwise undesirable person.
squirmer: One who, or that which, squirms.
coconsul: joint consul
coeffect: A joint effect
calliper: Alternative spelling of caliper
passthru: Alternative spelling of passthrough
meitnium: A rejected name for protactinium.
Urartean: Alternative spelling of Urartian
thin air: An unknown location.
oögonium: Alternative spelling of oogonium
oologist: a person who studies or specializes in oology
oölogist: Alternative spelling of oologist
brailing: Synonym of brail (“rope for trussing sails”)
brailing: Any of the loops at the base of a tent that allow it to be secured with pegs.
oösphere: Alternative spelling of oosphere
magicity: The condition of a heavy isotope of having a magic number of protons and neutrons, and therefore of having particular stability
indolate: Any anion (or salt containing such an anion) derived from an indole by removal of the hydrogen atom bound to the nitrogen atom
wine gum: a chewy, pastille-like jelly candy, usually brightly coloured and fruit flavoured.
topolect: The speech form, variety (lect) of a particular place or region.
topolect: A regional variety of Chinese; especially a lect other than Standard Mandarin.
tomatine: A toxic glycoalkaloid with fungicidal properties, found in the stems and leaves of tomato plants.
alicycle: Any alicyclic compound
foolfish: filefish
foolfish: winter flounder
filefish: Any fish of the family Monacanthidae, with very slender bodies.
lamenter: One who laments.
pachouli: Alternative spelling of patchouli
breedism: Prejudice concerning breeds of animals.
breedist: An advocate of breedism.
Numidian: an inhabitant of Numidia
comtrace: combined trace
collatee: A person who is in receipt of (collated to) a benefice
colation: The act of straining or filtering.
collater: Alternative spelling of collator
colleger: A member of a college (in any sense)
colleger: One of the 70 foundationers at Eton College.
photuria: Luminous or phosphorescent urine.
overdede: Overdoing; excess.
flysheet: An extra cover of a tent to protect against insects and bad weather.
flysheet: A printed leaflet or pamphlet.
forelady: the female equivalent of a foreman
hindmilk: The milk secreted during the later part of breastfeeding, typically high in fat and low in protein.
cohobate: The concentrated distillate so formed
foremilk: The first milk drawn from a cow during milking; in humans, the milk secreted initially during breastfeeding, typically low in fat and rich in protein.
footrope: a rope attached to the lower part of a sail
footrope: a rope attached to a yard that sailors stood on to stabilize it when furling or reefing
goatling: A young goat; a kid.
fumatory: A place for subjecting things to smoke or vapour.
fun park: An amusement park.
furmenty: Alternative form of frumenty
footbath: The act of soaking or washing the feet.
footbath: A small basin or bath designed for soaking or washing the feet.
footbath: A liquid mixture, often medicinal, for soaking or washing the feet with.
cadaster: Alternative spelling of cadastre
hockeyer: A hockey player.
f**khead: Censored spelling of fuckhead.
s**thead: Censored spelling of shithead.
belamour: A loved one; a darling, lover.
gantline: A line rigged to a mast, used to hoist rigging.
kicksled: A type of small sled consisting of a handlebar mounted on a pair of flexible metal runners. The driver stands on the runners and kicks the sled forward with one foot. In front of the handlebar there's often a seat for a passenger.
colonate: A peasant, in Ancient Rome, who was legally tied to the land, but could not be bought or sold
scarmoge: Obsolete form of skirmish.
calyptra: In bryophytes, a thin, hood of tissue that forms from the archegonium and covers the developing sporophyte and is shed as it ripens.
calyptra: any cap-like covering of a flower or fruit, such as the operculum over the unopened buds of Eucalyptus flowers
calyptra: Any of various coverings at the tips of structures, in the terminology of various authors; for example rootcaps and the apical cells of trichomes.
calyptra: In flies such as the housefly, Musca, in the taxonomic order Diptera, zoological section Schizophora, subsection Calyptrata, the calyptra is a membranous rearward extension of the forewing; it covers the haltere.
covetise: Covetousness; excessive desire for something, especially for acquiring wealth.
lenticel: One of the small, oval, rounded spots upon the stem or branch of a plant, from which the underlying tissues may protrude or roots may issue, either in the air, or more commonly when the stem or branch is covered with water or earth.
lenticel: A small, lens-shaped gland on the underside of some leaves.
coxalgia: pain in the hip
meadwort: Meadowsweet, a plant found near rivers or on damp ground.
fellness: The state or quality of being fell; awfulness, horror, cruelty.
burgonet: A light helmet worn by infantrymen, bearing a crest and hinged cheekpieces, but typically without a visor.
amenance: Conduct, demeanor.
minnower: a fisherman who minnows.
vaseline: Petroleum jelly.
vaseline: Any particular kind of petroleum jelly or of any similar lubricant.
vaseline: Short for Vaseline glass. or the colouring used in making it.
biofluid: Any biological fluid
variadic: A function that takes a variable number of arguments.
indicant: That which indicates or points out.
evangely: The "good news" revealed by the Gospel; redemption.
evangely: One of the four Gospels.
cat piss: Any beverage of low quality.
cat piss: Marijuana.
mimation: The addition of an -m suffix to the vocalic case markers (/a/, /i/ and /u/) in Semitic languages, especially Akkadian.
colleter: Alternative form of colletor
overmake: That which is overmade; make-over.
overmake: An oversupply; surplus.
schmelze: A kind of ruby-red glass made in Bohemia.
vivifier: One who or that which vivifies.
ossicone: Either of the horn-like protuberances on the heads of giraffes and male okapi. Some extinct species in the family bore antler-like ossicones.
panicker: One who panics.
playette: A short play (dramatic work).
playette: A female player (person who plays the field).
build-up: Alternative form of buildup.
CPU time: The length of time that a central processing unit takes to process instructions for a particular program or task.
twattock: A contemptible person.
tourmate: A person with whom one goes on a tour.
songline: A path across the land (or sometimes the sky) marking the route followed by an Aboriginal ancestor made during the Dreaming; often recorded in traditional songs, stories, dance and painting; a dreaming track.
curarine: The alkaloid responsible for the poisonous effects of curare.
cupremia: The presence of copper (Cu) in the blood, and (usually, especially) the degree (that is, its concentration).
griphite: A vitreous, resinous, yellow or dark-brown, molecular compound that is both diploidal and isometric.
snackbar: Alternative form of snack bar
snackbar: A temporary banner informing the user of some action which happened or is about to happen, less interactive than a message box window and more interactive than a toast overlay
Mandopop: Mandarin popular music.
trainful: The quantity contained in a train.
trainful: A large quantity.
flatpack: self-assembly furniture.
flatpack: A surface-mounted circuit board with leads attached in the plane of the board.
ambrette: The musk mallow plant (Abelmoschus moschatus).
ambrette: The essential oil produced from the seeds of the musk mallow.
ambrette: A variety of pear.
ant-heap: An ant-hill.
daturism: Poisoning from hyoscyamine and scopolamine present in thorn apple and similar plants (of genus Datura).
felt tip: Alternative spelling of felt-tip
fist jam: A climbing technique where the fist is forced into a crack and clenched.
fernbird: Megalurus punctatus, an insectivorous bird native to New Zealand.
flunkout: Someone who has given up an educational course.
fetology: The scientific study of fetuses.
velarium: The marginal membrane of certain medusae belonging to the Discophora.
velarium: An awning that stretched over the seating area of the Colosseum in Ancient Rome and other Roman amphitheaters.
velarium: A cloth stretched over another space, such as that stretched below the roof of the Royal Albert Hall.
stummick: Eye dialect spelling of stomach.
condoner: A person who condones
sporosac: A hydrozoan reproductive zooid or simple form of gonophore which does not become medusoid in form or structure
sporosac: An early or simple larval stage of trematode worms and some other invertebrates, which is capable of reproducing other germ cells by asexual generation; a redia.
binormal: A line that is at right angles to both the normal and the tangent of a point on a curve and, together with them, forms three orthogonal axes
condoler: A person who condoles
disdaine: Obsolete spelling of disdain
oxaluria: The presence of oxalic acid (or oxalate) in the urine
vervelle: A rivet containing a hole, or a staple, on a medieval helmet, by which a camail was attached (or rarely, on another piece of armor, by which e.g. a lance rest was attached).
southron: Alternative form of southerner: someone from the south.
southron: Synonym of Englishman.
southron: Synonym of Lowlander: a Scottish person from the low lands south of the Highlands.
southron: Alternative form of Southerner: someone from the American South, particularly (US, historical) a Confederate citizen or soldier.
hazardry: Gambling.
Batavian: Someone from Batavia; Jakartan.
Batavian: A member of an Indonesian ethnic group consisting of the descendants of the people living around Batavia (Jakarta) from around the 17th century.
Batavian: Someone from the tribe of the Batavi.
chinrest: A shaped piece of wood, plastic, etc. attached to the body of a violin or viola to aid in the positioning of the player's chin against on the instrument.
pin bone: A long, thin bone in a fish extending sideways from the backbone.
assignat: A banknote used during the French Revolution, on the security of state land.
ossifier: One who, or that which, ossifies.
souldier: Obsolete spelling of soldier.
covector: A linear map from a vector space to its field of scalars
miglitol: An antidiabetic drug C₈H₁₇NO₅ that is taken orally as a tablet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and acts to slow the absorption of glucose in the small intestine by inhibiting enzymes that break down complex carbohydrates.
subplane: A plane making up part of another plane.
archdean: A member of a discontinued Catholic ecclesiastical office, higher in rank than a dean.
antimale: Something that is anti-male.
yardsale: Alternative spelling of yard sale.
Sasanian: Alternative spelling of Sassanian
Manichee: Alternative form of Manichaean
Sassanid: Sassanian.
nonverse: That which is not verse.
kingklip: A popular South African food fish; Genypterus capensis .
kommetje: A handleless glazed earthenware basin, used as a drinking utensil.
cyberhug: A hug expressed through text or emoticon between computer users.
grayback: Alternative spelling of greyback
bankside: The land by a riverbank.
pedaller: One who pedals; a cyclist (bicycle rider).
wallplug: Alternative spelling of wall plug
nameword: A designation or name given to an object, person or location.
nameword: A noun.
workword: The operative word, especially in a thought, phrase, or idea; keyword.
brahmana: The brahmin varna in Hinduism. (Plural: brahmana.)
brahmana: A brahmin; a member of the brahmana (sense 1).
brahmana: A prose text that explains aspects of the Vedas.
shitheel: Alternative spelling of shit-heel
biphoton: A quantum-entangled state comprising two photons.
reviewee: One who undergoes a review.
fibrofog: Cognitive dysfunction associated with fibromyalgia.
feminity: Synonym of femininity
pannicle: A membrane of tissue in the body of a human or animal.
pannicle: A pannus.
pannicle: The skull.
neatline: The innermost line near the edge of a printed map which separates it from the margin.
neatline: The line on plan to which a structure is to be built, usually ignoring any small irregularities of the building material.
neatline: The margin of a drawing.
multibuy: An offer in which more than one of an item is purchased at the same time.
emeritum: A bounty awarded to a soldier upon the completion of his term of service.
tinyness: the state or quality of being tiny
confidee: The person to whom one confides
puzzlist: One who enjoys creating or solving puzzles; a puzzle aficionado.
snaplock: A mechanism for firing a gun that ignites the propellant by means of sparks produced when a spring-powered cock strikes a flint down on to a piece of hardened steel.
umpolung: The chemical modification of a functional group with the aim of the reversal of polarity of that group.
elbowful: As much as can be held in the crook of one's elbow.
diplegic: One who suffers from diplegia.
hexapole: Anything having six poles or electrodes
coachful: As much as a coach will hold.
time-off: Alternative spelling of time off
freakery: That which is freakish or grotesque.
roundtop: Alternative form of round-top
isogonic: An isogonic line; a curve connecting points on the Earth's surface whose magnetic declination is identical.
demi-sec: A medium-dry wine.
fuzzball: Any soft, fuzzy creature.
fuzzball: A quantum description of a black hole in superstring theory.
fuzzball: A puffball.
fuzzball: An informal American street game resembling baseball.
counthry: Pronunciation spelling of country.
confiner: One who, or that which, limits or restrains.
confiner: A person who lives on the confines, boundary or edge; a neighbour.
confiner: A person who lives within the confines; an inhabitant.
confiner: A prisoner incarcerated for a set term.
vajazzle: A cosmetic treatment in which jewels are placed on a woman's vulva and/or pubic area.
codoping: The doping of a semiconductor along with another substance
microion: A microscopic particle (especially a particle of a colloid) that has an electric charge
whipsman: Someone who uses a whip.
ropesman: someone who uses a rope
torchman: Someone who carries a torch.
torchman: A cutting-torch wielder, a possible member of a safe-cracking team.
torchman: An arsonist who specifically ignites fires.
torchman: A member of a firefighting team who ignites back fires.
knifeman: A man who uses a knife as a weapon.
drum set: A collection of drums and other percussion instruments designed to be played together.
homepage: Alternative form of home page
vagation: The act of wandering, straying, or departing from the expected or regular course; an instance or occasion of this; a wandering; a rambling; a roaming; an aberration.
confuter: A person who confutes
turdball: A contemptible person.
cardanol: A phenol obtained from anacardic acid, used in resins and coatings.
dianthus: Any plant, such as carnations and pinks, of the genus Dianthus.
diallage: A figure of speech in which multiple arguments are brought to bear on a single point
diallage: A green form of pyroxene.
kinghood: The quality or state of being a king; kingship.
kinghood: The state of being a king.
nonworld: That which is not a world.
kingbird: A group of large insectivorous passerine birds of the genus Tyrannus.
gazumper: One who gazumps.
Misesean: Alternative form of Misesian
qubitope: A generalization of a chirotope involving qubits
strutter: someone who struts
hodening: Alternative spelling of hoodening
subnasal: A scale located below the nasal scale.
black op: Clipping of black operation.
godmamma: Alternative spelling of godmama
gonfanon: Alternative form of gonfalon
gonfanon: A banner with three "tails", typically with the middle one longer than the others, and three loops at the top representing where it would have been attached to a pole.
kouskous: Alternative spelling of couscous
gonfalon: A standard or ensign, consisting of a pole with a crosspiece from which a banner is suspended, especially as used in church processions, but also for civic and military display.
gonfalon: Alternative form of gonfanon
diastyle: An intercolumnation of three column diameters.
bad form: Behaviour which is contrary to social expectations, which is inappropriate or rude.
shigella: A bacterium in the genus Shigella, some kinds of which may cause a form of dysentery called shigellosis.
nude run: A prank in which one runs through a public place wearing little or no clothing, usually to amuse others.
iotation: A specific occurrence of palatalization that occurred in the Proto-Slavic language, in which a consonant combined with the palatal approximant /j/ to form a palatalized consonant.
iotation: Any similar process occurring in a later Slavic language or elsewhere.
merogony: A form of asexual reproduction whereby a parasitic protozoan replicates its own nucleus inside its host's cell and then induces cell segmentation; schizogony.
merogony: The development of part of an ovum after damage.
Cottager: someone connected with Fulham Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
tripoint: a point at which three borders meet.
apomorph: An organism existing in an evolutionary state that represents a morphological change as compared to a previous state.
metarule: A rule that governs the application of other rules.
Seasider: someone connected with Blackpool Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
Bluebird: Someone connected with Cardiff City Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
seasider: someone who lives by the seaside
samvydav: Samizdat.
Sky Blue: Someone connected with Coventry City Football Club, as a fan, player, coach, etc.
Chairboy: someone connected with Wycombe Wanderers Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
Shrimper: someone connected with Southend United Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
dicentra: Any of the plant genus Dicentra.
suck-ass: a contemptible person
shitface: a contemptible person
poophole: anus
cockface: A contemptible person.
arseface: A contemptible person.
arseface: An ugly person.
cuntshit: a contemptible person
craphole: a contemptible person
craphole: anus
craphole: a messy or unkempt place
argufier: One who argufies.
cuntface: A term of abuse.
marokite: A dark brown mineral, a mixed oxide of calcium and manganese, found in hydrothermal deposits
dickhole: a man's urethra
dickhole: a contemptible person
thropple: Alternative spelling of thrapple
glutamyl: The univalent radical derived from glutamic acid.
cadinene: Any of a group of isomeric sesquiterpenes found in juniper essential oil.
nonpilot: One who is not a pilot.
celatone: A device invented by Galileo Galilei to observe Jupiter's moons with the purpose of finding longitude on Earth. It took the form of a piece of headgear with a telescope taking the place of an eyehole.
murolene: Any of a group of sesquiterpene hydrocarbons present in several essential oils
myrtenol: A monoterpenoid alcohol found in the essential oil of myrtle
limpdick: Alternative spelling of limp-dick
narratee: someone to whom a story is narrated
xyloside: Any glycoside of xylose.
poration: The formation of pores in a surface, or the pattern of such pores.
menthone: A minty-flavoured monoterpenoid ketone that is used in perfumery, cosmetics and flavouring.
mermayde: Obsolete spelling of mermaid
marry-in: A person who is on a family tree because he has married someone on the tree, and is not related by blood to anyone on the tree except his own descendants.
marry-in: A protest where many people marry, as in protest of a law that forbids such marriages.
jhampani: An Indian rickshaw-bearer.
apigenin: A flavone, found as a glycoside in many plants, that reverses the adverse effects of cyclosporine
fahlband: A stratum in crystalline rock that contains metallic sulfides.
gamebook: A book of games.
gamebook: A book containing an interactive story which unfolds as the reader makes decisions and follows links between numbered pages.
gamebook: A written record of the game that has been shot in a certain area (date, hunter, species, etc.).
genistin: An isoflavone glycoside extracted from soybean
gingerol: Any of several isomeric compounds responsible for the heat of ginger
pop sock: A type of short, knee-high stocking with an elasticated top.
spurrite: A granular mineral composed of a mixed silicate and carbonate of calcium
wadalite: A vitreous nesosilicate of calcium, aluminium and magnesium
ancylite: A basic carbonate mineral of cerium and strontium.
belovite: A basic phosphate / fluoride mineral of strontium and lanthanum.
ryotwari: In British India, a system used to collect revenues directly from the ryots (cultivators of agricultural land), as opposed to zamindari, where revenues were collected indirectly through zamindars.
Lovelace: A well-mannered libertine.
pentrite: The explosive pentaerythritol tetranitrate
wrong'un: Alternative form of wrong 'un
cryotrap: A device used to remove certain materials from a vacuum system by condensation on a cold surface.
paravent: A windscreen.
kilonova: A type of supernova that is underluminous, caused by the merger of two neutron stars
kilonova: A radiation pattern typical of a kilonova.
cyberkid: A child of the Information Age, familiar with computer technology.
nonhippy: One who is not a hippy.
ero-guro: A Japanese literary and artistic movement of the 1920s and 1930s, focusing on eroticism, sexual corruption and decadence.
autodial: A feature in computer software, etc. that dials a telephone number automatically.
moppetry: childhood
moppetry: children
merocele: A femoral hernia.
merosome: Any of the segments of a segmented animal
brucella: Any of a group of pathogenic bacteria of the genus Brucella.
merocyte: Any cell formed by division of a meroblastic ovum
cecropin: Any of a group of antimicrobial peptides that lyse bacterial cell membranes
Numanoid: A fan of the English synthpop musician Gary Numan (born 1958).
colistin: A polymixin antibiotic effective against a range of gram-negative bacteria, sometimes considered a last-resort antibiotic.
ketoacid: Alternative spelling of keto acid
inflamer: Something that inflames.
dipoplia: Misspelling of diplopia.
immanity: Great size; enormousness, hugeness.
immanity: Outrageous cruelty or savagery; enormity.
shoegear: train equipment, usually mounted on bogies, used to transfer electric current from the third rail.
pearmain: A type of pear.
pearmain: Any of various types of apple, having an elongated shape and often with streaky skin.
integron: A system of gene capture and dissemination
cyberart: Art produced with the help of computers, often with an interactive or multimedia aspect.
broderie: An embroidery pattern.
cash bar: A bar at a social event where guests are required to pay for the drinks themselves.
Nisibene: A citizen, inhabitant or native of Nisibis.
argyrism: silver poisoning
argyrism: argyria, argyrosis
morosity: The quality or state of being morose.
refluxer: An apparatus fitted with a reflux condenser.
refluxer: One who suffers from acid reflux.
wise gal: A female wise guy.
pyrylium: A six-member aromatic heterocyclic cation containing five carbon atoms and an oxygen atom that carries a positive charge; any derivative of this compound.
nonchaos: That which is not chaos.
governer: Obsolete form of governor.
Girondin: Someone from the department of Gironde
Girondin: A Girondist.
whenness: Existence at a particular point in time.
squidder: Someone who fishes for squid.
salmoner: Someone who fishes for salmon.
sick man: A weak member of a peer group, especially the weakest.
hardbill: Alternative spelling of hard-bill
hookbill: Any of various parrots with a hooked bill for climbing and for crushing nuts and seeds.
softbill: Any of various birds (of no particular taxonomic commonality) that feed on relatively "soft" foods, such as leaves and insects.
putcheon: A wire trap for catching salmon.
fishlife: The fish (e.g. of an area) collectively.
bitstock: A hand tool consisting of a crank which holds a fitted rotating drill bit tip, designed to bore holes in rigid materials, by cutting a disc in a spiral fashion.
waxpaper: Alternative form of wax paper
desyatin: Alternative form of dessiatina
dipentyl: Two pentyl groups in a molecule
cyclomer: Any compound formed from another by formation of a ring, usually by linking two radicals
cyclomer: Any cyclic polymer
monoaryl: A single aryl group in a compound
cyberism: A belief system focusing on the social benefits of information technology.
viraemic: Such a person
betabeam: Alternative spelling of beta-beam
chirplet: A little chirp.
chirplet: A wavelet whose frequency rises or falls at a constant rate.
loverboy: A male lover, especially a young one.
loverboy: A lady-killer.
chavicyl: The univalent radical derived from chavicol
chavicol: The naturally-occurring allylphenol
heartcut: A portion of material separated by chromatography that is subjected to heartcutting
waterbug: Alternative spelling of water bug
hit test: The test used in collision detection to determine whether two objects are touching.
allinase: Misspelling of alliinase.
tzaritsa: Alternative spelling of czaritsa
infectee: A person or other organism that has been infected.
czaritza: Alternative spelling of tsaritsa
tzaritza: Alternative spelling of tsaritsa
tsaritza: Alternative spelling of czaritsa
mannosan: A polysaccharide composed of mannose residues
sex play: Play of a sexual nature between children.
sex play: Sexual intercourse and associated activities such as foreplay, often involving experimentation with new ideas.
bunkside: The side of a bunk.
infecter: Someone or something that infects.
infector: Something that infects; that which causes infection.
goatmilk: milk produced by goats
caffeoyl: The univalent radical derived from caffeic acid.
subpixel: A subdivision of a pixel, typically used to show the amounts of red, green or blue at a location.
dinocyst: A dormant zygotic stage of the life cycle of dinoflagellates
plateman: A person in charge of the tableware (originally silver plate) in a restaurant.
plateman: Someone who cleans plates.
plateman: A baseman.
maziness: The state of being mazy.
ladyhood: the quality or state of being a lady or ladylike.
luteolin: A particular flavone, found in many vegetables, that functions as an antioxidant
autochef: A machine that prepares and dispenses meals.
deringer: Alternative spelling of derringer
Deringer: Alternative form of derringer
Aramaean: Any member of a West Semitic semi-nomadic and pastoralist people who lived in the Levant and later also in upper Mesopotamia (Biblical Aram) during the Late Bronze Age and the Iron Age. They spoke Aramaic.
zeotrope: A mixture of liquids that may be separated via the gas phase (i.e. by distillation)
lyotropy: The condition of being lyotropic
top kill: a method of closing an oil well, by pumping in drilling fluid (synthetic mud) to shut off the flow of oil, and following with concrete (cement) to plug the hole
siloxene: A compound of silicon, Si₆H₃(OH)₃, that has a planar structure
chopstix: Informal spelling of chopsticks.
cymbalum: Alternative form of cimbalom
longship: A type of naval vessel made by the Vikings.
farriery: The work done by a farrier.
farriery: A farrier's workshop.
threonyl: The univalent radical derived from threonine.
pancheon: A shallow dish used to stand milk while the cream separates, or in which to bake bread.
panchion: Alternative form of pancheon
Savilian: A member of the Savile Club in London, England.
skin tag: Synonym of acrochordon
skin tag: A small flap of skin that hangs off the surface of one's skin.
bedlight: A bedside light.
Saxonian: An inhabitant of Saxony.
ecotoxin: Any substance that is toxic to an ecosystem.
Teucrian: One of the ancient Trojans.
acetogen: Any organism that generates acetic acid or acetate as a product of acetogenesis.
amelotin: A protein secreted by ameloblasts during tooth development
haustrum: Any of the small pouches of the colon caused by sacculation, giving the colon its segmented appearance.
bestatin: the protease inhibitor ubenimex
colipase: A protein coenzyme secreted by the pancreas
ubenimex: A particular protease inhibitor used in the treatment of some leukemias
caveolin: Any of a family of proteins associated with caveolae membranes
multeity: manifoldness; multiplicity; the quality of being many.
axigluon: A proposed class of gluon that has chiral color
redology: The study of the novel Dream of the Red Chamber, one of the four classic Chinese literary works.
dicaprin: Either of two isomeric diglycerides of capric acid
enamelin: Any of a family of proteins associated with the formation of dental enamel.
desklamp: A lamp used to illuminate a desk.
paullone: Any of a class of compounds that inhibit cyclin-dependent kinases that regulate cell division, apoptosis etc.
ampalaya: bitter melon
elseness: The quality of being something else.
gelidity: The state or quality of being gelid.
hot lips: A person who kisses or is said to kiss passionately.
hot lips: An attractive or sexy person.
hot lips: A very good or exciting trumpet player.
hot lips: Either of two red mushrooms, Calostoma cinnabarina and Octospora humosa, whose red fruiting bodies are thought to resemble a pair of lips.
hot lips: Either of two plants of the madder family, Palicourea elata and Palicourea tomentosa, whose red flowers are thought to resemble a pair of lips.
frustule: The siliceous shell of a diatom.
epitheca: The upper half of the theca of a thecate protist such as a diatom or dinoflagellate.
demotist: One versed in the ancient Egyptian demotic writing.
swanling: A young or baby swan; a cygnet.
blacklip: Any of various marine creatures whose shell has a black edge.
futomaki: Large cylindrical sushi, often vegetarian, with nori on the outside and fillings chosen to complement each other.
Leomania: Enthusiasm for the actor Leonardo DiCaprio.
synectin: A cytoplasmic domain-binding protein that inhibits cell migration
traiteur: A restaurateur.
traiteur: A catering company in modern France.
neckband: A band worn around the neck.
neckband: The part of a shirt encircling the neck.
Trumpian: A political supporter of Donald Trump.
snuggery: A comfortable room or dwelling.
kalamdan: Alternative spelling of qalamdan
diarrhœa: Archaic spelling of diarrhea.
air kiss: A social gesture in which the lips are pursed as if kissing, but without actual contact.
frataxin: A class of protein found in mitochondria.
chummery: The building in which unmarried British army officers were quartered during the British Raj.
chummery: The shared home of a group of men who are unmarried or working at a distance from their families.
plowzone: Alternative spelling of ploughzone
gameland: An expanse or area on which game can be hunted, or is plentiful.
gameland: The world or sphere of video games.
parament: A type of elaborate robe especially as worn by someone in power or a religious official.
parament: A liturgical hanging on and around the altar, as well as the cloth hanging from the pulpit and lectern.
parament: A hanging or ornament of a room of state.
herdsboy: A boy who herds animals.
siteswap: A numerical notation used to describe juggling patterns, where each number represents the height and direction of a throw.
siteswap: A specific notation for a pattern.
tyronism: The condition of being a tyro (novice).
hygenist: Misspelling of hygienist.
etamycin: A peptidolactone antibiotic produced by Streptomyces griseoviridis.
macroura: macruran
web feed: newsfeed
orthoëpy: Alternative spelling of orthoepy
wankface: An objectionable person.
farthead: an imbecile
sluthead: A contemptible person.
cockshit: an objectionable person
dickster: Term of abuse.
fuckshit: An obnoxious person.
fuckshit: Contemptible behavior, particularly that which inspires frustration.
cockster: A cocky man.
dickfuck: An imbecile or other undesirable person.
fumehood: Alternative spelling of fume hood
hypester: One who uses hype to promote or advertise.
nanobead: A nanosized bead.
transmon: A particular form of superconducting qubit.
set tool: A blacksmithing tool meant to be struck by a hammer
wankhead: An objectionable person.
hoaxster: Alternative form of hoaxer
accreter: That which accretes, but especially any massive star etc.
abducens: Ellipsis of abducens nerve.
caviling: cavilation
abrachia: The congenital absence of both arms
craphead: An undesirable or stupid person.
junkhead: A junkie, drug addict.
junkhead: A kind of piston engine cylinder head, where the head is formed by a dummy piston mounted inside the top of the cylinder.
crapface: A contemptible or undesirable person.
dropseed: Any member of the genus Sporobolus of bunchgrasses.
microapp: A very small application, often one of a group that are integrated into a website
soapstar: A star of a soap opera.
Saturn V: A US moonshot rocket from the 1960s and 70s
Saturn V: Centaur upper-stage rocket
Wesleyan: A supporter of Wesleyanism.
caviller: Alternative spelling of caviler
erionite: A zeolite mineral with a molecular structure similar to chabazite, usually found in weathered volcanic ash.
deceaser: One who deceases; a person who dies.
illicium: The modified dorsal fin on the head of anglerfish, acting as a lure.
arsedine: An imitation gold used in gilding.
singlino: A singlet form of Higgsino
stromuhr: An instrument for measuring the velocity of blood flow.
shakemap: A map showing ground movement and shaking intensity following major earthquakes.
lycodine: Any of a group of tetracyclic alkaloids obtained from Lycopodium
neostomy: The construction of an artificial opening
stanhope: A gig, buggy or light phaeton, typically with a high seat and closed back.
stanhope: A simple, one-piece microscope consisting of a cylinder of glass with each end curved outwards, one being more convex than the other
stanhope: An optical device, typically embedded in a bijou, utilising a modified Stanhope lens for viewing microphotographs embedded in the device; invented by René Dagron
ferretto: copper sulphide, used to colour glass.
demiflat: In microtonal music, a note played a quarter tone lower than a natural.
avadavat: Any of various estrildid finches of the genus Amandava, especially the red avadavat, Amandava amandava, of India and Southeast Asia, commonly kept and bred as a cagebird; also known as Java sparrow.
nonmason: One who is not a Freemason.
assentor: Alternative form of assenter
selfness: The state, quality, or condition of self.
selfness: Personality.
selfness: Egotism.
ajmaline: An antiarrhythmic drug originally isolated from the roots of Rauvolfia serpentina.
wrymouth: Cryptacanthodes maculatus, a slim, eel-like fish.
blipster: An ethnically black (African-American) hipster.
build-to: A boundary or alignment, usually parallel to the property line, along which a building or structure must be placed. It usually establishes the maximum distance away from the property line that a building or structure may be placed.
bus bulb: an arrangement by which a sidewalk is extended outwards for a bus stop
metalens: A lens made from a metamaterial
athenium: A rejected name for einsteinium.
synandry: Characteristic of a synandrous flower, or a plant bearing such.
actinost: A bone at the base of a paired fin (of a fish)
sand eel: Any of various species of slim fish, resembling eels, especially of the family Ammodytidae.
nanomesh: A nanoscale mesh
suspence: Obsolete spelling of suspense
neopenis: A surgically constructed penis, as of a transgender man who has undergone sex reassignment surgery, or a cisgender man who lacked a penis due to a congenital defect, illness, or injury.
zigadene: Any of the poisonous perennial flowering plants formerly considered to be within the genus Zigadenus.
osmolite: Misspelling of osmolyte.
curlycue: Alternative spelling of curlicue
curlycue: A flourish; a caper.
zootoxin: A toxin produced by an animal.
swashing: A back-and-forth movement of liquid; a swish or swash.
Tarascan: A member of the Purepecha people.
ridgeway: A track or path that follows the highest part of the landscape.
resignee: One who resigns from employment.
resignee: One to whom anything is resigned, or in whose favor a resignation is made.
idocrase: vesuvianite
psilocin: 4-hydroxy-dimethyltryptamine, a hallucinogenic alkaloid found in most psychedelic mushrooms.
delinter: A machine or tool that removes lint.
yarmelke: Alternative spelling of yarmulke
yeshivah: Alternative spelling of yeshiva
yottabit: One septillion (10²⁴, or 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) bits or 1,000 zettabits.
yottabit: a yobibit.
epiflora: epiphytic flora
rhabdoid: A spindle-shaped body chemically related to the plastids, found in the cells of certain plants.
belonger: One who belongs; a member.
belonger: One who has close ties to a specific overseas territory, normally by ancestry, and is therefore granted certain rights.
vot'ress: Obsolete spelling of votress
trigonid: The shearing end of a tribosphenic molar.
Algerine: A native or inhabitant of Algiers or Algeria, especially of Moorish or Berber descent, or of non-European descent.
Algerine: A pirate, especially one from the Barbary Coast.
riseform: Alternative spelling of rise form
windrose: Alternative spelling of wind rose
s-mobile: A phenomenon where a Proto-Indo-European root begins with an *s- which is sometimes but not always present in the daughter languages.
Venerian: Venusian
Doberman: Nonstandard spelling of Dobermann.
lanichol: Lanolin.
xylonite: Celluloid.
ferrinol: A therapeutic preparation of iron and nuclein (a phosphorized protein) historically used in the treatment of anemia.
histosol: A soil comprised primarily of organic materials.
Cererian: An inhabitant of the asteroid Ceres
terpinol: Alternative form of terpineol
catazine: A type of catalogue with a magazine-like style.
dipsosis: Any condition characterized by excessive thirst
gallogen: ellagic acid
mercauro: A mixture of the bromides of mercury, gold and arsenic used to treat syphilis
tannosal: A mixture of creosote and tannin once used to treat tuberculosis
hydatoid: aqueous humour
bolthead: A round-bottomed flask with a long neck (used especially for distillation)
bolthead: The head of a bolt.
nidation: The implantation of the early embryo in the uterus
teratism: Any severe congenital malformation
telegony: The belief that, in the case of siblings from the same mother but different fathers, the second sibling could inherit characteristics from the father of the first.
attestor: One who attests.
bromalin: bromoformin
bromelin: Alternative form of bromelein
bromelin: Alternative form of bromalin
grattage: The scraping away of granulations (from an ulcer etc.) in order to stimulate healing.
grattage: A technique popularized by Max Ernst involving scraping at dried paint in order to form patterns.
scalenus: Alternative form of scalene muscle.
wool-fat: Alternative spelling of wool fat
valerene: A mixture of monoterpenes obtained from the essential oil or valerian
volvulus: Obstruction of the bowel in which a loop of bowel has abnormally twisted on itself.
xeroform: A wound dressing consisting of a gauze soaked in a mixture of bismuth tribromophenate and petroleum jelly.
newsbook: An early form of newspaper published in a folio format.
vomitory: The entrance into a theater or other large public venue, where masses of people are disgorged into the stands; a vomitorium
vomitory: A substance that induces vomiting; an emetic
throw-up: Alternative spelling of throw up (“vomit”)
throw-up: A kind of simple graffiti; a throwie.
theriaca: Alternative form of theriac.
alastrim: A milder variant of smallpox
newgrass: A progressive subgenre of bluegrass music, typically incorporating electric instruments, non-traditional chord progressions, and lengthy improvisation.
slowcore: A subgenre of indie and alternative rock music, characterized by downbeat melodies, slower tempos and minimalist arrangements.
valylene: The organic compound 2-methylbut-1-en-3-yne HC≡C-C(CH₃)=CH₂
farspeak: The use of magic or telepathy to communicate over long distances.
lactosyl: The univalent radical derived from the hemiacetal form of lactose
acrosome: A structure forming the end of the head of a spermatozoon
daphnane: Any of a family of diterpenes, isolated from Daphne genkwa, some of which induce apoptosis.
senatrix: A female senator (a female member of a senate)
senatrix: Traditionally used as a term of address for a female senator in parliamentary proceedings in some Senates like those of the United States, Canada and France .
senatrix: The wife of a senator.
orchitis: A painful inflammation of one or both testes.
bitt-pin: A device like a belaying pin but of heavier scantlings; a turned length of wood or metal passed through the bitts or cross-piece, used to prevent the cable from slipping off or over the bitt-heads yet removable so as to facilitate doing so.
achromia: Absence of pigmentation, especially in the skin or blood
Cæsarism: obsolete typography of Caesarism
newspeak: Use of ambiguous, misleading, or euphemistic words in order to deceive the listener, especially by politicians and officials.
verticil: A whorl, a group of similar parts such as leaves radiating from a shared axis
vomitive: Something that induces vomiting
wood-oil: Alternative form of wood oil
dominand: A person or thing to be dominated.
totemism: The belief that a person or group has a special mystical relationship to a totem
vitalist: Someone who believes in vitalism, the doctrine that life cannot be entirely reduced to physical and chemical factors.
viridine: jervine
voltaism: galvanism
lambkill: Kalmia angustifolia, a toxic plant with small, deep pink flowers.
rakuware: A form of Japanese pottery traditionally used in the tea ceremony, characterized by hand-moulding of the clay (as opposed to turning it on a potter's wheel), low firing temperatures, and the removal of pieces from the kiln while still glowing hot.
fleshfly: Alternative spelling of flesh fly
wood oil: An oil extracted from the gurjun tree.
wood oil: Any sort of oil made from wood.
lessener: One who, or that which, lessens.
diestrum: The interval between two periods of estrus
dialyzer: The part of a hemodialysis machine that performs filtration by unequal diffusion through membranes
informor: Rare spelling of informer.
wardship: The state of being a ward of someone.
wardship: In English feudal law, the guardianship which the lord had of the land of his vassal while the latter was an infant or minor.
agraphia: A loss of the ability to write (usually resulting from a brain injury).
agraphia: The inability to write.
fee tail: An estate in land in common law wherein the land is inherited, but cannot be sold, devised by will, or otherwise alienated by the owner, but which passes by operation of law to the owner's heirs upon his death.
substudy: A subset of a study
substudy: A subordinate study
ribotype: The RNA complement of a biological entity
workcamp: A camp in which volunteers visit another region and work on a project to benefit the region or its inhabitants.
workcamp: Any camp built for workers, such as when constructing something in a wilderness area.
ramipril: A drug commonly used to treat hypertension.
dog hook: A tool used to manipulate logs; a peavy.
eyeshine: A visible effect of the tapetum lucidum, causing the pupil to appear to glow when a light is shone into the eye.
fillrate: A performance metric measuring the number of units fulfilled as a percentage of the total ordered.
fillrate: A measurement of the number of pixels a video card can render in a certain time period.
dye pack: A hidden explosive device with a mass of distinctive paint, intended to stain stolen goods like paper money to make them too distinctive to use without being identified.
trialist: An advocate of trialism, especially with reference to the proposed creation of a state comprising Austria, Hungary, and a Slavic region.
trialist: A person who takes part in a clinical trial, especially as a researcher.
trialist: A person who tries a product for the first time (as opposed to a regular purchaser); a person who participates in the trial of a new product.
trialist: An athlete who participates in a trial (competition to select players for a team); a person who enters a dog (especially a sheepdog) in a competition.
trialist: A person standing trial in a court of law, especially one of a group of defendants in a high-profile case.
helicate: Any of various polymeric compounds that have a helical structure
starport: A port for interstellar craft.
eisosome: An assembly of protein in a plasma membrane at which endocytosis occurs
treelogy: A trilogy with tangible tree-related themes.
scripsit: An inscription indicating the identity of the person who wrote something.
tenicide: Alternative spelling of taenicide
teutlose: A sugar (of unknown composition) extracted from beetroot
terebene: Any of various preparations, composed mainly of terpenes, obtained from camphor or turpentine by several chemical methods, used as an expectorant and antiseptic
appestat: The area of the brain (possibly in the hypothalamus) supposed to control appetite and regulate food intake
tannigen: An acetyl derivative of tannic acid once used as an astringent.
amygdule: A rounded mass of secondary mineral found in volcanic rock.
tetracid: a tetracarboxylic acid
thalline: Any of several derivatives of quinoline used as antipyretics.
boatbill: A form of heron, Cochlearius cochlearius, native to Central and South America
boatbill: Either of two species of passerine birds in the genus Machaerirhynchus
bellwort: Any of several perennial plants, of the genus Uvularia, that have yellow, bell-shaped flowers.
bellwort: Any of various plants in the Campanulaceae family.
babbelas: Alternative spelling of babalaas
cootling: A young coot
digenean: Any trematode fluke of the subclass Digenea.
enanthem: A lesion of the mucous membrane (especially of the mouth)
hat-rack: Alternative spelling of hat rack
eventive: A word or construct that denotes an event.
fallfish: A small silvery freshwater fish (Semotilus corporalis) found in North America.
hat tree: A hat rack; hatstand.
hat rack: A piece of furniture used to store hats and clothing, consisting of a pole with pegs on a moderately broad base; a hatstand.
cableway: A system of suspended cables from which cable cars are hung.
haplosis: The halving of the number of chromosomes during meiosis, resulting in the haploid number
fluellen: Any plant of the genus Kickxia, having purple and yellow flowers.
linkwork: A fabric made from linked pieces of metal.
linkwork: A mechanism of linked components.
keftedes: A Greek dish of meatballs, similar to koftas
hotchpot: Alternative form of hotchpotch
hotchpot: The blending together of property so as to achieve equal division, mainly in the case of inheritance.
pandowdy: A pudding of spiced, sliced apples (or other fruit), sugar and butter, baked with a crumble topping in a deep dish.
nebulium: A supposed chemical element proposed as a result of spectral analysis of light from a nebula; the emission lines concerned are now known to be due to doubly-ionized oxygen.
osteitis: inflammation of bone
rejector: Alternative form of rejecter
sandiver: A scum that forms on molten glass.
dyslalia: difficulty in talking due to a structural abnormality
sheetlet: A small sheet of postage stamps sold as a unit.
stilting: Stilted language or movement.
stilting: A structure made of stilts.
mounture: The angle at which a gun is raised for firing.
mounture: The angle of ascension.
mounture: The part of a loom that holds the harnesses.
mounture: A part on any mechanical device that is used for mounting other parts.
mounture: The act or process of mounting.
mounture: A horse or other animal used for riding; a mount.
subentry: A subordinate entry.
sternite: The ventral plate of each segment of an arthropod.
stillage: The residue from the manufacture of alcohol from grain; typically used in animal feed
stillage: A rack or pallet used to hold goods (originally casks) off the floor
smokebox: A chamber in which smoke passes from a boiler before being vented through a chimney.
platysma: A broad sheet of muscle that is situated on each side of the neck immediately under the superficial fascia belonging to the group of facial muscles, extends from the collar bone to the angle of the jaw and overlaps the sternocleidomastoid; it is innervated by the facial nerve, draws the lower lip and the corner of the mouth to the side and down, and when moved forcefully expands the neck and draws its skin upward.
requirer: A person who requires.
trialler: A horse or a dog used for trialling.
diestock: A component that holds a die that cuts screw threads.
vertisol: A clay soil, containing a high content of montmorillonite, that forms deep cracks in drier conditions.
petrosal: The petrous part of the temporal bone at the base of the skull, surrounding the inner ear.
petrosal: The auditory capsule.
photinia: Any member of the genus Photinia of small trees and large shrubs in the family Rosaceae.
periapse: A periapsis.
bioplast: a mass or cell of bioplasm that is a unit of living matter; an independently existing mass of living matter
birdwing: Any of various large papilionid butterflies of the genera Troides and Ornithoptera.
bioplasm: Any living matter, but especially germinal or forming matter; matter possessing reproductive vitality; protoplasm, especially in its relation to living processes and development.
provisor: A deputy of a Roman Catholic bishop.
provisor: The holder of a papal provision.
provisor: One who provides; a purveyor.
reframer: One who reframes.
dragonne: A sword knot.
purpurin: A red anthraquinone dye, extracted from madder, that is used as a biological stain
purpurin: A protein of the lipocalin family
purpurin: A brownish or deep red decorative glass used in ancient times
stopbank: levee, dyke
thyroxin: Alternative spelling of thyroxine
toluidin: Alternative spelling of toluidine
shittest: Alternative form of shit test
subtense: A line which subtends, especially the chord of an arc.
subtense: The angle subtended by a line at a point.
kemenche: Alternative spelling of kamancheh
kemancha: Alternative spelling of kamancheh
coal-tar: Alternative spelling of coal tar
fishhead: The head of a fish.
fishhead: A member of a navy; a sailor; a fisherman.
fishhead: A person from Southeast Asia.
druidess: A female druid.
rebuffer: One who, or that which, rebuffs.
millrind: An iron support, usually four-armed or cross-shaped, for the turning ("runner") stone in a pair of millstones.
millrind: A heraldic charge resembling a stylized millstone support of this kind.
allosaur: Any of several huge carnivorous dinosaurs, of the superfamily Allosauroidea, from the late Jurassic and early Cretaceous periods
layshaft: A subsidiary transmission shaft.
spodosol: A type of soil that has a spodic horizon; includes most podsols.
plugback: A large plug, usually of cement, used to shut off an oil well.
printery: A printworks.
rootball: The mass of roots and associated soil that comes up with a plant lifted from the soil or from a container.
datepalm: Alternative spelling of date palm
playsuit: A one-piece stretch garment worn by very young children.
playsuit: A one-piece item of clothing for women.
playsuit: A one-piece undergarment for women.
fret saw: Alternative spelling of fretsaw
deplorer: One who deplores.
batteree: One who is battered (beaten by spouse etc.).
cutinase: cutin hydrolase, an enzyme that hydrolyzes cutin
crookery: The activities of crooks; crime.
upzoning: A rezoning for more intensive use.
crankpin: The pin that attaches a connecting rod to a crank
Eurobond: An international bond denominated in a currency not native to the country where it is issued.
Eurobond: Proposed government bonds to be issued in Euros jointly by the Eurozone states.
frigorie: A unit of rate of extraction of heat, used in refrigeration, equal to one calorie per hour.
knee-cap: Alternative spelling of kneecap
agrypnia: Persistent loss of sleep; insomnia; sleeplessness.
bum calf: A young heifer or bull which has been orphaned or abandoned; it must be adopted by another cow, steal milk, or be bottle-fed in order to survive, and is therefore often a runt.
combfish: A comb wrasse, an Australasian wrasse (Coris picta), having a comb-like stripe.
southing: A distance traveled southward.
southing: The time when the moon souths.
crowbait: An old, emaciated horse.
charlock: Any of several yellow-flowered cruciferous weeds of grain fields, especially wild mustard (Sinapis arvensis).
rollmops: Alternative form of rollmop
muleback: The back of a mule.
scriggle: A wriggling motion.
bayanist: A person who plays the bayan.
springle: a trap to catch animals, using a spring mechanism.
billfish: Any of several fish, of the families Istiophoridae and Xiphiidae, that have an elongated jaw.
billfish: Other fish with elongated jaws:
billfish: gars (Lepisosteidae)
billfish: Other fish with elongated jaws:
billfish: saury (Scomberesocidae)
billfish: Other fish with elongated jaws:
billfish: silver gar (Strongylura maritima, Belonidae)
billfish: Other fish with elongated jaws:
billfish: northern pipefish (Syngnathus fuscus, Syngnathidae)
tinctura: tincture
videndum: That which is to be seen.
moonburn: A hypothetical burn on the skin caused by excess exposure to moonlight.
Socinian: A member of a particular nontrinitarian Christian denomination founded in the late 16th century.
custumal: A survey of a medieval English manor, listing each tenant and the customs under which the tenancy was held.
downhaul: Any rope used to haul down a sail or spar.
aptychus: A hard calcareous plate forming part of the body of an ammonite.
blow-off: Alternative spelling of blowoff
modiolus: The central core of the cochlea
modiolus: A chiasma of facial muscles held together by fibrous tissue
unnature: That which is contrary to nature; the unnatural.
Sargonid: A member of the ancient civilisation ruled by Sargon of Akkad.
bevatron: A particle accelerator of the 1950s, capable of imparting energies of billions of electron volts.
enginery: Machinery made up of engines; instruments of war.
enginery: The act or art of managing engines, or artillery.
enginery: Any device or contrivance; machinery; structure or arrangement.
sheltron: A compact body of troops forming a battle array or phalanx, especially such a body of Scottish troops armed with pikes during the Wars of Scottish Independence in the late 13th and early 14th centuries.
tenendas: Synonym of tenendum
tenendum: The clause in a deed wherein the tenure of the land is defined and limited.
furosine: A compound formed by the hydrolysis of Amadori compounds in food; its level in processed foods is a measure of heat treatment
panmixis: Panmixia.
broadaxe: A large axe, with a broad blade, once used as a weapon and also used for hewing timber.
bastille: Chiefly in French contexts: a bastion (“projecting part of a rampart or other fortification”) or tower of a castle; also, a fortified tower or other building; or a small citadel or fortress.
bastille: A jail or prison, especially one regarded as mistreating its prisoners.
bastille: Synonym of workhouse (“an institution for homeless poor people funded by the local parish, where the able-bodied were required to work”)
bastille: The fortified encampment of an army besieging a place; also, any of the buildings in such an encampment.
amplexus: A form of pseudocopulation, found chiefly in amphibians and horseshoe crabs, in which a male grasps a female with his front legs as part of the mating process.
ignitron: A form of rectifier having a pool of mercury as cathode.
tideline: A line of floating debris, seaweed etc. that marks the boundary between two surface currents.
sundrops: evening primrose
pronator: Any muscle that produces pronation
ironbark: Any of several unrelated eucalypts that have dark, deeply furrowed bark.
ironbark: The hard wood of these trees, as used in building and construction.
conguero: A musician who plays the conga drum.
womanism: An extension to feminism that incorporates respect for women of all races and classes.
unmasker: One who unmasks.
mopiness: The quality of being mopey.
nonspace: That which is not a social or physical space, or lacks the traditional attributes of spaces.
nonspace: A text character that is not a space (or not whitespace).
sirohaem: Alternative spelling of siroheme
siroheme: A heme-like prosthetic group used by some enzymes to accomplish the six-electron reduction of sulfur and nitrogen.
shit ass: A jerk; a mean, contemptible or obnoxious person.
osnaburg: A plain, coarse textile fabric made from flax, tow or jute yarns.
femspeak: The characteristic jargon of feminists and feminist discourse.
turmerol: A monocyclic sesquiterpene alcohol extracted from turmeric
sangaree: A mixed drink common in the West Indies, similar to sangria and usually featuring wine or fortified wine and spices.
end-game: Alternative spelling of endgame
end game: Alternative spelling of endgame
infobahn: Alternative letter-case form of Infobahn
bontebok: A South African antelope of genus Damaliscus
microjet: A microscopic jet (of fluid)
canticum: A canticle.
canticum: A part song in an ancient play.
backwind: The flow of air so deflected
shrinker: Something that makes something else shrink.
shrinker: A psychiatrist; a head-shrinker.
shrinker: A sock-like article used to compress a stump remaining after amputation.
shrinker: One who shrinks or recoils.
shrinker: Something that itself shrinks.
asymtope: Misspelling of asymptote.
Guidette: Alternative letter-case form of guidette
guidette: Italian-American female; an American female of Italian descent.
upsetter: One who upsets (something); a disrupter.
upsetter: A person or device that turns something upside down.
nutsedge: Any of certain species of invasive perennial sedge, of the genus Cyperus, that have edible, nutlike tubers.
stilbite: A tectosilicate zeolite mineral consisting of hydrated calcium aluminium silicate, common in volcanic rocks.
urapidil: A sympatholytic antihypertensive drug.
regainer: One who regains (especially body weight).
nonabine: A cannabinoid drug with strong antiemetic effects.
ioversol: An organoiodine compound used as a contrast medium.
benmoxin: An irreversible nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor of the hydrazine class, formerly used as an antidepressant.
vorozole: An imidazole-based competitive inhibitor of aromatase.
axiverse: A postulated universe populated by axions having sizes of many different orders of magnitude.
topotype: type locality
topotype: A specimen from the type locality.
bosenova: A very small, supernova-like explosion, which can be induced in a Bose-Einstein condensate by suitably changing its magnetic field.
Pfaffian: The determinant of a skew-symmetric matrix, capable of being written as the square of a polynomial in the matrix entries.
Pfaffian: A member of a circle of artists that met at Pfaff's, a restaurant on Broadway.
e-dating: The Internet equivalent of a date; the process of getting to know someone, with a view to romance, via instant messages or other computerized communication.
sea slug: A common name for any marine invertebrate with a visual resemblance to terrestrial slugs (land slugs).
sea slug: Any soft-bodied marine gastropod mollusks of the order Nudibranchia.
bitboard: A specialized data structure, a bitset with each bit representing a game position or state, commonly used in computer systems that play board games.
deckhead: The underside of a deck (equivalent to a ceiling).
chaology: The study of chaos and chaotic systems
downwarp: A segment of the crust of the Earth that bends downward
bummaree: A porter or dealer of fish at Billingsgate Fish Market in London.
bummaree: A person fulfilling a similar function at the Smithfield Meat Market in London.
groupage: The consolidation of several small shipments into a single container
chrystal: Obsolete spelling of crystal
halloing: Alternative form of hallooing
formwork: A temporary mold, made from planks, into which concrete is poured
subgrain: A distinct part of a grain
pfaffian: Alternative letter-case form of Pfaffian
longstop: Alternative spelling of long stop
dealfish: A deep-sea ribbonfish, Trachipterus arcticus, from the north Atlantic
incavity: The state of being bent inwards; concavity.
cystatin: Any of a group of polypeptides that are cysteine protease inhibitors
oximetry: The measurement of the oxygen level in arterial blood
bumfluff: The first, sparse beard growth of an adolescent.
iodophor: A complex of iodine designed to free it in solution
maincrop: The principal vegetable crop of a season (excluding early and late varieties)
minidisc: A disc/disk in MiniDisc format
minidisc: A minidisc player or recorder.
notecase: A wallet or billfold (for holding banknotes).
outworld: A planet that is remote from the homeworld of a civilization.
outworld: Any civilization seen as remote from the speaker's perspective.
pattypan: A pan used for baking patties.
pattypan: A small variety of squash with a scalloped rim and creamy white flesh; a pattypan squash.
overdate: A coin in which one date is superimposed over traces of another (due to reuse of a die)
cyclinac: A particle accelerator in the form of a high-gradient linac driven by a large-current cyclotron
blowdart: A dart fired from a blowpipe or blowgun.
carbomer: An expanded molecule obtained by insertion of a C₂ (carbon) unit in a given molecule
burgrave: The military governor of a town or castle in the Middle Ages, especially in German-speaking Europe; a nobleman of the same status.
burgrave: One who holds a hereditary title, with an associated domain, descended from an ancestor who commanded a burg, especially in German-speaking Europe.
ass-rape: The act of forcing anal sex upon another person.
overuser: One who overuses.
zinefest: A public event where the publishers of zines can promote and distribute them.
pothouse: Alternative spelling of pot-house
storeman: A warehouseman.
playdown: Any match that is part of a playoff.
posturer: A person who postures.
posturer: An acrobat.
monstera: Any of the plants of the genus Monstera, known for their holey leaves.
barbacan: Archaic spelling of barbican.
lolspeak: The speech of lolcats, consisting of spelling variations of English, imitating the speech of children and some regional accents.
lolspeak: Internet slang, often through initialisms such as those associated with the word lol.
saleroom: A room in which items for sale are displayed; a showroom
saleroom: A room in which items are auctioned
seedcorn: Seed corn.
seedcorn: Financial assets set aside for the generation of future profits.
myxedema: A form of cutaneous and dermal edema that is secondary to increased deposition of connective tissue components in subcutaneous tissue.
regalism: The doctrine of the ecclesiastical supremacy of a sovereign.
weldmesh: A kind of barrier fencing manufactured in square or rectangular mesh from steel wire, welded at each intersection.
scorebox: An enclosed structure in which the scorers sit; often behind the scoreboard
scorebox: A box overlaid on the screen to display the player's score.
scabious: Any of various herbaceous plants of the genus Scabiosa.
scabious: Any of several plants of the genus Knautia.
woodchat: Lanius senator, a medium-sized migratory passerine bird of the shrike family.
satphone: satellite phone
saunders: Alternative form of sanders (“sandalwood”)
tibialis: Either of two muscles that attach to the tibia.
speargun: A tube-shaped gun that fires a barbed spear, almost always for underwater use.
superfly: An ostentatious, self-confident person, especially a black drug dealer.
superfly: A fly (insect) with remarkable properties, such as resistance to insecticide.
suckhole: A whirlpool.
suckhole: A sycophant, gratuitous pleaser.
sunscald: Localized damage to the tissues of trees or their fruits caused by bright sunlight
preferer: Alternative form of preferrer
cinqfoil: Alternative spelling of cinquefoil
surfacer: One who rises to the surface.
surfacer: A person who planes or dresses a surface.
surfacer: Any of various machines used to plane or dress a surface.
cocksman: A man who is sexually talented in using his penis.
remittal: Anything remitted; remittance.
fluxgate: Any of several devices that use soft iron cores surrounded by coils of wire that generate a pattern of induced currents when it moves relative to an external magnetic field.
chivvier: Agent noun of chivvy: one who chivvies; especially a hunter.
remittee: The person to whom a remittance is sent
catchfly: Any of several plants, mostly in tribe Sileneae, that have sticky leaves on which flies become stuck; especially, the silenes or campions.
trunkful: As much as a trunk will hold
ultimacy: The condition of being ultimate
squircle: A closed quartic curve having properties intermediate between those of a square and a circle.
squircle: An object whose shape combines a circle and a square.
turncock: A tap or faucet that regulates the flow of a fluid.
turncock: A person employed to turn on the water for the mains, to regulate the fireplugs, etc. for a water company.
temperer: A person who tempers (in any meaning).
temperer: A device that tempers; an annealer.
temperer: A machine in which lime, cement, stone, etc., are mixed with water.
woodfern: Any of several evergreen ferns, of the family Dryopteridaceae, especially genus Dryopteris, that have dark green, leathery fronds.
washdown: A particularly thorough washing.
winterer: Any person or animal (but especially a bird) that visits or resides in a specified location during the winter
rakehood: immoral behaviour
dogshank: An inferior variant of the sheepshank knot, which is useful for shortening a rope or taking up slack.
hang-dog: Alternative spelling of hang dog
fusokine: Any of a group of interleukins that stimulate the immune system
ragstone: Stone that is quarried in thin pieces.
gummosis: The formation of patches of a gummy substance on the surface of certain plants, particularly fruit trees, caused by sap oozing from wounds or cankers.
keyguard: A plate or shield with a set of holes that fits over a keyboard.
keyguard: A feature on a mobile phone, etc. that prevents keys from being pressed by accident.
ecolodge: A building designed to house ecotourists, typically built and supported by local labour and with respect for the environment.
asserter: Alternative form of assertor
turnback: Part of a garment that is turned back.
turnback: The act of turning back a boat containing immigrants.
turnback: The strap from the hames to the hip-strap, on a horse.
turnback: A place, e.g. on a railway, where vehicles can reverse direction, i.e. turn back.
turnback: A cadet at a military academy who fails a class and has to retake it.
bustline: A notional line around a woman's bust.
bustline: The circumference of this line.
altarity: Otherness exalted as if a religious concept.
entameba: Any of many parasitic amoebas, of the genus Entamoeba, that cause dysentery etc.
grandmum: Grandmother.
melanite: A black variety of andradite.
equipper: A person or organization that equips.
demonism: Belief in, or worship of demons or devils.
demonism: The quality of being demonic.
demonism: An act or event attributed to demons or devils; an evil act.
flowerer: Something (originally a plant) that flowers (often in a specified manner, or at a specified time)
sneakbox: A small boat that can be sailed, rowed, poled or sculled, predominantly associated with Barnegat Bay in New Jersey.
fleawort: Any of various not closely related plants that are supposed to kill or ward off fleas.
fleawort: Any of various not closely related plants that are supposed to kill or ward off fleas.
fleawort: lady's bedstraw (Galium verum).
fleawort: A herb, Plantago psyllium, whose seeds are supposed to resemble fleas.
grassbox: The receptacle on a lawn mower that holds the cut grass.
syntropy: The coalescence of two diseases into one
syntropy: A wholesome association with others
syntropy: A formation of a series of similar parts having the same orientation (such as the ribs)
handpump: A pump that is operated manually
argutite: A germanium dioxide mineral.
finalism: teleology
soapwort: Any perennial herb of the genus Saponaria.
artmaker: One who produces art; an artist.
bromlite: The mineral alstonite.
artinite: A hydrated magnesium carbonate mineral that forms white silky monoclinic prismatic crystals.
aikinite: A sulfide mineral of lead, copper and bismuth.
anandite: A usually monoclinic mineral of the mica group.
arcanite: Potassium sulfate.
outcurve: A ball, thrown by the pitcher, that curves away from the batter.
kinkster: One who enjoys kinky erotic activities.
motivity: The power or ability to move
misfield: A failure to field the ball properly.
papalist: A supporter of papal authority; (Middle Ages) a hierocrat.
papalist: A papist (Roman Catholic).
lodicule: A small scale at the base of the ovary of a flower of a grass
releasor: A person who releases (surrenders) a claim on an estate.
deleatur: dele (“mark signifying deletion”)
attomole: 10⁻¹⁸ of a mole
reserver: A person who reserves something
econiche: An ecological niche
bookrest: A support used to maintain a book or sheet when reading.
rarowcun: Obsolete spelling of raccoon
clerkess: A female clerk.
saxefras: Obsolete spelling of sassafras
iceblink: A glare in the sky caused by reflection of light from an ice field.
instancy: insistence, insistency
instancy: immediacy, instantaneousness
guaiacum: Any of a number of species of tree of the genus Guaiacum, native to the West Indies and parts of the Americas.
guaiacum: The wood of such trees
guaiacum: The resin of such tree.
oilpaper: A translucent, waterproof paper made by soaking in oil.
iceblock: A block of ice.
iceblock: An ice lolly.
showband: A band that plays cover versions of popular songs.
truckage: the carrying of goods by truck
truckage: a charge for this
truckage: exchange; bartering; truck
trapball: A game in which a batsman makes a ball hit a trap (device) that sends the ball into the air, where the batsman has to hit it again.
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus bicolor (mottled soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus bistrispinus (freckled soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus bornoi (largespotted soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus carpenteri (slope soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus courtenayi (Socorran soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus maculatus (whitespotted soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus nigripinnis (blackfin soapfish, twice-spotted soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus randalli (plain soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus saponaceus (greater soapfish, three-spined soapfish, soapy jack)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Rypticus spp.
soapfish: Rypticus subbifrenatus (spotted soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Grammistes sexlineatus (golden stripe soapfish, goldenstriped soapfish, six-lined soapfish, skunkfish
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Aulacocephalus temminckii (goldribbon soapfish, goldstripe grouper)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Pogonoperca ocellata (Indian soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Pogonoperca punctata (leaflip soapfish, spotted soapfish, snowflake soapfish, leaflip grouper)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Diploprion bifasciatum (barred soapfish, two-banded soapfish)
soapfish: Any of a number of serranid fish that can secrete a toxic soaplike mucus
soapfish: Diploprion drachi (yellowfin soapfish)
soapfish: A species of lizardfish (Synodus foetens)
rigorism: strictness (in interpreting or enforcing a rule)
rigorism: In Roman Catholic moral theology, the doctrine that in a case of doubt between right and wrong one should take the safer course, i.e. the one in verbal accordance with the law.
washland: Any land that is flooded by a river from time to time.
shapelet: A stylized shape used in pattern recognition systems to correspond to a real object
subpulse: A subsidiary pulse
subpulse: The lesser of the two regular pulses emitted by a pulsar
millhand: A worker in a mill.
tiarella: Any of several woodland plants of the genus Tiarella, the foamflowers.
phacelia: Any of many annual or perennial herbaceous plants, of the genus Phacelia, native to the Americas.
pushdown: A pushdown automaton.
requeste: Obsolete spelling of request
tutorage: The office of a tutor
tutorage: The term of this office
mixotope: A mixture of very many peptides having closely-related sequences, designed as a synthetic vaccine in cases of hypervariability
familism: The beliefs or practice of the Family of Love religious sect, active in sixteenth century England.
familism: A form of social structure in which the needs of the family as a group are more important than the needs of any individual family member.
urceolus: Any urn-shaped organ of a plant.
sebocyte: Any of the cells that make up the sebaceous glands, and secrete sebum.
survivin: A protein that inhibits caspase activity
triatome: Any insect of the genus Triatoma, many of which are vectors for trypanosomes
zymodeme: A group of parasites with the same isoenzymes
terabuck: One trillion (10¹²) dollars.
sparsing: The act or process of making something sparse
sparsing: The reduction to zero of elements of a matrix
pi-minus: The negative pion, composed of a down quark and an anti-up quark.
subquark: Any of several hypothetical particles construed as subcomponents of quarks (and leptons).
pi meson: A pion, a type of meson
propafol: A short-acting, intravenously administered hypnotic agent, 2,6-diisopropylphenol
popstrel: A female pop singer
sailyard: A yard (spar or shaft) to which the sails of a ship are bent (tied or fastened to).
sailyard: One of the structural arms of a windmill to which the vanes or sails are attached.
sailyard: An antenna of an insect.
kenjutsu: Japanese swordsmanship
wash-out: Alternative form of washout
herycano: Obsolete spelling of hurricane
mallomar: A dark chocolate-coated marshmallow and graham cracker treat.
garabato: Uncaria guianensis, a plant found in Guyana.
cryovial: Any vial designed to store materials at very low temperatures
pilocyte: Any cell with prominent external hair-like structures.
midpiece: The part of a spermatozoon between the head and the tail; it consists of mitochondria, centrioles, and an axoneme.
mezereon: An ornamental shrub, Daphne mezereum, having purple flowers and bright red fruit.
mezereon: The dried bark of this plant, once used as a vesicant.
piperine: The alkaloid responsible for the pungency of black pepper.
polyplex: Any complex of a polymer and DNA, especially one designed to protect the DNA when being injected into a cell as part of gene therapy
only son: A sole male child among multiple siblings.
only son: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see only, son.
emanator: A person who, or thing that, emanates
graphone: A partially hydrogenated form of graphene that is ferromagnetic.
graphone: A combination of grapheme and phoneme.
hoteling: Alternative spelling of hotelling
aracytin: cytarabine
mezerein: A protein kinase C-activating compound encoded by the gene IFIH1.
nonapple: That which is not an apple.
tuckahoe: Any edible root of a plant used by Native Americans of colonial-era Virginia.
tuckahoe: Any edible root of a plant used by Native Americans of colonial-era Virginia.
tuckahoe: The wild potato, the arrow arum, Peltandra virginica.
tuckahoe: A person, especially if poor and malnourished (or if implied to be), living east of Virginia's Blue Ridge Mountains.
tuckahoe: The sclerotium of the wood-decay fungus Wolfiporia extensa, used by Native Americans and the Chinese as food and as a herbal medicine.
biopower: The sum of the various techniques used by modern nation-states to control not individual subjects but their entire populations, as contrasted with traditional modes of power based on the threat of death from a sovereign.
biopower: Bioenergy.
echinoid: Any sea urchin or sea dollar of the class Echinoidea.
gapeworm: A parasitic nematode worm (Syngamus trachea), that infects the tracheas of some birds and causes the disease gapes.
septoria: A fungus of the genus Septoria that causes numerous leaf spot diseases on crops.
nichrome: Alternative letter-case form of Nichrome
carbamyl: carbamoyl
probucol: A particular antihyperlipidemic drug
calcrete: A sedimentary rock, a hardened deposit of calcium carbonate, capable of cementing together with other materials.
strannik: A religious pilgrim in Russia.
washload: A collection of laundry to be washed.
narceine: An alkaloid contained in opium, occurring as fine white, silky crystals, slightly soluble in water, used as a substitute for morphine.
caninity: The state of being canine.
caninity: The quality or feature characteristic of a dog.
medecine: Misspelling of medicine.
repacker: One who, or that which, repacks.
podocarp: Any of several coniferous trees, of the genus Podocarpus, from the southern hemisphere.
quiescin: Any of a family of proteins isolated from quiescent lung fibroblasts.
edratide: A synthetic peptide that is used to treat cases of lupus.
visnadin: A natural vasodilator, first isolated from bishop's weed (Visnaga daucoides, syn. Ammi visnaga).
valofane: A sedative prodrug structurally related to the barbiturates.
tiamulin: A pleuromutilin antibiotic drug used in veterinary medicine.
xenbucin: A particular analgesic drug.
viquidil: An isomer of quinidine used to treat cerebrovascular disorders.
zipeprol: A centrally-acting cough suppressant which acts as a local anaesthetic and may also have mucolytic, antihistamine-like and anticholinergic properties.
drawcord: drawstring
zinterol: A particular beta-adrenergic agonist.
excluder: Someone or something that excludes.
nihility: The state or fact of being nothing; nothingness, nullity; nonexistence.
nihility: A nonexistent thing; nothing.
apocynin: A derivative of acetophenone that occurs in many plants; it has some potential medicinal properties
cachucha: A dance, in triple time and related to the flamenco and fandango, from Andalusia
cachucha: A kind of sweet pepper grown in the Caribbean.
big-tent: Alternative spelling of big tent
brigalow: Any of various Australian acacia trees, especially Acacia harpophylla of New South Wales and Queensland.
landrail: The corncrake, Crex crex.
hypermap: A georeferenced multimedia map.
discitis: An infection in the intervertebral disc space.
wormcast: A small pile of sand or soil, the end product of the breakdown of organic matter by an earthworm.
appearer: Someone who or something which appears.
appearer: Someone who or something which appears.
appearer: One who makes an appearance in court.
longwool: A domestic sheep having long wool.
wanderoo: Any of various langur monkeys (of genus Semnopithecus), from Sri Lanka
wanderoo: The lion-tailed macaque (Macaca silenus)
serotine: Any of several small bats of the genus Eptesicus
evulsion: The action of forcibly pulling something out.
dolosity: Deceitfulness, hidden malice.
chulengo: A young guanaco.
spirting: Alternative form of spurting
lopezite: A rare red triclinic chromate mineral.
snowpark: Alternative spelling of snow park
prolifer: Alternative spelling of pro-lifer
harakeke: New Zealand flax, Phormium tenax
down-low: Alternative spelling of down low
proabort: Alternative spelling of pro-abort
donative: A gift; a largess; a gratuity.
donative: A benefice conferred on a person by the founder or patron, without either presentation or institution by the ordinary, or induction by his orders.
aquapark: A water park.
gospeler: A person who preaches from the Gospels
gospeler: A singer of gospel music
gospeler: A Protestant or evangelical Christian.
sandfish: Any of genus Gonorynchus (also called beaked sandfishes), long, thin ray-finned fishes (family Gonorychidae)
sandfish: Any of several marine fishes that burrow into sandy seabeds
sandfish: in Trichodontidae, a family of perch-like fish
sandfish: Any of several marine fishes that burrow into sandy seabeds
sandfish: of species Awaous tajasica, usually sand fish, a species of goby fish (family Gobiidae)
sandfish: Any of several marine fishes that burrow into sandy seabeds
sandfish: of species Malacanthus plumieri (sand tilefish, family Malacanthidae)
sandfish: Any of several marine fishes that burrow into sandy seabeds
sandfish: of species Diplectrum formosum (sand perch, family Serranidae)
sandfish: Other animals that notably burrow in sand:
sandfish: sandfish skink (Scincus scincus), a land-dwelling lizard that swims in sand
sandfish: Other animals that notably burrow in sand:
sandfish: a sea cucumber of species Holothuria scabra or Thelenota ananas.
pentaxin: Alternative form of pentraxin
origanum: Any herbaceous plant of the genus Origanum
maniness: Alternative spelling of manyness
fiveness: The property of being five in number.
nineness: The property of being nine in number.
zeroness: The property of being zero.
hand saw: Alternative form of handsaw
tonkatsu: A popular Japanese dish consisting of a breaded, deep-fried pork cutlet served in bite-sized pieces and often accompanied by shredded cabbage and miso soup.
attriter: One who, or that which, attrites.
attriter: One who has lost certain abilities in a language by learning and using a different language.
fourness: The property of being four in number.
wingmate: Synonym of wingman
hot shit: An exceptionally impressive person or thing
bioclast: A fossil fragment used to date a rock stratum.
poorwill: nightjar (bird)
drumfire: Heavy, continuous, rapid gunfire.
spekboom: A South African shrub (Portulacaria afra), whose succulent leaves are used as fodder.
tile saw: A power saw designed to cut ceramic tiles.
dominium: The ownership of a thing.
dominium: The highest category in the classification of organisms, ranking above regnum.
dominium: Political unit
prizeman: The (male) winner of a prize
QSL card: A postcard confirming a successful reception of a radio signal on amateur radio, usually sent via the QSL bureau.
waybread: The Eurasian plantain (Plantago major).
bump key: A lockpicking tool in the form of a key of the type generally used to open a lock, on which all pins have been cut down to the lowest position, so that striking this key sharply with a hammer while applying turning force at just the right instant after the impact will 'bump' open a lock.
prorenin: A precursor of renin
lockpick: Alternative spelling of lock pick
abutilon: Any of the various tropical flowering plants of the genus Abutilon, such as the flowering maple, Indian mallow, or Chinese lantern.
choirman: A male chorister (in a church choir)
entellus: A small Asian monkey (Semnopithecus entellus, syn. Presbytis entellus), one of the gray langurs, having bristly hairs on the crown and the sides of the face.
hankerer: A person who hankers
overboot: A heavy-duty overshoe; a boot that is an overshoe.
gloxinia: Any of the three species of South American plants of the genera Gloxinia in family Gesneriaceae.
gloxinia: Brazilian gloxinia (Sinningia speciosa), a plant species formerly classified in the genus Gloxinia, in the family Gesneriaceae.
gloxinia: Creeping gloxinia (Lophospermum erubescens), in the family Plantaginaceae.
gloxinia: Hardy gloxinia (Incarvillea delavayi), in the family Bignoniaceae.
suncream: A cream that contains sunscreen.
colcemid: A derivative of colchicine that is used in genetic research
skilfish: A fish, of the genus Erilepis, found on deep rocky bottoms in the North Pacific.
sparable: A small headless nail used in making shoes (especially the heels).
keratose: A tough, horny animal substance found in the skeletons of sponges and other invertebrates.
milk tea: A beverage containing a combination of milk and tea.
milk tea: Bubble tea.
myristyl: The univalent radical CH₃(CH₂)₁₃- derived from myristyl alcohol
rehoboam: Alternative letter-case form of Rehoboam
odd duck: An unusual person, especially an individual with an idiosyncratic personality or peculiar behavioral characteristics.
hexality: A sixfold symmetry attributed to protons in some versions of supersymmetry.
puggaree: Alternative form of puggree
whiptail: Any of many New World lizards, of the family Teiidae, that have long, slender tails.
whiptail: A fish, blue grenadier (Macruronus novaezelandiae).
whiptail: A leaf-distorting disorder in the cauliflower, caused by molybdenum deficiency.
whiptail: A pretty-faced wallaby (Macropus parryi).
whiptail: A catfish of species Dasyloricaria filamentosa.
choregus: The leader of a chorus in Ancient Greece
choregus: The leader of a group (especially of performers)
animatic: An animated storyboard used as a rough preview of a film or advertisement.
musterer: A person who musters (rounds up) livestock.
daytimer: An AM radio station that is only allowed to broadcast during the daytime
mutchkin: A unit of fluid capacity approximately equal to three-quarters of an imperial pint (0.43 litres)
pallidum: The globus pallidus.
woodwasp: Any of various not closely related insects of the suborder Symphyta (the sawflies, not true wasps), whose larvae are found in wood.
pahoihoi: Alternative form of pahoehoe
pupilage: The condition of being a pupil.
pupilage: The period during which one is a pupil.
tolkusha: A traditional Kamchatkan and Chukchi food made of dried fish meat or roe mixed with fat and berries and extended with edible plant bulbs or stems, ground and pounded together for a long time to yield a white paste.
earmould: Alternative spelling of earmold
telecoil: A coil of wire included within hearing aids and cochlear implants that responds to electromagnetic signals usually generated by an induction loop.
s'ghetti: Alternative form of sketti
pillaloo: A chorus of sorrow or distress
slideway: Any form of track along which things can slide.
nasology: The scientific study of the nose
holdback: restraint (act or result of holding back, device that restrains)
holdback: The projection or loop, on the thill of a vehicle, to which a strap of the harness is attached, to hold back a carriage when going downhill, or in backing.
holdback: The strap or part of the harness so used.
tokonoma: A recess in a domestic interior in which a hanging scroll and a flower arrangement is displayed
bication: dication
phenoxyl: The univalent radical C₆H₅-O- derived from phenol
nerdhood: The state or period of being a nerd.
softcopy: Alternative form of soft copy
merchild: The young of either sex of a legendary creature, human from the waist up, fishlike from the waist down.
Woolfian: Scholar or enthusiastic reader of Virginia Woolf’s writings.
firestop: A fire block.
firestop: Any multi-component system designed to stop fire and smoke from migrating through openings around piping, wiring, ductwork, cable trays, bus ducts, etc., as well as through movement joints in walls and floors that are required to have a fire-resistance rating.
Manchego: A firm, compact cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain, aged for between 60 days and two years and made from the milk of Manchega sheep.
Manchego: A North American, industrialized cheese made from cow's milk that melts and is similar in taste to Monterey Jack common in Mexico and Spanish-speaking regions in the US.
rosaline: A type of needlepoint.
rosaline: Thulite.
bioswale: A type of biofilter designed to remove silt and pollution from surface runoff, consisting of a swaled drainage course with gently sloped sides and filled with vegetation, compost and/or riprap.
chaprasi: An official of some kind, especially an important attendant or messenger in the household of an Indian landowner.
bicolour: A flower, cat etc., that has two colours.
bicolour: A flag with such colours, consisting of two stripes that are either vertical or horizontal.
anoxemia: Alternative spelling of anoxaemia
canegrub: A grub that eats the roots of sugar cane.
misclick: A click of a computer mouse that is inaccurate and therefore fails to perform the desired action.
showable: Something that can be shown.
onolatry: Worship of the ass or donkey.
onolatry: Preoccupation with or devotion to something foolish.
cohesure: cohesion
achenium: achene
carveout: The selling of a minority stake in a subsidiary by a parent company; a partial spinoff.
carveout: An exception to a legal provision.
acetamid: Obsolete spelling of acetamide
abruptio: An abrupt pause or stop; an abruption.
growmore: A general-purpose inorganic fertilizer for garden use.
harewood: stained sycamore maple wood, used in cabinet making
aggrecan: A proteoglycan, containing chondroitin sulfate, that is a major component of cartilage
familist: A member of the Family of Love religious group in 16th-century England.
auramine: Any of a family of fluorescent dyes used to stain tissues for fluorescence microscopy
rezident: The head spy in a rezidentura.
colobine: Any Old World monkey of the subfamily Colobinae.
disvalue: harm, demerit
gambusia: Any of several live-bearing freshwater fish, of the genus Gambusia, that feed on the larva of mosquitos and are used to control them.
subjunct: An adverb that expresses a condition
salpicon: A type of stuffing of cooked, diced ingredients with a sauce, used especially for veal
dasyurid: A member of the family Dasyuridae, comprising carnivorous marsupials.
capsizer: One who, or that which, causes a vessel to capsize.
jump cut: A cinematographic edit in which a single continuous sequential shot of a subject is broken into two parts, with a piece of footage being removed in order to render the effect of jumping forward in time.
jump cut: A sudden switch from running forward to running to the side.
conchoid: Any of a family of curves defined as the locus of points p, such that each p is on a line that passes through a given fixed point P and intersects a given curve, C, and the distance from p to the point of intersection with C is a specified constant (note that for nontrivial cases two such points p satisfy the criteria, and the resultant curve has two parts).
conchoid: A conchoidal fracture in rock.
helenium: Any of various flowering plants, of the genus Helenium, the dried leaves of which were once used to make a form of snuff.
eye test: A series of examinations carried out by an optician to assess a patient's vision.
carignan: A grape variety, originally from the Cariñena district of Spain but widely grown in France
carignan: The red wine made from this type of grape
cinsault: A grape variety from the Languedoc-Roussillon region of France
cinsault: The red wine made from this type of grape
octopode: An octopod (creature with eight arms, legs, feet, or tentacles).
blueback: Any of several fish
blueback: A lake trout (Salmo oquassa).
blueback: Any of several fish
blueback: A salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka).
blueback: Any of several fish
blueback: A blueback herring or blueback shad (Alosa aestivalis, syn. Clupea aestivalis) similar to the alewife
blueback: Any of several fish
blueback: The Beardslee trout.
pilewort: Any of various not closely related plants traditionally supposed to be effective in treating piles (hemorrhoids), especially
pilewort: Erechtites hieraciifolius, or fireweed, a plant in the aster family;
pilewort: Any of various not closely related plants traditionally supposed to be effective in treating piles (hemorrhoids), especially
pilewort: Ficaria verna (formerly Ranunculus ficaria), lesser celandine, a plant in the buttercup family.
bluebill: The scaup (of genus Aythya).
bluebill: Any of the genus Spermophaga of estrildid finches found in tropical Africa.
garlicke: Archaic spelling of garlic.
antijoin: A type of join, denoted by ▷, such that R▷S yields only those tuples in R for which S has no corresponding tuple of the same value.
dropside: A side that drops down.
bodyside: The side of the body of a motor car (or other vehicle).
agrotech: agrotechnology
veratrum: Any of various poisonous herbs of the genus Veratrum
darbukah: Alternative spelling of darbuka
minipark: A small public park.
apixaban: An anticoagulant drug for the treatment of venous thromboembolic events.
blackhat: Alternative spelling of black hat
whitehat: Alternative spelling of white hat
e-piracy: The piracy of digital content by electronic means.
old girl: An alumna, especially of a public school.
old girl: Affectionate term of address for a woman.
hydrilla: An aquatic plant, Hydrilla verticillata
parritch: Porridge.
pathname: The full name of a computer file, including the names of any directories or subdirectories in the path needed to access it.
holloing: Alternative form of hallooing
drammach: A simple Scots food made from oatmeal and water.
birdshop: A shop that sells live birds.
prismoid: A prismatoid that has planar sides, and the same number of vertices in both of its parallel planes.
prismoid: An antiprism.
toucanet: Any of several small toucans, of the genera Aulacorhynchus and Selenidera.
highveld: Alternative letter-case form of Highveld
kneehole: A space for the knees (and lower legs), especially under a desk.
basehead: A habitual user of freebase; a crackhead.
povidone: A powdered form of polyvinylpyrrolidone that is used as a dispersing and suspending agent in drugs.
stellium: satellitium
jahiliya: Alternative spelling of jahiliyyah
kalicine: A mineral form of potassium bicarbonate.
toolpath: The path through space that the tip of a cutting tool follows on its way to producing the desired geometry of the workpiece.
carplane: A vehicle that can drive on land like a car or fly like an aeroplane.
teratorn: Any of various large birds of prey, now extinct, living in North and South America, of the family Teratornithidae.
overwear: outer clothing
offsider: A partner, assistant, or deputy.
homothet: homothecy
basanite: A basaltic extrusive rock, similar to chert.
fencerow: The land adjacent to a fence
zoochory: The dispersal of seeds, spores, or fruit by animals.
backveld: Backward and unsophisticated rural areas.
depicter: One who, or that which, depicts (a specified subject).
anabatic: Short for anabatic wind.
peperino: A light, porous volcanic rock composed of small grains of sand etc.
sawbench: Synonym of table saw
rooigras: A perennial grass, Themeda triandra, that has large red-brown spikelets
tarwhine: A yellowish sea bream, Rhabdosargus sarba
shamiana: A large, ornate tent or pavilion; a marquee.
tjuringa: Alternative form of tjurunga
churinga: Alternative form of tjurunga
coolamon: A vessel with curved sides, typically of wood or bark, used by Australian Aboriginals for holding water, collecting berries etc.
ebullism: The formation of bubbles of gas in biological fluids due to reduced environmental pressure.
tjurunga: An object of religious significance among Aboriginal peoples of Central Australia.
stompbox: A simple percussion instrument consisting of a small wooden box placed under the foot, which is tapped or stamped on rhythmically to produce a sound similar to that of a bass drum.
stompbox: A guitar effect unit which can be controlled with the foot
factette: A small snippet of true information. A fact of little importance.
moondial: An instrument for telling time, like a sundial but relying on the light of the Moon.
linemode: A mode of interaction with a remote server where all incoming text characters are printed to the current line, without the possibility of updating the text of previous lines.
volvelle: A type of slide chart, a paper construction with rotating parts, formerly used for organization and calculation in astronomy and other subjects.
forehock: The hock from the foreleg of a pig
old chap: Affectionate term of address for a man.
old chap: The penis.
ferreter: A person who hunts with ferrets.
ferreter: One who uncovers or brings to light; one who ferrets out.
picknick: Archaic form of picnic.
kickshaw: A dainty or delicacy.
kickshaw: A trinket or gewgaw.
hand log: A chip log
labrusca: The fox grape (Vitis labrusca).
reedbuck: Any of several African antelopes of the genus Redunca.
chip log: A simple device for measuring the speed of a vessel, consisting of a wooden board (drag) attached to a line on a reel.
acquiree: Something that is to be acquired, especially a company that is the target of a takeover
downfold: A syncline.
waterski: Alternative spelling of water ski
shitskin: A person with dark-coloured skin.
philabeg: Alternative spelling of philibeg
autofill: Any software feature that fills in (fields of a form, cells of a spreadsheet, etc.) automatically.
exessive: The exessive case, or a word in that case.
trendoid: A person who follows fashion trends blindly.
fraining: a questioning
hairgrip: A flat hairpin having two prongs that hold bobbed hair together.
refiller: One who, or that which, refills.
powerpop: Alternative spelling of power pop
ragequit: The act of quitting an online video game in anger.
bullshot: A cocktail made from vodka and beef bouillon.
bullshot: A phony screenshot created for promotional purposes.
diestrus: Alternative spelling of dioestrus
emersion: Emergence, especially from the water.
emersion: The reappearance of a heavenly body after being eclipsed by another or by the sun's brightness.
tenpenny: A coin worth ten pence.
tenpenny: Ellipsis of tenpenny nail.
ethogram: A catalogue of the typical behaviour patterns of a species.
euonymus: Any of many (often decorative) trees, shrubs and woody vines, of the genus Euonymus.
harborer: US standard spelling of harbourer.
loxodont: A creature with teeth of this kind.
mossycup: The bur oak (Quercus macrocarpa)
monotint: A monochrome print.
rainworm: An earthworm.
antistat: Any antistatic compound.
leaflove: Any of several songbirds of certain genera in family Pycnonotidae, the bulbul family.
soleness: The quality of being sole; unity, singleness.
staffage: The people and animals represented in a landscape painting
tohubohu: Alternative form of tohu-bohu
naricorn: rhinotheca
nankeens: Clothes, especially breeches, made of nankeen.
ringbone: osteoarthritis affecting any of several bones of a horse's foot
washline: washing line, clothesline
antiarin: Either of two cardiac glycoside poisons produced by the upas tree (Antiaris toxicaria).
soutache: A narrow braid often decorated with a herringbone pattern
peabrain: a stupid or clumsy person; a cretin.
peabrain: the brain of such a person.
strickle: A rod used to level off heaped grain etc. when being measured, or concrete after pouring.
strickle: A tool for sharpening scythes, composed typically of a piece of wood smeared with grease and sand.
strickle: A bevel-edged finishing tool used for smoothing the surface of a mold, core, or mold in sand or loam.
strickle: A template; a pattern.
strickle: An instrument used in dressing flax.
batwoman: A female batman (servant)
framboid: A microscopic aggregate or roughly spheroidal cluster of grains
bandfish: Any of many perciform fish of the family Cepolidae
faceache: A miserable-looking person.
faceache: Neuralgia in the nerves of the face.
hornfels: Any of a series of contact metamorphic rocks that have been baked and indurated by the heat of intrusive igneous masses and rendered massive, hard, splintery, and in some cases exceedingly tough and durable.
jerepigo: A sweet fortified wine.
indigoid: Any compound having a structure related to indigotin.
guardant: A guardian.
petiolus: petiole
mesozoan: Any worm-like, marine parasite of the phylum Mesozoa.
inhesion: inherence; act of inhering
umpirage: The office (or term of office) of an umpire
morrocoy: A red-footed tortoise, of the species Chelonoidis carbonaria, from the West Indies.
morrocoy: A yellow-footed tortoise, of the species Chelonoidis denticulata.
pissface: Term of abuse.
reagency: power to react
incoterm: Alternative letter-case form of Incoterm
vapourer: Any of several tussock moths (family Erebidae, subfamily Lymantriinae), especially of the genus Orgyia.
vapourer: One who vapours; a braggart.
deermeat: Rare form of deer meat.
tie wrap: Synonym of cable tie
redwater: Alternative spelling of red water (disease of cattle)
ringwork: A fortified defensive structure, usually circular or oval in shape, essentially a motte-and-bailey castle minus the motte.
wingsuit: A special jumpsuit, used in extreme sports like a parachute, which adds surface area to the wearer's body to create lift.
careline: A helpline provided by a manufacturer of a product
deadener: Something that deadens.
deprival: The condition of being deprived
brattice: A wooden partition in a coal mine.
brattice: A wooden structure used for attack or defence, such as an archery tower, or a penthouse built over the entry to a castle for archers to shoot from.
detrusor: A smooth muscle in the wall of the bladder that relaxes to allow urine to be stored and contracts to expel it; often used attributively.
cavorite: A hypothetical substance with anti-gravity effects.
halirift: A type of veil once worn by nuns
frondeur: A political rebel
rebetiko: A Greek urban folk song, characterised by lyrics about underworld activity, and played generally on stringed instruments including the bouzouki.
rebetiko: This style of music; such music as a genre.
hempseed: The seed of the hemp plant, used as high-protein food or fishing bait.
hempseed: A gallows bird; a person hanged.
repetend: A refrain (having repeated words, sounds or phrases).
repetend: A repeated part in repeating decimals.
dumbshow: Alternative spelling of dumb show
costmary: An aromatic plant (Tanacetum balsamita), once used to flavour ale (prior to use of hops); also used as a bookmark in Bibles and other holy texts to dissuade silverfish and other pests.
nivation: Erosion caused by freezing and thawing due to snow.
startler: One who, or that which, startles.
starwort: Any of several not closely related plants that have a star-shaped flowers or leaves, but especially members of the genus Stellaria.
sherwani: A knee-length coat that buttons to the neck, worn by man, over a shalwar kameez, in parts of India and Pakistan.
backword: A contention, retort, or reply.
backword: A contradiction or answer to put off an engagement; a countermand.
backword: A section of commentary at the end of a book.
defendor: Obsolete form of defender.
berberis: Any of very many evergreen or deciduous shrubs of the genus Berberis.
bobbinet: A net fabric, with hexagonal mesh, woven by machine.
cerclage: The use of a wire loop to hold fragments of a fractured bone together; or to prevent dilation of the cervix in the case of incompetent cervix.
chokedar: Alternative form of chaukidar
nonunity: Lack of unity; manyness.
pattipan: Alternative form of pattypan
waterpot: A pot or jug for holding water.
adiantum: The maidenhair fern and related ferns (of the genus Adiantum)
cowhouse: A house (barn or shed) for keeping cows.
dedendum: The difference between the radius of the pitch circle of a gear and its root circle.
desk job: An employment position in which one remains mostly seated at a desk, performing routine office work.
Palinism: The political philosophy associated with U.S. public figure Sarah Palin.
Palinism: A statement or turn of phrase used by U.S. public figure Sarah Palin that is unintentionally comical due to malapropisms, dubious coherency, etc.
excircle: An escribed circle; a circle outside a polygon (especially a triangle, but also sometimes a quadrilateral) that is tangent to each of the lines on which the sides of the polygon lie.
jug band: Especially in the US, a group of rustic musicians, specializing in bluegrass or folk music, whose instruments include empty jugs, bottles, and similar containers of various sizes which produce musical sounds when the player blows across the openings at the tops of their necks.
librator: Something that librates, or causes libration
relagate: Obsolete spelling of relegate
clubrush: bulrush
eye M.D.: Alternative form of eye MD
formator: A symbol that indicates a relationship between designators.
formator: A person who trains novices or seminarians.
variator: A device that can change the parameters of something.
dustcoat: A coat worn as protection from dust.
vitiator: That which vitiates.
heirhead: The foolish heir to a large fortune.
yahooism: The behaviour or attitudes of yahoos; ignorant boorishness.
subbasis: A subbase (subcollection of a topological space).
mocktini: An alcohol-free drink resembling a martini cocktail.
probator: An examiner; an approver.
probator: One who, when indicted for crime, confessed it and accused his accomplices in order to obtain pardon.
heelball: A mixture of wax and lampblack used to polish shoes, and in brass rubbing.
trackman: A railway employee who inspects and maintains the permanent way of a railway installation.
semifame: Minor fame.
initiand: The subject of an initiation
aequator: Obsolete form of equator.
quippery: The use of quips; smart humour.
macruran: Any of many decapod crustaceans, such as the lobster and shrimp, that were once included in the subdivision Macrura
celebret: A letter signed by a bishop or other higher official stating that a certain priest is allowed to say Mass in a different diocese.
cremator: One who, or that which, cremates or consumes to ashes.
woolshed: A shed where sheep are shorn.
gestator: One who gestates.
fraulein: A young German woman.
lactator: One who lactates.
seadevil: Alternative spelling of sea devil (Lophiiformes)
nainsook: A soft, fine muslin of South Asian origin, sometimes used to make baby clothes.
permutor: Alternative form of permuter
reservor: One who reserves; a reserver.
annuller: One who, or that which, annuls.
autograt: A gratuity automatically added to a bill.
patronne: A woman who is the owner (or wife of an owner) of a business such as a bar or restaurant
croucher: Agent noun of crouch: one who crouches.
beeswarm: A swarm of bees.
delegant: A delegator.
vortilon: A small attachment mounted under the wing of an aeroplane to induce vortices to aid stability in flight.
pinotage: A South African grape variety
pinotage: A red wine made from these grapes
dedicant: One who dedicates something.
plotland: Land that is used by itinerant people for the construction of temporary dwellings.
prosaist: A person who writes prose.
prosaist: A prosaic or commonplace person.
rejectee: A person who has been rejected
santonin: An anthelmintic found in santonica and related plants.
sewellel: The mountain beaver (Aplodontia rufa).
scalprum: A toothed raspatory used in trephining and in removing carious bone.
scalprum: A large strong scalpel.
scamorza: An unfermented cow's-milk cheese from southern Italy.
solifuge: Synonym of camel spider
alternat: The custom, among diplomats, of rotation in precedence among representatives of equal rank, sometimes determined by lot and at other times in regular order. The practice obtains in the signing of treaties and conventions between nations.
solidago: The goldenrod, or any of various similar plants in the genus Solidago.
divulger: One who divulges something.
urnfield: Ground used as a cemetery in Bronze Age Europe, in which the ashs of cremations were buried in cinerary urns.
apologer: A teller of apologues.
fractile: The value of a distribution for which some fraction of the sample lies below.
powercut: Alternative spelling of power cut
drolling: A joke or jest; drollery.
alligant: Obsolete form of alicant.
handbike: A handcycle.
tailhead: The root of the tail, where it joins the rump, in cattle.
muckland: Land whose soil is primarily composed of humus from drained swampland, used for growing certain crops such as onions and carrots.
taillamp: A taillight.
expiator: One who makes expiation or atonement.
affector: A nerve cell that directly activates a muscle
subshock: A subsidiary shock
skeeball: Alternative spelling of skee ball
flexwing: The delta wing, made of fabric, of a hang glider or microlight
assenter: One who assents.
assenter: One of the eight voters who endorse the proposer and seconder's nomination of a candidate for election to the parliament of the United Kingdom.
nosybody: A nosy person.
preadult: One who is not yet an adult.
bicheiro: One who runs an illegal numbers game in South America.
flipness: The quality of being flip.
weroance: Alternative form of werowance
handroll: A piece of sushi in the form of a cone of seaweed filled with rice, fish, vegetables etc.
handroll: A piece of material placed in a patient's hand as an anticontracture measure.
pipewort: Any of several aquatic plants of the genus Eriocaulon.
ringneck: Any of several unrelated birds that have a ringed neck.
reviewal: the act or process of reviewing
pyxidium: A seed capsule in the form of a box, the seeds being released when the top splits off.
Khurrite: Alternative form of Hurrian
selectee: A person who is selected.
depletor: A thing that depletes
amitosis: cell division by cleavage of the nucleus without the formation of condensed chromosomes
emulgent: A substance promoting bile or urine production
emulgent: A renal artery or vein.
condolet: A fitting attached to an electrical conduit to facilitate the pulling and routing of wire.
boarfish: Any of a number of fish that have a projecting snout, in either of two families:
boarfish: The Caproidae
boarfish: Any of a number of fish that have a projecting snout, in either of two families:
boarfish: The Pentacerotidae
LOLspeak: Alternative form of lolspeak
shawirma: Alternative form of shawarma
headloss: The difference in pressure between points in a hydraulic system of piping as a result of friction, elevation change etc.
noverint: A lawyer's clerk, or scrivener.
carpitis: inflammation of the carpal joint
divident: dividend; share
excedent: excess
wash bin: A basket or container of some kind used to store dirty clothes before they are washed.
evolvent: The involute of a curve.
fishwich: A burger with a filling of breaded fish.
offendor: Obsolete form of offender.
remittor: Alternative form of remitter
boracium: An old name for the chemical element boron.
reducent: A reducing agent.
lahmajou: Alternative form of lahmacun
bystreet: An obscure, private, or secondary street; byroad; byway
bybidder: A person employed to bid at an auction in order to raise the prices for the auctioneer or seller.
snowbear: A figure of a bear made from snow in the style of a snowman.
attackee: One who is attacked.
booklore: Synonym of book-learning
booklore: Factual information concerning books, for example regarding such matters as authors and the history of publication and printing.
canaster: Coarse, dried tobacco leaves.
retraxit: A dismissal with prejudice based on a plaintiff's withdrawal of the suit.
sculpsit: An inscription indicating the identity of the person who created a sculpture.
honewort: Either of two plants of the family Umbelliferae.
honewort: A perennial plant, Cryptotaenia canadensis, sometimes cultivated as a vegetable.
honewort: Either of two plants of the family Umbelliferae.
honewort: A small European plant, Trinia glauca, once thought to be a remedy for swellings.
mopboard: A skirting board (to protect a wall from wet mops)
partitur: A full score, conductor's score (with a separate line for every part).
offcomer: A newcomer to a place.
twiffler: A plate intermediate in size between a dinner plate and a side plate, about 9½ inches in diameter.
timepass: Aimless or unproductive activity; killing time.
timepass: An activity which is boring or not worthwhile; a waste of time.
twinspot: Any of various African waxbills that have spotted underparts.
centiday: One hundredth of one day; that is, 14 minutes and 24 seconds.
gladiole: gladiolus (flowering plant)
digitule: A little finger or toe, or something resembling one.
pedicule: A pedicel
monocule: Alternative form of monocle
roration: Synonym of dewfall
venatica: Obsolete spelling of vinhatico
caroline: An old silver coin of Italy.
placitum: A public court or assembly in the Middle Ages, over which the sovereign presided when a consultation was held upon affairs of state.
placitum: A court, or cause in court.
placitum: A plea; a pleading; a judicial proceeding; a suit.
placitum: a legal decision made by a judge or court.
curiosum: A possibly unimportant point of interest; a curiosity.
salicine: Archaic form of salicin.
piperate: A salt or ester of piperic acid.
dentatum: Synonym of dentate nucleus
spicatum: herringbone work in ancient masonry
trigonum: Synonym of os trigonum (“an accessory bone of the foot”)
castella: A Japanese sponge cake made of sugar, flour, eggs, and starch syrup.
chlorido: chloride as a ligand
swot vac: In secondary and tertiary education, a period of non-teaching prior to examinations.
ovalness: The quality of being oval.
venturer: One who ventures; a traveller or explorer.
venturer: One who undertakes a business venture.
lunarium: A mechanical model illustrating the motion of the Moon around the Earth.
stinkbag: An objectionable person.
jackhole: A hole that is created using a jack or wedge.
jackhole: An obnoxious or contemptible person.
chickdom: The world or sphere of chicks (young women).
bluehair: An elderly person, especially a woman or one viewed as senile, old-fashioned, or out of touch.
bluehair: A young or naive supporter of social-justice causes.
myotasis: A stretching of muscle.
desander: A piece of equipment used in the petroleum industry to remove sand (defined as particles greater than or equal to 74 microns) from the drilling fluid.
browntop: Common bent (Agrostis capillaris)
browntop: Microstegium spp.
browntop: Brachiaria ramosa (browntop millet)
snuffler: One who snuffles.
triarius: A veteran hoplite placed in the third rank in the early Roman military.
oversend: A transmission that is larger than it should be.
amplimer: A piece of DNA formed as the products of natural or artificial amplification events, as in a polymerase chain reaction.
inferrer: One who infers.
deferrer: One who defers or puts off.
snowshed: Alternative form of snow shed
rosalgar: realgar
plowland: Alternative spelling of ploughland
sculpter: Misspelling of sculptor.
Winmodem: A softmodem designed to work with the Microsoft Windows operating system.
Cabindan: A native or inhabitant of Cabinda.
clawfoot: A condition of the human foot in which the sole of the foot is distinctly hollow when bearing weight, i.e. it has a fixed plantar flexion.
clawfoot: A foot of this kind.
clawfoot: A decorative foot on a bathtub etc. resembling a claw.
scriptor: A writer, regarded as producing a work but not as providing its explanation (which is instead determined by the reader), according to the theories of Roland Barthes.
huntaway: Alternative letter-case form of Huntaway
micrurgy: The manipulation of individual cells, using very small instruments and a microscope
chamotte: A ceramic raw material with a high percentage of silica and alumina.
globulus: The nucleus globosus.
globulus: A pill, bolus, or spherical suppository.
refusnik: Alternative spelling of refusenik
ramentum: One of the thin brownish chaffy scales upon the leaves or young shoots of some plants, especially upon the petioles and leaves of ferns.
solyanka: A thick, spicy and sour soup in Russian and Ukrainian cuisine.
verbhood: The quality or state of being a verb.
nounhood: The quality of being a noun.
lambfold: An enclosure for keeping lambs.
porticus: A small room in a church, commonly forming extensions to the north and south sides of it, giving the building a cruciform plan, which may function as a chapel, rudimentary transept or burial place.
porticus: An ancient Roman colonnade, arcade, or portico.
opinator: Someone fond of their own opinions; one who holds an opinion.
saltator: One of several passerine birds in the genus Saltator.
squinter: One who squints.
dulcinea: sweetheart, ladylove
duvetine: Alternative form of duvetyne
staghorn: The antlers of a stag when used to make handles etc.
staghorn: A staghorn coral.
wardress: A female warder.
lunokhod: One of the Soviet robotic lunar rovers.
volution: A turning (rolling or revolving) motion.
volution: A single turn (of a coil etc.); a twist.
grammary: Alternative spelling of grammar.
grammary: Alternative form of gramarye.
subtopia: Sprawling suburbs, collectively.
penmaker: One who makes pens for writing.
derivant: A drug that is derived from another.
yolk sac: A membranous sac attached to an embryo, providing early nourishment in the form of yolk in bony fishes, sharks, reptiles, birds, and primitive mammals.
rainwash: The washing action of rain, capable of erosion and transporting soil.
rainwash: A deposit formed by rain.
homebred: A person or animal raised at home.
homebred: An inexperienced or unsophisticated person; a rustic.
naumachy: A place built to stage a mock sea-battle, or the show performed therein.
pupiless: a female pupil
obtusion: The blunting, dulling, or weakening of normal sensation.
legerity: alert quickness of mind or body
TV tuner: A hardware component that allows a computer to receive television signals.
wolfskin: The skin of a wolf.
lap belt: A seat belt that passes over the hips and does not itself provide restraint to the upper body (although it may be part of a larger system another component of which does provide upper-body restraint).
fieldset: A group of related user interface controls that make up one portion of a form.
hollerer: One who hollers.
penwoman: A female writer.
ostrakon: Alternative form of ostracon
pumproom: Alternative form of pump room
ringback: The sound transmitted back to a caller to indicate that the telephone they are calling is ringing.
ringback: A telephone feature allowing a person to receive an automatic call back when a busy line becomes free.
visa run: A brief trip across a visited country's border in order to "restart the clock" on one's visa upon returning, where it would otherwise have expired.
ostracon: A piece of pottery or stone, usually broken off from a vase or other earthenware vessel, especially one used to cast a vote during the Ancient Greek process of ostracism.
cum shot: Alternative form of cumshot
divewear: Items of clothing appropriate for diving.
botrytis: Any fungus of the genus Botrytis, especially Botrytis cinerea which is responsible for the formation of noble rot on grapes.
biophyte: Any plant that obtains nourishment from the bodies of insects (or other once-living organisms)
mud bath: The immersion of the body in mud, for therapeutic reasons.
mud bath: A very muddy area.
pussytoe: singular of pussytoes
nonreply: Lack of a reply.
tessella: A small tessera.
hexacode: A particular linear code of length 6 and dimension 3.
Crayette: Any minisupercomputer with an instruction set compatible with those of Cray supercomputers.
satcomms: Alternative spelling of satcoms
readback: The act of reading data back from a location where it has been stored.
readback: The repetition of a message one has received, in order to acknowledge it.
readback: The reading aloud by a court reporter or stenographer of testimony previously taken down in stenographic dictation, usually at the request of the presiding judge or parties involved in a deposition.
rabbitat: The type of natural environment where rabbits can thrive.
cheaping: Bargaining, haggling.
cheaping: A market.
foredeal: An advantage; benefit; profit.
foredeal: The first place; lead; precedence; preference.
foredeal: Progress; advancement.
lacewood: Any of several types of wood with a coarse texture, but especially that from several varieties of sycamore.
sparaxis: Any of several deciduous perennial flowering herbs, of the genus Sparaxis, from South Africa
symplasm: The cytoplasm of a symplast
stagette: A party held for a woman who is about to be married.
lipslide: A manoeuvre in which the board slides along a structure on its front or back lip
e-mailer: Alternative spelling of emailer
tailspot: A colored spot on the tail of various animals, especially fish.
whitetip: Any of various animals having a white tip or tips on its body.
whitetip: The oceanic whitetip shark, Carcharhinus longimanus.
whitetip: Any of various animals having a white tip or tips on its body.
whitetip: The whitetip reef shark, Triaenodon obesus.
whitetip: Any of various animals having a white tip or tips on its body.
whitetip: Any of the hummingbirds of the Urosticte genus, characterized by the white tips on the males' rectrices.
whitetip: Any of various animals having a white tip or tips on its body.
whitetip: Any of various species of damselfly of the genus Episynlestes, endemic to Australia.
fanspeak: The jargon used by science fiction fans.
fanspeak: The jargon used by fans of any genre of fiction or popular culture in general.
atrophia: Archaic form of atrophy.
foredele: Alternative form of foredeal
surroyal: the fifth tine of an antler's beam
hooknose: An aquiline nose
hooknose: Someone with such a nose, especially Jews
hooknose: A fish, the armed bullhead
ozoniser: Alternative form of ozonizer
planform: The shape and layout of a fixed-wing aircraft's fuselage and wing.
'ighness: Pronunciation spelling of highness.
goosegog: gooseberry
sealship: a ship used for hunting seals.
alkermes: The desiccated bodies of certain insects (female Kermes ilicis and Kermes vermilio), which live on the kermes oak, formerly much used as a material for dye and a medicinal ingredient; also a given mixture, preparation etc. containing such insects.
alkermes: A red Italian alcoholic liqueur.
vontsira: A member of either of two species of small, brown, mongoose-like mammals Salanoia concolor and Salanoia durrelli, from Madagascar.
Erasmian: A follower of Erasmus.
tasklist: A list or database of tasks to be completed.
skurfing: A water sport similar to waterskiing except that a single board is used instead of skis.
sideroad: A lesser road leading off a main road.
sofa bed: Alternative spelling of sofa-bed
stabvest: A vest designed to protect against stabbing.
stepwife: The ex-wife of one's spouse.
stinkpot: An annoying, bad or undesirable person.
stinkpot: A common musk turtle of species Sternotherus odoratus, of southeastern Canada, .
stinkpot: A southern giant petrel (Macronectes giganteus).
stinkpot: A motorboat.
stinkpot: A stinkball.
liquamen: A fish sauce used in Ancient Rome.
harlekin: Obsolete form of harlequin.
dekagram: Alternative form of decagram
pullorum: A severe infectious disease of young poultry, caused by a form of the salmonella bacterium.
redditor: Alternative letter-case form of Redditor
woodcare: The care and treatment of wood.
prowfish: Subtropical perciform saltwater fish found in the North Pacific; Zaprora silenus.
surculus: A shoot from a rootstock; a sucker.
soft roe: milt
hard roe: roe (eggs of fish), as opposed to milt (sperm of fish), which is also known as soft roe or white roe
outvoter: One who casts a vote in an election held in an area in which they do not live.
champeen: A champion.
inversus: The inverted part of a composition.
geranial: One of the two isomers of citral
to-bread: An extra loaf added by bakers to every dozen, completing a baker's dozen.
tee-name: Alternative form of to-name
agathism: The doctrine that the ultimate end of all things is good, although the intermediate means may be evil.
graphoid: A matroid that has two collections of nonempty subsets called circuits and cocircuits such that the intersection of any circuit and cocircuit is not only the identity matroid, no circuit properly contains another circuit, no cocircuit properly contains another cocircuit, and for any painting of M that colors exactly one element green and the rest either red or blue there exists either a circuit containing the green element and no red elements or a cocircuit containing the green element and no blue elements.
graphoid: A set of statements of the form, "X is irrelevant to Y given that we know Z" where X, Y and Z are sets of variables, which can be manipulated by a set of axioms concerning informational irrelevance and its graphical representation.
klondyke: Alternative form of klondike
farmette: A small farm.
cat meat: Cat eaten as meat.
cat meat: Meat prepared to be given as food for a cat.
bimatrix: A matrix with two elements per cell.
dog meat: Meat from a dog eaten as food.
dog meat: Meat prepared to be given to a dog as food.
dog meat: Synonym of dead meat (“someone in danger of being killed or severely punished”)
detailee: An employee of a United States government agency on assignment or loan.
genetrix: Alternative form of genitrix
shealing: Alternative spelling of shieling
placator: Alternative form of placater
birdling: A little bird; birdie; a nestling (young bird, baby bird).
egg tart: A baked pastry commonly made in Hong Kong, Macau and other parts of Asia consisting of an outer pastry crust that is filled with egg custard.
cibarium: A pouchy space in front of the mouth cavity of some insects, used to store and chew food.
Mannaean: an inhabitant of ancient Mannea
invoicer: One who issues an invoice.
meatshot: A shot, from a shotgun or scattergun, all of whose bullets strike the enemy, usually from a very short to point-blank range.
piperade: Alternative spelling of pipérade
backcare: The care of the back.
fourplex: quadplex
korrigum: Damaliscus korrigum korrigum, an antelope of a subspecies of the topi.
umstroke: The circumference or periphery of a circle.
umstroke: A boundary line, especially one at the outermost limit; an extreme edge.
foremind: intent, intention.
foremind: The forward or conscious part of the mind, easily accessible to memory and cognition.
corporas: The corporal, or communion cloth.
subscore: A score that makes up part of a larger total score
Lollardy: The political and religious movement of the Lollards.
sarsenet: A very fine and soft silk ribbon woven in a plain weave with a fine warp and higher density weft. Now chiefly used for linings.
gig-mill: A machine used to bring up a nap on certain types of cloth, or a building housing such machines.
whiz-kid: Alternative spelling of whiz kid
détraqué: Someone who is dangerously deranged; a madman, a psychopath.
desistor: One who desists, who stops or has stopped doing something.
detester: Someone who detests, a hater.
borachio: A drunkard.
borachio: A bottle for wine made of pigskin.
fyke-net: A fyke.
girlzine: A zine written predominantly by and for girls, specifically the riot grrrl subculture.
pejorist: One who believes that the world is getting worse.
eigengap: The difference between successive eigenvalues.
facetime: Alternative form of face time
directer: Archaic form of director.
amourist: Alternative form of amorist
warmline: A telephone line that provides assistance for people whose need is not urgent.
ringspot: A symptom of various viral infections in plants.
optioner: Alternative form of optionor
motioner: One who makes a motion; a mover.
fyke net: A fyke.
expecter: One who expects.
expugner: One who expugns.
aikidoka: One who practices aikido, the martial art.
scaevity: unluckiness
scaevity: left-handedness
remenant: Obsolete form of remnant.
tornaria: The free-swimming larva of Balanoglossus.
attowatt: An SI unit of power equal to 10⁻¹⁸ watts. Symbol: aW
musk cat: An animal which secretes musk, such as a civet, or musk deer.
musk cat: A scented effeminate dandy.
musk cat: A prostitute.
unthrift: A lack of thriftiness; prodigality.
unthrift: Someone who is not thrifty; a spendthrift, someone who is not careful with their money.
hashpipe: A pipe used to smoke hashish
honeybun: A type of bun or pastry sweetened with honey.
honeybun: Honey; sweetheart (term of endearment)
glaziery: The craft of a glazier; making and fitting windows.
glaziery: A place where a glazier works.
arapaima: A large carnivorous predatory South American tropical freshwater fish of species Arapaima gigas.
divertor: Alternative form of diverter
expandor: Dated form of expander.
artboard: An on-screen design surface in a drawing application.
unzipper: A program that extracts files from compressed archives.
ravewear: Clothing to be worn at raves.
bowieite: A rhodium-iridium-platinum sulfide mineral.
braunite: A silicate mineral containing divalent and trivalent manganese and forming grey-black tetragonal crystals.
brianite: A phosphate mineral with the chemical formula Na₂CaMg(PO₄)₂, first identified in an iron meteorite.
brushite: A mineral formed by the interaction of guano with calcite and clay at a low pH, believed to be a precursor of apatite.
geologer: A geologist.
blossite: An orthorhombic copper vanadate mineral related to ziesite.
old mate: An elderly man.
old mate: In general, any person, whose specific identity can be deduced from context.
loneness: The state of being alone; loneliness, solitariness.
otwayite: A green orthorhombic hydrated nickel carbonate mineral.
davidite: A particular mineral.
Eskimoan: An Eskimo.
liferent: The right to receive for life the benefits of a property or other asset, without the right to dispose of it.
zoophage: An organism that consumes animal matter, or a species whose members do so; a carnivore
metafilm: A thin film of a metamaterial
sublogic: A subset of a system of logic
callaria: water-arum
tailor's: A tailor's shop.
bedquilt: A quilt used for spreading over a bed, as the topmost layer of bedclothes.
nanobarn: A unit of area equal to 10⁻⁹ barns
orocline: A mountain belt whose process of deformation is visible.
orocline: Any mountain belt with significant curvature.
shellack: Alternative form of shellac
narutard: Alternative spelling of Narutard
slitmask: A device that is attached to an optical device in order to remove all light except for that from a particular direction.
subdepot: A lesser depot that is part of a larger one.
icequake: The concussion that occurs when large masses of ice break up due to contraction.
icequake: Synonym of cryoseism
Sevillan: Alternative form of Sevillian
parenter: agent noun of parent
seaspace: A designated portion of the sea for naval use.
delectus: An elementary reader (collection of passages) for learners of a language
Navarran: Someone from Navarre.
Bilbaoan: Someone from Bilbao
glue-pot: Alternative form of gluepot
menyvere: Obsolete form of miniver.
piscator: A fisherman; an angler.
obeyance: obedience
obeyance: abeyance
zoöphagy: Alternative spelling of zoophagy
bed-room: Archaic form of bedroom.
reportor: Obsolete form of reporter.
repetent: A tutor or private teacher in Germany; a repetitor.
repugner: One who repugns.
RMI-IIOP: Abbreviation of RMI over IIOP.
lead-out: A program scheduled to follow another.
lead-out: The tactic where one cyclist goes ahead at high speed so that a following teammate (the sprinter) can benefit from the slipstream. See drafting.
lead-out: The final part of the groove of a vinyl record, after the end of the recording.
lead-out: A marker in the data stored on a compact disc, representing the end of a recording session.
dehorter: A dissuader; an adviser to the contrary.
sarcitis: myositis
pint pot: A container, typically with a handle, that holds a pint (of beer, etc) for drinking.
pint pot: A seller or drinker of beer.
albacora: Obsolete form of albacore (“longfin tuna”).
hatchman: A prison guard charged with checking on the prisoner by looking through the hatch.
dissaver: One who dissaves (spends more than is earned).
skelping: A beating or slapping.
Bonesman: A member of the Skull and Bones secret society at Yale University, USA.
kine-pox: cowpox.
longcase: A longcase clock.
leafmeal: A feed or meal, particularly for animals, consisting chiefly of decayed vegetable matter, especially leaves.
leafmeal: Fallen or decaying leaves; leaf litter
tinstone: The mineral cassiterite.
mucosity: The state of being mucous.
mucosity: Mucous material.
netphone: A telephone that connects through the Internet.
thugging: thuggery; the behaviour of a thug
filmland: The industry of films and filmmaking.
filmland: The fictitious world where films are set.
webphone: A telephone that connects through the Internet.
curatrix: A female curator, guardian, or custodian
curatrix: A female who cures.
groucher: A grouchy person.
banquine: An acrobatic act with a group of at least three people, with two or more bases and at least one flyer. The bases, or spotters, form a platform with their arms and hands interlocked which the flyer uses as a takeoff position for somersaults and other aerial tricks.
benefite: Obsolete spelling of benefit
cessavit: A writ given by statute to recover lands when the tenant has for two years failed to perform the conditions of his tenure.
gianduja: A Piedmontese preparation of chocolate containing about 50 percent hazelnut and almond paste.
ant-bear: Alternative spelling of ant bear
colthood: The state of being a colt; the youth of a (male) horse.
cow pool: A collective or organization through which members have their cows milked in a centralized location.
Europlug: A flat, two-pole domestic AC power plug suitable for use in most European countries.
tableman: Any of the pieces used to play the game of tables, backgammon or draughts.
tableman: A person sitting at the same table.
dipluran: Any of various hexapods, of the order Diplura.
leverman: Someone employed to operate a lever.
miserite: A lilac-pink or red triclinic-pinacoidal rare-earth mineral of interest also for cleaning up radioactive and other wastes and for ceramics.
paperman: A man who delivers newspapers.
paperman: A musician who cannot improvise.
teeshirt: Alternative form of T-shirt
Volscian: An inhabitant of Volsci, or a person of Volscian descent.
captaine: Obsolete spelling of captain
wasphood: The state or essence of being a wasp.
mousedom: The state or essence of being a mouse.
treehood: The state or essence of being a tree.
deerhood: The state or condition of being a deer.
tigerdom: The state or essence of being a tiger.
foolhood: The state or essence of being a fool.
jerkhood: The state or essence of being a jerk.
snakedom: The state or essence of being a snake.
parapsis: An abnormality in the sense of touch
megatick: A greatly desirable addition to the list of birds one has seen, usually because it is rare or seldom seen.
runathon: A charity event in which participants run a long distance
runathon: A match in which a large number of runs are scored
sexathon: A prolonged session of sexual intercourse.
low side: A type of motorcycle crash when both tires lose traction and the motorcycle falls onto its side and slides across the tarmac. The rider typically falls off at ground level after the machine has fallen over and begun to slide.
peripety: Alternative form of peripeteia (“sudden change in circumstances; crisis”)
peripety: The third stage of a dream in Jungian theory.
torcular: A tourniquet.
scoopula: A curved spatula used as a scoop in chemistry laboratories.
misbirth: An abortion.
bikathon: Alternative spelling of bikeathon
pikehead: The head of a pike (the weapon)
pikehead: A type of mouthbrooder (fish) of the family Luciocephalidae.
Hoxhaism: A form of antirevisionist Marxism-Leninism.
rusticle: An icicle-shaped rust formation, formed on shipwrecks etc. by underwater microbes that consume iron.
eatathon: A charity event in which participants eat as much as possible.
eatathon: A large feast or pigout.
bosentan: A dual endothelin receptor antagonist important in the treatment of pulmonary artery hypertension.
minisode: A very short episode of a television programme.
omorashi: The sexual fetish of arousal from having a full bladder or a sexual attraction to someone else experiencing the feeling of a full urinary bladder.
jackstay: A stay (rope, bar or batten), running along a ship's yard, to which is attached the head of a square sail.
jackstay: A cable between two ships or from a ship to a fixed point which can be used to support a load during transfer of personnel or materiel along the cable.
jackstay: A line (rope, webbing or cable), attached to a boat at the ends, to which a safety harness can be clipped to restrain falling in rough conditions and to prevent falling overboard.
jackstay: A line fixed at both ends, which may be used to guide a load or a diver along the route of the line. Uses include guidance to and from the underwater work site, and as a means of controlling an underwater search.
ham hock: The cut of meat at the joint between the leg and foot of a hog.
everness: perpetuity
hidation: Division (of a larger territory, such as a shire or hundred) into hides
sheepdip: Alternative form of sheep-dip
shaobing: A baked, layered flatbread, sometimes with sesame on top, in northern Chinese cuisine.
heartful: An amount of emotion considered to be present in the heart.
rewaxing: The act of waxing something again.
bunkroom: A room with bunks for sleeping.
downface: A profile characterized by a downward sloping muzzle.
downface: The face that is oriented downward.
maildrop: A place where postal mail is received and then forwarded to another address, used for anonymity or as a fixed address for somebody who is travelling.
cymatium: A molding on the cornice.
cymatium: A type of molding that is wavelike in form.
devision: Obsolete spelling of division
burnfire: Bonfire.
lævulose: Alternative spelling of levulose
subpoint: A point (proposition in a debate etc.) that forms part of a larger point.
megafund: A major money-management operation dealing with large amounts of money.
bingtuan: In China, a construction and corporation composed of soldiers, especially working-class ones.
chaolite: An allotrope of carbon (an extended polyyne) believed to form in meteorite impacts.
gun-brig: A small two-masted vessel during the Age of Sail, typically carrying 12 guns, comprising two long guns in the chase position and ten carronades on the broadsides.
headfuck: Anything confusing that interferes with the usual functioning of the brain.
sudarium: A napkin or handkerchief.
comether: Alternative form of come-hither
kcalorie: Abbreviation of kilocalorie.
bushfood: Traditional Aboriginal food gathered from the bush.
rechange: Another change; a subsequent change.
shopgoer: Someone who goes to a shop to make purchases.
accessus: In electing a pope, a method by which cardinals could change their most recent vote to accede to another candidate in an attempt to reach the necessary two-thirds majority and end the conclave.
pos pron: Abbreviation of possessive pronoun.
shoeshop: Alternative form of shoe shop
beeyatch: Alternative spelling of biatch
neomenia: The time of the new moon; the beginning of the month in the lunar calendar.
mincepie: Alternative form of mince pie
snowgirl: A kind of snowman with female features, intended to represent a girl.
monosuit: Any of several forms of one-piece clothing that covers all or most of the body
seatwork: The schoolwork done by students sitting at their desks during schooltime.
red chip: A stock or other investment in perceived high value and reliable company of the People's Republic of China.
yule log: Alternative letter-case form of Yule log
primitia: The first fruits.
primitia: The first year's whole profit of an ecclesiastical preferment.
Latinist: A scholar who studies the Latin language.
pruritis: Misspelling of pruritus.
jacobine: An alkaloid found in ragwort (Jacobaea vulgaris).
send-off: A penalty for a serious infraction of the rules in which the player is ordered to leave for the rest of the game; red card
send-off: Alternative form of sendoff
lavement: A washing or bathing.
lavement: A clyster.
ironiser: Someone who speaks ironically
depraver: One who depraves or corrupts.
kakizome: The first calligraphy written at the beginning of a year.
taijutsu: Japanese martial arts techniques that rely on a set of body movements without weapons.
foodfish: Alternative form of food fish
entracte: Alternative form of entr'acte
startbox: The compartment of a maze etc. into which the animal subject in a psychology experiment is initially placed.
antisnob: One who opposes snobbery.
boofhead: An idiot; a fathead.
boofhead: An oversized head.
boofhead: A person with an oversized head.
solidare: A small piece of money.
distomer: The less pharmacologically active of the enantiomers of a drug.
dead key: A special modifier key on a typewriter or computer keyboard, typically used to attach a specific diacritic to another character.
STOLport: An airport designed for STOL or short-field operations.
misíthra: Alternative form of mizithra
Virgo SC: Abbreviation of Virgo Supercluster.
Gaianism: a spiritual philosophy following the Gaia Theory of James Lovelock
vectigal: A tax.
thingman: One of several men gathered at a thing, for example to settle a dispute over a debt.
thingman: (One of several) men serving as the army, particularly the mercenary army, (of a specific ruler).
deathfic: A work of fan fiction centered around the death of a character.
deathfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
Whiggery: Support for whiggish attitudes.
tsundere: A cold, nitpicky character, usually a girl, who conceals (without complete success) a bashfulness in the presence of their crush.
smaragde: Alternative form of smaragd
beheadal: beheading
potioner: One who makes potions.
tip over: An action where the goalkeeper deflects the ball over the crossbar.
hamilton: Alternative letter-case form of Hamilton (slang: a United States ten-dollar bill).
windhold: A state in which ski lifts must stop running due to extremely windy conditions.
tankmate: An aquarium fish that shares the same tank as another.
acritude: acridity; pungency combined with heat.
postwork: Postproduction, work on filmed material after principal photography, as to improve image quality or synchronize sound.
postwork: Work on images after work in the field or set or after non-digital phases of image creation.
loveling: A beloved little one; darling; a beloved or lovable thing.
melodeum: A small keyboard organ.
cherubin: Obsolete form of cherub.
cherubin: Obsolete form of cherubim (plural of cherub)
hexeract: A six-dimensional hypercube
octeract: An eight-dimensional hypercube
enneract: A nine-dimensional hypercube
mailfile: A file that stores electronic mail.
shilingi: A unit of currency in East Africa, currently only in use by Tanzania, and divided into 100 senti.
nail set: A punch that drives in a nail so that its head is level with or below the surface.
geospace: The region of outer space near Earth, including the upper atmosphere, ionosphere and magnetosphere.
geospace: The region of space that goes from the solar photosphere to the mesosphere of Earth. It includes the solar photosphere, chromosphere and corona, the solar wind, Earth's magnetosheath, magnetosphere, thermosphere, ionosphere and mesosphere.
fish gig: Alternative spelling of fishgig (alternative form of fizgig).
skiathon: A skiing event held to raise money for charity.
big head: An inflated ego, an exaggerated belief in one's own importance.
big head: The brain, as opposed to the penis, little head; rational thought, as opposed to lust.
big head: The short head of a long tail distribution.
big head: To be under the effect of cannabis.
big head: Alternative spelling of bighead
jogathon: A charity event in which participants jog a long distance.
enthuser: One who enthuses; a fan, enthusiast.
sardiner: A sardine fisherman.
sardiner: A fishing boat used for catching sardines.
septfoil: A symmetrical shape which forms the overall outline of seven partially overlapping circles of the same diameter.
septfoil: A stylized flower or leaf with seven lobes.
artworld: A group or network of people involved in the production, commission, preservation, promotion, criticism, and sale of art.
rainburn: A notional burn on the skin caused by excess exposure to heavy rain.
rainburn: 2005, Martin Sketchley, Affinity Trap
rainburn: He peered out, glancing at the sky. 'We'd better get under cover before it starts raining,' he said, breathing heavily. 'We don't want to get rainburn.'
consuite: A hospitality room at a con (an organized gathering such as a convention, conference or congress).
roundoff: A move similar to a cartwheel but ending with the legs together and the gymnast facing in the opposite direction.
roundoff: The act of rounding off a number.
wanweird: Misfortune; ill or unhappy fate.
regalist: A proponent of regalism.
sumption: A taking.
sumption: The major premise of a syllogism.
toe-poke: A kick to a football with the toe end of the boot.
foglight: Alternative form of fog light
spondeus: Archaic form of spondee.
off-come: Alternative form of offcome
bouffage: A satisfying meal
wanspeed: Ill fortune.
shitebag: Alternative form of shitbag
wantrust: Distrust.
deductor: One who deducts tax.
deductor: The pilot whale or blackfish.
occashun: Pronunciation spelling of occasion.
irrigant: irrigating agent
wornness: The quality of being worn.
bignonia: Any member of the genus Bignonia of flowering plants in the catalpa family.
walkthru: Alternative spelling of walkthrough
crapfest: Something of very low quality.
kissfest: An encounter featuring a lot of kissing.
shitfest: Something of incredibly low quality.
snogfest: A period of intense snogging (kissing)
shagfest: An event or encounter involving a large amount of sexual intercourse.
boobfest: Any event involving the display of bare female breasts.
Flickrer: Someone who uses the photo-sharing website Flickr.
rapefest: An event involving a large amount of raping.
dickfest: An event where the majority (or all) of the people are male.
gangrape: Alternative form of gang rape
off-corn: Waste or inferior corn thrown out during dressing.
rockfest: A rock music festival.
suckfest: Something of incredibly low quality.
suckfest: An orgy or long event of fellatio
out ball: A chance to clear the ball to an attacking teammate, or such an attacker; a target man.
gypstack: A mound of phosphogypsum
technacy: The holistic understanding of technology in relation to the creation, design and implementation of projects.
technacy: Competency in scientific and technological problem-solving, experimentation and communication.
fecaloma: A hard accretion of feces in the rectum
wombgate: The vulva.
sheepdom: The quality or state of being a sheep.
syntonin: A form of fibrin found in muscle tissue, or produced by the action of acids on myosin
sheetful: The amount that fits on a sheet (any meaning)
sheeprun: A sheep farm.
YouTuber: A user of the video-sharing website YouTube.
YouTuber: A video creator on YouTube.
far post: The goalpost furthest from where a cross is made.
old soul: A reincarnated person.
old soul: A person of unusual maturity.
fore-wit: Alternative form of forewit
endstage: A final stage.
wordfest: A literary event for writers.
beershop: A shop selling beer.
ramiform: A symbol or structure that is shaped like a branch, or which branches.
fuckshop: A brothel.
chopshop: Alternative form of chop shop
asswhore: A prostitute who is willing to do anal sex.
cakeshop: Alternative form of cake shop
wineshop: A shop selling wine.
wineshop: A liquor store.
serratus: Any of several muscles of the vertebral or costal region that produce a serrated border.
filemask: A text pattern that matches certain filenames.
pineyard: A coniferous forest ecoregion in the Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands, dominated by Bahamian pine.
flautino: Any of several high-pitched woodwind instruments, including the zufolo, sopranino recorder, and piccolo.
fissiped: An animal that has the toes separated from each other.
benexate: A drug used to treat gastric acid disorders.
bendazac: bendazolic acid
muppetry: The behaviour of a muppet; foolish incompetence.
masuyite: A uranium/lead oxide mineral.
Henmania: Enthusiasm for the British tennis player Tim Henman.
gandoura: A type of long robe or gown worn in North Africa.
hen-wife: Alternative form of henwife
Kemetism: Neopagan revivals of Ancient Egyptian religions.
bucktail: The tail of a deer, traditionally used as a fishing lure.
chyrstal: Obsolete spelling of crystal
diaphony: A form of harmony in which the parts proceeded by parallel motion in fourths, fifths, and octaves.
cutpoint: A point of a connected space whose removal causes the resulting space to be disconnected.
cutpoint: A cutoff point (cutoff value, threshold value), that is, a cutoff: the amount set by an operational definition as the transition point between states in a discretization or dichotomization.
stereome: A section of sclerenchyma at the base of a phyllary in some members of the Asteraceae.
stereome: sclerenchyma
leaf fat: The layers of fat that support the kidneys of a pig.
droveway: A road or track along which livestock are (or historically were) regularly driven.
Ordinary: The part of the Roman Catholic Mass that is the same every day
promgoer: One who attends a prom.
choy sum: A Chinese vegetable, a variety of Brassica rapa parachinensis subspecies, similar to bok choy but slimmer, with smooth green leaves and pale green stems, and clusters of flowers on the tips of the inner shoots
megagift: A donation to charity of millions of dollars.
unpacker: One who, or that which, unpacks.
unpacker: A software program that decompresses code or data.
snotball: A ball of mucus ejected from the mouth.
snotball: A term of abuse.
yachtful: As much as a yacht will hold.
Frascati: An Italian white wine from the region around the town of Frascati
hexafoil: A design with six round semicircular petals stemming from a central circle.
flaskful: As much as a flask will hold.
cloistre: Obsolete form of cloister.
wingspot: A spot on a wing (as of a bird or butterfly).
masscult: The modern industrial equivalent of culture, mass-produced and anonymously consumed, without specialization or connoisseurship.
pastirma: A highly seasoned, air-dried cured beef in Ottoman cuisine.
pommeler: A fencer who holds an epee at the very end of a French grip, i.e. on the pommel, the large nut that holds the grip together, to gain several additional inches of blade extension.
incester: One who engages in incest.
supranet: the fusion of the physical and the digital (‘virtual’) worlds.
air cell: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see air cell.
air cell: A terminal dilation of the bronchiole in lungs or similar organs where gas exchange occurs.
air cell: Spaces that contain air in the bones of the skull.
air cell: A prechamber in an indirect injection internal combustion engine.
air cell: An electrochemical cell that uses air as a terminal, such as the metal-air electrochemical cell.
wop wops: Alternative form of wop-wops
dungball: A ball of dung.
piaculum: An expiatory sacrifice.
piaculum: The victim in such a sacrifice.
piaculum: An act requiring expiation.
prosaism: A manner, quality, expression, style, phrase or word that is prosaic.
redrawer: A company that redraws steel.
redrawer: A person who redraws previously published drawings, to adjust drawn figures, details, or change text.
piefight: A fight involving pies, especially the comical throwing of custard pies.
nondoing: Alternative form of non-doing
rum cake: A type of sponge cake made with rum.
sideyard: A yard at the side of a building.
gyrostat: A gyroscope fixed within a rigid case
slowball: A pitch that is not a fastball or curveball; often a change-up.
slowball: Steady, cautionary behavior as a delaying tactic.
slowball: An easy or obvious target.
anonette: Synonym of femanon (“a female user of 4chan”)
ianthina: Any of the family Janthinidae of violet snails.
Donatist: One of a group of Christians in fourth-century North Africa who broke away as a group after opposing the appointment of Caecilianus as Bishop of Carthage, and who disputed the validity of baptisms performed by others.
gloveful: As much as a glove can hold.
wet suit: Alternative form of wetsuit
uropygid: Any arachnid of the order Thelyphonida; whip scorpion; vinegaroon.
paxillus: A kind of pillar-like spine with a flattened summit covered with minute spinules or granules, covering the surface of certain starfishes.
oily rag: An employee in a menial, unskilled role in a factory or workshop.
oily rag: A cigarette; fag.
bar spin: Alternative spelling of barspin
jedgment: Pronunciation spelling of judgment.
pipetter: Alternative form of pipettor
bakesale: Alternative form of bake sale
sieveful: As much as a sieve can hold.
macarena: Alternative form of Macarena
balywick: Alternative form of bailiwick
attritus: material pulverized by attrition
snootful: A noseful.
snootful: A significant ingested quantity of an alcoholic beverage.
stannide: Any binary compound of tin and a more electropositive element; the tin anion in such a compound
air-shot: A failed attempt to strike the ball.
calmecac: A school for the children of Aztec nobility.
up above: An upward location. (Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see up, above.)
up above: In heaven.
zelatrix: A nun who oversees the behaviour of young nuns.
spraddle: A manner of walking with the legs spread out.
squisher: One who, or that which, squishes.
pissplay: Sexual activity involving urine.
conopeum: A thin flap of silica on the external valve face of a diatom
shiproom: Storage space on a ship.
downtube: Alternative form of down tube
autoloom: A type of power loom.
winelist: Alternative form of wine list
zankiren: A particular drug that acts as a renin inhibitor.
Simoleon: Alternative form of simoleon
delation: Conveyance.
delation: An accusation or charge brought against someone, especially by an informer; the act of accusing someone.
presskit: Alternative form of press kit
causator: One who causes something; a causer.
lock key: Any of certain keys of a computer keyboard that switch between certain states, which may be represented by LEDs.
stockout: An instance of an item being out of stock; the situation where an order cannot be fulfilled from current inventory.
inholder: An indweller, or anything indwelling; inhabitant; occupant.
inholder: The active forces of nature.
dropship: A flying transport that drops troops or equipment onto a planet, etc.
incantor: One who performs incantations; one who incants.
malefice: An evil deed; artifice; enchantment.
lifecare: The care of elderly people within a dedicated community after their retirement and usually up until their death.
incanter: Alternative form of incantor
humiture: An index of temperature and humidity intended to encapsulate in one number how hot it feels on a humid day.
jet-pack: Alternative spelling of jet pack
rondavel: A traditional circular design of house, typically with a conical roof, commonly thatched. Still used in rural regions, but also popular as a theme in the ambience of resorts, either as chalets or as cheap utility buildings.
plowgirl: A girl plower, a girl who plows.
skiboard: A short ski used in the sport of skiboarding.
dime-bag: Alternative form of dime bag
planctus: A lament or dirge, a popular literary form in the Middle Ages.
bereaver: Someone who bereaves.
breacher: One who breaches.
bedframe: The frame of a bed.
buttoner: One who buttons something.
buttoner: Any device used to fasten buttons to a garment.
buttoner: A manufacturer of buttons.
buttoner: A con man's apprentice.
buffeter: A boxer or fighter.
buffeter: Someone who eats at a buffet.
abelungu: White people collectively.
pygargus: Alternative form of pygarg
bruncher: Someone who eats brunch.
maw worm: Alternative spelling of maw-worm
moneybag: Alternative spelling of money bag
sucklers: A plant: red clover or white clover.
telluret: telluride
seven-up: A children's game in which players with their eyes shut try to guess which of a group of seven people pressed down their thumbs.
seven-up: A card game similar to all fours, won by scoring seven points.
tubewell: Alternative form of tube well
trap set: A drum kit.
fakelore: Manufactured folklore presented as if it were genuinely traditional.
bindrune: Alternative form of bind-rune
graphino: A massless charged relativistic quasiparticle that arises from the low-energy excitations in a 2D graphene sheet interacting with an electromagnetic field
bewrayer: A betrayer or divulger.
boatlift: The (often clandestine) transportation of a large number of people or amount of goods by boat, especially an exodus of people.
boatlift: A mechanism for lifting boats from the water, or between water on different elevations.
Cokelore: Urban legends regarding the drink Coca-Cola.
baasskap: Dominion, control, or supremacy, especially of white South Africans over non-white peoples.
canities: The condition of having gray hair.
affixoid: A regular word that also works as an affix
footwalk: A pedestrian walkway.
feepayer: One who pays a fee.
pessulus: A delicate bar of cartilage connecting the dorsal and ventral extremities of the first pair of bronchial cartilages in the syrinx of birds.
suverena: A coin of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Whiteboy: A member of the Whiteboys, a secret Irish agrarian organization in 18th-century Ireland, using violent tactics to defend tenant farmers' land rights for subsistence farming.
musicing: The art or process of making music.
outfoxer: Someone who outfoxes.
cut-back: Alternative form of cutback
flick-on: A quick headed touch to pass to another player.
cornetcy: The rank, role, or position of a cornet.
lie-down: A short period of rest while lying.
absconsa: A kind of dark lantern.
bluelink: Alternative spelling of blue link
cocawine: Alternative spelling of coca wine
rain hat: A waterproof hat, intended to be worn in rainy weather.
Dzogchen: The Great Perfection; the state of contemplation beyond the mind; not unconscious, but mental processes not conditioning of awareness.
Dzogchen: The corresponding teachings found in Nyingmapa and the non-Buddhist Bonpo.
celature: The act or art of engraving or embossing.
celature: An engraving.
standart: Nonstandard spelling of standard.
blue cod: Any member of species Parapercis colias of temperate marine fish of the family Pinguipedidae.
cerastes: A very flexible horned serpent in Greek legend, said to have no spine and to hide its head in the sand awaiting prey.
footcare: The care of the feet.
handcare: The care of the hands.
Pelagian: A supporter of the doctrines of Pelagius.
albinoid: Synonym of albino (“person or animal that has albinism”)
rinpoche: A title warranting great respect, prefixed to the names of Tibetan Buddhists.
Mercator: An orthomorphic map projection, in which meridians appear at right-angles to the equator, and lines of latitude are horizontal lines whose distance from each other increases with distance from the equator.
vice-roi: Alternative form of viceroy.
card key: A keycard.
beamster: A workman engaged in beaming or slicking hides.
bearward: A keeper of bears.
almsdeed: The giving of alms; an act of charity, a good work.
siserary: A severe rebuke or scolding.
siserary: A sharp blow.
syntexis: A change in the structure of magma by melting or the assimilation of a different type of rock.
syntexis: emaciation or wasting away
thisness: The qualities, properties or characteristics of a thing which make it a particular thing.
outliver: A survivor.
tapadera: One of the leather hoods that cover the stirrups of a Mexican saddle.
n-hexane: The saturated aliphatic hydrocarbon (CH₃(CH₂)₄CH₃).
n-octane: The saturated aliphatic hydrocarbon (CH₃(CH₂)₆CH₃).
n-butane: The saturated aliphatic hydrocarbon (CH₃(CH₂)₂CH₃).
podagric: A person suffering from gout.
wiseling: One who pretends to be wise; a wiseacre.
talebook: A storybook.
hickster: A hick who attempts to be hip (that is, to be a hipster).
belieber: Nonstandard form of believer.
belieber: Alternative form of Belieber
Belieber: A fan or supporter of Canadian singer Justin Bieber (born 1994); a Justin Bieber fanatic.
santorum: A frothy mixture of lubricant and fecal matter as an occasional byproduct of anal sex.
santorum: Shit: rubbish, worthless matter, nonsense, bull.
positure: Obsolete form of posture.
positura: A stroke added to a medieval punctus; a punctuation mark created by addition of such a stroke.
counsell: Obsolete spelling of counsel
lecythus: Alternative form of lekythos
λ/4 film: Film having a retardation of a quarter of a specified wavelength, used with a polarizer film to lower the reflectance of a display significantly.
shippage: Shipment of goods.
shippage: Charge for shipment.
mesonium: Any exotic atom formed from a meson and an electron
sakazuki: A Japanese cup for drinking saké.
ornature: decoration; ornamentation
semicoma: A mild coma.
anangeon: A justification of an action by necessity.
brending: The act of burning; burning.
cataphor: Semicoma.
cataphor: Somnolence marked by periods of partial consciousness.
peculium: The savings of a son or a slave, with the father's or master's consent; a little property or stock of one's own.
peculium: A special fund for private and personal uses.
apodixis: Supporting a proposition by reference to common knowledge.
cœmetery: Archaic spelling of cemetery.
murenger: An officer in charge of the town walls, or their repairs.
echiurid: Any of several spoon worms of the class Echiura.
kerchunk: A sudden heavy blow or thump.
quartane: butane
ringmail: A type of personal armour constructed as series of metallic rings sewn to a fabric or leather foundation.
aquæduct: Archaic spelling of aqueduct.
traceuse: A female practitioner of parkour.
reticula: The reticular formation.
cæremony: Archaic spelling of ceremony.
spherula: Alternative form of spherule
sportula: A gift or present; a prize.
subucula: A man's undergarment or shirt.
subucula: In the early English church, a kind of cassock worn under the alb.
philauty: Selfishness, self-esteem, vanity
victrice: A female victor; a victress.
vesicula: Synonym of vesicle (small blister).
expunger: One who expunges.
recesser: One that recesses.
perelles: Obsolete form of pearls.
cælibacy: Archaic spelling of celibacy.
myrtetum: A myrtle grove.
inverity: Untruth, falsehood.
netorare: A genre of cuckoldry pornography where a protagonist's love interest or close associate is corrupted and taken away by an antagonist.
overdeal: An amount left over; excess.
bushment: An ambush.
bushment: The troops concealed in an ambush.
bushment: A surprise party; a company of soldiers secretly deployed.
saw buck: Alternative form of sawbuck
homoeoid: A boundlessly thin shell constrained by a couple of similar surfaces with nearly identical orientations.
calathos: A basket-like ornament in Ancient Greek architecture.
calathus: A vase-shaped basket made from reeds or twigs, used in Ancient Greece.
chodchod: A form of oriental ruby, carbuncle or possibly jasper
gynæceum: Dated form of gynaeceum
cœnogamy: Obsolete spelling of cenogamy
æsthesis: Obsolete spelling of esthesis
eucharis: A type of plant of the genus Eucharis, found in Central and South America and with white flowers.
glamping: Any of various luxury forms of camping.
trochlea: A structure resembling or acting like a pulley.
trochlea: In the elbow joint, the articular surface of the lower extremity of the humerus, grasped by the trochlear notch of the ulna.
trochlea: A structure resembling or acting like a pulley.
trochlea: A pulley-like cartilage through which the superior oblique muscle of the eyeball passes.
Tatarian: Synonym of Tartarian
dot-bomb: A failed dot-com company or venture
miliaria: A rash caused by blocked, malfunctioning, or underdeveloped sweat glands.
arribada: A mass nesting of marine turtles.
palæstra: Archaic spelling of palaestra.
sh*tload: Censored spelling of shitload.
insanery: An insane asylum.
ædœology: Study of human genitalia.
ammolite: A rare and valuable opal-like gemstone, made of the fossilized shells of ammonites.
ametrine: A naturally occurring variety of quartz, with zones of purple and yellow or orange.
descrier: A person who descries.
allœosis: Obsolete form of allesis.
nonaffix: A morpheme that is not an affix.
legumine: Synonym of casein
anyolite: A metamorphic rock composed of intergrown green zoisite, black tschermakite, and ruby.
stop-tap: A stopcock.
stop-tap: Last orders.
Kebecois: Quebecer; Québécois person
cape ann: An oilskin cap whose brim is longer in back than in front, designed to repel wind and rain.
Cæsarean: Obsolete form of Caesarean.
feltwork: A fibrous network
feltwork: A tight plexus of nerve fibrils
æternity: Obsolete spelling of eternity
pyorrhœa: Alternative spelling of pyorrhea
pulville: Alternative form of pulvillio
cut time: A meter of two minims (half notes) per measure.
foodyolk: The yolk of an egg, especially when used as food for the developing embryo.
afteregg: A meroblastic egg, ovum, or ovule which has acquired its store of foodyolk, or been otherwise modified from its original primitive condition as an egg-cell or protovum
againsaw: Contradiction; gainsaying
veneerer: A person who makes and applies veneers.
dad joke: A (usually deliberate) unfunny or corny joke, typically in question/answer format and containing a pun.
gangræna: Alternative form of gangrene
phallist: Someone who practises phallism.
phallism: The worship of the phallus (penis) as a symbol of male generative power.
glucæmia: Obsolete form of glycemia.
charoite: A rare mineral, ranging in color from a light lilac to a deep purple, found in Yakutia, Russia.
logopœia: Obsolete form of logopoeia.
bookland: In Anglo-Saxon society, land held by charter or written title, free from all fief, fee, service, and fines. It was held chiefly by the nobility and denominated freeholders.
sex bomb: Someone who is highly physically attractive; a bombshell.
paranœic: Obsolete form of paranoiac.
oligæmia: Obsolete form of oligaemia.
hypopnœa: Alternative form of hypopnea
404 page: The result of trying to follow a broken link within a website.
reteller: Someone who retells a story.
riverman: A man who lives or works on a river.
harn-pan: Alternative form of harnpan
ant farm: a glass-sided dirt-filled box containing ants, normally used as a biological study tool.
anoxæmia: Archaic spelling of anoxaemia.
overhold: The act or process of holding over.
antitypy: reaction (to an applied force)
cassican: An American bird (Psarocolius decumanus, syn. Cassicus cristatus), allied to the starlings and orioles, remarkable for its skillfully constructed and suspended nest.
cassican: A piping crow.
cassican: Corvus typicus of Indonesia and Australia.
cassican: A piping crow.
cassican: Cracticus tibicen (syn. Gymnorhina tibicen), Australian magpie.
weak tea: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see weak, tea, husband's tea.
weak tea: Weak (feeble) effort or proposal; unconvincing argument.
bad cess: Bad luck, failure, or evil befalling.
daytrade: Alternative form of day trade
pœnitent: Archaic spelling of penitent.
ringtoss: Alternative form of ring toss
rugalach: Alternative spelling of rugelach
punt gun: A very large shotgun used in the 19th and early 20th centuries for shooting large numbers of waterfowl for commercial harvesting operations and private sport.
redemand: The repetition of a demand.
redemand: A demand for the return of a thing.
revolter: Someone who revolts; a rebel or deserter
rocketer: A bird, especially a pheasant, which, being flushed, rises straight in the air like a rocket.
beat cop: A police officer who patrols the streets on foot (walks the beat)
wet room: A bathroom (or area within a bathroom) in which a shower is not surrounded by any barrier
dry hole: A hole drilled into the ground for oil or gas exploration which fails to yield enough oil or gas to justify the establishment of a well.
dry hole: Something that brings no success or profit; a dead loss.
Drambuie: A Scottish honey-flavoured whiskey liqueur.
graphium: A stylus (for writing).
graphium: A butterfly of the genus Graphium.
proœmium: Obsolete form of proemium.
billy-oh: The greatest extent or degree of something; used in comparisons to indicate a superlative.
wussette: A female wuss.
reäction: Rare spelling of reaction.
hand axe: A stone tool made by flaking to produce an edge, used without a handle.
hand axe: A hatchet or throwing axe.
judicare: A form of legal aid in which private lawyers and law firms are paid to handle cases from eligible clients alongside the cases from their own fee-paying clients.
vote mob: A gathering of usually young people assembled for the purpose of voting in an election or encouraging youth participation in it and often organized through social media.
literata: female equivalent of literato/literatus
mentalis: A paired central muscle of the lower lip, situated at the tip of the chin; it originates in the incisive fossa of the mandible, inserts in the skin of the chin, and raises the chin and pushes up the lower lip.
tyrociny: The condition of being a tyro or beginner; apprenticeship.
notandum: Something to be noted or observed; a notable fact.
nubecula: A nebula; specifically, the Magellanic Clouds.
nubecula: A slight spot on the cornea.
nubecula: A cloudy object or appearance in urine.
canuding: Nude canoeing.
aposteme: An abscess; a pustulent swelling.
prætense: Archaic spelling of pretense.
luticole: A creature that lives, feeds, or breeds in muddy places, or even in mud itself.
æstimate: Obsolete spelling of estimate
commital: Alternative form of committal
æquation: Obsolete spelling of equation
reluctor: A toothed ring or wheel that rotates past a variable reluctance sensor.
pædology: Alternative spelling of pedology
yakimono: Grilled or broiled dishes in Japanese cuisine.
proœmion: Obsolete form of proœmium.
oryzanol: An antioxidant found in rice bran oil.
life cot: An inflatable cot for babies for use in an emergency such as evacuation from an aeroplane onto water.
nonraven: That which is not a raven.
dropable: Misspelling of droppable.
actedron: The drug amphetamine.
deviless: A female devil.
minikilt: A short kilt; a miniskirt.
ekklesia: Alternative form of ecclesia
rockfill: A dam's embankment of compacted free-draining granular earth, often containing rocks, with an impervious zone.
solœcism: Archaic spelling of solecism.
browband: Part of a horse's bridle that runs from just under one ear, across the forehead, to just under the other ear, preventing the bridle from sliding down.
browband: A band of fur of a contrasting colour on an animal's brow.
browband: A band of metal, part of a (person's) helmet or crown, which covers the brow.
koinonia: Communion by intimate participation, associated with the Christian church.
babygrow: Alternative form of babygro
long gun: A firearm, such as a shotgun or rifle, which is fired while braced against the shoulder.
thegndom: Alternative form of thanedom
defenser: Obsolete form of defender.
listview: A user interface control that can display a series of icons, possibly with accompanying text captions.
bipennis: An axe with an edge or blade on each side of the handle.
shishamo: Spirinchus lanceolatus, a Japanese smelt.
cocamine: An alkaloid found in coca.
tecnonym: Alternative form of teknonym
minilamp: A miniature lamp.
oblongum: A prolate spheroid; a figure described by the revolution of an ellipse about its greater axis.
weissite: A hexagonal copper telluride mineral.
æsthesia: Obsolete spelling of aesthesia
tollroad: Alternative form of toll road
deformer: One who, or that which, deforms.
tenoroon: tenor bassoon
fixpoint: A fixed point.
pouchful: As much as a pouch can hold.
showerer: One who showers.
informee: One who is informed, who receives information.
autonymy: The use of a symbol as a name for itself.
cognizer: One who, or that which, cognizes.
subskill: A skill that makes up part of a larger skill.
secretum: A special seal used for private correspondence.
twiblade: Twayblade.
wolfpack: A family or other group of wild wolves.
wolfpack: During World War II, any of various marauding groups of submarines, especially German submarines that patrolled the North Atlantic and preyed upon merchant ships.
mobilome: The entirety of the mobile (transposable) elements of a genome
mammilla: The nipple.
mammilla: A nipple-like object.
pehlivan: A Turkish wrestler in the sport of yağlı güreş (Turkish oil wrestling).
padfolio: A portable case that opens in the manner of a book to reveal a notepad.
lobscows: Alternative form of lobscouse
multitap: A peripheral for video game consoles that increases the number of controller ports, allowing more players to participate.
multitap: A text-entry system for mobile phones where each button has several characters, accessed in turn by repeatedly tapping the button.
preclear: One who has not yet reached a "clear" state (in which they are free from engrams).
boldhead: Boldness; courage.
2+1 road: A three-lane road with two lanes in one direction and one lane in the other.
metaplot: The overarching storyline that binds together events in a role-playing game.
plothole: Alternative spelling of plot hole
siziness: The quality of being sizy.
cashmire: Obsolete form of cashmere.
wealsman: A statesman.
pœnology: Archaic spelling of penology.
Ostender: A native or inhabitant of Ostend.
melopœia: Obsolete spelling of melopoeia
microcap: The stock of a public company with a market capitalization of roughly $300 million or less.
corncrib: Alternative form of corn crib
subworld: A world that makes up part of a larger world.
alguazil: An officer of the law in Spain or Latin America.
foreside: The front or fore part of anything; front face of a thing; front side.
foreside: The outside or external covering.
hemicube: An abstract regular polyhedron containing half the faces of a cube.
muralism: An art movement involving murals.
headwark: A headache.
surfcast: An instance of surfcasting.
headling: An equal; a fellow; mate.
headling: A chieftain.
gianduia: Alternative spelling of gianduja
portside: An area alongside a port.
portside: The port (left) side of a boat.
gigliato: A silver coin established in 1303 by Charles II of Anjou in Naples, and then also in Provence from 1330, and depicting on its reverse side a lily entwined around a cross.
truckway: A special road for the exclusive use of trucks.
divertee: One who is diverted from prison.
posthorn: Alternative form of post horn
cymbalon: Alternative form of cimbalom
dumbcane: A tropical plant of the genus Dieffenbachia.
brattish: Alternative form of brattice
copræmia: A condition caused by retention of faecal matter and its absorption into the blood.
trucklet: A small, compact truck.
soficity: The quality of being sofic.
zajacite: A rare radioactive fluoride mineral.
glacette: A form of wine cooler, in the form of a double-walled cylindrical vessel, that maintains the temperature of an already chilled bottle of wine rather than cooling it
makegame: A laughingstock; the butt of a joke.
makebate: One who excites contentions and quarrels; an instigator.
makebate: A plant, bush jasmine (Chrysojasminum fruticans, syn. Jasminum fruticans).
old salt: A seasoned sailor, especially one who is hardy and forthright in manner.
echogram: sonogram
dirtball: A dirty or sleazy person.
dormmate: One who shares the same dorm.
armónico: A stringed instrument with seven strings in six courses and one string (the middle one) doubled; it is structurally a combination of a guitar and a tres.
gonidium: A photosynthetic algal cell in the thallus of a lichen; a similar asexual reproductive cell in some algae.
gonidium: A special groove or furrow at one or both angles of the mouth of many Anthozoa.
to-night: Archaic spelling of tonight.
Java cat: Paradoxurus hermaphroditus, musang.
Pooh-Bah: Alternative form of poobah
pooh-bah: Alternative form of poobah
choragus: A chorus leader, especially one who provided at his own expense and under his own supervision one of the choruses for the musical contests at Athens.
pooh bah: Alternative form of poobah
hardhack: A plant, the steeplebush, of either species Spiraea tomentosa, of eastern North American, or Spiraea douglasii, of western North America.
lifelore: The knowledge of life or life experiences; wisdom.
lifelore: The study of life; biology.
mainspan: The length of suspended roadway between the towers of a bridge.
bushcamp: A campsite located in the bush.
dahabieh: A traditional Egyptian sailing-boat.
heuchera: Any of the genus Heuchera of herbaceous perennial plants; coral bells, alumroot.
racegoer: One who attends horse races or dog races.
minimike: A small microphone.
midslide: A point in time during a slide.
cæmentum: Archaic spelling of cementum.
stippler: An artist who uses the technique of stippling.
stippler: A brush with a spongy circle of soft bristles.
tuckeroo: A flowering tree, Cupaniopsis anacardioides, native to northern and eastern Australia.
shuttler: A badminton player.
retubing: The act of fitting with a new tube.
shehitah: The ritual slaughter of mammals and birds according to Jewish dietary laws.
camassia: Any of the genus Camassia of flowering plants, the camases.
murumuru: A rainforest palm, Astrocaryum murumuru, whose seeds contain a butter used in moisturizers.
foreflow: The act or process of foreflowing.
foreflow: That which foreflows.
foreflow: A channel or conduit which permits gases or liquids to foreflow.
tiradito: A Peruvian dish of raw fish, similar to sashimi and carpaccio, in a spicy sauce.
drag-net: Alternative form of dragnet
ponyskin: The skin of a pony.
looksism: Alternative form of lookism
minifilm: A short film.
minifilm: A 10 cm² film used for chest X-rays that requires only 2.0 mrad (as opposed to the standard film of 35 by 42.5 cm, which requires at least 9.2 mrad).
looksist: Alternative form of lookist
scorepad: A pad of paper on which the scores for a game are noted.
roastery: A place where meat, coffee, etc. is roasted.
galaxite: A brownish-red spinel mineral found in carbonate-rich metamorphosed manganese ore deposits.
foregame: An initial game plan.
foregift: A payment in advance; an advance payment or premium paid by a lessee on taking or renewing a lease, distinct from the rent.
foreking: A preceding king.
foreking: A predecessor on the throne.
Ryukyuan: A native or inhabitant of Ryukyu.
hiliting: Informal spelling of highlighting.
Palamism: The beliefs and practices of the Palamites.
Palamite: a Hesychast, an intellectual leader of the Hesychasts
showplan: A text or graphical summary of how the system plans to optimize the execution of a query.
splenius: Either of two flat oblique muscles which are attached to the vertebrae on each side of the neck and upper thoracic region and which draw back the head.
otorrhœa: Alternative spelling of otorrhea
forehold: The forward or front part of the hold of a ship.
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: mostly in two tribes of subfamily Asteroideae
fleabane: in tribe Astereae
fleabane: Conyza spp. (butterweeds or horseweed)
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: mostly in two tribes of subfamily Asteroideae
fleabane: in tribe Astereae
fleabane: Erigeron spp., especially Erigeron acre (blue fleabane)
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: mostly in two tribes of subfamily Asteroideae
fleabane: in tribe Inuleae
fleabane: Inula spp. (yellowheads)
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: mostly in two tribes of subfamily Asteroideae
fleabane: in tribe Inuleae
fleabane: Pluchea spp. (camphorweeds)
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: mostly in two tribes of subfamily Asteroideae
fleabane: in tribe Inuleae
fleabane: Pulicaria spp. (false fleabane), especially common fleabane (Pulicaria dysenterica subsp. dysenterica, formerly Inula dysenterica)
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: mostly in two tribes of subfamily Asteroideae
fleabane: Any of various species of flowering plants in certain genera in family Asteraceae, that typically repel insects:
fleabane: Also, in subfamily Cichorioideae, Vernonia spp. (ironweeds).
papahood: fatherhood
moguldom: The realm or position of moguls.
condotel: A condo-hotel.
subblock: A block (of data, etc.) making up part of a larger block.
spaewife: female fortuneteller
calanoid: Any of the order Calanoida of copepods with a joint between the fifth and sixth body segments.
cunjevoi: A coastal sea squirt, Pyura stolonifera, found in some parts of Australia and South Africa.
cunjevoi: A large flowering plant, Alocasia macrorrhizos, native to tropical islands from Asia to Australia.
mixblood: A person of mixed racial heritage.
bizspeak: The jargon used in business.
surimono: A kind of Japanese woodblock print, privately commissioned for special occasions such as the New Year.
Iscariot: A traitor.
charanga: A traditional ensemble of Cuban dance music, and the genre of music they create.
cocalero: A grower of coca leaves in Peru or Bolivia.
goldtone: A metallic gold colour, as used in some paints.
tourgoer: One who goes on a tour.
oxymetry: Alternative form of oximetry
noncolor: That which is not a color.
gearwork: A mechanical assembly of gears.
affinage: The aging of cheese as part of its manufacture.
seamhead: A devoted baseball fan.
preshift: A shift performed in advance.
kezboard: A computer keyboard whose keys are arranged in the qwertz layout.
soundbox: Alternative form of sound box
chaunter: A street seller of ballads or similar songs.
chaunter: A deceitful, tricky dealer or horse jockey.
chaunter: The chanter or flute of a bagpipe.
glue gun: Any gun-shaped device used to apply glue.
glue gun: A hot glue gun
unrepair: An unsound state, as that of a building; dilapidation.
fundoshi: A traditional Japanese men's and women's undergarment made from a length of cotton.
duopsony: An economic condition in which two buyers exert control over the market price of a commodity.
uprootal: The act or process of uprooting; the state of being uprooted.
fabulism: A literary form in which fantastical elements are placed into an everyday setting.
midstorm: A point in time during a storm.
canadine: A protoberberine alkaloid that can act as a calcium channel blocker.
backover: An accident in which a motor vehicle reverses over an unseen person.
palenque: A community of runaway slaves.
foldover: Any food prepared by folding, such as a calzone or apple turnover.
sylphide: A young sylph.
amnihook: A baton with a slightly hooked end, used to perform amniotomy.
taphouse: A tavern.
fireplay: Experimental play with fire, as by lighting matches.
fireplay: Any of various sexual practices involving fire, such as setting fire to alcohol against the skin.
papercut: Alternative form of paper cut
glamfest: A highly glamorous event.
enfolder: One who, or that which, enfolds.
farsight: The faculty of looking far ahead; farsightedness; prescience.
farmwork: The agricultural work done on a farm.
pundette: A female pundit.
uplifter: One who, or that which, uplifts.
grillade: A piece of slow-cooked meat (usually beef, veal, or pork) traditionally served with grits in New Orleans cuisine.
grillade: Any grilled food.
enstasis: Contemplation of one's own self.
haircalf: A material made from the skin, including hair, of a very young or aborted calf.
spartina: cordgrass (Spartina).
hovercam: A mobile hovering camera.
divester: One who divests.
ghassoul: A kind of saponifying vulcanic clay used for hair and skin care.
jump jet: A jet airplane with fixed wings that is capable of vertical takeoff and landing as well as hovering, and, in some cases, also capable of becoming airborne in a conventional manner by gaining airspeed on a runaway.
humuhumu: The reef triggerfish.
kept man: A man who lives off his lover.
christie: A high-speed ski turn in which the skis are kept parallel.
tanistry: A form of tenure, in ancient Scotland and Ireland, whereby succession was passed to an elected member of the same extended family.
cursitor: A courier or runner.
cursitor: A clerk in the Court of Chancery whose business is to make out original writs.
gustnado: A type of short-lived, low-level rotating cloud that can form in a severe thunderstorm.
downtick: A small decrease or downward change in something that has been steady or rising.
downtick: A stock market transaction or quote at a price below a preceding one.
gin mill: A tavern that serves gin.
offendee: One who is offended.
ambushee: One who is ambushed.
facemail: Face-to-face communication, as opposed to other non-personal forms of communication.
facemail: An email message sent via Facebook.
panchira: upskirt, panty shot
pæderast: Obsolete spelling of pederast
cardgame: Alternative form of card game
gamecard: A card used as part of a game, such as a bingo or keno card or a scratch card.
nannycam: Alternative form of nanny cam
cymarine: A cardiac glycoside obtained from plants of the genus Strophanthus.
falernum: A sweet spiced syrup used in Caribbean and tropical drinks.
klondike: Alternative form of Klondike (“source of wealth”)
werkeman: Obsolete spelling of workman
skyspace: An architectural design in which a room has a large hole in its ceiling, open to the sky.
femality: femaleness
alebench: A bench at the front of an alehouse or inn where drinkers can sit.
kilomole: An SI unit of amount of substance equal to 10³ moles. Symbol: kmol
decawatt: A unit of power equal to ten watts
kyrielle: A long rigmarole.
kyrielle: A form of French verse written in rhyming couplets or quatrains, sometimes with a religious theme.
millilux: A unit of illuminance equal to one thousandth of a lux.
microlux: A unit of illuminance or illumination, one millionth of a lux.
hong bao: Alternative form of hongbao
exajoule: An SI unit of energy equal to 10¹⁸ joules. Symbol: EJ
cohæsion: Archaic spelling of cohesion.
elderdom: Authority; dominion.
elderdom: Preeminence; superiority.
elderdom: The authority, rule, or office of an elder.
elderdom: The state of being an elder, or of being older; elderhood.
elderdom: The role or influence of an elder or elders.
vomition: The act of vomiting.
primatal: A primate.
chappati: Alternative spelling of chapatti
chupatty: Archaic spelling of chapatti.
clearage: The act of clearing or removing; clearance
clearage: A piece of land that has been cleared.
cacation: excretion
ant lion: Alternative form of antlion
perinæum: obsolete typography of perinaeum
cærimony: Archaic spelling of ceremony.
dæmonism: Alternative spelling of demonism
spetchel: A levee or dike made from stones laid in horizontal rows with a bed of thin turf between each of them.
lordling: An unimportant or petty lord.
lordling: A young lord.
playsong: A children's song involving play activities such as clapping or dancing.
backcard: The piece of card used as backing for the clear plastic bubble that contains a packaged toy.
siluroid: Alternative form of silurid
Malaitan: A native or inhabitant of Malaita.
minework: The work carried out in a mine.
brekkers: Alternative form of brekker
hornwork: A type of fortification consisting of a pair of demi-bastions with a curtain wall connecting them and with two long sides directed upon the faces of the bastions, or ravelins of the inner fortifications, so as to be defended by them.
fanziner: One who publishes or contributes to a fanzine.
ozmazome: Alternative form of osmazome
crumblet: A small crumb.
crumpler: Someone or something that crumples.
sandbell: Nama hispida (rough nama), native to the US southwest.
sandbell: A free weight for physical exercise.
smutfest: Something excessively smutty; something vulgarly sexual or pornographic.
supermod: supermoderator
modeldom: The realm or world of fashion models; models collectively.
modeldom: The state of being a fashion model.
modeldom: The industry and community of modelmaking.
modeldom: The quality or state of being a model (any sense) or exemplar.
minijeep: A small, compact jeep.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Annona glabra, a plant found in the West Indies.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Commiphora angolensis or sand corkwood, a shrub species growing mainly in Angola and Namibia.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Duboisia spp., found in Australia.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Endiandra sieberi, a corkwood from Australia in the laurel family.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Caldcluvia paniculosa, a soft barked corkwood from Australia in the coachwood family.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Entelea arborescens, a species found in New Zealand.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Erythrina vespertilio (grey corkwood), a species from Australia.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Hakea suberea, a species found in Australia.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Leitneria floridana, a species found in southeastern North America.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Melicope, a genus with species in Australia.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Musanga cecropioides or African corkwood, a species found in Africa.
corkwood: Any of numerous plants with bark or wood resembling cork, of diverse orders:
corkwood: Sesbania grandiflora, a species found in southeast Asia and northern Australia, with edible flowers.
corkwood: The wood of Quercus suber (cork oak).
birdlore: The knowledge, science, or study of birds; ornithology.
basturma: Alternative form of pastirma
instream: The act or process of streaming or flowing in.
instream: That which flows in.
fishlore: The knowledge, stories, and traditions associated with angling or fishing.
fishlore: The knowledge, science, or study of fish; ichthyology.
bastirma: Alternative form of pastirma
cowflesh: The meat or flesh of a cow; beef.
ABC book: A book that teaches the alphabet; a primer.
liftover: The distance an item must be lifted in order to load it into a vehicle.
foodshed: The region that produces the food for a particular population.
nonfiler: One who neglects to file a tax return.
woolwork: Needlework made from wool, imitating tapestry.
maracatu: A Brazilian performance genre involving parades and music.
penurity: penury
rigaudon: Alternative form of rigadoon
preparty: A party held before the start of an event, usually a public event.
megahome: A very large and luxurious home.
handsoap: A (bar or liquid) soap for the hands.
fucktard: An extraordinarily stupid person.
leadsman: lodesman (a leader or guide)
leadsman: A sailor who takes soundings with a lead, measuring the depth of water.
spookdom: The realm or sphere of spies.
pitviper: Alternative form of pit viper
maraging: A process that produces a tough, malleable form of steel (maraging steel) by means of heat treatment and precipitation hardening.
gangline: A central line connecting a sled etc. to the individual tuglines of the animals that draw it.
minicoat: A very short coat.
jazzhead: A jazz music enthusiast.
prebreak: The initial stage of processing, in which material is prebroken.
seatrout: Alternative form of sea trout
maxicoat: A woman's long coat.
nonhiker: One who is not a hiker.
ångstrom: Alternative form of angstrom
pivotman: A pivot; the soldier around whom a body of troops wheels.
pivotman: A player in a central position.
pivotman: A central or key person; someone around whom a particular project etc. rotates.
alleycat: Alternative form of alley cat
stageful: As much as a stage will hold.
stubtail: Any of the three species of passerine birds in the genus Urosphena, native to Asia.
fœderacy: Archaic spelling of federacy.
key grip: The head of the grip department, involved with lighting and camera movement.
degunker: Something that removes gunk.
splitism: Alternative form of splittism
sleazoid: A sleazy person.
splitist: Alternative form of splittist
microvan: A small, compact van, smaller than a minivan.
ballyard: A baseball field.
nonguard: One who is not a guard.
ingester: One who ingests.
promotee: One who is promoted.
taxodone: A diterpenoid found in Taxodium distichum (bald cypress), among others, that exhibits anticancer, antibacterial, antioxidant, antifungal, insecticide, and antifeedant properties.
daidzein: A particular isoflavone.
glycinol: A phytoalexin found in the soybean (Glycine max), formed by the cyclization of daidzein, with antiestrogenic activity.
glycinol: The alcohol, 2-amino-ethanol, derived from glycine
cadamine: An alkaloid derived from the tree Neolamarckia cadamba.
May wine: A German beverage, traditionally served on the May Day holiday, made with white wine and woodruff.
cartwhip: A long whip used by the driver of a cart.
laughtre: Obsolete spelling of laughter
paranœac: Obsolete form of paranoiac.
itemizer: That which itemizes.
itemizer: One who makes itemized deductions on a tax return.
degrader: One who, or that which, degrades.
boychick: Alternative form of boychik
skinsuit: A skintight suit.
stayover: A stopover.
cakiness: The quality of being caky.
batmaker: A maker of small leather shoes for children.
batmaker: A maker of bats, as for baseball.
midtrack: A point in time during an audio track.
cow town: Alternative form of cowtown
tonalist: An artist working in the style of tonalism.
hoverjet: A kind of levitating aeroplane or spacecraft.
newshand: A journalist.
tonalism: An American artistic style of the nineteenth century, characterised by landscapes with a misty atmosphere and dark, neutral hues.
rationer: One who rations.
jiujitsu: Alternative spelling of jujitsu
conibear: A kind of body-gripping trap designed to kill the trapped animal quickly.
beckoner: One who, or that which, beckons.
jailyard: A yard adjoining a prison.
jibarito: A speciality sandwich of Chicago, made with flattened fried green plantains instead of bread, a garlic-flavoured mayonnaise, and a filling that typically includes meat, cheese, lettuce, and tomato.
promwear: Clothing to be worn at a prom.
troutlet: A young trout.
underdot: A dot placed below a letter, as a diacritical mark.
stathead: A person with a keen interest in statistics, particularly in sport.
waitlist: A waiting list.
rockwork: Ornamental work done with rocks, as for example around a pond.
rockwork: The act of climbing a rock face, cliff, etc.
hæmatoma: Obsolete spelling of hematoma
dayshift: Alternative spelling of day shift
tripmate: A companion on a trip.
spearlet: A small spear.
trainway: A railway.
prædator: Obsolete spelling of predator
diwaniya: In Kuwait, a guest room where men gather to chat, eat and drink.
diwaniya: A traditional Kuwaiti social gathering in such a room.
manchego: Alternative form of Manchego
lewisite: An organoarsenic compound used as a chemical weapon.
duneland: Land where dunes are found.
phrygana: A type of low brush or scrub found around the Mediterranean especially in Greece.
halfsies: The condition of splitting something in half in order to share it.
landgrab: A landrush.
saltbush: Any of the genus Atriplex of plants, especially Atriplex hortensis or Atriplex patula, found in dry habitats, that have edible leaves resembling spinach, including many desert and seashore plants and halophytes.
saltbush: Sarcobatus vermiculatus (black greasewood, greasewood, seepwood)
saltbush: Baccharis halimifolia
piquance: piquancy; having a piquant taste.
locofoco: A match (used for making fire).
vaticide: The murder of a prophet.
vaticide: A murderer of a prophet.
oecology: Archaic form of ecology.
venthole: A hole through which gas or air can escape.
byspeech: An incidental or casual speech not directly relating to the point.
sex talk: Flirtatious conversation, used as foreplay or for seduction.
sex talk: An explanation of sex given to a child.
henhussy: A girl or woman who tends chickens.
henhussy: A man who performs tasks that traditionally belong to a woman.
henhussy: A housewife.
dry land: Land; as opposed to watery areas of the Earth's surface such as the sea.
bysitter: One sitting near or nearby.
air-pump: Alternative spelling of air pump
swim fin: flipper, footwear used while swimming for more speed
by-place: A retired place, spot, or situation; somewhere out-of-the-way.
by-cause: A secondary cause.
exergame: A video game that also provides the player with physical exercise.
Welchman: Obsolete form of Welshman.
xylorcin: A derivative of xylene obtained as a white crystalline substance that turns red on exposure to air.
loganate: A salt of loganic acid.
baicalin: A flavone, the glucuronide of baicalein, found in Scutellaria baicalensis and related plants and used in herbal medicine.
xyloidin: An explosive compound resembling pyroxylin, obtained by the action of nitric acid on starch.
xylitone: A yellow oil that is a side product of making phorone.
xeronate: Any salt of xeronic acid.
xylamide: An acid amide derivative of xylic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
plighter: One who or that which plights, engages, or pledges.
yokemate: An animal yoked with another.
yokemate: A companion.
chinazol: Alternative form of quinazol
quintole: A group of five notes to be played or sung in the time of three, four or six.
quintole: A five-stringed viol common in France in the 18th century.
qua-bird: The American night heron.
quinazol: A complex nitrogenous base related to cinnoline.
warragal: Alternative form of warrigal
footwrap: A strip of cloth worn around the feet before the wide availability of socks or to avoid chafing, absorb sweat and improve the foothold.
waketime: The time when one wakes.
waterage: A fee for transporting goods by water.
happener: One who participates in a happening.
happener: A person who makes things happen.
happener: A person to whom things happen.
happener: An event that is expected to happen; a plan that is likely to succeed.
soapbark: The bark of the evergreen tree, Quillaja saponaria, which when pulverised forms a lather with water.
soapbark: The tree Quillaja saponaria.
jaw harp: Alternative form of Jew's harp
yak lace: A coarse pillow lace made from the silky hair of the yak.
iguanian: Any of the suborder Iguania of iguanas, chameleons, agamids, and "New World lizards".
pageview: An individual viewing of a web page by a user, often counted when measuring a web site's popularity.
crapgame: A game of craps.
recamier: An old-fashioned couch with headrest and footrest.
wolfhood: The state or time of being a wolf.
limewood: The wood from the lime tree or linden tree.
furrydom: The realm or sphere of furries.
dojinshi: Alternative spelling of doujinshi
techland: The realm of modern technology, especially computing.
sub-bass: Audible sounds below 60 Hz and extending downward to the lowest frequencies humans can hear, typically 20 Hz.
art rock: A subgenre of experimental, intellectual rock music, often presented as a suite of pieces with a story or theme.
eyepatch: Alternative form of eye patch
pudicity: Modesty; chastity.
sphæroid: Archaic spelling of spheroid.
diœstrus: Archaic form of dioestrus.
præsence: Archaic form of presence.
adhæsion: Obsolete form of adhesion.
eclampsy: Alternative form of eclampsia
eelspear: A spear with barbed forks for spearing eels.
adhærent: Archaic form of adherent.
overzeal: Excessive zeal.
zampugna: Alternative form of zampogna
bombycid: Any of the moths of the family Bombycidae.
boggards: Alternative form of boggard: an outhouse.
pagandom: Collectively, pagans or their realm or lands.
steapsin: A lipase that is secreted from the pancreas to hydrolyse triglycerides to liberate the fatty acids and glycerol.
filleter: One who fillets.
New Ager: One who espouses New Age beliefs.
smilacin: sarsaparillin
yaw-weed: A low, shrubby, rubiaceous plant with white flowers, found along the seacoast of the West Indies.
partyism: Devotion to a party or faction.
Parsiism: The religion and customs of the Parsis.
subepoch: A geochronologic unit comprising one or more ages, being a period of generally agreed significance within an epoch.
papyrine: A kind of parchment made by soaking unsized paper in dilute sulphuric acid.
yoncopin: Nelumbo lutea, the American lotus, the water chinkapin.
puppydom: The state of being a puppy; puppyhood.
dwarfdom: The world of dwarfs (mythical creatures).
dwarfdom: The state of being a dwarf (the type of star, or the mythical creature).
angeldom: The world of angels.
angeldom: The state of being an angel.
videocon: videoconference
otakukin: A person who claims or believes that their soul is a reincarnation or parallel incarnation of a fictional character (especially, from anime, manga, or video games).
Mycenæan: Archaic spelling of Mycenaean.
zooecium: One of the cells or tubes which enclose the feeding zooids of Bryozoa.
zoograft: A surgical graft of tissue from an animal to a human.
parillin: sarsaparillin
ziphioid: Obsolete form of ziphiid.
periœcus: Obsolete form of perioecus.
webathon: A fundraising event carried out by means of the World Wide Web.
baselard: A type of heavy dagger popular in the 14th and 15th centuries.
rereader: One who rereads.
fakelaki: An envelope containing cash, offered as a bribe in Greece.
Betsileo: Any of a highland ethnic group of Madagascar, speaking a dialect of Malagasy.
neotenin: A juvenile hormone, present in insects, which ensures growth of the larva while preventing metamorphosis.
rerouter: One who, or that which, reroutes.
interrer: One who inters or buries.
filmzine: A zine dealing with the topic of films.
Ximenean: A cruciverbalist or crossword fan who shares Ximenes's beliefs about fair crossword setting.
hymenæal: Archaic form of hymeneal.
ægritude: Obsolete form of egritude.
egritude: Distress or sorrow.
egritude: Physical sickness.
blackism: A political movement promoting black people.
nonusage: Absence of usage; failure to use.
palmette: A motif in decorative art resembling the fan-shaped leaves of a palm tree.
macroing: The use of macros.
dyehouse: A building where dyeing takes place.
durukuli: Alternative form of douroucouli
duncedom: The realm or domain of dunces; dunces collectively.
duncedom: A dunce's condition or character.
hability: Obsolete form of ability.
Danubian: A member of one of the early human cultures which were centred in the Danube basin, such as the Linear Pottery culture or the Vučedol culture.
Danubian: Synonym of Sebastopol (“type of goose”)
hemacite: A material made from sawdust and the blood of slaughtered animals, used in the late 19th century for doorknobs, buttons, etc.
Herodian: One of a sect or party mentioned in the New Testament as having, in Galilee and Jerusalem, manifested an unfriendly disposition towards Jesus.
Nazirite: Alternative form of Nazarite
yardwand: A yardstick.
Nazarite: A Jew bound by a vow to leave the hair uncut, to abstain from alcohol, and to practice extraordinary purity of life and devotion.
sign-out: An instance of signing out; a procedure executed when exiting a facility, ending a computer session, etc.
eyepaint: A cosmetic for painting around the eyes.
traitour: Obsolete spelling of traitor
monitour: Obsolete form of monitor.
apronful: as much as an apron will hold
pompador: Nonstandard spelling of pompadour.
lifepath: One's path through life, as determined by the decisions one makes.
warriour: Obsolete spelling of warrior.
earthbag: A bag filled with earth.
Una boat: A catboat.
duckmeat: duckweed
ultrared: infrared
centiped: Archaic form of centipede.
chagreen: Alternative form of shagreen
bootheel: The heel of a boot.
bootheel: An area of land protruding south of the eastern or western end of a southern border.
myxœdema: Obsolete form of myxedema.
caratage: The measurement of the purity of gold
nancyboy: Synonym of nancy: an effeminate man, especially an effeminate homosexual.
equijoin: A join whose predicate uses only equality comparisons.
offstand: Offset; restitution.
facework: The material of the outside or front side, as of a wall or building.
facework: The communicative strategies involved in upholding face, or social prestige.
facework: work done at the face, such as the coalface
fluework: A system of organ stops in which the sound is caused by wind passing through a flue or fissure and striking an edge above; distinguished from reedwork.
frizzler: One who, or that which, frizzles.
forebeat: The primary, stronger half of a musical beat.
Feejeean: Obsolete spelling of Fijian
firefish: Any of several species of fish in the genus Nemateleotris
firefish: Any of various fish of the genera Pterois and Parapterois.
inputter: One who, or that which, inputs.
fœticide: Archaic form of foeticide.
ram-raid: Alternative spelling of ramraid
ram raid: Alternative spelling of ramraid
sparapet: the hereditary title of the military commander-in-chief in ancient Armenia
hoicking: The process of gathering mucous and phlegm in the mouth and spitting it out.
quaverer: One who quavers.
quinogen: A hypothetical radical of quinine and related alkaloids.
Thainess: The quality or state of being Thai.
quinoxyl: The hypothetical radical of certain quinone derivatives related to rhodizonic acid.
quizzism: The act or habit of quizzing.
quinible: An interval of a fifth, or a part sung with such intervals.
quiddany: A confection of quinces, in consistency between a syrup and marmalade.
quartene: butylene
oldsquaw: A medium-sized seaduck (Clangula hyemalis), now to be called a long-tailed duck.
overwrap: A secondary wrapper covering an item.
oversock: singular of oversocks
babygram: An X-ray of the entire body of an infant.
twissell: Alternative form of twissel
dysaemia: Unhealthy condition of blood.
wordlore: The science, study, or knowledge of words.
quinovin: An amorphous bitter glucoside derived from cinchona and other barks.
quitture: Obsolete form of quitter (“pus”).
softback: A softcover or paperback book.
stand-to: A state of readiness assumed by ground troops at dawn and dusk in wartime.
stand to: Alternative form of stand-to
double S: The name of the Latin-script letter ẞ.
awayness: The state or condition of being away; distance; remoteness; absence; absenteeism.
polygala: Any milkwort of the genus Polygala
leucodye: Alternative form of leuco dye
quiddler: A waster of time; an idler or dawdler.
kincajou: Archaic form of kinkajou.
quateron: Obsolete form of quadroon.
questman: One who is legally empowered to look into certain matters, especially abuses of weights and measures.
questman: A churchwarden's assistant; a sidesman.
questman: A collector of parish rents.
bootload: As much as the boot of a car can hold; a trunkload.
bootload: The work done by a boot loader; the startup of an operating system.
Atlantan: A resident of Atlanta
kakoxene: Alternative form of cacoxene
kaimacam: Obsolete form of kaimakam.
cacoxene: cacoxenite
knitback: The plant comfrey.
krumhorn: Alternative form of krummhorn
præcinct: Obsolete form of precinct.
mimetite: An arsenate mineral which forms in lead deposits, usually by the oxidation of galena and arsenopyrite.
cue card: A card with writing on it, shown to actors to remind them of their lines.
cue card: Any card serving as a prompt to a speaker.
undersky: The lower region of the sky.
tarotist: One who performs tarot readings; tarot reader.
hatesite: A website focusing on the expression of hatred towards a person or topic.
warmouth: Lepomis gulosus, a species of freshwater sunfish native to America.
washdish: A washbowl; a basin for washing.
wartweed: wartwort
autotune: Alternative form of auto-tune
whirlbat: Anything moved with a whirl, as preparatory for a blow, or to augment the force of it.
whirlbat: The cestus of ancient boxers.
wargamer: A player of war games.
whitling: A young full trout during its second season.
wartwort: Any of various plants, including Norther European species of spurge (Euphorbia) and the nipplewort (Lapsana communis), formerly believed to cure warts.
naticoid: Any creature resembling or belonging to the genus Natica.
sirvente: A typically satirical song sung by the troubadours of Provence.
noncuple: Nine beats per measure.
noncuple: The product of multiplying a given number by nine.
noncuple: A throw in which all of nine dice show the same value (an event whose probability of occurring is 1,679,616 to 1).
ecraseur: A surgical instrument intended to replace the knife in many operations, the parts operated on being severed by the crushing effect produced by the gradual tightening of a chain to avoid haemorrhage.
arbalist: Alternative form of arbalest
Aramaism: An idiom from the Aramaic language.
écraseur: Alternative form of ecraseur
lap-pool: Alternative form of lap pool
lap pool: A swimming pool in the shape of a rectangle with narrow width and extended length, designed for swimming back and forth along the length in order to practice laps.
eduction: The act of educing, of deducing: deduction.
eduction: The result of educing; something which has been educed; inference, deduction.
eduction: A process by which the Earth's crust spreads sideways and exposes deep-seated rocks.
polysomy: The condition of being polysomic.
wherenot: Other related places; wherever.
uphiller: A person traveling uphill.
intirety: Archaic spelling of entirety.
sac bunt: A sacrifice bunt.
harddisk: Alternative form of hard disk
pre-hook: A section of code that runs immediately before a hook call.
quintate: Misconstruction of quinate.
quintate: The set of the series of integers that occur between a multiple of five and the next (exclusive of those multiples).
forewalk: A gangway.
massacer: Archaic form of massacre.
homeness: The condition of being a home; homeliness, domesticity.
inhæsion: Obsolete form of inhesion.
bell boy: Alternative form of bellboy
bullyboy: Alternative form of bully boy
miniprep: A rapid, small-scale isolation of plasmid DNA from bacteria.
backgain: A relapse.
backgain: A decline; consumption.
backgain: A relapse in illness.
outsight: Sight for that which is on the outside; the ability or capacity to perceive or anticipate external things; view; outlook; perspective; power of observation.
outsight: Expectation; prospect.
outsight: Movable goods kept out of doors, such as animals, ploughs, carts, and other implements of husbandry.
ægophony: Obsolete form of egophony.
overtalk: Excessive talking.
overtalk: Simultaneous speech or talk which drowns out all other speakers.
shagbark: A North-American hickory (Carya ovata) that has shaggy bark in mature trees; shagbark hickory
shagbark: A West Indian leguminous tree, Pithecellobium micradenium.
splasher: Someone who splashes.
splasher: A guard to keep off splashes from anything; especially, one of the guards over the wheels of a carriage, locomotive, etc.
splasher: A knife (for it does wettings).
one-itis: obsession with a particular person who is idealized as the only right one to date or to marry, often without any actual relationship developments.
lifevest: Alternative form of life vest
hometime: The time when pupils go home at the end of the school day.
cephalæa: Obsolete form of cephalea.
dudeness: The state or quality of being a dude.
Chaldæan: Archaic form of Chaldean.
listicle: An article based around a list.
linolein: A triglyceride containing three linoleic acid residues
blowhorn: A device, often funnel-shaped and sometimes hand-held, which is used to emit loud sounds or amplified human speech.
liparite: A quartzose trachyte; rhyolite.
ligroine: Alternative form of ligroin
down bow: movement from the frog to the tip on the bow of a stringed instrument
dempster: Alternative form of deemster
lumachel: A grey form of limestone that contains fossil shells, and reflects a fiery play of colours
zoom box: A clickable box that maximizes a window to fill the screen or (clicked a second time) restores the window to its previous size and position.
polyfill: A synthetic textile used for bulk or insulation, e.g., in stuffed animals or coats.
polyfill: An algorithm to fill a polygon with a particular color.
polyfill: A plugin that provides the functionality of newer browsers to older versions.
lucumone: Synonym of lucumo
rereward: Obsolete spelling of rearward (in the archaic and historical military sense of rearguard and the obsolete sense of haunches, buttocks).
octavate: octave (transfiguratively)
restoral: restoration
iodamide: A particular molecule used as a contrast medium.
blogsite: A web site whose primary content is a blog.
demerara: Alternative letter-case form of Demerara
heelside: the side of the board nearest the heel.
tinworks: A factory where tin products are manufactured.
Segovian: someone from Segovia.
bandhood: The state of being a musical band.
revamper: One who revamps.
tie clip: A clip used to fasten the front and back parts of a tie.
cucullus: A hood-shaped organ, resembling a cowl or monk's hood, as of certain concave and arched sepals or petals.
cucullus: A colour marking or structure on the head somewhat resembling a hood.
drownder: A person or animal that is suffering or has suffered drowning.
drownder: That which drowns.
clatfart: Gossip.
filagree: Alternative form of filigree
townfolk: Synonym of townsfolk
prytanis: official in ancient Athens
kamancha: Alternative spelling of kamancheh
replacee: That which is replaced.
domesday: Obsolete form of doomsday.
tertiate: The third year of training in various Christian religious orders (especially the Jesuits).
tertiate: One who is in their tertiate training.
tertiate: The third classification of animals in some ranked taxonomic systems, such as that proposed by Linnaeus.
hazlenut: Misspelling of hazelnut.
foreread: A foreword; preface.
linkspam: Alternative form of link spam
Biloxian: A native or inhabitant of the city of Biloxi, Mississippi, USA.
extensin: Any of a family of flexuous, rod-like, hydroxyproline-rich glycoproteins (HRGPs) of the plant cell wall.
mushball: A variant of softball with a bigger, softer ball and no gloves or mitts worn by the fielders.
mushball: A Jovian hailstone consisting of a mix of water and ammonia.
goathood: The state or time of being a goat.
maharana: Alternative form of maharaja
palmwood: The wood of the coconut palm.
banterer: One who banters.
misyield: A bad, wrong, or incorrect yield or product.
deployer: One who, or that which, deploys.
rootworm: A worm that tunnels through the roots of young plants.
nannydom: The realm or sphere of nannies.
linework: The technique of drawing lines.
akonting: A folk lute of the Jola people of West Africa; a banjo-like instrument with a skin-headed gourd body, two long melody strings, and one short drone string.
bourride: A dish made with monkfish, mayonnaise, and a vegetable brunoise.
favourer: Alternative form of favorer
nongroup: That which is not a group.
nonbiker: One who is not a biker.
subgrant: A grant made by one organisation using funds previously granted to it by another.
dreamful: As much as one can dream about.
mistelle: A drink produced by adding alcohol to grape juice.
multikey: A multi-element key into a data structure.
entozoon: Any of various microscopic parasitic worms previously classified together under the grouping Entozoa.
grayhead: A person with gray hair; an elderly person.
foretalk: A foreword; preface.
foretalk: Small talk used prior to more meaningful conversation.
playfeer: A playfellow; a playmate.
playstow: A place for play; playground.
handpass: A pass made by holding the ball in one hand, and hitting it with the other hand.
hyperarc: A directed edge in a hypergraph.
Botocudo: One of a tribe of South American Indians of eastern Brazil.
druzhina: A retinue in the service of a chieftain in mediaeval Slavic Europe.
meekhead: The state or quality of being meek; meekness.
end line: The line at which something ends
end line: In various goal-based sports, the boundary line, running across the goal.
end line: out of bounds line under the basket
spermist: One who believed that the complete human being was contained in the sperm rather than the ovum.
darbouka: Alternative spelling of darbuka
minishow: A small show.
idolizer: One who idolizes.
melinite: A yellow clay mineral from Bavaria.
melinite: An explosive containing picric acid and guncotton.
seapower: naval military power
seapower: A country that has an effective military navy
foreacre: The headland of a ploughed field; the land at the ends of a field where the furrows cross.
yawnfest: A particularly boring event.
junkpile: A pile of junk; a scrapheap.
lookover: A brief visual inspection.
semidome: Half of a dome ("cut" vertically), used to cover a semicircular area.
ant mill: A phenomenon where a group of army ants separated from the main foraging party lose the pheromone track and begin to follow one another, forming a continuously rotating circle and eventually dying of exhaustion.
Georgism: An economic philosophy stating that things found in nature, most importantly land, belong equally to all. It is usually associated with the idea of a single tax on the value of land.
whanghee: Alternative form of whangee
slickens: The pulverised matter from a quartz mill.
slickens: The lighter soil of hydraulic mines.
astrolaw: The practice of law in outer space.
nonmover: One who does not move house.
rewriter: One who, or that which, rewrites.
rewriter: Part of a compiler that makes a second pass to fix the generated object code by implementing postconditions, patching in calls or pointers to point to the correct locations, etc.
miniloan: A loan for a small amount.
disastre: Archaic form of disaster.
treasuer: Archaic form of treasure.
Meroving: A Merovingian.
feltness: The quality of being felt.
umuzungu: Alternative form of mzungu
clownery: The behaviour of a clown; clownishness, tomfoolery.
Holstein: A breed of dairy cattle, distinctively colored in splotches of black and white.
Holstein: A breed of horse, thought to be the oldest of the warmblood breeds, used in show jumping.
pinakbet: A stew of the Philippines, consisting of mixed vegetables steamed in fish or shrimp sauce.
subbasin: A basin within a larger basin.
mancosus: mancus
dropfile: A file used by a bulletin board system (BBS) to pass information about the BBS itself and the current user to an external door.
nonmatch: That which is not a match; a mismatch.
shakings: The sweepings from a ship's deck; the refuse of cordage, canvas, etc.
firesuit: A fire-retardant suit worn in motor racing.
menippea: Alternative form of Menippea
stinkeye: Alternative form of stink eye
whiggism: Principles, philosophy, methods of the Whigs.
hand-egg: Alternative spelling of handegg
fressing: The act of eating without restraint; devouring.
timebook: A book recording the time spent on tasks by employees.
metatask: A task that deals with other tasks.
rolldown: An older form of pinball where the player rolls a ball manually down the table rather than propelling it onto the table with a plunger.
Maecenas: A generous benefactor; specifically, a patron of literature or art.
werelion: A shapeshifter who can change between lion and human form.
biclique: A special kind of bipartite graph where every vertex of the first set is connected to every vertex of the second set.
Hayekian: A proponent of the economic theories of Friedrich Hayek.
ketubbah: Alternative form of ketubah
stepmama: stepmother
bootneck: A member of the Royal Marines.
belledom: The realm or sphere of belles.
nonbirth: The absence of birth; failure to be born.
autobiog: An autobiography.
basilean: A royalist; a partisan of a king.
midcrash: A point in time during a crash.
bragfest: A song, event, etc. characterized by bragging.
poophead: An objectionable person.
megacase: A very large and complex legal case.
logaœdic: Obsolete form of logaoedic.
overpull: The amount of force that must be exerted on a pipe to pull it upward, above and beyond its own weight, due to drag and other forces.
carucage: A form of land taxation that replaced Danegeld in twelfth-century England.
carucage: The act of ploughing.
cœnœcium: Obsolete spelling of coenoecium
mozzetta: A short cape worn by some Catholic clergy.
malangan: Alternative form of malagan
keyplate: The plate that prints the detail in an image.
keyplate: A plate mounted to a door and containing the keyhole.
navalism: naval militarism
Ursuline: One of a Roman Catholic female religious order whose patron saint is Saint Ursula.
antidune: A bedform found in fluvial environments, opposing the direction of flow.
zoönosis: Alternative form of zoonosis
Cænozoic: Obsolete form of Cenozoic.
antiking: One who declares himself king in opposition to a reigning monarch, especially in an electoral monarchy.
A-pillar: The vertical support dividing a car's front windscreen from its front side windows.
B-pillar: The vertical support dividing a car's front side window from its rear or central side window.
C-pillar: The vertical support dividing a car's rear window from its rear windscreen, or, if the car has an additional window and D-pillar, the support dividing the central and rear windows.
D-pillar: The vertical support dividing a car's rear windscreen from its rear window (where the car has a central side window between the front and rear side windows; see C-pillar).
agrofuel: Any biofuel produced by agricultural means.
meatness: The quality of being meat.
lifecast: A three-dimensional copy of a living human body.
stardate: A date according to the fictional system of time measurement developed for Star Trek.
triplite: A rare manganese-bearing phosphate mineral.
bayerite: A polytype of gibbsite.
fukalite: A mineral comprising mostly calcium, oxygen, and silicon.
jimboite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing boron, manganese, and oxygen.
loparite: A granular, brittle oxide mineral of the perovskite class.
zodacite: A yellow or colourless mineral comprising mostly oxygen, calcium, iron, and phosphorus.
taseqite: A complex yellow-brown mineral found in Greenland.
chyazate: Any salt or ester of chyazic acid.
yukonite: An arsenate mineral.
evenkite: A rare hydrocarbon mineral.
nadorite: An orthorhombic brown or yellow mineral containing lead and tin.
hauerite: A manganese sulfide mineral, MnS₂, that forms reddish-brown or black octahedral crystals.
hapkeite: A meteoric mineral composed of silicon and iron.
melonite: A nickel telluride mineral.
welshite: A complex mineral containing magnesium and antimony.
meionite: A silicate mineral belonging to the scapolite group.
struvite: A hydrated magnesium-containing mineral Mg(NH₄)(PO₄)·6H₂O which is found in kidney stones associated with bacteria that cleave urea.
clog wog: A Netherlander; a Dutch person, especially an immigrant.
saponite: A trioctahedral smectite mineral.
drug dog: A detection dog trained to use its sense of smell to locate illicit substances, such as drugs, which may be carried on a person in their effects.
regrater: One who regrates.
chimbley: Alternative form of chimney
mailcart: A two-wheeled cart formerly used by postmen to deliver mail.
brandise: A three-legged stand for a pot or pan over a fire.
pihoihoi: Anthus novaeseelandiae, the Australasian pipit.
bookware: Software that is published in, or distributed with, a book.
gownsman: One whose professional habit is a gown, such as a divine, a lawyer, or a member of certain English universities.
gownsman: A civilian, in distinction from a soldier.
flirtini: A cocktail of vodka, champagne and pineapple juice.
sneaksby: A paltry person; a sneak.
quizzery: mockery; teasing or playing pranks
Paganini: One of a set of blocks for raising the height of a person or equipment.
vendable: Alternative form of vendible
pursuite: Obsolete form of pursuit.
kligrapp: A secretary in the Ku Klux Klan.
maffling: A simpleton.
gekkonid: Any member of the family Gekkonidae, the largest family of geckos.
subquest: A secondary quest that forms part of a larger quest.
yixunite: An isometric-hexoctahedral bright white mineral containing indium and platinum.
yoderite: A monoclinic-sphenoidal mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and silicon.
wicksite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
nonchain: A retail outlet that is not a chain.
voltaite: An isometric-hexoctahedral mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, potassium, and sulfur.
osarsite: A monoclinic-prismatic gray mineral containing arsenic, osmium, ruthenium, and sulfur.
splocket: Alternative spelling of sprocket
splocket: A wheel with projections from its rim that fit and interact with the links of a chain.
splocket: Alternative spelling of sprocket
splocket: A triangular timber frame.
baricite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, iron, magnesium, oxygen, and phosphorus.
queitite: A monoclinic-sphenoidal mineral containing lead, oxygen, silicon, sulfur, and zinc.
altisite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing aluminum, chlorine, oxygen, potassium, silicon, sodium, and titanium.
shweshwe: A patterned South African fabric.
tavorite: A triclinic mineral containing hydrogen, iron, lithium, oxygen, and phosphorus.
stottite: A tetragonal-dipyramidal mineral containing germanium, hydrogen, iron, and oxygen.
superhub: A large, major hub.
tsumoite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral silver white mineral containing bismuth and tellurium.
turanite: An olive green mineral containing copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and vanadium.
velikite: A tetragonal-scalenohedral mineral containing copper, mercury, sulfur, and tin.
vanalite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, oxygen, sodium, and vanadium.
varulite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing calcium, iron, manganese, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
tuzlaite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and sodium.
cattiite: A triclinic-pinacoidal colorless mineral containing hydrogen, iron, magnesium, oxygen, and phosphorus.
ursilite: An orthorhombic mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, silicon, and uranium.
umohoite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing hydrogen, molybdenum, oxygen, and uranium.
cesanite: A hexagonal-trigonal dipyramidal mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, sodium, and sulfur.
tilasite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing arsenic, calcium, fluorine, magnesium, and oxygen.
vanoxite: A trigonal mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, and vanadium.
bazirite: A hexagonal-ditrigonal dipyramidal colorless mineral containing barium, oxygen, silicon, and zirconium.
sclarite: A monoclinic-prismatic colorless mineral containing carbon, hydrogen, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and zinc.
ixiolite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing iron, manganese, niobium, oxygen, tantalum, and tin.
kampfite: A monoclinic-domatic light blue gray mineral containing aluminum, barium, carbon, chlorine, oxygen, silicon, sodium, strontium, and titanium.
jonesite: A monoclinic-prismatic colorless mineral containing aluminum, barium, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, silicon, sodium, and titanium.
jeromite: An amorphous mineral containing arsenic, selenium, and sulfur.
smithite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing arsenic, silver, and sulfur.
kasolite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, lead, oxygen, silicon, and uranium.
jeppeite: A monoclinic-prismatic black mineral containing barium, iron, oxygen, potassium, and titanium.
kieftite: An isometric-diploidal tin white mineral containing antimony and cobalt.
kegelite: A monoclinic mineral containing aluminum, carbon, hydrogen, lead, oxygen, silicon, and sulfur.
pellyite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing barium, calcium, iron, magnesium, oxygen, and silicon.
iwakiite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal greenish black mineral containing iron, manganese, and oxygen.
sweetite: A tetragonal-trapezohedral mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, and zinc.
proudite: A monoclinic-prismatic silver gray mineral containing antimony, bismuth, copper, lead, selenium, silver, and sulfur.
hypoderm: Alternative form of hypodermis
roselite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing arsenic, calcium, cobalt, hydrogen, magnesium, and oxygen.
aleksite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral steel gray mineral containing bismuth, lead, sulfur, and tellurium.
aplowite: A monoclinic-prismatic pink mineral containing cobalt, hydrogen, manganese, nickel, oxygen, and sulfur.
anyuiite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing antimony, gold, and lead.
alvanite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, nickel, oxygen, vanadium, and zinc.
twinnite: A triclinic-pinacoidal black mineral containing antimony, arsenic, lead, and sulfur.
weeksite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal yellow mineral containing barium, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and uranium.
weberite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, fluorine, magnesium, and sodium.
alderfly: A member of any one of the 66 species of the family Sialidae of megalopteran insects, each specimen of which has a body length not exceeding one inch and possesses long filamentous antennae and four large dark wings.
alderfly: An artificial fly with brown mottled wings, body of peacock harl, and black legs.
winchite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and sodium.
wiserite: A tetragonal-dipyramidal mineral containing boron, chlorine, hydrogen, manganese, and oxygen.
wonesite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, fluorine, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and sodium.
wolfeite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, iron, manganese, oxygen, and phosphorus.
kleinite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal mineral containing chlorine, hydrogen, mercury, nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
kuzelite: A trigonal-pyramidal white mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
kirkiite: A monoclinic-prismatic tin white mineral containing arsenic, bismuth, lead, and sulfur.
kitkaite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral yellow gray mineral containing nickel, selenium, and tellurium.
kuramite: A tetragonal-scalenohedral neutral gray mineral containing copper, sulfur, and tin.
gananite: An isometric-hextetrahedral gray mineral containing bismuth and fluorine.
koktaite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
gowerite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, and oxygen.
flinkite: A mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, manganese, and oxygen.
goyazite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, and strontium.
freedite: A monoclinic-prismatic greenish yellow mineral containing arsenic, chlorine, copper, lead, and oxygen.
geminite: A triclinic mineral containing arsenic, copper, hydrogen, and oxygen.
fluckite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing arsenic, calcium, hydrogen, manganese, and oxygen.
foordite: A monoclinic-prismatic brownish yellow mineral containing niobium, oxygen, tantalum, and tin.
asbolane: A hexagonal mineral containing calcium, cobalt, hydrogen, manganese, nickel, and oxygen.
davanite: A triclinic-pinacoidal colorless mineral containing oxygen, potassium, silicon, and titanium.
colusite: An isometric-hextetrahedral bronze mineral containing antimony, arsenic, copper, germanium, sulfur, tin, and vanadium.
symesite: A triclinic-pinacoidal pink mineral with the chemical formula Pb₁₀(SO₄)O₇Cl₄ · H₂O.
ericaite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing boron, chlorine, iron, magnesium, manganese, and oxygen.
cookeite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, lithium, oxygen, and silicon.
faustite: A triclinic-pinacoidal apple green mineral containing aluminum, copper, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, and zinc.
doziness: The state of being dozy.
dixenite: A trigonal-pyramidal mineral containing arsenic, copper, hydrogen, iron, manganese, oxygen, and silicon.
batisite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing barium, oxygen, potassium, silicon, sodium, and titanium.
arakiite: A monoclinic-domatic mineral containing aluminum, arsenic, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and zinc.
cejkaite: A triclinic mineral containing carbon, iron, magnesium, oxygen, sodium, and uranium.
bederite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
ewaldite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal pyramidal mineral containing barium, calcium, carbon, cerium, oxygen, sodium, strontium, and yttrium.
ehrleite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing beryllium, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, and zinc.
boggsite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
eifelite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal mineral containing magnesium, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and sodium.
eitelite: A trigonal-rhombohedral mineral containing carbon, magnesium, oxygen, and sodium.
eyselite: An orthorhombic mineral containing gallium, germanium, hydrogen, iron, and oxygen.
evansite: An amorphous mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, oxygen, and phosphorus.
nahpoite: A monoclinic white mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
imgreite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal pale rose red mineral containing nickel and tellurium.
natanite: An isometric-hexoctahedral greenish brown mineral containing hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and tin.
boothite: A monoclinic-prismatic blue mineral containing cobalt, copper, hydrogen, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, sulfur, and zinc.
henryite: An isometric gray mineral containing copper, silver, and tellurium.
dellaite: A triclinic-pinacoidal colorless mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
awaruite: An isometric-hexoctahedral mineral containing iron and nickel.
doyleite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, and oxygen.
ohmilite: A monoclinic-prismatic light pink mineral containing hydrogen, iron, oxygen, silicon, strontium, and titanium.
wikitext: A lightweight markup language used to format and structure pages in wikis.
wikitext: Content that has been marked up with such a language.
heneuite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing calcium, carbon, hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, and phosphorus.
luzonite: A tetragonal-scalenohedral pale brownish pink mineral containing arsenic, copper, and sulfur.
jamesite: A triclinic-pinacoidal reddish brown mineral containing arsenic, iron, lead, oxygen, and zinc.
likasite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal blue mineral containing copper, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen.
majakite: A hexagonal gray white mineral containing arsenic, nickel, and palladium.
owensite: An isometric-hexoctahedral black mineral containing barium, copper, iron, lead, nickel, and sulfur.
bearsite: A monoclinic white mineral containing arsenic, beryllium, hydrogen, and oxygen.
jalpaite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing copper, silver, and sulfur.
orickite: A hexagonal brass yellow mineral containing copper, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and sulfur.
olympite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal colorless mineral containing lithium, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
ingodite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral silver white mineral containing bismuth, sulfur, and tellurium.
inderite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing boron, hydrogen, magnesium, and oxygen.
irarsite: An isometric-diploidal iron black mineral containing arsenic, iridium, platinum, rhodium, ruthenium, and sulfur.
ourayite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal gray mineral containing bismuth, lead, silver, and sulfur.
orcelite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal pyramidal orange white mineral containing arsenic and nickel.
iltisite: A hexagonal-trapezohedral mineral containing bromine, chlorine, mercury, silver, and sulfur.
ikranite: A trigonal-ditrigonal pyramidal brownish yellow mineral containing calcium, cerium, chlorine, fluorine, hafnium, hydrogen, iron, lanthanum, manganese, neodymium, niobium, oxygen, potassium, silicon, sodium, strontium, titanium, and zirconium.
innelite: A triclinic-pedial mineral containing barium, calcium, fluorine, hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, potassium, silicon, sodium, sulfur, and titanium.
ecdemite: A tetragonal mineral containing arsenic, chlorine, lead, and oxygen.
ephesite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, lithium, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
ercitite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, iron, manganese, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
imhofite: A monoclinic-prismatic copper red mineral containing arsenic, copper, sulfur, and thallium.
yftisite: A yellow mineral containing mostly yttrium, oxygen, and fluorine.
ernstite: A monoclinic yellow brown mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, manganese, oxygen, and phosphorus.
eugenite: An isometric-hextetrahedral silver white mineral containing mercury and silver.
eclarite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing bismuth, copper, iron, lead, and sulfur.
ellisite: A trigonal-ditrigonal pyramidal dark gray mineral containing arsenic, sulfur, and thallium.
elpidite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, sodium, and zirconium.
edgarite: A hexagonal-trapezohedral similar to molybdenite mineral containing iron, niobium, and sulfur.
vasilite: An isometric-hextetrahedral steel gray mineral containing copper, palladium, sulfur, and tellurium.
orpheite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, lead, oxygen, phosphorus, and sulfur.
biehlite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing antimony, arsenic, molybdenum, and oxygen.
oxammite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal mineral containing carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen.
vitimite: A monoclinic white mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
tokkoite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing calcium, fluorine, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, and silicon.
sorbyite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing antimony, arsenic, lead, and sulfur.
tucekite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal light yellow mineral containing antimony, nickel, and sulfur.
sturtite: An amorphous black mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and silicon.
sonolite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing fluorine, hydrogen, manganese, oxygen, and silicon.
eakerite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and tin.
takovite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral mineral containing aluminum, carbon, hydrogen, nickel, and oxygen.
loseyite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing carbon, hydrogen, manganese, oxygen, and zinc.
danbaite: An isometric mineral containing copper and zinc.
liberite: A monoclinic-domatic mineral containing beryllium, lithium, oxygen, and silicon.
faheyite: A hexagonal-trapezohedral mineral containing beryllium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and phosphorus.
tancoite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, lithium, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
bararite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral white mineral containing fluorine, hydrogen, nitrogen, and silicon.
danalite: An isometric-hextetrahedral mineral containing beryllium, iron, oxygen, silicon, and sulfur.
konyaite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, sodium, and sulfur.
brassite: A basic magnesium arsenate mineral from the Czech Republic.
braggite: A tetragonal-dipyramidal steel gray mineral containing nickel, palladium, platinum, and sulfur.
mroseite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing calcium, carbon, oxygen, and tellurium.
bakerite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
ten sack: A bag containing ten dollars' worth of a drug, especially marijuana.
leiteite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing arsenic, oxygen, and zinc.
downrush: A rushing down.
lisetite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal colorless mineral containing aluminum, calcium, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
downcome: A tumbling or falling down; a sudden or heavy fall; an overthrow; ruin; destruction.
downcome: In ironmaking, a pipe that leads combustible gases downward from the top of the blast furnace to the hot-blast stoves, boilers, etc., where they are burned.
downcome: A downpour of rain.
gupeiite: An isometric-hexoctahedral mineral containing iron and silicon.
ravatite: A monoclinic-sphenoidal mineral containing carbon and hydrogen.
marshite: An isometric-hextetrahedral mineral containing copper and iodine.
krutaite: An isometric-diploidal gray mineral containing copper and selenium.
talliage: Obsolete spelling of tallage (tax).
kolymite: An isometric-hextetrahedral mineral containing copper and mercury.
tobelite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, potassium, and silicon.
small ad: A short, simple advertisement in a newspaper or magazine, usually collected in a section.
mungbean: Alternative form of mung bean
apachite: A monoclinic blue mineral containing copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
anapaite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and phosphorus.
anduoite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal lead gray mineral containing arsenic, osmium, and ruthenium.
arzakite: A monoclinic mineral containing bromine, chlorine, mercury, and sulfur.
andorite: A white mineral containing antimony, lead, silver, and sulfur.
apuanite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal black mineral containing antimony, iron, oxygen, and sulfur.
aurorite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, manganese, oxygen, and silver.
belloite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing chlorine, copper, hydrogen, and oxygen.
bavenite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing aluminum, beryllium, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
benauite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral mineral containing barium, hydrogen, iron, lead, oxygen, phosphorus, strontium, and sulfur.
barylite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing barium, beryllium, oxygen, and silicon.
boyleite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, sulfur, and zinc.
bilinite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and sulfur.
brenkite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal colorless mineral containing calcium, carbon, fluorine, and oxygen.
brockite: A hexagonal-trapezohedral mineral containing calcium, cerium, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, and thorium.
bukovite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing copper, iron, selenium, and thallium.
burnsite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal dark red mineral containing cadmium, chlorine, copper, oxygen, potassium, and selenium.
bystrite: A trigonal-ditrigonal pyramidal yellow mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, silicon, sodium, and sulfur.
caresite: A trigonal-trapezohedral mineral containing aluminum, carbon, hydrogen, iron, and oxygen.
canasite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing calcium, fluorine, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and sodium.
armenite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing aluminum, barium, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
claraite: A triclinic blue mineral containing carbon, copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and zinc.
caminite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, and sulfur.
clairite: A triclinic yellow mineral containing hydrogen, iron, nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
chiluite: A hexagonal yellow mineral containing bismuth, molybdenum, oxygen, and tellurium.
chiolite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, fluorine, and sodium.
cosalite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing bismuth, lead, and sulfur.
cubanite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing copper, iron, and sulfur.
fedorite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing aluminum, calcium, fluorine, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and sodium.
fahleite: An orthorhombic mineral containing arsenic, calcium, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and zinc.
fersmite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing calcium, cerium, fluorine, hydrogen, niobium, oxygen, sodium, tantalum, thorium, titanium, and yttrium.
thickwit: A stupid person.
gaultite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, sodium, and zinc.
feruvite: A trigonal-ditrigonal pyramidal mineral containing aluminum, boron, calcium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, oxygen, silicon, sodium, and titanium.
gilalite: A monoclinic mineral containing copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
gugiaite: A tetragonal-scalenohedral colorless mineral containing beryllium, calcium, oxygen, and silicon.
ginorite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, and oxygen.
gordaite: A trigonal-pyramidal sulfate chloride mineral with the chemical formula NaZn₄(SO₄)(OH)₆Cl · 6H₂O.
guildite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing copper, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and sulfur.
groutite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal blue black mineral containing hydrogen, manganese, and oxygen.
grossite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, calcium, and oxygen.
gyrolite: A hexagonal-pyramidal mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
hatchite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing arsenic, lead, silver, sulfur, and thallium.
hemloite: A triclinic-pinacoidal gray mineral containing aluminum, antimony, arsenic, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, titanium, and vanadium.
hemusite: An isometric gray mineral containing copper, molybdenum, sulfur, and tin.
huangite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
heideite: A monoclinic-prismatic steel gray mineral containing chromium, iron, sulfur, and titanium.
hauckite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal mineral containing carbon, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, sulfur, and zinc.
graemite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and tellurium.
hoganite: A monoclinic-prismatic bluish green mineral containing carbon, copper, hydrogen, iron, and oxygen.
kolarite: An orthorhombic gray mineral containing chlorine, lead, and tellurium.
kanemite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
kellyite: A hexagonal-pyramidal mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and silicon.
kenyaite: A monoclinic white mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
kulanite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, barium, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and phosphorus.
krausite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, iron, oxygen, potassium, and sulfur.
kulkeite: A monoclinic colorless mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
krautite: A monoclinic-sphenoidal light pink mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, manganese, and oxygen.
kolicite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal yellow orange mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, manganese, oxygen, silicon, and zinc.
lapieite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal steel gray mineral containing antimony, copper, nickel, and sulfur.
larosite: An orthorhombic black mineral containing bismuth, copper, lead, silver, and sulfur.
lesukite: An isometric-hexoctahedral mineral containing aluminum, chlorine, hydrogen, and oxygen.
liottite: A hexagonal-ditrigonal dipyramidal colorless mineral with the chemical formula (Na,K)₁₆Ca₈(Al₆Si₆O₂₄)₃(SO₄)₅Cl₄.
leakeite: A monoclinic-prismatic dark red mineral containing hydrogen, iron, lithium, magnesium, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
lueshite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal mineral containing niobium, oxygen, and sodium.
madocite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal grayish black mineral containing antimony, arsenic, lead, and sulfur.
makatite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
malanite: An isometric-hexoctahedral mineral containing copper, iridium, platinum, and sulfur.
mapimite: A monoclinic-domatic mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and zinc.
matraite: A trigonal-ditrigonal pyramidal brownish yellow mineral containing sulfur and zinc.
mawbyite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, iron, lead, oxygen, and zinc.
mayenite: An isometric-hextetrahedral colorless mineral containing aluminum, calcium, and oxygen.
miassite: An isometric-hexoctahedral gray mineral containing rhodium and sulfur.
milarite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, beryllium, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, and silicon.
kozulite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, manganese, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
miersite: An isometric-hextetrahedral mineral containing copper, iodine, and silver.
mooreite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing hydrogen, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, sulfur, and zinc.
maricite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing iron, oxygen, phosphorus, and sodium.
monetite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and phosphorus.
munirite: A monoclinic-prismatic pearl white mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, sodium, and vanadium.
mummeite: A monoclinic-prismatic silver gray mineral containing bismuth, copper, lead, silver, and sulfur.
nasinite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal white mineral containing boron, hydrogen, oxygen, and sodium.
namibite: A monoclinic dark green mineral containing bismuth, copper, oxygen, and vanadium.
namuwite: A hexagonal mineral containing copper, hydrogen, oxygen, sulfur, and zinc.
nasonite: A hexagonal-dipyramidal white mineral containing calcium, chlorine, lead, oxygen, and silicon.
misenite: A monoclinic mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, and sulfur.
nolanite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal pyramidal black mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, titanium, and vanadium.
natisite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing oxygen, silicon, sodium, and titanium.
padmaite: An isometric-tetartoidal yellow mineral containing bismuth, palladium, and selenium.
partzite: An isometric-hexoctahedral mineral containing antimony, copper, hydrogen, and oxygen.
nevskite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral lead gray mineral containing bismuth, selenium, and sulfur.
pekovite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal colorless mineral containing boron, oxygen, silicon, and strontium.
pinchite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing chlorine, mercury, and oxygen.
pillaite: A monoclinic-prismatic black mineral containing antimony, chlorine, copper, lead, oxygen, and sulfur.
perryite: A trigonal-ditrigonal pyramidal gray white mineral containing iron, nickel, phosphorus, and silicon.
pavonite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing bismuth, copper, lead, silver, and sulfur.
pascoite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, and vanadium.
pinalite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing chlorine, lead, oxygen, and tungsten.
piretite: An orthorhombic lemon yellow mineral containing calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, selenium, and uranium.
poubaite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral silver white mineral containing bismuth, lead, selenium, sulfur, and tellurium.
pottsite: A tetragonal-trapezohedral bright yellow mineral containing bismuth, hydrogen, lead, oxygen, and vanadium.
poughite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, iron, oxygen, sulfur, and tellurium.
pimelite: A hexagonal mineral containing hydrogen, nickel, oxygen, and silicon.
novakite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing arsenic, copper, and silver.
potarite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal silver white mineral containing mercury and palladium.
priceite: A monoclinic-prismatic white mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, and oxygen.
raadeite: A colorless mineral, heptamagnesium diphosphate octahydroxy: Mg₇(PO₄)₂(OH)₈.
reyerite: A trigonal-rhombohedral mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, silicon, and sodium.
ribbeite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal pink mineral containing hydrogen, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, and silicon.
rorisite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal colorless mineral containing calcium, chlorine, fluorine, and magnesium.
rouseite: A triclinic yellow orange mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, lead, manganese, and oxygen.
rosiaite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral mineral containing antimony, lead, and oxygen.
refikite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal white mineral containing carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
rengeite: A monoclinic-prismatic dark greenish brown mineral containing calcium, lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium, neodymium, samarium, oxygen, silicon, strontium, titanium, and zirconium.
roaldite: An isometric-hextetrahedral tin white mineral containing iron, nickel, and nitrogen.
rebulite: A monoclinic-prismatic dark gray mineral containing antimony, arsenic, sulfur, and thallium.
salesite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing copper, hydrogen, iodine, and oxygen.
ruarsite: A monoclinic-prismatic grayish white mineral containing arsenic, ruthenium, and sulfur.
sakhaite: An isometric-gyroidal mineral containing boron, calcium, carbon, hydrogen, magnesium, and oxygen.
roxbyite: A monoclinic-prismatic bluish black mineral containing copper and sulfur.
sedovite: An orthorhombic mineral containing molybdenum, oxygen, and uranium.
sharpite: An orthorhombic mineral containing calcium, carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and uranium.
shigaite: A trigonal-rhombohedral mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, manganese, oxygen, and sulfur.
shandite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral brass yellow mineral containing lead, nickel, and sulfur.
scawtite: A monoclinic-prismatic colorless mineral containing calcium, carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and silicon.
sigloite: A triclinic-pinacoidal mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, and phosphorus.
simonite: A monoclinic-prismatic red mineral containing arsenic, mercury, sulphur, and thallium.
smythite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral pinkish cream mineral containing iron, nickel, and sulfur.
spadaite: An orthorhombic mineral containing hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, and silicon.
sorosite: A hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal pinkish tin white mineral containing antimony, copper, and tin.
suessite: An isometric-hexoctahedral gray white mineral containing iron, nickel, and silicon.
teineite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal mineral containing copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and tellurium.
smirnite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing bismuth, oxygen, and tellurium.
soddyite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and uranium.
theisite: An orthorhombic mineral containing antimony, arsenic, copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and zinc.
tivanite: A monoclinic-prismatic black mineral containing hydrogen, oxygen, titanium, and vanadium.
tunisite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing aluminum, calcium, carbon, chlorine, hydrogen, oxygen, and sodium.
taramite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, calcium, hydrogen, iron, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
traskite: A hexagonal-ditrigonal dipyramidal brownish red mineral containing aluminum, barium, calcium, chlorine, fluorine, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, silicon, strontium, and titanium.
terskite: An orthorhombic-pyramidal mineral containing hydrogen, manganese, oxygen, silicon, sodium, and zirconium.
tounkite: A hexagonal-trapezohedral mineral with the chemical formula (Na,Ca,K)₈(Al₆Si₆O₂₄)(SO₄)₂Cl · H₂O.
God slot: The time in a television schedule set aside for religious broadcasting.
hashbang: A shebang (#! character sequence).
tosudite: An orthorhombic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, magnesium, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
newshole: Alternative form of news hole
howieite: A triclinic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
combeite: A trigonal-trapezohedral colorless mineral containing calcium, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
hanksite: A hexagonal-dipyramidal mineral containing carbon, chlorine, oxygen, potassium, sodium, and sulfur.
kalinite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, hydrogen, oxygen, potassium, and sulfur.
creedite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing aluminum, calcium, fluorine, hydrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
lyonsite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal black mineral containing copper, iron, oxygen, and vanadium.
linarite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing copper, hydrogen, lead, oxygen, and sulfur.
homilite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing boron, calcium, iron, magnesium, oxygen, and silicon.
nabesite: An orthorhombic-disphenoidal mineral containing beryllium, hydrogen, oxygen, silicon, and sodium.
sabieite: A trigonal-trapezohedral white mineral containing hydrogen, iron, nitrogen, oxygen, and sulfur.
pabstite: A hexagonal-ditrigonal dipyramidal mineral containing barium, oxygen, silicon, tin, and titanium.
nobleite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing boron, calcium, hydrogen, and oxygen.
cohenite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal yellowish white mineral containing carbon, cobalt, iron, and nickel.
sellaite: A tetragonal-ditetragonal dipyramidal mineral containing fluorine and magnesium.
nelenite: A trigonal-hexagonal scalenohedral brown mineral containing arsenic, hydrogen, iron, magnesium, manganese, oxygen, silicon, and zinc.
rosasite: A monoclinic-prismatic mineral containing carbon, copper, hydrogen, oxygen, and zinc.
teallite: An orthorhombic-dipyramidal mineral containing lead, sulfur, and tin.
stolzite: A tetragonal-dipyramidal mineral containing lead, oxygen, and tungsten.
parisite: A rare mineral consisting of cerium, lanthanum and calcium fluorocarbonate.
molysite: A trigonal-rhombohedral mineral containing chlorine and iron.
vartabed: Alternative form of vardapet
varletry: The rabble; the crowd; the mob.
valerone: A ketone, 2,6-dimethyl-4-heptanone, obtained from isovaleric acid
cerolite: Alternative form of kerolite
voltzite: An oxysulfide of lead occurring in implanted spherical globules of a yellowish or brownish colour.
volumist: The author of a volume.
kerolite: A metamorphic nickel-bearing phyllosilicate mineral similar to talc and serpentine.
vomicine: brucine
vadimony: A bond or pledge for appearance before a judge on a certain day.
keramics: Dated form of ceramics.
pahautea: A New Zealand tree, Libocedrus bidwillii.
knotwort: A small, herbaceous, trailing plant of the species Illecebrum verticillatum (coral necklace).
jacconet: Alternative form of jaconet
kreosote: Archaic form of creosote.
spandite: A combination of spessartine and andradite. Ca-Fe-rich spessartine or Mn-Al-rich andradite.
vamplate: A round of iron on the shaft of a tilting lance, to stabilize and protect the hand.
eggfruit: A fruit, the canistel.
eggfruit: Another fruit, the lucmo.
minicell: An achromosomal cell resulting from aberrant cell division, containing RNA and protein but little or no chromosomal DNA.
votaress: A female votary.
dasyclad: Any of the order Dasycladales of green algae.
antifoam: Any chemical agent that inhibits the formation of foam.
farmwear: Clothing designed to be worn while doing farm work.
champeta: A form of local independent music from Colombia.
skycycle: A bicycle capable of levitation.
dialyser: Alternative form of dialyzer
ballache: A nuisance.
armguard: A protective cover for the arm.
cataraft: A long raft with two pontoons, capable of carrying more than one person.
simolean: Alternative form of simoleon
taxodium: Any of the genus Taxodium of flood-tolerant conifers in the cypress family.
autoplay: Any software feature that plays (a video, a compact disc, etc.) automatically.
imesatin: A dark yellow crystalline substance obtained by the action of ammonia on isatin.
diemaker: Someone who makes dies (devices for cutting shapes).
raftmate: One who travels on the same raft.
winddown: The process of winding something down.
plankway: A walkway consisting of a series of planks.
acidemia: Alternative form of acidaemia
moonball: A medium-high offensive lob hit with topspin.
washover: The sediment deposited inland of a beach by overwash.
actoress: Alternative form of actress
japester: One who japes; a jester or prankster.
everyguy: A typical guy; an unremarkable man.
minisite: A small web site.
Rumelian: A native or inhabitant of Rumelia.
shopkeep: A shopkeeper.
shuckery: The art of shucking corn.
gridwork: Work in the form of a grid.
gushfest: An effusive outpouring of words.
Zabaleen: Alternative form of Zabbaleen
salesboy: A boy who sells goods in a retail establishment; a young salesman.
hallmate: One who lives in the same hall of residence.
hindfoot: A rear foot.
midglide: A point in time during a glide.
Simonism: simony
tramstop: A designated point where trams stop to allow passengers to leave or board.
stitcher: One who stitches.
Mirabell: mirabelle plum
selfmate: A chess problem in which the white player, moving first, must force the black player to deliver checkmate within a specified number of moves.
postback: The transmission of data back to the same web page by means of HTTP POST.
foodgasm: A pleasurable sensation from eating food.
antimask: Obsolete form of antimasque.
cagework: A cage or cage-like structure.
rumourer: One who rumours; a teller of news; a spreader of reports.
suck out: An instance of winning a hand by sucking out.
Chartist: A supporter of the Chartism reform movement in the United Kingdom.
conarion: pineal gland.
preshave: A lotion used to prepare the skin for shaving, especially when using an electric shaver
sea-coal: Alternative spelling of seacoal
hazarder: One who ventures or hazards.
hazarder: A player at cards or dice; gamester.
goalline: Alternative form of goal line
routeman: A salesman who has a particular route.
lens cap: The detachable cap that protects the camera lens when the camera is not in use.
idylatry: The state of being idyllic.
gateline: A row of turnstiles allowing passengers to enter or exit on inserting a ticket.
sex drug: Any of the medications, supplements, or recreational drugs typically associated with sexual encounters, especially party and play and erectile dysfunction drugs.
valiancy: Valour, bravery.
donatrix: Female donator.
foursies: A call in any children's game, such as jacks, where four actions must be performed.
presider: Someone who presides; a leader, an overseer, a president.
downdraw: A downdraft.
horsecar: A streetcar or tram drawn by a horse.
fivesies: A call in any children's game, such as jacks, where five actions must be performed.
jamdanee: Archaic form of jamdani.
jaborine: An alkaloid found in jaborandi leaves, resembling atropine.
affectee: One who, or that which, is affected.
visitour: Obsolete form of visitor.
sulfacid: thioacid
senatour: Archaic form of senator.
justicer: One who administers justice, particularly a judge.
geropiga: Alternative form of jeropiga
heniquen: Alternative form of henequen
jeniquen: Alternative form of henequen
jasponyx: A form of onyx, part or all of whose layers consist of jasper.
jelerang: A large squirrel of Java and Southern Asia.
Indology: The academic study of the history, culture, and languages of the Indian subcontinent.
hardtail: (A) jack (edible fish of the genus Caranx or Trachurus).
hardtail: A bicycle or motorcycle without rear suspension.
hardtail: A small scombrid, especially a little tunny or bonito.
damewort: dame's rocket, Hesperis matronalis.
daturine: atropine
daturine: hyoscyamine
day lily: Alternative form of daylily
uncapper: One who, or that which, removes a cap or lid.
deafmute: Alternative form of deaf-mute
baby bat: A fledgling member of the goth subculture.
unfolder: One who, or that which, unfolds.
rutylene: A liquid hydrocarbon, C₁₀H₁₈, of the acetylene series.
rubywood: red sandalwood, Pterocarpus santalinus
runology: The academic study of Runic alphabets and inscriptions and their history.
Darbyite: A member of the Exclusive Brethren.
qabalism: Alternative form of cabalism
pristane: A natural saturated terpenoid alkane, 2,6,10,14-tetramethylpentadecane, used as a lubricant, an anticorrosion agent, and in medical research
nonylene: Any of a series of metameric unsaturated hydrocarbons, C₉H₁₈, of the ethylene series.
Qadarite: A member of the Qadariyya, an early Islamic movement which held that man was endowed by God with free will.
qalandar: A wandering ascetic Sufi dervish.
nonclaim: Failure to make a legal claim.
rabicano: Coloured mostly red, bay, or black, with flecks of white or grey especially on the flanks.
halazone: p-sulphondichloraminobenzoic acid, a disinfectant used to sterilize water.
halazone: A tablet of this disinfectant.
wedbreak: An adulterer.
hair pie: The external female genitalia with an unshaven mons veneris.
hair pie: Cunnilingus.
shitneck: An idiot; an objectionable person.
tangyuan: A Chinese food made from glutinous rice flour mixed with a small amount of water to form balls and then cooked and served in boiling water.
ochlesis: Crowd-poisoning; a disease occasioned or aggravated by overcrowding, especially due to lack of ventilation.
resinata: retsina (type of Greek wine)
L-driver: Someone who is learning to drive.
lay-down: Alternative form of laydown
autofade: Any feature (of a camera, audio mixer, etc.) that fades automatically.
legendry: Legends in general; mythology.
dunesand: A loose thin sand that can be carried by the wind.
dysluite: A variety of the zinc spinel or gahnite.
dysodile: A soft, finely laminated, greenish or yellowish-grey impure earthy or coaly bitumen, which emits a highly foetid odour when burning.
fucktwat: A stupid or otherwise undesirable person.
knobtwat: A stupid or contemptible person.
turkling: A young turkey, either wild or domestic.
fuck-ton: Alternative spelling of fuckton
fuck ton: Alternative spelling of fuckton
overword: Any word or phrase frequently repeated.
overword: The burden or chorus of a song.
datacoms: data communications
typolite: A stone or fossil bearing impressions of plants and animals.
dynamist: A subscriber to the philosophy of dynamism.
dullhead: A blockhead; a dolt.
Danegelt: Alternative form of Danegeld
dungyard: A yard where dung is collected.
dyslysin: A resinous substance formed in the decomposition of cholic acid of bile.
dukeling: A little or insignificant duke.
jumplist: Alternative form of jump list
chainset: A crankset.
wind gap: A dry valley once occupied by a stream or river, since captured by another stream, often forming a gap in a range of hills or mountains.
worktext: A textbook or workbook.
agalloch: The soft, aromatic, resinous wood of Aquilaria malaccensis (formerly Aquilaria agallocha).
decoyman: A man employed in decoying wildfowl.
maneuvre: Alternative spelling of maneuver
baggager: One who takes care of baggage; a camp follower.
antiflow: A mental state of boredom and lack of challenge, associated with performing activities one does not want to do.
antiflow: Flow in an opposite direction.
blackboy: An Aboriginal boy or servant.
blackboy: Any plant in the genus Xanthorrhoea, native to Australia.
crankset: The component of a bicycle drivetrain that converts the reciprocating motion of the rider's legs into rotational motion used to drive the chain, which in turn drives the rear wheel.
eduspeak: The jargon used by educators.
baculite: Any of the genus †Baculites of extinct cephalopod heteromorph ammonites.
fenochia: Obsolete spelling of finocchio
fenochio: Obsolete spelling of finocchio
decemvir: Any of two groups of 10 men selected in 451 and 450 B.C. to wield complete power over Rome and establish the laws of the Twelve Tables.
decemvir: Any member of a decemvirate, a council or ruling body of 10 people, as the Venetian Council of Ten.
rockface: Alternative form of rock face
sad case: Alternative form of sadcase
scourger: One who, or that which, scourges.
dry lake: A former lake, especially a lake that has dried and habitually remains dry, (US) opposed to playas.
rollator: A walking frame equipped with wheels, especially one designed for the disabled or elderly.
gainside: The side on which gain, increase, or prosperity is accrued; the upside.
plastick: Archaic form of plastic.
pre-echo: An early sign or indication of something; a foreshadowing.
pre-echo: A digital audio compression artifact where a (typically percussive) sound is heard before it should occur.
nardcore: A hardcore punk movement in Southern California in the early 1980s.
nardcore: The punk rock music associated with this movement.
dumbhead: A stupid person.
mathcore: A rhythmically complex and dissonant style of metalcore music.
darkcore: A subgenre of jungle music with morbid, horror-based themes.
jazzcore: An aggressive style of jazz with hardcore punk elements.
finochia: Archaic spelling of finocchio.
finochio: Alternative spelling of finocchio
funkcore: An aggressive style of funk music influenced by rock or metal.
bonnacon: A mythical bovine creature with huge curved horns that produces burning dung.
outgrade: A fruit, vegetable, animal, etc. that fails to meet criteria set by a retailer.
odometre: Alternative form of odometer
finochie: Obsolete spelling of finocchio
depictor: Alternative form of depicter
tezontle: A porous, extrusive, igneous, volcanic rock, usually reddish in colour, used extensively in construction in Mexico.
e-safety: Safety when using the Internet.
e-tender: A tender for a contract made by means of computer networks.
clodpoll: Alternative form of clodpole
clotpoll: Alternative form of clodpole
leucosin: chrysolaminarin
periagua: A dugout canoe.
periagua: A vessel made by cutting a canoe in two lengthwise and inserting a large plank.
periagua: A large keelless flat-bottomed boat for shoal-water navigation, decked at the ends only, propelled by rowing, or by sails on two masts capable of being struck.
periagua: Any small boat.
cyathium: One of the specialised pseudanthia ("false flowers"), surrounded by involucral bracts, especially those forming the inflorescence of euphorbias.
hairbell: Archaic form of harebell.
halfpace: A platform of a staircase where the stair turns back in exactly the reverse direction of the lower flight.
hairworm: A nematomorph.
hackbolt: A greater shearwater or hagdon (Ardenna gravis).
undergod: A lower or inferior god; a subordinate deity; a demigod.
tripeman: A seller of tripe.
homonomy: The homology of parts arranged on transverse axes.
shoepack: Alternative spelling of shoepac
purslain: Alternative form of purslane
heartlet: A small heart.
leadline: A leash or strap for leading an animal.
leadline: A sounding line; an instrument used in navigation to measure water depth.
leadline: A weighted line for holding down the lower edge of a gillnet.
frapping: Rope lashed tightly over the rigging or other area.
purseful: As much as a purse can hold.
overhope: Excessive hope or anticipation; presumption.
overhope: Hopefulness; sanguineness.
Melchite: Alternative form of Melkite
santeria: Alternative form of santería
Fowler's: The Fowler's position.
santería: An Afro-Cuban religion, somewhat similar to voodoo, based upon Yoruba deities and Roman Catholic saints.
antinome: Synonym of antinomy
data bus: A hardware subsystem that transfers data between components inside a computer, or between computers.
antithet: An antithetic or contrasted statement.
dead man: Alternative spelling of deadman
dead man: A dead man's switch.
dead man: A bottle of alcoholic drink that has been consumed.
rigorist: Someone who takes the strictest interpretation of a law, religious injunction etc.
filioque: The use of the Latin word filioque (“and from the son”) in the Western form of the Nicene Creed, to indicate that the Holy Spirit proceeds from both the Father and the Son (as opposed to the Eastern churches which believe the Spirit proceeds from the Father alone).
comeling: A comer; (person) an arrival.
comeling: An incomer.
comeling: A newcomer; stranger.
distrail: A clear path through a cloud created by a passing aircraft, caused either by evaporation or freezing of water droplets in the wake.
grizzler: One who grizzles.
sardelle: Alternative form of sardel (“sardine”)
guisarme: Alternative form of gisarme
busihead: Busyness.
coanchor: One of a group of anchorpeople presenting together on television or radio.
shamshir: A Persian curved blade without a pommel.
Faliscan: A member of an ancient Italic people who lived in southern Etruria
kloofing: A recreational activity involving descent into a deep ravine or watercourse.
retinula: One of the group of pigmented cells that surround the retinophorae of invertebrates.
castelet: Alternative form of castlet.
rollneck: A turtleneck sweater.
rotodome: A rotating radome.
iPod tax: A levy or tax on digital storage products (e.g. iPods), levied at a per unit capacity rate, used to compensate content providers for piracy of their goods.
Macolyte: A loyal user of Apple products, such as Macintosh computers, iPads, and iPhones.
curculio: Any of the genus Curculio of weevils.
ninesies: A call in any children's game, such as jacks, where nine actions must be performed.
resetter: One who, or that which, resets.
resetter: One who receives or conceals, as stolen goods or a criminal.
Cimbrian: A member of a Germanic people who live in parts of northeast Italy.
Cimbrian: A member of the Cimbri, especially when they are considered to have been a Germanic people and to originate from Jutland (the "Cimbrian peninsula").
idiotism: Very severe mental retardation.
idiotism: A foolish utterance.
idiotism: Idiom.
idiotism: An overly literal translation of an idiom.
zygaenid: Any member of the moth family Zygaenidae.
timelock: Alternative form of time lock
antipyic: An antisuppurative agent.
chauncel: Obsolete form of chancel.
advaunce: Obsolete form of advance.
balaunce: Obsolete form of balance.
braunche: Obsolete form of branch.
finaunce: Obsolete form of finance.
precrime: The act that is close to, or is a precursor of a crime.
precrime: The tendency in criminal justice systems to focus on crimes not yet committed.
wrencher: One who, or that which, wrenches.
resinite: A form of amber occurring in coal seams.
cutinite: A liptinite maceral formed from terrestrial plant cuticles.
alginite: A component of some types of kerogen, consisting of organic-walled marine microfossils.
romaunce: Obsolete form of romance.
vocality: The quality or degree of being vocal.
vocality: The quality of being a vowel; vocalic character.
commaund: Obsolete form of command.
woodward: A warden of a wood.
vegetive: vegetable
woolsack: A bag or bale of wool.
woolsack: A seat made of wool; (specifically) the traditional seat of the British Lord Chancellor (since 2006 of the Lord Speaker of the House of Lords); hence (by metonymy) the post of Lord-Chancellor.
woolsack: Synonym of corestone
weedling: A small weed.
agrostis: Any grass of the genus Agrostis, bentgrass.
villadom: The world of suburban villas.
vintager: One who gathers the vintage, i.e. a grape harvester.
sargasso: A brown alga, of the genus Sargassum, that forms large, floating masses.
sargasso: Also Sargasso: a confused, tangled mass or situation.
sargasso: A part of an ocean or sea characterized by floating masses of sargassos, like the Sargasso Sea.
entrigue: Obsolete form of intrigue.
enterest: Obsolete form of interest.
minecart: A wheeled container that travels on tracks, used for moving mining materials.
bookrack: A rack for books; a bookshelf.
puplican: Obsolete spelling of publican
scabiosa: scabious (plant)
she-male: Alternative form of shemale
sinuitis: Alternative form of sinusitis
kelpware: kelp
kelpfish: A perciform fish in the family Chironemidae, native to coastal Australia and New Zealand.
neckbone: Any bone in the neck; often of poultry, in cooking.
skeptick: Obsolete form of skeptic.
pardusco: A species of tanager found in Peru, Nephelornis oneilli.
sceptick: Obsolete form of sceptic.
histidyl: The univalent radical derived from histidine.
disordre: Obsolete form of disorder.
trimetre: Alternative form of trimeter
pinosity: The degree to which a wine exhibits the characteristics of a Pinot Noir.
balustre: Alternative form of baluster
diametre: Alternative form of diameter
Theatine: A member of a Catholic order established in 1524 in Italy, which consisted of monks and later, nuns under the direction of the monks.
feastful: Enough for a feast.
feastful: A wide selection.
cake boy: A young metrosexual male.
tonetics: The use or study of intonation.
airstone: A piece of aquarium furniture, traditionally limewood or porous stone, whose purpose is to diffuse oxygen gradually into the tank, eliminating the noise and large bubbles of conventional air filtration systems.
devaluer: One who, or that which, devalues.
basilisc: Alternative form of basilisk
slovenry: dirtiness; uncleanliness
tainture: Dirtiness; uncleanliness; contamination, tainting.
qabalist: Alternative form of cabalist or Alternative form of kabbalist
asterisc: Alternative spelling of asterisk
sun deck: Alternative form of sundeck
sun lamp: Alternative form of sunlamp
fraccing: Alternative spelling of fracking
unsafety: Lack of safety; insecurity.
subproof: A proof that makes up part of a larger proof.
vinquish: A disease of sheep, associated with granite soils.
paganity: The state of being a pagan; paganism.
pockwood: lignum vitae
podalgia: Pain in the foot.
potstone: A variety of steatite sometimes manufactured into culinary vessels.
pagodite: agalmatolite
pilastre: Obsolete form of pilaster.
empirick: Obsolete form of empiric.
sex line: A phoneline reserved for phone sex.
diablery: sorcery
diablery: summoning of the Devil
dynamick: Obsolete form of dynamic.
endemick: Obsolete form of endemic.
sex work: Any job in which sex or eroticism is involved, especially prostitution or pornography.
elegiack: Obsolete form of elegiac.
hæretick: Obsolete form of heretic.
fanatick: Obsolete form of fanatic.
chipshot: Alternative form of chip shot
heretick: Obsolete form of heretic.
georgick: Obsolete form of georgic.
indeavor: Obsolete form of endeavor.
man milk: semen
man cunt: The anus of a man, usually the receptive participant in gay sex.
boy cunt: The anus of a man, usually the passive participant in gay sex.
infoshop: A storefront or social centre that serves as a node for the distribution of political information and resources for local activists.
dickface: Term of abuse
boy-cunt: Alternative form of boy cunt
man-milk: Alternative form of man milk
synciput: Obsolete spelling of sinciput
arsenick: Obsolete form of arsenic.
pyrolite: A theoretical rock considered to be the best approximation of the composition of Earth's upper mantle, generally considered to be one part tholeiitic basalt and three parts dunite.
profilin: An actin-binding protein involved in the dynamic turnover and restructuring of the actin cytoskeleton, found in all eukaryotic organisms in most cells.
polemick: Obsolete form of polemic.
styptick: Obsolete form of styptic.
slamdunk: Alternative form of slam dunk
boss key: A key which, when pressed, hides a program from view by a superior in the workplace.
shillin': Pronunciation spelling of shilling.
bad trip: A psychedelic crisis, hallucinogenic drug use producing undesirable dysphoric psychological effects, most often fear, paranoia, and especially horrifying hallucinations.
kikimora: a female house spirit in the Slavic mythology
oxycrate: A mixture of water and vinegar.
outcrier: One who cries out or proclaims; a herald or crier.
keratome: A surgical instrument for dividing the cornea in cataract operations
kiabooca: Amboyna wood, the reddish wood taken from burls of Pterocarpus indicus.
kryolite: Alternative form of cryolite
bellpull: Alternative spelling of bell-pull
tyrolean: A zipline
Kolarian: One of the Kol people.
cambrick: Obsolete form of cambric.
cashbook: A book used to record amounts of money received or paid out.
boomster: One engaged in booming the market or a political candidate for office; one who works up a boom.
octylene: octene
votarist: A votary.
caladium: Any of the genus Caladium of flowering plants, especially an ornamental cultivar of Caladium bicolor.
Angelino: A person from Los Angeles.
manœuver: Obsolete spelling of maneuver
vigorite: A particular explosive containing nitroglycerin.
floorlet: A component of an interest rate floor, a derivative instrument that effectively prevents the interest payments on an otherwise variable-rate loan from falling below an agreed level (the "floor"). Each floorlet, analysable as a put option, covers one interest accrual period (such as three months); the whole interest rate floor is made up of a series of consecutive floorlets.
spesmilo: An obsolete unit of Esperanto international currency (symbol ₷).
fragipan: A diagnostic soil horizon of the USDA soil taxonomy, an altered subsurface soil layer that restricts water flow and root penetration.
Bellhead: A supporter of traditional centralized telecommunications networks, contrasted with nethead (a supporter of the Internet and its flexibility and technical underpinnings).
jointist: Operator of an illegal drinking place or "joint"
disponee: The person to whom any property is legally conveyed.
doorcase: The surrounding frame into which a door shuts.
emperess: Obsolete spelling of empress
fluoroid: A tetrahexahedron.
guirland: Obsolete form of garland.
eulytite: A mineral, consisting chiefly of the silicate of bismuth.
likehood: likelihood
lichwort: The herb Parietaria officinalis.
dochmiac: A verse in dochmiac metre.
lazyback: A support for the back, attached to the seat of a carriage.
neossine: The salivary secretion various swift species use to make their nests.
onocerin: A white crystalline waxy substance extracted from the root of the leguminous plant Ononis spinosa.
rufiopin: A yellowish-red crystalline substance related to anthracene and obtained from opianic acid.
indorsee: The person to whom a note or bill is indorsed, or assigned by indorsement.
spicenut: A small crisp cake, highly spiced.
typifier: One who, or that which, typifies.
novenary: A group of nine.
tephrite: An igneous rock consisting essentially of plagioclase and either leucite or nephelite, or both.
whimwham: Alternative form of whim-wham
workfolk: Collectively, people who perform manual labour.
tutoress: A female tutor.
tidology: The science of tides.
fenceful: As many as make up or line a fence.
sumpitan: A kind of blowgun for discharging arrows, used by indigenous peoples of Borneo and adjacent islands.
blowball: The downy seed head of a dandelion, a dandelion clock.
millinet: A stiff cotton fabric used by milliners for lining bonnets.
eyereach: The range or reach of the eye; eyeshot.
wailment: Lamentation; loud weeping; wailing.
Norweyan: Norwegian
welldoer: One who does well; one who does good to another; a benefactor.
tulipist: One who is especially devoted to the cultivation of tulips.
ex-slave: A former or emancipated slave.
vernonin: A glucoside extracted from the root of a South African plant of the genus Vernonia, used as a mild heart tonic.
lionhood: The state of being a lion.
numberer: Someone who numbers.
melotype: A picture produced by a process in which development after exposure may be deferred indefinitely, so as to permit transportation of exposed plates.
urostege: One of the plates on the underside of a snake's tail.
redemise: The transfer of an estate back to the person who demised it; reconveyance.
japanner: One who varnishes in the manner of the Japanese, or one skilled in that art.
japanner: A bootblack.
floodage: flooding; inundation
Jesuitry: Jesuitism; subtle argument.
havenage: Dues paid for using a harbour or port.
refunder: Someone who refunds.
woodhole: A place where wood is stored, e.g. a woodshed.
relapser: One who relapses.
lodicula: Alternative form of lodicule
refundee: One who receives a refund.
brevipen: A brevipennate bird.
wellfare: Obsolete form of welfare.
wordsman: A man who is a wordsmith.
wordsman: One who deals in words, or in mere words; a verbalist.
Judaizer: Someone who Judaizes.
Judaizer: One who conforms to or inculcates Judaism.
Judaizer: One of the Jews who accepted Christianity but still adhered to the law of Moses and worshipped in the temple at Jerusalem.
usherdom: The office or position of an usher.
usherdom: Ushers, collectively.
viridite: A greenish chloritic mineral common in certain igneous rocks.
rejoicer: One who rejoices.
britzska: Alternative form of britchka
rivaless: A female rival.
shielder: Agent noun of shield: one who shields.
hackster: A violent bully or thug; also, an assassin, a murderer.
hackster: One who hacks computers; a hacker.
fathomer: One who fathoms.
jovialty: Archaic form of joviality.
stancher: One who, or that which, stanches or stops a flow.
homilist: Someone who prepares or preaches homilies
isochasm: A line connecting places on the Earth's surface that have the same mean frequency of auroras.
janglery: chatter, gossip
concieve: Misspelling of conceive.
beadroll: A catalogue of people whose souls are to be be prayed for.
beadroll: A catalogue of names; a pedigree, a long respected series.
beleiver: Misspelling of believer.
britchka: A type of horse-drawn carriage, with a foldable roof covering.
hampster: Obsolete form of hamster.
hampster: Misspelling of hamster.
wirework: Work, especially openwork, formed of wires.
wirework: The use of wires to suspend actors in otherwise impossible positions.
outguard: A guard or small body of troops at a distance from the main body of an army, to watch for the approach of an enemy.
outguard: Anything for defense placed at a distance from the thing to be defended.
unprofit: Lack of profit; unprofitableness.
hydruret: A binary compound of hydrogen; a hydride.
banewort: Atropa belladonna, deadly nightshade.
banewort: Ranunculus flammula, spearwort
molecast: A little elevation of earth made by a mole; a molehill.
eyewater: A wash or lotion for application to the eyes.
eyewater: Gin.
eyewater: Tears; water cried from the eyes.
waymaker: One who makes a way; a precursor; pioneer; pathfinder.
behinder: A person employed in metalworking to take folded metal sheets from the doubler and pass them back to the rollerman.
overking: A king who has sovereignty over inferior kings or ruling princes; a ruler of an overkingdom; a king that is truly superior or supreme.
nonelect: Someone not chosen for salvation.
outcourt: An outer or exterior court.
distancy: distance
Orkneyan: A native or inhabitant of the Orkney Islands.
siscowet: A freshwater fish from Lake Superior in the Great Lakes, a variety of the lake trout.
sceleton: Obsolete spelling of skeleton.
teguexin: A large South American lizard with yellowish spots; a gold tegu.
dejecter: Something that casts down or diminishes.
Kurilian: A native or inhabitant of the Kuril Islands.
fosseway: A Roman military road with a fosse or ditch on each side to keep it dry.
castorin: A white crystalline substance obtained from castoreum.
prodigus: A prodigal person; a spendthrift.
ultimity: The last stage or consequence; finality.
goneness: The state or quality of being gone, i.e. no longer present.
goneness: A state of exhaustion or faintness, especially from hunger.
overburn: An excessive burn; a severe physical injury caused by such a burn; the act of excessively burning something with fire.
milliare: A unit of area, one thousandth of an are.
machoman: Alternative form of macho man
girlyman: An effeminate man.
sedilium: One of a row of seats in an Ancient Roman amphitheatre.
sedilium: A seat in the chancel of a church near the altar, for the officiating clergyman.
powertop: Alternative form of power top
fishskin: The skin of a fish.
toadskin: the skin of a toad, or leather made therefrom
birdskin: the skin of a bird, detached from that bird, especially as prepared during study of the bird or for display
frogskin: The skin of a frog, or leather made from it.
frogskin: A greenback, a United States dollar.
wormskin: the skin of a worm, or leather made therefrom, especially in fiction where worms are large creatures and have correspondingly large skins
groggery: An establishment that sells alcoholic beverages
testatum: One of the clauses of an English deed, enumerating the operative words of transfer, statement of consideration, money, etc.
sex cell: germ cell
show biz: Alternative spelling of showbiz.
shipside: The part of a harbour or dock by a ship.
lardbutt: An overweight person.
mundborh: A person who granted a mund to another person requiring protection.
mundbyrd: A fine paid for violation of a mund
reservee: One for whom something is reserved.
headspin: An athletic or breakdancing move in which a person balances on the head while rotating along the vertical axis of the body.
fetidity: The quality of being fetid.
cipherer: Someone or something that ciphers.
onliness: The state of being alone or unique.
chainlet: A small chain.
renowner: One who gives renown.
unsurety: Lack of surety; uncertainty; insecurity; doubt.
wrappage: The act of wrapping.
wrappage: That which wraps; an envelope or covering.
knitster: A woman who knits.
jerquing: The searching of a ship for unentered goods.
nunciate: One who announces; a messenger or nuncio.
opprobry: Opprobrium.
lofthead: An overhead cavity in a cave or mineshaft caused by a fall of roof.
sandever: Alternative form of sandiver
neo-creo: Clipping of neo-creationist.
retracer: One who retraces.
panegyry: Obsolete spelling of panegyric
panegyry: Archaic Egyptological spelling of panegyris
optation: A wish; a desire.
navarchy: The office or state of a navarch
moonling: A simpleton; a lunatic.
peastone: pisolite
firebare: A beacon or lighthouse
wastorel: Obsolete form of wastrel.
weighage: A duty or toll paid for weighing merchandise.
mopstick: The long handle of a mop.
mopstick: In an old pianoforte movement, a rod that raises the damper as the key is depressed.
titulary: A person invested with a title.
titulary: The set of titles or names held by a person.
anemonin: An acrid toxic substance obtained from some species of anemone.
wivehood: Obsolete form of wifehood.
extoller: One who extols.
evenhead: Alternative form of evenhood
ciderist: A maker of cider.
bardling: An inferior bard.
babbitry: Alternative form of babbittry
methenyl: The hypothetical hydrocarbon radical CH, regarded as an essential residue of certain organic compounds.
buddyroo: A close friend or pal.
hornpout: Synonym of horned pout
vesuvine: A brown dyestuff obtained from certain basic azo compounds of benzene.
limitour: Obsolete form of limiter.
mucocele: An enlargement or protrusion of the mucous membrane of the lachrymal passages, or edema of the lachrymal sac, dependent upon catarrhal inflammation of the latter.
wegotism: Excessive use of the pronoun we.
chew toy: A toy designed to be chewed on by children or an animal for amusement.
domnitor: A ruling prince of Romania between 1862 and 1881.
urinater: Alternative spelling of urinator (“a person who urinates”)
kinology: The branch of physics that deals with the laws of motion; kinetics.
kinology: Kinesiology
kinology: The use of motion and/or gesture.
kinology: The branch of genealogy concerning those who are related by blood or marriage and who live or lived during the same time period.
warfarer: Someone engaged in warfare; a warrior.
motation: motion; movement
tafferer: A taffrail.
verteber: Obsolete form of vertebra.
repaster: One who takes a repast.
geophage: A creature that eats earthy substances such as clay and chalk.
haystalk: A stalk of hay.
vassalry: The body of vassals.
westling: A westerner.
nunchion: Obsolete form of nuncheon.
niellist: One who practices the style of ornamentation called niello.
overflux: an overflow; an overflowing or exuberance
fodderer: One who fodders cattle.
trimorph: A substance which crystallizes in three distinct forms, or which has three distinct physical states.
trimorph: Any of the three forms of such a substance.
whirlpit: A whirlpool.
elocutio: One of the five canons of classical rhetoric: the mastery of stylistic elements.
forerank: The first rank; the front row.
johannes: An old Portuguese gold coin bearing a figure of John V of Portugal.
begrimer: One who, or that which, begrimes.
wariment: wariness
knopweed: Archaic form of knapweed.
circulet: Obsolete form of circlet.
luxurist: One given to luxury.
burdener: One who burdens; an oppressor.
opulency: Archaic form of opulence.
caquelon: A Swiss cooking vessel used to serve fondue.
botanick: Obsolete form of botanic.
flamelet: A small flame.
eschevin: The alderman or chief officer of an ancient guild.
jactancy: boasting; bragging
niggardy: Niggardliness.
mastress: Obsolete form of mistress.
olfactor: A smelling organ; a nose.
woolpack: A bag of wool, traditionally weighing 240 pounds.
woolpack: A cirrocumulus cloud.
woolpack: A charge resembling a pillow or cushion.
nighness: The quality or state of being nigh, or near.
sermoner: A preacher; a sermonizer.
ticement: Obsolete form of enticement.
whimling: One given to whims; a weak, childish person.
beambird: A small European flycatcher, the spotted flycatcher, Muscicapa striata, that often nests on a beam in a building.
kittysol: A Chinese parasol of paper and bamboo.
ribaudry: Obsolete form of ribaldry.
cloyster: Obsolete spelling of cloister
centaury: Any of the flowering plants in or formerly in the genus Centaurium.
centaury: Centaurium, sensu stricto
centaury: Any of the flowering plants in or formerly in the genus Centaurium.
centaury: Gyrandra, a genus in Gentianaceae, formerly included in Centaurium, with species commonly called centaury
centaury: Any of the flowering plants in or formerly in the genus Centaurium.
centaury: Schenkia, a genus in Gentianaceae, formerly included in Centaurium, with species commonly called centaury
centaury: Any of the flowering plants in or formerly in the genus Centaurium.
centaury: Zeltnera, a New World genus in Gentianaceae, formerly included in Centaurium, with species commonly called centaury
centaury: Any of diverse other plants:
centaury: Centaurea, a genus in the Asteraceae containing species sometimes called centaury
centaury: Any of diverse other plants:
centaury: Cheirolophus crassifolius, a species in the Asteraceae commonly known as Maltese centaury
centaury: Any of diverse other plants:
centaury: Sabatia, a New World genus in the Gentianaceae containing species sometimes called centaury
nevadite: A granitoid variety of rhyolite.
retorter: Someone who retorts.
humstrum: An instrument out of tune or rudely constructed.
humstrum: A hurdy-gurdy.
humstrum: Music badly played.
kailyard: A kitchen garden.
kailyard: A late-nineteenth and early-twentieth century school of writing, set in small Scottish towns, a notable example being J. M Barrie's A Small Minister
Latindom: The realm or sphere of Latin or Latin influence.
Latindom: The expanse of territory, roughly comprising the former Roman Empire, where the Latin predominated as the spoken language.
bell jar: A piece of laboratory equipment used for creating vacuums, often made of glass in a bell-like shape.
bell jar: A bell-shaped glass used to cover and protect items such as food.
woolenet: A thin, light woollen fabric.
Anglodom: The realm, sphere, or influence of English or Anglo-American language or culture.
Greekess: A female Greek.
vaultage: A vaulted place or arched cellar.
vaultage: Vaulted work.
humanics: The study of human nature.
deranger: One who deranges.
murrayin: A glucoside found in the flowers of the plant Murraya paniculata.
klipfish: Sun-dried salted cod, exported from Norway.
klipfish: A fish of certain genera in the family Clinidae.
lifehold: Land held by a life estate.
megalerg: A unit of one million ergs.
arsehead: An idiotic or undesirable person.
caracoly: An alloy of gold, silver, and copper, used to make jewellery of inferior quality.
plumbage: leadwork; plumbing
hoistway: An opening for the hoist, or elevator, in the floor of a warehouse.
sextonry: The office of sexton.
toothlet: A little tooth or similar projection.
formeret: One of the half-ribs against the walls in a ceiling vaulted with ribs.
dipropyl: One of the hexane paraffins, found in petroleum, consisting of two propyl radicals.
papality: The papacy.
papality: A papal doctrine.
hortyard: Obsolete form of orchard.
somatist: One who admits the existence of material beings only; a materialist.
morosoph: A philosophical or learned fool.
banxring: An East Indian insectivorous mammal of the genus Tupaia
gantlope: The military punishment known as running the gauntlet
leeangle: A heavy club, with a sharp point at right-angles at its end, once used by Australian Aborigines
dramming: The practice of drinking drams.
Etrurian: A native or inhabitant of ancient Etruria.
filicoid: Any fern-like plant.
neelghau: Obsolete form of nilgai.
barber's: Synonym of barbershop (“place of business of a barber”).
dependee: An agent that is depended on by a depender, the target of a dependency (used in agent-oriented programming)
dryandra: Any of the former genus Dryandra R. Br. of Australian shrubs, now considered a series within Banksia (Proteaceae)
dryandra: Any of the former genus Dryandra (Thunb.) of plants now placed in genus Vernicia (Euphorbiaceae).
forehook: A piece of timber placed across the stern, to unite the bows and strengthen the fore part of the ship; a breast hook.
lapstone: A stone for the lap, on which shoemakers used to beat leather.
browspot: A rounded organ between the eyes of the frog; the interocular gland.
glaverer: A flatterer.
Thibetan: Archaic form of Tibetan.
veratrol: A liquid hydrocarbon obtained by the decomposition of veratric acid, and constituting the dimethyl ether of pyrocatechin.
deserver: One who deserves.
vinosity: The quality or state of being vinous, or of having some essential characteristic of wine.
daintrel: A delicacy.
malamide: The acid amide derived from malic acid, as a white crystalline substance metameric with asparagine.
lenitude: The quality or habit of being lenient; lenity.
coachdog: A breed of dog trained to accompany carriages.
coachdog: The Dalmatian dog.
sweetkin: A sweetheart; darling.
liminess: The state or quality of being limy.
eutrophy: healthy nutrition
eutrophy: The quality of being rich in minerals and nutrients.
nodation: The act of making a knot.
nodation: The state of being knotted.
paramere: One of the symmetrical halves of any one of the radii, or spheromeres, of a radiate animal, such as a starfish
resenter: One who resents.
murnival: rare spelling of mournival
cofferer: One who keeps treasures in a coffer.
dewwater: Alternative spelling of dew water
octopede: Any eight-legged creature.
scaphium: The carina or keel of papilionaceous flowers.
numerist: Someone who deals in, or is skilled with, numbers.
sea king: One of the Norse leaders who roved the seas in search of plunder and adventures; a Norse pirate chief.
puckerer: Someone or something that puckers.
naturity: The quality or state of being produced by nature.
euchrone: A blue compound obtained from euchroic acid.
silkness: silkiness
imitancy: Tendency to imitation.
wormling: A little worm.
wormling: Any weak, mean, or lowly creature.
badigeon: A cement or paste (as of plaster and freestone, or of sawdust and glue or lime) used by sculptors and builders to fill holes, cover defects, or finish a surface.
gasalier: A gas-powered chandelier.
jointfir: An ephedra (Ephedra distachya)
nomarchy: nome
windbore: The lower, or bottom, pipe in a lift of pumps in a mine.
hardfern: Blechnum spicant, a species of fern of Europe and Northwestern America.
epithite: A lazy, worthless fellow; a vagrant.
epithite: Obsolete spelling of epithet
recapper: A tool that applies a fresh percussion cap or primer to a cartridge shell in reloading it.
recapper: One who recapitulates; a summarizer.
sea cock: Alternative form of seacock
sea cock: The black-bellied plover, Pluvialis squatarola.
sea cock: A gurnard, such as the European red gurnard (Trigla pini).
backfall: A fall or throw on the back.
backfall: A lever in the coupler of an organ.
untruism: Something not true; a false statement.
globulet: A little globule.
fourling: One of four children born at the same birth; a quadruplet.
fourling: A compound or twin crystal consisting of four individuals.
overwalk: A pedestrian bridge or elevated walkway that allows one to walk over a road, stream, or other obstacle, or between the upper stories of buildings.
overwalk: An elevated walkway that provides passage above the main area of a facility; a catwalk.
overwalk: A walkway placed slightly above the ground in an ecologically vulnerable location so that pedestrians can walk through the area without causing damage.
proseman: A writer of prose.
soapland: A kind of Japanese brothel, ostensibly for bathing.
soapland: The world of soap operas
hexagony: A hexagon.
studmare: Alternative form of stud mare
neckland: A neck of land.
woolhall: A trade market in the wool districts.
wehrwolf: Archaic form of werewolf.
marikina: A small marmoset, the golden lion tamarin, Leontopithecus rosalia.
gripsack: A traveller's bag.
brabbler: A clamorous, quarrelsome, noisy person; a wrangler.
bewailer: One who bewails or laments.
eyesalve: An ointment for the eye.
misentry: An erroneous entry or charge, as of an account.
shroving: The festivity of Shrovetide.
Ottomite: A Turk, specifically from the Ottoman Empire.
gazogene: Alternative form of gasogene
grogshop: A shop or room where strong liquors are sold and/or drunk.
slavedom: A region or realm where slavery exists.
slavedom: The condition or state of being a slave; slavery.
slavedom: Enslavement; bondage.
velveret: A kind of velvet with cotton backing.
novelism: The dominance of the novel as a literary form.
novelism: innovation
dulwilly: The ringed plover.
neuralgy: Archaic form of neuralgia.
frescade: A cool walk.
frescade: A shady place.
monamine: Archaic form of monoamine.
lientery: A form of diarrhea in which food passes through the body with little or no digestion.
remarker: Someone who remarks.
villakin: A little villa.
lathwork: A covering of laths.
fillibeg: Alternative form of philibeg
detecter: Alternative form of detector
nostalgy: Archaic form of nostalgia.
keckling: Old rope or iron chains wound around a cable.
antozone: hydrogen peroxide
barillet: A little cask, or something resembling one, for example of a gun.
ferrogel: A hydrogel, containing magnetite particles, that has unique magnetoelastic properties
figuline: A piece of pottery decorated with representations of natural objects.
mudwater: Alternative spelling of mud water
waterjet: Alternative spelling of water jet
defrayer: One who defrays; one who pays off expenses.
wellhole: The open space in a floor, to accommodate a staircase.
wellhole: The open space left beyond the ends of the steps of a staircase.
wellhole: A cavity which receives a counterbalancing weight in certain mechanical contrivances, and is adapted also for other purposes.
otopathy: Any disease of the ear
extorter: One who practices extortion.
verseman: An inferior poet; a versemonger.
wardsman: A man who keeps ward; a guard.
racemule: A little raceme.
deviling: A young devil.
Playfair: Ellipsis of Playfair cipher..
Playfair: an encryption using the Playfair cipher
cum-dump: Alternative form of cumdump
bodypart: Alternative form of body part
hungerer: One who hungers or yearns.
cum dump: Alternative form of cumdump
sonneter: A composer of sonnets; sonnetist.
palisado: Obsolete form of palisade.
boneache: Pain in the bones, or seemingly in the bones.
prenasal: The anterior half of a divided nasal scale.
rixdaler: An old Dutch silver coin.
shelfful: Enough to fill a shelf.
ringbolt: an eyebolt with a captive ring passing through it
Eusebian: A follower of Eusebius.
filatory: A machine for forming threads.
vaginula: A little sheath, such as that about the base of the pedicel of most mosses.
repenter: Someone who repents.
Vietcong: A member of this organization.
frondlet: A very small frond.
frondlet: A distinct portion of a compound frond.
lecherer: A lecher.
executer: Alternative form of executor
glaymore: Alternative form of claymore (a sword)
Boodhism: Archaic form of Buddhism.
livering: A kind of pudding or sausage made of liver or pork.
woodpeck: Obsolete form of woodpecker.
gawntree: Archaic form of gantry.
rupicola: Any of several South American passerine birds, of the genus Rupicola, having bright plumage and a fan-shaped crest on the head.
floorset: The process of rearranging all the goods in a store to give a fresh appearance, often according to a planogram.
numbfish: An electric ray of the family Narcinidae, capable of delivering numbing shocks.
osteogen: The soft tissue, or substance, which, in developing bone, ultimately undergoes ossification.
isocryme: An isoline connecting points on the Earth's surface having the same mean temperature in the coldest month of the year.
electant: One who has the power of choosing; an elector.
kelotomy: Alternative form of celotomy
thionine: An artificial red or violet dyestuff consisting of a complex sulfur derivative of certain aromatic diamines.
thionine: The unsaturated nine-membered heterocycle having eight carbon atoms, one sulfur atom and four double bonds.
windlace: Obsolete form of windlass.
cum slut: Alternative form of cumslut
cum-slut: Alternative form of cumslut
cum-hole: Alternative form of cumhole
cum hole: Alternative form of cumhole
cumwhore: A cumslut.
neyghbor: Obsolete form of neighbour.
obtusity: obtuseness
subimago: A stage in the development of certain insects, intermediate between pupa and imago, during which the insect can fly but must shed a skin before becoming mature.
pussyboy: A bottom, usually a younger, submissive and hairless male.
pussyboy: A young sex slave used in the absence of available women.
pussyboy: An especially cowardly or otherwise unmanly young man.
pussyboy: A trans man with a vagina.
fetialis: A fetial.
friation: The act of breaking up or pulverizing.
foothalt: A disease affecting the feet of sheep.
nimbless: Nimbleness.
redingot: Alternative form of redingote.
chimango: Milvago chimango, a South American bird of prey related to the falcon.
halfpike: Alternative form of half-pike
retainal: The act of retaining or keeping; retention.
peptogen: Any substance convertible into peptone.
peptogen: An agent that promotes digestion.
myomorph: Any of the suborder Myomorpha of mouse-like rodents
knoppern: A kind of gall produced by a gallfly on the cup of an acorn, and formerly used in tanning and dyeing.
fat fuck: Alternative form of fatfuck
couplant: a material that facilitates the transmission of ultrasonic energy from the transducer into the test specimen.
footband: A group of foot soldiers.
bronzite: A variety of enstatite, often with a bronze-like lustre.
larderer: Someone in charge of a larder.
lysigeny: Creation of cavities by lysis.
bractlet: A bract on the stalk of a single flower, which is itself on a main stalk that supports several flowers
monamide: An amido compound with only one amido group.
workship: workmanship
botryoid: A determinate inflorescence, similar to a raceme, taking the form of flowers arranged alongside an axis.
Havanese: A native or inhabitant of Havana in Cuba.
kickshoe: Obsolete form of kickshaw.
outfling: A sharp retort or gibe.
parelius: A parhelion.
nemalite: A variety of brucite, occurring in slender fibers which are elastic and easily separated, having a color of white with a shade of yellow and a highly silky luster.
pisshole: urethra
pisshole: an unpleasant place
brangler: A quarrelsome person.
appealer: Someone who makes an appeal; an appellant.
appealer: A speech act intended as an appeal.
beehouse: A beehive or apiary.
kapnomar: Alternative form of capnomor
octogamy: The state of having eight spouses simultaneously.
ridgelet: A little ridge.
hydropsy: Edema, dropsy.
opinicus: A heraldic imaginary creature with an eagle's head, a short tail, and sometimes wings.
beer die: A drinking game in which players sit at opposite ends of a table and attempt to throw a die into their opponent's cup.
sieveyer: A maker of sieves.
betterer: One who betters, makes something better.
oncotomy: The opening of an abscess, or the removal of a tumour, with a cutting instrument.
whitsour: A variety of summer apple.
nucleole: Alternative form of nucleolus
Mahratta: Alternative form of Maratha
unequity: Lack of equity; iniquity.
metritis: Inflammation of the uterus.
Asmonean: Archaic form of Hasmonean.
pneumony: Archaic form of pneumonia.
totemist: One belonging to a clan or tribe having a totem.
Biscayan: A native or inhabitant of Biscay.
Biscayan: The westernmost of the modern varieties of the Basque language, spoken in Biscay and neighbouring parts of Álava and Gipuzkoa.
Biscayan: A long heavy musket.
Biscayan: The bullet fired by a musket of this kind.
woodrock: A compact wood-like variety of asbestos.
misfaith: Lack of faith; distrust.
misfaith: Bad or misplaced religious belief.
oryctere: The aardvark.
rosefish: Alternative form of rose fish
formedon: A writ of right for a tenant in tail in case of a discontinuance of the estate tail.
mousekin: A little mouse.
mousekin: A baby mouse.
homotaxy: Alternative form of homotaxis
veratria: veratrine
flaxweed: toadflax
killesse: A gutter, groove, or channel.
killesse: A hip roof.
rubytail: A European wasp, Chrysis ignita, with a bright red underside of the abdomen.
urrhodin: Indigo red, a product of the decomposition or oxidation of indican, sometimes found in the sediment of pathological urines.
bookhood: Knowledge of books; scholarship.
bookhood: The state or dignity of a book.
alomancy: Alternative form of halomancy
beanhole: A hole dug for the purpose of cooking beans underground on hot coals.
bookfell: A skin prepared for writing upon; a sheet of vellum or parchment; paper.
bookfell: A vellum or parchment manuscript.
railbuff: A railway enthusiast.
ennobler: One who ennobles.
vowelism: The use of vowels.
thatness: The quality or characteristic of being that (something referred to).
fassaite: A variety of augite
moonwake: The reflection of moonlight on a body of water.
resthold: a light hold used to regain energy during a match
bitchboy: A bottom, usually a younger, submissive male.
bitchboy: A coward, especially a younger man.
eschewer: One who eschews.
semibull: A bull issued by a pope in the period between election and coronation.
lightman: A man who carries or takes care of a light.
gynander: A plant having the stamens inserted in the pistil.
victress: Alternative form of victoress
guttifer: A plant that exudes gum or resin.
wagonage: A fee paid for transportation by wagon.
wagonage: A collection of wagons; wagons generally.
featness: skill; adroitness
alquifou: A lead ore found in Cornwall, England, and used to give a green glaze to pottery.
shopbook: A book in which a tradesman keeps the accounts.
mistaker: One who mistakes.
Labadist: A member of a 17th-century Protestant religious community movement founded by Jean de Labadie (1610–1674), a French pietist.
hernshaw: Obsolete form of heronsew.
gipsyism: Alternative form of gypsyism
maybloom: The hawthorn.
propione: The ketone of propionic acid.
factbook: A book of facts.
faygeleh: Alternative form of feygele
cevanine: A neurological toxin and hypotensive agent.
prudency: prudence
scourage: Refuse water after scouring.
identism: The doctrine that states of the mind and states of the brain are identical.
presumer: One who presumes, especially in an arrogant way.
viameter: An odometer.
butyrone: A liquid ketone obtained by heating calcium butyrate.
treature: treatment
gypsyism: The state of being a gypsy.
gypsyism: The practices or habits ascribed to gypsies, such as deception, cheating, and flattery.
gypsyism: A word or phrase used by gypsies.
gypsyism: The support of gypsies or gypsy beliefs, culture etc.
foreshot: The spirits that first come over when an alcoholic liquid is distilled
foreshot: A shot that sends something forewards, such as a shot that sends the ball ahead the player making it.
foreshot: A measurement of the azimuth when sighting to the next point along a path that is being measured with a compass.
foreshot: A portion of a building that protrudes out.
foreshot: The foreground of a photographic image.
oxidator: An oxidizer.
oxidator: A device for causing a current of air to impinge on the flame of the Argand lamp.
failance: fault; failure; omission
pulvinar: A prominence on the posterior part of the thalamus of the human brain.
pulvinar: A pillow or cushion.
Milesian: a native or inhabitant of the ancient city of Miletus in Asia Minor.
Milesian: a follower of the Milesian school of philosophy founded by Thales
Milesian: A member of a people in Irish mythology, the descendants of Míl Espáine.
Milesian: An Irishman; someone of Irish origin.
high/low: Alternative spelling of high-low
backshot: A shot that sends something backwards, such as a shot that sends the ball behind the player making it.
backshot: A measurement of the azimuth when sighting to an earlier point along a path that is being measured with a compass.
backshot: A shot in the back.
backshot: A shot taken from behind the subject.
backshot: A sexual position in which one partner penetrates the other from behind; doggy style.
leerness: The quality of being leer; lack; emptiness; dullness.
thirster: Someone who thirsts.
wrawling: Crying, wauling.
biscotin: A confection made of flour, sugar, marmalade, and eggs; a sweet biscuit.
floriage: bloom; blossom
venefice: The act or practice of poisoning.
elaidate: A salt of elaidic acid.
mucamide: The acid amide of mucic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
heartake: Obsolete spelling of heartache
empyesis: An eruption of pustules.
bellyake: Obsolete form of bellyache.
toothake: Obsolete form of toothache.
majestie: Archaic form of majesty.
masquing: A masking; a masked entertainment.
xanthite: A variety of vesuvianite found in limestone near Amity, New York.
portmote: A court, or mote, held in a port town.
draconin: A red resin forming the essential basis of dragon's blood.
carraway: Dated form of caraway.
topstone: A stone that is placed on the top, or which forms the top.
budgerow: A large, slow-moving barge used in India.
poetship: The state or character of a poet.
hygieist: Archaic form of hygienist.
wheyface: One who is pale, as from fear; a coward.
assailer: One who assails; an assailant.
creasote: Archaic form of creosote.
firetail: Any Australian finch of the genus Stagonopleura.
firetail: The common redstart.
Samoyede: Dated form of Samoyed.
keffekil: A kind of clay; meerschaum.
torosity: The quality or state of being torose.
fumarine: An alkaloid extracted from fumitory.
ericinol: A colourless oil (quickly becoming brown) with a pleasant odour, obtained by the decomposition of ericolin.
nomadian: A nomad.
thrusher: The song thrush.
impairer: Someone that impairs.
morindin: A yellow dyestuff extracted from the rootbark of an East Indian plant, Morinda citrifolia.
vavasory: The quality or tenure of the fee held by a vavasor.
vavasory: The lands held by a vavasor.
uva ursi: The bearberry.
sicamore: Archaic form of sycamore.
platness: Flatness.
pendence: slope; inclination
pendence: pendency; suspension in time; delay
harpress: A woman who plays the harp; a female harpist.
metalman: A man who works with metals.
metalman: A workman who takes the roof down to give the miners more height to work in.
ginhouse: A building where cotton is ginned.
diagraph: A drawing instrument that combines a protractor and scale.
art game: A video game designed to convey an aesthetic and provoke a reaction, rather than to provide a traditional diversion with set goals.
toplight: A lantern or light on the top of a vessel.
toplight: Alternative form of top light.
stuccoer: An artist who works in stucco; stuccoist.
waywiser: An instrument for measuring distance travelled; an odometer, pedometer, or perambulator.
victuall: Obsolete spelling of victual
Manx cat: A domestic cat of a breed that is native to the Isle of Man, principally characterized by suppression of the tail, and with a short-haired coat and a medium-sized, rounded, cobby body.
backband: A band that passes over the back of a horse and holds up the shafts of a carriage.
waygoose: Alternative form of wayzgoose
crantara: A fiery cross used as a rallying signal in the Scottish Highlands.
moration: A delay.
vitrella: One of the transparent lens-like cells in the ocelli of certain arthropods.
rubstone: A stone for scouring or rubbing; a whetstone.
nauscopy: The supposed ability to detect incoming ships, before they come into visual range, by studying certain atmospheric effects.
chappell: Obsolete form of chapel.
dawghtor: Obsolete form of daughter.
captayne: Obsolete form of captain.
bondager: A field worker, especially a woman.
lupuline: Alternative spelling of lupulin
nataloin: A bitter crystalline substance constituting the essential principle of Natal aloes.
kingling: A kinglet; a petty king or ruler.
moonwort: A small fern, Botrychium lunaria (lesser moonwort); later, any member of the genus.
moonwort: Lunaria annua (greater moonwort); also known as honesty and annual honesty.
mokadour: A handkerchief.
homogony: The condition of having homogonous flowers.
gambison: Alternative form of gambeson
hylicist: A philosopher who deals chiefly with matter; one who adopts or teaches hylism.
tubipore: Any member of the alcyonoid genus Tubipora.
flighter: A horizontal vane revolving over the surface of wort in a cooler, so as to produce a circular current in the liquor..
melenite: picric acid used as an explosive
fauchion: Obsolete form of falchion.
anneloid: Any animal resembling an annelid.
palpocil: A minute soft filamentary process springing from the surface of certain hydroids and sponges.
hypernet: The Internet, inclusive of smartphones and WiFi networks.
hypernet: A kind of collection of linked Petri nets.
hyperweb: the software infrastructure for the hypernet, which provides access to data and application storage points in the cloud.
mameluco: A child born of one white parent and one Brazilian Indian parent.
prefacer: The writer of a preface.
diaphote: A supposed instrument designed for transmitting pictures by telegraph. It turned out the device was a hoax.
glossist: A writer of glosses, or comments.
bemoaner: One who bemoans.
gunstone: A cannonball.
ligurite: A variety of sphene or titanite.
manhaden: Alternative form of menhaden
racketer: One who makes, or engages in, a racket.
resinoid: Any substance resembling or containing a resin.
bobaunce: Obsolete form of bobance.
obsessor: One who is obsessive about something.
tennaunt: Obsolete form of tenant.
resiaunt: Obsolete form of resiant.
gallaunt: Obsolete form of gallant.
journall: Obsolete form of journal.
vauntage: Obsolete form of vantage.
remnaunt: Obsolete form of remnant.
pendaunt: Obsolete form of pendant.
pageaunt: Obsolete form of pageant.
servaunt: Obsolete form of servant.
warraunt: Obsolete form of warrant.
briefman: One who makes a brief.
briefman: A copier of a manuscript.
Whigling: A petty or inferior Whig.
filander: A pademelon.
Turanian: A member of any of the Asian peoples who speak Uralic or Altaic (or Turan) languages.
lavisher: One who lavishes.
hardbake: A hard confection made of boiled brown sugar or molasses with almonds, flavoured with orange or lemon juice, similar to a nougat.
galloway: A kind of small horse originally bred in Galloway, Scotland.
glyoxime: The oxime HO-N=CH-CH=N-OH produced by the action of hydroxylamine on glyoxal
Indiaman: A large ship that traded between Britain and India on behalf of the East India Company.
muscarin: Archaic form of muscarine.
phormium: A plant in the genus Phormium, New Zealand flax.
cnidocil: The fine filiform process of a cnidoblast.
powldron: Obsolete form of pauldron.
geoscopy: Knowledge of the earth or soil, obtained by inspection.
lithouse: Alternative form of lit-house
loanland: Land that has been granted temporarily, without any loss of ownership.
folkland: Land held in villeinage, being distributed among the folk, or people, at the pleasure of the lord of the manor, and taken back at his discretion.
oncidium: Any of the genus Oncidium of tropical orchidaceous plants.
haüynite: An isometric tectosilicate feldspathoid mineral with sulfate and chloride.
obtruder: One who obtrudes.
alfenide: An alloy of nickel and silver electroplated with silver.
poriness: porosity
croupade: A leap in which the horse pulls its hind legs up towards the belly.
dipchick: Alternative form of dabchick
nudation: The act of stripping, or making bare or naked.
physicks: Obsolete form of physics.
reprimer: A machine or implement for applying fresh primers to spent cartridge shells, so that the shells may be used again.
headrope: The part of a bolt rope that is sewn to the upper edge or head of a sail.
unpriest: One who is not a priest.
declinal: The act of declining or refusing.
floscule: A floret.
Blue Max: The Pour le Mérite military honour.
besetter: One who, or that which, besets.
hornpike: The garfish.
grayline: Alternative spelling of greyline
traitory: treachery; acts of a traitor
Onondaga: A member of a Native American tribe originally inhabiting Onondaga County, New York.
greyline: A transition line, coinciding with a twilight zone (terminator), where a change in the propagation of radio waves is observed.
greyline: Synonym of twilight zone (“terminator”).
swinesty: A sty, or pen, for swine.
vicarian: A vicar.
teelseed: sesame seed
shoecare: The care and maintenance of shoes.
hogscore: In curling, a distance line drawn across the course between the middle line and the tee.
bodaboda: Alternative form of boda-boda
fanaloka: A Malagasy civet (Fossa fossana).
subagent: A person employed by an agent to transact the whole, or a part, of the business entrusted to the latter.
elegiast: One who composes elegies.
argentan: nickel silver
rimosity: The state of being rimose.
valencia: A kind of woven fabric for waistcoats, having the weft of wool and the warp of silk or cotton.
muslinet: A sort of coarse or light cotton cloth.
dickgirl: A person with a female body plus a penis; usually either a futanari, or a non-op or pre-op trans woman.
corroval: A dark brown alkaloid allied to curare, used by the natives of New Granada as an arrow poison.
Riga fir: A tree, Pinus sylvestris.
levation: The act of raising; elevation or upward motion, such as that produced by the action of a levator muscle
subslice: A slice that makes up part of a larger slice.
halfness: The quality of being half; incompleteness.
flittern: The bark obtained from young oak trees.
flittern: A young oak tree.
grapline: A grapnel (small anchor).
wharfman: A man who works on a wharf.
backworm: The thread-like worm found in filanders, the disease of hawks.
dehuller: A machine that removes hulls.
nauseant: A substance that induces nausea.
teleshow: a television show.
nitriary: An artificial bed of animal matter for the manufacture of nitre by nitrification.
bloggage: blogging
cardcase: A case for visiting cards.
horntail: The wood wasp.
scoparin: A yellow flavonoid gelatinous or crystalline substance found in broom (Cytisus scoparius).
rebiting: The process of deepening worn lines in an etched plate by submitting it to the action of acid again.
henchboy: A follower; footman; page; a servant.
henchboy: A young henchman
creatour: Obsolete form of creator.
taskwork: Work done as a task.
taskwork: Work done by the job; piece work.
rashling: One who behaves rashly.
musquito: Dated form of mosquito.
waterbok: Alternative form of waterbuck
vermetid: Any species of Vermetidae (worm snails).
recaptor: One who recaptures, or takes a prize that had been previously taken.
recaptor: One who recovers or attempts to recover by recaption.
placeful: The quantity that a place contains.
feticism: Obsolete form of fetishism.
recoiler: Someone or something that recoils, or causes a recoil.
traunter: Alternative form of tranter
neuropod: Any neuropodous animal.
foothook: Alternative form of futtock
asbestic: A type of wall plaster that is a byproduct of the manufacture of asbestos from serpentine.
rubbidge: Obsolete form of rubbish.
demiwolf: A mongrel dog, between a dog and a wolf.
avoucher: One who avouches.
Romanism: The tenets of the Church of Rome; the Roman Catholic religion.
e-sports: Short for electronic sports, the competitive play of video games as a commercial spectator sport.
helmette: Obsolete form of helmet.
ringhead: An instrument used for stretching woollen cloth.
balneary: A room for bathing.
devilkin: A little devil.
witcraft: Art or skill of the mind; mental skill; contrivance; invention; the art of wit.
witcraft: The art of reasoning; logic.
gonimium: One of the bluish-green granules that replace the more usual gonidia in certain lichens.
cruellty: Obsolete form of cruelty.
crystall: Obsolete form of crystal.
minerall: Obsolete form of mineral.
indictor: One who indicts.
gondolet: A small gondola.
embodier: One who embodies.
tendence: Obsolete form of tendency.
hot carl: A sexual act of defecating on the face of a sexual partner, usually covered in plastic wrap.
thlipsis: Compression, especially constriction of vessels by an external cause.
thlipsis: A time of hardship.
garookuh: A small fishing vessel of the Persian Gulf.
vincture: A binding.
valvasor: Alternative form of vavasour
nucament: A catkin or ament; the flower cluster of the hazel, pine, willow, etc.
amphiuma: Any of the genus Amphiuma of aquatic salamanders.
livelode: Course of life; means of support; livelihood.
vinatico: Archaic spelling of vinhatico.
essoiner: An attorney who sufficiently excuses the absence of another.
gryphite: A shell of the genus Gryphaea.
grindlet: A small drain.
ballatry: Obsolete form of balladry.
mangcorn: A mixture of wheat and rye, or other species of grain, sown together as one crop.
Pre-Cana: In Catholic tradition, a spiritual retreat for couples about to be married.
bowgrace: A frame or fender of rope or junk, laid out at the sides or bows of a vessel to secure it from damage.
corvetto: A curvet; a leap.
binoxide: Archaic form of dioxide.
fasciole: A band of minute tubercles, bearing modified spines, on the shells of spatangoid sea urchins.
dobchick: Archaic form of dabchick.
rhythmer: One who writes in rhythm, especially in poetic rhythm or meter.
forehoof: A front hoof.
eschalot: Archaic form of shallot.
woulding: An emotion of desire; an inclination; velleity.
henroost: A place used by hens for roosting.
wardmote: A meeting of the inhabitants of a ward, especially in the City of London.
wardmote: A court formerly held in each ward of London, England for trying defaults in matters relating to the watch, police, and the like.
ant sand: An ant-killing powder in granulated form.
hot karl: Alternative form of hot carl
grundsel: Obsolete form of groundsel.
heptarch: a heptarchist
lobefoot: A bird with lobate toes, especially the phalarope.
metapode: The posterior division of the foot in the Gastropoda and Pteropoda.
fourrier: A harbinger (someone who provides lodgings).
mucivore: An insect that feeds on mucus, or the sap of plants, as certain Diptera, of the tribe Mucivora.
hylobate: Any of the genus Hylobates of gibbons.
tamburin: Obsolete form of tambourine.
nugacity: futility; trifling talk or behaviour; drollery
ionidium: Any of the genus Ionidium of violaceous plants, chiefly found in tropical America.
reotrope: Alternative form of rheotrope
thranite: One of the rowers on the topmost of the three benches in a trireme.
guardage: wardship
gorgelet: A small gorget of a bird.
gorgelet: A small gorge.
hepatite: A variety of barite that emits a foetid odour when rubbed or heated.
overgird: Something that encompasses and binds together; an encapsulation.
Gallican: An adherent to, and supporter of, Gallicanism.
fructure: use; fruition; enjoyment
herdbook: A book containing the list and pedigrees of one or more herds of cattle.
fumosity: The quality of being fumous.
fumosity: The fumes of alcoholic drink.
mughouse: An alehouse; a pothouse.
muskadel: Alternative form of muscatel
cudgeler: One who beats with a cudgel.
myrmillo: Alternative form of mirmillo
bibacity: The practice or habit of drinking too much alcohol.
miascite: A granitoid rock containing feldspar, biotite, elaeolite, and sodalite.
populacy: Obsolete form of populace.
spangler: Someone or something that spangles.
clemence: clemency
geognost: Someone versed in geognosy; a geologist.
Bonacker: A native of the Springs area of East Hampton, New York, USA.
grandity: grandness
natchnee: An annual grass, Eleusine coracana, cultivated in India as a food plant.
toluenyl: tolyl
gunstick: A stick to ram down the charge of a musket, etc.; a rammer or ramrod.
fumetere: fumitory
myristin: The myristate of glycerin, found as a vegetable fat in nutmeg butter, etc.
floatage: Alternative form of flotage
anagraph: An inventory; a record.
anagraph: A physician's prescription or recipe.
anagraph: A kind of anagram.
glaucine: An alkaloid obtained from various plant of genus Glaucium (horned poppy).
graffage: The scarp of a ditch or moat.
toppiece: A small wig that covers the top of the head; a toupee.
vizcacha: Alternative spelling of viscacha
figurist: A proponent of figurism.
figurist: One who uses or interprets figurative expressions.
figurist: An artist who produces figures (representations of people, animals, etc.).
rat-race: Alternative form of rat race
bedesman: Obsolete form of beadsman.
tallower: An animal which produces tallow.
tallower: A merchant who deals in tallow.
tapiroid: Any perissodactyl of the superfamily Tapiroidea
twinkler: One who, or that which, twinkles or winks.
twinkler: An eye.
lithoxyl: Petrified wood.
departer: Someone who departs.
departer: Someone who refines metals by separation.
microsat: microsatellite
cannakin: Alternative form of canakin
kannakin: Alternative form of canakin
puck-out: Alternative form of puckout
cannikin: Alternative form of canakin
whinnock: The smallest pig in a litter; the runt.
whinnock: A milk-pail.
infaring: A faring or entering in; entrance; entry.
tænicide: Obsolete form of taenicide.
tæniasis: Obsolete form of taeniasis.
might-be: That which might be or happen; a possibility.
thallate: A salt of a hypothetical thallic acid.
demitone: A semitone.
foziness: The state of being fozy; lack of spirit; dullness.
egressor: One who goes out.
fucivore: An organism which feeds primarily on seaweed.
hatteria: The tuatara.
DDMMYYYY: A format for dates in the Common Era: 2 digit days, months, and 4 digits for the year. e.g: 1/01/2024
indicter: Someone who indicts.
conylene: An oily substance, reportedly C₈H₁₄ and probably a mixture of octadienes, obtained from several derivatives of conine
genearch: The chief of a family, clan, or tribe.
cafetier: Hotel employee working in a cafeterie (pantry).
rhizogen: One of a proposed class of flowering plants growing on the roots of other plants and lacking green foliage.
myriarch: A ruler or commander over 10,000 people, particularly
myriarch: The commander of a Mongolian tomen.
myriarch: A ruler or commander over 10,000 people, particularly
myriarch: The governor of a myriarchy in Mongolian Tibet.
aëration: Alternative form of aeration
amaracus: Marjoram.
methoxyl: A univalent radical, CH₃O-, derived from methanol
polyonym: An object that has a variety of names.
polyonym: A polynomial name or term.
telotype: Synonym of teletype: a telegraph that automatically prints transmited messages in letters rather than Morse code or other symbols; the telegrams produced by this device.
repulser: One who repulses or drives back.
foralite: A tube-like marking found in sandstone and other strata.
foreship: The fore part of a ship.
misdread: Dread of evil.
coagency: Agency in common; joint agency.
standage: A reservoir in which water accumulates at the bottom of a mine.
standage: Space to stand or store railway wagons, such as a siding.
standage: A demurrage charge for wagons not unloaded by the consignee within a reasonable time.
standage: Room for a train to stand if necessary, e.g. between junctions.
alestake: A stake or pole serving as a sign at an alehouse or inn, often with a garland or "bush" attached.
bedchair: A chair with adjustable back to enable an invalid to sit up in bed.
femalist: Someone who courts or pursues the female sex; a womanizer.
qaganate: Alternative form of khaganate
enchaser: One who enchases.
arnicine: An alkaloid obtained from the arnica plant.
pelorism: An abnormality in plants where the flower appears to revert to an earlier form.
feuterer: A keeper of dogs, especially of greyhounds.
granatin: mannitol
granatin: Either of two ellagitannins, granatin A or granatin B, derived from pomegranates
morricer: A morris dancer.
cyanuret: cyanide
lock-out: Alternative form of lockout
rackwork: Any mechanism with a rack, such as a rack and pinion.
draglink: A link connecting the cranks of two shafts.
draglink: A drawbar.
isatogen: A complex nitrogenous radical, C₈H₄NO₂, related to isatin.
downslur: A slur in which the pitch of the note descends.
Glassite: Alternative form of Glasite
tied oil: Any oil that is either a light oil, or a heavy oil that falls into the excise definition of gas oil, fuel oil or kerosene.
clanship: An association under a chieftain.
clanship: The state of being united together, as if in a clan; cliquishness.
Tribecan: A native or inhabitant of Tribeca.
femslash: Slash fiction that focuses on romantic and/or sexual relationships between female characters.
bronzist: One who makes, collects, or deals in bronzes.
bridebed: The marriage bed.
tendment: attendance; care
botchery: An act of botching.
botchery: Something botched; clumsy or careless workmanship.
Genevese: A native or inhabitant of Geneva.
hemicarp: One portion of a fruit that spontaneously divides into halves.
savagism: The state of being savage; wildness; lack of civility.
ethidene: ethylidene
ricinine: An alkaloid extracted from the seeds of the castor oil plant.
federary: A confederate; an accomplice.
birdikin: A young bird.
overdoer: Someone who overdoes something.
paparchy: Government by a pope; papal rule.
Boodhist: Archaic form of Buddhist.
esteemer: One who esteems; one who sets a high value on something.
fervence: Obsolete form of fervency.
schemist: A schemer.
schemist: A proponent of a scheme or system.
schemist: An astrologer.
noctuary: A record of what passes in the night; a nightly journal.
blastule: Alternative form of blastula
puppyism: Extreme meanness, affectation, conceit, or impudence.
puppyism: Youthful folly.
levelism: The political aim of levelling all distinctions of rank in society; egalitarianism.
beesting: Alternative form of beestings (“The first milk drawn from an animal (especially a cow) after it has given birth”)
beesting: Alternative form of bee sting
sticcado: A musical instrument resembling a xylophone.
backroll: The state of having been reverted, restored
backroll: The rolling the marijuana cigarette in a certain fashion
blastoid: A member of an extinct class of echinoderms, the Blastoidea.
blastoid: A blastocyst grown in-vitro.
mountlet: A small or low mountain.
attaghan: Archaic form of yataghan.
sidemeat: A cut of pork with a sweet taste, typically taken from above the flank of the pig.
loresman: An instructor or teacher of traditional wisdom.
excretin: A non-nitrogenous crystalline body present in small quantities in human feces.
persicot: A cordial made of the kernels of apricots, nectarines, etc., with refined spirit.
muringer: Alternative spelling of murenger
renterer: One who renters.
misletoe: Archaic form of mistletoe.
optimity: The state of being best.
zygolith: A form of coccolithophore having an elliptical ring with arches
excentre: Alternative spelling of excenter
relessor: Archaic form of releasor.
silkweed: Any plant of the genus Asclepias whose seed vessels contain a long, silky down; milkweed.
merosity: The number of component parts in a whorl, most commonly of flowers.
ballader: A writer of ballads.
phrenics: The branch of science that relates to the mind; mental philosophy.
Brownist: One who advocates the Brunonian system of medicine.
Brownist: An English Dissenter and follower of Robert Browne (Brownist) (1540–1633).
DCAPBTLS: Alternative form of DCAP-BTLS
towtruck: Alternative form of tow truck
subtutor: An assistant tutor.
orangite: An orange-yellow variety of thorite, found in Norway.
lavation: A washing or cleansing.
saponule: A soapy mixture obtained by treating an essential oil with an alkali; hence, any similar compound of an essential oil.
Teloogoo: Archaic form of Telugu.
lionship: The state of being a lion, or famous person in society.
thesicle: A little or subordinate thesis; a proposition.
chaffern: A vessel for heating water.
sheltrum: Alternative form of sheltron
amblygon: An obtuse-angled figure, especially a triangle.
gundelet: A gondola.
snowslip: A large mass or avalanche of snow which slips down the side of a mountain, etc.
mortling: An animal, such as a sheep, that has died of disease or privation.
mortling: Wool taken from a dead sheep.
thallene: A hydrocarbon obtained from coal tar residues, remarkable for its intense yellowish-green fluorescence.
penwiper: A cloth or other material for wiping off or cleaning ink from a pen.
defendee: One who is defended.
sea pass: A document formerly carried by neutral merchant vessels in wartime to show their nationality.
scuffler: Someone who scuffles.
scuffler: An agricultural implement resembling a scarifier, but usually lighter.
melodics: The branch of music theory that deals with pitch and melody.
penality: The quality or state of being penal; liability to punishment.
woolfell: A skin with the wool attached.
famosity: The state or quality of being famous.
epispore: The thickish outer coat of certain spores.
mynchery: A nunnery.
leverock: Alternative form of laverock
garancin: A pigment extracted from madder by sulphuric acid. It consists essentially of alizarin.
priedieu: A kneeling desk for prayers.
sidehill: The side or slope of a hill; a sloping descent.
flincher: One who flinches.
bearherd: A person who tends a bear.
scribbet: A painter's pencil.
caramusa: A traditional bagpipe from Corsica.
sextolet: A double triplet; a group of six equal notes played in the time of four.
gnatling: A tiny gnat.
duskness: duskiness
complier: One who complies or obeys.
minacity: Synonym of menace: The action or process of threatening or the tendancy to threaten.
Socotran: A native or inhabitant of Socotra.
nanogear: A nanoscale gear
Khoikhoi: Alternative form of Khoekhoe
deceptor: A deceiver (weaver of deceptions).
thienone: A ketone derivative of thiophene obtained as a white crystalline substance, C₄H₃S)₂.CO, by the action of aluminium chloride and carbonyl chloride on thiophene.
gabeller: Alternative form of gabeler
frizette: A fringe of hair or curls around a woman's forehead.
frizette: A pad of frizzed hair or silk formerly worn by women under the hair to stuff it out.
adeptist: A skilled alchemist.
gynobase: a short conical or flat elevation of the receptacle of a flower, bearing the gynoecium
snaphead: A hemispherical or rounded head to a rivet or bolt.
snaphead: A swaging tool with a cavity in its face for forming such a rounded head.
sparklet: A small spark.
basifier: That which converts into a salifiable base.
blancher: One who, or that which, blanches or whitens; especially, one who anneals and cleanses money, or a chemical preparation for this purpose.
blancher: A machine for blanching or whitening.
blancher: One who, or that which, frightens away or turns aside.
albiness: A female albino.
bijoutry: Alternative spelling of bijouterie.
open jaw: A fare construction where the destination is not the same as the origin point for the return, or where the origin differs from the return destination.
gurgoyle: Obsolete form of gargoyle.
doryline: Any member of the ant subfamily Dorylinae.
glowlamp: An aphlogistic lamp.
glowlamp: An incandescent lamp.
Doricism: A Doric phrase or idiom.
Doricism: The Doric style of architecture.
siphilis: Archaic form of syphilis.
hypohyal: One of the hypohyal bones or cartilages.
bodyswap: The act or event of two people or other thinking creatures exchanging minds (by magic, technology, or other means), so that each one ends up in the physical body of the other.
bookmate: A schoolfellow; an associate in studying.
errorist: One who encourages and propagates error.
errorist: One who holds onto an erroneous belief.
grindery: The materials used by leatherworkers.
grindery: A mill where something is ground.
Caribbee: One of the Carib people.
periotic: A bone in the inner ear, the periotic bone.
reedwork: The reed stops of an organ.
optogram: An image of external objects fixed on the retina by the photochemical action of light on the visual purple.
orbicule: An inclusion in an igneous rock
orbicule: A lipid droplet, covered by sporopollenin, in the anthers of some plants
nitrokeg: A beer keg pressurised by nitrogen rather than carbon dioxide.
porpesse: Obsolete form of porpoise.
barwoman: A woman who serves drinks at a bar.
catwoman: A woman in a cat costume.
spousess: A wife or bride.
dukeship: The quality or condition of being a duke.
periople: The external smooth horny layer of a hoof.
bedstock: The front or back part of the frame of a bedstead.
chiefrie: A small rent paid to the lord paramount.
terreity: The quality of being earthy.
inertion: Lack of activity or exertion; inertness; quietude.
inertion: The process of inerting; the use of an inert gas to reduce the risk of explosion.
lactucin: One of the essential ingredients of lactucarium, having analgesic and sedative properties.
nolleity: The state of being unwilling; nolition.
pepperer: A grocer.
gnatworm: The aquatic larva of a gnat.
Chaldaic: A Chaldean.
anophyte: A moss or similar plant with cellular stems, having usually an upward growth and distinct leaves.
clubbist: A member of a club; one who frequents clubs.
misorder: Disorder; irregularity.
demitint: That part of a painting, engraving, etc. which is neither in full darkness nor full light.
demitint: The shade itself; neither the darkest nor the lightest in a composition.
bubaline: A buffalo
cookroom: A kitchen or room for cookery.
cookroom: The galley or caboose of a ship.
incomity: Lack of comity; incivility; rudeness.
reforger: Someone who reforges.
entierty: Obsolete form of entirety.
iodyrite: silver iodide
cercopod: One of the jointed antenniform appendages of the posterior somites of certain insects.
bootdisk: Alternative form of boot disk
mud army: The volunteer helpers assisting the victims of the 2010/2011 floods in South East Queensland.
corocore: A kind of boat of various forms, used in the Malay Archipelago.
siphonet: One of the two dorsal tubular organs on the rear part of the abdomen of aphids, which secrete honeydew.
pantalet: One of the legs of the loose drawers formerly worn by children and women; especially the lower part of such a garment, coming below the knee, often made in a separate piece.
packtong: Alternative form of paktong
roughleg: Buteo lagopus, a bird of prey.
dummerer: One who pretends to be unable to speak.
hallmote: In England, a court held in a justice's hall; a court-leet; court-baron.
mislayer: One who mislays.
rosehead: A many-sided pyramidal head upon a nail.
rosehead: A nail with that kind of head.
moreland: Archaic form of moorland.
digamist: One who marries a second time; a deuterogamist.
laystall: A place where rubbish, dung, etc., are laid or deposited.
laystall: A place where milk-giving cows are kept, or cattle on the way to market are lodged.
verticle: An axis or hinge; a turning point.
Cathayan: A native or inhabitant of Cathay, or China.
Nixonian: Synonym of Nixonite
rumbooze: Alternative form of rambooze
furfurol: Alternative form of furfural (“an aldehyde”); see furfurol.
gaoliang: Alternative form of kaoliang
suicidee: One who commits suicide.
raindeer: Obsolete spelling of reindeer
rereview: A subsequent review.
rambooze: A drink made from wine, ale (or milk), sugar, etc.
woolskin: A sheepskin with the wool still attached.
miauling: The cry of a cat.
shlenter: A fake, especially a fake diamond.
shlenter: A scam, ploy, fraud, trick.
shlenter: A scammer.
amphigen: An element that in combination produces amphid salt; applied by Jöns Jacob Berzelius to oxygen, sulphur, selenium, and tellurium.
analyzis: Misspelling of analysis.
boothman: One who mans a booth, such as at a fair or (historically) a Thing.
boothman: A corn merchant, especially one in Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
boothman: A projectionist at a movie theater.
hexdecyl: The essential radical, C₁₆H₃₃, of hecdecane.
cerotene: A white waxy solid obtained from Chinese wax, and by the distillation of cerotin.
plainant: One who makes complaint; the plaintiff.
gymnogen: A gymnosperm.
furriery: Furs in general.
furriery: The business of a furrier; the fur trade.
earreach: earshot
washitsu: A Japanese room with tatami flooring and usually sliding doors.
whittret: Alternative spelling of whitret (“weasel”)
railleur: A banterer; a jester; a mocker.
oshibori: A moist towel for cleaning the hands, offered to customers in Japanese restaurants and bars.
bardship: The state of being a bard.
muconate: A salt of muconic acid.
satoyama: A border zone or area between mountain foothills and arable flat land in Japan.
fetterer: One who fetters.
syngraph: A document signed by both or all of the parties to a contract or bond.
urosteon: A median ossification at the back of the lophosteon in the sternum of some birds.
rareripe: An agricultural plant that ripens early.
goodship: goodness
hemitone: A semitone.
lifemate: A companion for life.
decadist: A writer of a book divided into decades.
seasoner: One who, or that which, seasons or gives a relish.
seasoner: A sailor who is hired for a season.
seasoner: A loafer or beachcomber.
seasoner: A conker that has been stored for a whole year and allowed to harden.
lakeweed: The water pepper, an aquatic plant of the family Polygonaceae.
fistinut: A pistachio nut.
iriscope: A philosophical toy for exhibiting the prismatic tints by means of thin films.
eikosane: Archaic form of eicosane.
megadyne: A unit of force equal to one million dynes
Japanazi: Any citizen of the Axis powers who opposed the Allies in the Second World War.
C-ration: An individual canned, precooked, or prepared wet ration formerly issued to land forces in the US military.
terebate: A salt of terebic acid.
floorage: floorspace
bongrace: A projecting bonnet or shade to protect the complexion.
bongrace: A wide-brimmed hat.
cobstone: A cobblestone.
relessee: rare spelling of releasee
argentry: Silver plate or vessels.
barrator: One who is guilty of barratry, vexing others with frequent and often groundless lawsuits; a brangler and pettifogger.
barrator: One who abuses their office by dealing fraudulently.
barrator: One who buys or sells political or ecclesiastic offices.
barrator: One who abuses their office by dealing fraudulently.
barrator: A judge who accepts bribes.
barrator: One who abuses their office by dealing fraudulently.
barrator: A ship's master who commits gross fraud or barratry.
barrator: A quarrelsome person, one who fights, a bully.
roestone: oolite
wharfing: Wharfs collectively.
wharfing: The material for constructing a wharf.
wharfing: A technique of facing seawalls and embankments with planks driven as piles and secured by ties.
atropism: atropine poisoning
echinate: A bristly grain or pollen
maegbote: Compensation for the injury done by slaying a kinsman.
vacherin: A soft cow's-milk cheese from France and Switzerland.
vacherin: A kind of cake made with meringue and cream or ice cream.
road car: A car designed to drive on public roads, especially as opposed to a race car.
fuckpole: A penis.
drollist: A droll; a buffoon.
steatoma: A cyst containing matter like suet.
footfuck: The act of sexual penetration with the feet or toes.
thornhog: A hedgehog.
overbend: The portion of a pipeline that curves downward from a higher level to the inflection point where the surface holding the upper part is no longer supporting the pipe.
overbend: An instance of overbending (bending too far).
overbend: The amount by which a material has been overbent.
overbend: A note that is played sharp due to overbending.
overbend: A note that is played sharp due to overbending.
giftpack: A package of gifts.
bay salt: Salt obtained from seawater by evaporation in shallow pits or basins, by the heat of the sun.
pulpitry: The teachings of the pulpit; preaching.
Naderite: A supporter of Ralph Nader (born 1934), American political activist.
carbazol: Dated form of carbazole.
folkmoot: A general meeting (assembly) of the people of a town, district, or shire.
humorism: The theory of the influence of the humors in the production of disease.
humorism: The manner or disposition of a humorist; humorousness.
antagony: contest; opposition; antagonism
misclaim: A mistaken claim.
Essenism: The doctrines or practices of the Essenes.
broidery: embroidery
scambler: One who scambles.
scambler: A bold intruder upon the hospitality of others; a mealtime visitor.
handmark: The mark of a hand; a handprint.
Upsaroka: Archaic form of Absaroka.
link rot: Alternative form of linkrot
picturer: One who makes pictures; a painter.
flagworm: A worm or grub, such as Corthylus columbianus (chestnut timber worm, Columbian timber beetle), found among flags and sedge.
lixivium: A solution of alkaline salts extracted from wood ashes.
lixivium: Any solution obtained by lixiviation.
angelage: The existence or state of angels.
high-low: Alternative form of highlow (“type of shoe”)
high-low: A card game where a player has to guess if the next card will be higher or lower than the one shown.
fixidity: The quality of being fixed.
furacity: The habit of, or addiction to, theft; thievery.
strockle: A shovel with a turned-up edge, for frit, sand, etc.
fairhood: fairness; beauty
recision: The act of cutting off.
ericolin: A glucoside found in the bearberry (and other ericaceous plants).
cookmaid: A female servant who assists the cook.
Limenean: A native or inhabitant of Lima.
escambio: A licence formerly required for the making over a bill of exchange to another person overseas.
ommateum: A compound eye, found on, for example, insects and crustaceans.
tramroad: A road designed for use by trams or wagons.
elapsion: The act of elapsing.
snobling: A little snob.
iterance: iteration
timeling: A timeserver.
meterage: The act of measuring.
meterage: The cost of measuring.
endocyst: An inner layer of the cyst walls of Bryozoa.
metazoon: One of the Metazoa.
rubidine: A nitrogenous base homologous with pyridine, obtained from coal tar as an oily liquid, C₁₁H₁₇N.
rubidine: Any metameric compound in the same group as the above.
chamfret: A small gutter; a furrow or groove.
chamfret: A chamfer.
Turcoman: A member of a mainly nomadic Turkic people inhabiting a region east of the Caspian Sea; a Turkmen.
Turcoman: A kind of carpet or rug supposed to be made by the Turcomans.
hellkite: A person who is cruel and wicked, like a devil.
incloser: Archaic form of encloser.
spousage: espousal
ganzfeld: Applied to a particular phenomenon of visual perception.
carbanil: CO.N.C₆H₅, the phenyl salt of isocyanic acid.
anteport: An outer port, gate, or door.
randomer: A stranger; anybody; any old person.
corymbus: A topknot anciently worn by girls in their hair.
ballotin: A small, elegant box (usually containing chocolates).
ballotin: An officer in charge of a ballot box.
costning: Temptation.
hogapple: Alternative spelling of hog apple
hog deer: a small deer whose habitat ranges from Pakistan, through northern India, to mainland southeast Asia.
Mahratti: Dated form of Marathi.
rasorite: kernite
hystorie: Obsolete form of history.
donatour: Obsolete form of donator.
heanling: A base, abject, or humble person; a wretch.
ceruleum: A greenish-blue pigment consisting essentially of cobalt stannate.
erectour: Obsolete spelling of erector
auditour: Obsolete form of auditor.
curatour: Obsolete form of curator.
elastoma: Any tumour formed of elastic tissue
proctour: Obsolete form of proctor.
janthina: Alternative form of ianthina
electour: Obsolete spelling of elector
lamentin: Alternative form of lamantin
top spot: The first position in a ranking.
jentling: A chub (Squalius cephalus, syn. Leuciscus cephalus) found in the Danube.
jewstone: A fossil of a spine of a sea urchin, once used in the Middle East as a medicine
orseille: archil
finnesko: A thermal boot made from reindeer skin and fur.
servelet: Alternative form of servlet
euphrasy: The eyebright, Euphrasia officinalis.
junctura: joint, juncture
episemon: An insignia or some other distinguishing symbol.
episemon: The Greek letter digamma.
episemon: The digamma, koppa, or sampi as a Greek numeral sign.
outrager: One who outrages.
kaodzera: A form of trypanosomiasis prevalent in Zimbabwe.
kalaemia: Alternative form of kalemia
kallidin: A decapeptide kinin, produced in the kidneys, that causes dilation of renal blood vessels and increased water excretion.
octulose: Any octose containing a ketone group
corallin: A mixture of phenolic dyestuffs consisting mostly of aurin.
jackarse: A jackass (foolish or obnoxious person).
bigeminy: The alternation of one normal heartbeat and one premature heartbeat.
loucoumi: Alternative form of loukoumi
open air: the outside
open air: the outdoors; a space not surrounded by walls.
loukoumi: Turkish delight.
baetulus: A meteorite or similar stone artificially shaped, held sacred or worshipped as of divine origin.
donk bet: An opening bet made out of position by a pre-flop caller after the flop.
kavakava: Synonym of kava (“the plant”)
phlorone: A yellow crystalline substance resembling the quinones and obtained from beechwood tar and coal tar, or by the oxidation of xylidine.
incensor: A censer (container for burning incense).
incensor: One who kindles anger or enmity; an inciter.
enjoiner: One who enjoins.
lustwort: The sundew.
fazzolet: A handkerchief.
roseworm: The larva of any of several species of lepidopterous insects that feed upon the leaves, buds, or blossoms of the rose, especially Choristoneura rosaceana, the bristled roseworm, oblique banded leaf roller, or rosaceous leaf roller, and the curled roseworm.
multiped: Alternative form of multipede
tolylene: A hydrocarbon radical, C₆H₄.(CH₂)₂, regarded as characteristic of certain toluene derivatives.
odourant: Alternative form of odorant
acampsia: Rigidity of a joint.
alloyage: The act or art of alloying metals.
alloyage: The combination or alloy thus produced.
semipupa: The young of an insect in a stage between larva and pupa.
eupyrion: A device historically used for obtaining instantaneous light, such as a lucifer match.
hackbuss: Obsolete form of arquebus.
photopsy: photopsia
lomonite: laumontite
gib boom: Alternative form of jib boom
ravenala: Any of the genus Ravenala.
perisarc: The outer hardened integument that covers most hydrozoan coelenterates
gasolier: Alternative form of gasalier
sermonet: A short sermon.
retineum: Part of the eye of an invertebrate which corresponds in function with the retina of a vertebrate.
cerebrin: A non-phosphorized nitrogenous substance, obtained from brain and nerve tissue by extraction with boiling alcohol. It is uncertain whether it exists as such in nerve tissue, or is a product of the decomposition of some more complex substance.
ascetick: Obsolete spelling of ascetic
musicker: A musician.
bergeret: A pastoral song.
yangonin: A particular kavalactone.
deaconry: deaconship
runghead: The upper end of a floor timber in a ship.
magicker: One who does magic; a sorcerer or magician.
ditheist: One who holds the doctrine of ditheism; a dualist.
ovariole: a tubular component of the insect ovary, a basic unit of egg production
eyeblack: Alternative spelling of eye black
endosarc: entoplasm
seabeach: A beach lying along the sea.
acardius: acardiacus
acaryote: akaryocyte
acanthor: The spindle-shaped embryo stage of Acanthocephala that burrows into the body cavity of its first intermediate host.
finnikin: An extinct variety of pigeon, with a crest somewhat resembling the mane of a horse.
gallivat: A small armed vessel, with sails and oars, used on the Malabar coast.
taxiarch: An Athenian military officer commanding a certain division of an army.
tiki bar: A drinking establishment or restaurant with an exotic tropical theme, serving elaborate cocktails.
metacism: A defect in pronouncing the letter M, or excessive use of it.
hornfish: The garfish or sea needle.
Gemarist: Someone versed in the Gemara, or adhering to its teachings.
tallwood: Firewood cut into billets of a certain length.
rebeldom: The realm or sphere of rebels; rebels collectively.
rebeldom: The behaviour of rebels; rebellion.
resalgar: Obsolete form of realgar.
resiance: residence; abode
repealer: One who repeals.
repealer: One who seeks a repeal; specifically, an advocate for the repeal of the Articles of Union between Great Britain and Ireland.
oleosity: The state or quality of being oily or fat; fatness.
truckful: As much as a truck can hold.
forebeam: The breast beam of a loom.
forebeam: A horizontal spar across the bow of some sailing vessels, used to stabilize the hulls of a catamaran, to secure a bowsprit, or to tie down the tack when there is no bowsprit.
forebeam: The support section of a robot arm that goes from the main body of the robot to the gripper.
forebeam: The leading portion of a remote signal from a moving source.
gnasting: Gnashing.
alitrunk: The segment of an insect's body to which the wings are attached; the thorax or mesosoma.
classick: Obsolete form of classic.
assistor: Alternative form of assister
muchwhat: Many matters.
tonewood: Any wood suitable for use in the construction of a musical instrument.
acephaly: The congenital lack of a head (especially in a parasitic twin)
hailshot: Small shot that scatters like hailstones.
biopixel: Any of an organized array of colonial bacteria
acetenyl: ethynyl
megalops: A larva, in a stage following the zoea, in the development of most crabs. In this stage the legs and abdominal appendages have appeared, the abdomen is relatively long, and the eyes are large.
megalops: A large fish; the tarpum.
menadiol: The dihydric alcohol formed by reduction of menadione.
triarchy: Government by three persons; a triumvirate.
triarchy: A country under three rulers.
divinour: Obsolete spelling of diviner
grantour: Obsolete spelling of grantor
equatour: Rare spelling of equator.
bee bite: Synonym of bee sting.
accusour: Obsolete form of accuser.
honourer: Alternative form of honorer
colourer: Alternative form of colorer
rat wall: A thin barrier of concrete or similar material, buried around a building's foundation to keep rats out.
anticker: One who performs antics; a comic performer.
aortitis: Inflammation of the aorta.
vegaroni: vegan imitation pepperoni
gabexate: A serine protease inhibitor ethyl 4-[6-(diaminomethylideneamino-)hexanoyloxy]benzoate that is used in the treatment of pancreatitis.
cesspipe: A pipe for carrying off waste water, etc., from a sink or cesspool.
knowledg: Obsolete form of knowledge.
losenger: A flatterer; a deceiver; a cozener.
palmitin: A glyceride of palmitic acid
toyhouse: A house for children to play in or play with.
digestor: Dated form of digester.
trollery: Online behavior that is deliberately provocative or disruptive.
anconeus: A muscle of the elbow and forearm.
amidogen: The amino radical, •NH₂, the neutral form of the amide ion −NH₂⁻, regardable as the ammonia molecule with one of its hydrogen atoms removed.
tamanoir: giant anteater
capeline: A steel skullcap formerly worn by members of the military.
capeline: A kind of cavalry helmet seen in the English Civil War.
capeline: A light woollen hood worn by ladies going out to an evening party.
capeline: A cap-shaped bandage for the head or for the stump of an amputated limb.
trendite: A person given to following trends.
showhome: A house that is furnished and shown to prospective home-buyers as an example of the kind of house they may buy.
mailbomb: Alternative form of mail bomb
textuary: One who is well versed in Scripture; a textman.
textuary: One who adheres strictly or rigidly to a text.
heelpost: The post supporting the outer end of a propeller shaft.
heelpost: The post to which a gate or door is hinged.
heelpost: The quoin post of a lock gate.
mobocrat: One who favours a form of government in which the unintelligent populace rules without restraint.
subbreed: A race or strain differing in certain characteristics from the parent breed.
slopwork: The manufacture of slops, or cheap ready-made clothing.
slopwork: Clothing of this kind.
slopwork: Hasty, slovenly work of any kind.
ammodyte: One of the genus Ammodytes of fishes; the sand eel.
ammodyte: A species of viper (Vipera ammodytes) of southeastern Europe.
acheiria: The congenital absence of one or both hands
acheiria: A loss of sense in one or both hands, or the inability to tell on which side of the body a stimulus has been applied
technoid: A person interested in or skilled with technology.
achatina: Any of the snails of the genus Achatina.
acheilia: A congenital absence of lips, liplessness
burganet: Alternative form of burgonet
pipestem: The hollow stem or tube of a pipe used for smoking tobacco, etc.
pipestem: The pale bridewort (Spiraea alba).
pipestem: A driveway that leads to multiple residences, often maintained or owned jointly by the residents along the driveway; a shared driveway.
picromel: A colourless viscous substance having a bittersweet taste, formerly supposed to be the essential principle of bile, but later identified as a mixture, principally of salts of glycocholic acid and taurocholic acid.
workloom: A tool or implement.
monocarp: Any monocarpic plant.
quebrith: sulfur
quellung: The swelling of the capsule of a bacterium; once used to identify the bacteria
rendrock: A kind of dynamite used in blasting.
spurrier: A maker of spurs.
quirpele: The Indian mongoose
colluder: One who colludes; one who conspires.
traxanox: An antiallergic drug.
pillwort: Any plant of the genus Pilularia of minute aquatic ferns with small pill-shaped sporangia.
coherald: A joint herald.
asscrack: Alternative spelling of ass crack
organule: One of the essential cells or elements of an organ.
scorpene: The scorpionfish, a marine food fish of the genus Scorpaena.
halseman: An executioner.
pasturer: One who pastures; one who takes cattle to graze.
choluria: The presence of bile pigments in the urine.
slutface: A contemptible promiscuous person.
coystrel: Alternative form of coistril
porkling: A young pig; a porket.
beauship: The state of being a beau; the personality of a beau.
panorpid: Any in the family Panorpidae of scorpionflies.
bitchfit: A tantrum, especially from a woman.
rubiacin: A substance found in madder root, and probably identical with ruberythrinic acid.
nocument: harm; injury; detriment
folkmote: Alternative form of folkmoot
greegree: Alternative form of gris-gris
imitater: Alternative form of imitator
cartbote: Wood to which a tenant is entitled for making and repairing carts and other instruments of husbandry.
sweeting: A sweet apple.
sweeting: A darling; term of endearment.
acinitis: inflammation of an acinus
liripipe: Obsolete form of liripoop.
dies non: A day on which courts are not held.
mannitan: Any polymer of mannose
altheine: asparagine
moroxite: A greenish-blue variety of apatite.
inactose: An optically inactive variety of sugar, found in certain plants.
asspussy: The anus, as the receiving orifice in anal sex.
lilywort: Any plant of the lily family or order.
Ironside: A trooper in the Parliamentarian cavalry formed by English political leader Oliver Cromwell in the 17th century, during the English Civil War.
acolasia: licentiousness
Jack Nod: sleep
zandmole: The sand mole or coast rat (Bathyergus suillus)
popehead: Catholic
kiddhoge: Any cloth worn over the head or shoulders as a shawl, blindfold, etc.
epiploce: A figure of speech by which one striking circumstance is added, in due gradation, to another; escalation to a climax.
epiploce: Synonym of anaclasis
amusette: A light field cannon, or stocked gun mounted on a swivel.
embusqué: One who avoids military service; a draft dodger.
metamere: One of successive or homodynamous parts in animals and plants; one of a series of similar parts that follow one another in a vertebrate or articulate animal, as in an earthworm; a segment or somite.
cosherer: One who coshers.
glyconin: An emulsion of glycerin and egg yolk, used as an ointment, as a vehicle for medicines, etc.
nightman: A person whose job is cleaning cesspools or sewers, or emptying privies by night.
nightman: A male night shift worker.
nightman: A nightwatchman; a guard who works at night.
heroship: The character or personality of a hero.
villanel: A ballad.
spurgall: A place galled or excoriated by use of the spur.
drugster: A druggist.
porchway: A porch.
infusory: One of the Infusoria.
lepidine: 4-methylquinoline, a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound used in the preparation of certain dyes.
aurantia: An orange coal-tar dye that is an ammonium salt of hexanitrodiphenylamine.
shikumen: An architectural style found in Shanghai, China, consisting of two or three floors and a front yard protected by high walls.
heelbone: The bone of the heel; the calcaneus.
saintism: The character or quality of saints.
saintism: Hypocritical pretence of holiness; sanctimoniousness.
ambreate: A salt of ambreic acid.
stillion: A stand, as for casks or vats in a brewery, or for pottery while drying.
gavelock: A spear or dart.
gavelock: An iron crowbar.
fulgency: brightness; splendour; glitter; effulgence
florimer: Obsolete form of floramour.
monoseme: A single semeion or mora.
monoseme: A monosemous term; a term with one meaning.
monoseme: An underlying meaning of a word, more general than a sememe.
begathon: A fundraising drive that actively solicits donations, especially one to support a public television or radio station.
senology: The branch of pathology that deals with disorders of the breast
bikelash: Negative or hostile reaction to cyclists, especially from motorists or law enforcement.
nosegear: An undercarriage or landing gear located underneath the nose of an aircraft.
bookling: A short-length or compact book, typically under one hundred pages.
RST code: A code used to express the quality of a radio signal being received, standing for Readability, Strength and (for nonvoice communication) Tone.
retirade: A kind of retrenchment, as in the body of a bastion, which may be disputed inch by inch after the defenses are dismantled. It usually consists of two faces which make a reentering angle.
ditroite: An igneous rock composed of orthoclase, elaeolite, and sodalite.
pilidium: The free-swimming, hat-shaped larva of certain nemertean worms. It has no resemblance to its parent, and the young worm develops in its interior.
lashline: The line of the eyelash.
lashline: A rope for tying pieces of scenery together.
foremath: A first mowing; that which is gleaned from a first or prior mowing.
foremath: Something preceding or producing a particular outcome; events that have yet to occur, or are in the process of occurring.
foundery: Dated form of foundry.
stallman: One who keeps a stall for the sale of merchandise, especially books.
stallman: A subcontractor in charge of a stall or working place.
cateress: A woman who caters.
driftage: Deviation from a ship's course due to leeway.
driftage: Anything that drifts.
seapiece: A picture representing a scene at sea; a marine picture.
lodesman: A pilot; navigator.
melanure: A small fish of the Mediterranean, Oblada melanura
fristing: A delay; suspension; postponement.
langlauf: Cross-country skiing.
langlauf: A langlauf run; a trip cross-country skiing.
orbation: The state of being orbate, or deprived of parents or children; privation, in general; bereavement.
dunnekin: An outhouse: an outbuilding used as a lavatory.
cornland: land used for or suitable for the growing of corn
owliness: The condition of being an owl or having owllike characteristics.
owliness: The state of being in an ill temper; crankiness.
surveyal: survey
euonymin: A principle or mixture of principles derived from Euonymus atropurpureus, a spindle tree.
melitose: Synonym of raffinose
scarping: A scarp (cliff caused by erosion).
scarping: The formation of cliffs by erosion.
murdress: Archaic form of murderess.
murdress: A battlement with interstices for firing through.
caseness: The state of accepted standardized diagnostic criteria for a given condition applying to a given patient, or the degree to which they are so applicable.
ectocyst: The outside covering of the Bryozoa.
mesmeree: A person subjected to mesmeric influence; one who is mesmerized.
laxation: The act of loosening or slackening, or the state of being loosened or slackened.
laxation: Defecation.
top seed: The player or team given the highest ranking in a seeded tournament, who has the most favourable draw.
nanoWatt: Alternative letter-case form of nanowatt
fracting: Alternative form of fracking
phalaris: Any of several grasses of the genus Phalaris
biosonar: echolocation in animals
genebank: Alternative form of gene bank
metagene: An aggregate pattern of gene expression
baby fat: The natural fat on the body of a child or young animal that normally disappears at adolescence.
baby fat: Bodyfat gained by a woman during pregnancy.
plessite: A meteorite texture consisting of a fine-grained mixture of the minerals kamacite and taenite, found in the octahedrite iron meteorites.
phloxine: A red dye used in the hematoxylin-phloxine-saffron stain ("HPS stain"), commonly employed in performing an eosinophil count by hemocytometer.
hornworm: A caterpillar of a hawk moth that has a hornlike tail process.
hornworm: Some moths in the genus Manduca of the hawk moth family Sphingidae.
wandwork: The use of a wand [sense 3] (or any other such instrument or tool, even an extended finger in any practical magical practice involving casting spells, or in a mystical or religious ritual/ceremony; e.g., drawing symbols such as pentagrams in the air to summon or dismiss elemental spirits, as in Wicca.
wandwork: The use of a wand [sense 3] in a stage-magic performance.
wandwork: The use of a long wand [sense 4] in training horses.
wandwork: The use of a long thick wand [sense 4] in calisthenic exercises.
wandwork: A thing or things made of woven wands [sense 4]; wickerwork.
spermary: An organ in which spermatozoa are developed; a sperm gland; a testicle.
treatize: Obsolete form of treatise.
bushwalk: A hike; an off-road walk in the countryside, possibly wearing a backpack, undertaken as a leisure activity.
cowardie: cowardice
warproof: Valour tried by war.
gazement: View, stare.
resorter: One who resorts; a frequenter.
beauxite: Archaic form of bauxite.
camikini: A swimsuit consisting of a thin-strapped camisole top and a bikini bottom.
skirtini: A two-piece swimsuit consisting of a bikini or other style top (halter, tank, etc.) and a short, skirted bottom.
amission: deprivation; loss
bandkini: A swimsuit consisting of a generally strapless bandeau top and a bikini bottom.
shitness: Quality of being shit; or being of poor quality or of being undesirable.
physeter: A member of the genus Physeter; a sperm whale.
physeter: A filtering machine operated by air pressure.
spondyle: A joint of the backbone; a vertebra.
protonym: The first legitimate name of a taxon, on which the currently accepted name is based.
protonym: The first/original entity after which another entity is named without the entities being related. If the entities are related, then the original entity is the eponym of the subsequent entities.
hemionus: Obsolete form of hemione.
tonguage: Any activity involving the tongue; tonguing.
tonguage: Language; spoken language, as opposed to other forms of language (body language, written language, etc.).
urotoxin: any toxic substance that can be found in urine
deduster: A piece of cleaning equipment used to separate dust or other fine particles from another material.
Izmirian: a person from or living in Izmir
headmark: The distinction or peculiarity of the head, face, or features used in distinguishing each individual of a given species; personal appearance; facial features.
headmark: A headland marking the limit of a field.
headmark: A credit (as toward a prize to be awarded) given to a pupil for reaching the head position in an examination conducted with the pupils lined up and each pupil advancing toward the head of the line according to the proportionate number of his or her correct answers.
devilism: The character or doctrines of the Devil or devils; devilry.
chondrin: A colourless, amorphous, nitrogenous substance resembling gelatin, formed from cartilaginous tissue by long-continued action of boiling water.
roundure: roundness
roundure: A round or circle.
altarist: A chaplain.
altarist: The vicar of a church.
lomilomi: A traditional form of Hawaiian massage.
regnancy: The condition or quality of being regnant; sovereignty; rule.
semimute: One who has the faculty of speech either imperfectly developed or partially lost.
tributer: A miner who is paid in a certain portion of the ore, or its value.
tributer: One who pays tribute.
ropeband: A small piece of spun yarn or marline, used to fasten the head of the sail to the spar.
Frankism: An offshoot of Judaism started by the Polish Jewish religious leader Jacob Frank.
Frankist: A follower of Frankism.
myograph: An instrument for determining and recording the intensity, velocity, etc., of a muscular contraction
cornmuse: Archaic form of cornemuse.
lodeship: A kind of boat in use in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, possibly a pilot boat.
fumerell: Alternative form of femerell
ricebird: The Java sparrow (Padda oryzivora).
ricebird: The bobolink (Dolichonyx oryzivorus).
billhead: A printed form used by merchants in making out bills or rendering accounts.
beetrave: The common beet, Beta vulgaris.
rockaway: A light, low, four-wheeled carriage with standing top, open at the sides, but with waterproof curtains for bad weather.
rockaway: A similar but heavier carriage, enclosed except at the front, and with a door at each side.
socmanry: Tenure by socage.
capucine: A capuchin monkey.
civicism: The principle of civil government.
blue-eye: The blue-faced honeyeater of Australia (Entomyzon cyanotis).
blue-eye: Fish of the family Pseudomugilidae, native to Australia and New Guinea.
homeling: A native; a person or thing belonging to a home or to a particular country; an inhabitant.
fleaking: In a thatched building: a light covering of reeds, over which the main covering is laid.
toparchy: A small state, consisting of a few cities or towns; a petty country governed by a toparch.
styracin: A white crystalline substance extracted from gum storax, consisting of a salt of cinnamic acid with cinnamic alcohol.
triticin: A carbohydrate isomeric with dextrin.
scrawler: Someone who scrawls; a scrawly writer.
birdbolt: A short blunt arrow for killing birds without piercing them.
birdbolt: Anything that smites without penetrating.
teinland: Land granted by the crown to a thane or lord
acranius: A foetus in which the cranium is absent or not properly developed
semiheap: A variety of heap that is required to satisfy only the para-associative law and need not obey the identity law.
tveitite: An yttrium fluoride mineral.
broacher: A broach, a spit.
broacher: One who broaches, opens, or utters; a first promoter or publisher.
evangile: Good tidings; evangel.
ecboline: An alkaloid constituting the active principle of ergot.
cerealin: A nitrogenous substance closely resembling diastase, obtained from bran, and possessing the power of converting starch into dextrin, sugar, and lactic acid.
honeybag: A pouch in a honey bee where it stores honey.
save-all: Something that prevents waste or loss.
save-all: A device in a candlestick to hold the ends of candles, so they can be burned all the way down.
save-all: A trough to prevent waste in a paper-making machine.
save-all: A small sail sometimes set under the foot of another sail, to catch the wind that would pass under it.
spherics: The geometry and trigonometry of the surface of a sphere.
spherics: Alternative form of sferics
celetoid: A person who is famous for a brief time; a short-lived celebrity.
ethnarch: The governor of a Jewish province under the Roman Empire.
ethnarch: A leader of an ethnic community, especially a Jewish or (in the Ottoman Empire) Eastern Orthodox leader having political as well as spiritual authority.
inceptor: A beginner; one in the rudiments.
inceptor: One who is on the point of taking a Master of Arts degree at an English university.
bacillin: An antibiotic, produced by Bacillus subtilis, that is active against many types of bacterium.
kawarimi: An ancient ninja art revolving around misdirection and the split-second timing of a switch between a 'body' and a location, or between two or more bodies. A technique utilized by ninja in ancient Japan, involving the ninja and anything that can be mistaken for them, such as a dummy or a mannequin.
biznatch: Alternative form of bitch
copicide: A method of suicide in which a person deliberately behaves in a threatening manner to provoke a police officer into shooting him or her.
copicide: The act of killing a police officer.
glyptics: The art of engraving on precious stones.
reometer: rare spelling of rheometer
foodbank: Alternative spelling of food bank
pigeonry: A birdhouse for pigeons; a dovecote.
cutensil: A functional object with a cute or novelty design.
dinoxide: Archaic form of dioxide.
resorcin: Synonym of resorcinol
herisson: A beam or bar armed with iron spikes, and turning on a pivot, used to block up a passage.
herisson: A hedgehog.
medullin: A variety of lignin or cellulose found in the medulla, or pith, of certain plants.
irenarch: An officer in Ancient Greece having functions corresponding to those of a Justice of the Peace.
drabbler: A piece of canvas fastened by lacing to the bonnet of a sail, to give it a greater depth or more drop.
ethician: An ethicist.
slowback: A lubber; an idle fellow; a loiterer.
e-conomy: The economy associated with the Internet and e-commerce.
redfinch: The common linnet (Linaria cannabina).
demonist: A believer in, or worshipper of, demons.
insafety: insecurity; danger
hangnest: A nest that hangs like a bag or pocket.
hangnest: A bird which builds such a nest; a hangbird.
opianine: An alkaloid found in small quantities in opium, identical with narcotine.
woodbind: Obsolete form of woodbine.
muffetee: A small muff worn over the wrist.
cabbling: The process of breaking up the flat masses into which wrought iron is first hammered, so that the pieces can be reheated and wrought into bar iron.
play bow: A posture used by dogs to invite play behavior. The front part of the chest is brought low to the ground and the forelegs are extended.
brokeass: A poor person.
slipcoat: A rich variety of cheese, resembling butter, but white.
lobbyism: Lobbying, as for example in politics.
grubworm: A grub (the insect).
birdcare: The care and welfare of birds, both wild and caged
nonimage: That which is not an image.
furculum: furcula (wishbone of birds)
gannetry: A colony of gannets (especially one established on an isolated marine rock, during the breeding season)
seacliff: A cliff that abuts the sea, formed by sea erosion.
slimebag: A person who is unpleasant or underhanded; a slimeball.
wax moth: Pyralid moths whose larvae (waxworms) feed on the honeycombs of beehives
wax moth: Achroia spp.
wax moth: Pyralid moths whose larvae (waxworms) feed on the honeycombs of beehives
wax moth: A brown moth, Galleria mellonella, sole species in genus Galleria
radiotag: Alternative spelling of radio tag
freelage: Privilege; immunity; franchise; the freedom or privilege of a burgess in a corporation.
freelage: A heritable property (as distinguished from a farm).
offsplit: A splitting off or breaking away from; a secession; divergence.
monoacid: Any acid that has only one replaceable hydrogen ion.
whiffler: One who whiffles, or frequently changes their course or opinion.
whiffler: One who argues evasively; a trifler.
whiffler: One who plays on a whiffle; a fifer or piper.
whiffler: An officer who went before a procession to clear the way, by blowing a horn or otherwise; hence, any person who marched at the head of a procession; a harbinger.
whiffler: The goldeneye.
solipede: A mammal having a single hoof on each foot; a solidungulate.
junkball: A deliberately slow shot.
junkball: An off-speed pitch, such as a changeup, a curveball or a slider.
orangeat: Candied orange peel.
orangeat: Orangeade (a drink).
trivalve: Anything having three valves, especially a shell.
tenotome: A slender knife used for tenotomy.
runtling: A little runt.
masticin: A white amorphous substance resembling rubber, obtained as an insoluble residue of mastic.
blazoner: One who blazons:
blazoner: One who blazons (describes) coats of arms; a herald.
blazoner: One who blazons:
blazoner: One who makes widely known or proclaims.
blazoner: One who blazons:
blazoner: A slanderer.
blazoner: One who blazons:
blazoner: One who blazons
meconate: Any salt or ester of meconic acid
cimolite: A soft clayey mineral of whitish or greyish colour.
deletery: That which destroys.
muckerer: A miser; a niggard.
ascidium: A pitcher-shaped or flask-shaped organ or appendage of a plant.
ascidium: One of the former genus Ascidium of simple ascidians, which included most of the known species; sometimes used as a name for the family Ascidiidae or for all the Tunicata, or Ascidiacea.
metecorn: A quantity of corn formerly given by the lord to his customary tenants, as an encouragement or reward for labour and faithful service.
exampler: A pattern; an exemplar.
twinleaf: jeffersonia, rheumatism root (Jeffersonia diphylla)
aerocyst: An air vesicle.
trithing: One of three ancient divisions of a county in England; a riding.
freehood: The state or condition of being free; freedom.
corneter: One who plays a cornet.
overfold: A fold whereby the strata are forced through an angle of more than 90 degrees, so that younger strata lie below older ones.
GI party: A thorough cleaning of a military barracks by its inhabitants.
radicule: A radicle.
roothold: Attachment by means of roots.
synarchy: Joint rule or sovereignty.
combater: One who combats.
soothsay: Soothsaying; prediction; prognostication; prophecy.
soothsay: A portent; an omen.
soothsaw: A true saying; truth.
ketoacyl: An acyl group derived from a keto acid
meatpole: A pole where meat is hung at a hunters' camp.
meatpole: A penis
lastness: The quality of being or coming last; finality.
insurant: The person insured.
tolbooth: Archaic form of toll booth.
Sorrento: A kind of Italian walnut.
ringbill: Aythya collaris, a diving duck of North America with a white band around the bill.
prillion: Tin extracted from the slag.
panabase: tetrahedrite
pearlash: A white amorphous or granular substance which consists principally of potassium carbonate and has a strong alkaline reaction. It is obtained by lixiviating wood ashes and evaporating the lye, and has been an important source of potassium compounds. It is used in making soap, glass, etc.
geolatry: The worship of the Earth.
irrision: The act of laughing at another; derision.
kinepock: cowpox
granilla: Small grains or dust of cochineal.
sinalbin: A glucosinolate found in the seeds of white mustard and in many wild plant species
ironwort: A herb of several species in the genus Sideritis, formerly believed to heal sword cuts.
ironwort: Galeopsis ladanum, red hemp-nettle.
asterion: The point on the side of the skull corresponding to the posterior end of the parietomastoid suture.
folkrede: Alternative form of folkred
sibridge: Alternative form of sibberidge
Saxonism: A word or phrase of the Saxon or Anglo-Saxon language.
dastardy: dastardly behaviour
cumidine: A strong, liquid, organic base, C₃H₇.C₆H₄.NH₂, homologous with aniline.
mouezzin: Alternative form of muezzin
carkanet: Alternative form of carcanet
paronymy: The quality of being paronymous.
paronymy: The use of paronymous words.
gossipry: Spiritual relationship or affinity; gossiprede; special intimacy.
gossipry: Idle talk; gossip.
foregoer: Alternative form of forgoer
foregoer: A purveyor of the king, who provided for his household.
trigness: The quality or state of being trig; smartness; neatness.
marmozet: Archaic form of marmoset.
neuridin: A non-toxic base, C₅H₁₄N₂, found in the putrescent matter of flesh, fish, decaying cheese, etc.
emiction: urination
emiction: urine.
vermetus: Any of many species of marine gastropods belonging to Vermetus and allied genera, of the family Vermetidae.
technism: A technicality.
technism: technology
homilete: A homilist.
bigscale: A fish, the ridgehead.
intertie: In any framed work, a horizontal tie other than sill and plate or other principal ties, securing uprights to one another.
Eudoxian: A follower of Eudoxius of Antioch (died in 370), patriarch of Antioch and Constantinople, and a celebrated defender of the doctrines of Arius.
bioblast: Alternative form of bioplast
wych elm: An elm (Ulmus glabra) found in northern and western Europe.
longlegs: A daddy longlegs.
dropworm: The larva of any geometrid moth, which drops from trees by means of a thread of silk, such as the cankerworm.
tentwort: A small fern, Asplenium ruta-muraria.
embolite: A mineral consisting of silver chloride and silver bromide; a variety of bromian chlorargyrite.
forktail: Any of various small insectivorous birds in the genus Enicurus.
forktail: A green junglefowl (Gallus varius).
forktail: Any of the genus Ischnura of damselflies.
forktail: Any fish of the species Ariomma indica.
forktail: A salmon in its fourth year of growth.
despotat: The government or domain of a despot.
logspace: logarithmic space
baldhead: A person whose head is bald.
baldhead: A white-headed variety of pigeon.
baldhead: A person who is not Rastafarian.
cholemia: Alternative form of cholaemia
modicity: moderateness; smallness
balisaur: A badger-like animal of India, Arctonyx collaris, the sand bear.
tidesman: A tide waiter
metewand: A measuring rod (in both its literal and figurative sense).
palusami: A Polynesian dish consisting of coconut pudding wrapped in leaves
bushwork: Work carried out in the bushland.
brettice: Alternative form of brattice
earthpea: Any of a species of pea, Amphicarpaea bracteata, a climbing leguminous plant with hairy underground pods.
earthpea: A pea
earthpea: A peanut, (Arachis hypogaea).
papalagi: In Fiji, Tonga, Samoa and New Zealand, a white person; a palagi.
priggism: The quality or state of being priggish; the manners of a prig; exaggerated propriety, fussiness about trivialities.
priggism: Roguery; thievery.
tongkang: A kind of light wooden boat used in the early 19th century to carry goods along rivers in Maritime Southeast Asia.
tongkang: bumboat
creutzer: Alternative form of kreutzer
undertie: The IPA symbol ‿.
roseroot: Rhodiola rosea, a perennial crassulaceous plant with many claimed health benefits that grows in cold regions.
antefact: Something done before another act.
radiotin: radioactive tin
sea turn: A breeze, gale, or mist from the sea.
rugmaker: One who manufactures rugs.
marmalet: Obsolete form of marmalade.
cobishop: A joint or coadjutant bishop.
gnathite: Any of the mouth appendages of the Arthropoda.
matachin: A carnivalesque dance with swords and bucklers, traditionally performed in Spain by costumed troupes.
matachin: A dancer who performs this dance.
studdery: A stud, or collection of breeding horses and mares.
studdery: A place for keeping a stud of this kind.
cymogene: A highly volatile liquid, condensed by cold and pressure from the first products of the distillation of petroleum; used for producing low temperatures.
lupinine: A bitter alkaloid present in Lupinus.
pearlins: Alternative form of pearlings
lutation: The act or method of luting vessels.
famulist: A collegian of inferior rank or position, corresponding to the sizar at Cambridge.
triamide: An amide containing three amido groups.
oneberry: Paris quadrifolia, herb Paris.
pukeface: A contemptible, undesirable, or ugly person.
hairbird: A chipping sparrow (Spizella passerina).
rerefief: A fief held of a superior feudatory; a fief held by an undertenant.
snowface: A snow-covered mountain feature.
scoffery: The act of scoffing; mockery.
chanfrin: The forepart of a horse's head.
workover: Any kind of oil well intervention involving invasive techniques, such as wireline or snubbing.
strabism: strabismus
whiteboy: A Caucasian male.
whiteboy: Heroin.
halicore: The dugong.
rosewort: The roseroot, Rhodiola rosea.
rosewort: Any plant nearly related to the rose.
sacalait: The crappie, genus Pomoxis.
drownage: The act of drowning.
allecret: Alternative form of halecret
snapsack: A knapsack.
hatschek: Rare spelling of háček.
pineweed: A low, bushy, nearly leafless herb (Hypericum sarothra), common in sandy soil in the eastern United States.
Britrock: British rock music
rhythmus: Obsolete form of rhythm.
linguica: A Portuguese garlic and paprika seasoned smoke cured pork sausage.
woodmeil: Alternative form of wadmol
woodhack: The yaffle
woolhead: A species of duck, the bufflehead (Bucephala albeola)
woodwall: The yaffle bird; the European green woodpecker.
teamkill: The killing of another player on one's own team.
zoomania: An excessive or abnormal love of animals
zoolithe: Archaic form of zoolite.
woodroof: A small, sweet-smelling herb, Galium odoratum, once used for flavouring wine
euphuist: One who affects excessive refinement and elegance of language; applied especially to a class of writers, in the age of Elizabeth I, whose productions are marked by affected conceits and high-flown diction.
zoomylus: dermoid cyst
zooblast: Any animal cell
gascoyne: Obsolete form of gaskin (“hose; trousers”).
linguiça: Alternative form of linguica
trangram: Something intricately contrived; a puzzle.
pegacorn: A horned Pegasus or a winged unicorn.
hookling: A process, similar to knitting or crocheting, for fashioning garments.
run book: a set of procedures prepared by an administrator for the day-to-day maintenance and exception handling of an IT system
sinapine: An alkaloidal amine found in seeds of black mustard (Brassica nigra, syns. Sinapis erysimoides, Sinapis tetraedra), considered a choline ester of sinapic acid.
open day: A casual event where an institution is open for inspection by anyone interested.
lakering: Playing; sport; jesting.
firebote: In Medieval England, an allowance of fuel.
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Any such branched marine bryozoan
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Certain red algae, such as:
sea moss: Chondrus crispus (Irish moss, carrageen moss)
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Certain red algae, such as:
sea moss: Endocladia muricata (turfweed, nailbrush seaweed)
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Certain red algae, such as:
sea moss: Kappaphycus alvarezii (elkhorn sea moss)
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Certain red algae, such as:
sea moss: Palmaria palmata (dulse)
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Certain green algae, such as
sea moss: Any marine organism resembling moss
sea moss: Certain green algae, such as
sea moss: Bryopsis africana, a green alga
half-ray: A ray, or half-line.
crampoon: Alternative form of crampon (attachment for a shoe)
crampoon: A clutch formed of hooked pieces of iron, like double calipers, for raising stones, lumber, blocks of ice, etc.
cleading: A jacket or outer covering to prevent radiation of heat, as from the boiler, cylinder, etc. of a steam engine.
cleading: The planking or boarding of a shaft, cofferdam, etc.
terabase: An amount of genetic sequence data equivalent to 10¹² base pairs
slashfic: A work in the genre of slash fiction.
slashfic: Short for slash fiction, a genre of fan fiction.
fan palm: Any of several different kinds of palms (Arecaceae) in various genera with leaves that are palmately lobed (rather than pinnately compound).
fan palm: Any of many plants that have similar palmate leaves. (See Derived terms below.)
fan palm: Any of many plants that have similar palmate leaves. (See Derived terms below.)
fan palm: A traveller's palm (Ravenala madagascariensis)
thumbkin: An instrument of torture for compressing the thumb; a thumbscrew.
thumbkin: The thumb.
skin mag: Short form of skin magazine.
TATA box: A DNA sequence (cis-regulatory element) found in the promoter region of genes in archaea and eukaryotes.
trypanid: trypanosomatid
clodpate: A blockhead; a dolt or fool.
wallbird: A bird, the spotted flycatcher.
chasible: Archaic form of chasuble.
epitrite: A metrical foot consisting of three long syllables and one short syllable.
caroteel: A tierce or cask for dried fruits, etc., usually about 700 lbs..
mulierty: Condition of being a mulier; position of one born in lawful wedlock.
leadwort: Any of various maritime herbs of the genus Plumbago, some of which have lead-coloured spots on the leaves or nearly lead-coloured flowers.
glabrity: smoothness or baldness.
epithema: A horny excrescence upon the beak of birds.
allotope: A region of an antibody with a non-varying structure.
applagin: A particular disintegrin.
salmosin: A particular disintegrin.
krameria: Any member of the genus Krameria of rhatanies.
autobaud: The automatic detection of a suitable baud rate by examining the incoming data.
budipine: An antiparkinson drug.
ecopipam: A synthetic benzazepine derivative with sedative, antipsychotic and anorectic effects.
perazine: A typical antipsychotic of the phenothiazine class, quite similar to chlorpromazine.
litracen: A tricyclic antidepressant drug, never marketed.
talopram: A selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor which was researched for the management of depression in the 1960s and 1970s but never commercialized.
pridinol: A muscle relaxant drug.
legatary: A legatee.
tinmouth: A fish, the crappie.
portague: An old Portuguese gold coin from the 16th century; the português
reposure: rest; quiet
rape kit: A set of items used by medical personnel for gathering and preserving physical evidence following an allegation of sexual assault.
thrashel: Alternative form of threshel
Erastian: A follower of Thomas Erastus.
halfdeck: The portion of the deck next below the spar deck which is between the mainmast and the cabin.
halfdeck: A boat shell (Crepidula genus).
rotacism: Alternative spelling of rhotacism
vi-apple: The Otaheite apple (Spondias dulcis).
witchuck: The sand martin, or bank swallow.
otosteal: An auditory ossicle.
smeltery: A building or place for smelting.
sweepage: The crop of hay obtained from a meadow.
sweepage: The process by which gases passing beneath the electrodes of an electrostatic precipitator pick up dust from the hoppers, removing it from the precipitator exit.
sweepage: Detritus that is swept up with a broom or similar implement.
sweepage: The circuit of an oscilloscope used to track the time dimension.
sweepage: The act of sweeping or flowing.
sweepage: The movement of matter by a current.
sweepage: The matter that has been moved by a current.
sweepage: The state when a sweepboat is moving faster than the current of the water.
epitheme: Obsolete form of epithem.
covercle: A small cover; a lid.
exosmose: Archaic form of exosmosis.
donatory: A donee of the crown; one to whom, upon certain conditions, escheated property is made over.
eryngium: Any of the genus Eryngium of umbelliferous plants resembling thistles.
otocrane: The cavity in the skull in which the parts of the internal ear are located.
Tacitism: The political philosophy of Tacitus
pavidity: timidity
ciderkin: A weak cider made by steeping the refuse pomace in water; considered a drink for commoners, and traditionally often given to children.
cunt cap: A hat which is gathered and folded on the top.
malvidin: An O-methylated anthocyanidin that is a primary plant pigment.
primulin: An anthocyanin, the 3-galactoside of malvidin, found in Primula sinensis.
trochite: A wheel-like joint of the stem of a fossil crinoid.
sack man: folkloric character, in many Latin American countries, who collects naughty children in a large sack and eats them.
beenship: Worship; goodness.
portpass: A document or documentation allowing for legal entry into another land; a passport.
portpass: Anything allowing for entry into or through a port.
poledavy: A sort of coarse canvas.
formicid: Any member of the ant family Formicidae.
tronator: An officer responsible for weighing wool.
courtepy: A short coat of coarse cloth.
beeregar: sour beer
vaginule: Alternative form of vaginula
switchel: A beverage of water and vinegar, often seasoned with ginger and sweetened with molasses, honey, or similar.
irestone: Any very hard rock.
demorage: Obsolete form of demurrage.
popeling: A petty or deputy pope.
popeling: An adherent of the pope.
whinyard: A sword, or hanger.
whinyard: The shoveler, a type of duck.
whinyard: The pochard, a type of duck.
gilthead: A marine fish, Sparus aurata (gilt-head bream), with a golden-coloured head; the giltpoll.
gilthead: Symphodus melops, a coastal fish; the golden maid, conner, or sea partridge.
maltworm: A tippler; a drinker of alcohol.
hatchure: Alternative form of hachure
tredille: An old card game for three players.
hornbeak: The hornfish.
damassin: A kind of modified damask or brocade, having flowered patterns in gold or silver thread.
springal: Alternative form of springald (“a youth”)
springal: Obsolete form of springald (“military engine for launching stones and arrows”).
epistyle: A massive piece of stone or wood laid immediately on the abacus of the capital of a column or pillar; an architrave.
cetrarin: A white substance extracted from Iceland moss, one of whose ingredients is cetraric acid.
teredine: A teredo, or shipworm.
love toy: Amorous play; flirtation, lovemaking.
love toy: An object to be played with during sexual intercourse; something or someone used for sexual pleasure; a sex toy.
eccritic: Any remedy that promotes discharges.
rectress: Alternative form of rectoress
dalatiid: Any member of the shark family Dalatiidae.
anthelix: Alternative spelling of antihelix.
butteris: A cutting instrument, with a long bent shank set in a handle which rests against the operator's shoulder, used in paring the hoofs of horses.
encrinus: Any of a genus Encrinus of fossil encrinoidea from the Mesozoic rocks.
sopition: The act of putting to sleep.
driftway: A common road or path for driving cattle.
driftway: A drift, or horizontal passage in a mine.
driftway: An access road to the sea.
melissyl: myricyl
echinite: A fossil echinoid.
cowleech: One who heals disease of cows; a cow doctor.
pegroots: A plant, the setterwort.
colessor: A partner in giving a lease.
packfong: Alternative form of paktong
oversman: An overseer or superintendent.
oversman: An umpire; a third arbiter, appointed when two arbiters disagree.
tintamar: A hideous or confused noise; an uproar; a racket.
hox gene: Any of the genes in the vertebrate homeobox.
starosty: In Poland, a castle and domain conferred on a nobleman for life.
cotquean: Alternative form of cot-quean
cucquean: Alternative spelling of cuckquean
sursolid: The fifth power of a number.
bawhorse: Obsolete form of bathorse.
rowdydow: hubbub; uproar
paludina: Any of numerous species of freshwater pectinibranchiate mollusks, belonging to Viviparus (syn. Paludina), Melantho, and allied genera in family Viviparidae, with operculated shells, usually green, often with brown bands.
bluewing: Anas discors (syn. Spatula discors), the blue-winged teal.
bluewing: Torenia (wishbone flower)
pagehood: The state of being a page (servant).
suberate: A salt or ester of suberic acid.
burinist: One who engraves with a burin.
anchusin: A resinoid colouring matter obtained from alkanet root.
chrismal: A vessel for holding chrism; a chrismatory.
chrismal: A veil used in christening.
chawdron: A sauce made from chopped entrails.
chawdron: Entrails, intestines (of animals as food)
bearship: The character or personality of a bear.
beastdom: The condition of a beast; beasthood.
bearleap: A basket used for carrying.
bearling: A small, young, or juvenile bear.
hypocone: A cusp in the corner of an upper molar tooth in mammals
metacone: A cusp in the corner of an upper molar tooth in mammals
paracone: A cusp in the buccal corner of an upper molar tooth in mammals
paracone: A mechanism, involving a form of parachute, used to slow some spacecraft during re-entry
bannerol: Alternative form of banderole
ensnarer: One who ensnares.
insnarer: One who insnares.
atheldom: The state or condition of being athel or noble; nobility.
dickbait: Persuasion or blackmail used to manipulate or attract a man, especially a homosexual.
mislight: An error in projection in which the projected image is a combination of two frames.
mislight: An instance when an afterburner does not light the injected fuel properly.
varmeter: A reactive voltammeter measuring reactive power in vars
giraffid: An animal of the family Giraffidae (such as the giraffe and okapi).
shopmaid: A young woman who works in a shop.
homotype: That which has the same fundamental type of structure with something else.
blindage: A cover or protection for an advanced trench or approach, formed of fascines and earth supported by a framework.
blindage: A deep dugout, often equipped with bunks and other fittings.
lardarse: Alternative form of lardass
Negrense: A native or inhabitant of the Filipino island of Negros.
villotta: A form of popular song from Friuli
gueridon: A small table supported by one or more columns, or sculptural human or mythological figures, often with a circular top.
ziqqurat: Alternative spelling of ziggurat
guéridon: Alternative form of gueridon
chiltoma: Any sweet pepper.
ice tray: A household item usually in the form of a plastic or metal device with a series of indentations such that the item may be easily filled with water (or another liquid) for the purpose of being placed in a freezer, from which it will later be removed, at which point it will contain easily separable ice cubes (or frozen cubes of whatever liquid was placed in it).
solpugid: Any arachnid of the order Solifugae
protamin: Alternative form of protamine
molewarp: Alternative form of mouldwarp
legionry: A body of legions; legions collectively.
cell sap: The liquid enclosed inside the vacuole of a plant cell.
hydrotic: A hydrotic medicine.
dispathy: Alternative form of dyspathy
goodgeon: Obsolete spelling of gudgeon
mesolabe: An ancient instrument for finding two mean proportionals between two given lines, required in solving the problem of the duplication of the cube.
bonnibel: A handsome girl.
cymidine: A liquid organic base, C₁₀H₁₃.NH₂, derived from cymene.
gunarchy: Archaic form of gynarchy.
cheddite: Any of a class of explosives containing inorganic chlorates and organic nitro compounds.
self bow: Alternative form of selfbow
basename: A filename without any path or directory information.
ampersat: The at sign (@).
fuchsite: A green variety of muscovite
eupraxia: eupraxy
eupraxia: learning attributes of deaf people
Menehune: A member of a hidden race in Hawaiian mythology, often described as very small and having magical powers.
insulite: An insulating material, usually some variety of compressed cellulose, made of sawdust, paper pulp, cotton waste, etc.
deniance: denial
apprizal: Archaic form of appraisal.
woolding: The act of winding or wrapping anything with a rope.
woolding: A rope used for binding masts and spars.
sea lark: The rock pipit (Anthus petrosus).
sea lark: Any of several small sandpipers and plovers, such as the ringed plover, the turnstone, the dunlin, and the sanderling.
warkloom: A tool; an implement.
beadlery: The office or jurisdiction of a beadle.
gentisin: A yellow crystalline substance obtained from the gentian.
Hicksite: A member or follower of the liberal party, headed by Elias Hicks, which, because of a change of views respecting the divinity of Christ and the Atonement, seceded from the conservative portion of the Quakers in 1827.
canbisol: A synthetic cannabinoid derivative used mainly in scientific research.
sultanry: The dominion of a sultan.
chemofog: Cognitive impairment resulting from chemotherapy.
manurage: cultivation
regrator: Someone who regrates.
beerware: Software that can be used under a relaxed licence, with the user encouraged to pay for the software by donating to its author enough money to buy a beer.
cordaite: A plant belonging to Cordaites, an extinct genus of gymnosperms with long, strap-shaped leaves.
blobject: A designed product, often a household object, distinguished by smooth flowing curves, bright colours, and an absence of sharp edges.
blobject: The entire universe viewed as a single entity featuring internal variability but not containing discrete parts.
maundril: A pick with two prongs, used for prying.
mamaluke: Alternative form of mameluke
sceneful: A quantity contained in a scene.
fricando: Archaic form of fricandeau.
truckman: One who does business in the way of barter or exchange.
truckman: One who drives a truck, or whose business is the conveyance of goods on trucks.
pillaret: A little pillar.
townhall: Alternative form of town hall
deletory: That which blots out.
crownlet: A coronet.
tractory: A tractrix.
ancienty: age; antiquity
ancienty: seniority
natalist: A supporter of natalism; one who is in favour of childbearing.
one-form: a covector field
slamfire: The premature accidental discharge of a firearm while a round is being loaded into the chamber.
scalepan: The pan of a scale, in or on which items to be weighed are placed.
meresman: An officer who ascertains meres, or boundaries.
histrion: A stage actor.
natalism: Pronatalism; an ideology in favour of childbearing.
dogtooth: A canine tooth.
dogtooth: An ornament common in Gothic architecture, consisting of pointed projections resembling teeth.
dogtooth: Synonym of houndstooth
dust-off: The act of removing dust from something.
dust-off: A medical helicopter.
monticle: A small mountain, or hillock.
rockweed: Ascophyllum nodosum, a seaweed also known as knotted wrack.
rockweed: Fucus vesiculosus, a similar seaweed also known as bladderwrack.
underlug: One of the locking lugs on a break-action firearm that extend from the bottom of the barrels under the chamber(s) and connect into the receiver bottom.
underlug: The metal shroud underneath the barrel of a revolver that surrounds and protects the extractor rod.
draglift: A type of ski lift that pulls skiers up the slope.
bungarum: A krait (venomous snake of the genus Bungarus)
boydekin: A dagger; a bodkin.
gapesing: The act of gazing about; sightseeing.
refusion: New or repeated melting, as of metals.
refusion: The act of fusing again, or bacl
refusion: restoration
diiambus: A double iambus; a metrical foot consisting of two iambs.
headtube: The front tube of the frame of a bicycle.
colessee: A joint lessee; a partner in a lease.
glucogen: Archaic form of glycogen.
pavesade: A canvas screen, formerly sometimes extended along the side of a vessel in a naval engagement, to conceal from the enemy the operations on board.
footpace: A walking pace or step.
footpace: A dais, or elevated platform; the highest step of the altar; a landing in a staircase.
quitsies: Permission to leave a game (of marbles, etc.) without forfeit or penalty.
keepsies: The act of keeping something, especially something wagered as part of a game.
gig-lamp: Either of the lamps on either side of a gig carriage; a headlamp.
gig-lamp: Spectacles.
overbrow: The area immediately above the eyebrow and below the forehead.
overbrow: A projecting shelf of rock on the face of a cliff.
canticoy: A social gathering, usually for dancing.
inustion: The act of burning or branding.
rivality: rivalry; competition
rivality: equality, as of right or rank
sarcenet: Alternative form of sarsenet
synodist: An adherent to a synod.
textuist: A textualist; a textman.
stickful: As much type as fills a composing stick.
stickful: An amount that is held on one stick.
misliker: One who mislikes.
fullmart: Obsolete form of foumart.
subprior: The vicegerent of a prior; a claustral officer who assists the prior.
cat-hole: Alternative form of cathole
cat hole: Alternative form of cathole
retagger: A criminal who fraudulently changes the serial numbers of automobiles.
retagger: A program or algorithm that updates or changes tags.
sinapate: A salt or ester of sinapic acid.
chaffery: traffic; bargaining; buying and selling
threnode: A threne, or threnody; a dirge; a funeral song.
vergency: The act of verging or approaching; tendency, inclination towards something.
vergency: The reciprocal of the focal distance of a lens, used as a measure of the divergence or convergence of a pencil of rays.
feracity: The state of being feracious, or fruitful.
ducktape: Alternative form of duck tape
myxinoid: A hagfish.
billyboy: A flat-bottomed river barge or coasting vessel.
cornutor: One who makes another person into a cuckold.
rootzone: The region of soil in which the roots of plants can take up water.
bimagnon: A double magnon
decamine: The antimicrobial agent 1,1'-decamethylenebis[4-aminoquinaldinium acetate].
decanoin: The triglyceride of decanoic acid; caprin
decadron: The glucocorticoid drug dexamethasone
tebowing: The practice of going down on one knee after a touchdown or other celebratory occasion.
pencraft: penmanship; skill in writing; the art of writing
perlecan: A large multidomain proteoglycan.
salmonet: A salmon of small size; a samlet.
Eunomian: A follower of Eunomius, the bishop of Cyzicus in the 4th century, who believed that Jesus Christ was not of, or like, the same nature as God
chatwood: Little sticks; twigs for burning; firewood.
spaceway: A route used for travel or shipping in outer space.
miquelet: An irregular or partisan soldier; a bandit.
blastide: A small clear space in the segments of the ovum, the precursor of the nucleus.
thurrock: The hold of a ship; also, the bilge.
nanogold: A nanoparticle of metallic gold
nanogold: A colloidal suspension of such particles in a liquid
murtilla: A Chilean form of myrtle (Ugni molinae)
murtilla: ugniberry
crotonyl: The univalent radical CH₃-CH=CH-CO- derived from crotonic acid
suberoyl: A divalent radical formally derived from suberic acid by removal of both hydroxyl groups
trapoxin: A cyclic tetrapeptide, of fungal origin, that is an antitumor agent
sea gown: A gown or frock with short sleeves, formerly worn by mariners.
incenser: One who instigates or incites.
couranto: Alternative form of coranto
galerite: A cretaceous fossil sea urchin of the genus †Galerites.
substile: Alternative form of substyle
erration: Wandering or straying.
worldkin: A diminutive or miniature world; microcosm.
redition: The act of returning; a return.
rockwood: ligniform asbestos
rockwood: fossil wood
postteen: One who is no longer a teenager.
substyle: A secondary or subsidiary style.
substyle: A right line on which the style, or gnomon, of a sundial is erected, being the common section of the face of the dial and a plane perpendicular to it passing through the style.
cliffing: The formation of cliffs.
bedstaff: A wooden pin stuck on the sides of a bedstead, to prevent the bedclothes from slipping on either side.
titterel: A bird, the whimbrel.
euosmite: A fossil resin with a strong pleasant odour.
moorband: moorpan
rhabdite: A minute smooth rod-like or fusiform structure found in the tissues of many Turbellaria.
rhabdite: One of the hard parts forming the ovipositor of insects.
needment: Something needed or wanted.
needment: outfit; necessary luggage
endeixis: A legal procedure in Ancient Greece in which a wrongdoer is denounced to the magistrate.
relatrix: A female relator.
sesspool: Archaic form of cesspool.
duressor: One who subjects another to duress.
camphine: Rectified oil of turpentine, used for burning in lamps and as a solvent in varnishes.
gambroon: A kind of twilled linen cloth for lining.
rattinet: A woollen material thinner than ratteen.
starcher: Someone or something that starches.
bromuret: A bromide.
seminist: A believer in the theory of seminism.
pimpship: The office, occupation, or person of a pimp.
scutcher: One who scutches.
scutcher: An implement or machine for scutching hemp, flax, cotton, etc.
scutcher: One who dresses hedges.
bocasine: A sort of fine buckram.
castlery: The government of a castle.
castlery: Land controlled by a castle
supinity: The quality of being supine; negligence; laziness; heedlessness.
chiragra: Gout in the hand.
cowquake: quaking grass; Briza media
didomain: A discrete structure formed from two domains of a protein dimer
pouchong: A superior kind of souchong tea.
oxoethyl: Any radical formed by substitution of an oxygen atom (as a carbonyl group) for two hydrogen atoms of an ethyl radical
losartan: An antihypertensive drug that is taken orally in the form of its potassium salt C₂₂H₂₂ClKN₆O and blocks the action of the physiologically active form of angiotensin.
takoyaki: A ball-shaped Japanese dumpling made of batter and filled with diced octopus, tempura scraps, pickled ginger, and green onion.
tan shen: The red sage or Chinese sage (Salvia miltiorrhiza)
adeption: An obtaining; attainment.
toothing: The act or process of indenting or furnishing with teeth.
toothing: Bricks alternately projecting at the end of a wall, in order to be bonded into a continuation of it when the remainder is carried up.
ailantus: Any member of the tree genus Ailanthus.
meantone: A musical temperament that generates all non-octave intervals from a stack of tempered perfect fifths and, by choosing an appropriate size for major and minor thirds, tempers the syntonic comma to unison.
atrophin: Any of a class of proteins found in nervous tissue.
dogsleep: Feigned sleep.
dogsleep: Light or fitful sleep; a nap that is easily interrupted.
lipocyte: An adipocyte in connective tissue that stores and metabolizes fat
sensuism: sensualism
sarcosis: The abnormal formation of flesh.
sarcosis: sarcoma
chloasma: melasma; a cutaneous condition with yellow or yellowish-brown pigmented spots
drearing: sorrow
tinygram: A very small packet of data.
albicore: Alternative form of albacore
nolition: Adverse action of will; unwillingness.
tresayle: A grandfather's grandfather; a great-great-grandfather.
must-buy: A product that one is strongly recommended to buy.
obstancy: opposition; impediment; obstruction
coldwork: The elimination of flaws and rough or sharp areas on the surface of blown or cast glass objects; usually achieved by some combination of grinding and polishing.
Cyrenian: A native or inhabitant of Cyrene.
Cyrenian: One of a school of philosophers established at Cyrene by Aristippus, a disciple of Socrates, with doctrines nearly the same as those of the Epicureans.
garcinia: A tropical tree of the genus Garcinia, including the mangosteen and the gamboge tree.
stemmery: A building in which tobacco is stemmed.
cytocide: Any cytocidal agent
moorball: A freshwater alga (Aegagropila linnaei) which forms a globular mass.
bloomary: Archaic form of bloomery.
gallopin: An underservant in the kitchen; a scullion, or cook's errand boy.
doveship: The possession of the dove-like qualities of harmlessness and innocence.
mesprise: Alternative form of misprize
rainboot: A waterproof boot to protect the wearer from rain; a Wellington boot.
feaberry: A gooseberry.
gamefowl: A gamebird.
myolysis: dissolution of muscular tissue
myolysis: laparoscopic myoma coagulation
gairfowl: Obsolete form of garefowl.
frumpery: Frumpish appearance or behaviour.
mattacin: A particular polymyxin antibiotic.
covendom: The area served by a covenstead and inhabited by members of the coven.
antigram: Either of a pair of anagrams with opposite meanings.
relaxase: A single-stranded DNA transesterase produced by some prokaryotes and viruses.
chatelet: A little castle.
caveator: One who enters a caveat.
translin: Any of a family of DNA-binding proteins that specifically recognise consensus sequences at the breakpoint junctions in chromosomal translocations
wingcase: An elytron.
palstave: A prehistoric bronze axe of the middle Bronze Age with a thin haft for a forked handle and a thick blade.
pledgery: A pledging; suretyship.
lingence: A linctus.
connusor: A cognizor.
disusage: Gradual cessation of custom or use; disuse.
epipubis: A cartilage or bone in front of the pubis in some amphibians and other animals.
garefowl: The great auk.
garefowl: The razorbill
timesuck: Any time-consuming activity.
gravatar: An image (avatar) that registered users can use automatically on various blogging sites.
slummock: A slovenly person
savement: The act of saving; salvation.
neckweed: An American annual weed (Veronica peregrina), with small white flowers and a roundish pod.
neckweed: The hemp plant, which furnishes ropes for hanging criminals.
stirrage: The act of stirring; stir; commotion.
peddlery: The trade or goods of a peddler.
peddlery: trickery
pedarian: One of a class eligible to the office of senator, but not yet chosen, who could sit and speak in the senate, but could not vote.
archwife: A big, masculine wife; a dominating woman; virago.
collosol: A colloidal preparation of an insoluble material
biphenol: Any compound that has two phenolic hydroxy groups; such a phenolic derivative of biphenyl
brevetcy: The rank or condition of a brevet officer.
bridalty: celebration of the nuptial feast
Embering: Synonym of Ember day
sudatory: A sudatorium; a hot room used to induce sweating.
deliracy: delirium
inghalla: The reedbuck.
vaginism: Archaic form of vaginismus.
porphyre: Obsolete form of porphyry.
withwind: A kind of bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis).
picklist: A list of items to be gathered from a warehouse.
picklist: A list from which the user can make a selection; a dropdown list.
entomere: One of the more granular cells, which finally become internal, in many segmenting ova, such as those of mammals.
sarcotic: Any medicine that promotes the growth of flesh.
reedling: A bird, the bearded reedling or bearded tit.
encomion: encomium; panegyric
Atticism: The style and idiom of Attic, the Ancient Greek Athenian dialect
Atticism: A well-turned phrase; a concise manner of speech or expression
Atticism: A favouring of, or attachment to Attica and the Athenians
Atticism: A rhetorical movement that began in the 1st century BC, which strove to emulate classical Attic style and usage in reaction against the perceived vulgarities of the Koine
Atticism: The wordings and phrasings typical of this movement, especially as contrasted with the Koine
magnolol: A diallyl biphenol, extracted from the bark of Magnolia officinalis, that has antifungal activity
sternage: The stern of a vessel.
nanocore: A nanosize core
alcotest: An alcohol test; the measurement of the blood alcohol level.
anticore: Alternative form of anticor
whitetop: Lepidium draba, a perennial herb that reproduces by seeds and by horizontal creeping roots.
plastome: The part of the genome of a photosynthetic plant found in its plastid
Arabness: The quality of being Arab.
bathorse: A horse which carries an officer's baggage during a campaign. Also spelt bat-horse and bat horse.
imbonity: Lack of goodness.
caissaca: The Brazilian lancehead, Bothrops moojeni
affibody: Any of a series of commercial antibody-mimetic proteins
venomics: The study of the proteome of venoms
overslop: An outer garment or slop.
tubulure: A short tubular opening at the top of a retort, or at the top or side of a bottle; a tubulation.
bodement: An omen; a prognostic.
galatrox: An acidic galectin from Bothrops atrox snake venom
lipoplex: A complex of plasmids and lipids
lipoplex: A complex of DNA and liposome used in nonviral gene therapy
exscript: A copy; a transcript.
topcloth: A cloth used to cover the top of anything, such as a table or a person's torso.
topcloth: A piece of canvas used to cover the hammocks which are lashed to the top in action to protect the topmen.
pipeweed: A herb smoked in pipes like tobacco.
sea toad: sculpin
sea toad: toadfish
sea toad: anglerfish
sea toad: frogfish in the genus Antennarius
septulum: A little septum; a division between small cavities or parts.
staffier: An attendant bearing a staff.
Bluegown: One of a class of paupers or pensioners, or licensed beggars, in Scotland, who received certain alms every year on the king's birthday, including a blue gown.
clownage: The behaviour or manners of a yokel or rustic.
euphonon: A musical instrument resembling the organ in tone and the upright piano in form.
miRNAome: All the microRNA segments coded by a genome
onomancy: divination by the letters of a name; nomancy
aphthong: A letter or combination of letters employed in spelling a word but not pronounced.
shitpile: A heap of excrement.
shitpile: A very large amount.
shitpile: An unpleasant place or situation.
bilander: A small two-masted merchant vessel, fitted only for coasting, or for use in canals, as in Holland.
polytony: The quality of being polytonic.
eyestone: A small, lenticular, calcareous body, especially an operculum of a small shell of the family Tubinidae, used to remove a foreign substance from the eye.
eyestone: Eye agate.
rosedrop: A rose-flavoured lozenge.
rosedrop: A kind of earring.
rosedrop: A ruddy eruption on the nose caused by drinking; a grog-blossom.
steelbow: A contract by which goods on a farm (such as corn, cattle, implements, etc.) remain the property of the landlord and may not be taken away by a departing tenant.
preluder: One who, or that which, preludes; one who plays a prelude.
myotoxin: Any of a family of small myotoxic peptides present in rattlesnake venom
phagemid: A phage whose genome contains a plasmid that can be removed during the infection of a host with a second, "helper" phage.
osculant: a form of tacinvariant of hypersurfaces that have a point in common
heapsort: A sorting algorithm based on the heap data structure.
puerarin: A glucoside of daidzein found in the roots of kudzu
Taborite: A radical Hussite; an adherent of radical Hussitism at the time of the Bohemian Reformation, who rejected the unique authority of the Catholic Church in matters of faith and was considered heretical.
Camisard: One of the French Protestants of the Cevennes region of south-central France, who raised an insurrection against the persecutions which followed the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685.
stathmin: A protein that regulates microtubule activity
snailase: helicase
uridylyl: The univalent radical derived from uridylic acid
Minorite: Synonym of Franciscan: a friar of the Order of Friars Minor.
Minorite: A lesser cleric.
crankarm: Alternative spelling of crank arm.
belonite: One of the minute acicular or dendritic crystalline forms sometimes observed in glassy volcanic rocks.
poupeton: A puppet.
poupeton: A pulpatoon.
overpart: An upper part.
germogen: A polynuclear mass of protoplasm, not divided into separate cells, from which certain ova are developed.
germogen: The primitive cell in certain embryonic forms.
cliquism: The tendency to associate in cliques; the spirit of cliques.
avowance: The act of avowing; avowal.
avowance: An upholding; defence; vindication.
cydippid: Any of the Cydippida, an order of comb jellies with spherical or oval bodies.
slipshoe: A slipper.
groupset: A complete set of matching bicycle drive control components, including brake calipers, cranks, chainrings, bottom bracket, etc.
maisters: genitive of maister
bearbind: European bindweed, lesser bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis).
bearbind: Hedge bindweed (Calystegia sepium)
wheelrim: The rim of a wheel.
piedness: The state of being pied or particoloured.
ectozoon: An epizoon.
earthhog: An aardvark.
unpicker: One who, or that which, unpicks.
seership: The office or quality of a seer.
gonosome: The reproductive zooids of a hydroid colony, collectively.
gonosome: Synonym of sex chromosome.
euplasia: the condition of tissue that is normal for its type
sukotyro: A legendary quadruped mammal, with elephant and oxen features, reported from Java.
earthpig: Alternative form of earth pig
passival: An archaic progressive construction in middle voice (syntactically active but semantically passive), replaced by the passive progressive in modern English. For example, "the house is building", "the meal was eating", "the trunks were carrying down" (today "the house is being built", "the meal is being eaten").
rockling: Any of various fishes of the Lotidae family.
rockling: Any of certain fishes from other families.
antepast: A foretaste.
hexylene: A colourless liquid hydrocarbon, C₆H₁₂, of the ethylene series, produced artificially, and found as a natural product of distillation of certain coals.
hexylene: Any of several isomers of hexylene proper.
pittacal: A dark blue dyestuff obtained from wood-tar oil, the first to be commercially produced.
earthdin: An earthquake.
nanobody: An antibody having a single, monomeric domain
Assidean: Alternative form of Hasidean
insition: The insertion of a scion in a stock; engraftment.
snottery: Abomination; filth.
snottery: Snobbishness
Hasidean: One of a Jewish religious party involved in the Maccabean wars.
kinemics: The study of gestures as body language
coronule: A coronet or little crown of a seed; the downy tuft on seeds.
outloose: A loosing from; an escape or outlet; an evasion.
septuary: Something composed of seven elements.
haematic: Alternative form of hematic
brantail: The European redstart.
devotary: A votary.
chopboat: A licensed lighter employed in the transportation of goods to and from vessels.
cheliped: A leg bearing a chela, or pincer-like claw.
Catonian: A soldier or supporter of Cato the Elder
demurity: demureness
soigneur: A non-riding member of a racing team whose role is to provide support (such as massages, supplies, and transportation) for the cyclists.
brassart: Alternative form of brassard
conyrine: A fluorescent blue oily base obtained from conine, regarded as a derivative of pyridine.
balloter: Someone who votes by ballot.
exostema: Any of the flowering plant genus Exostema.
painture: The art of painting.
painture: A painting.
seerhand: A kind of muslin of a texture between nainsook and mull.
playgame: The play of children.
fuck flu: Flulike symptoms caused by acute retroviral syndrome.
Delphian: A native or inhabitant of Delphi.
cloyment: satiety
ticktack: A kind of backgammon played with both men and pegs.
ticktack: A repeated ticking noise like that made by a clock or a watch.
softling: A soft, effeminate person; a voluptuary.
biforine: An oval sac or cell, found in the leaves of certain araceous plants, with an opening at each end through which raphides, generated inside, are discharged.
artotype: A kind of autotype.
fingrigo: A prickly climbing shrub of the genus Pisonia.
capnomor: A colourless oil with a peculiar odour, obtained from beech tar.
utteress: A woman who utters; a female utterer.
altiport: A small airfield at high altitude, typically at a French skiing resort
entheasm: inspiration; enthusiasm
drengage: The tenure by which a drench held land
hypogamy: The seeking of a spouse of lower socioeconomic status or caste than oneself.
hare lip: Alternative form of harelip
hardbeam: A tree, the hornbeam.
suitress: A female supplicant or suitor.
fusteric: The colouring matter of fustet.
classman: A member of a class
classman: A classmate.
classman: A candidate for graduation in arts who is placed in an honour class, as opposed to a passman, who is not classified.
Cyrenaic: A native or inhabitant of Cyrenaica.
Cyrenaic: A disciple of the school of Aristippus.
necronym: The name of a person who has died.
necronym: A substitute name used to refer to a person who has died (instead of the name the person had in life).
necronym: A name or name element which indicates that someone the person was closely related to is dead.
stromule: A microscopic stroma-filled tubule found in plant cells such as chloroplasts
pairment: impairment
verditer: verdigris
verditer: Either of two pigments (blue verditer and green verditer) made by treating copper nitrate with calcium carbonate.
tharcake: A cake made from meal, treacle, and butter, eaten on the night of the fifth of November.
plethory: A plethora.
plethory: A plethora; a dangerous excess of something.
memorist: One who, or that which, causes to be remembered.
mugiloid: A fish of the genus Mugil or family Mugilidae — the mullets
innixion: A leaning or resting upon something; an instance of a thing being supported by another; innitency.
boildown: The process of boiling something down; concentration by means of evaporation.
negarchy: A form of status quo maintained by the interrelations of power structure and authority.
Sclavism: Archaic form of Slavism.
bittacle: A binnacle.
rhaphide: Alternative form of raphide
socspeak: The jargon used by sociologists.
whitster: A whitener; a bleacher; a whitester.
disglory: Dishonour.
oncolite: a spherical sedimentary structure formed by cyanobacteria
allochem: a grain of rock in a carbonate rock
coachbox: A coachman's seat on the vehicle.
miniment: Obsolete form of muniment.
tunicary: One of the Urochordata (syn. Tunicata).
os penis: The baculum.
earthman: Alternative form of Earthman
lanifice: Anything made of wool.
Cubanism: A word, usage, or linguistic feature particular to Cuban Spanish or English
Cubanism: Cuban patriotism
Cubanism: A character trait or manner typical of Cubans.
ouistiti: Alternative form of wistiti
revertee: One whose estate or land is reverted.
cuarteto: An upbeat genre of music from Argentina, descended from Italian and Spanish dance ensembles.
albolith: A kind of cement, or artificial stone, consisting chiefly of magnesia and silica.
emu-wren: Any of several Australian passerine birds in the genus Stipiturus with long barbless tail feathers like those of the emu.
boletate: A salt or ester of boletic acid; a fumarate.
leafmold: Alternative form of leaf mold
bergmeal: An earthy substance, resembling fine flour, composed of the shells of infusoria.
bergmeal: A white powdery variety of calcite.
troopial: Archaic form of troupial.
clearout: Alternative form of clear-out
stoicity: Stoicism.
cloudage: Mass of clouds; cloudiness.
eavedrop: A drop falling from the eaves of a building; an eavesdrop.
verbnoun: A verb form which acts as a defective noun, having functions similar to the English infinitive and gerund, and the Latin supine.
incivism: Lack of civism or patriotism; unfriendliness to one's state or government.
phocenin: delphin
assinego: Alternative form of assinico
Brachman: Obsolete form of Brahman.
whiteass: A white person.
masticot: Obsolete form of massicot.
tambaran: A demon or spirit, among certain peoples of Papua New Guinea.
slaverer: A driveler; an idiot.
baenopod: One of the thoracic legs of arthropods.
balayage: A hair colouring technique in which colour is applied by hand.
balayage: A method for reconstructing a harmonic function.
colstaff: A staff allowing two people to carry a burden on their shoulders.
strippet: A small stream.
solleret: A flexible armor shoe (usually steel) made of multiple hinged plates, worn with mediaeval armour.
solleret: One of the plates forming a shoe of this kind.
Busanian: A native or resident of Busan.
illision: The act of dashing or striking against.
chronaxy: Alternative form of chronaxie
rheobase: The minimum electric current amplitude that results in an action potential
portfire: A case of strong paper filled with a composition of nitre, sulphur, and mealed powder, used principally to ignite the priming in proving guns, and as an incendiary material in shells.
lapidist: A lapidary.
diureide: One of a series of complex nitrogenous substances regarded as containing two molecules of urea or their radicals.
tritovum: An embryonic insect which has twice cast its skin before hatching from the egg.
biscornu: A kind of ornamental pincushion, usually made out of Aida cloth or linen, and decorated with embroidery.
tournery: Work turned on a lathe; turnery.
sagenite: acicular rutile occurring in reticulated forms embedded in quartz
bonibell: Obsolete form of bonnibel.
bay yarn: woollen yarn
whitflaw: Obsolete form of whitlow.
monology: The habit of soliloquizing, or of monopolizing conversation.
monology: A work consisting of a single part (as opposed to a dilogy, trilogy, etc.)
slipskin: A grape with a loose skin that can easily be slipped off.
revestry: Obsolete form of revestiary.
dicacity: pertness; sauciness
mandment: Alternative form of mandement
yin yang: Alternative form of yin-yang
caseworm: A worm or grub that makes a case for itself.
simpless: simplicity; silliness
Ditidaht: A member of an indigenous North American people of the southern coast of Vancouver Island in Western Canada.
scribism: The character and opinions of a Jewish scribe in the time of Jesus Christ.
thioxene: Any of three possible metameric substances that are dimethyl derivatives of thiophene, like the xylenes from benzene.
doomsman: One who renders judgement (e.g. a judge, magistrate, or arbiter); an umpire.
doomsman: One who carries out a judgement or sentencing; executioner.
enaction: The process of enacting something.
enaction: The interpretation of consciousness or understanding as a process of meaningfully engaging and interacting with the world in a hierarchy of actions that produce reactions.
comrogue: A fellow rogue.
adjutage: Alternative form of ajutage
smutchin: snuff
blancard: A kind of linen cloth made in Normandy, the thread of which is partly blanched before it is woven.
orvietan: A medicinal preparation thought to be an antidote for any poison.
sceneman: The person who manages the movable scenes in a theatre.
froterer: One who frotes; one who rubs or chafes.
observee: One who is observed.
semiopal: A variety of opal not possessing opalescence.
remberge: Alternative form of ramberge
scrupler: One who scruples.
A20 gate: A gate on x86 microprocessors restricting access to the memory beyond 1 MB.
audio CD: A CD containing digital audio data according to the Red Book standard.
hominine: Any member of the subfamily Homininae.
gigerium: The gizzard of some birds.
sterrink: A crab-eating seal (Lobodon carcinophagus) of the Antarctic Ocean.
milliary: A milestone.
imbution: The act or process of imbuing; imbuement.
veltfare: A bird, the fieldfare.
muskwood: Wood of a West Indian tree of the mahogany family (Trichilia moschata).
muskwood: Wood of an Australian tree (Olearia argophylla).
muskwood: Any of species Guarea guidonia, of the tropical Americas, or their wood.
farfetch: Anything brought from afar, or brought about with studious care; a deep stratagem.
willower: A machine for cleaning wool etc.; a willying machine.
pinpatch: A plant, the periwinkle.
glandage: The feeding of pigs with nuts or mast.
nainsell: self
oat milk: A milky liquid made from oats and used as a milk substitute, cooking ingredient or beverage.
parrotry: Thoughtless imitation or repetition of someone else's words or sayings; mindless repetition.
nubility: The property or state of being nubile
dictamen: A dictation or dictate.
Puseyite: One who holds the principles of Puseyism; a member of the Oxford movement.
paduasoy: A rich and heavy silk material.
paduasoy: A garment made from this material.
catapuce: The plant spurge.
dahabeah: Alternative form of dahabieh
biliment: A woman's ornament; habiliment.
fautress: A patroness.
agnition: acknowledgement
rigation: irrigation
toothful: A small amount, especially a small alcoholic drink.
commorse: remorse
Saxondom: The Saxon domain or race.
corkwing: corkwing wrasse (Symphodus melops)
overplus: That which remains beyond what is necessary or required; a surplus.
neveling: A beating with the fists.
elaphine: The red deer
epitrope: A figure by which permission is either seriously or ironically granted to someone to do what he or she proposes to do, e.g. He that is unjust, let him be unjust still.
liripoop: A pendent part of the old clerical tippet.
liripoop: A tippet; a scarf; worn also by doctors, learned men, etc.
liripoop: acuteness; smartness; knowledge.
liripoop: One's proper business or prescribed role.
liripoop: A silly person.
exostome: The small aperture or foramen in the outer coat of the ovule of a plant.
propinyl: A hydrocarbon radical regarded as an essential residue of propine and allied compounds.
singster: A female singer; songstress.
singster: A singer; songster; vocalist
strap on: Alternative form of strap-on
parcener: A coheir, or one of two or more heirs to an estate that descends jointly, and by whom it is held as a single estate.
pissmire: Alternative form of pismire
subscope: An inner scope contained within an outer scope.
cervelas: Alternative form of cervelat
tutorism: tutorship
traulism: A stammering or stuttering.
taxology: taxonomy
reaccess: A second or subsequent access.
reaccess: A second or subsequent approach; a return.
acrotism: A lack or defect of the pulse.
phyllome: A foliar part of a plant; any organ homologous with a leaf, or produced by metamorphosis of a leaf.
chiquera: The red-necked falcon (Falco chicquera).
trichite: A kind of crystallite resembling a bunch of hairs, common in obsidian.
trichite: A delicate, hair-like siliceous spicule, found in certain sponges.
penhouse: Obsolete form of penthouse.
squamula: One of the little hypogynous scales found in the flowers of grasses; a lodicule.
huisache: The needle bush or sweet acacia (Vachellia farnesiana), a thorny tree of the genus Vachellia, native to Mexico and Central America.
cetoniid: Any of the beetle subfamily Cetoniinae.
trawlnet: A kind of fishing net; a trawl.
corneule: One of the corneas of a compound eye in the invertebrates.
sandwort: Any of several plants in the genera Arenaria, Minuartia, and Moehringia.
presheaf: A contravariant functor whose domain is a category whose objects are open sets of a topological space and whose morphisms are inclusion mappings. The functorial images of the open sets are sets of things called sections which are said to be "over" those open sets. The (contravariant) functorial images of those inclusion mappings are functions which are called restrictions.
wallwort: danewort
civilité: A typeface formerly used in parts of Western Europe which imitates cursive script.
buansuah: The wild dog of northern India and Nepal (Cuon primaevus, now Cuon alpinus); the dhole.
procinct: A state of complete readiness for action.
basihyal: Either of two small bones that form the body of the inverted hyoid arch.
Malagash: Alternative form of Malagasy
burgamot: Archaic form of bergamot.
notwheat: unbearded wheat
moniment: Something to preserve memory; a reminder; a monument.
moniment: A mark, image, or superscription; a record.
elaphure: Père David's deer (Elaphurus davidianus), a Chinese deer with unusual antlers.
toxodont: Any of the †Toxodontia, an extinct notoungulate suborder of Mammalia with long curved incisors, found in the South American Tertiary formation.
lookdown: An oddly-shaped Atlantic marine fish, Selene vomer.
agenesic: Such a person or animal
pomarine: A pomarine jaeger.
psephism: A proposition adopted by a majority of votes, especially by the vote of the Athenian people; a statute.
petalism: A form of ostracism among the ancient Syracusans by which they temporarily banished a citizen suspected of having dangerous influence or ambition.
pargeter: A plasterer.
slugworm: Any of a number of caterpillars which have the general appearance of a slug.
putanism: Habitual lewdness or prostitution of a woman; harlotry.
ampelite: An earth abounding in pyrites, used by the ancients to kill insects, etc., on vines.
ampelite: A carbonaceous alum schist.
stanchel: A stanchion.
mimetism: mimicry
bullwort: A plant, bishop's weed, Ammi majus.
photogen: A light hydrocarbon oil resembling kerosene, used as a lubricant, illuminant, etc.
photogen: A microorganism that produces phosphorescence.
organity: The quality or state of being an organism.
organity: All living organisms, collectively.
organity: The quality of being organic; having the properties found in nature.
cognizor: One who acknowledged the right of the plaintiff or cognizee in a fine; the defendant.
Molinist: A follower of Molinism.
concasse: Alternative form of concassé
concassé: Food (fish, fruit, vegetables, etc) that has been coarsely chopped or cut into large pieces.
Waldense: A member of a sect of dissenters from the ecclesiastical system of the Roman Catholic Church, who in the 13th century were driven by persecution to the valleys of Piedmont.
skullcup: A kapala.
tullibee: A whitefish (Coregonus artedi tullibee, formerly Coregonus tullibee) found in the Great Lakes of North America.
parapegm: An engraved tablet, usually of brass, set up in a public place.
swordick: The spotted gunnel (Muraenoides gunnellus).
bassorin: An amylose that is a constituent part of a species of gum from Basra ( <= Bassora), tragacanth, and some gum resins.
cockweed: peppergrass
cockweed: An obnoxious fool.
canoness: A woman who holds a canonry in a conventual chapter.
oreodont: A member of the extinct genus Oreodon or extinct superfamily Merycoidodontoidea of ruminating hogs.
checkage: The act of marking with a check mark.
checkage: The items or amount to which attention is called by a check mark.
disacryl: A polymeric modification of acrolein.
Tractite: A Tractarian.
reedbird: The bobolink.
reedbird: One of several small Asiatic songbirds of the genera Schoenicola and Laticilla.
unburial: The digging up of something previously buried; disinterment; exhumation.
beakiron: Alternative form of beak-iron
Feringee: Obsolete spelling of firangi
cokernut: Archaic form of coconut.
boutefeu: An incendiary; an inciter of quarrels.
mendment: Obsolete form of amendment.
loveship: The act of falling in or making love; courtship.
lovemate: The person with whom one is mated in love; a lover or sweetheart.
loveness: Love.
epizudic: Alternative spelling of epizootic, in the sense a particular disease (as opposed to an outbreak of disease).
fucktape: A sex tape.
dormcest: Romantic and/or sexual involvement between students residing in the same dormitory.
deskfast: Breakfast eaten at work, particularly while sitting at a desk.
pashalic: The jurisdiction of a pasha.
docimacy: Alternative form of docimasy, the art or practice of applying tests to ascertain the nature, quality, etc., of objects, as of metals or ores, of medicines, or of facts pertaining to physiology.
elderwed: An elderly married person, especially one whose marriage occurred late in life.
adjument: Help; support; that which or one who helps or supports.
fusarole: A moulding generally placed under the echinus or quarter round of capitals in the Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian orders of architecture.
impoofoo: Alternative form of impoofo
amelcorn: spelt (Triticum spelta).
alkargen: cacodylic acid
Stahlian: A believer in, or advocate of, Stahlism.
décadent: Alternative spelling of decadent
burgessy: Citizenship.
cytogeny: cytogenesis
adnation: The fusion of different floral verticils or sets of organs.
bierbalk: A church road (such as a path across fields) for funerals.
coleseed: The common rape or cole.
portsale: public or open sale; auction
sea coot: Any scoter (Melanitta spp.).
drightin: Alternative form of drighten
catstick: A stick or club used in the game of tipcat.
catstick: The game of tipcat
fakeaway: A homemade meal intended to replicate takeaway food ordered from a restaurant.
ninesome: A group of nine persons or things.
fakester: A person who seeks to deceive others.
fakester: A user account on a social networking site with a profile containing information of a false, satirical, or promotional nature.
fakester: A person who affects a behavior, style, or attitude.
outscout: An advance scout.
outscout: A group of advance scouts; an advance scouting party.
drighten: A lord; ruler; sovereign; chief; leader; prince.
drighten: The Lord; Lord God; Christ.
exotheca: The tissue that fills the interspaces between the costae of many madreporarian corals, usually consisting of small transverse or oblique septa.
holarchy: A connection between holons (things that are both a part and a whole).
insessor: Any of the Insessores, which includes many common songbirds.
Friesish: Frisian
longbeak: The American red-bellied snipe (Limnodromus scolopaceus).
Racovian: One of a sect of Socinians or Unitarians in Poland.
cessment: An assessment or tax.
madbrain: A rash or hotheaded person.
sembling: The practice of attracting the males of Lepidoptera or other insects by exposing the female confined in a cage (as by collectors wishing to procure specimens).
beaupere: A father.
beaupere: A companion.
cedriret: coerulignone
conarium: The pineal gland.
atmology: The branch of science dealing with the laws and phenomena of aqueous vapour.
epicoele: A cavity formed by the invagination of the outer wall of the body, as the atrium of an amphioxus and possibly the body cavity of vertebrates.
libament: libation
steening: The hard lining of a well.
pedregal: A lava field in Mexico or the Western US.
semilens: The half of a lens divided along a plane passing through its axis.
retiracy: retirement
fuzzword: A term that is deliberately vague or euphemistic in meaning.
cargason: A cargo; a load of goods.
lipaemia: Alternative form of lipemia
limation: The act of filing or polishing.
headtire: A headdress.
headtire: The manner of dressing the head, as at a particular time and place.
clipbook: A kind of scrapbook for keeping clippings.
cognizee: One to whom a fine of land was acknowledged.
gagtooth: A projecting tooth.
amorette: Obsolete form of amoret.
backbond: An instrument which, in conjunction with another making an absolute disposition, constitutes a trust.
backster: A baker.
truelove: Alternative form of true love
truelove: A plant, Paris quadrifolia.
grasstop: Alternative form of grass top
capellet: A swelling, like a wen, on the point of the elbow (or the heel of the hock) of a horse, caused probably by bruises in lying down.
hartwort: A coarse umbelliferous plant of Europe (Tordylium maximum) or any plant of genus Tordylium.
swelldom: People of rank and fashion; the class of swells, collectively.
midframe: The central part of a frame.
edgebone: Alternative form of aitchbone
roytelet: A little king.
turnsick: The disease coenurosis, specifically when it occurs in sheep.
richweed: Pilea pumila, a herb of the nettle family with a smooth, juicy, pellucid stem.
gemshorn: An instrument of the ocarina family, historically made from the horn of a chamois, goat, or other animal.
gemshorn: An organ stop with conical tin pipes..
reckling: A weak child or animal.
reckling: A reckless person.
sea kale: Crambe maritima, a halophytic perennial plant that grows wild along the coasts of Europe.
corollet: A floret in an aggregate flower.
hummeler: One who, or a machine which, hummels.
hypobole: A rhetorical figure in which several things are mentioned that seem to make against the argument, or in favour of the opposing side, and then they are refuted one by one.
shadbird: The American snipe; Wilson's snipe (Gallinago delicata).
shadbird: The common snipe or European sandpiper (Gallinago gallinago).
epulotic: Any agent that promotes the skinning over or healing of sores.
alcahest: rare spelling of alkahest
estacade: A dike of piles in the sea, a river, etc., to hinder the approach of an enemy.
moneyage: Coinage; mintage.
moneyage: A tax paid to the first two Norman kings of England to prevent them from debasing the coin.
dinarchy: rare spelling of diarchy
encolure: The neck of a horse.
girtline: A gantline.
bibirine: Alternative form of bebeerine
tropeine: Any of a series of ethereal salts derived from tropine.
sulphion: A hypothetical radical, SO₄, regarded as forming the acid or negative constituent of sulphuric acid and the sulphates in electrolytic decomposition.
diallist: Alternative form of dialist
solidism: The doctrine that the solid parts of the body are the only parts that have vital properties and are susceptible to disease
dagswain: A coarse woollen fabric made of daglocks.
ligement: Obsolete form of ledgment.
fourgram: An n-gram consisting of four items from a sequence.
Sybarite: A native or inhabitant of Sybaris.
managery: Management; manner of using; conduct; direction.
managery: Husbandry; economy; frugality.
managery: Something requiring management; a project.
lichwale: A plant, the gromwell.
marchman: A person living in the marches (border regions) between England and Scotland or Wales.
blencher: One who, or that which, scares another; specifically, a person stationed to prevent the escape of the deer during a hunt.
blencher: One who flinches or shrinks back.
pointrel: An engraving tool.
devexity: A bending downward; declivity.
spinstry: The business of one who spins; spinning.
manation: The act of issuing or flowing out.
phthalin: A colourless crystalline substance obtained by reduction from phthalein, into which it is easily converted by oxidation.
phthalin: Any of the series of which phthalin proper is the type.
catapasm: A medicinal powder used by the ancients to sprinkle on ulcers, to absorb perspiration, etc..
dousting: A beating, a dusting.
dousting: A process for separating the dust from ore.
punctist: A punctator.
procoele: A lateral cavity of the prosencephalon; a lateral ventricle of the brain.
ramberge: A kind of large war galley.
droschke: Alternative form of droshky
pap boat: A boat-shaped receptacle for baby food.
pap boat: A large spiral East Indian marine shell (Turbinella rapa), once used by native priests to hold the oil for anointing.
rotalite: Any fossil foraminifer of the family Rotaliidae, abundant in chalk formations.
bufonite: A fossil consisting of the petrified teeth and palatal bones of fishes belonging to the family of pycnodonts, whose remains occur in the oolite and chalk formations.
dioecism: The devolution of a city into its formerly subordinate constituents, the opposite of synoecism.
dioecism: The condition of being dioecious.
prunello: A species of dried plum; a prunelle.
prunello: Alternative form of prunella (woollen material)
bandelet: A small band or fillet; any little band or flat moulding, compassing a column, like a ring.
bandelet: An orthonormal basis that is adapted to geometric boundaries, used in image processing.
gommelin: dextrin
anomuran: Any of the Anomura.
dochmius: A metrical foot of five syllables used in Greek tragedy for highly anguished scenes. The metrical pattern is typically: short-long-long-short-long.
endecane: Alternative form of hendecane
surfbird: A small sandpiper, Aphriza virgata, endemic to the northwestern parts of North America.
otterpox: A friction blister.
perokito: Obsolete form of parakeet.
détrempe: Alternative form of detrempe
makegood: A rerun of an advertisement to make up for previous cancellation or error by the broadcaster.
alt text: A text caption, associated with an image or other element, that is rendered if the usual content cannot be rendered.
windsled: A fan-powered enclosed vehicle for travelling over ice.
orchanet: Alternative form of alkanet (“Alkanna tinctoria”)
batement: abatement; diminution
iron man: Alternative form of ironman
iron man: A self-acting spinning mule used in cotton manufacture.
iron man: Someone who is performs a very complex, complicated, or strenuous task without assistance.
iron man: A dollar.
Zil lane: Any of the road lanes in London, England, dedicated for vehicles transporting VIPs during the 2012 London Olympics.
calambac: A fragrant wood; agalloch.
phenetol: The ethyl ether of phenol, obtained as an aromatic liquid, C₆H₅.O.C₂H₅.
pussyman: A great male lover.
kreatine: Alternative spelling of creatine
spermule: A spermatozoon.
piketail: A kind of duck, the pintail.
moothill: A hill or elevated place where a meeting or council took place in Saxon England.
suberone: cycloheptanone
offscape: The distant part of a view, garden etc.; the background.
tryptich: Misspelling of triptych.
pinkroot: A perennial North American herb (Spigelia marilandica), sometimes cultivated for its showy red blossoms.
pinkroot: An annual South American and West Indian plant (Spigelia anthelmia).
pinkroot: The root of Spigelia marilandica or Spigelia anthelmia, used as a powerful vermifuge.
bernouse: Alternative form of burnoose
aphrenia: stoppage of thought; inability to think
myokymia: An involuntary spontaneous quivering of part of a muscle, insufficient to move a joint.
gorebill: The garfish.
pattemar: Alternative form of patamar
monogeny: Synonym of monogenesis
monogeny: The doctrine that all of the members of the human race have a common origin.
stomapod: Any of the Stomapoda.
fetation: The formation of a fetus in the womb; pregnancy.
spellken: A theatre.
elaolite: Archaic form of elaeolite.
perisoma: A perisome.
whirlwig: A whirligig beetle.
bordland: The land held by a bordar.
bordland: The land which a lord kept for the maintenance of his board, or table.
egrimony: sorrow
egrimony: Alternative form of agrimony
mutacism: Alternative form of mytacism
spuilzie: Alternative form of spulzie
scholion: A scholium.
astroite: A radiated fossil or stone; a starstone.
overpost: An entry that has been posted more than once to a journal.
overpost: An overlap of two graphic elements.
ideogeny: The science dealing with the origin of ideas.
arrasene: A fabric of wool or silk used for working the figures in embroidery.
panshway: Alternative form of panchway
panchway: A Bengalese four-oared passenger boat.
stasimon: A song of the chorus during a tragedy, continued without the interruption of dialogue or anapaestics.
hairtail: Any of a number of species of marine fishes of the family Trichiuridae, long, band-like, with a slender, pointed tail.
theosoph: A theosophist.
legement: Obsolete form of ledgment.
the Bomb: Alternative form of the bomb (as in a nuclear bomb)
scantlet: A small pattern or quantity.
foo yung: A Chinese omelette dish usually made with meat and vegetables.
sepiment: Something that separates; a hedge; a fence.
galactin: An amorphous, gelatinous substance containing nitrogen, found in milk and other animal fluids. It resembles peptone, and is variously regarded as a coagulating or emulsifying agent.
galactin: A white waxy substance found in the sap of the South American cow tree (Galactodendron).
galactin: An amorphous, gummy carbohydrate resembling gelose, found in the seeds of leguminous plants, and yielding on decomposition several sugars, including galactose.
vodouist: Alternative form of voodooist
pintable: A pinball table.
Gascoine: Obsolete form of Gascon.
plantule: The embryo which has begun its development in the act of germination.
physopod: One of the Physopoda; a thrips.
ringbird: The reed bunting.
cosurety: One who is surety with another.
hydrolat: An aromatic hydrosol, especially one made by steam distillation of a plant extract
potecary: Obsolete form of apothecary.
purprise: A close or enclosure; the compass of a manor.
tyrannid: A member of the Tyrannidae; a tyrant flycatcher.
flatbill: Any of various tropical primarily olive-green flycatchers, having a wide flat bill, members of the genera Ramphotrigon, Rhynchocyclus, or Platyrinchus.
phthalyl: Dated form of phthaloyl.
apostume: Obsolete form of aposteme.
metajoke: A joke whose humour arises from its subversion of the usual conventions of humour.
afterset: That which is positioned after or behind.
afterset: A set or stage which is located behind another; a film industry lounge.
felstone: Felsite.
sepalody: The metamorphosis of other floral organs into sepals or sepaloid bodies.
essonite: Cinnamon stone, a variety of garnet.
citicism: The manners of a cit or citizen.
burgrass: A grass of the genus Cenchrus, growing in sand and having burs for fruit.
melanian: One of a family of freshwater pectinibranchiate mollusks with a turret-shaped shell (Melaniidae), which is now considered a synonym for the family Thiaridae, but also containing many species since reclassified into other families.
liegance: Alternative form of ligeance
idlehood: The state or condition of being idle; a habit of idling; idleness.
isopathy: The system that treats a disease by means of the virus of the same disease.
isopathy: The old theory of curing a diseased organ by eating the analogous organ of a healthy animal.
isopathy: The doctrine that the power of therapeutics is equal to that of the causes of disease.
idlehead: One who is vain and foolish.
idlehead: obsolete form of idlehood
ligeance: The connection between sovereign and subject by which they are mutually bound, the former to protection and the securing of justice, the latter to faithful service; allegiance.
cubilose: The salivary secretion various swift species use to make their nests, used as a food item in Asian cuisine.
grapsoid: Any of the crabs in the genus Grapsus or family Grapsidae
grudgery: Deep-seated animosity or ill-feeling about something or someone, maintained over a long period of time; the experience of maintaining such sentiments.
stemline: The line connecting individual letters in Ogham.
stemline: The clone or copy of a cell or set of cells that is most basic, involving the fewest mutations or complexity.
opercule: Alternative form of operculum
engramme: Alternative form of engram
fribbler: One who trifles or behaves frivolously.
twattler: One who twattles; a long-winded talker.
guitguit: One of several species of small tropical American birds of the family Coerebidae, allied to the creepers, especially Cyanerpes caeruleus.
linament: Lint (fine material made by scraping cotton or linen cloth, used for dressing wounds), especially when made into a tent for insertion into wounds or ulcers.
gyneceum: Alternative form of gynaeceum
semiform: A partial or imperfect form.
tregetry: trickery; a trick
whitwall: A bird, the whetile.
mawmetry: Archaic form of mammetry.
phorminx: A kind of lyre used by the Ancient Greeks.
exustion: The act or operation of burning up.
tenerity: tenderness
blackfin: bluefin tuna
e-wallet: An electronic data store for a customer's e-money, credit card details, etc.
troching: One of the small branches of a stag's antler.
depurant: A depurative.
taeniola: One of the radial partitions which separate the internal cavities of certain medusae.
tangfish: The common harbour seal.
molossus: A metrical foot of three long syllables.
drumfish: Any fish of the family Sciaenidae; they make a loud noise by means of an air bladder.
cowwheat: Alternative spelling of cow-wheat
scapulet: A secondary mouth fold developed at the base of each of the arm-like lobes of the manubrium of many rhizostome medusae.
solidist: An advocate of, or believer in, solidism.
carangid: Any fish belonging to the family Carangidae, the jackfish.
touchbox: A box containing lighted tinder, formerly carried by soldiers for kindling matchlocks.
sciaenid: Any fish belonging to the family Sciaenidae.
toe stop: An attachment placed underneath the front of a roller skate or ice skate, used to brake or for stability.
roothair: Alternative form of root hair
rectitis: proctitis.
lacinula: A small lacinia.
Eupatrid: In Ancient Greece, a member of the noble Attic landowning class.
pistacia: Any of the tree genus Pistacia, including the pistachio.
yeartime: A time of the year; a season.
yeartime: A year's time; the space of time equivalent to a year.
piecener: One who supplies rolls of wool to the slubbing machine in a wool mill.
arrosion: The wasting away of a vessel wall under pressure.
arrosion: A gnawing.
pinakone: Alternative form of pinacone
scabling: A fragment or chip of stone.
ambrosin: An early coin struck by the dukes of Milan, and bearing the effigy of St. Ambrose on its horseback.
ambrosin: The sesquiterpene lactone (3aS,6S,6aR,9aR,9bR)-6,9a-dimethyl-3-methylidene-3a,4,5,6,6a,9b-hexahydroazuleno[8,7-b]furan-2,9-dione present in Ambrosia maritima
menilite: An opal.
pinacone: Synonym of pinacol
swanmark: A mark of ownership cut on the bill of a swan.
starhood: The state of being a star (whether an astronomic object or a celebrity).
conchite: A fossil or petrified conch or shell.
Mary-bud: A marigold or its blossom.
crossway: A crossroad.
peacotum: A hybrid species of peach, apricot, and plum lineage.
conistra: A part of the palestra, or gymnasium among the Ancient Greeks: either the place where sand was stored for use in sprinkling the wrestlers, or the wrestling ground itself.
conistra: A part of the orchestra of the Ancient Greek theatre.
dustmite: Alternative form of dust mite
mimetene: mimetite
bylander: Obsolete form of bilander.
sennachy: Alternative form of seannachie
ribroast: A cut of beef from the main rib.
sorrance: Obsolete form of sorance.
coridine: A colourless or yellow oil (C₁₀H₁₅N) found in coal tar, Dippel's oil, tobacco smoke, etc., regarded as an organic base homologous with pyridine.
coridine: Any of a series of metameric compounds of which coridine is a type.
paeonine: An artificial red nitrogenous dyestuff.
disthene: Kyanite.
brocatel: A kind of coarse brocade, or figured fabric, used chiefly for tapestry, linings for carriages, etc.
brocatel: A kind of marble, clouded and veined with white, grey, red, and especially yellow; Siena marble.
alkarsin: cacodyl
palpifer: Alternative form of palpiger
databook: A handbook containing data or statistics.
soundage: The production of a sound.
soundage: Act of sounding something.
soundage: Dues paid for soundings.
soaproot: A perennial herb (Gypsophila struthium) whose root was formerly used as a substitute for soap.
ophiurid: Archaic form of ophiuroid.
dedition: The act of yielding; surrender.
antalgic: Any medicine to alleviate pain; an anodyne.
callipee: Alternative form of calipee
barracan: A thick, strong kind of camlet from linen, wool, cotton or all three, usually with a stripe structure and fringes, traditionally used for outer garments of both sexes in the Arab World, of a similar purpose as the Roman toga and palla or the Indian sari.
scabwort: The plant elecampane.
ironmine: Alternative spelling of iron mine
retepore: Any of several species of bryozoans of the genus Reteporella (syn. Retepora) or the family Reteporidae, that form delicate calcareous corals, usually composed of thin fenestrated fronds.
pilement: An accumulation; a heap.
indesert: Ill desert; failure to deserve something.
pilentum: An easy chariot or carriage, used by Roman ladies, and in which the vessels etc. for sacred rites were carried.
textshop: A kind of writing laboratory where students can experiment with, and attempt to reproduce, the styles and techniques being studied.
lockside: The area of land beside a lock (segment of a waterway enclosed by gates, used for raising and lowering boats between levels).
hatemail: Alternative form of hate mail
paganing: A pagan ritual analogous to baptism for infants.
portegue: Obsolete form of portague.
noselift: A rhinoplasty operation.
sagehood: The condition or time of being a sage.
sagehood: The elderly stage of a male Wiccan (compared with the Sage aspect of the Horned God).
twyblade: Obsolete spelling of twayblade
sailpunk: A subgenre of speculative fiction, focusing on life at sea during the eras of exploration and piracy.
battaile: Obsolete spelling of battle
clotweed: cocklebur
palpiger: The portion of the labium that bears the palpi in insects.
scymetar: Obsolete form of scimitar.
surmisal: surmise
sunblink: A glimpse or flash of the sun.
tysonite: A fluoride of the cerium metals occurring in pale yellow hexagonal crystals.
stearone: The ketone of stearic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance, (C₁₇H₃₅)₂.CO, by the distillation of calcium stearate.
lustring: A glossy silk fabric; lutestring.
leniment: An assuasive.
bauhinia: Any of flowering plants of the Bauhinia genus, some of which are known as orchid trees.
marsilea: Any of the genus Marsilea of aquatic ferns; water clover.
wimpling: A rippling or meandering.
exection: Obsolete form of exsection.
mustaiba: A close-grained, heavy wood from Brazil, used in turning, for making the handles of tools, etc.
scarabee: A beetle
atompunk: A subgenre of speculative fiction, based on the society and technology of the Atomic Age (c. 1945–1969).
patiency: Patience.
patiency: Passivity (as opposed to agency).
camboose: Alternative form of caboose
stoccado: A stab with a pointed weapon.
epopoeia: Alternative form of epopee
merswine: Alternative form of mereswine
dyslogia: Difficulty in expressing ideas in speech.
Tylerism: The policies of U.S. president John Tyler.
Tylerism: The practice of abandoning the political party to which political office is owed, defecting while in office, committing political apostasy.
Tylerism: The Reformed theology of Bennet Tyler.
edgework: Behaviour at the edge of what is normally allowed or accepted; risky or radical behaviour.
periblem: nascent cortex, or immature cellular bark
chromule: Any colouring matter in plants other than chlorophyll, and especially in the petals.
ninebark: Any flowering plant of the genus Physocarpus.
Meccawee: A native or inhabitant of Mecca.
santalum: Any of the genus Santalum of trees with entire opposite leaves and small apetalous flowers.
phyllody: A retrograde metamorphosis of the floral organs to the condition of leaves.
cleargie: Obsolete spelling of clergy
oak fern: Any of various ferns which grow on trees and walls
oak fern: genus Gymnocarpium (syn Thelypteris)
oak fern: Any of various ferns which grow on trees and walls
oak fern: especially common polypody (Polypodium virginianum, native to North America, and Polypodium vulgare, native to Europe), formerly thought to have medicinal properties when found growing on an oak.
supplial: The act of supplying; a supply.
pleonast: One who is addicted to pleonasm, or redundancy in speech or writing.
courtsey: Archaic spelling of curtsey.
aethogen: A compound of nitrogen and boron which, when heated before the blowpipe, gives a brilliant phosphorescent; boric nitride.
entrelac: A knitting technique used to create a textured diamond pattern, comprising interconnected squares on two different orientations.
skimback: A fish, the quillback (Carpioides cyprinus).
hip tree: The dog rose.
proemium: A preface or introduction; a proem.
cynanche: Any disease of the tonsils, throat, or windpipe, attended with inflammation, swelling, and difficulty in breathing and swallowing.
pea crab: A crab of the genus Pinnotheres.
booklung: Alternative form of book lung
wortlore: The traditional knowledge of the medicinal and nutritional use of plants, herbs, and worts.
exoplasm: Archaic form of ectoplasm.
breadman: A man who delivers bread.
bryozoum: A bryozoon.
amaduvad: Alternative form of avadavat
woodlore: Skills relating to living in a woodland environment; woodcraft.
amadavat: An estrildid finch, Amandava amandava, of India and Southeast Asia, commonly kept and bred as a cagebird.
chiefage: A tribute by the head; a poll tax.
mattrass: Archaic form of mattress.
hooroosh: A commotion.
dogshore: One of several shores used to prevent a ship from moving while the blocks are knocked away before launching.
shootlet: A small shoot.
gastness: Obsolete form of ghastness.
tithymal: Any kind of spurge, especially Euphorbia cyparissias.
psychism: The old doctrine that there is a fluid (continuity) universally diffusing, and equally animating all living beings, the difference in their actions being due to the difference of the individual organizations.
signiory: Alternative form of seigniory
alouatte: A South American howler monkey (of the genus Alouatta).
Simonian: One of the followers of Simon Magus.
Simonian: An adherent of certain heretical sects in the early Christian church.
scillain: A glucoside extracted from squill (Scilla) as a light porous substance.
big mama: A grandmother.
externat: A day school.
youngman: Obsolete form of young man.
verdugal: Obsolete form of farthingale.
love box: The vagina or vulva.
fucksore: A genital abrasion as a result of an STD, typically from a herpes virus.
triphane: spodumene
cordelle: A twisted cord; a tassel.
nidering: Alternative form of niddering (synonym of nithing)
penuchle: Alternative form of pinochle
eolipile: Alternative form of aeolipile
phrenism: A supposed "thought force" in vitalism.
bathmism: A supposed "growth force" in vitalism.
cubation: The act of lying down; a reclining.
cubation: The act of finding the volume or cubic content of a body; the result thus found.
floriken: Alternative spelling of florican
fulimart: Obsolete form of foumart.
trochisk: A trochiscus.
buttweld: The junction formed by this kind of welding.
drotchel: Obsolete form of drossel.
robofish: A robotic fish; a robot designed to swim in water in the manner of a fish.
myolemma: sarcolemma
daliance: Obsolete spelling of dalliance
perissad: An atom of this kind.
disenter: Obsolete form of dissenter.
oulachan: Alternative form of eulachon
fuck-toy: Alternative form of fucktoy
stercory: excrement; dung
fuck toy: Alternative form of fucktoy
medregal: A bonito or greater amberjack (Seriola fasciata).
optimacy: government by the nobility
optimacy: the nobility, collectively
optimacy: a most favourable condition or state
balotade: Alternative form of ballotade
ophiuran: Any member of the echinoderm class Ophiuroidea; a brittle star.
Smyrniot: A native or inhabitant of Smyrna (modern-day Izmir, Turkey).
majorate: The office or rank of a major.
birdhood: The state or condition of being a bird.
item set: A set of production rules which have an identical sequence of symbols between the right arrow (→) and the dot (•).
item set: A group of related items.
suck-boy: Someone who has a particular enjoyment of or skill for fellatio.
timoneer: A helmsman.
merbeast: A beast of the sea, especially one which is mythical; a mercreature.
prenomen: Alternative form of praenomen
merqueen: A mermaid, especially one who is a queen.
markhoor: Alternative form of markhor
merhorse: A seahorse.
merhorse: A mythical sea monster with a horse-like head, mane, and large eyes.
merguard: A merperson guard.
merworld: The undersea world of merfolk.
cumsicle: Semen frozen for consumption as food or lube.
cornbind: A weed that binds stalks of corn, such as field bindweed, Convolvulus arvensis or black bindweed, Fallopia convolvulus
pomwater: Obsolete form of pomewater.
lepadoid: A stalked barnacle of the genus Lepas or family Lepadidae; a goose barnacle.
snapweed: Certain species of Impatiens.
snapweed: Cardamine spp. (bittercress, shotweed)
comptrol: Archaic form of control.
apertion: The act of opening.
apertion: An opening; an aperture.
subahdar: Alternative form of subadar
clubfist: A large, heavy fist.
clubfist: A coarse, brutal fellow.
rhematic: The provision of new information regarding the current theme.
rhematic: In the work of Samuel Taylor Coleridge (1772–1834): the doctrine or study of arranging words into sentences clearly.
mirative: A grammatical mood that expresses (surprise at) unexpected revelations or new information.
mirative: (An instance of) a form of a word which conveys this mood.
rootwork: hoodoo
crimosin: Obsolete form of crimson.
Pará nut: brazil nut
podetium: A stalk which bears the fructification in some lichens, such as the reindeer moss.
lintseed: Archaic form of linseed.
encarpus: An ornament on a frieze or capital, consisting of festoons of fruit, flowers, leaves, etc.
sarcosin: Alternative form of sarcosine
parotoid: A parotoid gland.
postcava: The inferior vena cava.
nerfling: A small freshwater cyprinoid fish (Leuciscus idus, syn. Idus idus).
chesible: Obsolete form of chasuble.
sortance: fittingness; appropriateness; seemliness
portigue: Alternative form of portague
parelcon: The addition of a syllable or particle to the end of a pronoun, verb, or adverb.
e-health: Healthcare facilitated by electronic technology.
esparcet: common sainfoin (Onobrychis sativa)
choriamb: A choriambus.
patterer: One who patters, or talks glibly.
patterer: A street peddler.
siskiwit: Archaic form of siscowet.
pedality: The physical structure of a soil, especially in the context of its constituent peds.
pedality: The anatomical formation of the foot and surrounding region.
pedality: Something that is associated with the foot, such as the way it is used (for locomotion or measurement) or the articles of clothing worn on it.
selvagee: A skein or hank of rope yarns wound round with yarns or marline, used for stoppers, straps, etc.
psellism: indistinct pronunciation; stammering; a speech disorder
peterero: Alternative form of pederero
staggard: A four-year-old male red deer.
demonomy: The dominion of demons.
Saxonist: One versed in the Saxon language.
shothole: A hole, very deep but only a few inches wide, which is used to drop explosives beneath the Earth's surface to ease petroleum extraction.
corvesor: A shoemaker.
cordiner: A shoemaker.
reinette: Any of various kinds of apple, mostly of French origin, characterized by russeting.
scaliola: Archaic form of scagliola.
syringin: A glucoside found in the bark of the lilac (Syringa) and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
fredaine: A prank; an escapade.
Turlupin: A member of a religious sect in mediaeval France.
frottoir: Synonym of rubboard
ruptuary: One not of noble blood; a plebeian; a roturier.
arginase: An enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of arginine to form urea and ornithine
tanycyte: A type of ependymal cell, located in the floor of the third ventricle, that has processes extending deep into the hypothalamus.
bitstate: The state (0 or 1) of a particular bit (binary digit).
fippenny: Alternative form of fipenny
ormering: The gathering of ormers; ormer-collecting.
fish owl: Any of group of four species of Asian owls within the genus Bubo resembling the eagle owl.
cymolite: Rare spelling of cimolite.
strombus: Any conch of the genus Strombus. Most subspecies are known as forms of fighting conchs.
legplate: Plate armour worn on one's legs.
cuissard: An armor leg-guard or thigh-guard.
municide: The demise of a city through economic collapse or disincorporation.
spaulder: A piece of plate armour that protects one's shoulder, generally covering less than the pauldron which developed later.
shipling: A small or miniature ship; a boat.
shipfyrd: An Anglo-Saxon naval force or militia; naval fleet; navy.
landfyrd: A ground force; ground expedition; militia; army.
semirant: A mild or brief rant.
tickseed: A seed or fruit resembling a tick in shape, or in clinging to the skin or hair/fur.
tickseed: A plant producing such seed or fruit, such as those in the genera:
tickseed: Bidens, beggarticks.
tickseed: A plant producing such seed or fruit, such as those in the genera:
tickseed: Coreopsis, coreopsis
tickseed: A plant producing such seed or fruit, such as those in the genera:
tickseed: Corispermum, bugseeds
tickseed: A plant producing such seed or fruit, such as those in the genera:
tickseed: Desmodium, tick-trefoils
acedoben: 4-acetamidobenzoic acid, a component of some pharmaceutical preparations including inosine pranobex.
abarelix: A drug that is an injectable gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist.
chartula: A small piece of paper for the storage of one dose of a medicinal powder.
ablukast: A leukotriene antagonist used in the treatment of inflammatory skin conditions.
acipimox: A niacin derivative used as a hypolipidemic agent.
proatlas: A vertebral rudiment in front of the atlas in some reptiles.
assiento: A contract or convention between Spain and other powers for furnishing Negro slaves for the Spanish dominions in America, especially the contract made with Great Britain in 1713.
albutoin: An anticonvulsant drug.
adimolol: An antihypertensive drug.
sorbinil: An aldose reductase inhibitor.
acivicin: A glutamine analogue antimetabolite, used as an antineoplastic agent.
amedalin: An antidepressant drug, synthesised in the 1970s but never marketed.
clonixin: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
ambroxol: A secretolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory diseases associated with viscid or excessive mucus.
divaplon: A nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug from the pyrazolopyrimidine family.
baldpate: A bald-headed person.
baldpate: A bald head.
baldpate: A bird, the American wigeon (Anas americana).
grattoir: Synonym of endscraper
forthput: That which is put forth; a forthputting; product.
toe-hold: Alternative form of toehold
Sprouser: A fan or supporter of Dylan and Cole Sprouse (identical twin actors, born 1992).
cackerel: The mendole, Spicara maena; a small Mediterranean fish considered poisonous in ancient times.
musculin: syntonin
triddler: A bird, the jacksnipe.
asfotase: A drug used to treat hypophosphatasia.
vernacle: A veronica (image of Jesus).
ataluren: A novel small-molecular agent designed to make ribosomes become less sensitive to, or possibly ignore, premature stop codons.
avanafil: A drug used to treat erectile dysfunction.
atinumab: An immunomodulator that binds to reticulon-4.
ignifuge: fire retardant
slideout: A section of a recreational vehicle that can be extended from the main body of the vehicle when parked to form a separate room.
rewinder: One who, or that which, rewinds.
goldwork: Work done using gold metal, as in embroidery or jewellery.
goldseed: A plant, dog's-tail grass (Cynosurus cristatus).
datapath: Alternative spelling of data path
logomark: A logo that is the mark of a business or service.
hidegeld: Alternative form of hidegild
Saminess: The quality of being Sami.
hidegild: A tax paid on each hide of land; hidage.
hidegild: A fine paid in lien of a flogging.
azaloxan: An antidepressant drug, developed in the 1980s but never marketed.
sagemono: Any kind of carrying container hung from one's belt or sash (in Japan), such as a coin purse, tobacco pouch, or pillbox.
wallhick: The lesser spotted woodpecker.
rape van: A vehicle with a large interior body having no windows or blocked windows, such that it would be easy to lure or force a person inside and thereafter conceal their presence in the vehicle in order to commit a sexual assault against them.
hideling: A person or thing given to hiding itself.
wannabee: Alternative form of wannabe
strontia: a pale earth composed of strontium oxide (SrO)
torchère: Alternative form of torchiere
sandsoap: A kind of soap with embedded grains of sand, giving it a coarse, gritty texture, and used for exfoliation or for scrubbing residue from smooth surfaces such as pots and pans.
machoism: machismo; exaggerated masculinity
seminose: A carbohydrate of the glucose group found in the thickened endosperm of certain seeds, and extracted as yellow syrup; D-mannose.
pediluvy: The bathing of the feet.
pediluvy: A bath for the feet.
crop-ear: A person or animal whose ears are cropped.
cyclamin: A white amorphous substance, originally regarded as a glucoside but now known to be a triterpenoid glycoside, extracted from the corm of Cyclamen purpurascens.
Liparian: Someone from Lipari.
lavalier: An item of jewellery consisting of a pendant, sometimes with one stone, suspended from a necklace.
lavalier: A lavalier microphone.
tauridor: Archaic form of toreador.
blue-red: A colour between blue and red; purple or crimson.
megaderm: Any of several species of Old World blood-sucking bats of the genus Megaderma.
stepover: Alternative form of step over.
stepover: A type of espalier where the tree or bush is made to grow horizontally above the ground, like a fence-rail.
myocomma: A myotome
can hook: A device consisting of a short rope with flat hooks at each end, for hoisting casks or barrels by the ends of the staves.
choultry: A Hindu caravanserai.
boat bug: A water boatman.
mesotype: Any of various minerals, including natrolite (soda mesotype), scolecite (lime mesotype), and mesolite (lime-soda mesotype)
mesotype: Any moth of the genus Mesotype
rockrose: Any of various plants in the family Cistaceae.
rockrose: Any of various plants in the family Cistaceae.
rockrose: Any species of the genus Helianthemum, low shrubs or herbs with yellow flowers, especially the European Helianthemum nummularium (syn. Helianthum vulgare) and the American frostweed, Helianthum canadense.
rockrose: Pavonia lasiopetala (Malvaceae), Texas swampmallow.
rockrose: Phemeranthus spp. (Montiaceae), flameflowers.
rockrose: Portulaca grandiflora (Portulacaceae) moss-rose purslane.
seabeard: A green seaweed (Cladophora rupestris) growing in dense tufts.
staffman: A workman employed in silk throwing.
stackage: Hay, grain, etc. in stacks; things stacked.
stackage: A tax on things stacked.
stonebow: A kind of crossbow used for shooting stones.
stonebow: A toy catapult.
Kaingang: A member of a certain South-American Indian people.
thwittle: A small knife; a whittle.
siheyuan: A traditional type of Chinese residence consisting of four houses with a courtyard in the middle; a Chinese quadrangle.
thussock: Obsolete form of tussock.
brezilin: Archaic form of brazilin.
sortment: assortment
sortment: The process of sorting something.
ditation: The act of making rich; enrichment.
defoamer: Any chemical agent used for defoaming.
crowstep: A stair-step type of design at the top of the triangular gable end of a building.
pairwork: work done in pairs
stoccade: Archaic form of stockade.
stoccade: Archaic form of stoccado.
moelline: An unguent for the hair.
allmouth: Any of the order Lophiiformes of anglerfish, such as Lophius piscatorius.
altincar: tincal
baresark: A berserker, or Norse warrior who fought without armour.
afurolol: A beta blocker.
cargoose: A species of grebe (Podiceps cristatus); the great crested grebe.
deforcer: A deforciant.
sine law: law of sines
soricine: Any member of the shrew family (Soricidae).
pectinal: A fish whose bones resemble the teeth of a comb.
spiricle: One of certain minute coiled threads in the coating of some seeds.
polarchy: Alternative form of polyarchy
mockbird: A bird, the European sedge warbler (Acrocephalus schoenobaenus).
conimene: olibene
mongcorn: Alternative form of mangcorn
stitchel: A kind of hairy wool.
proxenet: A negotiator; a factor.
tocororo: A Cuban trogon (Priotelus temnurus) with a serrated bill and a tail that is concave at the end.
synastry: concurrence of the position or influence of stars
synastry: similarity of condition, fortune, etc., as prefigured by astrological calculation
chaptrel: An impost.
calisaya: A valuable Peruvian bark obtained from Cinchona calisaya and closely related species, from which quinine is prepared.
salagane: Alternative form of salangane
niceling: An effeminate, tender, or delicate individual.
niceling: A nice thing.
alalonga: Longfin tuna, albacore.
lanthana: lanthanum oxide (La₂O₃)
neodymia: neodymium oxide
snattock: A chip; a slice or fragment.
tab stop: On a typewriter, one of the horizontal locations where the carriage movement is halted by mechanical gears.
tab stop: A horizontal column in a text document where the cursor stops when the Tab key is pressed. It is used for alignment.
supposal: The act of supposing; supposition.
supposal: Something supposed; a supposition, a hypothesis.
montross: Obsolete form of matross.
suddenty: suddenness; a sudden
Harrapan: A member of the ancient civilisation that once occupied Harappa.
christom: Obsolete form of chrisom.
Meskwaki: A member of a Native American people of the Great Lakes region.
scuppaug: A fish: the scup.
clubhand: A short, distorted hand.
scirrhus: An indurated organ or part, especially a gland.
scirrhus: A cancerous tumour which is hard, translucent, of a gray or bluish color, and emits a creaking sound when incised.
massoret: Alternative form of masoret
allylene: propyne
youthism: discrimination against young people
bullweed: Knapweed.
cosmesis: The preservation, restoration, or bestowing of physical beauty, especially to the human body.
cosmesis: The correction of disfigurement, as by surgery or tattooing.
cosmesis: The results of cosmetic procedures or interventions.
cosmesis: A procedure or intervention to improve appearance.
cosmesis: The creation of life-like prosthetic limbs.
cosmesis: A prosthetic limb with life-like appearance.
araguato: A South American howler monkey, the ursine howler (Alouatta arctoidea).
pinaster: A maritime pine (species Pinus pinaster), that grows in southern Europe.
nekomimi: Cat ears.
nekomimi: (by metonymy, coming from meronymy) A fictional character who has cat ears on an otherwise human body, and possibly other feline characteristics such as a tail.
God wink: An event or personal experience, often identified as coincidence, so astonishing that it is seen as a sign of divine intervention, especially when perceived as the answer to a prayer.
monandry: The possession by a woman of only one husband at one time.
swordman: A swordsman.
scolytid: A bark beetle (of Scolytus)
prelatry: prelacy
bockland: Obsolete form of bookland.
stramony: stramonium
bullpout: Any of various bullheads (fish).
sparhawk: Alternative form of sparrow hawk
pianette: A small piano.
solecist: One who commits a solecism.
donatary: Alternative form of donatory
donatary: A donatary captain.
smishing: Identity theft committed through a malicious link contained within a text message.
ptyaline: Alternative form of ptyalin
man date: A platonic outing by two (typically straight) men, often in settings that would otherwise be reserved for romantic encounters.
God-wink: Alternative form of God wink
burndown: The use of a herbicide to destroy existing foliage.
burndown: A kind of destructive fault in electrical equipment.
burndown: In agile software development, a chart showing how much work remains to be completed.
apophany: Alternative form of apophenia
jetskier: One who jetskis.
faqirism: Alternative form of fakirism
fakirism: The practices of fakirs.
lycopode: A inflammable yellow powder found in lycopodium, or club moss.
tail-bay: One of the joists which rest one end on the wall and the other on a girder.
tail-bay: The space between a wall and the nearest girder of a floor.
tail-bay: The part of a canal lock below the lower gates.
Satanian: A Satanist, or Devil-worshipper.
gibstaff: A staff to gauge water, or to push a boat.
gibstaff: A staff used in stick fighting; a quarterstaff.
hoveller: One who assists in saving life and property from a wreck; a coast boatman.
hoveller: A small boat used on the coast.
box iron: A non-electric clothes iron which is heated by placing something hot (as a piece of iron (the slug), or heated charcoal) into its hollow chamber.
traybake: A meal or dessert baked in a tray.
entoderm: Alternative form of endoderm
glasseye: A fish, the walleyed pike.
glasseye: A form of blindness in horses in which the eye is bright and the pupil dilated; a sort of amaurosis.
shekinah: A visible or otherwise perceptible manifestation of the presence of God
coistril: An inferior groom or lad employed by an esquire to carry the knight's arms and other necessaries; a coistrel.
coistril: A mean, paltry fellow; a coward.
steining: Alternative form of steening
apprizer: An appraiser.
apprizer: A creditor for whom an appraisal is made.
dicyemid: Any member of the phylum Dicyemida or the family Dicyemidae.
coestate: Joint estate.
hypocist: An astringent inspissated juice obtained from the fruit of a plant (Cytinus hypocistis), growing from the roots of the Cistus, a small European shrub.
heartpea: heartseed (plant)
caballer: One who cabals; a plotter or intriguer.
appenage: Alternative form of apanage
octodont: An octodontid, a member of the family Octodontidae.
avoutrer: Alternative form of avouterer
daycarer: A daycare worker.
Swaddler: A member of the Methodist Church in Ireland.
sageland: A habitat with many sagebrush plants.
pondfish: Any of numerous species of American freshwater fishes belonging to the family Centrarchidae.
tubicole: Any member of the order Tubicola (syn. Tubicolae) of annelids.
pedimane: A pedimanous marsupial; an opossum.
electary: Alternative form of electuary
pirarucu: A fish, the arapaima (Arapaima gigas).
evestrum: According to Paracelsus, an astral body that originates at birth and is responsible for visions of the future.
comonoid: The dual of a monoid
palinody: Obsolete form of palinode.
orbicula: A discina.
comodule: The dual of a module.
celotomy: herniotomy
coaction: force; compulsion, either in restraining or impelling
coaction: Collective or collaborative action.
coaction: The mapped version of an action to a cogroup.
berberry: Archaic form of barberry.
cousinry: A body or collection of cousins; the whole number of persons who stand in the relation of cousin to a given person or persons.
semilune: The half of a lune.
papabote: A bird, the upland sandpiper.
sapskull: A stupid person; a saphead.
portoise: The gunwale of a ship.
canderos: A white East Indian resin, formerly used for making small ornaments and toys.
top-rope: A rope used for hoisting and lowering a topmast, and for other purposes.
top-rope: A rope, used for the climber's safety, which runs from a belayer at the foot of a route through one or more carabiners connected to an anchor system at the top of the route and back down to the climber, usually attaching to the climber by means of a harness.
crimpage: The act or practice of crimping, or entrapping soldiers or sailors into service.
crimpage: Money paid to a crimp for shipping or enlisting men.
porwigle: Obsolete form of polliwog.
Landwehr: A segment of the armed forces of Germany, Austria, or Switzerland, often made up of older people, used for defense of the homeland.
bournous: Alternative form of burnoose
amoebian: One of the amoebae.
hobo bag: A handbag or purse characterized by a crescent shape, a slouchy posture, and a long shoulder strap.
parvolin: Alternative form of parvoline
propylon: The porch, vestibule, or entrance of an edifice.
faburden: A kind of counterpoint with a drone bass.
faburden: A succession of chords of the sixth.
faburden: A refrain.
panflute: Alternative spelling of pan flute
bellpush: A button that rings a bell (such as a doorbell) when pressed.
xeraphin: Alternative form of xeraphim
fishhood: The state or condition of being a fish.
fishpool: A pool of water containing fish; fishpond.
strobile: A scaly multiple fruit resulting from the ripening of an ament in certain plants, such as the hop or pine; a cone.
strobile: An individual asexually producing sexual individuals differing from itself also in other respects, such as the tapeworm; one of the forms that occur in metagenesis.
strobile: A strobila or jointed segment.
deerhorn: horn from a deer
centibel: A measure of sound intensity that is one hundredth of a bel on the logarithmic intensity scale.
foalfoot: coltsfoot
Minoress: Synonym of Poor Clare: a nun of the Order of Saint Clare.
fishling: A small or young fish; fry.
picketee: One who is being picketed.
picketee: Obsolete form of picotee.
forsteal: Obsolete form of forestall.
minutage: The amount of time, in minutes, during which advertising can be broadcast.
gentrice: The state or quality of being high-born; gentility.
gentrice: High-born individuals collectively; gentry.
law suit: Archaic form of lawsuit.
postcart: A cart used to deliver the post.
tambouki: Alternative form of tambuki
Bechuana: A member of the Tswana people.
saltweed: Any of various plants of the genus Atriplex.
filicane: A specific triterpene hydrocarbon; any of many naturally-occurring derivatives of this compound
fukinane: A sesquiterpene hydrocarbon 2,7,7a-trimethyl-2-propan-2-yl-3,3a,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-1H-indene; any of many naturally-occurring derivatives of this compound
floormat: A mat that is laid on the floor.
fusidane: Any of a class of antibiotics, produced by dermatophytes, that have a cyclopentanoperhydrophenanthrene structure
Redfella: A member of the Russian mafia.
redfella: Alternative letter-case form of Redfella
tug-boat: Alternative form of tugboat
tug boat: Alternative form of tugboat
anthemis: camomile, in genus Anthemis.
squinzey: Obsolete form of quinsy.
pylagore: A deputy of a state at the Amphictyonic council.
cutgrass: Any of several grass species of Leersia, whose leaves have edges with very small hooked prickles
paritory: Obsolete form of pellitory.
Zidonian: Alternative form of Sidonian
Sidonian: A native or inhabitant of Sidon.
sjambock: Alternative form of sjambok
potender: Synonym of budtender
calumbin: A bitter white crystalline substance extracted from the calumba root (Jateorhiza palmata).
wishbook: A book or catalogue listing desirable things.
astraean: A coral of the former family Astraeidae; a star coral.
York ham: A mild cured ham that has a delicate pink meat; traditionally served with a Madeira sauce
protagon: A nitrogenous phosphorized principle found in brain tissue. By decomposition it yields neurine, fatty acids, and other bodies.
Mathurin: A member of the Trinitarian order.
chalkpit: A quarry where chalk is found.
chakacha: A traditional Swahili style of music and dance.
changkol: A type of hoe.
Abbassid: Alternative spelling of Abbasid
demivolt: A half vault; one of the seven artificial motions of a horse, in which he raises his forelegs in a particular manner.
carriboo: Obsolete form of caribou.
suckfish: The suckerfish, or remora.
Nethinim: A servant of the priests and Levites in the menial services about the tabernacle and temple.
scherbet: Obsolete form of sherbet.
satyrion: Any of several kinds of orchids.
sea pork: Any of various colonial tunicates which resemble salt pork when found washed up on the beach.
soldanel: A plant of the genus Soldanella, low Alpine herbs of the primrose family.
subsizar: An under sizar; a student of lower rank than a sizar.
parchesi: Alternative form of pachisi
fallency: An exception.
strowing: Obsolete form of strewing.
foldback: An overturned flap.
foldback: A current-limiting feature in power supplies and amplifiers.
foldback: The use of rear-facing heavy-duty loudspeakers on stage during live music performances, to improve sound for the audience or to allow performers to hear and monitor themselves.
foldback: A denatured (single-strand) DNA molecule that has formed base pair bonds with itself.
foldback: A chromosome that contains sequences which support foldback; A DNA molecule with a base sequence or sequences that are repeated in reverse order.
foldback: A portion of a storyline that branches based on user choices but where all branches eventually reconverge to a single inevitable event.
foldback: A multimethod research approach that includes open-ended interviewing, nominal group dialogue, survey and attitude scaling techniques, and multidimensional and cluster analyses.
spirifer: Any of numerous species of fossil brachiopods of the genera †Spirifer and †Delthyris and allied genera in order †Spiriferida, in which the long calcareous supports of the arms form a large spiral, or helix, on each side.
doegling: A northern bottlenose whale (Hyperoodon ampullatus), from which oil was once obtained.
scincoid: A skink.
surucucu: A venomous pit viper, the bushmaster.
singlism: Discrimination against and negative perception of single people, and singlehood.
slackcom: A sitcom which revolves around a slacker or slackers.
wild-ass: Alternative spelling of wild ass
wild-ass: An uneducated or boorish person.
singlist: A person who discriminates on the basis of singlehood; one who holds negative views of single people.
pelleter: A machine for forming ingredients into pellets to feed animals.
piquette: A drink of marc and water.
mishegas: Alternative spelling of mishegoss
priorate: The dignity, office, or government of a prior.
poularde: Alternative form of poulard (“young spayed hen”)
starnose: star-nosed mole
guacharo: the oilbird (A nocturnal bird of South America and Trinidad (Steatornis caripensis)
wingfish: A sea robin with large, wing-like pectoral fins.
befouler: One who befouls.
diapnoic: A mild diaphoretic.
cane rat: A large rodent of the genus Thryonomys, native to subsaharan Africa.
metaplay: A play (dramatic work) about plays, or one that makes its theatrical nature obvious.
sportule: A charitable gift or contribution; alms; a sportula.
plaiding: plaid cloth
sternson: The end of a ship's keelson, to which the sternpost is bolted.
pernancy: A taking or reception, as the receiving of rents or tithes in kind, the receiving of profits.
trething: A tax; an impost.
sulliage: foulness; filth
indigest: Something indigested; a crude mass, or disordered state of affairs.
cleveite: A crystalline variety of uraninite.
suspiral: A breathing hole; a vent or ventiduct.
suspiral: A spring of water passing underground toward a cistern or conduit.
testeria: Behavior exhibiting excessive irritability, aggression, or unreasonableness.
testeric: A testerical person.
suillage: A drain or collection of filth.
quadrium: Synonym of quadrivium
quadrium: A highly unstable synthetic isotope of the element hydrogen, ⁴₁H, having one proton and three neutrons.
epiblema: The epidermal cells of rootlets, specially adapted to absorb liquids.
sweetsop: The sugar apple, Annona squamosa.
sweetsop: The tropical American evergreen tree on which it grows.
tremella: Any fungus of the genus Tremella.
sea coal: Alternative form of seacoal
parraqua: A curassow of the genus Ortalis, allied to the guan and chachalaca.
cascalho: A deposit of pebbles, gravel, and ferruginous sand in which diamonds may be found.
parauque: A bird (Nyctidromus albicollis) ranging from Texas to South America, allied to the nighthawk and goatsucker.
sawbelly: A fish, the alewife.
petalody: The metamorphosis of various floral organs, usually stamens, into petals.
runround: A felon or whitlow.
phatagin: The long-tailed pangolin (Manis tetradactyla).
sidebone: A morbid growth or deposit of bony matter at the sides of the coronet and coffin bone of a horse.
roodebok: A South African antelope, the pallah.
cannabin: The resin extracted from hemp (Cannabis sativa, variety Indica), responsible for the narcotic effects of hashish.
gabarage: A kind of coarse cloth for packing goods.
childing: gerund of child: the act or process of childbearing or childbirth.
swimlane: Alternative form of swim lane
hemovore: An organism that ingests blood as the main part of its diet; examples of hemovores include leeches, fleas, ticks, mosquitos, vampire bats, and the vampire ground finch.
snap cap: A dummy round of ammunition used to check ammo feed and other mechanical problems.
snap cap: A cap or cover that snaps into place.
mallecho: Alternative form of malicho
thighing: masturbation by rubbing the penis between another's thighs
pannikel: The brain-pan, or skull; hence, the crest.
scorbute: scorbutus; scurvy
rascasse: Scorpaena scrofa, the red scorpionfish.
raticide: rat poison.
paterero: Obsolete form of pederero.
optotype: A standardized symbol for testing vision.
optotype: An eye chart
congiary: A present of corn, wine, oil, etc. or later of money, made by a Roman emperor to the soldiers or the people.
traphole: A trou-de-loup.
seirfish: Archaic form of seerfish.
sexangle: A hexagon
maclurin: morintannic acid
clavacin: patulin
leucopin: patulin
clavatin: patulin
gigantin: patulin
pickmire: The peewit, or black-headed gull.
Volynian: Alternative form of Volhynian
ceterach: A fern of species Asplenium ceterach.
cibation: The act of taking food.
cibation: The operation of feeding the contents of the crucible with fresh material.
medusian: A medusa.
stycerin: A triacid alcohol, related to glycerin, and obtained from certain styryl derivatives as a yellow, gummy, amorphous substance; phenyl glycerin.
conferva: An unbranched slender green freshwater alga.
shepster: A seamstress.
balister: A crossbow.
balister: An arbalister or crossbowman.
clupeoid: Any of a group of fish closely related taxonomically to herring.
adragant: Gum tragacanth.
duboisia: duboisine
pengolin: Archaic form of pangolin.
cosenage: Obsolete spelling of cozenage
cenogamy: The state of a community which permits promiscuous sexual intercourse among its members, i.e. in which husbands and wives are shared and held in common.
linstock: A pointed forked staff, shod with iron at the foot, to hold a lighted match for firing cannon.
pourlieu: Archaic form of purlieu.
sinopite: A brick-red ferruginous clay used as red paint in ancient times.
cinemuck: A sticky coating on the floor of a movie theatre caused by spilled beverages and dropped snack items.
cinemuck: Cinematic material of low quality.
saltfoot: A large salt cellar formerly placed near the centre of the table, with the superior guests seated above it.
serosity: The quality or state of being serous.
serosity: A thin watery animal fluid, such as synovial fluid or pericardial fluid.
crossrow: A row that crosses others.
crossrow: The alphabet, or Christcross-row.
gourdful: As much as a gourd will carry
tickbite: Alternative form of tick bite
tax bite: The amount or rate of taxes.
chowchow: A Chinese preserve.
chowchow: An American relish, containing pickled green tomatoes, cabbage, and often other vegetables.
chowchow: A fruit ketchup
chowchow: Alternative form of Chow Chow
ptilosis: The appearance or study of feathers on a bird, including factors such as their texture or shape.
ptilosis: Loss of the eyelashes, due to ulceration or other damage to the follicles.
agnation: consanguinity by a line of males only, as distinguished from cognation
agnation: The property of being agnate.
gueparde: A cheetah.
patacoon: Synonym of pataca
calcedon: A foul vein, like chalcedony, in some precious stones.
suwarrow: Archaic form of saguaro.
Strelitz: A soldier of the ancient Muscovite guard or Russian standing army.
triphone: A triplet of adjacent phones.
fromward: A cleaving tool; an iron instrument with a blade set at right angles on a short handle, used for splitting laths or rails.
mispense: Alternative form of misspense
chebacco: A (relatively small) narrow-sterned boat formerly much used in the Newfoundland fisheries.
sea holm: sea holly
sea holm: A small uninhabited island.
wardenry: The office or jurisdiction of a warden; wardenship.
shag-rag: The unkempt and ragged part of the community.
abbatess: Obsolete form of abbess.
abbotess: Obsolete form of abbess.
terutero: Alternative form of teru-tero
punction: A puncture or prick.
megacorp: A very large corporation; megacorporation.
disguize: Obsolete form of disguise.
heydeguy: A kind of hay (country dance or round) popular during the English Renaissance.
tiltyard: Alternative form of tilt-yard
setireme: A swimming leg (of an insect) having a fringe of hairs on the margin.
sapucaia: A Brazilian tree, the monkey pot (any of several species in the genus Lecythis).
amblyopy: Dated form of amblyopia.
studfish: Any of several species of small American minnows of the genus Fundulus, such as Fundulus catenatus.
gromwell: Lithospermum arvense, a plant of the genus Lithospermum anciently used, because of its stony pericarp, in the cure of kidney stones.
turquois: Archaic form of turquoise.
Thomaism: Alternative form of Thomism
ironside: One who is very strong and courageous.
cerusite: Alternative form of cerussite
mesdemet: A pigment made from stibnite and/or galena, once used in Egypt as an eye cosmetic.
oxoanion: Any anion derived from an oxoacid
tweetdom: The world of Twitter; Twitter users collectively.
raygrass: Alternative form of ray grass
wolfkind: The entirety of wolves; all wolves collectively as a group.
overwait: The period of time one overwaits; an excessive duration of waiting; delay.
shoe box: Alternative form of shoebox
diiodine: The normal diatomic form of iodine (I₂)
diiodine: Two iodine atoms in a molecule
suboxone: A combination of buprenorphine and naloxone, used to treat opiate addictions.
jerrybag: A woman who consorted with the Germans during the Second World War.
oxydases: Misspelling of oxidases.
thionate: Any salt or ester of a thionic acid
forbuyer: Redeemer.
actineon: Obsolete form of actinon (“radon-219”)., an isotope of radon
exthorio: Obsolete form of thoron (“radon-220”).
khachqar: Alternative form of khachkar
boriding: The treatment of a metal surface with boride (or the formation of a boride layer)
good-bye: Alternative form of goodbye
sea pear: A stalked sea squirt, of the genus Boltenia.
emirship: The rank or office of an emir.
Ural owl: A Eurasian species of owl, Strix uralensis
Bengalee: Archaic form of Bengali.
fogeydom: The state of being a fogey.
spinelle: Dated form of spinel.
zaprorid: Any of the family Zaproridae of prowfish.
nontruth: That which is not true; a lie or falsehood.
polytech: A polytechnic.
Hyblaean: An inhabitant of the Hyblaean area, South-eastern Sicily, or a person from that ancestry.
Hyblaean: A style of cuisine or individual dishes of or associated with the same area or Hyblaean people.
silogime: Obsolete form of syllogism.
styliser: Alternative form of stylizer
mordancy: The state or quality of being mordant.
muscadel: Alternative form of muscatel (“wine or grape”)
amnaesia: Rare form of amnesia.
novelese: A style of writing characteristic of bad-quality novels.
noveldom: The sphere of novels
mounseer: Pronunciation spelling of monsieur.
mungoose: Archaic form of mongoose.
ployment: The act or movement of forming a column from a line of troops on some designated subdivision
god game: A style of game in which the player observes and controls a large-scale environment, such as a city.
nonlifer: A prisoner who is not serving a life sentence.
muskroot: A tall umbelliferous plant (Ferula moschata, syn. Ferula sumbul)
muskroot: The root of F. moschata, formerly used in medicine and as a substitute for musk.
muskroot: Plants of genus Adoxa (moschatel), especially species Adoxa moschatellina, found in most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere.
muskroot: Nardostachys jatamansi (nard)
stellion: A lizard (Laudakia stellio or Stellagama stellio). It is olive-green with small stellate spots, commonly found in the rocky areas around the Mediterranean.
praecava: The superior vena cava.
encyclic: An encyclical; a papal letter.
danegeld: Alternative letter-case form of Danegeld.
rain day: An alternative later date for an outdoor event in case of inclement weather.
Teasmade: A household appliance for making tea automatically.
lorrying: The process of transporting goods by lorry.
sundance: Any of various Native American religious rituals with song, dance, praying, etc.
sundance: Gaillardia pulchella, a flowering plant of southern US, from Arizona to Florida, and northern Mexico.
specking: The practice by speckers or fossickers of walking around scanning the ground for gemstones.
hair cut: Alternative form of haircut
flatlock: A style of stitching that creates a seam where the seam allowance lies flat to the garment instead of hanging loose from it.
americyl: The oxygenated cation of americium AmO₂⁺
sea monk: monk seal
Catawban: A member of the Catawba people.
Catawban: A native or inhabitant of Catawba County.
plum tom: Synonym of plum tomato
cow tree: Any trees in several species:
cow tree: Brosimum utile, a tree of South America that yields a nourishing milky fluid when cut.
cow tree: Any trees in several species:
cow tree: Couma macrocarpa in the family Apocynaceae, a tropical rainforest tree native to Colombia.
cow tree: Any trees in several species:
cow tree: Gymnema lactiferum (Ceylon cow tree).
cow tree: Any trees in several species:
cow tree: Manilkara bidentata (massaranduba).
echomail: Messages transmitted between bulletin board systems and presented on discussion forums.
homotypy: serial homology
tatouhou: An armadillo, the peba.
mazourka: Dated form of mazurka.
hobdehoy: Alternative form of hobbledehoy
monitrix: A female monitor; a monitress.
asbestus: Dated form of asbestos.
feruling: Punishment with a ferule.
canyoner: One who takes part in the sport of canyoning.
rat king: A conglomeration of rats whose tails have become knotted or stuck together.
odobenid: Any of the family Odobenidae; a walrus
high-top: A kind of sports shoe that extends significantly over the wearer's ankle.
honeybug: Term of endearment.
unaccent: An unaccented syllable.
unstress: An unstressed syllable.
chaotics: A branch of literary and cultural studies based on chaos theory and the inherent structure of apparently chaotic systems.
velveeta: The crossposting of a message to an unreasonably large number of newsgroups.
commlink: A communications device.
abatsons: A device for directing sound downward.
vidphone: videophone
jokefest: A period or event that is full of jokes.
spammage: spamming; sending junk mail in electronic format
eyephone: A device that allows the wearer to watch video material as if immersed in the world being shown.
noseleaf: The elaborate structure of skin surrounding the nostrils of many species of bat.
noseleaf: A noseleaf bat, one of many species of bat that have a noseleaf.
ABC soil: Soil that has a well-differentiated profile, with the three types or horizons of soil.
infoglut: information overload
junglism: jungle music or its subculture
freeride: A form of mountain biking closely related to downhill biking and dirt jumping, focused on tricks, style, and technical trail features.
passw0rd: Leet spelling of password.
creology: Synonym of creolistics
abelmusk: Alternative form of abelmosk in its various senses.
abeltree: A Eurasian tree, Populus alba, that is widely cultivated in North America.
abhinaya: Use of the face and hands, in an expressive manner, similar to the kathakali dance of India.
abhiseka: Alternative spelling of abhisheka
con crud: An illness resulting from having people from a wide variety of places at a single gathering such as a convention, allowing disease to spread easily among them due to lack of immunity.
Abgesang: Repetition of the same word or phrases for emphasis; epistrophe, especially the concluding section.
foregear: Armour for the front of the body.
foregear: A harness for the front horses of a team.
foregear: Any gear located in a front or forward position.
ice-calm: Extreme calm, utter calmness
pillworm: Any myriapod of the genus Iulus and allied genera which rolls up spirally; a galleyworm.
trayline: A system of food preparation, used in hospitals, in which trays move along an assembly line.
portlast: The portoise.
swording: Slashing or fighting with a sword.
roncador: Any of several species of Californian sciaenoid food fishes, especially Roncador stearnsi (spotfin croaker) and others in the Sciaenidae family.
seaberry: The astringent edible orange berry of the sea buckthorn.
Fatimide: Alternative form of Fatimid
Hoxhaist: A supporter of Albanian leader Enver Hoxha.
hickwall: A lesser spotted woodpecker (Dryobates minor).
hickwall: A European green woodpecker (Picus viridis).
hickwall: A blue tit, Cyanistes caeruleus.
magitian: Obsolete form of magician.
musitian: Obsolete form of musician.
logitian: Obsolete form of logician.
pentaene: Any compound having five carbon-carbon double bonds
pentaene: An intermediate (unreduced) product in Torgov steroid synthesis
zethrene: A polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon composed of two fused phenalene moieties.
kekulene: A circulene composed of twelve fused benzene rings, as a hollow hexagon ring, 3 benzene rings to a side.
covertex: A point of intersection between an ellipse and its minor axis.
arsocane: A saturated eight-membered heterocycle having seven carbon atoms and one arsenic atom
arsinine: Any of a class of aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a ring of five carbon atoms and an arsenic atom; especially the simplest one, C₅H₅As.
arsirane: A three-membered heterocycle containing two methylene groups and an arsenic atom; the arsenic equivalent of ethylene oxide
arsoline: Any of three isomeric monounsaturated heterocycles having a five-membered ring and one arsenic atom C₄H₇As
telecall: telephone call
arsepane: A saturated seven-membered heterocycle having six carbon atoms and one arsenic atom.
arsetane: A saturated heterocycle containing three carbon atoms and one arsenic atom
arsepine: An unsaturated seven-membered heterocycle having six carbon atoms, one arsenic atom and three double bonds.
arsirene: The unsaturated three-membered heterocycle containing two carbon atoms, one arsenic atom and a double bond.
check-up: Alternative form of checkup
vegivore: A person with a strong fondness for eating vegetables.
velcroid: One who stays physically near to an influential person, especially in an effort to increase their own media exposure.
diarsole: An unsaturated five-membered heterocycle having three carbon atoms, two arsenic atoms and two double bonds
dithiine: dithiin
virtopsy: A noninvasive autopsy performed through medical imaging technology.
dithiole: Either of two isomeric unsaturated five-membered heterocycles containing three carbon atoms, two sulfur atoms and one double bond
hexazine: The allotrope of nitrogen (N₆) composed of a ring of six atoms, arranged like those of benzene
selenane: A saturated six-membered heterocycle containing five carbon atoms and one selenium atom
waithood: A period of limbo faced by young college graduates in developing countries, in which activities belonging to the traditional transition into adulthood, such as marriage and buying a home, are put off to allow the securing of employment or money.
anœstrus: Obsolete form of anestrus.
A-bomber: An aircraft capable of delivering an atomic bomb as a weapon.
cuntling: A woman.
furanone: The unsaturated lactone 5H-furan-2-one, or any of its derivatives
ethenone: The simplest ketene, of formula CH₂=C=O
furaneol: A derivative of furanone, 4-hydroxy-2,5-dimethyl-3-furanone, used in the flavour and perfume industries to impart a strawberry scent.
heptanol: Any of many isomers of the saturated aliphatic alcohol having seven carbon atoms
edgrowth: Synonym of edgrow (“aftergrass, eddish”)
refitter: One who refits, or fits out again.
quebecol: A polyphenolic compound extracted from maple syrup
murrhine: Alternative form of murrine
allysine: The amino acid 2-amino-6-oxo-hexanoic acid derived from lysine
guanidin: Alternative form of guanidine
flow'ret: Archaic spelling of floweret.
stopsign: Alternative form of stop sign
recopier: One who, or that which, copies again.
Shivaist: Alternative form of Shaivist
inhauler: Synonym of inhaul
bombazet: A kind of thin woollen cloth that may be either plain or twilled.
Shaivist: An adherent of Shaivism.
loinskin: A garment, made of animal skin, that covers the loins (crotch).
worklist: A list of work items to be performed or completed; an agenda.
citrinin: A mycotoxin produced by fungi associated with various cereals.
tuberoid: A tuber-like structure found on some orchids.
fenchone: A monoterpenoid ketone present in the essential oil of fennel
Twi-tard: Alternative spelling of Twitard
whigship: Whiggism.
hæmatine: Archaic form of hematin.
squarate: Any salt or ester of squaric acid
septæmia: Obsolete form of septaemia.
Abramman: Alternative form of Abraham man
bar bike: Synonym of party bike.
devachan: The dwelling-place of the gods, according to theosophy.
newsplan: A methodology used by newspapers to determine the discounted cost of ad copy.
abrocome: Either of the ratlike rodents that form the genus Abrocoma; rat chinchilla.
abrotine: A colorless crystalline alkaloid obtained from abrotanum, C₂₁H₂₂N₂O.
Absaroka: A member of a Siouan people from between the Platte and the Yellowstone Rivers; the Crow.
Absaroke: Alternative form of Absaroka
angström: Alternative form of angstrom
byground: Ground or a piece of ground lying out of the way.
byground: A secondary ground or cause.
onhanger: That which, or one who, hangs on to, relies on, or is dependent upon another; a dependent.
nurse-in: A demonstration in which women gather in public to breastfeed their children.
homœosis: obsolete typography of homoeosis
yermulke: Alternative form of yarmulke
rondelay: roundelay
Manileño: An inhabitant of Manila.
Paultard: A supporter of Ron Paul.
rocaille: Artificial rockwork made of rough stones and cement, as for gardens.
rocaille: The rococo system of scroll ornament, based in part on the forms of shells and water-worn rocks.
rocaille: A seed bead.
corn-cob: Alternative spelling of corncob
screenee: One who undergoes screening.
neck eel: Synonym of longneck eel
timocrat: A supporter of, or ruler in, timocracy.
longneck: A type of beer bottle with a long neck.
longneck: A longneck eel.
longneck: An apatosaur, or other similar sauropod.
Tungoose: Dated form of Tungus.
sheepcot: Alternative form of sheepcote
benzenol: phenol
jive-ass: Synonym of jive turkey.
plowtail: Alternative form of ploughtail
hostship: The property of being a host.
techstep: A subgenre of drum and bass music heavily influenced by techno and industrial music.
bad girl: A female criminal.
bad girl: A woman whose rebellious nature makes her attractive.
bad girl: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see bad, girl.
fullhead: Fullness.
fullhead: A castrated stag.
nonentry: The casualty or advantage which formerly fell to the superior when the heir of a deceased vassal failed to renew the investiture, the superior being then entitled to the rent of the feu.
nonguilt: Absence of guilt.
umeboshi: Pickled ume fruits.
reshaper: One who or that which reshapes.
nonstyle: That which is not a style; lack of style.
fustilug: Alternative form of fustilugs
selfline: A consumer product (especially confectionery) consisting of many identical items within a single package, such as chocolate buttons.
saxonite: Harzburgite, a peridotite consisting mostly of olivine and low-calcium pyroxene.
saxonite: Harzburgite, a peridotite consisting mostly of olivine and low-calcium pyroxene.
saxonite: Peridotite composed of olivine and enstatite.
matadore: Dated form of matador.
mentoree: One being mentored.
fumidity: The state of being fumid or smoky.
Shafiite: A member of the Shafi'i (Arabic: شافعي Šāfiʿī), one of the schools of fiqh, or religious law, within the Sunni branch of Islam, recognising four sources of jurisprudence.
innatist: A supporter of innatism.
lightgun: Alternative form of light gun
whackage: whacking; beating
mersnake: A sea snake.
mersnake: A mermaid snake.
icedrake: A dragon which breathes ice or has a freezing body temperature.
squailer: A weighted stick used to throw, usually at small animals.
morefold: Plurality; multiplicity.
tin bath: A bathtub made from galvanised iron.
tin bath: A bath filled with molten tin, used in the manufacture of glass.
tin bath: A bath made of tin.
wisehood: The state, quality, or condition of being wise; wisdom.
Dahomean: Alternative form of Dahomeyan
metagame: A game about games.
metagame: The exploitation of the rules etc. of some other game, at a higher level than simply playing the game normally; a game outside or peripheral to the actual gameplay.
placepot: A bet in which the bettor must correctly pick a placed horse from each of the first six races from any British race meeting.
Lucchese: A native or inhabitant of Lucca, in Tuscany, Italy.
jumpseat: Alternative form of jump seat
box seat: A seat among a group of seats in an enclosure, as at a theater or stadium.
box seat: A favorable vantage point.
box seat: A coachbox.
Claymate: A fan of American singer Clay Aiken.
capology: The study or science of salary caps, the rules regulating the total amount of player compensation.
hexasomy: A form of aneuploidy featuring the presence of six homologues of the same chromosome.
hexasome: Any one of six homologous chromosomes in an aneuploid complement.
Canfield: A type of solitaire card game; in the UK typically referring to Klondike, and in the US to Demon.
saganaki: Any of various Greek dishes cooked in a small frying pan, especially an appetizer of pan-seared cheese.
Hellhole: Alternative form of hellhole
chabasie: Obsolete form of chabazite.
tachisme: Alternative form of tachism
tachiste: An artist working in the style of tachism.
tantième: The share of profits paid to the management or to the board of directors under a profit sharing scheme.
peasweep: The peewit, or lapwing.
peasweep: The greenfinch.
tangence: Alternative form of tangency
soapwood: Dodonaea viscosa, a flowering plant in the soapberry family.
greenlet: Any of various birds in the genus Hylophilus.
carapato: A South American tick of the genus Amblyamma.
A.A.C.S.: Alternative form of AACS
antifilm: A film that deliberately avoids or subverts the usual characteristics of films.
exoscopy: The microscopic examination of sand grains in order to determine their provenance
deer ked: A Eurasian species of louse fly in the family Hippoboscidae, Lipoptena cervi, that are parasites of elk, deer and other bovine animals, sucking blood and laying eggs in the fur of the host animals.
loadcast: Alternative form of load cast
deer fly: A louse fly, a species in the family Hippoboscidae (Lipoptena cervi), parasites of elk, deer and other bovine animals, sucking blood and laying eggs in the fur of the host animals, found in Eurasia.
deer fly: A gold- or green-eyed horsefly of the genus Chrysops in the family Tabanidae; pests to cattle, horses and humans, feeding on their blood.
shellpad: A turtle or tortoise.
selfname: A proper name; a name for one's own self, as opposed to one's family; one's real name.
selfname: A name given to oneself; a self-denomination; self-appellation.
selfname: An autonym.
draculin: A glycoprotein with anticoagulant properties, found in the saliva of vampire bats.
serpolet: wild thyme
rattener: Alternative form of ratter (“traitor”)
assbrain: An idiot; a fool.
armstand: A dive from a platform that starts from the hands.
half-caf: Coffee of this kind, or a serving of it.
Sinology: Alternative letter-case form of sinology
lob-worm: The lugworm, especially when used in angling.
lob worm: Alternative form of lob-worm
pre-preg: Alternative form of prepreg
Hegelism: Alternative form of Hegelianism
vergescu: The white shield that was the mark of novice knights, especially in Arthurian legend.
aulnager: Alternative form of alnager
algaroba: The carob, a leguminous tree of the Mediterranean region.
algaroba: The edible beans or pods of the carob; St. John's bread.
algaroba: The honey mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), a small tree found from California to Buenos Aires.
algaroba: The sweet, pulpy pods of the honey mesquite.
superfix: One or more letters or sounds added at the top of a word to modify the word's meaning. These are found in Maya script.
superboy: A very remarkable, talented or otherwise exceptional boy.
yakisoba: A Japanese dish made of fried wheat flour noodles, pork, vegetables and a sweet sauce.
operance: The act of operating or working; operation.
deductee: One from whom tax is deducted.
murexoin: A complex nitrogenous compound obtained as a scarlet crystalline substance, and regarded as related to murexide.
Brahmani: Archaic form of Brahmini.
solarism: Sun worship; heliotheism.
solarism: A tendency to overstate the role of the sun in explaining the roots of mythology.
squaroid: Roughly a square; a square-like shape
indorser: Alternative form of endorser
plowhead: Alternative form of ploughhead
antipion: The antiparticle of a pion.
linksman: A male golfer.
surement: A making sure; surety.
suberite: A sponge of the genus Suberites.
storying: The telling of a story or series of events.
pentroof: Alternative form of pent roof
grandboy: A grandson.
fetching: The act by which something is fetched.
moralfag: A person who expresses moral disapproval or moral opinions, especially in a generally amoral setting like the /b/ board on the 4chan community.
top loin: The tender meat from the front portion of loin of beef, usually cut into steak.
aminooxy: The univalent radical NH₂-O-
abietane: A diterpene hydrocarbon that is the structural basis for many natural products
hot hand: Used in reference to a player who makes a series of successful shots in a game.
hot hand: A sustained period of luck or success; a streak of good luck.
shawling: An act of wrapping in a shawl.
galbulus: A fleshy seed-producing cone of junipers and cypresses
sylvaner: A variety of white grape originally from central Europe.
sylvaner: A white wine made from this grape.
mindflow: The flow, course, progression, or outflow of one's thinking or thoughts; thought-process.
vincotto: Cooked grape must (from Puglia) used as a sauce for pouring.
grifonin: Any of a group of peptides, derived from the protein griffithsin, that has antiviral properties
daurinol: An arylnaphthalene lignan that is a potential anticancer agent
fieldman: An agricultural labourer.
fieldman: A fielder.
fieldman: An employee who works in the field rather than at at office; a field agent.
Olympiad: A four-year period, particularly (historical) those based on Hippias's computations of the ancient Olympic Games which placed Coroebus's footrace victory in 776 BCE and (sports) those based on the modern Summer Olympic Games first held in 1896.
Olympiad: Synonym of Olympic Games: an instance of the ancient or modern Olympic Games.
Olympiad: A competition aspiring to the importance of the Olympic Games or considered similar to them, especially one occurring at 4-year intervals, representing a national or international range of amateur student rather than professional adult competition, and/or requiring the highest level of ability in the field for success.
mycolate: Any salt or ester of a mycolic acid
shaffler: A hobbler; one who limps.
flashpot: A kind of pyrotechnic device.
goo ball: Any sweet sticky concoction made with cannabis.
Cahuilla: A member of a group of Native Americans of the inland areas of southern California.
fusileer: Alternative form of fusilier
bullydom: The state or condition of being a bully.
Seleucid: A member of this dynasty.
rutoside: rutin
renalase: An enzyme, released by the kidney, that breaks down adrenaline and related compounds
tranchet: A Neolithic flint chisel produced by the removal of a thick flake at a right angle to the main axis of the tool
Yaghnobi: A member of an ethnic minority in Tajikistan, inhabiting the Sughd province in the valleys of the Yaghnob, Qul and Varzob rivers.
halimane: The diterpene 1,2,5,5-tetramethyl-1-(3-methylpentyl)decahydronaphthalene that is the basis of the structure of many natural products
thonging: An arrangement of thongs in clothing.
nargileh: Alternative form of narghile
goutwort: Goutweed, Aegopodium podagraria.
osoberry: Oemleria cerasiformis, the Indian plum, a shrub native to the Pacific coast and ranges of North America.
osoberry: The small, blue-black, drupe-like fruit of this plant.
ingenane: A particular bridged bicyclic diterpene that is the basis of many natural products
mulinane: A particular diterpene that is the basis of many natural products
quormone: Any of a class of cyclic peptides active in quorum sensing.
myriocin: A lipid-like amino acid that has antibiotic activity
epanados: A pattern of speech in which a subject is first named and then expanded upon by iterating through its parts.
beyerene: A particular bridged tetracyclic diterpene that is isomeric with trachylobane, kaurene and atiserene
advoutry: adultery
snippock: A very small bit; snippet.
snippock: A very small morsel.
jolthead: A dunce; a blockhead.
willywaw: Alternative form of williwaw
sextetto: A sextet.
tremetol: A toxic organic compound found in white snakeroot, the cause of milk sickness.
wrannock: The common wren.
oriflamb: Archaic spelling of oriflamme.
armozeen: A thick plain silk, generally black, used for clerical garments.
armozine: Alternative form of armozeen
simplity: simplicity
calidity: Heat.
flouncer: One who flounces.
candyass: Alternative spelling of candy-ass
studette: A sexually attractive female.
bejeesus: Alternative spelling of bejesus
saxicava: Any of the marine bivalve shells of the genus Saxicava.
scaption: An exercise designed to strengthen the rotator cuff muscle and the deltoid by raising one's arms in front of the body while holding weights and maintaining a straight back.
epistoma: Alternative form of epistome
affeerer: One who affeers.
nectosac: The cavity of a nectocalyx.
capsicin: Alternative form of capsaicin
slumpage: The act or result of slumping or sinking down.
limoniad: A nymph of the meadows.
dronefly: A European hoverfly, Eristalis tenax.
rathripe: Alternative form of rareripe
colotomy: Any incisional operation on the colon.
colotomy: The rhythmic and metric patterns of gamelan music, involving the use of specific instruments to mark off nested time intervals.
eariness: Fear or timidity, especially of something supernatural.
sarplier: A coarse cloth made of hemp, used for packing goods, etc.
glycocin: glycine
sea dove: A bird, the little auk.
harrower: One who harrows.
sea clam: The Atlantic surf clam, Spisula solidissima.
atherine: A small marine fish of the family Atherinidae having a silvery stripe along the sides.
Cape elk: The eland.
epizooty: An epizootic disease or outbreak.
lincture: A linctus; medicine taken by licking with the tongue.
millieme: Alternative form of millime
buhlwork: Alternative form of buhl work
timebase: A time period used as a base measurement or frequency.
stannine: The mineral stannite.
surgency: A trait aspect of emotional reactivity in which a person tends towards high levels of positive affect.
padishah: Alternative form of Padishah
broadway: An esplanade.
broadway: A straight from ace to ten in Texas hold 'em.
half-god: Alternative form of halfgod
Tofitian: A native or resident of Tofino.
moonnaut: Someone trained to live and work on a moon; an explorer of a moon
tractlet: A pamphlet or brochure.
tractlet: A small tract of land.
slapback: A kind of doubling echo with relatively long delay between repetitions of the sound, so that the individual echoes can be perceived.
jettying: A technique used in mediaeval timber-frame buildings in which an upper floor projects beyond the dimensions of the floor below.
redskirt: An unimportant or expendable female character, especially one introduced only to be killed in order to underscore the peril faced by important characters.
dermatic: A remedy for diseases of the skin.
salework: Goods made for general sale (as opposed to goods made specially to order).
kivikivi: Any species of Apteryx, especially Apteryx australis.
Angevine: Alternative form of Angevin
yeswoman: A female yes man.
poncelet: An obsolete French unit of power, equal to the power required to raise a quintal at a velocity of one metre per second.
Modenese: A native or inhabitant of Modena.
Modenese: A dialect of Emilian spoken in the province of Modena.
foodporn: Enticing food imagery.
Lazarite: Alternative form of Lazarist
lepidote: A lepidote plant, any plant with a coat of scurfy scales.
banderol: Alternative form of banderole
Capetian: A member of this dynasty.
Portugee: Alternative form of Portagee
Portagee: A person from Portugal or a person of Portuguese descent.
balonium: A fictional chemical element.
dead-pay: Pay drawn for soldiers, or others, really dead, whose names are kept on the rolls.
dead-pay: A dead soldier whose pay is illicitly claimed by another person.
bull-fly: Any large fly troublesome to cattle, such as a gadfly.
faradism: Treatment with faradic electricity; faradization.
foc's'le: Alternative spelling of forecastle
episcopy: survey; superintendence
episcopy: episcopacy
moraller: A moralizer.
footmeal: A fotmal.
Motorola: A hand-held radio manufactured by the Motorola company.
fumewort: Any of various plants of the subfamily Fumarioideae or family Fumariaceae.
muhfugga: Motherfucker.
gritrock: gritstone
sunshaft: A shaft of sunlight; a sunbeam.
shockdog: A small dog with long shaggy hair; a shock.
Marysole: A large British fluke, or flounder (Lepidorhombus whiffiagonis)
scalenum: A scalene triangle.
reworker: One who reworks.
seepweed: Any of various plants in the genus Suaeda; sea blite.
ghostdom: The condition, state, or realm of ghosts or spirits; spirituality; spiritualism.
wardcorn: A payment of corn to be offered in commutation of military service.
chorisis: The separation of a leaf (or petal or sepal) into two more parts
Stahlist: A believer in Stahlism; a Stahlian.
cavatine: Alternative form of cavatina
slutwear: Slutty, revealing clothing.
verderor: Alternative form of verderer
isangoma: Synonym of sangoma
crepance: An injury in a horse's leg, caused by the shoe of one hind foot striking and cutting the other leg, and sometimes causing an ulcer.
mamzelle: A mademoiselle; an unmarried French lady.
he-whore: A male prostitute; a gigolo.
thyrsoid: Synonym of thyrse
gauntree: Archaic form of gantry.
almagate: An antacid containing aluminium and magnesium.
axomadol: A synthetic analgesic drug.
camostat: A serine protease inhibitor.
Maronite: A member of the Maronite Church.
idazoxan: A drug used in scientific research, acting as a selective α₂ adrenergic receptor antagonist and as an antagonist for the imidazoline receptor.
betazole: A histamine H₂ receptor agonist.
weigelia: Dated form of weigela.
monopody: A measure of a single metrical foot.
monopody: A line comprising one such measure.
toolpost: The part of a toolrest in which a cutting tool is clamped.
sanguiin: A particular ellagitannin.
geraniin: A particular ellagitannin found in geraniums.
bicornin: A particular ellagitannin.
alnusiin: A particular ellagitannin.
jolkinin: An ellagitannin found in Euphorbia jolkinii.
castalin: A particular ellagitannin.
rejoiner: One who joins (an organisation, etc.) again.
rejoiner: A brief introduction to a radio show, etc. when it continues after a commercial or other break.
rejoiner: Someone who wants the United Kingdom to join the European Union again.
puffling: A young puffin.
treeness: The essence of what it means to be a tree; the qualities that make a tree what it is.
treeness: The suitability of an evolutionary tree for representing the structure of a population; the degree to which a population structure can be accurately described as a tree of descent, with different branches evolving independently after they split.
treeness: The condition of being a tree; acyclicity and connectedness.
metayage: A kind of sharecropping system.
culerage: Alternative form of culrage
isarithm: An isoline, or contour line.
bluehead: The blunt-headed wrasse or blue-headed wrasse, a fish of the species Thalassoma amblycephalum or Thalassoma bifasciatum.
sitheman: Obsolete form of scytheman.
collager: An artist who produces collages.
elkerite: A subgroup of pyrobitumens rich in oxygen and partly soluble in alkali, resembling an earthy brown coal and probably representing a product of intense weathering of bitumens.
e-liquid: The liquid in an electronic cigarette that is used to produce the vapour.
facecare: Care of the face; the use of cosmetics, etc. to make the face healthy or attractive.
apyrexia: The absence or an intermission during a bout of fever.
Mantchoo: Obsolete form of Manchu.
erythrin: C₂₀H₂₂O₁₀, an organic compound extracted from certain lichens, a derivative of orsellinic acid.
erythrin: Alternative form of erythrite
porpitid: Any hydrozoan of the family Porpitidae
kowtower: One who kowtows; a sycophant.
folderal: Alternative spelling of folderol
thrustle: The song thrush.
tartarum: tartar
messdeck: The mess on board a ship.
glumella: Alternative form of glumelle
doohinky: Alternative form of doohickey
glumelle: One of the inner chaffy scales of the flowers or spikelets of grasses.
liquitab: A capsule containing detergent for use in washing machines or dishwashers.
hand fan: A hand-held device designed to be waved back and forth in order to induce airflow for the purpose of cooling the user.
dosology: posology; the study of dosages of drugs
satyress: A female satyr
reedmace: A water plant, the cattail.
squilgee: A squeegee; a scraper for removing liquid.
squilgee: A small swab used for drying a vessel's deck.
buckbean: A plant of speciesMenyanthes trifoliata, with racemes of white or reddish flowers and intensely bitter leaves, sometimes used in medicine.
Kohutian: A proponent of Kohut's ideas in psychology.
jailtime: A prison/jail sentence.
negamile: A proposed unit of saved travel, equivalent to one mile not travelled.
rearseat: The back seat of a vehicle.
binarism: A pair of opposites; a specific binary.
binarism: Belief in, or a mode of thought predicated on, a binary; belief that something (for example, gender) is a binary.
cardroom: A gaming establishment where card games can be played.
megahype: Extreme hype.
megafirm: A very large firm.
megadump: A very large dump, or site for discarding waste.
spelding: Alternative form of speldring
ragabash: An idle, ragged person.
syncword: A short marker used to synchronize a transmission by indicating the end of the header information and the start of the data.
archwire: An orthodontic wire conforming to the alveolar or dental arch.
tut-work: Work done by the piece, as in non-metalliferous rock, the amount done being usually reckoned by the fathom.
wehrgeld: Alternative form of wergeld
pin seal: A leather made from the skin of a young seal.
lantanum: Archaic form of lanthanum.
bristlet: A diminutive bristle.
amiiform: Any bowfin of the order Amiiformes
big talk: Statements which are boastful or exaggerated.
big talk: Major topic of conversation; current gossip.
kilobaud: one thousand baud; symbol kBd
megabaud: one million baud
gigabaud: one thousand million baud
wharling: A guttural pronunciation of the letter r; a wharl.
metaloph: A crest attaching the paracone to the hypocone.
mesoloph: A crest in front of the metaflexus, connected to the median mure.
entomber: One who entombs.
mesocone: A conule in the median mure where the mesoloph is attached to it.
paraloph: A crest attaching the paracone to the protocone or the median mure.
cricetid: Any member of the Cricetidae, a family of rodents.
augurist: An augur; a foreteller.
skimpies: Lightweight, revealing garments.
gulfweed: sargassum; algae of the genus Sargassum.
hatorade: An imaginary drink which haters are said to be drinking.
cuscutin: bergenin
delinker: A device in a gun for delinking ammunition.
bergenin: A trihydroxybenzoic acid glycoside with an immunomodulatory effect, found in Bergenia and other plants.
cantraip: Alternative form of cantrip
agacerie: Coquetry; flirtatiousness.
begiving: The act or process of begiving or giving out; issuing.
wihtikow: A wendigo.
huperzia: A firmoss of the genus Huperzia.
haterade: Hatred, as a metaphorical beverage.
breakman: Misspelling of brakeman.
lemurine: lemuroid
dendroid: An arcwise connected, hereditarily unicoherent continuum.
geranine: An astringent obtained from the root of Geranium maculatum or cranesbill.
geranine: A liquid terpene obtained from the cranesbill (Geranium maculatum), with a mulberry odour.
buko pie: A traditional Filipino pie made with young coconuts and condensed milk.
brushcut: Alternative form of brush cut
zip-line: Alternative form of zipline
didrachm: Alternative form of didrachma
trispast: A machine with three pulleys which act together to raise great weights.
seapoose: Alternative form of sea puss
poghaden: menhaden (fish)
nokehike: Alternative spelling of nokehick
luckling: One favoured by luck or fortune.
sea bean: A drift seed or drift fruit.
sea bean: Glasswort (Salicornia spp.), when considered as food.
sea bean: A small univalve shell.
sea bean: The lid of the aperture of any shell of the family Turbinidae, formerly worn as amulets.
pauhagen: menhaden (fish)
muckawis: The whippoorwill.
peritext: Images and textual elements which surround, or are secondary to, the main body of a published work, such as an introduction, notes, front covers, etc.
sea puss: A strong seaward current; a riptide or undertow, especially as results when a sandbar formed by waves suddenly gives way, and which is dangerous to swimmers.
sea puss: The (flowing) channel which results when a cut is made (often deliberately by humans) in a barrier beach which separates a bay from an ocean, so as to control the water level in the bay (which affects water mills) and its salinity (which affects shellfish).
sea puss: Alternative form of sea-purse (“egg case; sea bean”)
pashequa: Alternative form of pasheco
katchina: Alternative form of kachina
angatkuq: An Inuit shaman.
bluebeat: Any of various styles of Jamaican music, popular in the United Kingdom in the 1960s.
cognancy: Cognacy.
pompilid: Any member of the Pompilidae, or spider wasps.
moldwarp: Alternative form of mouldwarp
seacraft: A ship or other vehicle capable of travelling on the ocean.
seacraft: Skill in navigating ocean vessels.
wankapin: Nelumbo lutea, the American lotus, the water chinkapin.
yankapin: Alternative form of yoncopin
squantum: A picnic on the beach, a clambake.
yonkapin: Alternative form of yoncopin
nopaline: An opine derived from glutamic acid and arginine
umbworld: The surrounding world; the world or sphere about one; the environment.
protoxin: A rudimentary toxin
arillode: A structure resembling an aril that comes from the ovule as opposed to the stalk.
xanthide: Any derivative of xanthogen.
kneesies: flirtatious touching using the knee(s)
burocrat: Rare spelling of bureaucrat.
baidarka: Alternative form of bidarka
fabacean: A member of the family Fabaceae.
eyepoint: A point of reference based on the participant's focus, used in generating visual imagery in virtual reality systems.
eyepoint: The focal point of an optical lens.
lineside: The area that borders a railway line.
rockelay: Alternative form of rokelay
fibulare: The bone or cartilage of the tarsus, which articulates with the fibula and corresponds to the calcaneum in humans and most mammals.
harefoot: A long, narrow foot, carried (that is, produced or extending) forward, as in dogs.
harefoot: A type of clover, Trifolium arvense.
harefoot: A type of mushroom, Coprinopsis lagopus
big year: An informal competition among birdwatchers to determine who can see or hear the largest number of species of birds within a single calendar year and within a specific geographical area.
big year: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see big, year.
svedberg: A non-SI unit of sedimentation rate (symbol S or Sv), the rate at which particles of a given size and shape travel to the bottom of a tube under centrifugal force.
Recollet: Alternative form of Recollect
cat-salt: A sort of finely granulated salt formed out of the bittern or leach brine.
portativ: A portative organ.
umbriere: Rare spelling of umbrere.
autowrap: An automatic wrapping feature.
picarian: Any member of the Picariae.
orthopny: Dated form of orthopnoea.
millrynd: Alternative form of millrind
Xibalban: An inhabitant of Xibalba.
Wuhanese: A person from Wuhan, China.
fleishig: Alternative form of fleischig
tue-iron: A tuyere.
scheelin: scheelium; tungsten
zipliner: Someone who takes part in ziplining
leucenol: mimosine
enniatin: Any of a class of organic compounds found in Fusarium fungi, appearing in nature as mixtures of cyclic depsipeptides.
pardaxin: A peptide produced by the Red Sea sole, used as a shark repellent.
mimosine: A toxic alkaloid, β-3-hydroxy-4 pyridone amino acid, found in Mimosa and related plants.
pileworm: The teredo.
comatrix: Adjoint; The transposed matrix of the cofactors of the entries of a matrix.
e-voting: The use of electronic or computer-based systems to cast and count votes in an election.
sea pink: Any of various plants in the genus Armeria; a thrift.
sea pink: The flowering plant Sabatia stellaris.
potshare: Obsolete form of potsherd.
sigblock: A block of text used as a sig (e-mail or newsgroup signature).
potshard: Alternative form of potsherd
Kellyana: memorabilia associated with the outlaw Ned Kelly and his gang.
merlette: In French heraldry, a depiction of a mythological bird without beak or feet.
blenniid: Any fish in the family Blenniidae; a combtooth blenny.
ponyplay: A sexual fetish involving being treated and outfitted like a pony, or treating and outfitting one's partner as a pony.
palgrave: Archaic form of palsgrave.
putchuck: Alternative form of pachak
plowbote: Alternative form of ploughbote
pokeroot: Synonym of pokeweed
lepadite: A lepadoid.
jigawatt: Pronunciation spelling of gigawatt.
somatome: A somite.
clodding: The act of pelting somebody with clods.
pieplant: A plant (Rheum rhaponticum) whose acid leafstalks are used in making pies; the garden rhubarb.
consound: Any of several healing plants of the genera Symphytum, Consolida, Ajuga, Bellis, etc., especially comfrey.
catagory: Misspelling of category.
fat link: A hyperlink that leads to multiple endpoints.
clapcake: Oatmeal cake or bread clapped or beaten until it is thin.
sax tuba: saxhorn
maracuja: A passion fruit.
gigaseal: A seal between a cell and a micropipette that has an electrical resistance in the order of a gigaohm
sand dab: Any of various small flatfish of the genus Citharichthys native to the Pacific coast of the Americas.
fistbump: Alternative form of fist bump
degasser: A device used to degas something
isogroup: An assembled transcription sequence approximately equivalent to a gene
hexoside: Any glycoside derived from a hexose
orientin: A flavone that is a glucoside of luteolin.
gnemonol: Any of a group of stilbene oligomers found in the root of Gnetum gnemon.
torulene: A carotene responsible for the red colour in pea aphids.
astacein: A particular carotenoid.
rhodopin: A particular carotenoid.
astilbin: A flavanonol found in Astilbe and other plants, used as an insecticide.
sea card: A mariner's card, or compass.
sea card: A map of the ocean.
spawling: That which is spawled, or spat out.
crim con: Alternative form of crim. con.
spelican: Alternative form of spilikin
plethrum: Alternative form of plethron
monokine: A cytokine produced by monocytes (or macrophages)
trenimon: The anticancer drug 2,3,5-tris-ethylenimino-1,4-benzoquinone.
gaytopia: A very gay-friendly place or environment.
cantling: The lower course of bricks enclosing a brick-clamp.
nanodrop: A nanosized drop
thiolase: Any enzyme that catalyzes the removal of a thiol group.
déjeûner: Alternative form of déjeuner.
morphome: The totality of morphological features of a species.
caponier: A work made across or in a ditch, to protect it from the enemy (as fire from it could cover the ditch), or to serve as a covered passageway (e.g. to outworks).
polymery: The condition of being polymeric.
nanostar: A star-shaped (concave polygonal) nanoparticle
superegg: A surface formed by rotating a superellipse about one of its axes.
onlyborn: The only child to be born to a parent or family.
rye seed: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rye, seed.
rye seed: Caraway seed, used whole as a flavoring in the best-known type of rye bread, and often mistakenly assumed to be the rye itself.
recloser: A circuit breaker equipped with a mechanism that can automatically close the breaker after it has been opened due to a fault.
cryomold: A shallow plastic contained used for freezing tissue samples
woodline: A line of trees on the edge of a field or other open space marking the beginning of a woods or forest.
deskband: A toolbar embedded into the taskbar.
metastin: kisspeptin
pepastic: A suppurative.
bursicon: A heterodimeric protein that is an insect hormone which mediates tanning in the cuticle of adult flies
homecage: A cage in which a laboratory animal lives, and in which it is experimented on.
idiogram: karyogram
talbutal: 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, a barbiturate that is a structural isomer of butalbital.
creancer: A creditor.
creancer: A guardian or tutor.
zimbabwe: Any of the prominent cultural ruins of which Greater Zimbabwe is the most well known.
bisoness: Obsolete form of business.
myxozoan: Any aquatic parasite of the subphylum Myxozoa.
adefovir: A drug used to treat hepatitis B and herpes simplex virus infection.
syndapin: Any of a family of membrane-active scaffold proteins that participate in endocytosis
afatinib: A drug against non-small cell lung carcinoma.
doc drop: The unauthorized public disclosure of private information.
omnivory: The consumption of both animal and plant matter, or of material from multiple trophic levels; the act or condition of being omnivorous.
pramface: Alternative form of pram face
coprogen: An iron-containing growth-promoting complex isolated from Penicillium and other Aspergillaceae organisms.
cytoband: Any of a pattern of bands, formed on chromosomes of cells undergoing metaphase, that serve to identify particular chromosomes
salmycin: A siderophore-like antibiotic produced by Streptomyces violaceus
shit all: nothing or very little.
ambazone: A particular oral antiseptic.
alimadol: An opioid analgesic related to methadone.
alverine: A drug used to treat functional gastrointestinal disorders.
altizide: A diuretic drug.
ampyzine: A sugar nitrile.
anipamil: A calcium channel blocker.
anilopam: An opioid analgesic of the benzazepine class.
ancestim: A recombinant methionyl human stem cell factor.
axitinib: A small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
feretrum: A kind of medieval reliquary or shrine containing the sacred effigies and relics of a saint.
ockerism: The manners or habits of ockers.
anakinra: A drug that blocks the activity of interleukin-1 and is administered as a subcutaneous injection chiefly in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It is a recombinant form of an endogenous antagonist of interleukin-1 receptor and is marketed under the trademark Kineret.
feruloyl: A univalent radical formally derived from ferulic acid
abbotric: An abbacy.
trihelix: Any of a family of transcription factors found in Arabidopsis and other organisms
trainiac: A railway enthusiast.
salt pig: A kitchen utensil, in the form of a broad container with an open front, used for holding salt.
choliamb: A limping iamb.
carebear: A player who is against griefers; one who dislikes, or tries to prevent, trouble (often PvP related) in the game world.
shaftman: A man who sinks a mineshaft.
guanoxan: A sympatholytic drug.
glutaral: glutaraldehyde
hindneck: The area just below the nape of the neck (of a bird).
tenrecid: Any member of the family Tenrecidae, the tenrecs
coutille: Alternative form of coutil
kazatsky: A squatting dance of Ukraine.
Huaorani: A member of a Native American people from the Amazonian Region of Ecuador.
Elvisdom: The sphere or fandom of singer Elvis Presley.
Shaysite: A follower of Daniel Shays during his 18th-century armed rebellion in New England.
Neodruid: Alternative spelling of neo-druid
followee: One who is followed (has his/her posts monitored by another user).
headhair: Hair which grows on the head.
staylace: A lace for fastening stays.
sea dace: The European seabass.
ringsail: A light sail set abaft and beyond the leech of a boom-and-gaff sail.
malvesey: Alternative form of malvoisie
chiretta: A kind of felwort, Swertia chirata (syn. Agathotes chirayta), found in northern India, esteemed as a tonic and febrifuge.
chiretta: The leaves of this plant, used to make a tonic.
skirrhus: Alternative form of scirrhus
snippack: The common snipe.
scarmage: Obsolete form of skirmish.
digipack: Alternative form of digipak
swashway: Synonym of swash (“narrow sound or channel of water”)
age-mate: One who is the same age as another.
iclaprim: A diaminopyrimidine dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor being developed for the treatment of skin and tissue infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
igmesine: A sigma receptor agonist with neuroprotective, antidepressant, and nootropic effects.
imiloxan: A selective antagonist for the α2B adrenergic receptor, used in scientific research.
iotrolan: A radiocontrast agent.
iopentol: A molecule used as a contrast medium.
iloprost: A drug used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension, scleroderma, Raynaud phenomenon and ischemia.
cabrilla: Epinephelus analogus (spotted grouper), of the eastern Pacific.
cabrilla: Any of various edible fishes of Serranus and related genera, inhabiting the Mediterranean, the coast of California, etc.
columnal: A disklike part of the stem of a crinoid
lactofen: A selective herbicide derived from acifluorfen
bamethan: A vasodilator with the chemical formula C₁₂H₁₉NO₂.
biapenem: A carbapenem antibiotic with in vitro activity against anaerobes.
nimravid: Any of the large extinct feliforms of the family Nimravidae, of the Middle to Late Miocene (40—7 million years ago).
bronopol: A dopamine antagonist with prokinetic properties, widely used as an antiemetic.
melonade: A drink made from melons.
melonade: A glass of this drink.
bolazine: An anabolic steroid.
butizide: A diuretic.
bucolome: A barbiturate derivative with analgesic and anti-inflammatory effects.
xiphodon: An extinct camel-like animal of the genus Xiphodon.
day lark: One who gets up early in the morning or goes to bed early.
planimal: Something that has characteristics of both plants and animals.
danionin: Any of a group of small minnow-like cyprinid fish
felbinac: biphenylylacetic acid, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug of the arylacetic acid class, used to treat muscle inflammation and arthritis
fenbufen: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis.
subplate: A layer of cells lying below the cortical plate of the cerebral cortex.
flomoxef: An oxacephem antibiotic.
fasiplon: A nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic drug of the imidazopyrimidine family.
fludorex: A phenethylamine stimulant drug.
uropodid: Any tortoise mite of the family Uropodidae
efloxate: A vasodilator.
efaroxan: An α2-adrenergic receptor antagonist.
edoxaban: An anticoagulant drug.
emopamil: A particular calcium channel blocker.
enoxacin: An oral broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent used in the treatment of urinary tract infections and gonorrhea.
epanolol: A beta blocker.
eribulin: A particular anticancer drug, a synthetic macrocyclic analogue of halichondrin B.
esuprone: An experimental antidepressant drug.
etalocib: A leukotriene B4 antagonist drug.
etolorex: An anorectic of the amphetamine class.
etamivan: A respiratory stimulant drug related to nikethamide.
etodolac: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
ethotoin: An anticonvulsant drug C₁₁H₁₂N₂O₂ used in the treatment of epilepsy.
lipiodol: A poppyseed oil used by injection as a radiopaque contrast agent.
brodekin: Alternative form of brodequin
muricine: An alkaloid isolated from Annona muricata.
cognisee: Alternative form of cognizee
cognisor: Alternative form of cognizor
sperling: A smelt; a sparling.
sperling: A young herring.
psophiid: Any member of the Psophiidae; a trumpeter.
set-fair: In plastering, a particularly good trowelled surface.
Cesarism: Alternative form of Caesarism
pterotic: The pterotic bone.
cyclotol: An explosive consisting of castable mixtures of RDX and TNT.
scyllite: A substance resembling inosite and metameric with dextrose, extracted from the kidney of the dogfish, the shark, and the skate.
betadine: Povidone-iodine, used as a topical antiseptic.
seasnail: Alternative form of sea snail (“shelled marine gastropod mollusk”)
seasnail: The snailfish (family Liparidae).
folinate: The conjugate base, or any salt or ester, of folinic acid.
May-lady: A May Queen.
nannygai: Any of various fish found around Australia, of the families Lutjanidae, Berycidae, and Glaucosomatidae.
aclerdid: Any member of the family Aclerdidae.
acteonid: Any sea snail in the family Acteonidae.
portunid: Any crab of the family Portunidae; a swimming crab.
acuariid: Any nematode in the family Acuariidae.
aegeriid: Any of the clearwing moths in the family Aegeriidae.
agelenid: Any spider in the family Agelenidae.
lutjanid: Any member of the family Lutjanidae; a snapper.
albuneid: Any member of the family Albuneidae.
alucitid: Any member of the Alucitidae.
castable: Any substance that can be cast, as in a mould.
amastrid: Any snail in the family Amastridae.
ambassid: Any fish in the family Ambassidae.
xantusid: Misspelling of xantusiid.
xylomyid: Any fly in the family Xylomyidae of wood soldier flies.
zerconid: Any mite in the family Zerconidae.
zopherid: Any member of the Zopheridae.
zoogonid: Any member of the Zoogonidae.
zoropsid: Any spider in the family Zoropsidae.
anamixid: Any amphipod in the family Anamixidae.
anatomid: Any sea snail in the family Anatomidae.
andrenid: Any member of the family Andrenidae of bees.
zodariid: Any member of the Zodariidae.
xarifiid: Any copepod of the family Xarifiidae.
anhingid: Any member of the Anhingidae.
anthelid: Any of the moths in the family Anthelidae.
anthicid: Any of the beetles in the family Anthicidae.
aphyonid: Any fish in the family Aphyonidae.
aplysiid: Any sea hare in the family Aplysiidae.
aphidiid: Any parasitic wasp in the former family Aphidiidae, now considered to be part of the Braconidae.
arbaciid: Any sea urchin in the family Arbaciidae.
anisakid: Any nematode in the family Anisakidae; they can cause anisakiasis among humans who eat infected raw fish.
aracanid: Any member of the family Aracanidae of fish similar to boxfishes.
archaeid: Any member of the family Archaeidae of spiders, of southern Africa, Madagascar, and Australia.
arcticid: Any clam in the family Arcticidae, all but one species of which are extinct.
arcturid: Any of the marine isopods in the family Arcturidae.
ascidiid: Any of the tunicates in the family Ascidiidae
ascaphid: Any of the tailed frogs in the family Ascaphidae
astartid: Any of the family Astartidae of bivalves.
ataphrid: Any gastropod in the family Ataphridae, which is probably a synonym for the family Trochaclididae.
asteriid: Any member of the family Asteriidae of sea stars.
assamiid: Any of the harvestmen in the family Assamiidae.
atelurid: Any of the primitive wingless insects in the family Ateluridae.
axymyiid: Any member of the family Axymyiidae.
atlantid: Any gastropod in the family Atlantidae.
balaenid: Any member of the family Balaenidae.
avimimid: Any dinosaur in the family Avimimidae.
balistid: Any triggerfish in the family Balistidae.
baphetid: Any of the extinct early tetrapods in the family Baphetidae.
banjosid: Any member of the family Banjosidae, which contains only one known species: Banjos banjos, the banjofish.
barleeid: Any of the gastropods in the family Barleeidae.
bethylid: Any wasp in the family Bethylidae.
bedotiid: Any fish in the family Bedotiidae.
bibionid: Any of the family Bibionidae of March flies.
bittacid: Any insect in the mecopteran family Bittacidae; a hangingfly.
blaberid: Any cockroach in the family Blaberidae.
boganiid: Any beetle of the family Boganiidae.
bolyerid: Misspelling of bolyeriid..
borborid: Any fly of the family Borboridae (now Sphaeroceridae).
branchid: Any member of the Branchidae, a family of priests who had charge of the Ionian sanctuary of Didyma before it was destroyed by the Persians.
bucconid: Any member of the family Bucconidae, the puffbirds.
buccinid: Any member of the Buccinidae.
briareid: Any soft corals of the family Briareidae.
bucaniid: Any extinct gastropod in the family Bucaniidae.
berothid: Any insect of the beaded lacewing family, Berothidae.
balbarid: Any member of the family †Balbaridae of extinct kangaroos.
naffness: The quality of being naff.
bullinid: Any sea snail in the family Bullinidae, now considered a synonym for the Aplustridae.
buphagid: Any bird in the family Buphagidae, the oxpeckers.
burhinid: Any bird in the family Burhinidae, the stone curlews and thick-knees.
bythitid: Any fish in the family Bythitidae, the brotulas.
cacatuid: Any bird in the family Cacatuidae, the cockatoos.
calappid: Any crab in the family Calappidae.
Naxalism: Naxalite beliefs and activities.
callaeid: Any bird in the family Callaeidae.
camillid: Any fly of the family Camillidae.
cambarid: Any member of the family Cambaridae of crayfish of North America.
camaenid: Any land snail of the family Camaenidae.
canaceid: Alternative spelling of canacid.
candonid: Any ostracod of the family Candonidae.
caponiid: Any member of the family Caponiidae of spiders.
carcinid: Any crab in the family Carcinidae.
carditid: Any member of the family Carditidae.
cariamid: Any bird in the family Cariamidae; a seriema.
castorid: Any member of the Castoridae; a beaver.
castniid: Any moth in the family Castniidae.
Naxalite: A member of any of several militant Maoist movements in India.
caryodid: Any snail in the family Caryodidae.
celyphid: Any fly of the family Celyphidae.
caudinid: Any sea cucumber in the family Caudinidae.
cerionid: Any snail in the family Cerionidae.
cercopid: Any insect in the family Cercopidae, the froghoppers.
certhiid: Any bird in the family Certhiidae, the creepers.
ceratiid: Any fish in the family Ceratiidae.
cetopsid: Any catfish in the family Cetopsidae.
chalinid: Any sponge in the family Chalinidae.
characid: Any fish in the family Characidae.
charopid: Any snail in the family Charopidae.
charinid: Any arachnid in the family Charinidae.
chelurid: Any amphipod in the family Cheluridae.
chelonid: Any member of the family Cheloniidae of sea turtles.
chelodid: Any of the family Chelodidae of extinct molluscs.
chitonid: Any member of the Chitonidae.
chlopsid: Any eel in the family Chlopsidae.
chilinid: Any water snail in the family Chilinidae.
ciconiid: Any member of the family Ciconiidae the storks.
cimbicid: Any sawfly in the family Cimbicidae.
citharid: Any fish in the family Citharidae.
clausiid: Any copepod in the family Clausiidae.
cliopsid: Any sea angel in the family Cliopsidae.
clionaid: Any member of the Clionaidae.
coerebid: Any bird in the family Coerebidae, often considered part of the Thraupidae.
coelopid: Any member of the Coelopidae.
coelurid: Any member of the often revised family Coeluridae of dinosaurs.
colletid: Any member of the family Colletidae of solitary bees.
colymbid: Any member of the Colymbidae, an obsolete family made up of two groups of birds that are now known to be not closely related: the grebes (modern Podicipedidae) and the loons/divers (modern Gaviidae).
colydiid: Any beetle in the family Colydiidae, now considered to be the zopherid subfamily Colydiinae.
columbid: Any dove or pigeon in the family Columbidae.
corambid: Any sea slug in the family Corambidae.
conorbid: Any member of the Conorbidae.
cordylid: Any member of the family Cordylidae.
coraciid: Any bird in the family Coraciidae; a roller or dollarbird.
corinnid: Any member of the family Corinnidae of sac spiders.
corbulid: Any bivalve in the family Corbulidae.
coriscid: Any bug in the family Coriscidae, a synonym for the Alydidae.
cosmetid: Any member of the family Cosmetidae of harvestmen.
corystid: Any crab in the family Corystidae.
cotingid: Any bird in the family Cotingidae.
crotonid: Any member of the family Crotoniidae of mites.
creediid: Any fish in the family Creediidae.
gynecium: Alternative form of gynæceum
crotalid: A pit viper; any member of the subfamily Crotalinae (formerly the family Crotalidae) in family Viperidae.
corillid: Any snail in the family Corillidae.
ctenizid: Any spider in the family Ctenizidae.
cyematid: Any fish in the family Cyematidae, the bobtail snipe eels.
cypraeid: Any cowry in the family Cypraeidae.
cymatiid: Any sea snail in the family Cymatiidae.
egg-bird: Any of several species of tern, especially:
egg-bird: The white-fronted tern (Sterna striata).
egg-bird: Any of several species of tern, especially:
egg-bird: The sooty tern (Onychoprion fuscatus) of the West Indies.
egg-bird: Any of several species of tern, especially:
egg-bird: The white-tailed tropicbird (Phaethon lepturus).
cypridid: Any ostracod in the family Cyprididae.
cypselid: Any bird in the family Cypselidae, now known as the Apodidae (the swifts).
cyclopid: Any copepod in the family Cyclopidae.
dasyatid: Any fish in the family Dasyatidae; a stingray.
dalcerid: Any in the family Dalceridae of moths.
dipterid: Any fly of the order Diptera
huminite: A form of vitrinite that has a dull, non-glassy appearance.
lycopsid: Any primitive plant of the division Lycopodiophyta
fusinite: An inertinite maceral that preserves some features of the plant cell wall structure.
deinopid: Any spider in the family Deinopidae.
Randroid: A supporter of Ayn Rand's philosophies, particularly an overzealous one.
diapriid: Any wasp in the family Diapriidae.
diguetid: Any spider in the family Diguetidae.
diazonid: Any tunicate in the family Diazonidae.
dicrurid: Any bird in the family Dicruridae; a drongo.
appender: A software component that appends data to a computer file.
didemnid: Any member of the Didemnidae, tunicates that form colonies on the seabed in shallow waters.
dinomyid: Any rodent in the family Dinomyidae.
diogenid: Any crustacean in the family Diogenidae.
dictynid: Any spider in the family Dictynidae.
diplurid: Any member of the family Dipluridae of funnel-web tarantulas.
diretmid: Any fish in the family Diretmidae.
diviniid: Any member of the Diviniidae.
discinid: Any brachiopod in the family Discinidae.
dorippid: Any crab in the family Dorippidae.
doliolid: Any member of the family Doliolidae of pelagic tunicates.
dromaiid: Any bird in the family Dromaiidae; an emu.
dugongid: Any mammal in the family Dugongidae, such as the dugong, the Steller's sea cow, and other extinct species.
dynastid: Any beetle in the family Dynastidae, now considered to be the scarabaeid subfamily Dynastinae.
dytiscid: Any member of the family Dytiscidae of diving beetles.
dysderid: Any spider in the family Dysderidae.
drepanid: Any moth in the family Drepanidae.
echimyid: Any rodent in the family Echimyidae.
dugesiid: Any of the freshwater planarians in the family Dugesiidae, including the species used for studying regeneration in the laboratory.
eimeriid: Any member of the family Eimeriidae of chromists.
elenchid: Any strepsipteran in the family Elenchidae.
eleotrid: Any member of species in the family Eleotridae of sleeper fishes.
xanthose: A complex formed between xanthine and ribose.
ellobiid: Any member of the family Ellobiidae of air-breathing saltwater snails.
emuellid: Any trilobite in the family Emuellidae.
encyrtid: Any parasitic wasp in the family Encyrtidae.
echeneid: Any fish of the family Echeneidae (the remoras or suckerfish).
endromid: Any moth in the family Endromidae.
entoliid: Any clam in the family Entoliidae.
eosimiid: Any extinct primate in the family Eosimiidae.
epicriid: Any mite in the family Epicriidae.
ephippid: Any fish in the family Ephippidae.
epigonid: Any member of the family Epigonidae: the deepwater cardinalfishes.
erotylid: Any member of the Erotylidae family of insects; a pleasing fungus beetle.
eriphiid: Any crab in the family Eriphiidae.
erycinid: Any butterfly in the former family Erycinidae, which was found to contain species better classified as belong to two families, the Riodinidae and the nymphalid subfamily Libytheinae.
etheriid: Any freshwater mussel in the family Etheriidae.
ephydrid: Any species of the shore fly family Ephydridae.
eulophid: Any parasitic wasp of the family Eulophidae.
euplerid: Any member of the family Eupleridae, Malagasy mongooses, cat-like mammals of Madagascar.
euphaeid: Any damselfly in the family Euphaeidae.
eudrilid: Any oligochaete worm in the family Eudrilidae.
eupelmid: Any member of the family Eupelmidae of parasitic wasps.
eumolpid: a member of the hereditary priesthood of the Eleusinian Mysteries in Ancient Greece
eumolpid: Any beetle in the chrysomelid subfamily Eumolpinae.
elaterid: Any member of the family Elateridae of click beetles.
falconid: Any member of the Falconidae; a falcon or caracara.
feaellid: Any member of the Feaellidae.
fimbriid: Any clam in the family Fimbriidae.
sterolin: Either of two proteins (and associated genes) that regulate sterol absorption and excretion.
fregatid: Any member of the Fregatidae; a frigatebird.
fulgorid: Any hemipteran of the family Fulgoridae
fundulid: Any fish in the family Fundulidae.
gadiniid: Any sea snail in the family Gadiniidae, a synonym of the Trimusculidae.
gammarid: Any amphipod of the suborder Gammaridea.
gammarid: Any amphipod of the family Gammaridae.
geryonid: Any crab in the family Geryonidae.
galbulid: Any bird in the family Galbulidae; a jacamar.
geotriid: Any fish in the family Geotriidae.
ginkgoid: Any gymnosperm in the subclass Ginkgoidae.
glypheid: Any lobsterlike crustacean in the family Glypheidae.
glaresid: Any beetle in the family Glaresidae.
gnathiid: Any isopod in the family Gnathiidae.
no-scope: A kill with a sniper rifle performed without scoping in.
glomerid: Any millipede in the family Glomeridae.
carlumab: A human monoclonal antibody designed for oncology and immune indications.
cefminox: A cephalosporin antibiotic.
carbadox: A drug that combats bacterial infection in swine.
cefteram: A cephalosporin antibiotic.
gempylid: Any fish of the escolar family, Gempylidae.
gymnotid: Any member of the Gymnotidae; a naked-back knifefish.
gymnitid: Any ammonite in the family Gymnitidae.
gymnurid: Any fish in the family Gymnuridae.
gavialid: Any reptile of the family Gavialidae.
haliotid: Abalone, any member of the family Haliotidae.
haliplid: Any member of the family Haliplidae of crawling water beetles.
glycerid: Any member of the Glyceridae.
glycerid: Archaic form of glyceride.
grantiid: Any sponge in the family Grantiidae.
haleciid: Any hydroid in the family Haleciidae
haemulid: Any fish in the family Haemulidae, the grunts.
Heraclid: One of the Heracleidae, or descendants of Hercules.
halictid: Any member of the family Halictidae, many of which are known as sweat bees.
hermaeid: Any gastropod in the family Hermaeidae.
hesionid: Any polychaete worm of the family Hesionidae.
hepialid: Any member of family Hepialidae of ghost moths.
hoplitid: Any ammonite in the family Hoplitidae.
cloforex: An amphetamine anorectic that is a prodrug to chlorphentermine.
hyblaeid: Any moth in the family Hyblaeidae.
clazolam: A fused benzodiazepine and tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative with anxiolytic effects.
cinoxate: An ester formed from methoxycinnamic acid and 2-ethoxyethanol, and used in some sunscreens.
clazuril: A drug used in veterinary medicine as a coccidiostat.
clopidol: A coccidiostat used in veterinary medicine, prepared from dehydroacetic acid.
ciladopa: A dopamine agonist.
codoxime: An opiate analogue, derived from hydrocodone, with antitussive effects.
holopeid: Any extinct sea snail in the family Holopeidae.
hynobiid: Any member of the family Hynobiidae of salamanders.
hyperiid: Any amphipod of the suborder Hyperiidea.
hyperiid: Any amphipod of the family Hyperiidae.
icosteid: Any ragfish in the family Icosteidae.
inermiid: Any fish in the family Inermiidae, a synonym of the Haemulidae.
cynarine: A hydroxycinnamic acid found in artichoke that inhibits taste receptors, producing a sweet taste.
iridinid: Any freshwater mussel in the family Iridinidae.
cetiedil: A vasodilator and antisickling agent.
isotomid: Any springtail in the family Isotomidae.
histerid: Any of the numerous beetles in the family Histeridae; a clown beetle.
karaurid: Any salamander-like amphibian in the family Karauridae.
laelapid: Any member of the family Laelapidae of mites.
kermesid: Any scale insect in the family Kermesidae.
lamponid: Any spider in the family Lamponidae.
lemoniid: Any moth in the family Lemoniidae, now considered to be part of the Brahmaeidae.
kyphosid: Any of the perciform fish of the family Kyphosidae (the sea chubs).
leuconid: Any member of the family Leuconidae of hooded shrimps.
arginene: Misspelling of arginine.
limoniid: Any cranefly in the family Limoniidae.
leuctrid: Any stonefly in the family Leuctridae.
limopsid: Any bivalve in the family Limopsidae.
lithodid: Any of the crab-like crustaceans in the family Lithodidae, the king crabs.
litiopid: Any sea snail in the family Litiopidae.
lituitid: Any in the family †Lituitidae of extinct cephalopods.
locustid: Any member of the Locustidae family, now included in subfamily Oedipodinae in family Acrididae.
lophotid: Any fish in the family Lophotidae, the crestfish or unicornfish.
antizyme: Any enzyme that inhibits the action of another
loveniid: Any sea urchin in the family Loveniidae
lymnaeid: Any pond snail in the family Lymnaeidae.
macariid: Any moth in the family Macariidae, now considered to be the geometrid tribe Macariini.
malkarid: Any spider in the family Malkaridae.
mammutid: Any member of the family Mammutidae; a mammoth.
lyonsiid: Any clam in the family Lyonsiidae.
melaniid: Any freshwater snail in the family Melaniidae (synonym of family Thiaridae).
mephitid: Any member of the family Mephitidae of skunks and stink badgers.
menippid: Any crab in the family Menippidae.
mictyrid: Any crab in the family Mictyridae.
meropeid: Any scorpionfly in the family Meropeidae.
miliolid: Any foraminifer in the order Miliolida.
miturgid: Any spider in the family Miturgidae.
monommid: Any beetle in the family Monommidae, synonym for the zopherid tribe Monommatini.
mochokid: Any member of the Mochokidae.
mopaliid: Any chiton in the family Mopaliidae.
mutillid: Any velvet ant in the family Mutillidae.
melittid: Any bee of the family Melittidae.
molossid: Any bat in the family Molossidae
mycterid: Any beetle in the family Mycteridae.
myxillid: Any sponge in the family Myxillidae.
mysmenid: Any spider in the family Mysmenidae.
naraoiid: Any member of the Naraoiidae.
narcinid: Any fish in the family Narcinidae.
nebaliid: Any member of the family Nebaliidae of small crustaceans.
neanurid: Any springtail of the family Neanuridae.
muraenid: Any eel in the family Muraenidae.
naucorid: Any member of the family Naucoridae, the creeping water bugs
nemesiid: Any spider in the family Nemesiidae.
nacellid: Any limpet in the family Nacellidae.
nemourid: Any stonefly in the family Nemouridae.
nautilid: A cephalopod of the family Nautilidae.
myocilin: Any of a class of proteins, normally secreted into the aqueous humor of the eye, that sometimes accumulate to cause glaucoma.
myometer: An instrument used to measure muscle contraction
neolanid: Any member of the family Neolanidae of spiders.
rhotekin: A scaffold protein that interacts with Rho proteins
marasmic: A person suffering from a marasmus
nephilid: Any spider in the former family Nephilidae, now considered part of the family Araneidae.
nephtyid: Any polychaete worm of the family Nephtyidae.
nereidid: Any polychaete worm of the Nereididae.
nerineid: Any extinct sea snail in the family Nerineidae.
nerillid: Any polychaete worm of the family Nerillidae.
nesticid: Any spider of the family Nesticidae.
nestorid: Any member of family Nestoridae of parrot-like birds of New Zealand.
nicomiid: Any treehopper in the family Nicomiidae, a synonym of the Membracidae.
nesomyid: Any rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
nonionid: Any member of the Nonionidae.
ochterid: Any insect in the family Ochteridae.
oculinid: Any of the family Oculinidae of stony corals.
ocypodid: Any crab in the family Ocypodidae.
ocythoid: Any member of the Ocythoidae.
ochlesid: Any member of the family Ochlesidae of small shrimp-like crustaceans.
nycterid: Any member of the family Nycteridae of bats; slit-faced bats.
oecobiid: Any spider in the family Oecobiidae.
opheliid: Any polychaete worm of the family Opheliidae.
omosudid: Any fish in the family Omosudidae, which consists of a single known species, the deep-sea hammerjaw, Omosudis lowii.
ophidiid: Any fish in the family Ophidiidae.
opabinid: Any extinct arthropod in the family Opabinidae.
oxyaenid: Any mammal in the family Oxyaenidae.
opalinid: Any heterokont in the family Opalinidae.
opomyzid: Any fly of the family Opomyzidae.
oxynotid: Any shark in the family Oxynotidae.
orbiniid: Any polychaete worm of the family Orbiniidae.
orneodid: Any moth in the family Orneodidae, a synonym of the Alucitidae.
pandalid: Any shrimp in the family Pandalidae.
pandorid: Any pf the family Pandoridae of clams.
pantheid: Any moth in the family Pantheidae, now considered to be the noctuid subfamily Pantheinae.
panopeid: Any crab in the family Panopeidae.
pantylid: Any tetrapod in the family Pantylidae.
alaninol: The amino alcohol 2-amino-1-propanol, related to alanine.
ditophal: An antileprotic drug.
ditazole: A platelet aggregation inhibitor.
arfaptin: A protein (or associated domain) that interacts with ARF1
pataecid: Any fish in the family Pataecidae.
passalid: Any member of the family Passalidae of beetles.
partulid: Any snail in the family Partulidae.
patellid: Any limpet in the family Patellidae.
passerid: Any member of the family Passeridae of sparrows and their close relatives.
desonide: A low-potency topical corticosteroid.
doxapram: A respiratory stimulant.
domiodol: A mucolytic.
pectinid: Any member of the Pectinidae; a scallop.
pediciid: Any fly in the family Pediciidae.
delapril: An ACE inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug.
pelagiid: Any jellyfish in the family Pelagiidae
dimazole: A antifungal.
peraclid: Any sea butterfly in the family Peraclidae.
phaennid: Any copepod in the family Phaennidae.
phacopid: Any trilobite of the order Phacopida.
skewerer: One who, or that which, skewers.
philinid: Any sea slug in the family Philinidae.
phiomyid: Any extinct rodent in the family Phiomyidae.
mequinol: A drug used in combination with tretinoin in the treatment of liver spots.
pholadid: Any member of the family Pholadidae of certain clam-like molluscs.
mexenone: benzophenone-10
meglutol: A hypolipidemic agent.
mersalyl: An organomercury compound.
perlodid: Any stonefly in the family Perlodidae.
lomentum: Synonym of loment
mesulfen: An antiacne drug.
pilumnid: Any crab in the family Pilumnidae.
petaurid: A possum of the family Petauridae.
phymatid: Any ambush bug in the subfamily Phymatinae of the family Reduviidae, formerly considered to be an independent family, Phymatidae.
personid: Any member of the family Personidae of molluscs.
pilekiid: Any trilobite in the family Pilekiidae.
pisaurid: Any member of the Pisauridae, nursery web spiders.
placunid: Any bivalve in the family Placunidae.
plakinid: Any member of the Plakinidae.
pisidiid: Any clam in the family Pisidiidae, now considered part of the family Sphaeriidae.
planaxid: Any sea snail of the family Planaxidae.
morazone: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
moperone: A typical antipsychotic of the butyrophenone class.
visnagin: A particular furanochromone.
phylliid: Any leaf insect in the family Phylliidae.
perthane: An insecticide, 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(4-ethylphenyl)ethane
mezepine: A tricyclic antidepressant.
jacozine: An alkaloid found in ragwort (Jacobaea vulgaris, syn. Senecio jacobaea).
plotosid: Any catfish in the family Plotosidae.
poecilid: Alternative spelling of poeciliid.
podoctid: Any harvestman of the family Podoctidae.
kind bud: Alternative form of kine bud
podargid: Any bird in the family Podargidae; a frogmouth.
kine bud: High-grade marijuana.
exicator: desiccator (laboratory equipment)
Zimmerit: A non-magnetic covering on tanks and other armoured vehicles, used by the Germans towards the end of World War II to prevent magnetic mines being attached.
micromol: Alternative form of micromole
oppeliid: Any member of the Oppeliidae.
pomatiid: Any gastropod in the family Pomatiidae.
potoroid: Any marsupial in the family Potoroidae.
poromyid: Any clam in the family Poromyidae.
poteriid: Any member of the family Poteriidae, now family Neocyclotidae, of snails.
prodoxid: Any moth in the family Prodoxidae.
proporid: Any member of the Proporidae.
protelid: Any member of the Protelidae.
Romnesia: A propensity to claim to have forgotten, or act like one has forgotten, one's past deeds and political positions.
psechrid: Any member of the family Psechridae of spiders.
cantenna: A directional waveguide antenna for long-range Wi-Fi, made from an open-ended metal can.
jacoline: An alkaloid found in ragwort (Jacobaea vulgaris, syn. Senecio jacobaea).
pupillid: Any snail in the family Pupillidae.
jaconine: An alkaloid found in ragwort (Jacobaea vulgaris, syn. Senecio jacobaea).
live oak: An evergreen species of oak characteristic of the US South, southern live oak (Quercus virginiana).
live oak: Any of several other species of oak with evergreen, usually holly-like, leaves.
pyrgotid: Any fly of the family Pyrgotidae.
ranellid: Any gastropod in the family Ranellidae; a triton.
ratardid: Any member of the Ratardidae.
rhodopid: Any sea snail in the family Rhodopidae.
rhopalid: Any bug in the family Rhopalidae.
riodinid: Any member of the Riodinidae.
rhysodid: Any member of the family Rhysodidae of wrinkled bark beetles, sometimes Rhysodini in family Carabidae.
ricaniid: Any member of the family Ricaniidae of planthoppers.
runcinid: Any sea slug in the family Runcinidae.
sachitid: Any member of the Sachitidae.
salangid: Any member of the family Salangidae of icefishes and noodlefishes.
romeriid: Any extinct primitive reptile in the family Romeriidae.
rhytidid: Any predatory snail in the family Rhytididae.
schilbid: Any member of the Schilbidae.
uloborid: Any spider in the family Uloboridae.
romaleid: Any member of the Romaleidae, the lubber grasshoppers.
urothoid: Any amphipod in the Urothoidae.
valvatid: Any gastropod in the family Valvatidae.
velellid: Any hydrozoan in the family Velellidae, synonym for the Porpitidae.
veigaiid: Any mite in the family Veigaiidae.
vaejovid: Any scorpion in the family Vaejovidae
Cordoban: A Cordovan.
vireonid: Any bird in the family Vireonidae.
vitrinid: Any member of the family Vitrinidae of land snails and slugs.
vombatid: Any wombat of the family Vombatidae
scytodid: Any spider of the family Scytodidae, the spitting spiders.
sebastid: Any member of the Sebastidae.
Cordovan: A person from Córdoba.
seisonid: Any member of the family Seisonidae of rotifers.
seleucid: Any member of the Seleucidae.
serpulid: Any of the family Serpulidae of annelid worms.
sesarmid: Any member of the family Sesarmidae of crabs.
simuliid: Any blackfly in the family Simuliidae.
sinuitid: Any mollusk in the family Sinuitidae.
silvanid: Any member of the family Silvanidae of flat bark beetles.
sicariid: Any spider in the family Sicariidae.
smaridid: Any mite in the family Smarididae.
serranid: Any fish of the family Serranidae.
solemyid: Any clam in the family Solemyidae.
sphagnid: Any sphagnum moss in the subclass Sphagnidae.
sphindid: Any in the family Sphindidae of beetles.
sphyrnid: Any member of the Sphyrnidae.
spalacid: Any member of the Spalacidae: the mole rats, bamboo rats and zokors.
sphargid: Any turtle in the family Sphargidae, a synonym for the Dermochelyidae.
spiraxid: Any snail in the family Spiraxidae.
spirurid: Any nematode in the family Spiruridae.
spirulid: A cephalopod of the order Spirulida, including the ram's horn squid.
yawmeter: An instrument that measures an aircraft's yaw.
squillid: Any in the family Squillidae of mantis shrimps.
strombid: Any conch in the family Strombidae.
streblid: Any member of the family Streblidae (now in Hippoboscidae) similar to botflies.
stylopid: Any insect in the family Stylopidae.
synaptid: Any sea cucumber in the family Synaptidae.
symmocid: Any moth in the family Symmocidae.
sycettid: Any sponge in the family Sycettidae.
syngamid: Any in the family Syngamidae of nematodes.
syrnolid: Any sea snail in the family Syrnolidae, now considered to be the pyramidellid subfamily Syrnolinae.
tegastid: Any copepod in the family Tegastidae.
tellinid: Any bivalve mollusc of the family Tellinidae
talitrid: Any amphipod in the family Talitridae.
terebrid: Any auger shell of the family Terebridae.
tetillid: Any sponge in the family Tetillidae.
tetrigid: Any member of the family Tetrigidae (groundhoppers).
tethinid: Any fly in the family Tethinidae, now considered to be the canacid subfamily Tethininae.
termitid: Any termite in the family Termitidae
thraciid: Any clam in the family Thraciidae.
thomisid: Any member of the Thomisidae; a crab spider.
thraupid: Any of the tanagers and related birds in the family Thraupidae.
tindarid: Any member of the Tindaridae.
thysanid: Any chalcidoid in the family Thysanidae, a synonym of the Signiphoridae.
tineodid: Any moth in the family Tineodidae.
therevid: Any fly in the family Therevidae.
thyridid: Any moth in the family Thyrididae.
timaliid: Any bird in the family Timaliidae; a babbler.
Obamaton: A person who follows U.S. president Barack Obama blindly.
triopsid: Any member of family Triopsidae of tadpole shrimps.
tragulid: Any member of the family Tragulidae of mouse deers.
tryptase: Any of a group of serine proteinase contained in mast cells
trogonid: Any bird in the family Trogonidae, the trogons.
tropitid: Any ammonite in the family Tropitidae.
turnicid: Any bird in the family Turnicidae; a buttonquail.
tyrranid: Misspelling of tyrannid.
turbinid: Any mollusk in the gastropod family Turbinidae, the turban shells.
trogulid: Any harvestman of the family Trogulidae.
tyndarid: One of the twins Castor and Pollux, sons of Tyndareus
aesculin: Alternative form of esculin
casitone: A peptone made by the pancreatic digestion of casein
riveling: A rough kind of shoe or sandal made of rawhide, formerly worn in Scotland.
riveling: A Scotsman.
riveling: A wrinkle.
technote: A technical note (short technical notice).
sexytime: Alternative form of sexy time
telecopy: A fax message.
backhead: The wall of a steam locomotive's firebox, located in the cab, where the controls are mounted.
ill fame: Disrepute; notoriety.
unplight: Peril.
palm oil: An edible plant oil derived from the mesocarp (reddish pulp) of the fruit of the oil palm (Elaeis guineensis).
palm oil: Money given as a bribe.
soap pad: A small pad of steel wool impregnated with powdered detergent.
calcspar: calcite
sinapoyl: A univalent radical formally derived from sinapic acid by removal of the hydroxyl group
swinepox: A disease of pigs, caused by a virus of the family Poxviridae and the genus Suipoxvirus.
swinepox: A form of chickenpox, with acuminated vesicles containing a watery fluid; the waterpox.
recaster: One who recasts, or translates into a new form.
sebesten: A medium-sized deciduous tree of species Cordia myxa or, less often, Cordia latifolia, Cordia sebestena, or other species in the genus Cordia, the wood of which is used for furniture and musical instruments.
sebesten: The mucilaginous drupaceous fruit from these plants, eaten and used medicinally against pectoral diseases, also in a mixture called diasebesten, and for glue.
apelloid: Any capuchin monkey of the species Cebus apella or of the new genus Sapajus.
glycinin: Any of the main proteins found in soybean.
dehydrin: Any of a family of proteins expressed in plants in response to dehydration
divisome: A contractile ring of polypeptides involved in bacterial cell division
stylopod: The upper part of the arm.
stylopod: A stylopodium.
legisign: A sign that consists in a general idea, norm, or law.
petuntse: Alternative form of petunse
petuntze: Alternative form of petunse
scimiter: Dated form of scimitar.
calctufa: calcite; calcspar
choruser: Someone who choruses, or sings in a chorus.
rockpool: tidepool
sclereid: A reduced form of sclerenchyma cells with highly thickened, lignified walls.
yuppyism: Alternative form of yuppieism
muckheap: dunghill; dung heap
Fennoman: A member or supporter of a nationalist political movement in 19th-century Finland that wanted to raise Finnish to the national language of the country.
microbat: Any of the small bats in the suborder Microchiroptera.
alphette: an alpha female; a confident, self-assured woman
stapelia: Any of the genus Stapelia of low-growing succulent plants, predominantly from South Africa, and often giving off an odour of rotten flesh.
lezginka: A national dance of many peoples in the Caucasus Mountains.
sabrecat: sabre-toothed cat
sabercat: sabre-toothed cat
kidnapee: Alternative form of kidnappee
manderil: A mandrel.
Cowichan: A member of a certain Native American tribe of British Columbia.
littlein: Alternative form of littlun
ecstasis: Alternative form of ekstasis
ecstasis: Synonym of paragoge
restyler: One who restyles.
spindown: A reduction in spin speed (of a hard disk, pulsar etc)
mesology: The study of the mutual interrelationships between organisms and their environment; branch of biology; former term for ecology.
mesology: The environmental or sociological influence on a person.
safingol: A lyso-sphingolipid protein kinase C inhibitor.
selfotel: A drug with anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, analgesic and neuroprotective effects.
suprofen: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
somatrem: An analogue of human growth hormone (human somatotropin), almost molecularly identical except for a minor difference at certain amino acid residues. Produced recombinantly. Mostly superseded in current practice by somatropin, which is also molecularly similar to the endogenous hormone (i.e., slightly more so).
sulfiram: An ectoparasiticide used in the treatment and prevention of scabies.
zilantel: An anthelminthic drug.
zolamine: An antihistamine and anaesthetic drug.
uredofos: An anthelminthic drug.
rodelero: A type of trooper from Spain, who sported a rodela (a round type of shield) and often a side-sword.
shrugger: One who shrugs.
pentorex: phenpentermine
pelretin: A retinoid used in skincare creams to treat acne etc. or to reduce wrinkles.
padimate: Either of two organic compounds related to PABA and used in sunscreen: padimate A and padimate O.
pirolate: A tricyclic antihistamine drug.
profadol: An opioid analgesic.
multifil: A multifilament yarn.
skin-mag: Alternative form of skin mag
exoneree: One who is exonerated.
fanstuff: material created by fans or enthusiasts, such as fanart and fan fiction
giantdom: The realm or state of giants.
handknit: Any item knitted by hand.
autoloop: An autoregulatory loop (in a gene regulatory network).
clefting: The formation of a cleft lip or cleft palate.
clefting: The formation of a cleft sentence.
targeter: A person who selects targets (typically for a remote weapons system).
pub quiz: A trivia quiz held in a public house.
wordgame: Alternative form of word game
honeynet: An entire computer network that serves as a honeypot, or trap for potential attackers.
merycism: rumination syndrome
selfship: The state, essence, or quality of self; identity; individuality.
logicker: A logician.
kiloflop: A unit of computing power equal to 1,000 floating point operations per second
paciness: The quality of being pacey.
spurling: A tern.
spurling: A smelt.
chelifer: book-scorpion
unturkey: A vegetarian turkey substitute.
reissuer: One who reissues.
colombin: Alternative form of calumbin
Bargello: A type of needlepoint embroidery, traditionally in wool on canvas, consisting of upright flat stitches laid in a mathematical pattern to create flame or zigzag motifs.
pericyst: A protective layer of fibrous tissue surrounding hydatid parasites in the host
capuccio: Alternative form of cappuccio
tiflorex: A stimulant amphetamine.
tiazesim: A heterocyclic antidepressant.
tiapride: A drug that selectively blocks D₂, D₃, D₄, and D₅ dopamine receptors in the brain.
taniplon: An anxiolytic drug of the imidazoquinazoline family.
tilorone: An antiviral drug.
tidiacic: A hepatoprotective drug.
tolmetin: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
trapidil: A particular vasodilator.
tybamate: An anxiolytic prodrug.
tiapamil: An antianginal drug.
wristpad: Alternative form of wrist pad
phytomer: An organic element of a flowering plant; a phyton.
hymenean: A hymn, song or poem in honour of a wedding; a hymeneal.
sponsion: The act of becoming surety for another.
sponsion: An act or engagement on behalf of a state, by an agent not specially authorized for the purpose, or by one who exceeds the limits of authority.
lavafall: A cascade of lava down a slope or cliff.
wininess: The quality of being winy; drunkenness.
Punchman: The puppeteer who performs a Punch and Judy show.
simploce: Dated form of symploce.
coquilla: The nut of the Brazilian palm Attalea funifera.
jolleyer: The operator of a jolley.
jiggerer: Operator of a jigger.
sarcocol: A gum-resin obtained from the shrub Astragalus fasciculifolius, employed to support the healing of wounds and ulcers.
aborigin: Aborigine.
piassava: A fibrous product of two Brazilian palm trees (Attalea funifera and Leopoldinia piassaba), formerly used in making brooms and for other purposes.
piassava: Either of these two trees.
Caturday: Saturday, as the day of the week for posting lolcats or other pictures of cats.
tin mine: A mine from which tin is extracted.
cingulin: A dimeric protein found in tight junctions
inborrow: Security; bail.
inborrow: One who gives or offers security for another; a surety.
pimarate: A salt or ester of pimaric acid.
stepback: A piece of furniture whose upper section is further back than the lower part, forming a flat shelf or step between them.
abounder: One who has plenty, one who abounds (in something).
constaff: The staff that operates a convention, or meeting of fans.
butonate: An anthelminthic drug.
isonixin: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
fenimide: An antipsychotic drug.
arildone: An antiviral drug.
clidanac: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
podilfen: A vasodilator.
nafagrel: An antiplatelet drug.
sulmarin: A coumarin compound.
hexedine: A topical anti-infective drug.
anirolac: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
aditeren: A diuretic drug.
etifenin: A diagnostic reagent.
vincanol: An anesthetic drug.
paxamate: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
fendosal: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
epostane: An antiprogestin.
imazodan: A cardiotonic drug.
salantel: An anthelminthic drug.
cefcanel: A cephalosporin antibiotic.
diphenan: An anthelminthic drug.
symetine: An antiprotozoal drug.
famotine: An antiviral isoquinoline drug.
brofezil: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
avridine: An immunostimulant drug.
sulbenox: A steroid compound.
pivopril: A particular ACE inhibitor.
morantel: An anthelminthic drug.
pirmenol: An antiarrhythmic drug.
lifibrol: An antilipidemic drug.
entsufon: A surface-active agent used in detergents, shampoos, etc.
azamulin: An antimicrobial solution.
denzimol: An anticonvulsant drug.
naproxol: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
verazide: An antitubercular drug.
ataprost: A prostaglandin analogue.
capuride: A sedative and hypnotic drug.
nimidane: A pesticide.
Africoon: A black African.
aklomide: An antiprotozoal drug.
fenamole: A muscle relaxant.
siccanin: An antifungal drug.
exepanol: An anticholinergic drug.
aranotin: An antiviral drug.
droxacin: A quinolone antibiotic.
bufrolin: A mast cell stabilizer drug.
hystidyl: Misspelling of histidyl.
slut-bag: Alternative form of slutbag
rebiopsy: A second or subsequent biopsy
spamtard: One who sends spam; a spammer.
creepoid: A creepy person or creature.
deaf aid: A hearing aid.
deaf aid: A person wearing a hearing aid.
deaf aid: A presenter's earpiece through which they receive instructions from the studio.
floredil: A vasodilator.
letimide: An analgesic drug.
slut bag: Alternative form of slutbag
carsalam: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
picumast: An antiasthmatic drug.
satigrel: An antiplatelet drug.
iofratol: An iodinated contrast dye.
febuprol: A choleretic drug.
iopydone: An iodinated contrast dye.
abrecock: Obsolete form of apricot.
bepafant: An antiplatelet drug.
vaneprim: An antibiotic.
chai tea: Synonym of masala chai.
idrapril: An ACE inhibitor.
emakalim: An antihypertensive drug.
sheddase: Any of a group of membrane-bound enzymes that cleave extracellular portions of transmembrane proteins, releasing the soluble ectodomains from the cell surface.
andolast: A bronchodilator drug.
colterol: A beta-adrenergic agonist.
clodazon: An antidepressant drug.
ibuterol: A beta-adrenergic agonist.
tiazuril: An antiprotozoal drug.
imanixil: An antilipidemic drug.
oximonam: A beta-lactam antibiotic.
bromofos: A pesticide.
euprocin: An anesthetic drug.
isoxicam: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
clopirac: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
enolicam: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
oxepinac: A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
azastene: An oral contraceptive.
etozolin: An antihypertensive and loop diuretic.
clomoxir: An enzyme inhibitor.
napitane: An antidepressant drug.
sulukast: A bronchodilator.
pytamine: A diuretic.
heparine: Misspelling of heparin.
emitefur: A particular anticancer drug.
lotrifen: A particular heterocyclic compound.
iodetryl: A particular iodinated contrast dye.
razoxane: A particular chelating drug.
azimexon: A particular synthetic immunostimulant.
t-conorm: A binary function from [0,1] × [0,1] to [0,1], which, when given (a,b) as input, returns one minus a t-norm of (1 − a, 1 − b).
talmouse: a pastry shell with a filling of cheese
moo shoo: Alternative form of moo shu
lazy ass: A person who is lazy.
pimeloyl: A univalent radical formally derived from pimelic acid by removal of a hydroxyl group
pimeloyl: A divalent radical formally derived from pimelic acid by removal of both hydroxyl groups
ponyfish: Any of many fish of the family Leiognathidae; the slipmouths
xenurine: Any armadillo of the former genus Xenurus (now Cabassous).
dryscape: The non-living part of a landscape.
dryscape: Xeriscape.
xenosome: A endosymbiotic bacterium of some marine protozoans.
xenosome: Particles of debris sometimes incorporated into the shells of some testate amoebae.
obviator: One who obviates.
neotenia: Alternative form of neoteny
autocode: Any of several early assembly languages.
caffiene: Misspelling of caffeine.
empodium: A bristle-like or pad-like structure between the tarsal claws of Diptera
breastie: breast
succimer: A particular chelating agent, meso-2,3-dimercaptosuccinic acid
acronine: A particular antineoplastic alkaloid.
amyluria: A condition in which starch is found in the urine.
'ospital: Pronunciation spelling of hospital.
headshop: Alternative form of head shop
waterdog: A mudpuppy.
waterdog: The mature larva of an ambystomid salamander, particularly that of the tiger salamander (Ambystoma tigrinum).
waterdog: An axolotl (Ambystoma mexicanum).
waterdog: A small irregular floating cloud supposed to indicate rain.
blondism: The presence of blond hair and relatively pale skin and eyes in a member of a usually darker race.
scancode: A numeric code transmitted by a computer keyboard to indicate which keys are currently being pressed.
whiteite: A rare monoclinic hydrated phosphate mineral.
mudpuppy: An aquatic salamander of the family Proteidae.
slot car: A type of miniature toy car that is fitted into a slot in a track which it is raced around.
whitepox: A milder form of smallpox; alastrim.
epibiota: The organisms that live on the surface of another one
muleload: The amount that can be carried by a mule.
superpro: superprofessional
Arkansan: A native or resident of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
backreef: A lagoon found in a coral reef ecosystem.
neckroll: A cylindrical pillow to support the neck.
forereef: The seaward side of a coral reef ecosystem.
ringwall: A circular rampart.
rheomode: An experimental form of language based on verbs.
nullness: The quality of being null or empty.
hippydom: Alternative form of hippiedom
risorius: A narrow band of facial muscle arising from the fascia over the masseter and inserting into the tissues at the corner of the mouth, which it draws laterally, as is used when smiling.
shit ton: Alternative form of shitton
uprooter: One who, or that which, uproots.
ischuria: ischury
deathday: Date of (someone's previous) death; anniversary of a death.
alkanoyl: acyl
dioxolan: dioxolane
cepacian: An exopolysaccharide, produced by Burkholderia cepacia bacteria, that plays a role in the formation of biofilms
myoplasm: The contractile part of a muscle cell
dogwhelk: Alternative form of dog whelk
treefrog: Alternative form of tree frog
monoheme: A single heme group in a hemoprotein.
chetomin: A complex epidithiodioxopiperazine metabolite, produced by several fungi of the genus Chaetomium, that disrupts the ability of tumours to adapt to hypoxia
cyanidin: An anthocyanidin pigment, 2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl) chromenylium-3,5,7-triol, found in many red berries.
fieldgun: Alternative form of field gun
aufwuchs: The small animals and plants that encrust hard substrates, such as rocks, in aquatic environments.
long Tom: Any of various early cannon and field guns.
long Tom: A high-powered lens for long-distance filming or photography.
plowgate: Alternative form of ploughgate
califate: Alternative form of caliphate
yarnover: A technique in which the yarn is passed over the right-hand needle. In general, the new loop is knitted on the next row, either by itself (producing a hole) or together with an adjacent stitch.
Sintuist: Dated form of Shintoist.
Sintoist: Dated form of Shintoist.
milk jug: A jug for holding milk.
milk jug: A woman's breast.
sea crow: The chough.
sea crow: The Western jackdaw.
sea crow: The cormorant.
sea crow: The blackheaded pewit, and other gulls.
sea crow: The skua.
sea crow: The razorbill.
sea crow: The coot.
cosening: Obsolete form of cozening.
Creolean: A member of the Creole people.
Creolian: Alternative form of Creolean
princock: An insolent or cheeky young man.
deskbook: A reference book that may be kept on a desk.
xeransis: A drying of the tissues.
xerogram: Xeroradiograph.
chiphead: A microchip expert.
chiphead: A person strongly interested in or knowledgeable about computer hardware.
spirling: sparling
bedeguar: A gall produced on rosebushes, especially on the sweetbrier or eglantine, by a puncture from the ovipositor of a gallfly (Diplolepis rosae), and once supposed to have medicinal properties.
wood tin: cassiterite
aquarian: A person who keeps an aquarium.
driftpin: A smooth drift.
muishond: A species of weasel found in southern Africa, Poecilogale albinucha.
revaluer: One who revalues.
Colchian: A native or inhabitant of Colchis.
monoderm: Any monoderm bacterium.
tenocyte: An elongated fibroblast cell found in tendons
gesturer: One who gestures.
fade-out: Alternative form of fadeout
ringhals: Alternative form of rinkhals
rinkhals: A venomous elapid, Hemachatus haemachatus, found in parts of southern Africa.
vinewood: wood from a vine
oegopsid: Any member of the squid order Oegopsida or suborder Oegopsina.
four-top: A table seating four diners.
padloper: Any of the genus Homopus of tiny tortoises, indigenous and endemic to southern Africa.
columbin: A white, crystalline, bitter substance.
bergwind: A hot dry wind blowing from the mountainous interior to the coast.
spermism: The belief, held by spermists, that the male sperm holds the whole germ of the future animal.
xanthiol: A saturated thioxanthene preparation.
microrod: A microscopic rod
goatmeat: The meat of a goat, used as food; chevon.
vortexon: A toroidal vortex in a fluid
analogon: An analogue.
analogon: According to Sartre, an equivalent of perception (such as a painting or a mental image) that is necessary for the process of imagination to take place.
supersex: The result of an abnormal combination of sex chromosomes.
packyear: A measure of the cigarettes a person has smoked, equal to a pack (of twenty cigarettes) each day for a year.
phylaxis: Protection against infectious disease.
vis viva: The product of an object's mass and the square of its speed.
spanspek: A cantaloupe.
seneskal: Alternative spelling of seneschal
rooineck: Alternative form of rooinek
babelaas: Alternative spelling of babalaas
antiform: A topographic feature which is composed of sedimentary layers in a convex formation, but may not actually form a real anticline (i.e., the oldest rocks may not be exposed in the middle).
antiform: A form that defies the usual conventions of artistic forms.
langerin: An antigen produced by Langerhans cells
crunchie: A somewhat granola- or cookie-like chocolate-covered sweet, served in bar form.
crunchie: An infantry soldier, a grunt.
crunchie: A white Afrikaner.
Ren fair: Clipping of Renaissance fair.
espetada: A Portuguese dish made usually from large chunks of beef rubbed in garlic and salt, skewered onto a bay leaf stick with vegetables and left to grill over smouldering wood chips.
chouriço: A Portuguese spiced sausage.
semijoin: A type of join in relational algebra, denoted by ⋉ or ⋊.
thinhorn: thinhorn sheep
docketer: One who dockets.
measling: Synonym of measle: the disease caused by M. morbillivirus, a red spot caused by the disease.
measling: A form of delamination or separation in a laminate material that results in a spotty appearance.
milliped: Dated form of millipede.
seerwood: dry wood
toonwood: wood of the toon tree, Toona ciliata
Corfiote: Alternative spelling of Corfiot
milleped: Obsolete form of millipede.
seerfish: Any of Scomberomorini, a tribe of ray-finned bony fishes in the mackerel family.
Daphnian: A member of the genus Daphnia.
culicine: Any mosquito of the subfamily Culicinae
banjolin: A musical instrument, most often with four strings, resembling a small banjo but tuned like a mandolin.
banjolin: Synonym of mandolin-banjo
banjolin: Synonym of banjo-mandolin
hefemale: A female-to-male transsexual or transgender person.
janegirl: A boy who behaves in a typically girlish manner.
theonomy: The state of being governed by God or in accordance with divine law.
browline: The line of the brow.
scleroma: induration of the tissues
scleroma: rhinoscleroma
peperine: Alternative form of peperino
brontide: A sound like that of distant thunder, some of which may have seismic origins.
roadsign: Alternative spelling of road sign
desorber: Something that promotes desorption, especially one that separates oil and water
chemerin: A chemoattractant protein that promotes calcium mobilization and chemotaxis of immature dendritic cells and macrophages
myozenin: Any of a family of actinin- and filamin-binding proteins expressed predominantly in skeletal muscle
regifter: One who regifts.
panopsin: An opsin that is expressed in the brain and testis
mesoglea: A gelatinous material found between the epithelial cellular layers of jellyfish and coelenterates
prelamin: Any of a group of precursors of lamins
parazoan: Any sponge (of the subkingdom Parazoa)
pinopsin: A type of opsin found in the pineal gland (mostly of chickens)
acropsin: Any of a group of opsins found in corals of the genus Acropora.
sulcatol: The unsaturated aliphatic alcohol 6-methylhept-5-en-2-ol
sleep-in: An instance of sleeping in, sleeping late, sleeping until one feels fully refreshed rather than rising at a prespecified time.
peropsin: An opsin, found in the eye, that modulates vitamin A
wolfcoat: A berserker.
Druidism: The religion and philosophical beliefs promoting harmony with nature, and drawing on the practices of the druids.
pilotism: pilotry
neuropin: A device used to quantify pain, especially in relation to diabetes.
hysteron: A two-valued operator that is used to model hysteresis.
zeoscope: An instrument that was used to determine the alcoholic content of liquid by measuring its boiling point.
dude bro: Alternative spelling of dude-bro
zetacrit: A form of hematocrit produced by centrifugation in capillaries
unispore: An algal spore that develops within a unilocular sporangium.
dude-bro: A hypermasculine male.
nosering: Alternative form of nose ring
holozoan: Any organism of the clade Holozoa
sclerema: induration of the cellular tissue
orbitude: orbation
fusidate: A salt or ester of fusidic acid.
falanouc: A rare mongoose-like euplerid mammal of Malagasy (Eupleres goudotii).
ustilago: Any of the genus Ustilago of smut fungi parasitic on grasses.
scaleout: The process of scaling out.
windpuff: A windgall.
westness: The quality of being west or western.
wrinkler: One who, or that which, wrinkles.
clubzine: An amateur magazine published by and for members of a club.
cup-rose: The red poppy.
chromism: chromatism
leg drop: An attack in professional wrestling in which the wrestler jumps and lands his or her leg across a fallen opponent.
retooler: One who retools.
mortress: Alternative form of mortrew
chafewax: Alternative form of chaffwax
chaffwax: A chancery officer who fitted wax for sealing writs and other documents.
minijack: A small jack (electrical connector), especially a 3.5 mm audio jack.
aretaics: The ethical theory which excludes all relations between virtue and happiness; the science of virtue; contrasted with eudaemonics.
COLAtard: A participant in comp.os.linux.advocacy, a Usenet newsgroup promoting the Linux operating system.
ribotide: ribonucleotide
Quranite: An adherent of the Ahle Quran branch of Islam.
Quranist: An adherent of the Ahle Quran branch of Islam.
Quranism: A denomination in Islam that generally rejects the authoritative role of hadiths, and considers the Qur'an to be the only dependable religious text.
telosome: A nuclear telomere cap complex that is formed by the association of telomeric proteins.
creotard: Alternative spelling of creatard
orodynia: glossodynia
glutaeus: Alternative form of gluteus
flag gun: A gun in an artillery train bearing a flag.
flag gun: A humorous prop gun which unfurls a small flag when its trigger is pulled.
sheeppox: A highly contagious disease of sheep caused by a poxvirus.
isolanid: lanatoside C, a cardiac glycoside
barostat: A device used to maintain a constant (atmospheric) pressure
gryphaea: Any of the genus †Gryphaea of extinct gryphaeid oysters, devil's toenails.
guanylin: A 15 amino acid polypeptide, secreted by goblet cells in the colon, that acts as an agonist of the guanylyl cyclase receptor GC-C and regulates electrolyte and water transport in intestinal and renal epithelia.
gymnotus: Any of the genus Gymnotus of electric knifefishes.
slug bug: punch buggy
Castrist: A supporter of Fidel Castro (born 1926), Cuban communist revolutionary and politician who was Prime Minister of Cuba from 1959 to 1976, and President from 1976 to 2008.
filesize: Alternative form of file size
ionogram: A display of the data produced by an ionosonde; a graph of the virtual height of the ionosphere plotted against frequency.
inovirus: Any of the genus Inovirus of filamentous bacteriophages.
irigenin: An O-methylated isoflavone that can be isolated from the rhizomes of the leopard lily (Iris domestica). Its 7-glucoside is iridin.
idiotope: The unique set of antigenic determinants (epitopes) of the variable portion of an antibody.
iodopsin: A photoreceptor protein found in the cone cells of the retina, the basis of colour vision.
dikaryon: A hypha that has two nuclei.
axiality: The state of being axial
axiality: The degree which something is axial
chanking: Food that is spat out, or otherwise rejected.
newsflow: The production of press releases together with the set of news stories generated by them
paracord: A lightweight, nylon rope, originally used for the suspension lines of parachutes.
iodolium: A five-membered unsaturated heterocyclic cation containing four carbon atoms, one iodine atom (carrying a positive charge) and two double bonds
spidroin: The main type of protein in spiders' dragline silk.
stempost: A vertical post, at the front of the keel, that forms the main part of the bow
songtaew: Alternative spelling of songthaew
velotaxi: pedicab, cycle rickshaw (cycle rickshaw used as taxi)
bike cab: A cycle rickshaw used as a taxi.
jahrzeit: Alternative spelling of yahrzeit
yartseit: Alternative spelling of yahrzeit
yartzeit: Alternative spelling of yahrzeit
yortseit: Alternative spelling of yahrzeit
yortsayt: Alternative spelling of yahrzeit
sinkijon: A Korean military rocket from the 15th century.
tribikos: An early distillation apparatus having three "beaks" to collect the distillate.
tormogen: A specialized epidermal cell in insects, associated with the formation of the socket around the base of a bristle.
asplenic: A person who has asplenia.
copeptin: The C-terminal part of the arginine vasopressin precursor peptide that is a prognostic marker in patients with some acute diseases
Gomarite: A Gomarist.
caracora: Alternative form of caracore
caracore: A light vessel or proa used by the people of Borneo, etc., and by the Dutch in the East Indies.
Gomarist: A follower of Franciscus Gomarus, a 17th-century Dutch Calvinist who strongly opposed the Arminians; an adherent of orthodox Reformed soteriology in the Arminian controversy.
pederero: A short piece of chambered ordnance, used to fire stones in naval and siege warfare.
ing-bing: A fit or tantrum.
arrhinia: Congenital absence of the nose
pelopsia: A vision perception disorder in which objects appear closer than they actually are.
talcosis: A pulmonary disorder caused by talc.
Southron: Alternative letter-case form of southron
telalgia: referred pain
teniasis: Alternative form of taeniasis
thicknet: 10BASE5, a form of Ethernet using a stiff cable
triatoma: Any member of the genus Triatoma of assassin bugs.
ectoloph: A ridge or crest on an upper molar tooth of a horse or rhinoceros.
cingulid: A ridge that girdles the base of a lower molar tooth
typodont: A model of the mouth, including teeth, gingiva, and the palate, used as an educational tool.
tunafish: Alternative form of tuna fish
junkroom: A room for storing junk.
typhinia: Synonym of relapsing fever
tubenose: Any of the Procellariiformes, an order of seabirds including albatrosses, petrels, and shearwaters.
tubenose: A small, thin fish of Japanese and Korean coastal waters, Aulichthys japonicus
supersaw: A synthesized sound created by mixing several sawtooth waves, slightly detuned to one another.
Salafist: An adherent of Salafism.
sannyasa: The fourth (wandering ascetic) ashrama in Hindu spiritual life.
octofoil: A stylized flower or leaf with eight lobes; a double quatrefoil.
floodmap: Alternative form of flood map
soap box: Alternative spelling of soapbox
Shoshoni: Alternative form of Shoshone
avialian: Any extinct dinosaur of the clade Avialae, together with any living descendant of class Aves (the birds).
monotypy: The condition of a taxon having only a single subordinate taxon.
monotypy: The condition of a habitat being dominated by a single species.
chutspah: Alternative spelling of chutzpah
monoxyle: a canoe or boat made from a single piece of timber
monoxyle: a canoe or boat made from a single piece of timber
monoxyle: A dugout canoe
khutspah: Alternative spelling of chutzpah
khutzpah: Alternative spelling of chutzpah
tylosaur: Alternative form of tylosaurine
splenial: splenial bone
paracosm: A detailed imaginary world, especially one created by a child.
dickerer: One who dickers; a bargainer or haggler.
lichyard: A graveyard.
yamamomo: yangmei
medronho: A Portuguese brandy made from the berries of the strawberry tree.
tow-head: Alternative form of towhead
handshoe: A glove or mitten.
Bradbury: A British banknote issued during WW I in denominations of £1 or 10 shillings.
tall one: A drink, especially beer, served in a tall glass.
fair cop: A justifiable or reasonable capture or apprehension; also, broadly, a just or inescapable accusation.
stemhead: The top and foremost end of a stem on a marine vessel.
rat-tail: A towel that has been tightly twisted along the diagonal to make a rudimentary whip with a towel corner at the tip, typically used in juvenile pranks.
rat-tail: An excrescence growing from the pastern to the middle of the shank of a horse.
rat-tail: A fish, a California chimera (Hydrolagus colliei, syn. Chimaera colliei).
rat-tail: Any fish of the genus Macrourus; a grenadier.
rat-tail: Alternative form of rattail (“type of hairstyle”)
rebidder: One who rebids.
hoofmark: The imprint made by a hoof; a hoofprint.
algæcide: Archaic form of algicide.
temescal: A sweat lodge or temazcal
cascarón: Alternative form of cascaron
barfmail: electronic mail automatically sent in reply to a sender whose original message cannot be delivered
zygonema: The zygotene stage of meiosis.
goathair: The hair of a goat, especially as used in making textiles.
p'simmon: Pronunciation spelling of persimmon.
Thomaean: Alternative spelling of Thomæan
nosewing: The arch of cartilage on either side of the nose.
unwinder: A device that unwinds.
unwinder: An alcoholic drink taken as a relaxant.
maccoboy: Alternative form of maccaboy
cockshut: A kind of net for catching woodcock.
cockshut: Twilight, when poultry would be shut in for the night.
ecoscape: The organisational shape or layout of an ecosystem.
padstone: A simple type of building foundation consisting of a stone which both spreads the weight of a wooden building out on the ground and keeps the wood off of the ground. A staddle stone is a type of padstone.
padstone: A pad to spread the weight of a point load in a wall.
Pacheneg: Alternative form of Pecheneg
bangster: A violent, overbearing man; a ruffian, bully or braggart.
bangster: A victor.
womanist: One whose beliefs accord with womanism.
Immelman: Misspelling of Immelmann.
foredune: A kind of dune ridge that runs parallel to the shore of a body of water.
obrution: A rapid burial or smothering event.
tagmosis: The evolutionary process that creates tagmata by fusing and modifying segments.
ahamkara: Attachment to one's ego.
wheelful: The amount a wheel can hold.
haematid: A red blood cell.
hyphaema: Alternative form of hyphema
herculin: myogenic factor 6, a myogenic regulatory factor
homidium: Ethidium bromide when used in veterinary medicine to treat trypanosomosis in cattle.
humulene: A naturally-occurring monocyclic sesquiterpene found in the essential oils of Humulus lupulus (hops).
humulone: A bitter-tasting chemical compound found in the resin of mature hops (Humulus lupulus).
metatext: Text that describes or discusses text.
leechdom: A medicine; remedy.
lilypond: A pond in which water lilies grow.
triforce: A shape composed of three equilateral triangles arranged in such a manner that a fourth triangle of identical size, but pointing the opposite direction, could fit between them.
Snapefic: A fanfic in which Severus Snape, of the Harry Potter series, is the protagonist.
Snapefic: Such fan fiction collectively.
prevelar: A sound of this kind.
inferral: Act of inferring.
Chuukese: A member of an ethnic group in Oceania who speak the Chuukese language and constitute 48% of the population of the Federated States of Micronesia.
two-form: bilinear form
codocyte: A red blood cell with the appearance of a shooting target with a bullseye.
ticketer: a person responsible for ticket issue.
ticketer: A burnisher.
fakeness: The condition of being fake.
roadtest: A trial or practice run of a piece of equipment in its intended usage environment to check for errors before final deployment.
roadtest: A test which assesses the performance of an engine or vehicle on the road.
roadtest: A driving test.
boroxine: A six-membered inorganic heterocycle containing three boron and three oxygen atoms
hatefuck: Alternative form of hate fuck
mentagra: sycosis
catopter: A reflecting optical glass or instrument; a mirror.
dodipoll: A stupid person; a fool; a blockhead.
trancing: trance
pale ale: A beer that uses a warm fermentation and predominantly pale malt, resulting in a lighter colour.
shorling: The skin of a sheep after the fleece is shorn off, as distinct from the morling, or skin taken from the dead sheep.
shorling: A sheep of the first year's shearing.
shorling: A person who is shorn; a shaveling.
shorling: A priest.
insulant: Any material used to provide insulation
afoo yam: A kind of yam prized in Jamaica.
ledgment: A stringcourse or horizontal suit of mouldings, such as the base mouldings of a building.
ledgment: The development of the surface of a body on a plane, so that the dimensions of the different sides may be easily ascertained.
logsheet: A sheet on which the entries of a log are written.
polypode: Alternative form of polypod
teamplay: A competitive gameplay mode in which players are grouped into teams.
analepsy: analepsis
axewoman: A woman who uses an axe.
corallum: The coral or skeleton of a zoophyte, whether calcareous or horny, simple or compound.
cosinage: Collateral relationship or kindred by blood; consanguinity.
cosinage: A writ to recover possession of an estate in lands, when a stranger has entered, after the death of the grandfather's grandfather, or other distant collateral relation.
Sabaeism: Sabianism
isabella: A pale grey-yellow, fawn, cream-brown or parchment colour.
tharybid: Any copepod in the family Tharybidae.
anastate: One of a series of substances formed, in secreting cells, by constructive or anabolic processes, in the production of protoplasm.
equivoke: Alternative form of equivoque
carageen: Alternative form of carrageen
testitis: Inflammation of a testis, or of both.
testitis: Severe nervousness due to a test (examination).
shiplord: A shipmaster; skipper; captain.
SRS BSNS: Alternative letter-case form of srs bsns
test run: An initial trial of a device or system to test its basic function.
srs bsns: Something that is serious, important, formidable, etc., or is treated as such.
Naassene: A member of an ancient Christian Gnostic sect who claimed to have been taught their doctrines by Mariamne, a disciple of James the Just
Deer gun: a basic pistol intended for distribution to South Vietnamese guerrillas as a weapon against North Vietnamese soldiers.
baghouse: A fabric filter; an air pollution control device that removes particulates out of air or gas released from commercial processes or combustion for electricity generation.
bevonium: A particular antimuscarinic.
monomath: A person with an extensive knowledge of a single subject or field, but little knowledge of others.
besylate: A salt or ester of benzenesulfonic acid.
camphane: bornane
bothrium: A tentacle; a nerve ending that has a similar morphology
boxology: A representation of an organized structure as a graph of labelled nodes ("boxes") and connections between them (as lines or arrows).
bioptome: A pincer-shaped cutting and grasping instrument used in medicine for taking biopsy specimens.
beeturia: The passing of red or pink urine after eating beetroot, caused by the excretion of betalain (betacyanin) pigments such as betanin.
bitewing: A radiograph taken to visualize the crowns of the posterior teeth and the height of the alveolar bone in relation to the cementoenamel junctions, commonly used to examine for interdental caries and recurrent caries under existing restorations.
betacism: A sound change in which [b] (the voiced bilabial plosive) shifts to [v] (the voiced labiodental fricative).
betacism: A speech disorder involving excessive use of the [b] sound, or conversion of other sounds into it.
bonassus: A bonnacon.
bonassus: The aurochs, or European bison.
bullnose: rounded ceramic trim, especially in masonry and ceramic tile
bullnose: A bacterial disease of suckling or weanling pigs, characterized by sores in the mouth or upon the lips.
butethal: butobarbital
puffbird: Any of various tropical passerine birds in the family Bucconidae, related to the jacamars.
butamben: A local anesthetic, the ester of 4-aminobenzoic acid and butanol.
browlift: A cosmetic surgery procedure used to elevate a drooping eyebrow that may obstruct vision and/or to remove the worry lines from the forehead.
row back: Alternative form of row-back
bovicide: The killing of a cow.
bovicide: One who kills cows.
meiocyte: A kind of cell that differentiates into a gamete through the process of meiosis.
Wichitan: A native or inhabitant of Wichita.
mesentry: Misspelling of mesentery.
mesosoma: The middle part of the body, or tagma, of arthropods whose body is composed of three parts (the other two being the prosoma and the metasoma), bearing the legs and (in winged insects) the wings.
mesophil: Alternative form of mesophile
mesosome: A folded invagination in the plasma membrane of bacteria, produced by the chemical fixation techniques used to prepare samples for electron microscopy, but previously thought to be part of the normal structure of the cell.
expender: One who, or that which, expends.
mexamine: 5-methoxytryptamine, a tryptamine derivative closely related to the neurotransmitters serotonin and melatonin.
acacetin: A glycoside forming in the leaves of the common locust tree; C₁₆H₁₂O₅.
mabinlin: A sweet-tasting protein extracted from the seed of mabinlang, a Chinese plant.
brazzein: A sweet-tasting protein extracted from the West African fruit of Pentadiplandra brazzeana.
myomesin: A protein found in the M-band of muscle sarcomeres in association with M-protein.
pentadin: A sweet-tasting protein found in the climbing shrub Pentadiplandra brazzeana.
monellin: A sweet protein found in Dioscoreophyllum cumminsii
microtia: A congenital deformity where the pinna (external ear) is underdeveloped.
roorback: Alternative form of roorbach
roorbach: A defamatory forgery or falsehood published for purposes of political intrigue.
hetarism: Alternative form of hetaerism
siriasis: sunstroke
smaltine: smaltite
glonoine: Alternative form of glonoin
pedobear: A pedophile.
slughorn: A wind instrument.
slughorn: Obsolete spelling of slogan (“a battle cry among the ancient Irish or highlanders of Scotland”)
euagaric: A member of the fungal order Agaricales; a gilled mushroom.
algaroth: Alternative form of algarot
akinesis: Absence of a kinetic hinge in the skull.
akinesis: akinesia; loss of muscle control
alarmone: An intracellular signal molecule produced due to harsh environmental factors, and serving to regulate the gene expression at transcription level.
alkannin: A natural dye and naphthoquinone derivative obtained from the borage plant Alkanna tinctoria, used as a food colouring and in cosmetics.
allulose: psicose
ammelide: 6-amino-2,4-dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine, the hydrolysis product of ammeline.
amoeboma: Alternative form of ameboma
ampyrone: A metabolite of aminopyrine with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties.
aluminon: The triammonium salt of aurintricarboxylic acid, commonly used as a dye to detect the presence of the aluminium ion in an aqueous solution.
ammeline: 4,6-diamino-2-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazine, the hydrolysis product of melamine.
allosome: A sex chromosome that differs from an ordinary autosome in form, size, or behaviour.
aneurine: thiamine
anorchia: An intersex condition of XY individuals where both testes are absent at birth.
anoscopy: An examination using a small, rigid, tubular instrument called an anoscope which is inserted into the anal canal
anemonol: protoanemonin
lavatera: Any of the genus Lavatera of malvaceous flowering plants.
anoscope: The instrument used in anoscopy.
aprosody: The lack of variations in speech, such as speed, tone, and emphasis.
fecolith: A calcified fecal deposit.
apneusis: An abnormal pattern of breathing characterized by deep, gasping inspiration with a pause at full inspiration followed by a brief, insufficient release.
astigmia: astigmatism
autocoid: Alternative form of autacoid
axostyle: A sheet of microtubules found in certain microbial eukaryotes, arising from the bases of the flagella.
asynergy: defective or absent coordination between organs, muscles, limbs or joints, resulting in a loss in movement or speed
autosite: The independent twin of a pair of conjoined twins whereas the other twin is parasitic.
auxostat: A continuous-culture device using feedback from a measurement taken on the growth chamber to control the media flow rate, maintaining the measurement at a constant.
acanthad: A plant that is a member of the family Acanthaceae.
auletris: A courtesan or prostitute in Ancient Greece who played the flute to provide entertainment.
feasance: the performing of an act, especially out of one's duty.
pantopod: Any of the Pantopoda, an order of sea spiders.
pantoate: A salt or ester of pantoic acid.
pamabrom: A diuretic product whose active ingredient is 8-bromotheophylline.
paroquet: Dated form of parakeet.
paraquet: Dated form of parakeet.
paraoxon: An organophosphorus insecticide, [Diethyl (4-nitrophenyl) phosphate].
pathergy: An abnormal condition in which a minor trauma, such as a bruise, leads to the development of skin lesions or ulcers that may be resistant to healing.
pauropod: Any myriapod in the class Pauropoda.
perinate: A member of a viviparous species from approximately one month before, to one month after, birth.
perikyma: Any of the pits around the long prisms of tooth enamel, indicating the places where enamel-producing cells used to make contact with neighbouring cells.
peritomy: The surgical removal of a strip of the conjunctiva of an eye.
phlycten: A phlyctenule.
phialide: A flask-shaped projection from the vesicle of certain fungi.
poachard: Alternative form of pochard
polocyte: polar body
poliosis: The decrease or absence of melanin in head hair, eyebrows, or eyelashes.
prunasin: A cyanogenic glucoside related to amygdalin, found in Prunus species.
psilosis: The sound change by which Greek lost the consonant sound /h/ during antiquity, h-dropping.
psilosis: Sprue, a disease of the small intestine.
chestpad: protective padding for the chest
buy-back: Alternative form of buyback
peroneus: Any of several muscles of the lateral side of the leg, which arise from the fibula and act to move the foot.
fuel rod: A long zirconium tube, filled with pellets of uranium oxide, stacked in bundles inside a nuclear reactor as fuel.
stafette: Alternative form of estafette
furikake: A dry Japanese condiment for rice; a mixture of dried fish, sesame seeds, chopped seaweed, sugar, salt, and monosodium glutamate.
duckness: The quality of being a duck.
datamart: Alternative form of data mart
duckhood: The state or quality of being a duck.
big data: Data on a very large scale, such that it can only be gathered or processed with computers, especially with reference to its potential to allow for new breakthroughs or understanding in a particular field of study.
debitive: This mood, or a verb in this mood.
MacIntel: A Macintosh computer with an Intel CPU.
end item: (In an airline reservation system) a symbol, usually represented by the hash or plus key, used to join several lines of instruction together without the need to enter each separately.
U-boater: A submariner on a U-boat
booze-up: A session of heavy drinking.
rat shot: Alternative form of ratshot
Brailler: Alternative form of brailler
breadnut: A tree, Brosimum alicastrum, native to Latin America
breadnut: The edible fruit of this tree
breadnut: Artocarpus camansi, a close relative of the breadfruit
spicknel: Rare spelling of spignel.
phytanyl: Any radical derived from phytane
archaeol: Di-O-phytanylglycerol, a double ether of sn-1-glycerol where positions 2 and 3 are bound to phytanyl residues.
lamproom: Alternative form of lamp room
fishkill: An environmental event in which fish are killed.
drogoman: Alternative form of dragoman
sassabye: Alternative form of sassaby (= tsessebe)
smoochie: A smooch; a kiss.
charneco: A sort of sweet wine.
persipan: A substance similar to marzipan, but produced from peach or apricot pits instead of almonds.
ash cake: A bread (cake), usually specifically of cornmeal (thus, a cornbread), baked in hot ashes.
gergelim: sesame oil
b'steeya: Alternative form of pastilla
buckhorn: A horn of a buck.
buckhorn: The royal fern, Osmunda regalis.
mussamun: Alternative form of massaman
gamesman: One who engages in gamesmanship.
plastide: Archaic form of plastid.
adactyly: Congenital absence of the digits (the fingers or toes).
sea pike: The garfish or needlefish, Belone belone.
sea pike: The silver gar or Atlantic needlefish, Strongylura marina
sea pike: A large food fish (Centropomus undecimalis) found on both coasts of America; the robalo.
sea pike: The European hake
sea pike: Any of several species of barracuda.
cramoisy: Alternative form of cramoisie
taborine: A small, shallow drum; a tabor.
grimdark: The literary genre of speculative fiction that is dystopian, amoral, or violent.
frat lit: Literature perceived to appeal to, or be marketed at, young men or bros, typically concerning violence, adventure, war, and military themes.
almandin: Alternative form of almandine
Pelusian: A native or inhabitant of Pelusium.
discette: Dated form of diskette.
cis male: A cisgender male.
Vistulan: A member of a medieval West Slavic tribe of Poland's Lesser Poland region.
baa-lamb: A lamb or sheep.
baa-lamb: Someone who is submissive, especially a husband or boyfriend.
bar-lamb: A barrister
bar-lamb: A customer at a bar (place that sells alcoholic drinks)
syndemic: An aggregation of two or more diseases that interact synergistically within a population.
kilounit: A unit equal to one thousand of another unit.
megaunit: A unit equal to one million of another unit.
ferulate: A salt or ester of ferulic acid
goldware: Anything made from gold; gold plates, cutlery, etc.
bernicle: A barnacle goose.
bernicle: A form of torture in which the legs were crushed between pieces of wood.
newtling: A young or miniature newt; eft.
calfling: A small, young, or miniature calf.
hawkling: A small, young, or immature hawk.
toadling: A young, immature, or miniature toad.
crabling: A small, young, or baby crab.
poetling: A young, immature, inexperienced, petty, or insignificant poet.
lambling: A young or little lamb.
liefling: One held as lief or dear; a darling.
ladyling: A young, petite, or unimportant lady.
treeling: A young, small, or miniature tree.
dumbling: One who is unintelligent, dumb, or stupid; a dummy; idiot.
oddlings: The particulars, as leading to a certain outcome.
headfish: The sunfish (of family Molidae).
cymbling: Alternative form of cymling
Lucanian: A native or inhabitant of Lucania.
Talossan: A member of the micronation Talossa.
roseling: A young or miniature rose.
roseling: An herb of the spiderwort family, genus Callisia.
rudeling: One who is rude.
schiller: A bronze-like lustre observed in certain minerals, such as hypersthene, due to the presence of minute parallel inclusions.
fawnling: A small, young, or baby fawn.
mardness: Alternative form of marredness
actinula: A kind of embryo of certain hydroids (Tubularia), having a stellate form.
synochus: A continuous fever.
puzzolan: Alternative form of pozzolana
nodosaur: A dinosaur of the family Nodosauridae, especially a nodosaurus.
loadsman: A pilot.
Priapean: A kind of hexameter verse so constructed as to be divisible into two portions of three metrical feet each, generally having a trochee in the first and fourth feet and an amphimacer in the third; applied also to a regular hexameter verse when so constructed as to be divisible into two portions of three feet each.
apterium: An area of bare (featherless) skin on a bird.
ballahoo: A fast-sailing schooner, used in the Bermudas and West Indies.
ballahou: Alternative form of ballahoo
potamian: A softshell turtle (family Trionychidae)
pimpinel: The burnet saxifrage.
bedpiece: A bedplate.
bebirine: Archaic spelling of bebeerine.
bedplate: The foundation framing or piece, by which the other parts are supported and held in place; the bed.
grubling: A small, young, or miniature grub.
welshnut: A walnut (nut or tree).
cromorna: An organ's reed stop of a quality of tone resembling that of the oboe.
workling: One who is employed or who works; worker.
caudicle: A slender, elastic process to which the masses of pollen in orchidaceous plants are attached.
twitling: A little twit.
ill-luck: Alternative form of ill luck
ill luck: Bad luck; misluck; misfortune.
waspling: A small, young, or baby wasp.
Memelian: A native or inhabitant of Memel (a city in eastern Europe).
piccadil: Alternative form of piccadill
calamary: A squid.
alcohate: alcoholate
muqarnas: A type of corbel used for decoration in Islamic and Persian architecture.
sassolin: Alternative form of sassoline
dickling: A penis before circumcision.
dickling: A small or diminutive penis.
sendling: One who is sent; an emissary; missionary; messenger.
songtext: The written words to a song; lyrics.
dry wall: Alternative form of drywall
tidefall: A waterfall that empties directly into the sea; a coastal waterfall
tidefall: The transition of tides to or from high tide and low tide
bedright: Alternative form of bedrite
merithal: merithallus
conepate: The skunk.
fishmoth: An insect, the silverfish.
sparling: A European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus).
sparling: A young salmon.
sparling: A tern (Sterninae spp.).
campania: Open country.
conepatl: A kind of skunk.
poivrade: A type of sauce (generally a vinaigrette) with pepper as a main ingredient.
magnolid: Misspelling of magnoliid.
pirozhok: singular of pirozhki - Russian пирожки́ (pirožkí)
Tikopian: A native or inhabitant of Tikopia.
bigaroon: The Royal Ann cherry.
colledge: Obsolete form of college.
millreis: Alternative form of milreis
battalia: Order of battle; disposition or arrangement of troops or of a naval force, ready for action.
battalia: An army in battle array; also, the main battalia or body of the army, as distinct from the vanguard and rear.
gypsying: Alternative form of gipsying
gipsying: An excursion into the countryside.
shwanpan: Dated form of suanpan.
starlore: The study, knowledge, or science of stars; astrology; astronomy.
caschrom: The crooked spade; an implement of tillage peculiar to the Highlands, used for turning the ground where a plough cannot work because of stones.
appleade: A sweetened apple drink.
holorime: Alternative spelling of holorhyme
freelook: mouselook
mangoade: A sweetened mango drink.
Lewinsky: An instance of fellatio.
Ravennan: One of the Ravennese: a native or inhabitant of Ravenna in Italy.
shillely: Alternative form of shillelagh
shillaly: Alternative form of shillelagh
Bogomile: Alternative form of Bogomil
topshell: A shell shaped like a toy top, found principally in the family Trochidae of marine gastropod mollusks or top snails.
topshell: A snail with such a shell
saw-wort: Any plant of the composite genus Serratula.
siserara: Alternative form of siserary
bosporus: A strait or narrow sea between two seas, or a lake and a sea.
patchset: A set of software patches.
copacker: One who, or an organisation which, carries out copacking.
biesting: Alternative form of beestings (first milk drawn from an animal after it has given birth)
monerula: A germ in that stage of development in which its form is simply a non-nucleated mass of protoplasm.
beadsman: A petitioner; someone who seeks some type of favour from another, usually from a superior.
beadsman: A man employed in praying; especially one who prays for another.
beadsman: A poor man, supported in a beadhouse, and required to pray for the soul of its founder; an almsman.
beadsman: A public almsman; one who received alms from the king, and was expected in return to pray for the royal welfare and that of the state; a licensed beggar.
pantoble: Alternative form of pantofle
pantable: Alternative form of pantofle
Encaenia: The eight days of celebration for the dedication of the church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem.
Encaenia: An academic ceremony in which degrees or awards are given out.
misguilt: Offense; misdeed; crime; fault.
behenate: Any salt or ester of behenic acid.
lab work: work done in a laboratory
hypocarp: hypocarpium
epimeron: In crustaceans, the part of the side of a somite external to the basal joint of each appendage.
epimeron: In insects, the lateral piece behind the episternum.
Guianese: A native or inhabitant of Guiana.
speartip: The tip, end, or point of a spear.
numismat: Synonym of numismatist
freeship: Freedom; liberty.
freeship: Liberality; generosity.
freeship: A studentship offered at no cost to the student.
floorbox: Alternative form of floor box
knifejaw: Any of the family Oplegnathidae of perciform marine fish.
beakfish: Any of certain fishes of the family Oplegnathidae.
Moluccan: Dated form of Malukan.
snedging: Sniffing the saddles of women's bicycles, or seats on which they have been sitting, for sexual gratification.
schönite: A double sulfate of potassium and magnesium K₂Mg(SO₄)₂.6H₂O
scuzzbag: scumbag; scuzzball
linkspan: A kind of drawbridge used mainly to move vehicles on and off a ro-ro vessel or ferry.
messroom: A room for eating together; a mess; a canteen.
A.A. Ag.: Abbreviation of Associate of Arts in Agriculture.
bangstry: violence
camisade: Alternative form of camisado
perclose: Alternative form of parclose (“partition, or enclosed place”)
perclose: Alternative form of parclose (“type of heraldic emblem”)
perclose: Conclusion; end.
tetrodon: Any of numerous species of plectognath fishes belonging to Tetraodon and allied genera.
mishigas: Alternative spelling of mishegoss
cofusion: Alternative form of co-fusion
Grantism: corruption and cronyism in government
D. O. F.: Alternative form of DOF
F. O. B.: Alternative form of FOB
D. o. F.: Alternative form of DOF (In the sense Degree(s) of Freedom)
d. o. f.: Alternative form of DOF (In the sense Degree(s) of Freedom)
feebless: Feebleness; weakness, infirmity.
doradito: any of several passerine birds with yellow underparts in the genus Pseudocolopteryx, found in South America
autoflow: automatic flow
playtext: The text of a play (dramatic work).
tripcode: The hash code of a password, used for signing posts anonymously on imageboards.
substory: A story (narrative) making up part of a larger story.
gaolbait: Rare spelling of jailbait.
gaolmate: Rare form of jailmate.
gaolyard: Rare form of jailyard.
Münchner: A native or inhabitant of Munich.
poor cod: Trisopterus minutus, a temperate marine fish of the cod family (Gadidae).
croisado: A crusade; a holy war.
buckmast: The fruit of the beech tree.
vacuumer: One who, or that which, vacuums.
obeseism: discrimination against very fat people
couponer: One who uses money-saving coupons.
heelwork: A routine in dog shows in which the dog moves at the handler's heels, sometimes choreographed to music.
showcard: An advertising placard.
showcard: A card for displaying samples.
showbill: A large printed advertisement.
poppodum: Veryrare spelling of papadam.
jalfrazi: Alternative form of jalfrezi
Countian: An inhabitant of a specified county.
puppodum: Rare spelling of papadam.
jazzband: Alternative form of jazz band
caecitis: inflammation of the caecum
taileron: A kind of tailplane or stabilator that can move differentially to perform the roll control function of an aileron.
Sunniism: Rare form of Sunnism.
red slaw: A condiment made with green cabbage, vinegar, and ketchup.
p'sketti: Alternative form of pasghetti
Yinglish: An informal language blending elements of English and Yiddish.
antisite: A site within a chemical compound that is occupied by an atom of a different element than would usually be found there.
vlogging: The keeping of a vlog (video weblog).
halfyear: Alternative form of half-year
war horn: Alternative form of war-horn
war tuba: An acoustic locator, vaguely resembling a tuba, used (by Japan during the World Wars) to provide early warning of incoming aircraft.
war-horn: A blowing horn blown (especially by Vikings and other Germanic peoples) to warn others of an impending battle, and call them to it, or to signal its commencement.
caridean: Any shrimp of the infraorder Caridea.
Aetolian: A native or inhabitant of Aetolia.
claybank: A dun-coloured horse.
claybank: Dun; brownish-yellow.
brandlin: Alternative form of branlin
brandlin: Alternative form of brandling
huajillo: The shrub Senegalia berlandieri, formerly Acacia berlandieri.
guajillo: A variety of chili, a dried mirasol.
guajillo: A huajillo (the shrub Senegalia berlandieri, formerly Acacia berlandieri).
Samarian: A native or inhabitant of Samaria.
shishito: A sweet Japanese pepper, a cultivar of the species Capsicum annuum.
chiltepe: A chiltepin.
minmaxer: A player who attempts to create an optimized character by minimizing unfavourable traits and maximizing favourable ones, typically by improving a single trait or ability to the exclusion of others.
red heat: The condition of being red-hot
red heat: The temperature of something that is red-hot
dicktard: Term of abuse.
dubtitle: A subtitle that transcribes the new alternative dialogue spoken on a dubbed soundtrack, rather than translating the original dialogue.
zebrinny: The offspring of a male horse and a female zebra.
robochef: A machine that prepares and dispenses meals.
shitpost: A worthless or superficially meaningless post on a message board, newsgroup, or other online discussion platform. Often with the intended effect of derailing or otherwise distracting from relevant conversation.
shitpost: A seemingly worthless or superficially meaningless image, video or piece of text posted to a social media platform that is intended to be humorously or ironically enjoyed.
mudstain: A spot or mark of mud that discolors an area.
cartouch: Alternative form of cartouche
nanofoam: A nanoscale foam.
wardmate: A patient in the same ward of a hospital
Lutetian: A native or inhabitant of Lutetia.
fecalith: Alternative form of fecolith
wrongdom: An act or instance of wrong or wrongdoing; wrongness; error.
batteler: A student who is supplied with provisions from the buttery; formerly, one who paid for nothing but what he called for.
chresard: The portion of the water in a sample of soil that is available to vegetation (e.g. plant roots)
gill-ale: Ale flavoured with ground ivy.
catstail: timothy grass (Phleum pratense)
threonin: threonine (an essential amino acid)
replayer: One who, or that which, replays; a person or device carrying out playback.
kolovrat: An eight-spoked swastika used by Slavic neopagan, fascist, and nationalist groups.
kakariki: A parakeet of New Zealand, genus Cyanoramphus.
highgate: A highway.
hightide: Alternative form of high tide
barguest: Alternative spelling of barghest
astatide: A binary compound of astatine and another element.
astatate: The anion AtO₃⁻; any salt containing this anion.
diascord: diascordium
stellite: Any of a range of alloys of cobalt and chromium.
preeming: The task of cleaning the teasel-rods and handles in cloth manufacture.
crevalle: A fish, the cavally or jurel.
crevalle: A fish, the pompano (Trachinotus carolinus).
chughole: pothole
japonium: A proposed name for the chemical element nihonium
rikenium: A proposed name for the element nihonium
bohriate: Any oxyanion of bohrium; any salt containing such an ion
old song: A trifle; nothing of value.
great go: The final examination for a degree.
jalapate: A salt or ester of jalapic acid.
polyself: The transformation of one's own character into another type of creature.
turn-out: Alternative form of turnout.
bearshit: The excrement of a bear.
lift-off: Alternative form of liftoff
arenosol: psamment
psamment: A kind of soil, an entisol consisting basically of unconsolidated sand deposits.
lipliner: A cosmetic product intended to fill uneven areas on the outer edges of the lips after applying lipstick, therefore giving a smooth shape.
wayboard: A thin layer or band of rock that separates or defines the boundaries of thicker strata.
misruler: One who rules badly.
sheng nu: A woman in her mid- to late twenties and not yet married, particularly an unmarried successful businesswoman.
Pugliese: A denizen of Puglia in Italy
deerling: A small, young, or baby deer; fawn.
sinogram: Any character used in Chinese writing; hanzi.
sinogram: A diagnostic image of the sinus, produced by sinography.
overrobe: A robe designed to be worn over other clothing, particularly another robe.
underleg: The lower part of a leg.
red ball: A high-profile high-priority case which draws political or media attention.
red ball: first-class cricket, as distinct from limited overs cricket (or "white ball")
red ball: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see red, ball.
backjump: A jump from one level of an algorithm to another, used in backjumping.
meanling: One who is mean or common; a commoner.
dishumor: Alternative form of dishumour
bass bin: A large speaker for bass reproduction.
deerfold: A fold or park for deer.
rapaseed: Alternative form of rapeseed
sandling: sand eel
sheng nü: Alternative spelling of sheng nu
autogain: automatic amplification of a signal
gas line: A pipe or hose connecting a gas appliance to the main supply of natural gas for the apartment, office or building.
gas line: A queue out of a service station where people in automobiles wait their turn to make a purchase of gasoline.
gas line: A pipeline used to transport natural gas.
gas line: The tubing that carries gasoline in a vehicle from the gas tank to the engine.
stunpoll: bonehead, stupid person
montaria: A kind of rudderless boat used on the Amazon.
gilliver: A gillyflower.
lanchara: Alternative form of lancaran (“ship”)
gaffsail: A topsail above the uppermost or only spanker.
earprint: The mark or impression left by an ear pressed against a surface.
assprint: The mark or impression left by buttocks having been pressed against a surface.
s-aorist: An aorist stem of an Old Latin verb which has been formed by adding an s to the end of the present stem; the ancestor of the Classical s-perfect.
tentmate: One who occupies the same tent.
averager: A system or process for computing averages.
caragana: Any of several shrubs or small trees, of the genus Caragana, that often have golden flowers
urodynia: Pain during urination.
gun sock: A long tubular cloth covering, sealed at one end, used to provide basic protection for a firearm.
boomaler: boor, oaf, bungler
minxship: A supposed title given to a woman thought to be acting like a minx (usually with possessive adjective).
mesonics: The study of mesons.
gluonics: The study of gluons, gluonium, and the strong interaction.
agrement: Obsolete form of agreement.
mangenue: A young, inexperienced, guileless man or boy, especially in film and theater.
lovebomb: Alternative spelling of love bomb
potterer: One who potters.
Dagonite: A worshipper of Dagon.
rodomont: A vain or blustering boaster; a braggart.
syncrude: The output from a bitumen/extra heavy oil upgrader facility used in connection with oil sand production.
basecoat: The undermost coat of paint, etc., over which subsequent layers can be applied. In general usage this does not include any primer.
shoebeam: A beam of non-conductive material (usually fibreglass or wood), attached to a train bogey that supports the pickup shoe.
loli-con: Alternative spelling of lolicon
dealwood: deal; wood that is relatively soft and easy to saw
Sicarius: Any of a group of Jews who attempted to expel the Romans from Judea using concealed daggers.
K-theory: The study of rings R generated by the set of vector bundles over some topological space or scheme;
K-theory: that part of algebraic topology comprising what is now called topological K-theory.
K-theory: The cohomology generated by the set of vector bundles over some topological space or scheme.
padiddle: The game itself.
padiddle: An automobile spotted during the play of the game.
matricin: A sesquiterpene from which chamazulene can be biosynthesised.
cooperon: A special Green's function used in modelling superconductivity.
diffuson: A mathematical object relating to diffusive motion, used in the theory of electron transport in disordered systems.
gamegoer: One who goes to or attends a game.
time box: A fixed timeframe dedicated for a project or a task in a project.
pnicogen: Alternative form of pnictogen
Comstock: a censor; one who censors
chokidar: Alternative form of chaukidar
hawk-owl: Alternative spelling of hawk owl
autoiris: A camera iris that adjusts automatically based on light levels.
raddling: Hedges or fences made with raddles.
hawk owl: The northern hawk owl, Surnia ulula.
hawk owl: Any owl in the genus Ninox, native to Australasia.
anocracy: A political system which is neither fully democratic nor fully autocratic, often being vulnerable to political instability.
anocracy: A government not lacking governmental power but absent of political domination.
relenter: One who relents.
gynecide: The killing of females, especially female infants.
unlooser: One who unlooses.
concelho: A county or municipality in Portugal.
sireland: Alternative spelling of sire-land
condessa: A Portuguese countess.
mushhead: A stupid person.
visnomie: Obsolete form of physiognomy.
halapeno: Misspelling of jalapeño.
habañero: Nonstandard form of habanero.
markland: An old Scots unit of measure equal to eight ouncelands.
May game: An entertainment held as part of the spring celebrations in May, especially on May Day.
May game: An object of ridicule; a laughingstock.
coholder: A joint holder (of an account, a record, etc.).
coranach: Alternative form of coronach
laceback: A kind of ligature for the canine teeth, shaped like a figure eight.
laceleaf: Alternative form of lace-leaf
miniflag: A miniature flag.
Ashantee: Dated form of Ashanti.
anapaest: Alternative form of anapest
poinding: A poind.
fishweir: An obstruction placed in tidal waters, or wholly or partially across a river, to trap fish or hinder their passage.
gambooge: Archaic form of gamboge.
firehook: a long pole with a hook at the end, used to pull down buildings and roof thatch to suppress a fire.
polytone: A polyphonic ringtone.
amavadin: A complex anion, containing vanadium, found in some species of Amanita mushrooms
excretor: Any organism that excretes waste matter
reheater: One who, or that which, reheats.
overcoil: Part of a watch: an improved balance spring with a raised outer coil.
nigrosin: A mixture of synthetic black dyes made by heating a mixture of nitrobenzene, aniline and aniline hydrochloride in the presence of a copper or iron catalyst; used for staining of bacteria and as a colorant.
nigerose: An unfermentable sugar obtained by partial hydrolysis of nigeran.
septolet: A septuplet.
classful: An amount that fills a class.
assplant: An unintentional landing on one's buttocks.
ziggaboo: A nigger, negro; synonym of jigaboo.
drinamyl: A stimulant made from dextroamphetamine and amobarbital.
tar baby: A difficult, abstract problem that worsens as one attempts to handle it; a "sticky" situation, especially one where attempts to make it better only make it worse.
tar baby: A black person.
cookline: A row of appliances for the preparation of hot food in a restaurant kitchen.
zoomancy: divination by means of animals
shagpile: shag carpet
categise: Pronunciation spelling of catechism.
cowlneck: A loose neckline supposed to resemble that of a monk's cowl.
polycell: polychoron
kyllosis: clubfoot
120-cell: A four-dimensional polytope, analogous to a dodecahedron, whose 120 bounding facets are dodecahedra.
600-cell: A four-dimensional polytope, analogous to an icosahedron, whose 600 bounding facets are tetrahedra.
evilfare: Ill-success; misfortune.
homefare: Homecoming; one's journey or arrival home.
hellfare: Deplorable welfare; welfare that causes more anguish than good.
beltloop: Alternative form of belt loop
flaregun: Alternative spelling of flare gun
cobhouse: A structure built of cob.
cobhouse: A structure built of cobs of wood, often notched where the pieces cross.
cobhouse: A flimsy structure, as one built by children from small bits of wood and other materials.
cobhouse: A structure built of cobs of wood, often notched where the pieces cross.
cobhouse: An outbuilding of inferior construction.
cobhouse: A structure built of cobs of wood, often notched where the pieces cross.
cobhouse: A flimsy arrangement or structure.
mammasan: Alternative form of mama-san
souflaki: Alternative spelling of souvlaki (Greek dish)
mama-san: A mother, in Japan or East Asia.
mama-san: A woman in a position of authority, especially the madam of a geisha bar.
prigging: stolen goods
fellagha: A guerrilla soldier fighting for independence in Algeria or Tunisia under French rule.
hitpoint: Alternative form of hit point
chavvery: The quality of being chavvy.
meta key: A special key on some kinds of keyboard, used to activate keyboard shortcuts.
overpush: A push of the upper part of an object, thereby generating a shearing or turning force
overpush: A push which is overly forceful
overpush: A movement of the leading leg laterally under the body, generating momentum
handmill: A mill for grinding grain, pepper, coffee, etc. worked by hand as distinguished from those driven by steam, water, or other power.
kanzashi: An ornamental hairpin; hair ornament.
soul-ale: A wake or funeral gathering at which ale is served; also called dirge-ale.
moonbase: A base or outpost located on a moon.
antiself: An entity opposing or reflecting a self.
bloodfin: Aphyocharax anisitsi, a South American characin with blood-red tail and fins.
Islamics: The study of Islam.
geocarpy: The production by plants of diaspores within the soil.
geosophy: The study of geographical knowledge from any or all points of view, not merely scientifically.
mastrope: A rope used in supporting a mast; a stay.
manhater: One who hates mankind; a misanthrope.
manhater: One who hates men or the male sex; a misandrist.
myophily: pollination by flies
coalsack: A sack for carrying coal.
coalsack: Any of the spaces in the Milky Way which are very black, owing to the nearly complete absence of stars.
freeflow: A style of self-service restaurant or cafeteria where customers can select from various food items without waiting in a queue.
freeflow: In scuba diving, the situation where the diving regulator continues to supply air instead of cutting off the supply when the diver stops inhaling.
sideseam: A seam running along the side (of a garment, a cigarette, etc.).
flax bow: A large talisman consisting of an arch of woven twigs with flax cord and beads suspended beneath it.
zolotnik: An old Russian unit of weight, equal to 1/96 of a pound or approximately 4.2658 grams.
pakhawaj: Alternative form of pakhavaj
porocyte: One of the tubular cells that make up the pores of a sponge.
anderoon: Obsolete form of anderun.
betelnut: Alternative form of betel nut
pakhavaj: An Indian barrel-shaped, two-headed drum, a variant and descendant of the mridang.
Malamute: A member of an Inupiak people who live in western Alaska and are known for breeding malamute dogs.
vartapet: Alternative form of vardapet
vartabad: Alternative form of vardapet
vartabet: Alternative form of vardapet
orangelo: A citrus fruit that is a cross between an orange and a grapefruit.
vardapet: A highly educated archimandrite in the Armenian Apostolic Church tradition who holds a Doctorate in Theology.
puff-leg: Alternative form of puffleg
paramita: perfection or culmination of certain virtues
chhertum: Alternative spelling of chetrum
torturee: One who is subjected to torture; a torture victim.
vendress: female equivalent of vendor; a woman or girl who vends; a female vendor.
lookback: Alternative form of look-back
lookback: A kind of exotic option whose payoff depends on the optimal (maximum or minimum) underlying asset's price occurring over the life of the option.
attritor: A type of grinder in which particles suspended in a liquid are moved by paddles and are ground as they collide with each other or with the grinding medium.
Nibelung: A member of a supernatural underground race that guarded treasures and gold searched for and eventually seized by Siegfried.
BitCoins: Alternative form of bitcoins, plural of BitCoin
mokimoki: Microsorum scandens, a fragrant fern of New Zealand and Australia.
neatfoot: Alternative form of neatsfoot
methexis: An originally Ancient Greek form of theatre in which the audience participates and improvises.
methexis: The relation between a particular and a Platonic form.
sidenote: Alternative form of side note
purlicue: The space between one's forefinger and thumb.
shadeset: A colour scheme that can be applied to a computerized map.
salt hay: A hay made from saltgrass.
salt hay: A hay made from any grass grown in salty or alkali conditions.
vacuitie: Obsolete spelling of vacuity
hotbrain: Alternative form of hot-brain
big mind: In the Zen tradition, an awareness of reality that transcends the merely personal or subjective.
Niagaran: A native or inhabitant of Niagara.
MERS-CoV: Abbreviation of Middle East respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus (MERS-associated coronoavirus).
quondong: Alternative form of quandong
perjuror: One who commits perjury.
rotaliid: Any foraminiferan of the order Rotaliida
kleftiko: A Greek dish of lamb marinated and baked on the bone.
Y. O. B.: Alternative spelling of YOB
dustling: A small grain or particle; mote; speck.
dustling: One formed from the dust; human being.
glaucope: A person with dark hair and blue eyes.
attainer: One who attains.
hillwash: sediment that accumulates at the base of a slope
meanship: Instrumentality.
illuvium: material displaced across a soil profile, from one layer to another, by the action of rainwater
refiring: An act of firing again.
doorslab: A slab forming part of a doorway.
takeback: The act of taking back or reclaiming anything.
takeback: The withdrawal of the previous move, as in practice games.
takeback: The reduction in energy savings from new technologies due to increased levels of demand.
lichenan: lichenin
pannarin: An organic compound found in some lichens.
physcion: An organic compound found in some lichens.
eranthin: A compound found in Eranthis flowering plants.
butlerin: An organic compound found in some lichens.
kassinin: A tachykinin neuropeptide derived from Kassina frogs.
vitrosin: The structural protein of the vitreous body.
kinectin: A particular transmembrane protein in humans.
keratoma: A horn-like tumour.
kiwakiwa: Alternative form of kiwikiwi
seatworm: Strongyloides stercoralis
seatworm: The pinworm or threadworm (genus Enterobius).
kiwikiwi: A star fern or creek fern, of species Blechnum fluviatie.
lychgate: Alternative spelling of lych-gate
kawakawa: Alternative form of kiwikiwi (“star fern”) (Blechnum fluviatie)
kawakawa: A false albacore, a fish of species Euthynnus affinis.
kawakawa: Piper excelsum (syn. Macropiper excelsum), a shrub endemic to New Zealand.
microlam: A type of engineered dimensional lumber, composed of laminated wood.
kininase: An enzyme involved in kinin metabolism.
scumball: A sleazy, disreputable, or despicable person; a lowlife.
provedor: Alternative form of provedore
popeship: The state, quality, condition, or jurisdiction of being a pope; papacy.
popeship: A term used as a title or designation.
gulliver: one's head.
fraxetin: A hydrolysis product of fraxin; 7,8-dihydroxy-6-methoxycoumarin.
bornness: The state or condition with which one is born; one's inherent quality; natural ability or inclination.
shrouder: Agent noun of shroud: one who shrouds or conceals things.
shrouder: A slaughterhouse worker whose primary job is attaching a cloth or canvas cover to a beef carcass.
alqueire: A traditional Portuguese unit of dry measure, equal to 13.1–19.3 liters in different 19th-century contexts.
alqueire: A traditional Portuguese unit of land area, equal to 2–10 hectares in different locations.
groomdom: The state, quality, or condition of being a groom; groomhood.
groomdom: Grooms collectively.
soulscot: A funeral payment, formerly made at the grave, usually to the parish priest in whose church service for the departed had been said; a mortuary.
detacher: One who or that which detaches.
burrhead: A black person.
yard ape: An unruly child.
yard ape: A black person.
roofball: A game in which players attempt to keep a ball in play by alternately bouncing it off a sloping roof.
prepayer: One who makes an advance payment.
Malaccan: A native or inhabitant of Malacca.
chilgoza: A pine of species of Pinus gerardiana, native to the northwestern Himalayas.
chilgoza: An edible pine nut of Pinus gerardiana.
barbasco: A plant (Lonchocarpus urucu, now Deguelia rufescens var. urucu) native to parts of northern South America used as a poison for fishing and an insecticide.
barbasco: An evergreen (Jacquinia barbasco, now Jacquinia arborea)
barbasco: One of several inedible wild Mexican yams (Dioscorea mexicana and Dioscorea composita) from which progesterone can be synthesized.
napunyah: Alternative form of yapunyah
lapunyah: Any of three species of Australian eucalypts, Eucalyptus ochrophloia, Eucalyptus thozetiana and Eucalyptus argophloia.
exocomet: An extrasolar comet; A comet which exists outside Earth's solar system, including interstellar comets and comets that orbit stars other than the sun.
yapunyah: Eucalyptus ochrophloia, a eucalypt native to inland New South Wales and Queensland in eastern Australia.
shitbird: An objectionable, despicable person.
illbient: A music genre with layered soundscapes, dub and hip-hop influences (including the use of samples), and a progressive approach to beat programming.
lactogen: A polypeptide placental hormone, part of the somatotropin family, with structure and function similar to those of growth hormone. It modifies the metabolic state of the mother during pregnancy to facilitate the energy supply of the fetus.
carbogen: A mixture of carbon dioxide and oxygen gas.
Distrib.: Abbreviation of distributor.
Distrib.: Abbreviation of distributing.
Confed'n: Abbreviation of confederation.
tardling: A contemptible person, especially a foolish one.
smallsat: A miniature artificial satellite.
keyphone: A desk telephone with additional buttons and features.
tigrillo: Leopardus tigrinus, the oncilla.
jellybag: A cloth bag used for straining in making jelly.
Subcomm.: Abbreviation of subcommittee.
S'holder: Abbreviation of shareholder.
crabtree: Alternative form of crab tree
pilargid: Any polychaete worm of the family Pilargidae.
Phocaean: an inhabitant of Phocaea
slutwalk: A kind of protest march against rape culture and slut-shaming, generally led by young women who dress in revealing clothing.
B.P.A.I.: Abbreviation of Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences.
C.C.P.A.: Abbreviation of Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
J.P.M.L.: Abbreviation of Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation.
M.C.A.T.: Alternative form of MCAT
D. A. T.: Alternative form of DAT
S. A. T.: Alternative form of SAT
mindhood: The state, condition, or qualification of being a mind; mentality.
bibliog.: Abbreviation of bibliography.
subpara.: Abbreviation of subparagraph.
no place: indicates that a document has no place of publication shown on the document and that none has been inferred from other evidence
no place: indicates that an anterior subject does not belong in a particular place or situation.
wifeling: A wife; a little wife.
wifelkin: A wife.
firebath: A bath in intense heat; sauna.
downcard: A card that is dealt face down.
pug mill: A kind of mill for grinding and mixing clay, either for art or brickmaking. It consists essentially of an upright shaft armed with projecting knives, which is caused to revolve in a hollow cylinder, tub, or vat, in which the clay is placed.
rptr. n.: Abbreviation of reporter's note.
hist. n.: Abbreviation of historical note.
Lesothan: A native or inhabitant of Lesotho.
demarchy: Government by decision-makers who have been randomly selected by sortition (lot) from a pool of eligible citizens.
calafate: The barberry of South America.
subsecs.: Abbreviation of subsections.
day-fine: Alternative spelling of day fine
subdivs.: Abbreviation of subdivisions.
day fine: A unit of fine payment based on the offender's daily personal income. The number of day fines depends on the gravity of offence.
wananish: A fish from any of several freshwater populations of the Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar.
haznadar: Alternative form of hazinedar
Phutball: A strategic board game for two players, with some resemblance to checkers, in which the aim is to score "goals" by moving a piece over the opponent's goal line.
calfbone: Alternative form of calf bone
Salemite: An inhabitant of Salem
fruitset: A set of fruits from the same organism.
fruitset: The "setting" (beginning of growing) of fruit, resulting from successful pollination.
cincalok: A Malaccan condiment made from fermented small shrimps or krill.
ssamjang: A thick, spicy Korean paste made from doenjang, gochujang, sesame oil, onion, garlic, green onions, and optionally brown sugar.
tentsuyu: A Japanese sauce used as a dip for tempura.
allyship: The role or status of being an ally.
sharkdom: The state of being a shark, or of belonging to the world of sharks; sharks, collectively.
pullcord: A cord that can be pulled to activate a light or other mechanism.
fish fur: low-quality or fake fur used as a fabric for clothing
exposome: A measure of the effects of life-long environmental exposures on health.
drug lab: A laboratory designed for the manufacture of illegal drugs.
drug lab: A professional laboratory designed for the legal manufacture of drugs and pharmaceuticals.
wankette: A stupid or annoying woman.
wankette: A female masturbator.
naginata: A traditional Japanese halberd: a polearm historically used to cut down infantry and cavalry.
teucrium: Any of the genus Teucrium of lamiaceous plants; a germander.
imbosser: Archaic form of embosser.
knitwork: knitted material; a knitted object
meralgia: pain in the thigh
keratode: keratose
paleoart: art that depicts subjects related to paleontology
paleoart: primitive art of Paleolithic peoples
fivehead: A large forehead.
helistop: A place where a helicopter can land.
old town: The historic district of a city or town.
old town: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see old, town.
sea room: The space at sea necessary to manoeuvre a ship.
nylidrin: buphenine
nycturia: nocturia
ice-boat: Alternative spelling of ice boat
reuniter: One who reunites.
ill-doer: A wrongdoer; malefactor.
fluidism: The doctrine that the fluids of the body are the source of its vital properties and are susceptible to disease.
flopwing: A bird, the lapwing.
Kolkatan: A person from Kolkata
Delhiite: A native or inhabitant of Delhi.
wei ch'i: go (the game)
boot-boy: Alternative spelling of boot boy
boot boy: A boy who cleans boots and shoes.
boot boy: One of a gang of violent hooligans who usually wear short-cropped hair and bovver boots.
boot boy: A boy who cares for a footballer's boots.
burp gun: A small submachine gun
shetland: Lightweight, loosely twisted wool fabric.
bus pass: A pass that allows the user to travel on buses for a certain duration or a certain number of trips.
TRAP law: A type of legislation specifically designed to restrict abortion providers.
bitheist: A believer in bitheism.
tholepin: A thole.
povitica: A Croatian potica.
latewood: wood formed in a tree relatively late in the season
starbase: A base (for trading, military operations, etc.) located in space, among the stars.
starbase: Alternative form of star base
drugshop: drugstore; pharmacy
headmate: An imaginary friend.
headmate: An alternate personality in someone with dissociative identity disorder or another form of psychological multiplicity.
no-lifer: One who has no social life; a friendless introvert.
basilick: Archaic form of basilic.
bianqing: A set of qings, or sounding stones, used in Chinese music.
toquilla: The Panama hat palm.
traprock: Alternative form of trap rock
friendom: The state or condition of being friends; friendhood.
wingette: drumette
fienddom: Alternative form of fiendom
fiendkin: A little fiend; an imp.
planosol: A soil with a light-coloured, coarse-textured surface horizon that shows signs of periodic water stagnation and abruptly overlies a dense, slowly permeable subsoil with significantly more clay than the surface horizon.
lithosol: orthent
argillan: A clay skin, a kind of cutan.
umbrisol: A kind of soil with a dark topsoil and having organic matter accumulated within the mineral surface soil.
fluvisol: A genetically young kind of soil found in alluvial deposits.
gypsisol: A soil with a substantial secondary accumulation of gypsum, found in arid climates.
anthrept: A kind of inceptisol modified by human habitation and farming.
leptosol: A very shallow soil over hard rock or highly calcareous or stony material.
calcisol: A soil with a substantial secondary accumulation of lime.
cambisol: A kind of soil that is beginning to form, characterized by weak, mostly brownish discolouration and/or structure formation in the soil profile, and developed in medium and fine-textured materials derived from a wide range of rocks.
boulimia: Archaic form of bulimia.
banishee: One who is banished; an exile.
hidrotic: A medicine that causes perspiration.
blokedom: The world or sphere of blokes.
ear drum: Alternative form of eardrum
monopipe: A variable open pipe that can produce varying pitches.
scybalum: A manually palpable lump of stool in the intestines, associated with constipation.
scuttler: A kind of striped lizard.
scuttler: A member of a local youth gang in working-class areas of Manchester, Salford, and surrounding townships during the late 19th century.
duckface: A facial expression in which the lips are pushed outwards in a pout.
stooling: The production of stool or feces; defecation.
cossette: One of the thin strips into which sugar beets are cut as part of the sugar-making process.
popslash: Slash fan fiction which pairs pop musicians, especially ones belonging to the same boy band.
actorfic: A fanfic focusing on the imagined activities of a real actor or actors.
actorfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
fibrisol: A kind of organosol consisting predominantly of relatively undecomposed organic material with clearly visible plant fragments.
ureylene: The divalent functional group -NH-CO-NH- derived from urea
brunisol: Any soil that has a developed B horizon but does not meet the requirements of any of the other soil orders.
vermisol: A kind of soil subject to worm activity.
rubrozem: A kind of reddish-yellow podzolic soil.
endstone: One of the plates of a watch-jewel, against which the pivot abuts.
articals: Misspelling of articles. plural of artical
gun line: the tactical firing position of artillery or naval guns
forebell: The first of a series of bells.
forebite: A condition where the (front) teeth are set too far forward in the mouth.
bypasser: One who or that which bypasses.
bypasser: Alternative form of passer-by (“one who passes by”)
E.A.D.A.: Alternative form of EADA
A.U.S.A.: Alternative form of AUSA
A. D. A.: Alternative form of ADA
re-abuse: Abuse that is repeated or perpetrated again.
firebrat: A thysanuran insect, Thermobia domestica.
gnu goat: Budorcas taxicolor
sour gum: Nyssa sylvatica (black tupelo)
sour gum: Nyssa aquatica (water tupelo)
pygalgia: pain in the buttocks
pygalgia: pain in the ass
burr oak: Alternative form of bur oak
post oak: A tree of the species Quercus stellata (family Fagaceae), native to North America.
anchress: An anchoress.
heremite: A hermit; an eremite.
cœnosarc: Obsolete spelling of coenosarc
bat'leth: A double-ended curved blade weapon with spiked protrusions, controlled by grips along its back, used by Klingons in Star Trek.
tweendom: The stage, state, or world of tweens; tweens collectively.
sit-upon: Alternative form of sit upon
sit upon: buttocks, bottom
sit upon: small, portable cushion for sitting on
foothole: A hole in a cricket pitch made by the bowler's foot during the runup.
foothole: A hole into which the foot can be wedged to aid in climbing; a foothold.
foothole: A foothold.
foothole: A deep footprint; a hole made by a foot.
Chicksaw: Dated form of Chickasaw.
mesilect: Alternative spelling of mesolect
zombyism: Alternative spelling of zombiism
law firm: A business formed by one or more lawyers to engage in the practice of law.
F. B. O.: Alternative spelling of FBO
snubness: The quality of being snub.
z-buffer: A buffer for the purpose of tracking the relative depths of different objects in a scene and determining which are closer to the observer than others.
ascorbyl: A univalent radical derived from ascorbic acid
infoline: A helpline providing information.
atroxase: An endopeptidase enzyme, found in the venom of the diamondback rattlesnake Crotalus atrox, that catalyzes the cleavage of His⁵-Leu, Ser⁹-His, His¹⁰-Leu, Ala¹⁴-Leu and Tyr¹⁶-Leu of insulin B chain.
nanoacre: A unit of surface area equal to 10⁻⁹ of an acre, or 0.00627264 square inches.
hassagay: Archaic form of assegai.
assagaie: Archaic form of assegai.
cat door: A cat flap.
Castrism: Castrist beliefs and policies generally.
tangeite: A calcium, copper vanadate mineral, CaCu(VO₄)(OH)
fechfech: Alternative spelling of fesh-fesh
feshfesh: Alternative spelling of fesh-fesh
dowrying: The act of bestowing a dowry as part of a marriage.
leg-pull: A joke, fib or tease.
Latakian: Someone from Latakia.
selfcest: Sexual activity with an alternate version of oneself, such as a clone, duplicate, alter ego, or a version of oneself from a different time or alternate universe.
allotopy: A contradiction between two basic meaning traits (semes) within a story.
flagpost: flagpole
C. B. D.: Alternative form of CBD
T. H. C.: Alternative form of THC
C. B. N.: Alternative form of CBN
otzovism: recallism
hindside: backside
otzovist: recallist
edgewear: wear to the edge of something, such as a book or a mechanical component
firenado: A fire whirl (a whirling column of fire found in large fiery areas such as wildfires, similar in appearance to a tornado made out of fire).
firenado: A true tornado generated by a firestorm.
wasteoid: Someone who is habitually wasted (drunk or stoned)
polyduct: A single pipeline that carries different refined products.
matchday: Alternative form of match day
halfcock: The position when the cock of a gun is at the first notch.
blogware: software facilitating the creation of blogs
shotspot: Alternative form of shot spot
fuel oil: A grade of oil used principally as a fuel.
fuel oil: Specifically, the heaviest commercial fuel that can be obtained from crude oil.
dirigism: Alternative form of dirigisme
galileon: A theorised scalar field which is a local modification of gravity in some forms of string theory.
minivoid: A small region of very low density within a galaxy.
graphyne: An allotrope of carbon, related to graphene, consisting of a plane of benzene rings, each connected to six others by acetylene moieties.
Weltbild: A theoretical understanding of the world and how it operates.
xenismos: A ritual offering of a meal in Ancient Greece.
ashiness: The quality of being ashy.
Mamaluke: Alternative form of mameluke
Mameluke: Alternative letter-case form of mameluke
micronut: A small nut (piece of metal jammed into the rockface to protect a climb).
upstager: One who upstages.
Conehead: One of a fictional race of humanoid aliens with conical skulls.
Conehead: A fan of baseball pitcher David Cone.
conehead: Alternative form of Conehead
conehead: A foam rubber rounded cone hat to be worn atop the head as a costume to appear to have a conical bald skull.
conehead: An insect of the katydid subfamily Conocephalinae.
conehead: Any member of the order Protura of insect-like arthropods.
conehead: A person who has undergone cranial modification in order to produce an elongated skull.
conehead: A person addicted to smoking marijuana with a bong.
conehead: A pinhead, a stupid person.
nebenion: Any ion near another one that is involved in transport through a membrane, and that is influencing its transport properties (especially one that assists, rather than counters, the transport of another ion)
linguism: Discrimination based on a person's language.
linguism: Competition among or unequal treatment of languages and their speaker communities.
linguism: Conversance with, or predilection for, (foreign) languages
linguism: Advocacy of languages on a regional basis
casteism: discrimination based on a person's caste
Asatruar: An adherent of Asatru.
Pskovian: A native or inhabitant of Pskov.
e-coupon: A coupon stored in electronic form.
flourman: A man who sells flour.
alembick: Obsolete form of alembic.
nonfelid: Anything, especially an animal, which is not a felid.
hemogram: A detailed record of various blood tests
beampipe: The evacuated chamber through which a beam of particles is accelerated in a particle accelerator
semiflow: A form of matrix annuler in a Petri net.
rudstone: A calcareous rock consisting of coarse limestones supported by grains larger than two millimetres.
cartshed: A building for the storage of carts.
Theodism: A form of Germanic neopaganism developed in the United States, based on Anglo-Saxon practices in England before conversion to Christianity.
despotry: despotism
minerval: A gift given in gratitude by a student to a teacher; financial compensation paid to a teacher for their services.
bimbashi: Alternative spelling of binbashi
Teamster: A member of the Teamsters labour union, usually a truck driver.
biofield: A supposed field of energy or life force that surrounds or permeates a living thing.
e-border: A national border where entry and exit is regulated by means of technology, such as biometrics.
scimetar: Alternative spelling of scimitar
Raumismo: A conception of the Esperanto community as a self-chosen linguistic diaspora.
foredeep: A depression, on a seafloor next to an orogen, that is filled with sediment.
copyback: writeback
Brunello: Any of various Italian red wines.
e-cheque: A payment made by direct debit.
Lesghian: Alternative form of Lezgian
cake pop: A confection consisting of a round piece of cake coated in icing or chocolate and stuck on a stick in the manner of a lollipop.
flatform: A type of shoe with a flat platform sole.
umbridge: Misspelling of umbrage.
vasogram: The diagnostic image produced in vasography.
moth fly: A fly of the subfamily Psychodinae of the nematoceran family Psychodidae.
epispasm: A form of foreskin restoration to reverse circumcision, historically practised among some Jews in Hellenistic and Roman societies.
catitude: An attitude belonging to or befitting a cat.
extemper: One who takes part in extemp.
shitlord: Term of abuse, typically applied to someone seen as bigoted.
vanisher: One who vanishes.
vanisher: Something that causes another thing to vanish.
misplant: Something that has been misplanted.
misplant: A planting that has failed.
pincloth: A pinafore.
same sex: The same gender to which one is referring, often when referring to oneself.
dog door: A doggie door.
handtool: Alternative form of hand tool
char siu: A style of preparation of barbecued pork in Cantonese cuisine, typically using honey and spices.
suberror: A lesser error making up part of a greater error.
suberror: A specific error belonging to a general class of errors.
downcall: A call from a higher-level subsystem, such as user code, to a lower-level subsystem, such as a kernel or framework.
fastgang: A fasting.
fastgang: Shrove Tuesday.
wingbase: The part of the body where a wing is attached.
prequark: preon; subquark
bowstave: The stave of a bow, to which the string is attached.
husbando: A fictional male character from non-live-action visual media (typically an anime, manga, or video game) to whom one is attracted and/or whom one considers their significant other.
bymatter: Something beside the main business; a side incident; a trivial, unimportant matter.
byfellow: A fellow of a college (in the University of Cambridge) not on the foundation, and not having the privileges of a foundation fellow.
yeasayer: One whose attitude is positive, optimistic, confidently affirmative.
yeasayer: One who habitually agrees uncritically.
UK funky: A genre of electronic dance music derived from UK garage, afrobeat, and other genres.
conquian: A card game, an ancestor of rummy.
woodball: An Asian sport resembling croquet.
wireball: A street game, related to baseball, in which the "batter" attempts to throw the ball over a power line.
wallball: A particular ball sport in which the ball is thrown against the wall
cuestick: cue; the stick used to propel the ball in snooker, billiards, etc.
corkball: A game resembling baseball but with a smaller ball and without baserunning.
townball: Any of various games resembling rounders and baseball, played in North America in the 18th and 19th centuries.
townball: Modern historical recreation of the predecessor to baseball.
fistball: A European sport in which players attempt to hit a ball over a net with fists or arms.
wingover: An aerobatic maneuver in which an airplane makes a steep climb followed by a vertical flat-turn (the plane turns to its side, without rolling) and a short dive, levelling out to fly in the opposite direction from which the maneuver began.
playware: children's toys that take the form of electronic hardware or software
overness: The quality of being over (finished, elapsed, concluded).
overness: The quality of being over (above or excessive).
going-to: Promised future actions or achievements.
lazy-ass: Alternative form of lazy ass
skintern: A female intern who wears very revealing clothing in an office setting where more conservative attire is the norm.
Calamian: A native or inhabitant of this island group.
Tagbanua: Alternative form of Tagbanwa
miniblog: A small weblog.
netspeak: An informal form of written language used on the Internet, characterized by abbreviations and emoticons.
roadcrew: A group of workers who build or maintain roads.
roadcrew: A team of roadies (crew for a musical group or other travelling stage production).
prefinal: The consonant immediately before the last.
Tagbanwa: A member of one of the oldest ethnic groups in the Philippines, mainly found in central and northern Palawan.
dodoitsu: A specific form of Japanese poem without rhyme, having lines of 7-7-7-5 morae.
soaprock: Synonym of soapstone.
Claddagh: Short for Claddagh ring.
bdellion: Alternative form of bdellium
netblock: A block of IP addresses.
rexinoid: Any synthetic agent that binds specifically to a retinoid "X" receptor
blogring: A kind of webring connecting blogs.
eonothem: The totality of rock strata laid down in the stratigraphic record during a certain eon of the continuous geologic timescale.
upcharge: A surcharge for something additional.
wug word: Synonym of pseudoword
goblinry: The doings or character of goblins.
caniform: Any carnivore of the suborder Caniformia, which are regarded as dog-like.
noonmark: A mark made on a structure to align with the sun at noon for the purpose of timekeeping.
noonmark: The time of noon.
kilikiki: Alternative spelling of kilikiti
sinewave: Alternative form of sine wave
throffer: A proposal that mixes an offer with a threat that will be carried out if the offer is not accepted.
peptomer: Any homopolymer formed from peptide monomers
phytagel: gellan gum
lechfest: Something prurient or characterized/frequented by lechers.
traycase: A lidded box in which a book or books can be presented.
helldesk: help desk
mastiche: Alternative form of mastic
face fly: A fly, Musca autumnalis, that resembles the housefly and is a pest of cattle and horses.
nonlying: The practice of not telling lies.
realiser: Alternative form of realizer
douchery: Behaviour that is rude, obnoxious, ignorant, or foolish.
Muslimah: A female Muslim.
ptilinum: A bladder-like pouch on the head of schizophoran flies that by expanding enables the fly to emerge from its puparium.
calypter: Either of two posterior wing lobes that appear in dipteran flies of the subsection Calyptrata, and that cover the halteres.
rose hip: Alternative form of rosehip
nafronyl: naftidrofuryl
pondlily: spatterdock
neuraxin: A structural protein in rats.
entactin: A protein that is a component of the basement membrane and (along with perlecan) connects the networks formed by collagens and laminins to each other.
nephroid: A plane curve resembling two intersecting ellipses
catswort: catnip; catmint
big tree: The giant sequoia or wellingtonia, Sequoiadendron giganteum
robohead: A recreational user of the antitussive drug dextromethorphan.
chow fun: A Cantonese dish, composed of stir-fried wide noodles, bean sprouts, and meat or tofu.
scalesia: A type of tree found in the Galápagos, in the genus Scalesia.
tributor: A miner who was paid a percentage of the value of whatever ore he mined.
truckwit: A reckless or idiotic truck driver.
bikeporn: Images of bicycles, and associated equipment, in a style meant to arouse feelings of appreciation and envy.
pleonite: An abdominal somite of a crustacean
nerdfest: A gathering of nerds or an event centered around the interests of nerds.
nerdfest: Something which appeals to or is characteristic of nerds.
palm nut: The edible seed of Elaeis guineensis, the oil palm
pili nut: The edible seed of Canarium ovatum, a tree native to the maritime tropics from the edge of Southeast Asia to the edge of Australia.
heartnut: The edible seed of a Japanese species of walnut, Juglans ailantifolia.
adorcism: voluntary, desired or curative possession by a spirit
anguinea: A cubic curve of the form xy² + ey = ax³ + bx² + cx + d
allocher: In a sign language, any of two or more alternative hand signs for a chereme.
kola nut: The edible seed of the kola tree, Cola acuminata and related species, used as a flavoring and as a source of caffeine.
skeining: The winding of thread on a rotating reel in a reciprocating manner so as to form a skein of uniform thickness.
popskull: cheap inferior whisky, sometimes illegally distilled
biobreak: Alternative form of bio-break
kindhood: The quality of being of a kind or sort.
panpathy: Alternative spelling of pampathy
pampathy: The supposed faculty that causes its possessors to yearn to commune with the “All” of existence.
ship war: An intense and sometimes hostile disagreement between shippers of rival ships in a fandom.
crackfic: Alternative form of crack fic
carbozoo: An anthrax vaccine containing saponin as an adjuvant.
seastead: A permanent dwelling or settlement constructed at sea, outside the territory claimed by any national government.
Lettrist: A supporter of Lettrism.
big name: A widely-known reputation, especially one that is favorable.
big name: A prominent individual, especially one who is favorably regarded.
silicyne: an allotrope of silicon, consisting of a long chain of silicon atoms linked together with either (1) disilene units [ ...=Si=Si=Si=...] or (2) disilyne units [ ...–Si≡Si–Si≡Si–... ]
silicyne: an allotrope of silicon, consisting of a long chain of silicon atoms linked together with either (1) disilene units [ ...=Si=Si=Si=...] or (2) disilyne units
shellbag: A set of registry keys that store details about a viewed folder, such as its size, position, and icon.
postroad: A road designated for the transportation of postal mail.
cashdesk: Alternative form of cash desk
pick-six: Alternative spelling of pick six
theoxeny: Alternative form of theoxenia
beardism: Prejudice against bearded people.
beardism: The period during which one has a beard.
beardism: Support for beards; a favourable opinion of beards.
flattage: flats, taken as a whole
sick bag: Alternative form of sickbag
Masonite: Alternative letter-case form of masonite
upcasing: The act of converting all letters to be uppercase.
job fair: An event organised for employers, recruiters and schools to meet with prospective jobseekers.
dyscoria: An abnormality in the shape of the pupil of the eye
edaphism: edaphology
hydrarg.: Abbreviation of hydrargyrum.
evorsion: The formation of niches or potholes by erosion due to vortices of water
ducatone: Alternative form of ducaton
Lillooet: A member of an Interior Salish people located in the southern Coast Mountains and Fraser Canyon region of the Interior of the Canadian province of British Columbia.
skittler: One who plays the game of skittles.
slimdown: A period of weight loss.
slimdown: A downsizing.
katajjaq: An Inuit form of throat singing, traditionally performed by two women competing to see who can outlast the other.
feliform: Any carnivore of the suborder Feliformia, which are regarded as cat-like.
Hindutva: A member of a Hindutva group or a supporter of Hindutva.
fat lava: A style of gaudy, vibrant, pottery decoration, common in West Germany from the 1950s to the 1970s.
fat lava: Any pottery item of this style.
manorway: A roadway, typically a dead end, giving access from a manor or village to marshy common land, often near a river.
gonalgia: Any painful condition in the knee.
slugline: Alternative form of slug line
germling: the organism produced by germination of an algal or fungal spore, but especially an immature gametophyte produced by the germination of a tetraspore.
flatwood: A type of upland soil that has impaired drainage
mindware: The mental knowledge and procedures that a person uses to solve problems or make decisions.
isegoria: equality of all in freedom of speech
jivadaya: kindness to animals (or to all living things)
vactrain: A theoretical maglev running in vacuum tunnels.
ecocrazy: A fanatical environmentalist.
macarism: happiness as a result of praise
macarism: beatitude
dogpiler: One who dogpiles; one of a group of posters who pile on another in criticism.
mallgoth: Originally (derogatory), an inauthentic or trendy goth; now, a person who dresses in goth-inspired clothes, is interested in industrial metal and nu metal music, etc.
mallgoth: The culture or fashion style adopted by such a person.
malignin: A recognin found in most malignant cancer cells.
recognin: Any of a group of polypeptide antigens (protein fragments), produced from cancer cells, that are capable of recognizing some other specific types of cell
Mandaite: A Mandaean.
underlap: A portion of material that is overlapped by another.
selacian: Alternative form of selachian
hematine: An artificial magnetic material, a barium-strontium ferrite, used in jewellery.
orbiform: A plane for which the distance between the points of contact of two nonequal parallel tangents at a circle is the same everywhere.
air sock: Synonym of windsock
partword: A partial word; an utterance consisting of only part of a word.
inkprint: Ordinary ink printing, when contrasted with braille.
bean pie: A sweet custard pie whose filling consists of mashed beans (usually navy beans), sugar, butter, milk, and spices.
nonother: One who is not an other (an alien or outsider).
oofamily: An ootaxon, equivalent to a family, used to classify fossilised dinosaur eggs
beniseed: sesame (Sesamum radiatum)
octaheme: Eight heme groups in a hemoprotein
Manxness: The quality of being Manx.
red pine: Pinus resinosa, native to cool temperate eastern North America.
ephectic: One who suspends judgement.
megasome: A large lysosome
cat café: A café that has domestic cats for the clientele to interact with.
minarchy: Government with the least necessary power over its citizens.
chusquea: Any of the genus Chusquea of evergreen bamboos, mostly native to mountain sites in Central and South America.
Nasorean: Alternative form of Nazarene
halpenns: Obsolete form of halfpence
cucujoid: Any beetle of the superfamily Cucujoidea.
huangjiu: A class of Chinese alcoholic beverages made from fermented grains including rice, millet, and wheat, typically 10–20% alcohol by volume.
Jehovian: A Jehovah's Witness.
crotoxin: A cytotoxic polypeptide complex isolated from the venom of a pit viper Crotalus durissus
paganess: female pagan
ironness: Quality of being iron.
xerocopy: A xerographic copy.
Abodrite: Alternative form of Obotrite
Obodrite: Alternative form of Obotrite
Abotrite: Alternative form of Obotrite
subvoxel: Part of a voxel
Obotrite: Member of a confederation of medieval West Slavic tribes within the territory of modern Mecklenburg and Holstein in northern Germany.
Mexicoke: Alternative letter-case form of MexiCoke
MexiCoke: Mexican Coke.
upseller: Agent noun of upsell: one who upsells.
fatstock: Fattened livestock.
baseword: A word used as a base, to whose stem affixes are added, forming new words.
gonarcus: An arched structure that is a principal feature of the male genitalia of some insects.
cokstele: A weighted stick thrown at a cock in the blood sport of cock throwing.
visfatin: An adipocyte hormone associated with diabetes mellitus
valvifer: Any of the basal plates of an insect's ovipositor that arise from the eighth and ninth abdominal segments
Grenadan: Alternative form of Grenadian
intasome: A nucleoprotein complex active in integration of DNA from a bacteriophage into a host.
octopine: An analog of lactic acid, derived from the amino acids arginine and alanine, first isolated from the muscle tissue of octopus species.
verbness: Quality of being a verb.
nounness: Quality of being a noun.
Apachean: Any of these people.
myospasm: A sudden, involuntary spasmodic contraction of a muscle
mostness: Quality of being most.
carthoun: A type of early cannon.
myovirus: Any virus (bacteriophage) of the family Myoviridae
Elunchun: Alternative form of Oroqen
punyness: Alternative form of puniness
rifeness: Quality of being rife.
Shugnani: Alternative form of Shughni
Web site: Alternative form of web site
molecula: A molecule; a small particle of something.
soonness: The quality of being soon.
Woleaian: A native or inhabitant of Woleai.
B. A. S.: Alternative form of BAS
M. A. S.: Alternative form of MAS
birotula: A microsclere that has a straight shaft and umbrella-shaped ends
withness: The quality of being or doing with something.
fuzztone: A fuzzy distortion effect sometimes used in rock music.
sliothar: Alternative spelling of sliotar
nongrain: That which is not grain; a food product not categorised as a grain.
pony car: An affordable, compact, highly styled car with a sporty or performance-oriented image.
consomic: Such an organism
chaoptin: A photoreceptor cell-specific membrane glycoprotein
garcinol: A polyisoprenylated benzophenone derivative, isolated from Garcinia indica, that is a potent inhibitor of histone acetyltransferases
transsex: Transsexuality, transsexualism; the state of being transsexual. (Compare transgender.)
deadcart: A cart for transporting the bodies of the dead in times of plague.
hey Rube: Alternative letter-case form of hey rube
flowline: A large-diameter pipe that carries oil from the seabed to a drilling rig.
Utonagan: A large dog of a breed resembling wolves, bred from the Alaskan Malamute, Siberian Husky, and German Shepherd, and related to the Northern Inuit Dog.
Yorkipoo: A small dog, crossbred from a Yorkshire Terrier and poodle, or descendant of such a dog.
king-hit: A powerful punch; a knockout blow.
physible: A data object that is capable of being manufactured as a physical object using an additive manufacturing process such as with a 3D printer.
passback: The circumvention of an access restriction to a physical site by passing one's access card to another person after having entered.
sandrail: Alternative form of sand rail
cryotube: A plastic sample-tube that is able to stand very low temperatures
skitrack: Alternative form of ski track (a trail left by a pair of skis, or one artificially created for the purpose of skiing on).
bellwork: Alternative form of bell work
neomelia: The rearing of offspring by animals
mitotype: A mitochondrial haplotype
prostane: The alicyclic hydrocarbon 1-heptyl-2-octylcyclopentane or any of its derivatives
prostane: A herbal remedy made from a mixture of Tribulus terrestris, Areca catechu, Pedalium murex, Caesalpinia bonducella and Asparagus racemosus
jobshare: A work arrangement where the functions of a single job are fulfilled by two or more people who work at different times.
mimotope: Any biological macromolecule (especially a peptide) that mimics an epitope
mihirung: A bird of the family Dromornithidae, which became extinct in Australia 20,000 to 50,000 years ago.
savasana: Alternative form of shavasana
forecoxa: The foremost lobe of the coxa in some arthropod legs
barcoder: A barcode printer.
barcoder: A barcode scanner.
totative: A positive integer that is smaller than or equal to, and coprime to, another given positive integer.
thuggism: The violent acts of the thuggee.
makeline: A production line for assembling pizza.
notornis: The takahe, Porphyrio mantelli, a flightless rail native to New Zealand.
aerarian: An aerarius; the lowest class of citizen in Ancient Rome.
dopeness: The characteristic of being dope (great, extraordinary).
scalyfin: Any member of the genus Parma of damselfishes.
lyretail: Any of various fishes whose tails resemble a lyre (musical instrument).
jam drop: A small shortbread biscuit with a small amount of red jam in the centre.
gekkotan: Any member of the Gekkota infraorder of reptiles, the geckos.
box calf: A type of chromium-tanned calfskin leather with a regular grain of rectangular lines.
box-calf: Alternative form of box calf
mankinde: Obsolete form of mankind.
pullicat: A kind of silk produced in India.
babygirl: A male fictional character or celebrity of whom one is extremely fond, especially a "bad boy" type reinterpreted as adorable, quirky, or secretly soft-hearted.
babygirl: Alternative form of baby girl (“a friendly or intimate term of address for a woman”)
codebtor: One of a group of people who are jointly responsible for a debt.
sit bone: Either of the two ischial tuberosities.
chatmate: A friend or acquaintance through Internet chat.
toe pick: Any of a set of large, jagged teeth on the front of the blade of a figure skate, used primarily in jumping and footwork.
tryptose: A mixed enzymatic hydrolysate of protein used in preparing microbiological culture media.
b*llshit: Misspelling of bullsh*t.
calidrid: Any wader of the genus Calidris
flip cup: A team-based drinking game in which players attempt to flip the cup after drinking so that it lands with its rim downward.
lophenol: The sterol 4-methylcholest-7-en-3-ol
pimpness: The state, condition, or quality of being a pimp.
banthine: Synonym of methantheline
keelback: Any of various colubrid snakes of the subfamily Natricinae, whose dorsal scales exhibit strong keeling.
daktarin: Synonym of miconazole
cuprofen: A mixture of codeine and ibuprofen used as an analgesic
epanutin: Synonym of phenytoin
enantate: Misspelling of enanthate.
mudsnake: A snak of species Farancia abacura of non-venomous semi-aquatic colubrid snakes endemic to the southeastern United States.
mudsnake: A Indo-Australian water snake, bockadam, of family Homalopsidae.
pimphood: The condition, quality, or office of a pimp; pimpness.
sly-grog: A place illegally selling alcohol without a license, or outside of licensed hours.
autocyst: A single-layered cyst.
encloser: Someone who appropriates common land.
encloser: More generally, someone or something that encloses something.
encloser: An object, procedure, or other portion of code that defines the scope of a variable.
ropeyarn: Alternative form of rope yarn
boatshed: Alternative form of boat shed
ranelate: Any salt or ester of ranelic acid
frangula: The bark of Rhamnus frangula used as a laxative or cathartic
glargine: Ellipsis of insulin glargine.
isophane: A synthetic form of insulin used to treat diabetes.
isophane: A line drawn on a map through points where a given seasonal biological event occurs on the same date.
boilover: A hazardous situation where an attempt is made to extinguish semi-enclosed oil- or petrochemical-fuelled fire with water, generating steam which propels the burning fuel outwards.
batucada: A style of repetitive, fast-paced percussive samba.
batucada: A musical piece composed in this style.
boxelder: Alternative form of box elder
Dahurian: Alternative form of Daurian
transguy: Alternative spelling of trans guy
isoscape: The geographic distribution of isotope ratios.
satyrisk: A little satyr.
stepwell: A well in which the water can be reached by descending a set of steps.
chivache: Archaic form of chevauchee.
chevache: Archaic form of chevauchee.
vampette: A young female vampire.
vampette: An attractive and popular young woman.
vampette: A female fan of the pop group The Vamps.
plantane: Obsolete spelling of plantain
Mahdavia: An Islamic sect that considers Muhammad Jaunpuri to have been the Mahdi.
Dogberry: A pompous, foolish or self-important official.
typesite: Alternative form of type site
sidepost: A vertical supporting post beside a door, gate, etc.
bluebuck: An extinct mammal, †Hippotragus leucophaeus, the first large African mammal to become extinct in historical times (circa 1800).
bluebuck: The nilgai.
sawn-off: A sawn-off shotgun.
craftist: A craftsperson.
endolith: An organism (generally a small or micro-organism) living inside rocks.
abgoosht: Alternative form of abgusht
tippytoe: Alternative form of tiptoe
spantide: Any of a family of oligopeptides used as tachykinin antagonists
cosseter: One who cossets.
try cock: A cock (valve) for withdrawing a small quantity of liquid, for example for testing.
bassboat: Alternative form of bass boat
safe hit: base hit
cryotome: A form of microtome that operates on frozen tissues
greymail: Alternative form of graymail
seedcoat: Alternative form of seed coat
mash tun: An insulated vessel used in making the mashing process in which grains and water are mixed and heated to produce wort prior to fermentation.
kinghead: Ambrosia trifida, a form of ragweed.
beebrush: Any of the genus Aloysia of flowering plants in the verbena family.
austrium: A supposed chemical element proposed by Eduard Linnemann in 1886, later found to be gallium.
shinleaf: A perennial ericaceous herb (Pyrola elliptica) with a cluster of radical leaves and a raceme of greenish-white flowers.
charnico: Alternative form of charneco
nudeness: Synonym of nudity.
beef tea: A strong beef broth.
beef tea: Bovril diluted with hot water or milk.
orgonite: A mixture of fiberglass resin, metal shavings, quartz, etc., supposed to convert negative energy into positive.
duck ant: A white termite of Jamaica, of species Nasutitermes nigriceps, which builds large nests in trees.
pelt rot: A disease affecting the hair or wool of an animal.
camwheel: A wheel with one or more projections (cams) or depressions upon its periphery or upon its face, one which is set or shaped eccentrically, so that its revolutions impart a varied, reciprocating, or intermittent motion.
podology: podiatry, chiropody
tamalera: A person or factory that makes tamales.
tamalera: A tamale seller.
bait bug: A crustacean of the genus Hippa found burrowing in sandy beaches.
flip dog: A heated iron used to warm flip (the drink).
flip dog: A backbend in which the body is supported by one arm and one leg, usually entered from either a side plank pose or from downward-facing dog.
ursolate: A salt or ester of ursolic acid.
reguarde: Obsolete form of regard.
ant rice: Grass, of species Aristida oligantha, cultivated by the agricultural ants of Texas for the sake of its seed.
gag rein: A rein for drawing the bit upward in the horse's mouth.
troilist: A participant in a sexual threesome.
Abidjani: A person from Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.
metapoem: A work of metapoetry; a poem about poetry.
Tijuanan: A person from Tijuana.
Leidener: A native or inhabitant of Leiden, Netherlands.
floe rat: The ringed seal (animal).
clap net: A net for catching birds or insects, which can be drawn closed by pulling a string.
ice beer: A pale lager beer which has undergone some degree of fractional freezing, similar to the German Eisbock.
hawk boy: A plasterer's (male) attendant who supplied him with mortar.
aerovane: An anemometer that combines a propeller and a tail on the same axis to measure wind speed and direction.
airphone: An air-to-ground telephone service for passengers on airline flights.
Eurobeat: European dance music derived from Italo disco.
neverwet: Orontium aquaticum, a flowering plant.
maskandi: Alternative form of maskanda
tadasana: A position in which one stands straight upright with feet together and hands by one's sides.
yoke elm: A European hornbeam (Carpinus betulus), a small tree with tough wood.
yoke elm: A Himalayan hornbeam (Carpinus vimineus).
yoke elm: The wood from these trees.
microrad: A unit of radiation equal to one millionth of a rad.
scrunchi: Alternative form of scrunchie
pædiatry: Obsolete spelling of paediatry
pediatry: Alternative spelling of paediatry; alternative form of pediatrics.
sun cure: A medical cure or programme of recovery involving exposure to sunlight.
nose cap: A protective cap on the end of a gunstock.
nose cap: The protective covering on the end of an aircraft fuselage.
nose cap: The nose cone of a missile or shell, often containing explosives or a timer.
fat lute: A mixture of pipeclay and oil for filling joints.
myosmine: An alkaloid, related to nicotine, found in tobacco and other plants.
nitgrass: Gastridium ventricosum, a European annual grass bearing a long, thin, smooth inflorescence of spikelets.
deiodase: An enzyme that catalyses the removal of iodine from iodothyronine; its deficiency causes goitre
petromax: A kind of pressurized paraffin lamp that uses a mantle.
mudscape: A landscape dominated by mud.
Peshwari: A person from Peshawar in Pakistan.
geekhood: The quality of being a geek; geekiness.
geekhood: The world or sphere of geeks.
diselane: The binary compound of hydrogen and selenium H-Se-Se-H analogous to hydrogen peroxide
diselane: Any organic derivative R-Se-Se-R' of this compound
geekfest: An event or situation that is very geeky.
Aquariid: A meteor in any of several meteor showers whose radiant appears to lie in the constellation Aquarius.
mudprawn: Upogebia africana, a shrimp endemic to South Africa.
copylore: Synonym of photocopylore (“a kind of folklore comprising humorous material and urban legends that are reproduced on photocopiers”).
kachauri: Alternative form of kachori
Nixonism: The policies of Richard Nixon (1913–1994), 37th president of the United States, serving from 1969 to 1974.
pianoing: Playing the piano.
pianoing: A compulsive raising and lowering movement of the fingers.
fattener: One who, or that which, fattens.
mescalin: Alternative form of mescaline
ring gag: A gag with a hollow ring that holds the mouth open.
gal-iron: Galvanized iron.
rabbit-o: Someone who sells rabbits for food, especially an itinerant salesman.
bonsella: In a transaction, something extra on the side.
bonsella: A tip or gratuity.
bonsella: A handout.
bonsella: A bribe.
cudgerie: A tall rainforest tree of eastern Australia (Sloanea australis: Oxalidales).
cudgerie: silver ash, bumpy ash (Flindersia schottiana), a tree of Queensland.
Selenite: An inhabitant of the Moon.
memapsin: membrane-associated aspartic protease
Hesperid: any one of the Hesperides
kafenion: Alternative form of kafenio
kafeneio: Alternative form of kafenio
cat bird: Alternative form of catbird
Jucheist: An adherent of Juche.
futurama: A palpable depiction of a (usually sensational) vision of the future.
Eusebius: One who is comparable to Eusebius of Caesarea; an ecclesiastic historian.
Eusebius: A thorough ecclesiastic history.
superpod: A very large pod of dolphins.
nymphing: fly fishing using a nymph
dunnycan: Alternative form of dunny can
ecospeak: A form of language used for discussing environmental and ecological issues.
carbowax: A solution of polyethylene glycol
sexploit: A sexual exploit.
idiomere: chromomere
catalufa: Any of three priacanthid fish: Heteropriacanthus cruentatus, Priacanthus arenatus, and Pristigenys serrula.
HIV/AIDS: HIV and AIDS, considered as a whole.
moribana: A basic structure in ikebana (Japanese flower arranging), where the flowers are arranged in a shallow container.
roseness: The quality of being a rose (type of flower).
roseness: The property of being a rose comb.
moronism: The condition of being a moron (person of borderline intelligence).
Talavera: A kind of Spanish and Mexican majolica pottery with a milky-white glaze.
dunnyman: Alternative form of dunny man
hard war: A style of warfare that involves inflicting harm on civilians and destroying foodstuffs.
foodfest: An event where plenty of food is available.
bioglass: bioactive glass
biowaste: waste of a biological nature
Welshism: A characteristically Welsh phrase, idiom, etc.
angledog: An earthworm.
babakoto: A kind of large lemur, the indri (Indri indri).
babystay: A stay just forward of the mast, used to support the mast.
autohelm: Equipment used on ships and boats to maintain a chosen course without constant human action.
autocoup: A coup d'état in which a nation's leader, despite having come to power through legal means, dissolves or renders powerless the national legislature and unlawfully assumes extraordinary powers.
cryonaut: One whose body is preserved by cryonics.
autozero: autozeroing
oogoniol: A particular fungal sex hormone.
dolthood: The quality of being a dolt or fool.
greenage: greenery; plants generally
babykins: Fond term of address for a baby, child, lover, or spouse.
Nikonian: A follower of the main current of the Russian Orthodox Church, which accepted the reforms undertaken during the reign of Patriarch Nikon.
smoke-oh: Alternative form of smoko
greenbul: Any of various birds in the bulbul family Pycnonotidae.
modiolid: Any in the genus Modiolus of mussels.
Mobutism: The official party ideology of the Popular Movement of the Revolution, based on the thoughts, visions, and policies of Zairean president Mobutu Sese Seko.
Mobutist: A supporter of Mobutism.
Norplant: A form of birth control consisting of levonorgestrel capsules implanted under the skin.
Meletian: A member of a large group of denominations in early Christian history.
pandoura: Alternative form of pandura
soapweed: The plant Yucca elata.
icy pole: ice lolly; popsicle
micropig: A miniature breed of pig.
palmella: A soaptree (Yucca elata), of the arid southwestern and south-central US and northern Mexico.
palmella: A colony, or an individual cell within a colony, of immobile, asexually reproducing green algae, formed in response to adverse conditions such as desiccation.
soaptree: The plant Yucca elata, which has a substance in its roots and trunk rich in saponins.
Amy-John: A dominant or butch lesbian.
eye-ball: Obsolete spelling of eyeball
supercut: A montage of short video clips, usually from a film or TV series, illustrating a particular repeated element such as a word or phrase.
ringbang: A Caribbean fusion of music genres with an associated philosophy and aesthetic based on communication.
emmeleia: A tragic dance in Ancient Greek theatre.
pandesal: A kind of bread roll, popular in the Philippines.
parleyer: One who parleys.
mail-box: Alternative form of mailbox
underpad: A mattress protector.
underpad: A padding layer underneath a carpet to prevent skidding.
Powhatan: A member of a Native American confederation of tribes in Virginia.
Aspiedom: The state or quality of being an Aspie.
sea-puss: Alternative form of sea puss
haywagon: Alternative spelling of hay wagon
isogoria: Equality of freedom of speech and expression; the right of each citizen of a city (or other unit) to speak in public and address that city.
fatphobe: A person who worries excessively about the fat content of their food.
fatphobe: One who has a negative perception of fat people and/or obesity.
ballrace: A friction-reducing device consisting of a ring containing freely-revolving ball bearings
Jane Roe: Female equivalent of Richard Roe.
bodywear: Lightweight, close-fitting clothing, such as leotards or bodysuits, worn for exercising, dancing, or leisure activity.
hederate: Any salt of hederic acid, an organic compound first extracted from ivy seeds, now called hederagenin.
throwout: A folded sheet that opens out to one side; half a gatefold.
throwout: One who has been rejected by society; an outcast.
throwout: A practice to avoid untaxed nowhere income by instead assuming the untaxed transaction is taxed in the originating state in a notional proportion to other taxable transactions.
ziziphin: A triterpene glycoside which exhibits taste-modifying properties, isolated from the leaves of Ziziphus jujuba.
oleanane: A natural triterpene forming the central core for a wide variety of chemical compounds in flowering plants
vanbrace: Alternative form of vambrace
acanthin: strontium sulfate, the main constituent of the skeletons of the Acantharea
Merarite: A member of one of the four main divisions among the Levites in Biblical times, supposed to have had the care of the framework (posts, crossbars, courtyard, tent pegs, etc.) of the sanctuary.
autokill: A software setting that automatically disconnects a user whenever he/she attempts to connect.
nasbandi: sterilization: vasectomy or tubal ligation
powerbox: Alternative form of power box
postroom: mailroom
abhyanga: A form of Ayurvedic medicine that involves massage of the body with warm oil.
mohassil: Alternative form of muhassil
muhassil: A senior public official under the Ottoman Empire charged with tax collection.
riverway: The segment of a river or route on a river which is traversed by watercraft.
pentanal: An alkyl aldehyde with molecular formula C₅H₁₀O, used in flavourings, resin chemistry, and rubber accelerators.
roboteer: One who operates a robot.
roboteer: One who takes an interest in robotics.
Aachener: A native or inhabitant of Aachen, Germany.
marveler: US spelling of marveller
chasings: A children's chasing game with multiple players in which one person runs after other players attempting to catch or touch them; a player caught then becomes the new chaser.
minimoon: A brief honeymoon or holiday taken after a wedding.
minimoon: A small asteroid captured by the Earth's gravity and temporarily acting as a second moon of Earth.
minimoon: Synonym of micromoon (“a full moon which appears unusually small due to coinciding with the Moon's apogee”)
physalin: A steroidal lactone found in Physalis species.
acnistin: A steroidal lactone found in Acnistus species.
off-note: the state of being out of key
Yorubian: A Yoruban.
Cererean: Alternative form of Cererian
navalist: An advocate of the navy or of naval power.
abiology: The sciences, such as geology and astronomy, that collectively deal with inorganic or lifeless bodies.
calanthe: Any plant of the genus Calanthe.
plasteel: A fictional durable substance.
plasteel: A composite of fiberglass and steel patented by automobile manufacturer Gurgel.
Nottoway: A member of an Iroquoian-speaking tribe of Virginia Native Americans.
tabebuia: Any of the plants in the genus Tabebuia.
nagewaza: throwing technique in judo
ovangkol: The dense wood of the African evergreen tree Guibourtia ehie.
R-module: The monoid action of a ring R on an abelian group.
politruk: A supervisory political officer responsible for ideological education and organization; political commissar
lekythos: A pottery flask with a narrow neck, used in Ancient Greece for storing oil.
birdkind: All birds, considered as a group.
mudslime: A Muslim.
climaxer: One who achieves an orgasm.
climaxer: A sex toy.
mommetry: Archaic form of mammetry.
maumetry: Archaic form of mammetry.
linkbait: Alternative form of link bait
talk box: An effects unit that allows musicians to modify the sound of a musical instrument.
leaguist: A member or supporter of a league.
Portosan: A portable toilet.
porketta: Alternative form of porchetta
databack: A mechanism for imprinting the date and time onto film.
goelette: A schooner.
moharrir: Alternative form of mohurrer
mizutaki: A Japanese chicken hot pot.
mom cave: A part of a home, typically a room, reserved specifically for a mother, in which she can relax and pursue her interests away from her family.
freakdom: The state or quality of being freakish, strange, or bizarre.
mantuary: A part of a home specifically reserved for adult male activities, such as drinking beer, playing games and watching TV; often a garage or den.
spinback: A disc jockey's technique of suddenly playing a section of a record in reverse.
routeway: A way along which a route can be followed; a road or path.
pet cone: An Elizabethan collar.
E-collar: An Elizabethan collar (protective device worn by animal).
zuihitsu: A Japanese literature genre consisting of loosely connected essays and fragmented ideas
Romaniot: Alternative form of Romaniote
Ainuness: The quality of being Ainu.
juvenoid: A juvenile hormone analogue.
ecdysoid: A moulting hormone analogue.
milkwood: Any of a number of trees with milky sap:
milkwood: Sideroxylon inermis, the white milkwood
milkwood: Any of a number of trees with milky sap:
milkwood: Mimusops zeyheri, the Transvaal red milkwood.
milkwood: Any of a number of trees with milky sap:
milkwood: Alstonia scholaris (scholar tree, milky pine), and other species in the genus Alstonia.
milkwood: Any of a number of trees with milky sap:
milkwood: Trimeris scaevolifolia, a tree endemic to the Atlantic island of St. Helena.
milkwood: Any of a number of trees with milky sap:
milkwood: Many species of the genus Tabernaemontana, that are native to the Americas.
macehead: Alternative form of mace head
adultoid: A premature adult form of an insect.
adultoid: An adolescent who engages in activities that symbolize adult status.
Nunamiut: A member of a seminomadic inland people of northern and northwestern Alaska.
deuotion: obsolete typography of devotion
kalamata: kalamata olive
keepy-up: keepie-uppie
eddyline: The outline of an eddy, where it joins the main current.
neckdown: An angled narrowing of the roadway and widening of the pavement, used as a traffic calming measure.
playspot: Part of a river where playboating is performed.
playboat: A canoe or kayak designed for playboating.
mintbush: Any of various bushy evergreen shrubs of the genus Prostanthera, usually with strongly aromatic leaves.
satinash: Any of various plants of the genus Syzygium.
dykehood: The state or sphere of dykes, or lesbians.
homeport: The port where a vessel is based (not necessarily the one where it is registered).
macleaya: Any member of the genus Macleaya of flowering plants in the poppy family, native to China and Japan.
mad itch: pseudorabies in cattle
Titanean: An inhabitant of Titan (the Saturnian moon)
chevener: A person who embroidered hosiery
bagmaker: A manufacturer of bags.
malatang: A hot, spicy soup of meat and vegetables, commonly eaten as a street food in China.
popcycle: Misspelling of popsicle.
exersize: Misspelling of exercise.
norimono: Alternative form of norimon
tail-gut: Alternative form of tailgut
tail gut: Alternative form of tailgut
Macaoese: A person from Macao or of Macao descent.
windflaw: A sudden, strong current of wind; flaw.
firestep: Alternative form of fire step
isogesis: Misspelling of eisegesis.
Mihanere: A convert to Christianity.
minipill: A contraceptive pill containing only synthetic progestogens (progestins), not estrogen.
Meritage: A red or white Bordeaux-style wine, usually from the United States.
minakari: A type of enamelwork Indian jewellery, especially champlevé.
muqallid: One who follows taqlid.
fire bay: A trench, or section of a trench, with a concealed parapet from which soldiers can fire on the enemy.
papirosa: A style of Russian filterless cigarette.
nap sack: Misspelling of knapsack.
chessnut: Pronunciation spelling of chestnut.
terabaud: 10¹² baud
Aga Khan: The leader of the Nizari Ismailis.
mizenkei: The irrealis in Japanese.
governee: A constituent of a phrase that is governed by another.
tournsol: A violet-blue dye got from the plant Chrozophora tinctoria
homaloid: An element of a homaloidal system, in particular the image of a hyperplane under a Cremona transformation.
birdness: The quality of being a bird.
flecnode: A double point that is also a point of inflexion of one branch.
PE ratio: Abbreviation of price-earnings ratio.
furisode: A style of colourful silk kimono distinguishable by its long sleeves, associated with the formal celebration of Coming of Age Day by a young woman reaching the age of 20.
skipload: Enough to fill a skip (rubbish container).
Euromyth: A commonly-held false belief about the European Commission or European Union.
lexifier: The language of a pidgin or creole that serves as the basis for most of its vocabulary.
Afrasian: A person who comes from a region where Afroasiatic languages are spoken.
surfwear: Clothing to be worn while surfing.
previvor: An unaffected carrier of cancer, who has not been diagnosed with it but has survived the predisposition, or higher risk, due to certain genetic mutations.
metatuff: metamorphosed tuff
Aethiope: Obsolete form of Ethiop.
mitgehen: An extreme form of mitmachen, where very slight pressure exerted on a body will cause a movement in any direction.
lagopode: A ptarmigan.
partibus: A note in the margin of a summons, giving the name and designation of the pursuer.
cyanelle: A kind of chloroplast found in glaucophytes.
Meherrin: A member of a group of Native Americans of rural northeastern North Carolina.
melkhout: The milkwood tree.
acalypha: Any plant of the genus Acalypha of flowering plants, found in tropical and subtropical environments.
hotchiku: An end-blown vertical bamboo flute used in traditional Japanese music, similar to the shakuhachi.
rolliche: A kind of Dutch sausage, made in a bag of tripe, sliced and fried, famous among the Dutch of New Amsterdam and still known, especially in New Jersey.
speciesm: Alternative form of speciesism
poli sci: Clipping of political science.
deerness: The state or quality of being a deer.
lakeness: The state or quality of being a lake.
rockness: The essence of what it means to be a rock; the qualities that make a rock what it is.
rockness: The quality of music being rock music, or generally "rocking" (being excitingly good).
Española: A Spanish woman.
dun crow: hooded crow
gyle tan: A large vat in which wort ferments as part of brewing.
carlicue: Obsolete form of curlicue.
obscurin: A protein in humans, related to titin and nebulin.
embarker: One who embarks.
feygeleh: Alternative spelling of feygele
graphlet: A small, connected, non-isomorphic, induced subgraph of a large network
typeball: A ball in a typewriter or early printer that bears the physical characters on its surface and is moved mechanically in order to print them onto the page.
lamajoun: Alternative spelling of lahmajoun
atrogene: Any gene that has an influence on atrophy of muscle tissue.
lahmajun: Alternative spelling of lahmajoun
isodonty: The condition of being isodont
mesosaur: Any of a group of small aquatic reptiles, from the early Permian period, of the order Mesosauria.
lamajoon: Alternative spelling of lahmajoun
footgolf: A variant of golf in which players attempt to kick a football (“soccer ball”) into a depressed cup set into the turf.
fakebook: Alternative form of fake book
slamball: A variety of basketball in which trampolines are positioned in front of each net.
dogecoin: A cryptocurrency featuring the Shiba Inu from the "doge" meme as its logo.
dogecoin: A unit of this currency. Symbols: Ð, DOGE.
pushwall: A wall that moves or triggers some other action when the player character pushes against it.
kicktail: The upwards-bent tip of the deck of a skateboard.
trainset: A locomotive and carriages coupled together to form a unified set of equipment.
trainset: a self-propelled electric or diesel multiple unit, consisting of a fixed number of permanently coupled passenger vehicles.
backbore: The section between the throat and shank of the mouthpiece of a brass instrument.
sticklac: Lac in its natural state, as secreted by an insect and encrusting small twigs.
liftline: A line or queue where people wait for a ski lift.
bat tick: A wingless dipterous insect of the genus Nycteribia, parasitic on bats.
pantropy: The process of adapting humans through genetic and/or cybernetic means to thrive in environments otherwise inhospitable to them, such as outer space, the deep sea or other planets.
piedfort: An unusually thick coin, often exactly twice the normal weight and thickness of other coins.
tin pest: An autocatalytic transformation of tin into a different allotrope that causes tin objects to become brittle and flaky. The phase transition conversion of β-tin (white tin) into α-tin (gray tin/grey tin).
Gerasene: A native or inhabitant of Gerasa.
war hawk: A proponent of war or military intrusiveness.
war hawk: An eagle.
baitwell: A water-filled container for preserving live bait until needed.
geneflow: The transfer of alleles or genes between populations
bedstand: nightstand
cookfire: A fire used for cooking food.
gunsmoke: Smoke produced by the firing of a gun.
moonglow: moonlight
kneehigh: Alternative form of knee-high
semidark: semidarkness
kneesock: Alternative form of knee sock
godsakes: Alternative letter-case form of Godsakes
snakepit: Alternative form of snake pit
roundeye: A Westerner (from the purported point of view of an Asian or other person with naturally narrower eyes).
dustball: A ball of dust.
dustball: A ball of grain-dust formed in the intestine of a diseased horse.
woodyard: A yard where wood is stored and processed.
footrail: A rail serving as a support for the foot.
sideslip: A flight manoeuvre that uses opposing rudder and aileron inputs to move the aircraft sideways without turning it.
sideslip: A flight manoeuvre that uses opposing rudder and aileron inputs to move the aircraft sideways without turning it.
sideslip: A flight maneuver to rapidly lose speed and/or altitude whilst not altering the aircraft's ground track.
sideslip: A flight condition where an aircraft's longitudinal axis is not aligned with its direction of motion relative to the surrounding air.
sideslip: The angle between an aircraft's longitudinal axis and its direction of motion relative to the surrounding air.
moneybox: Alternative form of money box
knothead: A stupid or stubborn person.
subchief: A lesser or secondary chief.
roofbeam: Any of the beams that form a roof.
grandpop: grandfather
plyboard: A material made from wooden boards glued together.
bootsole: sole of a boot
woodfire: A fire that uses wood for fuel.
sweetums: Affectionate term of address for a pet, child, etc.
midwatch: A watch kept from midnight until four o'clock in the morning.
junkshop: A shop selling miscellaneous items of questionable value.
hairclip: Alternative spelling of hair clip.
highback: Part of a boot binding that extends from the back of the foot to cover the lower leg.
coaldust: The dust of coal.
foreclaw: A front claw.
tapwater: Alternative form of tap water
workshed: A shed where work is carried out.
resevoir: Misspelling of reservoir.
zetabyte: Misspelling of zettabyte.
waterbag: A bag for carrying water.
waterbag: The bag-like compartment in a camel's hump in which the animal was once believed to store water; in fact it is fatty tissue.
oneliner: Alternative form of one-liner
foregrip: A pistol grip-type forestock on the front of a firearm that improves handling characteristics, counters the effects of recoil, and is cooler to the touch than a standard forestock.
hardpack: A material (such as dirt, gravel, or snow) compressed into a hard, smooth surface for roads etc.
hardpack: A hard package, especially of cigarettes.
dualling: The conversion of a road into a dual carriageway
aircover: Alternative form of air cover.
fireteam: A small unit of infantry.
thusness: The state of things being as they are.
dustheap: A pile of rubbish.
loghouse: Synonym of log cabin
grandpaw: grandfather
crosstie: Alternative form of cross-tie
sextette: Dated form of sextet.
grandmaw: grandmother
soapdish: Alternative form of soap dish
copytext: An edited copy of an original text.
vagabone: Archaic form of vagabond.
sonarman: One who operates and repairs sonar equipment.
datalink: The protocol layer that transfers data between adjacent network nodes in a wide area network or between nodes on the same local area network segment.
fold net: A kind of net set up on the ground, used to catch birds, rabbits etc..
downness: The property of being a down quark.
downness: The quality or state of being physically down.
downness: Lowness of pitch or tone.
downness: The quality or state of being low in a social hierarchy; lowliness.
downness: The state of having a low or disparaging mood; a feeling of depression, helplessness, or dislike.
meronomy: A hierarchy that deals with part–whole relationships rather than the discrete sets of a taxonomy.
Basilian: a member of any of the religious orders tracing their origin to Saint Basil the Great
mud cake: A Mississippi mud pie.
odograph: odometer
ozenbrig: A tough, coarse linen woven in Osnabrück, Westphalia.
viewbook: An illustrated promotional booklet for an academic institution.
admittee: One who is admitted.
allotone: Any of the pitch allophones of a pitch phoneme.
violotta: A kind of tenor viola or tenor violin tuned an octave below the violin.
freespin: Alternative spelling of free spin
recordee: One who is recorded.
dog park: An enclosed area for domesticated dogs to play, frolic, and socialize with other dogs, typically without a leash or supervision.
wirewrap: Alternative form of wire wrap
mazework: A labyrinthine structure.
glampire: a glamorous or beautiful vampire; a person who pretends to be a vampire
fauxgasm: A simulated orgasm.
fur farm: A farm where fur-bearing animals, such as mink, are raised.
samesies: The same.
melanoid: Synonym of melanoidin
anti-fan: A person who dislikes something (generally a creative work, fictional character, or person), but is still interested in it, devoting time to mocking or criticizing it.
Kerryman: A man from Kerry, Ireland.
fagazine: A magazine which focuses on gay issues and interests.
Sligoman: A man from Sligo, Ireland
conceipt: Obsolete form of conceit.
submaxim: A maxim making up part of a greater maxim.
quadbike: Alternative form of quad bike
lizardry: The state or quality of being a lizard.
cenobium: Alternative spelling of coenobium
atizoram: A particular phosphodiesterase inhibitor.
cabresto: A halter (headpiece for animal).
Irgunist: A member of an early Zionist paramilitary group which envisioned a greater Israel and was a forerunner to the Likudists
sunporch: A porch used for its abundant sunlight
limnonym: The toponym of a lake.
hambeast: An obese person.
goatfuck: A chaotic situation where some effort has gone thoroughly wrong; a fiasco or clusterfuck.
goatfuck: A tightly-packed crowd of people, especially photographers, journalists and cameramen, covering a news story.
serrette: A locustberry.
hagionym: The name of a saint
antigoal: An undesirable state to be avoided, the opposite of a goal.
antiepic: A literary work challenging the conventions of the epic.
rulering: A spanking with a ruler.
minipack: A small package of some product.
choronym: A type of toponym representing the name of a region, country or any other territory.
caustick: Obsolete form of caustic.
setaside: An amount of money or resources put aside for a specific purpose.
bourghul: Alternative form of bulgur
tile ore: An earthy variety of cuprite.
phytonym: A (non-taxonomic) plant name.
phytonym: The name of an individual plant (e.g. General Sherman, a tree in Sequoia National Park, California).
phytonym: An anthroponym derived from the name of a plant.
slumland: A region of slums.
paleonym: An ancient toponym that is now obsolete
tomb bat: Any of various species of Old World bats of the genus Taphozous
moa-nalo: Any of several extinct aberrant, goose-like ducks that lived on some islands of Hawaii from the late Pleistocene until sometime before 1778.
jag bolt: A bolt with a nicked or barbed shank which resists retraction, as when leaded into stone.
Bjarmian: A native or inhabitant of Bjarmia or Bjarmaland.
polytube: A polyethylene tube.
Mentawai: A member of the native people of the Mentawai Islands, Indonesia.
sublabel: A label (for example, on a diagram) that is subordinate to another label.
sublabel: A record label, software release label, etc. that is subordinate to the company's main label.
suitcoat: A suit jacket
kortholt: a low-pitched capped double reed instrument of the European Renaissance
seastorm: A thunderstorm, waterspout, tropical storm, or other storm over an ocean.
Herzlian: Zionist
foldyard: An enclosure for sheep or cattle.
pig yoke: A quadrant or sextant.
club law: government by violence; lynch law; anarchy
kilofoot: A unit of measure for length, equal to one thousand feet.
fooligan: A foolish or naive troublemaker.
qingtuan: A sweet rice-flour ball, usually filled with red bean paste, traditionally consumed on Tomb Sweeping Day in China.
work day: Alternative form of workday
gubernya: Alternative form of guberniya
gubernia: Alternative form of guberniya
subcache: A secondary or subsidiary cache.
halaszle: A hot, spicy paprika-based river-fish soup which originates from Hungary.
jotation: Alternative form of iotation
megamenu: A dropdown menu that expands into a relatively large and complex interface rather than a simple vertical list of commands.
neatwork: Work constructed to a neatline.
dequeuer: A process or component that removes items from a queue.
dart sac: A sac connected with the reproductive organs of certain land snails, containing a love dart.
enqueuer: A process or component that adds items to a queue.
semiauto: semi-automatic
decamper: One who decamps.
beerhall: Alternative form of beer hall
wagoneer: One who drives a wagon.
sawblade: The blade of a saw.
assholio: asshole
gammanym: Tetracycline.
tapedeck: Alternative form of tape deck
rum deal: Synonym of raw deal
bum deal: Synonym of raw deal
dolipore: The central pore in the septum of a basidiomycete mycelium
toy line: Alternative form of toyline
chadlock: Alternative form of charlock (Sinapis arvensis etc.)
beltfish: The largehead hairtail, Trichiurus lepturus.
beltfish: The silver scabbardfish, Lepidopus caudatus.
longwing: Any of the nymphalid butterfly subfamily Heliconiinae.
longwing: A falcon of a particular class used in falconry.
bud moth: Spilonota ocellana, a tortricid moth whose larvae feed on various deciduous trees and shrubs.
bud moth: Any moth destructive of budding plants.
pin pool: A variety of the game of billiards in which small wooden pins are set up to be knocked down by the balls.
woodmote: A court, presided over by verderers and the warden, that dealt with those who had broken the laws of the forest.
trashery: A collection of garbage or rubbish; things, persons, ideas and such which are of no significant value.
transdar: The ability to detect whether or not a person is transgender/transsexual by observing that person.
Dukhobor: Alternative form of Doukhobor
mothwing: The wing of a moth.
jacknife: Misspelling of jackknife.
poopdeck: Alternative form of poop deck
languoid: Synonym of lect: a language, variety of a language, or group of languages.
factness: The quality of being based on facts.
factness: The quality of being a fact.
skillage: The state of being highly skilled, the state of being skillful.
skillage: The differentiating, or skilling, of call distribution based on an individual's skill level, expertise, or training.
laborism: Alternative form of labourism
topliner: One who is billed as the primary entertainer.
topliner: One who contributes to contemporary songwriting by creating vocal melodies, lyrics, or hooks related to the vocal in a song.
cytodeme: A group of organisms that have the same number of chromosomes, and that can form fertile hybrids with each other.
powernap: Alternative form of power nap
unit jar: A small insulated Leyden jar, placed between an electrical machine and a larger jar or battery, so as to announce, by its repeated discharges, the amount of electricity passed into the larger jar.
watthour: Alternative form of watt-hour
geoboard: A board with nails or pegs around which elastic bands can be looped in order to explore concepts in geometry.
erenaghy: the office of erenagh
Euregion: Alternative form of Euroregion
khorovod: a Slavic art form, a combination of a circle dance and chorus singing, similar to chorea of ancient Greece, also in Romania (horă)
pathosis: A disease; a pathologic condition.
fantigue: A state of worry or excitement.
shitnuts: An annoying or stupid person.
jestbook: joke book
gigacity: A city even larger in scale than a megacity.
headload: A load carried on the head.
ramshorn: A low semicircular work situated in and commanding a ditch.
ramshorn: An ammonite; a fossil cephalopod.
ramshorn: A ramshorn snail
cash boy: In large retail stores, a male messenger who carries the money received by the salesman from customers to a cashier, and returns the proper change.
mercheen: Pronunciation spelling of machine.
boerboel: A large mastiff dog breed from South Africa
rubboard: A scraped percussion instrument used in zydeco music, resembling a washboard but without a frame, generally hung around the neck.
raphanin: The main sulfur component found in radish seeds of Raphanus sativus and in broccoli and red cabbage.
slenthem: A Javanese metallophone.
stashbox: A box used to store a stash of something, especially illicit narcotics.
nikujaga: A Japanese dish of meat, potatoes and onion stewed in sweetened soy sauce.
narcosub: A semi-submersible or submarine purpose-built to smuggle narcotics.
e-access: Electronic access to resources, such as publications at a library.
Maoridom: The world or sphere of the Māori people.
new beat: A Belgian electronic dance music genre of the 1980s that fused elements of new wave, hi-NRG, electronic body music, acid house and hip-hop.
kaniggit: Alternative spelling of kanigget
nien-hao: The regnal year, reign period, or regnal title used when traditionally numbering years in a Chinese emperor's reign and in naming certain Chinese rulers.
prickwad: A rude, obnoxious, or annoying person.
kanigget: knight
kanigget: Used as a general insult.
coticule: A Belgian variety of whetstone, containing spessartine.
turf ant: A small European ant of species (Lasius flavus).
bar shoe: A kind of horseshoe with a bar across the usual opening at the heel, to protect the frog of the foot.
rub iron: An iron guard on a wagon body, against which a wheel rubs when cramped too much.
rat-mole: mole rat
bunnyhop: Alternative form of bunny hop
bid hook: A small boathook.
nose art: artwork found on the forward sections of aircraft (though usually not on the nose itself)
body art: The application of tattoos, piercings or jewellery to the body.
body art: A type of performance art in which artists use or abuse their own body to make particular statements.
typehead: The assembly within a typewriter, teleprinter, etc., that physically prints characters onto the page.
backface: The back side of a face of a mesh, which typically will never face the camera and can thus be culled (discarded) from the list of items to be rendered.
mudhouse: A simple house built primarily of mud.
trialism: A union of three states or political entities.
trialism: The doctrine of the existence of body, soul, and spirit in human beings.
dedicand: One to whom something is dedicated.
cybotage: sabotage of computer systems or networks
aftanoon: Pronunciation spelling of afternoon.
honorand: One who receives an honor.
crockard: A 13th-century coin minted in Europe as a debased counterfeit copy of the sterling silver penny of King Edward I, at first legally accepted as a halfpenny and then outlawed.
tea clam: A small quahog.
mock sun: A sun dog or parhelion.
reposter: One who reposts.
dekatron: A gas-filled tube used as a decade counter in early computers and calculators.
boothook: A hook with a handle, used for pulling on boots.
decatron: Alternative form of dekatron
motoball: A game resembling football (soccer), but with players (except the goalkeepers) riding motorcycles, and with a much larger ball.
e-travel: The use of computerized information systems to handle travel arrangements or expenses.
show box: A box containing an object or objects, carried or transported round as a show.
upshorts: A voyeuristic image of the view up somebody's shorts.
Voguette: A female follower of fashion as dictated by Vogue magazine.
fig-dust: A preparation of fine oatmeal for feeding caged birds.
dirt bed: A layer of clayey earth forming a stratum in a geological formation.
monk bat: The brown mastiff bat (Prompos nasutus)
plug tap: A screw-cutting tap with a slightly tapering end.
tap bolt: A bolt with a head on one end and a thread on the other end, to be screwed into some fixed part, instead of passing through the part and receiving a nut.
pea bean: A very small and highly esteemed variety of the edible white bean.
hornsman: One who plays a horn.
hornsman: A snake, the horned viper (Bitis cornuta).
tax cart: A spring cart subject to a low tax.
footbank: A raised way within the parapet of a fortification.
gas coal: A bituminous or hydrogenous coal yielding a high proportion of volatile material, and therefore available for the manufacture of illuminating gas.
oak leaf: Alternative form of oakleaf
e-mentor: A mentor who communicates with his/her mentees through electronic means, such as e-mail.
e-mentee: One who is mentored through electronic forms of communication.
mill bar: A rough bar rolled or drawn directly from a bloom or puddle bar for conversion into merchant iron in the mill.
noncoper: One who is unable to cope.
plug rod: A rod attached to the beam for working the valves, as in the Cornish engine.
dead oil: The heavy oil obtained in the distillation of coal tar, containing phenol, naphthalus, etc.
lac lake: The colouring matter of lac dye when precipitated from its solutions by alum.
femmefan: Alternative form of femme fan
femmefen: Alternative form of femme fen
milk leg: Synonym of phlegmasia alba dolens
bog moss: peat moss; sphagnum
alhidade: Archaic form of alidade.
conworld: An imaginary world, especially one with highly-detailed cultures, languages, and geography.
bed rest: Alternative form of bedrest
fig-wart: A soft, bright red, pointed or tufted tumor found around the genitals, often massed into large groups. It is a variety of condyloma.
loneroid: bog-myrtle
ropefish: reedfish
reedfish: A fish related to the bichir.
rainband: A dark band in the yellow portion of the solar spectrum near the sodium line, caused by the presence of water vapour in the atmosphere, and hence sometimes used in weather predictions.
rainband: An elongated cloud and precipitation structure associated with an area of rainfall.
rainband: An elongated cloud and precipitation structure associated with an area of rainfall.
rainband: The spiralling bands of cloud and precipitation that make up the bulk of most tropical cyclones.
key bolt: A bolt which has a mortise near the end, and is secured by a cotter or wedge instead of a nut.
turn cap: Alternative form of turncap
cold cut: singular of cold cuts
photolog: photoblog
passifan: A fan, particularly of science fiction, who watches and reads the genre but does not actively engage in fanac, or fan activity.
stub end: The enlarged end of a connecting rod, to which the strap is fastened.
insultee: One who is insulted.
blufftop: The top of a bluff (steep bank or cliff).
Ms Right: Alternative form of Miss Right
Mr Right: Alternative form of Mister Right
flat top: Alternative form of flattop
daishiki: Alternative form of dashiki
buzz cut: Alternative form of buzzcut
Mr & Mrs: Alternative form of Mr. and Mrs.
milk pea: Any of the genus Galactia of leguminous and, usually, twining plants.
homophor: homophora
live box: A box or pen suspended in water to keep aquatic animals alive.
megaleak: A very large-scale or significant leak of information.
age play: Alternative form of ageplay
Malecite: Alternative form of Maliseet
nose bit: A bit similar to a gouge bit, but having a cutting edge on one side of its boring end.
Maliseet: A member of an Algonquian-speaking Native American people of the Wabanaki Confederacy, indigenous to the Saint John River valley and its tributaries, crossing the borders of New Brunswick and Quebec in Canada, and Maine in the United States.
crew cab: A type of pickup truck with four full-sized doors.
king cab: A type of pickup truck with two smaller seats behind the front seats.
nosehole: A nostril.
nosehole: A small opening in a furnace, before which a globe of crown glass is held and kept soft at the beginning of the flattening process.
web chat: Alternative form of webchat
Imperial: A large Bordeaux wine bottle with the capacity of about 6 liters, equivalent to 8 standard bottles.
paynight: The night when workers are paid.
cafecito: A small hot coffee drink, particularly Cuban espresso.
hair wax: A thick hairstyling product containing wax, used to assist with holding the hair.
wordform: Any of the forms of a word.
goatweed: Ageratum conyzoides, a herb with white to mauve flowers, native to tropical America, especially Brazil.
goatweed: Croton capitatus, the hogwort.
worm oil: An anthelmintic consisting of oil obtained from the seeds of Dysphania anthelmintica (syn. Chenopodium anthelminticum.
dry bone: smithsonite
sedenion: A 16-dimensional nonalternative extension of an octonion with one real part and 15 imaginary parts, each a real multiple of a distinct, independent square root of −1.
bee moth: Aphomia sociella.
bee moth: Any wax moth.
bee moth: Any yellow and black hawk moth, especially genus Hemaris, that resembles a bumblebee, a bumblebee moth.
wine fly: Any of the genus Piophila of small two-winged flies.
palmworm: The larva of a palm weevil.
AND gate: a logic gate performing a Boolean logic AND operation
NOT gate: a logic gate performing a Boolean-logic NOT operation
NOR gate: a logic gate performing a Boolean logic NOR operation
XOR gate: a logic gate performing a Boolean logic XOR operation
ninjette: A female ninja-like warrior or martial artist; a kunoichi.
buzz-saw: Alternative form of buzz saw
seagrape: Alternative form of sea grape
doveplum: The plant Coccoloba diversifolia.
buzz saw: A powerful, noisy, motorized saw, typically having a rotary blade with large teeth, sometimes portable and sometimes mounted into a table.
grub-saw: A handsaw used for sawing marble.
Majorite: A political supporter of John Major (born 1943), British Conservative politician who served as Prime Minister from 1990 to 1997.
hag moth: Phobetron pithecium, a moth of the family Limacodidae.
scholler: Obsolete spelling of scholar
itemiser: Alternative form of itemizer
pass box: A box used to carry cartridges from the service magazine to the piece.
low wine: A liquor containing about 20 percent alcohol, produced by the first distillation of wash; the first run of the still.
cagebird: A bird kept in a cage.
wolf eel: Anarrhichthys ocellatus, a superficially eel-like fish found in the northern Pacific Ocean.
oil test: A test for determining the temperature at which petroleum oils give off vapor which is liable to explode.
Jewiness: Negative stereotypical Jewish qualities
saw file: A three-cornered file, such as is used for sharpening saw teeth.
stag hog: babiroussa
bone oil: An oil obtained by heating bones (as in the manufacture of bone black), remarkable for containing the nitrogenous bases, pyridine and quinoline, and their derivatives.
bar shot: A double-headed shot, consisting of a bar, with a ball or half ball at each end; formerly used for destroying the masts or rigging in naval combat.
wolf net: A kind of fishing net, capable of catching many fish at a time.
peasecod: Alternative form of peascod
dick lit: Literature which appeals to, or is marketed toward, male readers.
maiestie: Obsolete spelling of majesty
Occupier: A proponent or supporter of the Occupy Wall Street movement
trolldom: black magic; witchcraft
trolldom: The realm or sphere of trolls (online troublemakers).
ergonomy: Alternative form of ergonomics
triopoly: A market situation in which three companies exclusively provide a particular product or service.
baradari: A square building or pavilion with twelve doors designed to allow free flow of air.
baradari: The existence of social strata that dictate political alliances among South Asian Muslims.
dorayaki: A Japanese confection consisting of two sponge cake patties wrapped around a filling of sweet azuki bean paste.
Manahoac: A member of a small group of Siouan-language American Indians in northern Virginia at the time of European contact.
map unit: centimorgan
icecrete: A concretion of water ice as the cementing substance, and an aggregate.
autocade: motorcade
sun star: Any of various starfishes belonging to Solaster, Crossaster, and allied genera, having numerous rays.
obeahman: A male practitioner of obeah.
aptagram: An anagram whose meaning is relevant to that of the original text that was anagrammed.
mud plug: A plug for stopping the mudhole of a boiler.
goat fig: caprifig
half-ape: lemur
prestack: The category c is called a prestack over a category C with a Grothendieck topology if it is fibered over C and for any object U of C and objects x, y of c with image U, the functor from objects over U to sets taking F:V→U to Hom(F*x,F*y) is a sheaf.
longwall: A long wall of coal that is mined in a single slice.
fragfest: Video gameplay, especially for multiple players, involving extreme action, deadly combat, explosions, etc.
eurogame: Alternative form of Eurogame
Eurogame: A style of board game originating in Germany, characterized by simple rules, short to medium playtimes, indirect player interaction, abstract physical components, emphasis on strategy over luck or conflict, and economic themes.
babylift: The evacuation of foreign children from abroad into a country for adoption.
mumblage: Mumbled or imprecise remarks, especially remarks which are trivial or unreliable.
belted l: The character ɬ, used in phonetics to represent voiceless dental, alveolar, and postalveolar fricatives.
popunder: Alternative form of pop-under
trollfic: A fanfic deliberately written to troll or annoy readers.
trollfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
nerdette: A female nerd.
dry bite: A bite by a venomous animal in which no venom is released.
loureiro: A grape variety cultivated in Spain and Portugal, used in the production of white wine.
loureiro: A variety of white wine made from this grape.
sialosis: sialadenosis
coaddict: A drug addict who is codependent with another drug addict.
Cuicatec: A member of an indigenous group of the Mexican state of Oaxaca, closely related to the Mixtecs.
endstate: Alternative form of end state
thick-un: A crown coin; its value, five shillings.
palmster: palmist
pantsula: A member of a South African urban subculture of the 20th century, characterised by expensive clothing and aggressive behaviour.
pantsula: A syncopated, quick-stepping, low-to-the-ground form of dance associated with this subculture.
myrology: A dirge sung over a grave in Greece
uchikake: A formal kimono worn by brides.
dinghead: A stupid or foolish person.
bad word: A vulgar word.
stfandom: The subculture of science fiction fans
globocop: A political system or government with a foreign policy that engages in interventionism, intrusiveness or imperialism
monosome: The chromosome whose homologous counterpart is missing in monosomy
June bug: Any of several species of beetles:
June bug: Phyllophaga, a genus of beetles in the subfamily Melolonthinae of the family Scarabaeidae, also known as June beetles.
June bug: Any of several species of beetles:
June bug: green June beetle (Cotinis nitida), of the southeastern United States
June bug: Any of several species of beetles:
June bug: ten-lined June beetle (Polyphylla decemlineata), of the western United States and Canada
June bug: Any of several species of beetles:
June bug: fig-eater or figeater beetle (Cotinis mutabilis), of the western and southwestern United States
June bug: Any of several species of beetles:
June bug: European chafer (Rhizotrogus majalis/Amphimallon majalis), a beetle native to continental Europe, but now also in North America
uchronia: An idealized or fictional conception of a particular period of time, especially in the past.
metadyne: A direct current electrical machine with two pairs of brushes, able to be used as an amplifier or rotary transformer.
parantha: Alternative form of paratha
Alleyman: A German, especially during the First World War.
Beninois: A Beninese person.
Marianan: A native or inhabitant of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Ulithian: A native or inhabitant of Ulithi.
Sahraoui: Alternative spelling of Sahrawi
tikitaka: Alternative form of tiki-taka
tang bao: Alternative form of tangbao
toe loop: In figure skating, a toe pick-assisted jump that takes off and lands on the same backward outside edge.
hardflip: A trick that combines a frontside pop shuvit with a kickflip.
khao soi: wide rice noodles in Thai cuisine
ideotype: A specimen identified as belonging to a specific taxon by the author of that taxon, but collected from somewhere other than the type locality
ideotype: A type of concept metarepresentation that is a compound memory trace consisting of the structural information detected by humans in categorical stimuli
excenter: The center of an excircle.
drawtube: The tube that is drawn out in order to expand a telescope.
rawhider: An itinerant cowboy.
mahallya: Alternative form of mahallah
Maeonian: A native or inhabitant of ancient Maeonia.
lionizer: Someone who lionizes.
Soqotran: Alternative form of Socotran
fish tea: A spicy Caribbean soup resembling bouillon, made with fish, ground yam, pumpkin, cassava, and potatoes.
caxirola: A Brazilian percussion instrument consisting of a closed plastic basket with a flat bottom filled with small synthetic particles. It is based on the caxixi.
gur cake: An Irish confection consisting of a thick layer of fruit-based filling between two thin layers of pastry.
wood ant: Any of the mound-building ants of the Formica rufa subgeneric group.
wood ant: A termite.
mahallah: A subdivision or neighborhood.
duckunoo: Alternative form of duckanoo
cocktion: A dessert made from parched corn and sugar rolled into balls and sometimes coloured.
kallaloo: Alternative spelling of callaloo
cut cake: A Jamaican dessert made with sliced coconut, ginger and brown sugar.
haut ton: High fashion; fashionability.
pithouse: A primitive building partially dug into the ground and roofed over.
adstrate: adstratum
freetail: Mexican free-tailed bat, Tadarida brasiliensis
ballyboe: A townland in Ulster.
misnamer: One who misnames something.
odontoma: A hamartoma of odontogenic origin.
steppage: A high-stepping gait sometimes used to compensate for foot drop.
footdrop: Alternative form of foot drop
framesaw: A kind of saw consisting of a narrow flexible blade held under tension within a frame, used for cutting wood or stone.
duckanoo: A Caribbean dessert made with sweet potato, coconut, spices and brown sugar, all tied up in a banana leaf.
clanmate: A member of the same clan.
pejibaye: The edible fruit of the tropical peach palm (Bactris gasipaes), a single-seeded drupe; a peewah.
crawlies: fear, anxiety
exradius: The radius of an excircle.
lakelore: The knowledge of local conditions on a lake; the traditions and customs of life on a lake; the history of life on a lake.
dweeblet: A young or unimportant dweeb.
nerdling: A young or unimportant nerd.
geekling: A young or unimportant geek.
monotube: Anything that has a single tube or filament.
Lallwort: A babble word.
winelore: Knowledge of the history and craft of wine and winemaking; enology.
pace lap: parade lap
atticful: As much as an attic can hold.
shadeism: Alternative form of shadism
Narodnik: A member of a socially conscious movement of the Russian middle class in the 1860s and 1870s, some of whom became involved in revolutionary agitation against the tsardom.
nautanki: A type of Indian folk theatre, based on folklore and mythological dramas with interludes of song and dance.
nautanki: An individual performance of this kind.
Radleian: A pupil of Radley College.
Epsomian: A pupil or alumnus of Epsom College.
mouthbow: musical bow
rifledom: The world or sphere of rifles.
smartpen: An electronic pen for the creation of computerized notes, diagrams, etc.
aburaage: A Japanese food consisting of deep-fried slices of tofu.
bigarade: The bitter orange (fruit).
Picardan: A white wine grape used mainly for the Châteauneuf-du-Pape blend.
Picardan: A white wine made from this kind of grape.
cerberin: A particular cardiac glycoside found in the tree Cerbera odollam.
Deweyite: A proponent of Deweyism.
thevetin: Any of a group of poisonous cardiac glycosides, obtained especially from the seeds of Thevetia nereifolia.
Deweyism: A system of education emphasizing social interaction and group learning, and employing the "look-say" method of learning to read.
side cap: A foldable military cap with straight sides and a creased or hollow crown sloping to the back where it is parted.
echujine: A highly toxic cardiac glycoside.
aeropark: A visitor attraction where aeroplanes are on display.
subforum: A single message board that is part of an online discussion forum.
membrain: Misspelling of membrane.
Ushuaian: Someone from Ushuaia
Sargasso: Also sargasso: a confused, tangled mass or situation.
treefish: Sebastes serriceps, a marine fish native to the eastern Pacific Ocean, with large spines on top of its head.
e-market: A market that operates by electronic means, especially the Internet when used for buying and selling.
brasshat: Alternative form of brass hat
push out: In nine ball pool, an optional shot after a legal break shot where a player is allowed to hit any ball first, or not any, as well as not hit a rail, and the opponent can choose who shoots the next shot.
Bagratid: A member of either of two ruling dynasties, one in Armenia and one in Georgia.
fentanil: Alternative form of fentanyl
Afsharid: A member of the Afsharid dynasty.
dumbhood: The state or condition of being dumb (either mute or stupid).
virilism: The condition resulting from virilization in a female.
overseal: A seal at the top of something, to close it.
leprosol: A particular resorcinolic lipid.
stemphol: A particular resorcinolic lipid.
olivetol: 5-pentylresorcinol or 5-pentyl-1,3-benzenediol, an organic compound found in certain lichens. It is also a precursor in various syntheses of tetrahydrocannabinol.
Beyblade: A type of spinning top toy originally developed and manufactured by Takara Tomy.
fox bolt: A bolt having a split end to receive a fox wedge.
flashbar: A kind of flash unit for a camera, in the form of a horizontal bar.
magicube: A form of flashcube not requiring electrical power.
nose key: fox wedge
leg bail: Escape from custody by running away.
worm tea: An anthelmintic tea or tisane.
cock egg: A yolkless egg.
plackard: Misspelling of placard.
good leg: A course sailed on a tack near to the desired course.
wind egg: An egg that is somehow lacking (e.g. lacking the yolk or the shell).
wind egg: Anything that is deficient in some way.
strangth: Pronunciation spelling of strength.
rhodexin: A particular steroid glycoside.
adynerin: A particular steroid glycoside.
holocost: Misspelling of holocaust.
sandball: A mass of wet sand formed into a ball.
sandball: A ball of soap mixed with fine sand, used for washing one's body.
amboside: A particular steroid glycoside.
decoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
sinoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
opposide: A particular steroid glycoside.
mansonin: A particular steroid glycoside.
gitostin: A particular steroid glycoside.
deltonin: A particular steroid glycoside.
hemidine: A particular steroid glycoside.
luciamin: A particular steroid glycoside.
gitoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
hemoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
uscharin: A particular steroid glycoside.
dumoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
calactin: A particular steroid glycoside.
indicine: A particular steroid glycoside.
afroside: A particular steroid glycoside.
panoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
altoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
acedoxin: A particular steroid glycoside.
alliside: A particular steroid glycoside.
alloside: A particular steroid glycoside.
asclepin: A particular steroid glycoside.
icogenin: A particular steroid glycoside.
foliumin: A particular steroid glycoside.
ruvoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
bovoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
laxoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
lancinin: A particular steroid glycoside.
hemisine: A particular steroid glycoside.
oleaside: Any of a particular group of steroid glycosides.
olitorin: A particular steroid glycoside.
turoside: A particular steroid glycoside.
ceposide: A particular steroid glycoside.
celanide: A particular steroid glycoside.
desinine: A particular steroid glycoside.
neriolin: A particular steroid glycoside.
half-Jew: A person who is half Jewish and half gentile by birth.
salt box: Alternative form of saltbox
zuchetta: Alternative form of zucchetta (kind of squash)
dimentia: Misspelling of dementia.
dimensia: Misspelling of dementia.
tuballoy: Natural uranium in the refined condition.
Quiz Kid: Alternative form of quiz kid
quiz-kid: Alternative form of quiz kid
quiz kid: A very intelligent or accomplished child or young person, especially one who demonstrated his or her knowledge and quick thinking on radio or television programs in the mid-20th century.
rapunzel: A plant with leaves and crisp roots which have been used in salads, rampion, Campanula rapunculus.
rapunzel: A plant with leaves which are used in salads, corn salad or mâche, Valerianella locusta.
fugghead: Euphemistic form of fuckhead.
Atticist: A person professing Atticism
Atticist: A student of Attic Greek.
moprolol: A particular beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist.
cusparia: The bark of Angostura.
pargolol: A particular beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist.
choregos: Alternative form of choragus
bitemark: The mark left by a bite (of an animal)
red hake: Urophycis chuss, an edible phycid hake of the genus Urophycis, found in the Atlantic Ocean.
archmold: Alternative form of archmould
premouse: A generalization of a mouse that is not necessarily iterable.
rose ear: A dog's ear that folds backward and shows part of the inside.
seam set: A set for flattering the seams of metal sheets, leather work, etc.
wyrmling: A small wyrm or dragon.
strandee: One who is stranded.
seedhead: A part of certain plants that bears the seeds after flowering, as in the dandelion.
Britlish: British English.
aquashow: A spectacle consisting of underwater dance and gymnastics.
Redditor: A contributor to Reddit, a news and discussion website.
fetticus: corn salad or mâche, Valerianella locusta, a plant whose leaves are used in salads.
knee pit: The shallow depression located at the back of the knee joint.
pulpulak: A public fountain with potable water, common in Armenia.
workname: The alias used by someone involved in secret espionage or intelligence work.
downgaze: The act of looking downward.
mangarie: Food
Zuricher: A native or inhabitant of Zurich.
filksing: A gathering of filkers; a filk-music performance.
leftness: The property of being on, or moving toward, the left.
gaushala: Alternative form of goshala
cocamide: A mixture of amides of the fatty acids obtained from coconut oil, used in many surfactants.
sub-fusc: Rare form of subfusc.
sharting: The act or process of the verb shart.
Durannie: A fan of the English rock band Duran Duran.
Glambert: A fan of American singer Adam Lambert.
Wholigan: A fan of the English rock band The Who.
tea-tray: Alternative form of tea tray
smilaxin: A particular steroid glycoside derived from Smilax species.
uttronin: A particular steroid glycoside.
sanshool: A pungent compound derived from the Sichuan pepper and related plants.
cilistol: A particular steroid glycoside.
gifblaar: Dichapetalum cymosum, a poisonous plant.
curillin: A particular steroid glycoside.
digoride: A particular steroid glycoside.
colebrin: A particular steroid glycoside.
hispinin: A particular steroid glycoside.
torvonin: A particular steroid glycoside.
guardess: A female guard.
spacecut: An animated visual effect in which one polyhedron intersects another, forming an empty space where their volumes overlap.
khichdee: Alternative form of khichdi
confuser: One who or that which confuses.
eyechart: Alternative form of eye chart
khichadi: Alternative form of khichdi
khichari: Alternative form of khichdi
khichuri: Alternative form of khichdi
kitchree: Alternative form of khichdi
holodisk: A holographic disk used as a storage medium.
chavrusa: A pair, typically yeshiva students, who study Talmud and other topics in Judaism together; by extension, any working pair
chavrusa: The system of studying in this manner.
casefile: A file detailing a legal or medical case.
fox evil: Loss of hair through disease; alopecia.
prothema: A statement or prayer by a preacher, following the thema, or lesson based on the gospel of the day.
windsail: A wide tube or funnel of canvas, used to convey a stream of air for ventilation into the lower compartments of a vessel.
windsail: The sail or vane of a windmill.
fanpetal: Any of various flowering plants of the genus Sida in the mallow family.
gift set: Alternative form of giftset
sweetgum: Alternative form of sweet gum
creolist: A linguist who studies creole languages.
Buffyite: A fan of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Buffista: A fan of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
nanoball: A nanosize ball
scumshit: Term of abuse.
bougonia: Alternative spelling of bugonia
Angelite: A fan of the television series Angel.
Aksumite: A native or inhabitant of the ancient Kingdom of Aksum, a trading nation in the area of northern Ethiopia and Eritrea from approximately 100–940 AD.
XO sauce: A spicy sauce from Hong Kong, made from roughly chopped dried seafood, chili peppers, onions, and garlic.
loosejaw: A fish whose jaw can unhinge to swallow large prey.
dry rent: A rent reserved by deed, without a clause of distress.
hinoeuma: The year of the fire horse in the sexagenary cycle of the Japanese traditional calendar, last occurring in 1966. Women born in these years supposedly make poor wives.
head sea: A sea that meets the head of a vessel or rolls against her course.
lyophobe: a lyophobic substance
lyophile: a lyophilic substance
crabwood: A flowering plant of the genus Carapa in the mahogany family, Meliaceae.
rockmeal: A light powdery variety of calcite occurring as an efflorescence.
bell cot: A small or subsidiary construction, frequently corbelled out from the walls of a structure, and used to contain and support one or more bells.
andiroba: Any of the South and Central American trees of the genus Carapa, especially Carapa guianensis.
andiroba: The high-end wood of the andiroba tree.
arrowlet: A small arrow.
rockfoil: saxifrage
bilgeway: Either of a pair of rails down which a ship is launched.
dishrack: A rack for holding dishes.
life car: A watertight boat or box, travelling on a line from a wrecked vessel to the shore, and used to haul people through the waves.
lizardom: The state of being a lizard, or of belonging to the world of lizards; lizards, collectively.
judgedom: The realm or sphere of judges.
daboecia: Any of the genus Daboecia of evergreen shrubs related to heather.
frogness: the state, quality, or condition of a frog.
heretoga: An Anglo-Saxon army leader or commander; a general; a duke.
bee wolf: Any of the solitary predatory wasps of the genus Philanthus.
stonepit: A quarry.
zoamylin: The amorphous amylaceous matter contained in the vertebrate and invertebrate foetal tissues.
kendhang: A drum used in gamelan music.
qaymaqam: Alternative spelling of kaymakam
Mabaheth: Alternative form of Mabahith
Mabahith: The secret police of the Ministry of the Interior in Saudi Arabia.
anti-goy: Someone with anti-goyish views.
selinene: Any of a group of closely related sesquiterpenes with molecular formula C₁₅H₂₄, isolated from various plant sources.
lancepod: Any of the plant genus Lonchocarpus, whose fruit resembles an ornate lance tip or a few beads on a string.
epimedin: Any of a group of prenylflavonoids found in Epimedium wushanense.
sigmodal: A barbiturate derivative formerly used in surgical anesthesia.
odd fish: An unusual thing or eccentric person.
greyhead: Alternative spelling of grayhead
Loaghtan: A sheep of a breed native to the Isle of Man, characterized by dark brown wool and usually four or occasionally six horns.
scrumpox: herpes gladiatorum
handpost: A kind of signpost indicating what lies in various directions.
chelydre: A fetid water snake.
tantrism: tantric beliefs and practices generally
egregore: An angelic being from the Book of Enoch.
egregore: An autonomous psychic entity that is composed of, and influences, the thoughts of a group of people.
batcaver: An early member of the goth subculture.
vineland: land where vines are grown
worktime: The period, or daily hours, during which somebody works.
rat pack: A ration pack.
rat pack: A juvenile criminal gang.
stembark: The bark from the stem of a woody plant.
somaline: Alternative form of somalin
mhelliah: A Celtic harvest festival.
abogenin: An organic compound found in Adenium boehmianum.
war cake: A kind of cake made from the limited ingredients available in wartime (typically including little or no milk, butter, eggs, and sometimes sugar).
mazedium: Alternative form of mazaedium
Mazovian: Alternative form of Masovian
mazagran: A long cold coffee beverage with lemon, ice, and sometimes sugar, rum or water, served in a tall glass.
lapskaus: A Norwegian stew of diced meat and vegetables, similar to scouse.
nut clam: Any of the family Nuculidae of small saltwater clams.
Fomorian: A member of the semi-divine race that were said to have inhabited Ireland in ancient times.
odonatan: Any member of the Odonata (dragonflies etc.).
bedtable: A table that can be placed on the lap of a patient in a hospital bed.
Okanagan: A member of the Syilx people.
Okanagan: A Salish language which arose among the indigenous peoples of the southern Interior Plateau region based primarily in the Okanagan River Basin and the Columbia River Basin.
migrater: Alternative form of migrator
Okanogan: Alternative form of Okanagan
rockover: A maneuver that involves rocking the body over onto one foot in a foothold, to get balance.
loomband: Alternative form of loom band
moly cow: A device used to extract from a source of decaying molybdenum-99 the metastable isotope ⁹⁹ᵐTc of technetium, which is the most commonly used medical radioisotope.
crashmat: A protective foam pad placed on the ground, used as protection in case of falling from the wall.
drag act: A male performer who performs as a woman (i.e. in drag).
drag act: The performance itself.
sombitch: Alternative form of sumbitch
geophony: Naturally occurring sound produced by a habitat, excluding sounds made by living organisms
nasalism: A nasal sound in speech.
Croatist: A linguist specializing in the Croatian language.
Croatism: A word or other feature originating from or characteristic of the Croatian language.
Croatism: A nationalistic ideology declaring being Croatian is the highest value.
kroštule: a traditional pastry from Dalmatia and Istria
down dog: Short for downward-facing dog.
cube van: A truck with an enclosed cuboid-shaped cargo area.
emictory: A medicine that promotes the secretion of urine.
ecomania: Enthusiasm for ecological issues.
diascopy: A test for blanchability performed by applying pressure with a finger or glass slide and observing color changes.
duovirus: Rotavirus.
dynactin: dynein activator complex: a multi-subunit protein found in eukaryotic cells that aids in bidirectional intracellular transport by binding to dynein and kinesin-2 and linking them to the organelle or vesicle to be transported.
danthron: Alternative form of dantron
dimaprit: A histamine analog working as an H₂ receptor agonist.
achiasmy: The phenomenon where autosomal recombination is completely absent in one sex of a species.
dipyrone: metamizole
diplogen: deuterium
divicine: 2,6-diamino-4,5-dihydroxypyrimidine, an oxidant found in fava beans and Lathyrus sativus. It is an aglycone of vicine.
diktyoma: A rare tumor arising from primitive medullary epithelium in the ciliary body of the eye.
diskitis: Alternative form of discitis
oxymonad: Any of a group of flagellated protozoa found exclusively in the intestines of termites and other wood-eating insects.
karasumi: Dried salted mullet roe, a Japanese delicacy.
simmerer: One who or that which simmers.
simmerer: A small gas burner for keeping food warm.
norimaki: Rolled sushi made with nori seaweed; a form of makizushi.
shiokara: A Japanese delicacy made from small pieces of the meat of marine animals in a paste of the animals' salted, fermented viscera.
hashioki: A Japanese stand for holding chopsticks.
dysnomia: anomic aphasia, a condition affecting the memory that impairs the recall of words or names.
burrfish: Chilomycterus schoepfi, a fish of the family Diodontidae distinguished from the porcupinefish by the shorter and blunter spines covering the somewhat spherical body.
dipsogen: An agent that causes thirst
meibutsu: A product famously associated with a particular region of Japan, often purchased as a gift or souvenir.
hosomaki: A form of sushi that comes in small cylindrical pieces with nori seaweed on the outside and usually only one filling.
depactin: An actin-depolymerizing protein from starfish oocytes.
key word: Alternative form of keyword
key-word: Dated form of keyword.
Orizaban: A native or inhabitant of Orizaba.
ulegyria: A form of cortical scarring in the deep regions of the sulcus that leads to distortion of the gyri, often caused by hypoxic-ischemic brain injury in the perinatal period.
unithiol: The sodium salt of 2,3-dimercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid; a chelating agent that forms complexes with various heavy metals.
uvulitis: inflammation of the uvula
trifolin: A chemical compound, the kaempferol 3-galactoside, found in Camptotheca acuminata, Euphorbia condylocarpa, and Consolida oliveriana.
roof tax: A tax based on house prices, proposed as an alternative to the poll tax in the 1990s.
fernland: An area of land where ferns grow.
fernroot: Pteridium esculentum, a plant of New Zealand.
korimako: New Zealand bellbird
tsessebe: A large African antelope, Damaliscus lunatus (formerly Alcelaphus lunata), similar to the hartebeest, but having its horns regularly curved.
Mantatee: A member of the Tlôkwa tribe of Africa.
dump bin: A bin filled with products of a particular type, often at a discount, without any stacking or arrangement.
bombazin: Alternative spelling of bombazine
ovomucin: A trypsin inhibitor found in raw egg white, responsible for its gel properties.
ecohotel: A hotel that is designed and run so as to have minimal environmental impact.
noisenik: A musician who produces harsh, discordant music.
NBC suit: A protective suit used in the military to avoid contact with and contamination by radioactive, biological or chemical substances.
Nootkian: A member of the Nuu-chah-nulth people.
megabrew: A large-scale commercial beer.
chemsuit: Alternative form of chem suit.
penalism: A policy of imposing penalties.
gerygone: Any of several species of Australasian warblers (family Acanthizidae) in the genus Gerygone.
lampasse: A colored cloth stripe sewn along the outer seam of uniform trousers
lampasse: Alternative form of lampas (fabric)
lampasse: Alternative form of lampas (inflammation)
mamading: A game in bars where young women are encouraged to perform as many public blowjobs in as short a time possible, in return for free alcohol.
prickler: That which prickles.
pollency: Power.
pollency: Strength.
nonscene: A scene, as in a play or film, that is insignificant or anticlimactic.
grandala: An insectivorous passerine bird of South Asia, Grandala coelicolor.
nidality: The idea that microscale disease foci are determined by the entire ecosystem.
Nepalian: Nepali
o-mikuji: A random fortune on a strip of paper, available from Shinto shrines and Buddhist temples in Japan in exchange for a small offering.
Nevadian: Nevadan
Booghdee: A cross between a male Bactrian camel and a female dromedary.
Nain rug: A kind of rug constructed using the Persian knot, with flowing designs such as flowers and tendrils.
casteist: One who discriminates against people based on their caste.
filecard: Alternative form of file card
bowwoman: A female archer.
lovenest: Alternative form of love nest
tobaccer: Pronunciation spelling of tobacco.
dropleaf: A flat section of a table that can be extended or collapsed.
aisleway: Aisle (clear path between seats).
junkheap: A collection or pile of unwanted things
peartree: Alternative form of pear tree
repulsor: A device used to deflect or repel other objects, or for flight stability.
sarpanch: The elected head of a panchayat (village government) in Bangladesh, India, or Pakistan.
rat-folk: Alternative spelling of ratfolk
sci-fier: science-fictioner
backstep: A step backwards
backstep: An abrupt subsidence or change in deposition preserved in the sedimentary record due to a marine transgression.
backstep: Flow over a backward-facing step.
backstep: The process of going back and finishing a specification that was incomplete at the start of a process, once enough progress has been made to know the full details.
backstep: A platform at the rear of a firetruck where a firefighter can stand.
chickory: Alternative spelling of chicory
racebook: A booklet serving the same purpose as a race card.
autoaway: An instant messaging feature that automatically marks a user as being away if the user does not interact with the computer or device in a set period of time.
racecard: Alternative form of race card
calathid: The flower head of an asteraceous plant.
diddicoy: Alternative form of didicoy
diddicoi: Alternative form of didicoy
camelpox: A poxviral disease of camels that causes skin lesions.
gynesine: trigonelline
catochus: The trance-like mental state of a cataleptic patient.
caffeate: A salt or ester of caffeic acid.
cellulin: A type of polysaccharide found exclusively within the oomyceteous fungi of the order Leptomitales.
cerulein: ceruletide
cerulein: A fast dyestuff with chemical formula C₂₀H₈O₆, made by heating gallein with strong sulfuric acid. It dyes mordanted fabrics green.
nanosome: A nanoscale liposome.
centibar: A unit of pressure, one hundredth of a bar; symbol cbar.
chlordan: Alternative form of chlordane
wipedown: The act of cleaning the exterior of an object, typically by hand using a damp dishcloth or other cleaning cloth.
chloroma: A myeloid sarcoma, often green in tint.
avantpop: An American artistic movement which derived from postmodernism in the 1990s, characterized by the reuse of existing mass media materials (cinema, pop music, television, etc.) in an avant-garde manner.
clawhand: ectrodactyly of the hand
coremium: synnema
shaygetz: Alternative form of shegetz
restobar: In certain countries, an establishment resembling both a bar and a restaurant.
restopub: Synonym of restobar
dangdest: darnedest
cumberer: Someone or something that cumbers
arbitrix: A female arbiter, an arbitress.
cytomere: A structure formed when the contents of a single large schizont are separated into multiple daughter cells in the course of schizogony.
geekgasm: A feeling of intense excitement or pleasure over something geeky.
sunblind: A blind used to protect against the sun.
plumcake: A cake made either with dried fruit (such as grapes, currants, raisins or prunes) or with fresh fruit.
transfan: One who is attracted to transsexual or transgender people.
soft elm: Ulmus rubra, native to eastern North America (from southeast North Dakota, east to Maine and southern Quebec, south to northernmost Florida, and west to eastern Texas).
frit fly: Any fly in the family Chloropidae.
uncorker: One who uncorks.
occation: Misspelling of occasion.
molohiya: Alternative form of mulukhiyah
molokhia: Alternative form of mulukhiyah
brasiery: Alternative form of braziery
braziery: brassware
hardbody: An attractive body enhanced through weightlifting.
æolipile: Archaic form of aeolipile.
æolipyle: Archaic form of aeolipile.
athenæum: Archaic form of athenaeum.
hash oil: an oily and potent form of the drug cannabis
wild rye: Any of the grasses of genera Elymus or Leymus.
scutulum: A yellow perifollicular saucer- or cup-shaped crust with a cheesy odour, composed of dense mats of mycelia and epithelial debris, often occurring on the scalp and characteristic of favus.
scotopia: scotopic vision
sea oats: Any species of oat-like grasses that can tolerate salty and alkaline conditions.
sea oats: Any species of oat-like grasses that can tolerate salty and alkaline conditions.
sea oats: Uniola paniculata, native to the Gulf and southeastern coasts of the United States.
sea oats: Similar-looking species, such as Chasmanthium latifolium
sorocarp: A fruiting body, characteristic of certain cellular slime molds, consisting of both a sorophore and a sorus
gravedom: The place, home, abode, or world of the dead; death; grave.
statvolt: A unit of voltage and electrical potential in the CGS system, equivalent to 299.792458 volts.
sultiame: A sulfonamide and inhibitor of the enzyme carbonic anhydrase, used as an anticonvulsant.
woodstar: Any one of about fifteen species of hummingbird found in the Americas.
subcutis: subcutaneous tissue: the lowermost layer of the integumentary system in vertebrates
syngraft: isograft
syphilid: Any of the cutaneous and mucous membrane lesions characteristic of secondary and tertiary syphilis.
candidid: A skin condition, an id reaction similar to dermatophytids.
synalgia: referred pain
leukemid: A non-specific skin lesion that occurs with leukemia but is not related to leukemic cell infiltration.
Georgist: A supporter of Georgism.
synflood: A denial-of-service attack in which the attacker sends a succession of SYN (synchronization) requests to the target system in an attempt to consume its resources and make the system unresponsive to legitimate traffic.
syndesis: Synonym of synapsis, the pairing of chromosomes during cellular reproduction.
syndesis: Synonym of arthrodesis, the fusion of a joint between two or more bones.
syndesis: Synonym of syndeton, the use of conjunctions or syndetic constructions.
jackpine: Alternative form of jack pine
grandpap: grandfather
hairlore: Knowledge about hair; hair folklore.
sidegaze: The act of looking sideways, to the left or right, by moving only one's eyes.
facekini: A balaclava-like swimwear face mask which completely covers the face except for holes for the eyes, nose, and mouth, worn as protection from sun and irritants.
tailcord: Synonym of tailgut.
handloom: A simple machine used for weaving by hand.
ricinism: ricin poisoning
undesire: Lack or absence of desire; desirelessness.
unhonour: The lack or absence of honour; dishonour.
genocopy: A trait that is a phenotypic copy of a genetic trait but is caused by a different genotype
infiller: One who, or that which, fills in a gap.
exotesta: The outer layer of the testa, derived from the outer integument of the ovule.
naucrary: A subdivision of the people of Attica.
mutsuddy: A native accountant in the British Raj.
landfowl: Any of the heavy-bodied ground-feeding birds in the order Galliformes, which includes chickens, turkeys, peafowl, pheasants, grouse, quail, and other related species; gamefowl.
williwau: Archaic form of williwaw.
bibation: Drinking, act of drinking (especially alcohol), imbibing.
Hindudom: The realm or sphere of Hindus.
writting: Obsolete form of writing.
codehead: A computer programming enthusiast.
Transfan: A fan of Transformers, a toy and entertainment franchise dealing with factions of alien robots who can change their form.
Fannibal: A fan of the American television series Hannibal and/or of the fictional character Hannibal Lecter.
blindism: An idiosyncratic behaviour associated with blind people.
blindism: An idiosyncratic behaviour associated with blind people.
blindism: A stereotypy characteristic of blind people, such as eye-rubbing or hand-flapping.
siftings: The material which falls through a sieve.
linefill: The amount of liquid that fills a certain length of pipeline.
linefill: substance that fills a pipeline to ensure a continuous flow of product.
hot take: A bold, broad, and subjective moral generalization on a situation, with little or no original analysis or insight, especially by a journalist.
Heepster: A fan of the English rock band Uriah Heep.
Ringhead: A fan of the opera cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen by Richard Wagner.
shpitzel: A partial wig that reveals the wearer's hair only at the front, worn by some married Hasidic women.
wormfowl: Any bird that feeds primarily on worms.
chicking: Pronunciation spelling of chicken.
lodgeing: Obsolete form of lodging.
cribwork: cribbing (structural members)
manthing: A humanoid creature.
Z-lister: Someone on a Z-list; one who is very far from stardom.
realtone: mastertone
urinemia: uremia
truetone: mastertone
spinlock: A lock which causes a thread trying to acquire it simply to wait in a loop ("spin") while repeatedly checking if the lock is available.
dusthead: A recreational user of the drug phencyclidine.
boxwalla: Alternative form of boxwallah
depacker: A software program that decompresses code or data.
levanase: levan hydrolase, an enzyme that catalyses the random hydrolysis of (2->6)-beta-D-fructofuranosidic linkages in (2->6)-beta-D-fructans (levans) containing more than three fructose units.
kegstand: Alternative form of keg stand
egglayer: Any organism that lays eggs, or is kept for that purpose.
Sunnidom: The region inhabited by Sunnis.
Sunnidom: The condition, state or sphere of Sunnis
Sunnidom: Sunnis collectively.
beertail: A cocktail made with beer.
speakout: A public forum or meeting at which members of a community speak out about an issue facing the community, e.g. rape.
4channer: A member of the online 4chan community.
aedility: The office of an elected official responsible for festivals and the maintenance of public buildings.
swapling: An infant or child secretly exchanged for another; changeling.
sukumizu: A type of swimwear in Japan, mass-produced for the schools.
gluiness: Alternative form of glueyness
seedplot: A plot of land where seeds are sown.
seedplot: The place where something originates.
stylulus: The elongated apex of a free carpel which functions like the style of a syncarpous ovary, allowing pollen tubes from its stigma to enter the locule of only that carpel.
fairling: A fairing; a present brought from a fair.
devo max: Full fiscal autonomy for Scotland.
angklung: A percussion instrument, originally from Indonesia, made of two bamboo tubes attached to a bamboo frame.
snow mew: Synonym of snowmeow
ockerdom: The world or sphere of ockers (boorish, uncultivated Australians).
octaving: An audio effect in which a signal is combined with another version of itself that is an octave higher or lower.
preflash: A flash produced in advance of the main flash when taking a picture.
logperch: Any fish in the genus Percina.
subboard: A subdivision of a board (in various senses).
hendecad: A set of eleven things.
octagram: An eight-sided star polygon.
boss boy: The black leader of a gang of miners.
bolitics: politics
bolitics: Pronunciation spelling of politics.
actinopt: actinopterygian
mehoriki: Alternative form of moeriki
molehunt: An investigation attempting to identify moles (agents who have infiltrated an organisation).
bowrider: A kind of runabout boat with an open bow area.
aegirite: aegirine
nupharin: A particular ellagitannin.
autoicon: Something that serves as an icon representing itself.
vescalin: A particular ellagitannin.
quotaism: The practice of taking a certain action to fulfil a quota, regardless of the action's merits (for example, ensuring that 10% of students admitted to a college are from a certain ethnic group, regardless of their qualifications).
binarist: One who believes in binarism or in a binary.
Zoharist: Frankist
Zoharism: Frankism
girlkind: All girls, considered as a group.
deseeder: A device for removing seeds.
midnerve: midrib
marcomms: marketing communications
marketor: Archaic form of marketer.
nut quad: Synonym of en quad
enanthal: heptanal
exothrix: Alternative form of ectothrix
embryoma: An embryonal tumor.
embonate: pamoate
epistasy: epistasis
ergosine: Any of a class of ergoloid-like chemicals produced by Claviceps purpurea.
estetrol: 15α-hydroxyestriol, an estrogen steroid hormone produced by the human fetal liver during pregnancy only.
exeresis: The surgical removal of any part or organ.
intortor: A muscle that carries out intorsion.
eucrasia: A condition of harmony or balance among the basic components or humours.
rushfoil: Any of various plants of the genus Croton.
azuresin: A complex of the azure dye 3-amino-7-dimethylamino-phenazathonium chloride coupled with carbacrylic cationic exchange resin.
eugenism: A policy of supporting eugenics.
sheiling: Alternative spelling of shieling
antiflag: A nonincident point-hyperplane pair in a projective space.
extortor: A muscle that carries out extorsion.
hangfire: Alternative form of hang fire
speiring: Alternative form of speering
speering: An enquiry; an asking about something.
rabbling: An uprising; a riot by a mob.
ecoaudit: An audit that assesses the environmental impact of an organisation's activities.
venotomy: surgical incision into a vein
peagoose: A fool; a simpleton.
vulsella: Alternative form of vulsellum
jilleroo: Alternative form of jillaroo
Lipizzan: A horse of a breed closely associated with the Spanish Riding School of Vienna, Austria.
Taysider: A person from Tayside.
pit bing: slag heap
plat-eye: A mythical monster or ghost in the folklore of the West Indies and southern United States; it is a being with large, glowing eyes, capable of shapeshifting and sometimes depicted as a phantom bound to a particular place, such as a cave or grove, as a guardian (for buried treasure, etc).
Muwahhid: A Muslim who is focused on tawhid, the unity of God.
Greenist: A supporter of a green party.
cœnobite: Obsolete spelling of cenobite
afforder: One who, or that which, affords or makes available.
afforder: One who can afford to pay for something (but does not necessarily purchase it).
volsella: A male reproductive appendage in some insects.
volsella: Alternative form of vulsellum
prenaris: One of the anterior nares; a nostril.
anableps: Any of the genus Anableps of "four-eyed" fishes (having eyes raised above the top of the head and divided into two parts) found in brackish waters in northern South America and Trinidad.
pie cart: A form of trailer or caravan (originally a horse-drawn cart) with an elongated window along the side from which pies are sold.
oyntment: Obsolete form of ointment.
lockwork: The assembly forming the firing mechanism of a gun.
lifeling: Little life
winerack: Alternative form of wine rack
shilajit: A tar-like substance used in traditional medicine.
apsidole: A minor apse at the end of a side aisle in a church.
dry line: An imaginary line across a continent that separates moist air from an eastern body of water and dry desert air from the west.
bell end: Alternative spelling of bell-end
bell end: The flanged end of a pipe
bell end: The protective device around the valve of a gas cylinder
bell end: The end of an internal combustion engine that has the bell housing and by extension that end of the crankshaft
muwahhid: Alternative letter-case form of Muwahhid
G.I. Joe: An American soldier.
ball bag: The scrotum.
tatarara: Alternative form of tatterara
oat soda: Beer.
clithead: The clitoral glans.
waterpox: Alternative spelling of water pox (“chickenpox”)
uncarine: Any of a family of oxindole alkaloids.
dillweed: Dill, an aromatic herb used in cooking and medicine; Anethum graveolens.
dillweed: A contemptible person; a fool.
crudzine: A low-quality fanzine.
superlab: A professionally operated and equipped laboratory for the illegal production of drugs.
soulbond: A fictional character to whom an individual forms an emotional attachment.
soulbond: A deep, lasting emotional or spiritual connection between two characters, typically of a psychic or magical nature.
crifanac: Urgent, high-priority fan activity.
pep pill: Synonym of party pill
cibolero: A Spanish colonial, or Mexican, buffalo hunter in New Mexico.
mediafan: A science fiction fan primarily interested in film and/or television.
floodgum: The flooded gum, Eucalyptus rudis.
rose gum: Any of various eucalypts having rose-coloured bark or wood, especially Eucalyptus grandis.
iron gum: Any of various eucalypts of eastern Australia known for their hard wood.
Seaspeak: A controlled form of natural language based on English and designed to facilitate communication between ships whose captains speak different languages.
Gomorran: A native or inhabitant of Gomorrah.
Airspeak: A controlled form of natural language based on English and designed to facilitate communication between aircraft pilots and air traffic controllers.
mommyism: The state or behaviour of a mother and motherhood, especially when emphasized as one's identity in identity politics.
hectacre: One hundred acres.
hectacre: Hectare.
mujtahid: A lawyer entitled to exercise ijtihad.
honkynut: The fruit of a bloodwood of Western Australia, Corymbia calophylla.
chipolin: Alternative form of cipolin (“type of marble”)
wankster: A person who pretends to be a member of an urban gang or affects hip-hop styles and attitudes; a gangster poseur.
dumbbutt: A stupid person; a fool.
resender: That which sends something again.
erpornis: A bird of Southeast Asia, Erpornis zantholeuca.
ball pen: A ballpoint pen.
half-sib: The offspring of only one of one's parents.
half sib: Alternative spelling of half-sib
wormgear: Alternative form of worm gear
Granadan: Someone from Granada, Spain
ayanamsa: The amount of precession.
zimbalom: Alternative form of cimbalom
zoometry: measurement of the bodies of animals
ziraleet: A joyful chant uttered by a group of women in Muslim countries.
quantong: Alternative form of quandong
zitkamer: Sitting room.
quincite: rose-coloured opal
quinzite: Alternative form of quincite
shahadah: Alternative spelling of shahada
Baha'ist: Alternative form of Baháʼíst.
mongtard: An extremely stupid person.
hand gel: antibacterial gel for the hands
manoever: Misspelling of manoeuvre. or maneuver
Eofandom: The earliest period of science fiction fandom (1930–1933).
euglenid: A kind of flagellate distinguished mainly by the presence of a pellicle composed of proteinaceous strips underneath the cell membrane, supported by dorsal and ventral microtubules.
hasbarat: A hasbarist.
doomtard: A proponent of alarmist or eschatological ideas.
ganglord: The leader of a criminal gang.
tonology: The study of tone in human languages.
tonology: The system of rules governing tones in a particular language.
permatan: A perpetual tan.
appriser: One who carries out an apprising.
impacter: One who or that which makes an impact.
keratein: The easily digested reduction product of keratin, in which the disulfide links are reduced to SH groups, the individual peptide chains having been separated.
seabream: Any of several species of marine fish of the families Sparidae or Bramidae found in Atlantic waters.
plushers: Left-over residue in a cask of rum.
sunstead: A solstice.
sandpipe: A pipe conveying sand, as in a steam locomotive, where it deposits sand directly in front of the driving wheels to aid traction.
sandpipe: A perpendicular cylindrical hollow, tapering to a point, occurring in chalk deposits, and usually filled with sand, gravel, or clay.
Marsling: Alternative form of marsling
marsling: An inhabitant or being from Mars; a Martian.
Micawber: A person who is poor but eternally optimistic, believing that "something will turn up", like the fictional character Wilkins Micawber in the 1850 Charles Dickens novel David Copperfield.
strelets: A unit of Russian guardsmen from the 16th to the early 18th centuries, armed with a firearm.
Afropean: A European with African ancestors.
Afropean: Someone of mixed European and African heritage.
congoing: The action or hobby of attending a convention.
waryfish: A deep-sea aulopiform fish of the family Notosudidae.
taxocrat: A politician or bureaucrat supporting excessive taxes or spending.
shithook: Term of abuse.
mizuhiki: Japanese cord made from paper and used to decorate gifts.
mizuhiki: Handicraft or artwork made from Japanese paper cord or similar material.
midorbit: The middle of an orbit.
queerdar: The supposed ability to detect whether or not a person is queer by observing that person.
Nasirean: A follower or adherent of Naṣīr al-Dīn al-Ṭūsī.
roothole: A hole in the ground formed by the growth of plant roots.
kindship: The state, condition, or essence of being kind; kindness.
kindship: An act of kindness.
endearer: One who or that which endears.
outroper: A person to whom the business of selling by auction was confined by statute.
outroper: An officer in London who seized the goods of foreigners sold elsewhere than in the public market.
insertee: One who is penetrated by another during sexual intercourse.
insertor: One who or that which inserts.
insertor: One who penetrates another during sexual intercourse.
microrem: A unit of absorbed radiation equivalent to one millionth of a rem.
fuzznuts: A foolish person; a despised person.
fuzznuts: A boy or young man without pubic hair.
tayammum: The wiping of one's face and hands against dust, sand or a clean physical object in place of wudhu for the bereft or bedridden.
autorack: A railroad vehicle designed for the transport of cars.
Kafirism: The kafir mindset
Koranite: Alternative spelling of Quranite
Koranism: Alternative spelling of Quranism
Koranist: Alternative spelling of Quranist
somickle: Alternative spelling of so mickle
tamborim: A small, round Brazilian frame drum of Portuguese and African origin.
floghera: A Greek folk instrument of the end-blown flute family; a simple form of recorder.
mag book: A container used to store and carry ammunition clips.
mag book: A book in the format of a magazine.
car body: Synonym of auto body
car body: The body of a rail vehicle called a car.
stumpery: A garden feature similar to a rockery but made from parts of dead trees, especially stumps.
achirite: dioptase
acroasis: An oral discourse.
epitenon: A bundle of parallel arrays of fascicles, forming a sheath around tendons.
onballer: Any of the three players (the ruckman, ruck rover, and rover) who usually follow the ball around the ground rather than occupying a fixed position.
foreplan: A plan, device, or strategy created in advance.
agathist: A person who believes in agathism.
affodill: daffodil
inkbrush: A brush used in Chinese calligraphy and painting.
albecore: Archaic spelling of albacore.
albocore: Archaic spelling of albacore.
chavismo: Alternative letter-case form of Chavismo
alabarch: The title of the governor or chief magistrate of the Jews in Alexandria under the Ptolemies and Roman emperors.
forework: A fortifying structure erected for defense, such as an embankment, wall, or tower.
supereon: A time period encompassing more than one eon, principally used to characterize the Precambrian.
pissbaby: A whiny or immature person.
lupicide: The killing of a wolf or wolves.
lupicide: A person who kills a wolf.
mundania: The world outside fandom; the normal, unfannish life.
junk job: A disrespectable job offering no real benefits to the community.
scumfuck: A term of abuse.
chumpion: A gullible champion.
inkstick: A cake of solid ink used in traditional East Asian calligraphy and painting, in combination with an inkstone and inkbrush.
Arvanite: A member of a population group in Greece who traditionally speak Arvanitika, a dialect of Albanian, and who settled in Greece during the late Middle Ages.
all-heal: Alternative spelling of allheal.
almander: almond tree
alms-fee: An annual tax of one penny on every hearth, collected in England and Ireland and sent to Rome, from the beginning of the tenth century until it was abolished by Henry VIII.
door-mat: Alternative spelling of doormat
aloedary: A compound purgative medicine of which aloes is a chief ingredient.
lluellin: Alternative form of fluellin
alphenic: White barley sugar
fluellin: Any of various varieties of Veronica, especially Veronica officinalis; speedwell.
fluellin: Alternative form of fluellen (Kickxia spp.)
carissin: A toxic cardioactive glucoside obtained from a shrub in the genus Carissa.
idoliser: Alternative spelling of idolizer
leafling: A small, tiny, miniature, or immature leaf; a leaflet.
hateblog: A blog dedicated to expressing intense disapproval or hatred of someone or something.
dry-dock: Alternative spelling of drydock
makhorka: A coarse, strong type of tobacco (Nicotiana rustica), especially grown in Russia and Ukraine.
turdpile: A mound of feces.
turdpile: A rude, obnoxious, or contemptible person.
turdpile: Something shoddy or inferior.
tresillo: A type of Latin American musical rhythm consisting of three-beat units.
tresillo: An obsolete letter (Ꜫ, ꜫ) used in colonial Mayan orthographies to indicate a uvular ejective.
artspace: An art gallery that offers art-related activities and events.
clothist: A person who prefers to wear clothes at clothing-optional resorts.
provokee: One who is subjected to provocation.
pardonee: One who receives a pardon.
preachee: One who is preached to; the recipient of a sermon.
borrowee: One from whom something is borrowed; a lender.
subornee: One who is suborned.
paymeter: A payment meter.
Romescot: An alms-fee.
powerist: A proponent of powerism.
powerism: A disposition in geopolitical relations that supports hegemonic influence
quippian: A degree 5 class 3 contravariant of a plane cubic.
fuckbait: Somebody who deserves or merits sex.
fuckbait: A term of abuse.
swaplist: A list of items that the owner wishes to exchange for other items.
druglore: The knowledge or study of drugs and drug culture.
Cayleyan: A variety associated to a hypersurface.
cut card: A brightly coloured plastic card that serves to mark the point where the dealer will reshuffle the cards, to allow the player to cut the deck prior to dealing, and to prevent the bottom card from being exposed during play.
Callafan: A fan of the English singer Sam Callahan.
mechaieh: A pleasure; a joy.
faithist: religionist
faithism: religionism
filmlore: The knowledge, study, science, history, or culture relating to films or moviemaking; cinematology.
shrublet: A little shrub.
cuyunite: binghamite
shredlet: A little shred.
Pasifika: Pacific Islander.
sillibub: Obsolete form of syllabub.
silkette: A cotton fabric that looks and feels like silk.
sierozem: A kind of brownish-grey desert soil.
sailship: sailing ship
khorkhog: A Mongolian dish of meat cooked in a container with hot stones and water.
chub rub: Chafing on the inner thighs caused by the legs rubbing together.
shraddha: A Hindu ceremony performed in commemoration of one's deceased relatives, especially a parent.
nottings: Pronunciation spelling of nothing.
foresign: A sign given in advance; a foreshadow; a premonition; omen.
foresign: An sign, signal, or indicator set in advance, as a control.
howlback: A high-pitched squeal produced by feedback when a microphone is too close to its connected speakers.
custodee: One who is given custody of something.
filmhood: The quality, state, or condition of a film, especially in reference to its cinematic completion, achievement, accomplishment, or success.
Floridan: A native or resident of Florida.
ice road: A type of winter road, built on frozen terrain and frozen bodies of water, with a road surface built from ice, typically reinforced by freezing applied water onto the top.
danderer: One who danders.
Somalist: A proponent of Somalism.
Sudanism: A characteristically Sudanese cultural feature, such as a belief, custom or linguistic feature.
Ezralite: A fan of the American rock band Better Than Ezra.
Sudanist: A proponent of Sudanism.
songling: A small, young, or miniature songbird.
seatmile: Alternative form of seat-mile
Crimhead: A fan of the English rock band King Crimson.
Zahirite: A Muslim proponent of Zahirism.
Zahirist: Zahiri
Zahirism: The Sunni Islamic movement that promotes the apparent meaning of the Quran.
Salafite: Salafi
pandeism: A belief in a god who is both pantheistic and deistic, in particular a god who designed the universe and then became it and ceased to exist separately and act consciously with respect to it.
pandeism: Worship which admits or tolerates favourable aspects of all religions; omnitheism.
foredoor: A door located at the fore part of a house or dwelling; front door.
forepack: A pack or container carried or located on the front or forward side.
foretest: A test conducted or given beforehand; a preliminary test conducted before the inception of an experiment or evaluation.
boozeroo: A session of alcohol drinking.
dash cam: Alternative form of dashcam.
lastrile: A kind of elastic fiber made from a co-polymer composed of a diene and of not more than 50 per cent but not less than 10 per cent by mass of acrylonitrile units.
notehead: The elliptical head of a note in musical notation.
notehead: A letterhead.
ultimism: The quasireligious proposition that there is some ultimate phenomenon that is the source of good.
underman: A man who is subordinate to, inferior to, or in some way disadvantageously placed with respect to others.
underman: A member of an acrobatic team who supports the others in his act.
wet wipe: A small moistened piece of paper or cloth for cleaning or personal hygiene, often folded and individually wrapped for convenience.
wet wipe: An annoying or contemptible person.
rosy boa: Lichanura trivirgata, a snake of the Boidae family.
bozo bin: kill file
siberite: A violet form of tourmaline sometimes used as a gemstone.
stefnist: Alternative form of stfnist
idiosoma: The posterior portion of the body of a mite.
matchpot: A miniature pot of paint, intended to be used as a sample for matching an existing colour.
foreload: A load placed on the front or forward part of anything.
foreload: The weight that acts on muscle once it begins to contract; increased end-diastolic volume.
foukousa: Alternative form of fukusa
Hanafist: Synonym of Hanafi
Hanafite: Synonym of Hanafi
Hanafism: A Sunni school of thought that follows Abu Hanifa.
autolith: A rock fragment that has become enveloped in a larger rock of a similar type, during the latter's development and hardening.
flasklet: A small flask; a phial.
froghood: The state or period of being a frog.
flavorer: One who or that which flavors.
autoland: An instance of autolanding.
floodlet: A small flood.
forewall: The foremost outer wall of a fortification; rampart, bulwark.
foreteam: The front shaft or pole of a wheeled vehicle.
evectant: A contravariant constructed from an invariant by acting on it with a differential operator called an evector.
bandhani: A style of tie-dyeing practised in parts of India.
cryobank: A biobank where cryogenically preserved material is stored.
shawabti: Alternative form of ushabti
fratress: A woman in charge of the furniture in a convent.
Malikite: Alternative spelling of Maliki
Ziomedia: A form of journalism that is slanted towards a Jewish or Israeli point of view.
Malikism: A Sunnite school of thought, founded by Malik ibn Anas, that privileges the practices of Medinan scholars.
Malikist: Alternative spelling of Maliki
barf bag: a bag or sack used to catch and contain vomit
barf bag: A term of abuse.
novocain: Dated spelling of novocaine.
pitambar: A yellow silk cloth or shawl.
angarkha: a traditional outer upper garment worn by men, it is tied using strings in place of buttons
lovelore: The knowledge, science, study, or history of love.
lovelore: A romantic tale; a romance.
jharokha: A type of enclosed overhanging balcony in Indian architecture.
clothoid: A plane curve whose curvature at any point is proportional to distance along it.
phatness: Fullness, richness, body.
Eurofizz: Overly fizzy and bland-tasting European lager.
normcore: A unisex fashion trend characterized by average-looking, unpretentious clothing.
normcore: Any style that is mainstream or unremarkable.
Asperger: Somebody who has Asperger's syndrome.
timesink: Alternative form of time sink
leucojum: Any member of either of the species of the genus Leucojum, from the amaryllid family:
leucojum: Leucojum aestivum (summer snowflake, Loddon lily)
leucojum: Any member of either of the species of the genus Leucojum, from the amaryllid family:
leucojum: Leucojum vernum (spring snowflake, snowbell, dewdrop, St. Agnes' flower)
storyman: One who writes the storyline for an animated cartoon.
cryotomy: The use of a cryotome in the preparation of thin, frozen samples of biological tissue.
telelens: telephoto lens
whumpage: Alternative form of whompage
kanchuki: A tight women's garment worn around the upper body in India.
gun worm: A corkscrew-like device used to remove unspent charges from the barrel of a musket.
blissdom: The world, sphere, influence, or state of bliss; blissfulness.
leafspot: A round blemish on the leaf of a plant, usually caused by parasitic fungi or bacteria.
sprogget: child
manscara: Mascara designed for and/or marketed toward men.
Blaxican: A person of mixed African-American and Mexican descent.
fake fan: Alternative form of fakefan
fake fan: Someone who falsely claims to be a fan.
payraise: Alternative form of pay raise
radwaste: radioactive waste
fake-fan: Alternative form of fakefan
uintaite: gilsonite
Bœotarch: Obsolete form of Boeotarch.
vernalin: A hypothetical plant hormone thought to be responsible for vernalization.
uberchef: A very successful chef.
anelloni: A type of pasta similar to rigatoni but with ridges on the inside.
anelloni: A type of pasta developed to investigate ring-shaped polymers.
typecase: A case containing the printer's type characters.
Ubaidian: A person who lived during the Ubaid period of prehistory.
shavasan: Alternative form of savasana
Jivaroan: A member of the Jivaro peoples.
isophene: A line (on a map, etc.) joining places where a particular biological phenomenon is exhibited in the same way, such as where plants flower at the same time (an isanthesic) or where the same proportion of clines is found.
havaldar: Alternative form of havildar
Isaurian: A native or inhabitant of Isauria.
Bubbette: A working-class white female from the rural American South, stereotyped as ignorant, unrefined, etc.
pay rise: An increase in salary or wages.
raatrani: The night-blooming cestrum, Cestrum nocturnum.
padmasan: Alternative form of padmasana
shikhara: A spire or pyramid-shaped tower forming part of a Hindu temple.
decklist: A list of the cards in a player's deck, in a collectible card game.
kelpwort: The plant kali.
stabwort: Aster atticus, the European Michaelmas daisy.
spurwort: Sherardia arvensis, a flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.
hoodwort: A plant, Scutellaria galericulata, the common skullcap.
talewort: A plant, the common borage.
hillwort: Calamintha nepeta, a perennial herb in the mint family.
holewort: Alternative form of hollowwort
moorwort: A plant, the staggerbush.
subcosta: The first major vein behind the costa on an insect wing
duckmole: Synonym of platypus
momnesia: Forgetfulness in a pregnant woman or mother.
haemalum: Alternative form of hemalum
giveness: The act of giving or yielding; submission; concession; allowance.
ikupasuy: A ceremonial carved wooden stick used by Ainu men when making offerings to spirits.
zero-gee: Alternative form of zero G
zero gee: Alternative form of zero G
swaining: Lovemaking; courtship.
liverock: A rocky material made of calcium carbonate or other calcareous materials, usually derived from the skeletons of dead coral. It is home to various marine animals, algae and bacteria and is used as an important part of the aquascaping and biological filtration in marine aquaria.
hypercar: An extremely high-performance sports car, ranking above a supercar.
cabinboy: Alternative form of cabin boy
quaalude: Alternative letter-case form of Quaalude
kneegrow: Alternative form of negro
taaghoot: Alternative form of taghut
hemipore: A structural unit of some proteins consisting of three helical transmembranes domains.
tifaifai: Alternative form of tivaevae
tivaivai: Alternative form of tivaevae
tivaevae: A form of artistic quilting traditionally done by Polynesian women.
tivaevae: A quilt produced by this technique.
lionitis: craniodiaphyseal dysplasia: a rare autosomal-recessive bone disorder that causes calcium to build up in the skull, disfiguring the facial features and reducing life expectancy
ponyfoot: A plant of the genus Dichondra
parology: Misspelling of paralogy.
Dane axe: An early battle axe, primarily used during the transition between the European Viking Age and early Middle Ages.
skerping: In the Faroese language, the phenomenon where back vowels are fronted before [kv], and certain diphthongs are monophthongized before [tʃː].
shahidka: A female shaheed.
apparell: Obsolete form of apparel.
jetplane: Alternative form of jet plane
linkfest: A situation where there are many hyperlinks.
Aspergic: A person who has Asperger's syndrome.
ikurriña: The flag of the Basque Country.
subroute: A secondary or subsidiary route.
Hazarika: an officer appointed as head of a thousand soldiers during Ahom rule in Assam
rebujito: A drink made from manzanilla sherry and lemonade.
nonissue: Alternative spelling of non-issue
Ibadhite: Ibadi
bedboard: The headboard or footboard of a bed.
bedboard: The part of the bed consisting of a board under the mattress.
Ibadhism: Alternative spelling of Ibadism
igneduct: A structure carrying fire or a molten or fiery substance.
reedpipe: Alternative form of reed pipe
agonizer: One who agonizes.
safarier: A tourist taking part in a safari
sorpotel: Alternative form of sarapatel
creoloid: A language that resembles a creole but did not go through the pidgin stage.
malasada: A Portuguese confection of yeast dough formed into a ball, deep-fried in oil, and coated with sugar.
holy day: a religious festival
pig pile: A disorderly pile of people formed by jumping upon a victim.
hot lava: A children's game in which players must traverse a room or area without stepping on the floor or ground.
baurioid: Any therocephalian therapsid of the superfamily Baurioidea.
actogram: A graphical representation of the activity of an animal that has been isolated from environmental cues as to the time of day.
loveteam: A pair of actors or television presenters who are promoted as a romantic couple.
zonogram: An image produced by zonography.
defrutum: A reduction of must in Ancient Roman cuisine, made by boiling down grape juice or must in large kettles until reduced to half of the original volume.
hilltown: Alternative form of hill town
phulkari: A style of Punjabi embroidery characterized by patterns of flowers.
phulkari: A cloth or garment embroidered in this style.
cytocine: Misspelling of cytosine.
enramada: A shelter made with tree branches.
epinemin: A protein associated with vimentin filaments.
fuckship: A union based primarily on sex.
maturase: Any of a group of proteins that splice introns; any gene that codes for such a protein
kiskadee: Either of two species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.
funerall: Obsolete form of funeral.
wing fic: Alternative form of wingfic
utilizer: One who utilizes.
angstfic: A fanfic which deals with tragic situations and themes.
angstfic: Such fan fiction collectively
tonotopy: The spatial arrangement of the processing of sounds of different frequencies within the auditory system.
brinicle: A formation of frozen brine, occurring beneath sea ice and analogous to a stalactite.
pauraque: A species of nightjar found from the far southern part of the US through Central and South America, Nyctidromus albicollis.
Egyptiac: a mixture of vinegar, honey, verdigris and sometimes burnt alum formerly used as a detergent, Egyptian ointment
carputer: A form of personal computer or similar device designed to be installed in the dashboard of a car
monotask: A single task performed while not performing other tasks (i.e. not multitasking).
Zapatist: Alternative form of Zapatista
otectomy: The surgical removal of (part of) the ear.
overjolt: An overdose of heroin or other recreational drug.
referend: referent; something referred to
oversite: A layer of concrete underneath the ground floor of a building, as a seal
oversite: An oversite slab, a slab on grade, a flat, solid layer of concrete laid over prepared ground, usually serving as a base for flooring or for pouring the reinforced concrete floor slab (base plate).
typeover: overtype (wordprocessing feature)
proggins: proctor
rhingyll: A sergeant (inferior officer attendant on magistrates).
xiehouyu: A kind of Chinese proverb consisting of two elements: the former segment presents a novel scenario while the latter provides the rationale thereof. One would often only state the first part, expecting the listener to know the second. Compare English "a stitch in time (saves nine)" or "a bird in the hand (is worth two in the bush)".
falanaka: Archaic form of falanouc.
anneloni: Misspelling of anelloni.
Isma'ili: Alternative spelling of Ismaili
calebash: Obsolete form of calabash.
varanine: A monitor lizard; a member of the subfamily Varaninae.
faveolus: A small pit or cavity, resembling a cell of a honeycomb
wallfish: edible snail
lockbolt: A fastener in the form of a pin fitted with a collar placed over the locking bolt.
oxyjoule: The number of joules of heat energy produced per unit of oxygen consumption.
forelash: A negative reaction to something that has not yet occurred.
athanasy: An absence of death or the condition of everlasting life.
sillyfic: A fanfic intended to be humorous or absurd.
sillyfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
sumotori: A sumo wrestler.
oligemia: Alternative form of oligaemia
oxyhaeme: Alternative form of oxyheme
wheatsel: The time when wheat is sown.
dustpile: A pile of dust and other material, typically composed household refuse.
theopath: One who practices theopathy.
synthane: Difluoromethyl 1,2,2,3,3-pentafluoropropyl ether, a halocarbon agent investigated as an inhalational anesthetic but never marketed.
Hutuness: Quality of being Hutu.
ALL CAPS: Alternative letter-case form of all caps
Serbness: The state or quality that is characteristic of Serbs, in terms of cultural of ethnic identity.
diclofop: A particular herbicide.
phisicke: Obsolete form of physic.
airstaff: The staff of a radio station whose voices are broadcast.
cat cafe: Alternative spelling of cat café
clarissa: Alternative letter-case form of Clarissa: a nun of the Order of Saint Clare.
axophyte: Any plant with an axis or stem
Juan Doe: A Latino male who is unknown, a John Doe of Latin descent.
reseeder: Any plant that reproduces by reseeding after a fire
runnerup: Alternative form of runner-up
clannist: A person who believes that their clan is superior to others.
clannism: Prejudice based on clan affiliation.
cronydom: cronyism
washback: The way that tests affect how learners acquire and use a language.
washback: A large vessel used for fermentation in a distillery.
twattery: obnoxious or antisocial behaviour
kundiman: A traditional Filipino love song or serenade.
adhesine: Misspelling of adhesin.
railbike: A form of bicycle designed to be ridden along a railway track.
Unwinese: A playful style of gibberish used by British comedian Stanley Unwin (1911-2002).
lummocks: Alternative form of lummox
trepipam: The benzazepine dopaminergic agent 7,8-dimethoxy-3-methyl-5-phenyl-1,2,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine.
morforex: The anorectic 4-[2-[(α-methylphenethyl)amino]ethyl]morpholine.
slashdom: The culture or community of slash fiction writers.
swadeshi: A policy of nationalist self-sufficiency in India, involving the revival and promotion of domestic production and (originally) the boycott of British products.
profichi: The crop of caprifig collected in the spring
wireroom: A room in which wires (telegrams or their modern equivalent) are received and acted on
bombload: The amount of ordnance held by a bomber aircraft.
debagger: A machine that tears open bags to remove the contents.
mhammara: Alternative form of muhammara
Luzonian: A native or inhabitant of Luzon.
soumbala: Alternative form of sumbala
aspergil: Alternative form of aspergillum
colonche: An ancient Mexican alcoholic drink made from nopal.
biofraud: Fraud in the context of biotechnology or a biological study.
eccyesis: ectopic pregnancy
vairagya: detachment from the material world
karagane: A grey fox found in the former Russian Empire.
thietsie: Alternative form of thitsee
paynimry: Archaic form of paganry.
healthie: A selfie taken during a workout session, typically to show one's commitment to health and fitness.
skifield: An area of snow used for skiing.
heresiac: heretic
ourology: Archaic form of urology.
heregeld: Danegeld
heregeld: heriot
Rafidite: Synonym of rafidi
subtoken: A portion of a token (atomic piece of data).
chirimen: Japanese raw silk crêpe, widely used to make kimono.
Nerdvana: Alternative letter-case form of nerdvana
edgeplay: Alternative form of edge play
nerdvana: A place or state of happiness and fulfillment for nerds.
petuchah: Alternative spelling of petuhah
painplay: Any sexual practice involving the intentional infliction of pain.
wax play: Alternative form of waxplay
topspace: The psychological state of the dominant or "top" during sadomasochistic activity.
endboard: Either of the front and back boards enclosing the pages of a hardback book.
endboard: The logo or image that concludes an ident sequence.
parashah: A section of a book in the Hebrew text of the Tanakh, which may be open (a petuhah) or closed (a setumah).
parashah: One of 54 sections of the Torah read weekly by religious Jews, particularly in the synagogue on the morning of the Jewish Sabbath
karkadeh: Alternative form of carcade (“infusion made from roselle”)
zakatchi: A tax collector in what is now Uzbekistan.
amlakdar: A senior tax collector in what is now Uzbekistan.
mudiriya: Alternative form of mudiriyah
akudjura: Powdered kutjera, used as a seasoning.
shabiyah: A top-level administrative division in Libya.
cuchinta: Alternative form of kutsinta
askefise: One who blows on ashes to bring them to flame.
aurilave: An instrument for cleansing the ear, consisting of a small piece of sponge on an ivory or bone handle.
aurilave: An ear-brush.
colopexy: The attachment of a portion of the colon to the abdominal wall.
kutsinta: A red or yellow steamed rice cake with a chewy, jelly-like consistency, popular in the Philippines.
Pala'wan: An inhabitant of the island of Palawan.
Palawano: An inhabitant of the island of Palawan.
Palaweño: An inhabitant of the Palawan island.
autology: The study of oneself.
autology: The property of a word or phrase which describes itself.
autology: The ability of a concept to apply to itself; self-reference.
hole saw: A saw in the form of a hollow cylinder with teeth on the end or edge, used to produce holes on the workpiece and operated by rotation, often as an accessory to a power drill.
bran tub: A tub filled with bran in which small gifts are buried as a lucky dip
cornsack: A sack for carrying corn.
solo run: A run made while soloing (and possibly bouncing) the football.
solo run: Action taken without consultation of colleagues or approval of superiors.
sun line: A navigator's observation of the Sun to determine latitude.
medimnos: An Ancient Greek unit of volume, varying by region but in Attica approximately 51.84 litres.
nonsmile: A facial expression that is not a (genuine) smile.
nonsinse: Pronunciation spelling of nonsense.
nonlight: Something which is not light or lacks light (in various senses).
nonlogic: That which is not logic.
nonblood: That which is not blood.
nonsince: Pronunciation spelling of nonsense.
nonlover: One who is not a lover, or who does not love.
nitidity: Quality of being nitid; brightness; clarity.
jaw worm: gnathostomulid
snow gum: Any of various eucalypts associated with snowy areas, especially Eucalyptus pauciflora, a flowering shrub of southeastern Australia and Tasmania occurring either side of the snowline; and Eucalyptus coccifera of subalpine Tasmania.
nonthing: That which is not a thing.
nonclone: An organism that is not a clone.
nonfaith: Absence of religious faith.
nonfaith: Any system of belief that is not a religious faith.
Viscount: The title of a viscount.
abamurus: A retaining wall; a wall erected to strengthen another wall.
hair rig: A piece of tackle allowing the bait to be linked to the hook by a thread rather than directly mounted on the hook.
swimbait: A kind of fishing lure that imitates a swimming fish.
nonplush: nonplus
nonsound: That which is not sound (something audible).
doohicky: Alternative spelling of doohickey
nonvalue: That which is not a value (in various senses).
blathery: That which is unsubstantial, trashy, or deceptive.
waacking: A style of disco dance involving rhythmic footwork and moving one's arms to the beat.
bullyman: A police officer.
nepouite: A rare apple-green nickel silicate mineral.
stützite: A particular silver telluride mineral.
wilkeite: fluorellestadite
ceratium: An orchid (Eria compressa).
elitedom: The realm or sphere of the elite.
perleche: Alternative form of perlèche
perlèche: angular cheilitis: inflammation of one or both of the corners of the mouth
hazelhen: A hazel grouse.
grabbler: A person who grabbles.
grabbler: A person who grabs or grasps for something.
grabbler: A person who grabbles.
grabbler: One who harvests food (such as tubers or peanuts) by digging it up with the hands.
grabbler: A person who grabbles.
grabbler: A person who catches fish by feeling with the hand.
grabbler: A tool for grabbling.
grabbler: An implement used for grabbling (digging up) tubers.
grabbler: A tool for grabbling.
grabbler: An implement used to extract bodies from the water.
cheverel: Kid, as used to make leather.
criadera: A tier of sherry barrels in a solera
workhour: A time during which one is doing their job.
workhour: A time during which most people are doing their jobs; typically 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday to Friday.
coraller: A person who dives into deep water to collect coral.
Keralite: A native or inhabitant of the Indian state of Kerala.
boldship: The characteristic of being bold; boldness.
ansonica: A white grape variety used in various parts of Italy
spinquel: A spin-off taking the form of a prequel.
mistella: Alternative form of mistelle (alcoholic drink)
scumhead: A term of abuse.
scumhole: A lousy, disreputable, or disgusting place.
scumhole: A term of abuse.
scumbutt: A term of abuse.
slimewad: A term of abuse.
bentness: Quality of being bent.
dirthead: A term of abuse.
pyohemia: Alternative form of pyaemia
snothead: A term of abuse.
neolatry: The worship of novelty; excessive fondness for new things or ideas.
Web page: Alternative form of web page
gapeseed: Alternative form of gape seed
your man: The expert one does or should turn to.
mujadara: Alternative spelling of mujaddara
maklouba: Alternative spelling of maqluba
agalwood: Alternative form of agarwood
Freirean: A follower of Paulo Freire.
day-work: Alternative spelling of daywork
day work: Alternative spelling of daywork
snotface: A term of abuse.
jaw-bone: Alternative spelling of jawbone
fish oil: A dietary supplement made up of oil derived from the tissues of oily fish, manufactured and sold in liquid, capsule and tablet forms.
mufassil: Alternative form of mofussil
plumtree: Alternative form of plum tree
cook pot: Alternative form of cookpot
cubemate: A coworker who shares the same cubicle.
cybernat: A Scottish nationalist who takes part in Internet activism.
Zenonist: A follower of Zenonism.
Zenoness: The state of being Zeno.
Zenonian: A follower of any of various people named Zeno.
Zenonism: The philosophy of Zeno of Citium; stoicism.
Zenonism: A philosophical framework in which a finite continuum is regarded as an infinite number of discrete elements.
dogsicle: A cold or frozen dog.
pigsicle: A cold or frozen pig.
catsicle: A cold or frozen cat.
mansicle: A cold or frozen man.
totsicle: An embryo conceived through in vitro fertilization and cryopreserved for later use in an attempt to achieve pregnancy through embryo transfer.
kidsicle: A cold or frozen child.
pub golf: A drinking game in which drinkers visit a number of pubs (analogous to the holes of a golf course) and attempt to consume a drink at each in the fewest sips possible (analogous to the number of strokes taken to sink the ball).
Momzilla: Alternative letter-case form of momzilla
imbedder: Alternative form of embedder
momzilla: A controlling or overinvolved mother.
Hinduist: A proponent of Hinduism.
cœnobium: Obsolete spelling of cenobium
logatome: A short pseudoword, typically of a single syllable.
Princess: The title of a princess.
oghamist: Alternative letter-case form of Oghamist
Oghamist: Someone who specialises in the academic study of Ogham inscriptions.
old fogy: Alternative spelling of old fogey
peregrin: Obsolete form of peregrine.
sasanqua: A camellia, Camellia sasanqua, native to China and Japan.
coin die: Any of the (usually metal) stamps used in pairs during hammered coining to strike impressions of designs onto their obverse and reverse faces.
exudence: Something exuded; an exudate.
subtweet: A tweet that refers to another user without tagging their name in the message, so that the user being talked about is not automatically notified.
creditee: A person who is given credit to make a purchase.
similect: A variety of a language spoken by people who have a different first language, with features transferred from the first language in parallel by individual speakers rather than by a cohesive group.
foundouk: Alternative spelling of fonduk
churrera: A device for making churros by extruding dough under pressure.
lexicase: A form of dependency grammar incorporating elements of case grammar and focusing on the lexicon.
shitball: Term of abuse.
Mesogoth: Alternative form of Moesogoth
thugette: A female thug (intimidating or violent person; hoodlum).
trollage: trolling (making inflammatory posts or comments to annoy others on the Internet)
lie bump: A painful hypertrophic red and white papilla on the tongue.
heat rub: A cream, gel, etc. intended to relieve the pain of fibrositis, lumbago, or muscular aches and strains, by producing a feeling of warmth within the muscle of the area where it is applied.
moonhood: The state or quality of being a moon.
bumsicle: A homeless person afflicted with hypothermia as a result of living outdoors in winter.
exopause: The starting altitude of the exosphere of a celestial body.
cha shao: Alternative form of char siu
usedness: The quality of being used, or having been used.
A. G. I.: Alternative form of AGI
A. S. I.: Alternative form of ASI
speedbag: Alternative form of speed bag
Aghlabid: Any member of an Arab dynasty of emirs who ruled Ifriqiya and parts of Southern Italy, nominally on behalf of the Abbasid Caliph, from 800–909 CE.
Aghlabid: attributive form of Aghlabids; the dynasty of the Aghlabids.
ass pull: Alternative form of ass-pull
bull run: An event in which people run with bulls in the streets.
bull run: A contiguous period during which a stock market is a bull market.
ass-pull: A hastily fabricated explanation or contrived plot twist.
paseíllo: The parade before the start of a bullfight, when all the bullfighters enter the arena.
Agarthan: A native or inhabitant of Agartha.
swingout: The principal dance move in Lindy Hop
e-invite: Synonym of e-invitation
lactenin: A nitrogenous substance present in milk, with antimicrobial properties.
lepromin: A preparation of the leprosy bacillus, used in diagnostic tests to identify what kind of leprosy a person has.
riskware: software that may pose a risk to a computer on which it is installed
ligandin: Glutathione S-transferase
leucosis: A leukemia-like malignant viral disease found in animals, particularly poultry and cattle.
leucosis: Whiteness of the skin; pallor.
leucosis: Synonym of albedo
formycin: A C-nucleoside, (2S,3R,4S,5R)-2-(7-amino-2H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-3-yl)-5-(hydroxymethyl)oxolane-3,4-diol, that inhibits the E. coli enzyme purine nucleoside phosphorylase
anataxis: difference in ordering between consecutive syntactic layers
debutard: A young, wealthy person (especially a girl or woman) lacking in intelligence or common sense.
lipedema: A chronic disorder of adipose tissue, generally affecting the legs.
aquafarm: A facility where aquaculture is carried out.
lysergol: An alkaloid of the ergoline family, found in some fungi and in the morning glory family of plants.
lygodium: Any of the genus Lygodium of climbing ferns.
e-leader: The leader of a team that uses, or communicates through, computer technology.
bald cap: A wig-like cap simulating the appearance of a bald or partially bald head, worn primarily by actors and clowns.
Asatruan: Asatruist
merwitch: A mermaid witch.
bakelite: Alternative form of Bakelite
galabieh: Alternative form of djellaba
e-friend: A friend with whom one communicates via the Internet.
Bili ape: A gorilla-like type of chimpanzee found in the Bili Forest of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
chechako: Alternative form of cheechako
babycino: A drink of frothed milk without coffee.
Czechian: A Czech.
unarrest: The act of cancelling an arrest.
love jug: A female breast.
mesnalty: The position or land of a mesne lord.
Noachite: Alternative form of Noahide
Noachide: Alternative form of Noahide
cray-dar: The ability to detect whether or not a person is crazy.
shoegasm: An intense excitement or pleasure caused by looking at, wearing, or buying shoes.
blackdar: The ability to detect whether or not a person is of African ancestry by observing that person.
posadero: An innkeeper in a Spanish-speaking place.
botch-up: A botched job.
drizzler: A kitchen utensil with a handle and a head appropriate for drizzling a viscous liquid, such as honey.
drizzler: Any pouring device intended to allow liquids to be drizzled.
anguiped: A mythological creature that had serpents in place of legs
five-way: A serving of Cincinnati chili with spaghetti, cheese, onions, and beans.
four-way: A serving of Cincinnati chili with spaghetti, cheese, and onions or sometimes beans.
angelate: A salt or ester of angelic acid.
floretum: A garden where flowers are grown for research purposes.
pixiness: Quality of being pixyish.
dysphony: Dated form of dysphonia.
Puyallup: A member of a Native American tribe from western Washington state.
facefuck: An act of thrusting one's penis into the mouth or throat of someone.
bladejob: An act of blading, or intentionally cutting to provoke bleeding.
feminerd: A feminist nerd, especially a woman.
swanbill: A style of corset, worn at the start of the 20th century, with a rigid straight busk at the front, forcing the torso forward and causing the hips to jut out at the rear.
peppadew: A kind of sweet pepper, a cultivar of Capsicum baccatum.
fallower: A person or machine that fallows, a reaper or plowman.
folkgame: A traditional game associated with (the children of) a community.
raintree: Alternative form of rain tree
time-use: The utilisation or use of time.
tramshed: a building where trams are housed; a tram depot.
openture: Refraining from seeking a resolution or ending for an emotionally difficult experience.
onyxitis: Alternative form of onychitis
granther: grandfather
Saratoga: A cocktail resembling a Manhattan, with the base split between rye whiskey and cognac or brandy.
Likudnik: A supporter of the Israeli political party Likud.
belchild: A grandchild.
belandre: A small flat-bottomed craft, used principally on the rivers, canals, and roadsteads of France.
ice-safe: An early icebox or refrigerator.
bigature: A very large scale model.
agalaxia: Alternative form of agalactia
neckmold: Alternative form of neckmould
notalgia: back pain
Kiwanian: A member of Kiwanis, an international coeducational service club founded in 1915 in Detroit, Michigan.
theinism: theism
Graecity: Adoption of Greek naming and/or the Greek language.
Graecity: Greek (especially linguistically Greek) character or style.
Graecity: Greek texts and other language materials, regarded as a corpus.
otherdom: The state, condition, or existence of others; the tendency toward preferring, serving, or doing for others; selflessness.
softship: A situation marked by ease, comfort, or convenience.
wossname: whatsitsname
rat hole: Alternative form of rathole
lidderon: One who is lazy, idle, or bad; rascal; scoundrel; a weakling.
split-up: A break-up.
tax year: Synonym of fiscal year
sunquake: A quake occurring on the Sun.
daladala: A Tanzanian matatu or share taxi.
earspool: A short cylindrical piece of jewellery traditionally worn in an ear piercing.
dogeship: The role or status of doge (chief magistrate).
forespur: A spur positioned at the fore, or facing forward.
forelove: Love in advance.
Züricher: Alternative form of Zuricher
semiloop: A hiking route involving a loop and partial retracing of one's earlier steps.
wood gum: xylan
travoise: Alternative form of travois
isospore: One of the spores produced by an isosporous organism.
isodrome: A method of moving a fleet from one formation to another, the direction usually being changed eight points, by means of paths of equal length for each ship.
lace bug: Any insect in the family Tingidae, named for the lace-like appearance of the wings and pronotum.
squizzle: A small amount of liquid, etc.; a squirt.
koftgari: Ornamental work produced by inlaying steel with gold; a variety of damascening common in Indian art.
ergmeter: An instrument for measuring energy in ergs.
vargueno: A decorative cabinet of a kind originating near Toledo in Spain, having a rectangular body supported on legs or an ornamental framework, and a front that opens downwards on hinges to serve as a writing desk.
vegetism: vegetal state or characteristic
Marinist: A poet who adopted the style of Marinism.
Marinism: An ornate, witty style of poetry and verse drama written in imitation of Giambattista Marino (1569-1625).
mastabah: Alternative form of mastaba
toad bug: Any insect in the family Gelastocoridae, which are predatory riparian true bugs
mhometer: An instrument for measuring conductivity.
flat bug: Any insect in the family Aradidae, true bugs that are mostly flat-bodied and live under tree-bark.
man-bird: A male aviator.
kuromido: A Japanese alloy of copper with a small amount of arsenic.
frostbow: A white arc or circle in the sky during frosty weather, formed by reflection of sunlight from ice crystals floating in the air.
Sumirian: Alternative form of Sumerian
frisette: Alternative form of frizette.
nosophen: An iodine compound obtained as a yellowish-grey powder by the action of iodine on phenolphthalein.
washrack: Part of a stable or garage where an animal or vehicle can be conveniently washed.
graftage: The science of grafting, including the various methods of practice and details of operation.
gaussage: The intensity of a magnetic field, expressed in gausses.
glosseme: The smallest irreducible unit of both the content and expression planes of language; the basic unit of language in the theory of glossematics.
suastica: Obsolete form of swastika.
gaselier: Alternative form of gasalier
instroke: An inward stroke; specifically, in a steam engine or other engine, a stroke in which the piston is moving away from the crankshaft.
tear sac: Synonym of lacrimal sac.
parakite: A train or series of kites on one string and flying tandem, used for attaining great heights and for sending up instruments for meteorological observations or a person for military reconnaissance.
parakite: An individual kite of such a train.
pipewood: An ericaceous shrub of the southern United States, whose wood can be used to make pipe bowls.
swastica: Obsolete form of swastika.
rheocrat: A kind of motor speed controller permitting gradual variation in speed, and reversal. It is especially suitable for use with motor-driven machine tools.
obeahism: Alternative form of obiism
osmogene: An apparatus, consisting of a number of cells whose sides are of parchment paper, for conducting the process of osmosis. It is used especially in sugar refining to remove potassium salts from the molasses.
orometer: An aneroid barometer having a second scale that gives the approximate elevation above sea level of the place where the observation is made.
ondogram: The recording produced by an ondograph.
cowalker: A phantom or astral body deemed to be separable from the physical body and capable of acting independently; a doppelganger.
conenose: conenose bug
drybrush: A form of brushwork that involves stroking lightly with a minimally loaded brush to create a textured look.
gnat bug: Any insect in the family Enicocephalidae.
toc emma: Trench mortar.
greeneye: Any of the deep-sea fish of the family Chlorophthalmidae, that have large iridescent eyes with green lenses.
paussine: Any of the subfamily Paussinae of ground beetles, most of which live as predators in ants' nests.
enlister: One who enlists.
nabobism: The attitudes or policies of nabobs.
kangeroo: Archaic form of kangaroo.
cyclecar: A small, lightweight, inexpensive car manufactured in the early twentieth century, characterised by the use of basic materials and sometimes fragile engineering.
bindaloo: Dated form of vindaloo.
chittack: An old Indian unit of weight, equal to five siccas or one sixteenth of a seer.
steponey: Obsolete form of stepony.
busbayne: A seasoned stew of chicken and pork with egg yolks.
bee wine: A home-made wine made by fermenting sugar with yeast.
kolinski: Alternative form of kolinsky
hailfall: An instance of hail falling.
hailfall: The amount of hail that falls on one occasion.
fecality: The quality of being fecal.
Kolushan: Tlingit
twelvish: Any time close to 12 o'clock.
pamperdy: A form of eggy bread or French toast, the egg mixture being poured onto the bread during cooking.
Jehovism: Jehovist beliefs or principles generally.
Jehovism: The use of Jehovah instead of Elohim as the name of the Supreme Being.
Quichuan: Dated form of Quechuan.
Elsatian: A native or inhabitant of Alsace.
orograph: A machine for use in making topographical maps, operated by being pushed across country, and recording distances and elevations.
pandeist: One who believes in pandeism, a blend of pantheism and deism.
pandeist: one who believes in the truth of all religions
aspersor: Alternative form of asperser
scullcap: Archaic form of skullcap.
pyrosoda: A mixture of pyrogallic acid and soda used as a photographic developer.
pimp cup: A type of bling, in the form of a highly decorated chalice, associated with hip-hop culture
funicity: An inbuilt quality of materials that permanently “remember” their original time and place of creation.
funicity: The reflection of an object's own history in its current form.
frumgild: In Anglo-Saxon law, the first payment made to the kindred of a person slain, toward the recompense of his murder.
nastoyka: A Slavic liqueur containing an infusion of herbs and/or fruits in brandy or similar spirit
sutegana: Japanese small okurigana used with kanbun or small kana used for diphthongs.
footgoer: One who goes by foot; a walker; pedestrian.
Morelian: A native or inhabitant of Morelia, a city in Mexico.
overslay: A lintel.
asialism: Decrease or absence of salivary secretion; xerostomia.
demotics: The area of knowledge relating to the care and culture of the people; sociology in its broadest sense.
duograph: A picture printed from two halftone photographic plates made with the screen set at different angles, and usually printed in two shades of the same colour or in black and one tint.
schpritz: Alternative form of spritz
amylogen: The water-soluble part of granulose.
woodmeal: Ground-up wood.
callbook: A directory of radio station call signs.
avenalin: A globulin or legume-like protein found in oats.
Feraghan: Alternative form of Farahan (“kind of Persian carpet”)
benzosol: guaiacol benzoate, used as an intestinal antiseptic and as a substitute for creosote in phthisis
car mile: A mile travelled by a single railway car, taken as a unit of computation, as in computing the average travel of each car of a system during a given period.
cerotype: A printing process of engraving on a surface of wax spread on a steel plate, for electrotyping.
cerotype: A print made by this process.
begavolt: A billion volts.
barogram: A tracing, usually made by the barograph, showing graphically the variations of atmospheric pressure for a given time.
hip lock: A lock in which a close grip is obtained and a fall attempted by a heave over the hip.
tipstock: The detachable or movable fore part of a gunstock, lying beneath the barrel or barrels, and forming a hold for the left hand.
teleseme: A system of apparatus for electric signals providing for automatic transmission of a number of predetermined signals or calls, as in connection with hotel annunciators.
out-tray: A desktop organizer; outbox.
out-tray: The amount of work that has been done.
Bakewell: A Bakewell tart.
chapling: Pronunciation spelling of chaplain.
Tamworth: One of a long-established English breed of large pigs. They are red, often spotted with black, with a long snout and erect or forward-pointed ears, and are valued for bacon production.
canaigre: Rumex hymenosepalus, a species of dock native to southwestern North America with edible red stems and taproots containing tannin.
canaigre: Tannin-containing matter obtained from the taproots of the plant.
pot lace: lace whose pattern includes one or more representations of baskets or bowls from which flowers spring
porotype: A copy of a print or document made by placing it upon a chemically prepared paper which is acted upon by a gas that permeates the original.
pot lead: graphite, often used on the bottoms of racing vessels to reduce friction
lion dog: A fancy dog with a flowing mane, usually clipped to resemble a lion's mane.
mindlock: A magic spell or technology that restricts a person's ability to think freely.
excelsin: A quassinoid found in brazil nuts.
silundum: A hard form of silicon carbide with high electrical resistance.
hair pin: Alternative form of hairpin
gynandry: Hermaphroditism, intersexuality; androgyny; resemblance (by a member of one sex) of another sex.
Guicowar: Alternative form of Gaekwad
tankship: A tanker (vessel for transporting liquid).
tetrazin: Dated form of tetrazine.
tramrail: An overhead rail forming a track on which a trolley runs to convey a load, as in a shop.
tramrail: A street railway laid in the streets of a town or city, or an interurban railway for local traffic, on which cable cars, or trolley cars, etc., are used, in distinction from an extended railway line for trains.
tramrail: A grooved rail (one of at least two) laid in a street for trams to run on. Ordinary rails are used on off-street (reserved track) sections of tramways.
copemate: adversary, antagonist
copemate: associate, companion, comrade
copemate: paramour; spouse
term day: A day which is a term (as for payment of rent), or is a day in a term, as of the sitting of a court.
term day: One of a series of special days, designated by scientists of different nations or stations, for making synoptic magnetic, meteorological, or other physical observations.
homonazi: Homofascist.
mamahood: The state or condition of being a mama; motherhood.
banyalla: Synonym of waddywood (“tree”)
gingelly: The sesame plant.
skiatron: A kind of cathode ray tube that replaces the conventional light-emitting phosphor layer on the face of the tube screen with a scotophor such as potassium chloride.
fireroom: stokehold
datalogy: The field of computer science.
Mahdiist: Alternative form of Mahdist
atmiatry: treatment of disease by vapours or gases, as by inhalation
Aivaliot: One of the Greek inhabitants of Ayvalık.
Aivaliot: Their dialect of Greek.
lion ant: antlion
haftarah: Alternative form of Haftarah
sheerleg: A floating crane, commonly used for ship salvage, loading and unloading large cargo, and the construction of bridges and ships.
heemraad: In Holland, and, until the 19th century, also in Cape Colony, a council to assist a local magistrate in the government of rural districts.
heemraad: A member of such a council.
duck egg: Zero; nothing.
frobnitz: Synonym of gizmo
oleo oil: An oil expressed from certain animal fats (especially beef suet), the greater portion of the solid fat, or stearin, being left behind. It is a mixture of olein, palmitin, and a little stearin.
seecatch: A full-grown male northern fur seal (Callorhinus ursinus).
shintyan: Alternative form of shintiyan
Kaintuck: A native or resident of Kentucky, especially one who has a rustic character.
Kaintuck: A worker, especially one having a crude or rowdy manner, on a boat that transported commercial goods on the Mississippi River.
facewash: A lotion or soap to be applied to the face.
forebook: A prelude to a book or series of books; a preface.
oxengate: Synonym of oxgang
Tirolian: Alternative spelling of Tyrolean
Tyrolian: Alternative spelling of Tyrolean
Tirolean: Alternative spelling of Tyrolean
Frankian: A native or inhabitant of Frankia, a region of south-central Germany; a Franconian.
Frankian: Alternative spelling of Francian
Moldavan: Uncommon form of Moldovan.
Francian: A native or inhabitant of the historical region of Francia.
Francian: Alternative spelling of Frankian (Franconian)
phraseme: An utterance, consisting of multiple words or morphemes, at least one of whose components is selectionally constrained or restricted by linguistic convention such that it is not freely chosen.
Yidglish: A variety of English, influenced by Yiddish, spoken by the Jewish population of New York
trashbin: Alternative form of trash bin
flashman: A slick salesman or spin doctor.
flashman: A pimp.
flashman: A woman's boyfriend.
flashman: Someone who distracts the target of a thief; a confidence trickster.
xylolite: A compressed wood product used for flooring.
funmaker: A person who does or says funny things; a person who makes people laugh.
on-glide: Alternative form of onglide.
offglide: A phase while the articulators are moving away from their position in articulating a speech sound.
offglide: The final, weaker part of a complex vowel, such as a diphthong, as the /ɪ/ sound of the /ɔɪ/ in English boy.
Brit-com: Alternative spelling of Britcom.
tchaouch: Obsolete spelling of chiaus
Kafkaism: The literary style associated with Franz Kafka
steamway: An aperture or conduit for steam.
handycam: Alternative form of handicam
gobstick: Alternative form of gob stick
wackness: Badness; contemptibility
nail bat: A weapon made by hammering nails into a wooden baseball bat, used for offense or defense.
big show: The largest and most prominent performance in a circus.
big show: The major leagues, as compared to minor leagues.
chagigah: Alternative form of hagigah
heelpath: The bank of a canal opposite, and corresponding to, that of the towpath.
coumarou: The tree Dipteryx odorata, which bears the tonka bean.
coumarou: The tonka bean itself.
pulmotor: An apparatus for producing artificial respiration by pumping oxygen and/or air into and out of the lungs, as of a person who has been asphyxiated by drowning, breathing poisonous gases, etc.
crandall: A kind of hammer having a head formed of a group of pointed steel bars, used for dressing ashlar, etc.
bar-goer: Alternative form of bargoer
cafegoer: Alternative form of café-goer
festgoer: A person attending a fest or festival.
gym-goer: A person who exercises at a gym.
gig-goer: One who goes to musical performances.
mallgoer: One who goes to a mall.
dartfish: Any fish of the subfamily Ptereleotrinae of the perciform (or gobiiform) family Microdesmidae.
masterji: male teacher (as a respectful term of address)
pub-goer: Alternative form of pubgoer
salegoer: Alternative form of sale-goer
antiroom: Archaic form of anteroom.
shulgoer: One who attends shul; a practising Jew.
spa-goer: Alternative form of spagoer
antitime: A hypothetical construct that resembles time but somehow opposes or counteracts it.
ribbonry: ribbons collectively
hardnose: Alternative form of hard-nose
zedoaria: Alternative form of zedoary
antimyth: A belief or system that opposes a myth or myths.
stalding: Alternative form of scalding
hot cake: Alternative form of hotcake
walkshed: The land area within a defined walking range of a specified location.
zimbalon: Alternative form of cimbalom
jib-boom: Alternative form of jib boom
tapidero: Alternative form of tapadera
tapadero: Alternative form of tapadera
meterman: A man whose occupation is to read and adjust meters.
metatalk: Talk, especially involving academic analysis, about speaking or talking; verbal metadiscourse.
kinstate: Alternative form of kin state
cybermob: A mob of people on the Internet or in cyberspace.
cyberese: The jargon used on the Internet; netspeak.
netslang: The slang used on the Internet.
lilliput: Any of various small freshwater mussels of the genus Toxolasma, found mainly in the southeastern United States.
Rawlsian: A follower of the theories of John Rawls.
toe drop: A morbid condition of the foot in which the toe is depressed and the heel elevated.
anoikism: The splitting up of a town into smaller units
falciger: A seta that has a curved tip
ciswoman: Alternative spelling of cis woman
mellwell: Alternative form of milwell
myllwell: Alternative form of mylwell
wordship: The state, condition, or status of a word.
millwell: Alternative form of milwell
fantique: Alternative form of fantigue
foot-ton: A unit of energy or work, equal to the work done in raising one ton against the force of gravity through the height of one foot.
playpark: A children's playground.
twinness: The state, quality, or condition of a twin; twinship.
twinhood: The state, quality, or condition of being a twin; twinship.
punt-out: A punt made from the goal line by a player of the side which has made a touchdown to one of his own side for a fair catch, from which an attempt to kick a goal may be made.
punt-out: A kick back into play from the touch line, after the ball had gone into touch. It has been replaced by the lineout/line-out
punt-out: A method of returning the ball into play, similar to a goal kick
fourtino: Any astronomical object, on the edge of the Kuiper Belt, whose orbit has a 1:4 resonance with the planet Neptune.
treefall: The act of a tree falling, or the extent to which this occurs in a given region.
ficathon: A challenge in which participants are asked to write fan fiction, generally of a specific type or to fill individual requests.
pit babe: Synonym of grid girl
arsecunt: Rare form of asscunt.
Stundism: The beliefs and practices of the Stundists.
chamisal: Dated form of chamise. (American shrub)
Stundist: A member of a large sect of Russian radical Protestant dissenters founded near Odessa around 1860, who adhere to a literal reading of the Bible and reject priestly dominion and all external rites of worship, influenced by German Protestant settlers.
swagsman: Synonym of swagman (“itinerant traveller”)
swagsman: Synonym of swagman (“middleman for stolen goods; a fence”)
bromanil: A substance analogous to chloranil but containing bromine in place of chlorine.
box tail: An aircraft's tail or rudder, usually fixed, resembling a box kite.
bod veal: Veal too immature to be suitable for food.
box kite: A kite consisting of two light rectangular boxes, or cells open on two sides, and fastened together horizontally.
bidarkee: Archaic form of bidarka.
bodhisat: Synonym of bodhisattva
brasilin: Alternative form of brazilin
bheestie: A water carrier, as to a household or a regiment.
tea rose: A plant of a Chinese rose species with tea-scented flowers, Rosa odorata.
tea rose: A flower from such a plant.
tea rose: A plant of one of the classes of hybrid roses developed from Rosa odorata, usually including crosses with the repeat-blooming China rose, Rosa chinensis in their ancestry.
tea rose: A flower from such a plant.
Philedom: The fandom of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
Philedom: The state or quality of being an X-Phile.
uraturia: The presence of uric acid in the urine
Congreve: Congreve rocket
Congreve: Congreve match
quarrian: Alternative form of quarrion
ustrinum: The site of a funeral pyre
pornfest: A film, event, etc. that is full of pornography.
mangadom: The world or sphere of manga (Japanese comics).
zerumbet: Zingiber zerumbet, a Javanese plant resembling ginger.
quinetum: A mixture of the sulphates of the cinchona alkaloids: a cheap substitute for quinine sulphate.
minidisk: A 5.25-inch floppy disk.
rabiator: A violent, greedy person.
crowdion: A proposed form of lattice imperfection in crystals in which an extra atom is inserted (crowded in) within a row
flowtime: The time taken for completion of a flow of material (in an experiment).
jessamin: Alternative form of jasmine
Kromskop: A device used for taking colour photographs of specimens in pathology.
subevent: An event that makes up part of a greater event.
subevent: A component of a complex event, such as a collision between large particles.
nutarian: One whose diet consists mainly of nuts.
ball hog: In team sports, a player who keeps the ball to themselves, rather than passing it.
ileotomy: cutting into the ileum; ileostomy
uteritis: Synonym of metritis
idiosome: The attraction-sphere of a spermatid or of an oocyte.
idiosome: The indivisible element of living matter.
gallisin: An unfermentable carbohydrate found in starch sugar.
grillion: An unspecified large number (of).
khinkali: A Georgian dumpling made of twisted knobs of dough stuffed with spiced meat, fish, or vegetables.
emulsoid: A colloid solution consisting of a suspension of liquid particles in a liquid.
cardiant: A remedy that affects the heart.
eccrisis: The removal of waste.
veratrin: Alternative form of veratrine
oikology: The science of houses and homes, considered especially in respect of their sanitary conditions.
kaladana: Ipomoea nil, an East Indian convolvulaceous plant.
kaladana: The dried seeds of this plant, used as a purgative or anthelmintic.
omodynia: pain in the shoulder
chinlone: A Burmese ball game incorporating aspects of both sport and dance.
exit bag: A bag designed to be sealed around a person’s head in order to commit suicide, with a tube or orifice for the introduction of an inert gas.
exit bag: Any bag used to commit suicide by suffocation.
exit bag: Child-resistant packaging for cannabis products, required by law in many U.S. states for customers to carry their merchandise out of a dispensary.
ekagrata: Extreme focus on a particular point.
Lady-day: Alternative form of Lady Day
Banamine: A brand of flunixin meglumine.
uratosis: Any morbid condition due to the presence of urates in the blood or tissues.
leprolin: A preparation of the toxin of the lepra bacillus, formerly used in treating leprosy.
salophen: The salicylic acid derivative N,N′-bis(salicylidene)-1,2-phenylenediamine
mahamari: A form of plague occurring in the southern slopes of the Himalayas.
Braidism: hypnotism
skin-art: Rare form of skin art.
skin art: tattoos; tattooage
palmspan: A measure of length equivalent to the breadth of the palm of an average human hand.
faucitis: inflammation of the fauces
ferratin: Dated form of ferritin.
chivaree: Alternative form of shivaree
mistouch: Incorrect touch.
aeroboat: A form of hydroaeroplane; a flying boat.
jimdandy: Alternative form of jim-dandy
cachemia: Alternative form of cachaemia
analgene: An antipyretic and analgesic, derived from quinoline and mainly used to treat rheumatism and neuralgia.
memester: A person who creates or enjoys memes, especially Internet ones.
neokoros: The guardian of a temple in Ancient Greece
boundure: Obsolete spelling of bounder; boundary, limit
neolalia: The tendency, of some psychotics, to talk using new or meaningless words
kepstrum: The theoretical quantity that a cepstrum measures.
Barakzai: A member of a Pashtun tribe.
oldcomer: An immigrant or the descendant of immigrants who has lived in their new environment long enough to become well-established.
oldcomer: One who has been acquainted with something for a long time; an established member of a group who is familiar with the group culture and resources.
oldcomer: A member of a therapeutic community who has achieved a trusted status and is assigned as a mentor to a newcomer.
bodypack: A small box housing a transmitter and battery pack, used with a microphone.
hoarhead: An old person with grey hair.
oophoron: Synonym of ovary
adulting: Engaging in activities typically associated with adulthood.
adulting: Adultery.
faygelah: Alternative spelling of feygele
minibear: A critter, or any animal that is smaller than a bear, that gets into a camper's food, pack, or tent.
netgamer: A person who plays video games with others over a network.
fuck boy: A womanizer; a young man who sleeps with women without any intention of having a relationship with them.
fuck boy: A weak and contemptible man.
fuck boy: A prisoner who provides sexual favors to a stronger inmate, either as the result of rape or in return for protection and gifts.
shadchan: Alternative form of shadchen
fuck-boy: Alternative form of fuck boy
fuck-boy: A prisoner who provides sexual favors.
fuck-boy: Alternative form of fuck boy
fuck-boy: A contemptible man.
flashfic: Flash fiction.
flashfic: An individual work of flash fiction, especially a fanfic.
Godoberi: A person belonging to this people of Daghestan.
dust-out: Alternative form of dustout
dust-out: dust cloud that impairs vision.
dust-out: Alternative form of dustout
dust-out: A prankster who misleads others.
dust-out: Cleanup.
air-raid: Alternative form of air raid
Baha'ite: Dated form of Baháʼíst.
paganist: Pagan.
notarium: A fused vertebra in the shoulder of some species of birds and pterosaurs.
flapling: A juvenile pterosaur.
bucketry: Buckets and similar objects, taken collectively.
stand-by: Alternative form of standby
seedline: A familial line of descent that can be traced to a certain seed.
urbarium: A medieval register of the land ownership of an area.
ingluvin: A digestive substance resembling pepsin, obtained from the gizzards of fowls, employed as a digestant and to relieve vomiting in pregnancy.
gonaduct: The excretory duct of a reproductive gland; an oviduct or a seminal duct.
gnathion: A craniometric point, being the lowest part of the middle line of the mandible.
grainage: The selection and storage of cocoons in sericulture.
peat pot: A plant pot made of compressed peat moss and other materials, capable of being planted in its entirety without the need to transplant the contents.
playshop: An informal workshop (interactive group session).
mundowie: A footprint.
big game: Any large animal(s) hunted for sport.
nonagram: A regular nine-pointed star shape.
buckstay: A vertical support for a furnace or boiler, to give it rigidity.
octogram: A regular eight-pointed star shape.
backlead: An additional weight on a fishing line, to ensure that the line rests on the bed of the lake.
Shkodran: A male native or resident of Shkodër, Albania.
riverage: A fee charged for transporting goods on a river.
metemgee: Alternative form of metagee
miaskite: A variety of syenite.
invester: Misspelling of investor.
ovalling: distortion into an oval shape
the pock: Synonym of smallpox
neognath: Any bird of the infraclass Neognathae
til seed: A sesame seed (from Sesamum indicum).
til seed: The seed of the til tree (Ocotea foetens).
til seed: The seed of ramtill (Guizotia abyssinica).
top rake: The angle that the front edge of the point of a tool is set back from the normal to the surface being cut.
dungkhag: One of the subdistricts into which a dzongkhag is divided.
protosun: Synonym of protostar
Odessite: A native or inhabitant of Odessa, a city in Ukraine.
kopitiam: A traditional style of eatery having public seating and multiple vendors selling Chinese, Indian, and Malay food.
apewoman: A female apeman.
lepocyte: A cell with a distinct envelope.
helmitol: Hexamethylenetetramine anhydromethylene citrate, an analgesic and urinary antiseptic.
silk-oak: Alternative form of silky oak
silk oak: Alternative form of silky oak
unchoice: the lack or absence of choice
unchoice: the act or process of unchoosing; that which is unchosen or rejected; rejection
oinochoe: Alternative form of oenochoe
oenochoe: A type of Ancient Greek pottery wine jug.
longword: A type of unsigned integer variable that is longer than a word (with the specific number of bits depending upon the system architecture).
lifegoal: Alternative spelling of life goal
opsonist: A practitioner of opsonotherapy.
osteosis: osteogenesis; bone formation
kantikoy: Alternative form of canticoy
osmology: The scientific study of smells.
optochin: ethylhydrocupreine
boodling: political corruption involving money; bribery
overshow: An excessive show or display.
gypcrete: A sedimentary rock, a hardened deposit of gypsum, capable of cementing together with other materials.
shillala: Alternative form of shillelagh
gypcrust: A duricrust composed almost wholly of gypsum.
skokiaan: A home-brewed alcoholic liquor; moonshine.
golf car: A golf cart.
bangling: Contention; squabbling
moonrock: Alternative form of moon rock
oceanite: A variety of picrite that is chiefly composed of olivine phenocrysts.
dyewater: Water contaminated with dyestuffs.
wopspeak: The Italian language.
pyengadu: Alternative form of pyinkado
ash-tray: Alternative form of ashtray
fig tree: Any tree that bears figs (Ficus spp.).
yarmalke: Alternative spelling of yarmulke
yarmelka: Alternative spelling of yarmulke
yarmalka: Alternative spelling of yarmulke
playball: A ball for use in games.
manshake: An aggressively strong handshake.
manshake: Semen.
quiverer: One who quivers.
autocook: A machine that prepares and dispenses meals.
queenlet: A female kinglet; a petty queen; a queen ruling over a small or unimportant territory.
queenlet: A young or little queen.
queenlet: A princess.
xylocarp: A hard woody fruit.
dushbara: A traditional Azerbaijani dish of dumplings filled with ground meat and condiments.
meykhana: An Azerbaijani literary tradition involving unaccompanied songs improvised to a beat.
wild-man: Alternative form of wild man
natterer: One who natters.
NIMBYism: Alternative letter-case form of nimbyism
zooscopy: The scientific observation of living animals.
zooscopy: A form of hallucination in which the sufferer believes he/she sees animals.
zoopathy: A delusional condition in which the sufferer believes he/she is infested with animals.
zoopathy: The purported ability to communicate with and, in some instances, control animals.
vegetist: vegetarian
beetball: A spherical food made from mashed beets, used as a vegetarian substitute for meatballs.
crabfish: A freshwater crab found in Southern European rivers, streams, and lakes, Potamon fluviatile or Cancer fluviatilis.
crabfish: A lobster or crayfish.
choppin': Pronunciation spelling of chopping.
shlimazl: Alternative form of schlimazel
obnoxity: The quality of being obnoxious.
obnoxity: Something obnoxious.
opiumism: Opium addiction.
laciness: The quality of being lacy.
lioniser: Alternative form of lionizer
pharoahs: Misspelling of pharaohs.
eucyclid: Any of the family †Eucyclidae of extinct gastropods.
ornative: A noun case that means "endowed with" or "supplied with".
pit-boss: Alternative form of pit boss
cowardry: Cowardice.
dot-coma: The collapse of a dot-com or of the dot-com bubble.
warspeak: The jargon of war and military operations.
oxalemia: The presence of oxalate in the blood
pit boss: A direct overseer of laborers in a mining operation.
pit boss: A supervisor who oversees the dealers and activity at the gaming tables in a casino, and who typically has the authority to expel unruly gamblers from the premises.
pit boss: The supervisor of the maintenance pit crew of a driver.
peebrain: Misspelling of peabrain.
estacode: travel allowance; money paid to an official to cover travel expenses
Nazorean: Synonym of Nazarene
cranchid: Any glass squid of the family Cranchiidae.
tailbeat: The rhythmic beating of an animal's tail.
Jezerite: Alternative form of Jeezerite
sandflat: An extended, flat area of sand, typically near a shore, with little or no vegetation.
TVaholic: One who is addicted to watching television.
oinology: Alternative form of oenology
winchman: A man who operates a winch.
underwit: An underwitted person; a nitwit.
ruin pub: A bar, selling alcoholic beverages, inhabiting an old building left in a ramshackle condition; a popular style of pub in Budapest.
phubbing: The act of ignoring a conversation going on around oneself to focus on one's mobile phone.
lithalsa: A frost-induced raised landform in permafrost areas with mineral-rich soils, where a perennial ice lens has developed within the soil.
kurultai: A political and military council of ancient Mongol and Turkic chiefs and khans.
albolite: Alternative form of albolith
wadlopen: The recreational activity of walking or wading across mudflats at low tide.
reattack: another attack
Afropunk: Punk music or subculture with black African influences.
Afropunk: Afrocentric science fiction.
teknival: A large free countercultural party with electronic music, typically held in Europe in the summer.
dermosol: A type of mollisol, alfisol or ultisol found in Australia
durargid: A type of argid that has a duripan horizon
ice core: A core sample removed from an ice sheet, most commonly from the polar ice caps of Antarctica, Greenland or from high mountain glaciers elsewhere, the properties of which can be used to reconstruct a climatic record of a given area.
shotacon: A sexual complex where an adult is attracted to young, typically prepubescent boys, or the fictional depictions thereof.
shotacon: An individual with such a fixation.
shotacon: Erotic or suggestive art, manga, anime, or other media featuring underage boy characters.
mesozone: An intermediate zone of the lithosphere characterised by metamorphic rock
e-ballot: A computerized ballot in e-voting.
yanakuna: An individual in the Inca Empire who left the ayllu system and worked full-time at a variety of tasks for the Inca, their queen, or the religious establishment.
Turanism: A movement aiming at close cooperation or political unification of various supposedly related ethnic groups, claimed to have all originated from Turan.
Bhuddism: Misspelling of Buddhism.
simulism: A tendency to be similar; resemblance.
armbrace: Any of several forms of harness that support an injured arm.
octopush: The sport of underwater hockey.
fembitch: An intolerant feminist, often used by anti-feminists to refer to a feminist in general.
azalogue: A compound that is analogous to another, the only difference being that a carbon atom (normally a CH group) has been replaced with a nitrogen one
Mogollon: A member of a pre-Columbian culture that existed from 300 CE to 1300 CE in the desert of present day Arizona.
biostudy: A biological academic study
threnedy: Rare spelling of threnody.
neddicky: A species of passerine bird, Cisticola fulvicapilla, found in central and southern Africa.
gup shup: Alternative spelling of gup-shup
oenophil: Dated form of oenophile.
gup-shup: Gossip or rumor; idle talk.
seamline: A line formed by the seam of a garment.
q-analog: A generalization of a theorem, identity or expression that involves a new parameter q that returns the original theorem, identity or expression in the limit as q → 1. They have applications in the study of fractals and the entropy of chaotic dynamical systems.
viellist: A musician who plays the vielle.
bakstone: Obsolete form of bakestone.
head lad: A person employed to manage a stable of racehorses.
lagnappe: Alternative spelling of lagniappe.
leachtub: A tub used as a container for a substance being leached.
laevulin: Alternative form of levulin
leadwork: fittings made from lead (the metal)
leadwork: small square-shaped decorations of closely-worked basket stitch.
landdros: Alternative form of landdrost
oatbread: bread made with oatmeal
sun spot: Alternative form of sunspot
pukefest: An event involving a great deal of vomiting, nausea, or disgust.
eucolite: An optically negative variety of eudialyte.
lornness: The quality of being lorn.
Lostaway: A fan of the television series Lost.
Lostaway: One of the fictional characters stranded on the mysterious island on the television show Lost.
Lagosian: A native or inhabitant of Lagos in Nigeria.
essexite: A form of silica-undersaturated pyroxene gabbro, containing nepheline and orthoclase as essential constituents.
snowdome: A snow globe.
kalifate: Alternative spelling of caliphate
usheress: female usher
unitizer: One who unitizes.
uptaking: An understanding; comprehension.
cytoside: Any complex of cytosine with a metal ion
agapeist: A proponent of agapeism.
agapeism: Alternative form of agapism
densipan: The albic horizon of a spodosol
dropline: A long, vertical fishing line having a series of hooks.
eumycete: Any fungus of the former division Eumycota
ferrosol: A ferritic soil.
fireiron: Alternative form of fire iron
gnetifer: Any plant related to the Gnetales and the conifers
grumusol: A black soil, rich in calcium and magnesium, suitable for agriculture
hapludox: A haplic udox
holofoil: holographic foil (that displays a holographic image in natural light)
hyalogen: Any of several complex mucoid polysaccharides, found in animal tissue, that are composed of hyalins
headrail: The supporting rail of a blind (such as a Venetian blind) that encloses its mechanism; a headbox.
headrail: A railing, on a sailing ship, behind the figurehead.
headrail: A person's tooth.
translon: The quantum of translation in a superfluid
isocurve: An isoparametric curve
kandosol: A soil that has a kandic horizon.
isodomon: A form of masonry in which the vertical joint of each course is in the middle of the block beneath.
limbline: A fishing line that dangles from the limb of an overhanging tree.
epipedon: A horizon that forms near the soil surface
neohippy: A new age hippy.
notaulix: A furrow in the anterior part of the mesonotum of some insects
notaulus: Either of a pair of grooves on a mesoscutum
oomycote: Any of a group of filamentous protists variously classified as the phylum Oomycota or the class Oomyctes in a more broadly circumscribed phylum.
oxathiin: A six-membered, unsaturated heterocycle containing four carbon atoms, one sulfur and one oxygen atom and two double bonds, but especially 1,4-oxathiin
basilard: Alternative form of baselard
crabhole: a small burrow dug by a crab
gealousy: Obsolete form of jealousy.
giftshop: Alternative form of gift shop
glimpser: One who glimpses something.
gillaroo: Salmo stomachicus, a trout found in Ireland.
firesand: Synonym of chamotte.
minidemo: A short and simple demo.
henequin: Alternative form of jeniquen
heniquin: Alternative form of henequen
phaeozem: udoll or aquoll (soil type)
prepilin: Synonym of prepilin peptidase
mangubat: A traditional Tausug folk doctor in the Philippines.
rajaship: The role or office of raja.
reedstop: Alternative form of reed stop
reoiling: A second or subsequent application of oil.
ronggeng: A Javanese dancing girl.
handcard: Alternative form of hand card
Duo-Tang: A folder with flexible metal fasteners.
rowdedow: Alternative form of rowdydow
textpost: A post on a social media platform consisting largely or entirely of text.
tobanjan: Alternative form of doubanjiang
eurocrat: Alternative letter-case form of Eurocrat
cagewash: Equipment in a laboratory for washing the cages of laboratory animals.
fippence: fivepence
whiteist: Alternative form of whitist
housekey: A key to a house
mailsack: Synonym of mailbag
micromho: A former unit of electric conductance, one millionth of a mho.
pinquito: A small pink variety of Phaseolus vulgaris, the common bean, grown in Santa Maria, California.
millimho: A former unit of electric conductance, one thousandth of a mho.
mokaddam: Dated form of muqaddam.
mailgram: A telegraphic message transmitted electronically from the sender to a post office and then printed and delivered to the recipient via physical post.
opiumist: One who is addicted to opium.
sidemode: Any of a series of frequencies (usually observed as small peaks) regularly spaced each side of a main frequency
muckluck: Dated form of mukluk.
mystagog: Alternative form of mystagogue
motorail: A train allowing passengers to take their automobile along with them on their journey.
motelier: The person who runs a motel.
missilry: Alternative form of missilery
big hair: Hair styled so as to increase its apparent size above and around the head, associated with fashion of the late 20th century.
Riverian: A native or inhabitant of Rivers State in Nigeria.
emeerate: Alternative spelling of emirate
spumific: A chemical that decomposes to produce large quantities of gas
diascope: A projector used for projecting transparencies.
diascope: a slide viewer, a device for looking at small transparent images.
diascope: A flat piece of glass or transparent plastic, used to examine lesions in the skin
microweb: A microscale web.
vertosol: A type of clay soil that develops extensive cracks when dry.
vitrosol: A vitric andosol.
yermosol: A yermic andosol.
dogitude: The state or quality of being or resembling a dog.
boulting: Alternative form of bolting (“a sifting”)
endcourt: In basketball (and, less commonly, in other sports whose playing area is called a court as well), the portion of the court at either end; and, by extension, certain seating sections alongside these playing areas.
carabeef: Meat of the water buffalo or carabao
loan car: a car lent by an insurance company to a customer when their own vehicle is off the road for repair.
gonopore: A small genital opening in the female of some insects etc.
pereopod: Alternative form of pereiopod
yuckster: A comedian.
yuppette: A female yuppie.
nonangel: Someone who is not an angel.
Melillan: Someone from Melilla or of Melillan descent.
taboggan: Dated form of toboggan.
raceplay: A form of sexual roleplay in which the players act out racially-charged situations, such as interracial slave-master relationships.
blowbang: A sex act involving one individual performing oral sex on more than one man; an orgy consisting primarily of acts of fellatio.
teenybop: teenybopper music
trad-pub: A work that has been published through a third-party publishing company, or a traditional publisher.
tetroxid: Archaic form of tetroxide.
thingamy: Alternative form of thingummy
thrummer: One who thrums.
thrummer: A threepenny bit.
juvember: A slingshot.
tjanting: A pen-like tool used to apply liquid wax in the batik process.
toolroom: A workshop containing tools.
toolroom: In a factory, a space where tools are made or repaired.
ocelloid: a cellular structure found in unicellular microorganisms that is analogous in structure and function to eyes, which focus, process and detect light
Eurobank: A financial institution (not necessarily located in Europe) that accepts deposits, and makes loans, in foreign currencies.
aubretia: Any plant of the genus Aubrieta.
backpain: Alternative form of back pain
Shiitism: Synonym of Shi'ism
acrosine: Synonym of acrosin
khanaqah: A hostel for Sufis, often in the form of cells around a courtyard.
leadwood: A southern African tree with exceptionally hard and dense wood, Combretum imberbe
timebank: Alternative spelling of time bank
cis-male: Alternative form of cis male
selldown: The selling of sufficient shares to significantly reduce their price
skin job: A robot or android with humanoid flesh and skin.
skin job: A short haircut such that the skin of the scalp is visible.
skin job: A hastily or shoddily done piece of work.
wildmeat: Meat from a wild animal.
fucktwit: An extremely foolish person.
Armenism: Alternative letter-case form of armenism
armenism: A word or other feature originating in the Armenian language that has been borrowed by another language.
figeater: Alternative form of fig-eater
fellside: The side of a fell (upland country)
poopskin: A person with dark-coloured skin.
kominkan: A Japanese cultural center, offering education in arts, sport, handiwork, etc. to people of various age groups.
bug shoe: A length of ironbark or other hardened material on the skeg of a ship that protects from shipworm damage.
beamform: The pattern of constructive and destructive interference in a wavefront produced by beamforming
dobroist: One who plays a dobro.
delouser: A device that removes lice.
desalter: A machine or facility that removes salt, as from crude oil or agricultural runoff.
disowner: One who disowns.
redosing: repetitive dosing (taking the same amount of drug as usual, but much more often)
disulfid: Archaic form of disulphide.
reflator: A person who encourages reflation
monocity: A city (especially in the former Soviet Union) in which most of the working population work in the same industry, typically for the same organisation.
fiending: An intense craving (especially for a drug).
durndest: Alternative form of darnedest
bathplug: A plug that prevents water from escaping from a bath.
pointset: A set of points in geometric space.
dahabiah: Alternative form of dahabieh
kilodyne: A unit of force equal to one thousand dynes.
dahabiya: Alternative form of dahabieh
pashadom: The role or status of a pasha.
peesweep: Alternative form of peasweep
penoncel: Alternative form of pennoncel
periodid: Archaic form of periodide.
pull-off: An area by the side of a road where vehicles may stop; a lay-by.
pull-off: The technique, when playing a string instrument, of using a finger of the fret hand to pluck a string by pulling the finger off the fretboard.
manjuice: Alternative form of man juice
nongypsy: Someone who is not a Gypsy.
pinakoid: Alternative form of pinacoid
plimsole: Alternative form of plimsoll
lotebush: A shrub native to dry, scrubby areas in the southwestern US and Mexico, with thorny branches and an edible fruit, Ziziphus obtusifolia
pocketer: One who pockets something, or (figurative) appropriates money or goods.
poetress: A female poet; a poetess.
popehood: The status of pope; papacy.
neodruid: Alternative form of neo-druid
praefect: Alternative form of prefect (Ancient Roman official)
clay pit: A quarry for clay
potlache: Dated spelling of potlatch.
denoiser: A program or algorithm that performs denoising.
psychist: One who believes in the theory of psychism.
protoxid: Archaic form of protoxide.
Fanonist: A proponent of Fanonism.
Fanonism: The Marxist politics of Frantz Fanon (1925–1961), Martinique-born Afro-Caribbean psychiatrist, philosopher, revolutionary, and writer.
cheapies: cheap thrills; salacious excitement
bigluing: A category of quadruples related to the gluing construction.
deadland: Wasteland; a desert or other place that does not support life.
deadland: A place of death; a deadly land.
deadland: The afterlife, especially in belief systems that do not include reward or punishment such as heaven and hell.
coumadin: Synonym of warfarin
chupatti: Alternative form of chapatti
jabroney: Alternative spelling of jabroni
eucapnia: The condition of having a normal, healthy concentration of carbon dioxide in the blood.
chumship: The condition of being chums; friendship.
chumship: preadolescent friendship between two people of the same sex
malunion: Bad or incorrect union (of parts of the body).
lysidine: A nucleoside derived from cytidine
haircoat: The coat of hair on the skin of certain animals.
midshaft: The midpoint of a shaft.
clamworm: Alternative form of clam worm
clecking: A brood.
clencher: One who clenches.
WhatsApp: A message sent by WhatsApp.
parafilm: plastic film used to seal laboratory containers
landbank: A bank which issues notes based on the security of landed property.
landbank: An area of land held in reserve by a house-building firm.
nightery: A night club, disco or similar establishment open at night
roadbook: A diagrammatic book describing a rally route.
roadbook: A guidebook for travellers.
antiguru: Someone who is or attempts to be the opposite of a guru.
saferoom: Alternative form of safe room
snowhole: A hole dug out of a bank of snow for use as a temporary shelter.
liegedom: The status of being a liege.
bioimage: An image made by bioimaging
kiloword: A unit of storage capacity, equal to 1024 words.
deadname: A previous name of a person (especially a transgender person) who has since changed their name.
megahack: A writer who is very much a hack.
megahack: A massive hack of a computer system.
megahack: A large-scale hack, or facility for releasing juvenile raptors.
dioleoyl: Two oleoyl groups in a molecule
Jawaiian: A Hawaiian style of popular music that combines native styles with reggae and other Caribbean influences.
homeolog: A homeologous gene or chromosome
virulome: The set of genes that contribute to the virulence of a bacterium.
Sancerre: A French wine from Sancerre.
mercapto: The univalent radical -SH
inotropy: the force of muscle contraction
conicity: The quality of being conic.
copremia: Alternative form of copræmia
copatron: A joint patron; a patron of the same person or organisation.
copastor: One who shares the role of pastor with another person.
rewilder: A person who advocates the reintroduction of animals into the wild as a means of conservation.
kottabos: Alternative form of cottabus
coystril: Alternative form of coistril
craneage: Alternative form of cranage
crannoge: Alternative form of crannog
crawlway: A low duct or tunnel designed to be traversed by crawling.
b-boying: Breakdancing.
kafuffle: Alternative spelling of kerfuffle
cymbalom: Alternative form of cimbalom
loadcell: Alternative form of load cell
peonidin: An anthocyanidin responsible for the purplish-red hue of the peony and other flowers.
cefradin: Alternative form of cefradine
sexphobe: Alternative form of sexophobe
oxymeter: Alternative spelling of oximeter
aquafeed: Any feed for aquatic organisms as part of aquaculture.
adipolin: A particular adipokine, encoded in humans by the FAM132A gene.
handline: A single fishing line without a rod, but usually attached to a reel, held in the hands.
handline: A firefighting hose held and directed by a team of people.
sequevar: A group of genetic strains characterised by a specific DNA sequence.
maxiprep: maxipreparation
minicape: A short cape-like garment worn over the shoulders.
LePenism: The support or ideals of Jean-Marie Le Pen (French politician and leader of the National Front from 1972 to 2011) and/or Marine Le Pen (his daughter, also a French politician and leader of the National Front since 2011).
orbitrap: A mass analyzer consisting of an outer barrel-like electrode and a coaxial inner spindle-like electrode that traps ions in an orbital motion around the spindle. The image current from the trapped ions is detected and converted to a mass spectrum using the Fourier transform of the frequency signal.
hard bop: A subgenre of jazz music that extends bebop with influences from rhythm and blues, gospel music, and blues.
phenicol: Synonym of chloramphenicol
phenicol: Any antibiotic related to chloramphenicol
plaquing: The formation of a plaque.
polytron: A homogenizer, especially one manufactured by Polytron.
scalebar: Alternative form of scale bar
virosome: the reconstituted membrane of an enveloped virus
air wing: A military or police unit that is equipped with aircraft
spherite: Any of a group of spherical mineral concretions commonly found in many invertebrates.
spherite: A spherical grain, typically of ovulite.
safarist: One who goes on safari.
salering: Alternative form of sale ring
stockcar: Alternative form of stock car
stokesia: Any of the plants in the genus Stokesia.
latherin: a surfactant protein, found in the sweat of equines, which allows sweat to penetrate the waterproof coat and there evaporate and cool the animal
agrotype: A type of soil used for agriculture
shloshim: Alternative form of sheloshim
andirova: Archaic form of andiroba.
Zweigelt: A red wine grape of a variety developed and mostly grown in Austria.
Zweigelt: A wine made with this kind of grape.
malawach: A food made from fried layers of puff pastry, a staple of the Yemenite Jews.
screwcap: Alternative form of screw cap.
sasarara: Alternative form of sassarara
sandheap: A heap of sand.
clinamen: The unpredictable swerve of atoms, introduced as a concept by Lucretius to defend the atomistic doctrine of Epicurus.
shoesize: Alternative form of shoe size
fuckweed: A term of abuse.
conjevoi: Alternative form of cunjevoi
nuoc-mam: Alternative form of nuoc mam
kozogami: Japanese tissue
endogean: Any organism that lives in this region
dershane: A cram school in Turkey.
horncore: The bony central part of an animal's horn
mainstem: The principal watercourse of a river that has multiple streams
rearfoot: The rear of the foot (especially the side of the heel)
sceptrin: A cyclobutane alkaloid found in some marine sponges
air loan: A mortgage loan which is taken out by a fictitious buyer or for a fictitious property, or both.
shareout: The process of sharing something out between multiple parties.
toothrow: A row of teeth.
isononyl: Any of several branched-chain isomers of the nonyl radical, but especially 3,5,5-trimethyl pentyl
hamartin: A peripheral membrane protein encoded in humans by the TSC1 gene, and implicated as a tumor suppressor.
shittery: Anything bad or worthless.
ozanimod: A drug for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
gazookus: An unspecified item; a thingy or gadget.
gazookus: The real thing, or genuine article; something authentic.
villitis: inflammation of the chorionic villi
carnosol: A phenolic diterpene found in the herbs rosemary (Salvia rosmarinus, syn. Rosmarinus officinalis) and mountain desert sage (Salvia pachyphylla).
cytoderm: A cell wall, typically of a desmid or diatom.
chikunga: A sacred ceremonial mask among the Chokwe people of Central Africa, made from barkcloth.
bow kite: An inflatable kite incorporating a bridle on the leading edge, and used in kiteboarding or snowkiting.
nonemeat: Alternative form of noonmeat (“midday meal”)
wallride: Alternative form of wall ride
chicotte: A long knotted whip with a wooden handle, formerly used as a punishment in the Congo and Portuguese Africa.
aubrieta: Alternative spelling of aubrietia.
post-bop: A style of jazz derived from hard bop but influenced by more traditional jazz styles like swing.
ska-punk: Alternative spelling of ska punk
pop-punk: Alternative form of pop punk.
rap rock: A genre of rock music that uses elements of hip-hop, especially rapping.
neo-soul: Alternative form of neo soul
Afrobeat: Alternative letter-case form of afrobeat.
art punk: A genre of punk rock influenced by art music and art rock.
nu-metal: Alternative spelling of nu metal
pub rock: A kind of popular bluesy rock music, specifically unrelated forms of British and Australian music with a similar sound.
pop-rock: Synonym of pop rock
alt-rock: Clipping of alternative rock.
bananner: banana
nü-metal: Alternative spelling of nu metal
thalasso: Clipping of thalassotherapy.
orefield: land from which ore is mined
bacoside: Any of a family of triterpenoid saponins found in the plant Bacopa monnieri
foodista: A foodie; a gourmet.
jam band: A type of band that plays any of several styles of country-influenced folk-rock and is associated with a particular subculture known for following said bands to shows, trading recordings of them and keeping their fandom alive.
méringue: A genre of Haitian folk music.
chelater: Alternative form of chelator
dansband: A genre of Swedish popular music influenced by rock and roll, schlager and other styles.
cyclitis: inflammation of the ciliary body
mamalyga: Alternative form of mamaliga
puffcorn: A corn snack, visually similar to popcorn, but made with corn meal and baked.
lao khao: Thai whisky made from fermented rice
Useneter: Alternative spelling of Usenetter.
gazettal: The act of gazetting
ovothiol: Any of a group of antioxidant mercaptohistidines found in the eggs of some marine invertebrates
roughout: Anything that has been roughed out
Athonite: Someone from Athos
sicknote: Alternative form of sick note
Guruhood: Alternative form of guruhood
wharangi: Melicope ternata, a coastal shrub or small tree in the Rutaceae family, native to New Zealand.
guruhood: The state or condition of a guru
biofiber: Any fiber (including dietary fiber) manufactured from plant material
duty-man: Alternative form of dutyman
kamokamo: A variety of squash, Cucurbita pepo.
duty man: Alternative form of dutyman
scrimper: One who scrimps.
kaitiaki: The Māori concept of guardianship of the natural environment.
kaitiaki: In Māori culture, a person serving as a guardian of the natural environment.
sclaffer: One who sclaffs.
meninism: A movement or philosophy, often presented satirically, in favour of the rights and interests of men.
vastatin: Any of a specific type of statins
dog rope: A few feet of rawhide rope which Cheyenne dog soldiers used to attach themselves to the ground with a picket pin when a last-ditch defence was called for
asterane: Any of a group of hydrocarbon cage compounds consisting of two cycloalkane rings linked to each other by methylene groups
emtasine: Misspelling of emtansine.
metamour: In a polyamorous relationship, one's partner's partner, with whom one is not directly involved.
syncitin: Misspelling of syncytin.
zeamatin: An antifungal protein found in Zea mays
sisterji: sister (as a respectful term of address)
shogging: A jolting or shaking motion.
shiverer: One who shivers.
shiverer: A mouse mutation characterised by tremors.
sitzmark: An indentation in the snow made by a fallen skier.
skinfood: Alternative form of skin food
smugging: Something seized or confiscated; a stolen item.
routiner: A jazz musician who plays by ear (i.e. not using sheet music, but rather following along with the band and memorizing music when needed).
routiner: A device used to automatically activate and cycle the settings of electronic equipment for testing purposes.
smileful: A quantity revealed by a smile.
sorrower: One who sorrows.
iseganan: A particular antimicrobial peptide
off time: Time when one is not working.
off time: Time when the activity of a business is diminished; off-season.
off time: The time interval when no current flows.
off time: Time when the medication for a chronic condition is less effective in controlling symptoms.
off time: The point in time when the official starter signals that a race begins, as distinct from the time the race is scheduled to start (post time).
off-time: Alternative form of off time
Obamacan: A member of the U.S. Republican Party who supports or supported the election of Barack Obama as president.
taxocene: A taxonomically related set of species within a community.
Obamacon: A conservative (especially a Republican) who supports or supported the election of Barack Obama as president.
xylarate: A salt or ester of xylaric acid.
endoleak: A leak into the aneurysm sac after endovascular repair.
spintext: A long-winded preacher.
biolabel: A nanoparticle (or similar) used in biolabeling
syroheme: Misspelling of siroheme.
keypoint: Part of a valley where the lower and flatter portion of the primary valley floor suddenly becomes steeper, used in computing a keyline for the efficient planning of water usage.
keypoint: An important point in an image, used in computer vision systems when detecting objects etc.
manaqish: Alternative form of manakish
manakish: A Levantine Arabic food resembling a pizza and consisting of dough topped with thyme, cheese, or ground meat.
previsit: A prior visit.
kaumatua: In Māori culture, an elder; a respected older person.
areolaes: Misspelling of areolae or Misspelling of areolas.
sapphite: A homosexual woman.
dykeling: A young or immature lesbian.
sophmore: Misspelling of sophomore.
tie beam: a horizontal beam that serves to prevent two other structural members from separating while forming the base of a triangular truss for a pitched roof.
e-course: A course of study conducted via electronic media, especially via the Internet.
paranoic: Alternative form of paranoiac
cabalism: The study of the Jewish Kaballah.
cabalism: The activities of a cabal; secret plotting.
boscalid: A particular fungicide and insecticide.
karanjin: A furanoflavonol obtained from the seeds of the karanja tree, and used as a pesticide and insecticide.
gear oil: A high-viscosity lubricant intended for use on transmissions, transfer cases, and differentials in automobiles etc.
plethysm: A particular group-theoretic operation on a set of functions of a given symmetry type.
millibit: millibitcoin
decicoin: One tenth of a bitcoin.
monoxeny: Quality of being monoxenous.
tukutuku: ornamental latticework used among the Māori people to decorate meeting-houses
Eurotext: A text of European origin, especially one associated with the European Union.
slagfest: An event or situation characterised by slagging off, or denigrating.
earlship: The rank or status of earl.
endorsor: Dated form of endorser.
aldoside: Any glucoside of an aldose.
emeraude: Obsolete form of emerald.
preflush: A preliminary flush
midiprep: midipreparation
ketoside: Any glycoside of a ketose
coreness: The quality of being core.
sarkosyl: sodium lauroyl sarcosinate
neurocan: A protein that is a significant component of the extracellular matrix.
Eurobill: A short-term financial instrument to finance government debt in the European Union.
jargonel: Archaic form of jargonelle.
jawboner: One who jawbones, or attempts to persuade.
jiujutsu: Alternative form of jujitsu
jimpness: The quality of being jimp.
kreasote: Archaic form of creosote.
imbalmer: Archaic form of embalmer.
sillykin: One who is silly.
moyamoya: A disease in which certain arteries in the brain are constricted.
kefuffle: Alternative form of kerfuffle
khilafat: caliphate
khalifat: Dated form of caliphate.
gut shot: A shot in the gut.
gut shot: A gut-shot straight.
gut-shot: Alternative form of gut shot
God draw: Alternative letter-case form of god draw
God hand: Alternative letter-case form of god hand
god draw: A draw which is especially suited to a player's needs; an optimal draw.
god hand: A hand which is especially suited to a player's needs; an optimal hand.
permcath: A permanently inserted catheter.
invirase: An antiviral drug that prevents the multiplication of HIV cells
rescuant: A rescued mutation, typically in a virus.
hypotony: The state of being hypotonic
Kosraean: Someone from Kosrae.
misunion: A bad or wrong union or alliance.
misshood: girlhood
miscreed: A bad or wrong creed.
big drum: Alternative form of Big Drum
Big Drum: A genre of music and dance, and an associated festival tradition, found in many islands of the Lesser Antilles.
minizine: A small zine.
shearlet: An extension of the wavelet, allowing the efficient encoding of anisotropic features in multivariate problem classes.
zoonomia: Synonym of zoonomy
zoiatria: veterinary medicine
falterer: One who falters.
falderol: Alternative form of folderol
fairydom: The realm or sphere of fairies.
sandunga: A traditional Mexican waltz.
boompipe: Alternative spelling of boom pipe
zandunga: Alternative form of sandunga
thrifter: A person who engages in thrifting.
Bostoner: A person who was born in or who lives in Boston, Massachusetts.
robopoll: An automated poll.
oxalosis: The deposition of oxalate within the body.
misevent: A bad or unfortunate event.
scumface: A term of abuse.
saltwork: Synonym of saltworks
scavager: One who scavages.
scopelid: Any member of the obsolete family Scopelidae of deep-sea fish, most of which are now considered to belong to the Myctophidae.
schmoose: Alternative form of SCHMOOSE
screever: One who screeves, or draws with chalks on a pavement or sidewalk.
screever: A writer of begging letters.
scolecid: Any member of the Scolecida, an infraclass of polychaete worms.
salvagee: One who is salvaged.
salvagee: A free rope on a sailing ship (one that does not have a single dedicated purpose).
periaxin: A structural protein that is required for the maintenance of myelin
sannyasi: A man in the stage of sannyasa; a wandering ascetic, a religious mendicant.
roadgeek: A person who is fascinated by roads.
jailcell: Alternative form of jail cell
tailpole: Alternative form of tail-pole
pygmyism: Dwarfism.
gintonin: A glycolipoprotein fraction isolated from ginseng.
tailflip: A movement used by crustaceans to escape predators, involving rapid abdominal flexions that propel the creature backwards through the water.
variegin: A particular anticoagulant.
shokunin: A Japanese artisan or craftsman.
brevican: A lectican that is localised to the surface of neurons in the brain.
pycnosis: Alternative form of pyknosis
lectican: Any of a family of proteoglycans that are components of the extracellular matrix.
granulin: Any of a family of secreted glycosylated peptides that affect cell growth.
punchout: strikeout
longball: A home run.
L-number: Any of the identification numbers used in an informal system for classifying catfish before they have an scientific name.
batakari: A plaid shirt, similar to the dashiki, worn by men in Ghana.
T-splice: A method of joining the end of a metal wire to the middle of another by twisting the first around the latter.
mlolongo: A system of voting held in Kenya during the Moi era where voters would line up behind their favored candidates contrary to a secret ballot.
pancrack: Social security, especially as paid to the unemployed; the dole.
sea bear: A polar bear, Ursus maritimus.
sea bear: Any of a number of pinnipeds, but mostly fur seals, and especially the northern fur seal, Callorhinus ursinus.
quartett: Archaic form of quartet.
transkid: A transgender child.
quillman: One who writes with a quill.
log book: Alternative form of logbook
grabrail: handrail
bitchlet: A little bitch
dart tag: a game/sport similar to paintball using suction darts fired from air pistols to tag out one's opponents
dart tag: by extension, the variant game/sport that uses soft headed tag darts instead of suction cups
conyngry: Rare form of conynger.
Nachlass: Writings remaining unpublished at an author's death.
soccerer: A soccer player.
cupuassu: A tropical fruit tree related to cacao, Thebroma grandiflora, the source of an edible fruit whose seeds can be used like cocoa beans.
digitron: Synonym of Nixie tube
digitron: Any electronic device for displaying digits.
Drainbow: A person who benefits from a Rainbow Gathering without doing their share of labour.
matboard: Synonym of mountboard
elbasvir: An experimental drug for the treatment of hepatitis C.
apitoxin: The venom found in a honey bee's sting.
antabuse: Alternative letter-case form of Antabuse
antefixa: Alternative form of antefix
megaboob: A woman's large breast.
coprisin: A peptide, similar to defensin, found in bacteria-immunized dung beetles
cathelin: The highly-conserved domain in all cathelicidin peptides
zampolit: A deputy commander for political affairs in the Soviet Union.
matbucha: A cooked dish of tomatoes and roasted bell peppers seasoned with garlic and chili pepper.
maritage: The right of the lord of the fee to dispose of the heiress, later also of the male heir, in marriage.
maritage: The property bought by the couple upon their marriage under the feudal customs.
maritage: The fine paid by the vassal to the feudal lord for failing to follow his maritage decision.
hipoisie: hipsters collectively
ephorate: The office of an ephor; ephors collectively
mrdangam: Alternative form of mridangam
mridanga: Alternative form of mridangam
woodfuel: biofuel made from wood
hemiface: One side of an individual's face.
antipolo: The breadfruit tree.
skyaking: The extreme sport of skydiving in a kayak, so as to land on the water.
wasteway: A chute or other route for the disposal of waste material.
whiniard: Obsolete form of whinyard. (sword)
sagewort: Any of a number of perennial herbs in the genus Artemisia which have the aromatic gray or silver foliage of the sagebrushes, but are not shrubby enough to be termed brush.
witherer: One who or that which withers.
dicerium: Two cerium atoms in a molecule.
diindium: Two indium atoms in a molecule.
yoldring: A bird, the yellowhammer.
dibarium: Two barium atoms in a molecule.
dierbium: Two erbium atoms in a molecule.
dihelium: Two helium atoms in a molecule.
diosmium: Two osmium atoms in a molecule.
wantoner: A wanton person.
dicarbon: Two carbon atoms in a molecule
dicarbon: A molecular species composed of only two carbon atoms, and nothing else
quinolin: Dated form of quinoline.
quintett: Archaic form of quintet.
tweenism: A predisposition towards tweens.
tweenism: A habit or attitude typical of tweens.
neoblast: A large, undifferentiated cell of annelid worms that participate in regeneration of lost parts
shikonin: Synonym of alkannin
insucken: The multure paid by occupiers of thirled lands for the service of grinding.
islesman: Synonym of isleman
werepuma: A shapeshifter who can change between puma and human form.
udometry: rainfall measurement
uglifier: One who or that which uglifies.
kazooist: Someone who plays the kazoo.
doundoun: Alternative form of dun dun (African drum)
udderful: Enough to fill an udder.
shawmist: Someone who plays a shawm.
unvirtue: That which is not virtue; vice.
utopiast: A utopian.
urodelan: Any member of the Urodela (syn. of Caudata).
batticon: iodine suspended in povidone solution
nametape: A kind of nametag that can be sewn onto clothing.
neckgear: neckwear
needfire: Alternative form of need-fire
lumazine: The phenolic heterocycle 2,4-dihydroxypteridine that is related to riboflavin
neckbeef: Meat from the neck of cattle.
nieveful: handful; fistful
day care: Alternative form of daycare
neophile: A lover of new or novel things.
negroism: A behaviour, speech pattern, etc. characteristic of black people.
velskoen: Alternative form of veldskoen
neophobe: One who dislikes new or novel things.
leucoddy: Alternative form of lucoddy
videofit: A computer-generated image of the face of a suspect, published by the police in an attempt to identify a person whose appearance has been described to them.
khuuchir: A bowed musical instrument of Mongolia.
vavassor: Alternative form of vavasour
umbrello: Obsolete form of umbrella.
umbrello: An outdoor structure providing shade above a seat.
vraicker: One who gathers vraic.
blue ant: A parasitic tiphiid wasp of the species Diamma bicolor
ekonting: Synonym of akonting
slim jim: A thin strip of metal such as spring steel used to unlock automobile doors without a key.
slim jim: Someone or something very thin.
slim jim: A narrow necktie worn by teddy boys.
slim jim: A kind of dipole radio antenna.
monotown: A town or city whose economy is dominated by a single industry or company.
amphipol: Any of a range of amphipathic polymers used as speciality surfactants
fanorona: The national game of Madagascar, a board game similar to checkers/draughts
debridal: debridement
cornworm: Synonym of corn earworm
panicoid: Any grass of the subfamily Panicoideae
Kahanism: A Jewish ideology based on the views of Rabbi Meir Kahane, holding that most Arabs living in Israel are enemies of Jews and Israel itself, and that a Jewish theocratic state, where non-Jews have no voting rights, should be created.
Kahanist: A supporter of Kahanism.
gynocrat: A person advocating rulership by women.
num-chuk: Synonym of nunchaku
nematoad: Misspelling of nematode.
aglucone: The aglycone of a glucoside
mimosoid: Any plant of the leguminous subfamily Mimosoideae
paravian: Any birdlike dinosaur of the clade Paraves, dinosaurs more closely related to birds than to oviraptorosaurs.
bibenzyl: 1,2-diphenylethane, an aromatic chemical compound that forms the central core of certain natural products, such as dihydrostilbenoids and isoquinoline alkaloids.
bibenzyl: Two benzyl groups in a molecule
phakinin: A protein associated with the lens of the eye.
megadome: A large dome-shaped building used for concerts, sports etc
comember: A member of the same group as another.
flat-top: Alternative form of flattop
nip slip: The brief accidental exposure of a woman's breast, usually partially and on the side.
furanyne: Any compound containing a furan ring joined to an alkyne
sour gas: natural gas, or any other gas, containing significant amounts of hydrogen sulfide
graminid: Any grass of the family Gramineae.
graminid: Any member of a clade within the order Poales containing families closely related to the Gramineae.
triabody: A trimer of a fragment of an immunoglobin
gunpower: firepower from guns
blogspam: promotional material posted to a weblog, often one specifically created for the purpose
gaussoid: A Gaussian curve.
isolysin: A hemolysin, in the serum of an animal, that will dissolve the red blood cells of another animal of the same species.
limitans: Synonym of membrana limitans
macrocup: A larger than normal optic cup
leave-in: A product of this kind.
bifactor: A factor that influences two (separate or related) consequences
baseflow: The portion of streamflow that comes from the sum of deep subsurface flow and delayed shallow subsurface flow.
compomer: A restorative material that is a hybrid of dental composites and glass ionomer cement.
drimenol: A sesquiterpene alcohol found in the bark of Drimys winteri.
gipsydom: Alternative form of gypsydom
gypsydom: The realm or sphere of gypsies.
gruiform: Any member of the Gruiformes.
galtonia: Any of the genus Galtonia of plants in the family Asparagaceae, native to southern Africa.
gesneria: Any of the genus Gesneria of flowering plants in the family Gesneriaceae.
gildhall: Dated form of guildhall.
nebbishe: Alternative form of nebbish
gravlaks: Alternative form of gravlax
gearcase: Alternative form of gear case
kookfest: A kooky event or situation.
quillaja: Alternative form of quillaia
Queenite: Synonym of Emmaite
poticary: Obsolete form of apothecary.
penpoint: The point of a pen (writing implement).
poetiser: Alternative form of poetizer
pollywig: Alternative form of polliwog
poolhall: Alternative form of pool hall
portapak: A portable, battery-powered, self-contained video recording system.
phisnomy: Obsolete form of physiognomy.
plurisie: Obsolete form of pleurisy.
pseudery: The behaviour of a pseud; intellectual pretension.
bandoura: Alternative spelling of bandura
bronzini: European seabass
shruggie: An emoticon denoting a shrug; particularly ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
patentor: One who obtains a legal patent.
patentor: One who grants a legal patent.
Jinglish: Alternative form of Jenglish
pogonion: The furthest-forward part of the chin.
singhara: The water caltrop.
zero day: Alternative spelling of zero-day
tsingala: A poisonous insect of Madagascar.
bowl wax: A soft wax gasket inserted between the outlet horn of a floor-mounted toilet and the flange to which it is bolted, to seal the connection.
Polonism: A word or phrase characteristic of the Polish language.
deletant: A mutant caused by the deletion of a gene
poopload: A large amount.
rabbiter: One who hunts rabbits.
rattline: Alternative form of ratline
razmataz: Alternative form of razzmatazz
raindate: An alternative date on which an event will be held if it rains on the originally scheduled date.
rampauge: Obsolete form of rampage.
recaller: One who recalls or remembers.
Aubryist: A follower of the French politician Martine Aubry
santhara: Synonym of sallekhana
loricrin: A major protein component of the cornified cell envelope found in terminally differentiated epidermal cells.
polydisc: A Cartesian product of discs.
polydisk: Alternative form of polydisc
paranode: The edge of the node of Ranvier of a myelinated axon (between the node and the juxtaparanode).
necrosol: A type of anthropogenic soil commonly found at burial sites, characterised by the presence of human remains.
formbook: A book that lists the current form of racehorses (position in recent races, times fallen, weights carried etc)
seaperch: Alternative form of sea perch, used especially in compound terms, e.g. Japanese seaperch.
jerkweed: A term of abuse.
helional: The aromatic aldehyde 3-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-2-methylpropanal that is used commercially as a fragrance
Dymaxion: A structure or device that is dymaxion in nature.
cake-pop: Alternative form of cake pop
coinflip: Alternative form of coin flip
pixelmap: Synonym of pixmap
fawnskin: The skin of a fawn
drumskin: The skin of a drum.
Tishbite: An inhabitant or a resident of Tishbe in Galilee
lionskin: The skin of a lion.
pinnulet: A small pinnule.
unionoid: Any member of the Unionida, an order of freshwater mussels.
resuture: A second or subsequent suture.
talkpage: Alternative spelling of talk page
supermix: Any of a number of ready-made reagent mixtures for use in polymerase chain reaction.
churidar: A pair of tight-fitting trousers, worn by men and women in South Asia.
hardstep: A subgenre of drum and bass music characterised by a gritty production style and urban feel.
shitshow: Alternative form of shit show
indorsor: Archaic form of endorser.
papalism: Synonym of papism
papalism: Hierocracy; the doctrine of the pope’s supreme authority in temporal as well as spiritual affairs.
laendler: Alternative spelling of ländler
killadar: Alternative form of kiladar
khuskhus: Alternative form of couscous
kromesky: A kind of Russian croquette wrapped in bacon before deep-frying.
larruper: One who larrups.
biocrust: biological soil crust
lakeport: A port located on a lake.
Chamorra: A female Chamorro.
linisher: A machine that carries out linishing.
lignaloe: agalloch
spirelet: A small or slender spire.
karyenda: A drum of Burundian origin, revered as a national symbol of spiritual importance.
pib-corn: Alternative form of pibcorn
babendil: A narrow-rimmed gong of Filipino origin, used singly to provide a rhythm in a kulintang ensemble.
kolenang: A type of bonang (a gong chime) with gongs laid out in a V or U-shape, used in the gamelan degung music of Sunda.
linkster: A golfer.
linkster: An interpreter; a person who understands more than one language.
linkster: In West and Central Africa, a bi- or multilingual agent or broker facilitating trade between Europeans and non-Europeans.
agidigbo: A lamellophone worn around the neck, originating among the Yoruba of Nigeria, played by striking the box frame of the instrument with a ring worn around a thumb.
scrumper: One who scrumps.
scrumper: The type of piercing of the upper frenulum (upper lip) https://books.google.com/books?id=83sjmTPnz48C&pg=PA118&dq=scrumper+lip&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0CCMQ6AEwAWoVChMI9eC8jqfQxwIVlyWICh0mzw1H#v=onepage&q=scrumper%20lip&f=false
hometeam: Alternative spelling of home team
gribiche: A mayonnaise-style cold egg sauce of French origin, made by emulsifying hard-boiled egg yolks and mustard with a neutral oil like canola or grapeseed.
tandemer: An isotopomer in tandem mass spectrometry
tailhook: A device attached to the empennage of some military fixed-wing aircraft, used to achieve rapid deceleration during landings by catching the arresting gear of a runway or aircraft carrier.
timeband: A fixed period of time representing a division of the day or night.
Pisidian: An inhabitant of Pisidia.
Falerian: A native or inhabitant of that city.
pyridyne: The pyridine analogue of benzyne.
bialkali: Two alkali metal atoms or ions in a compound
overgrip: A soft, padded, cloth-like tape wrapped around the grip of a sports racquet to improve the grip.
overgrip: pronated grip
semistar: A relatively minor celebrity who has not attained full stardom.
coethnic: A person of the same ethnicity.
tenniser: A tennis player.
linthead: A worker in a cotton or other textile mill.
linthead: A low-class Southern white.
logscale: logarithmic scale
edemogen: A substance that causes edema
periapex: The area around an apex
pairable: Either of a pair of matching items, such as clothing.
averufin: A chemical compound produced when averantin is acted upon by two different enzymes, a hydroxylase and an alcohol dehydrogenase.
foodyism: Alternative form of foodie-ism
mud drum: A boiler's water drum, particularly one mounted low on the boiler so as to keep mud from circulation.
handhole: Alternative form of hand-hole
top feed: In locomotive boilers, a feed water check valve placed on the top of the boiler drum. This encourages rapid mixing of the cold feedwater with the hot steam, reducing the risk of thermal shock to the heated parts of the boiler.
firetube: A tube conveying hot gas in a boiler.
tentoxin: A natural cyclic tetrapeptide produced by the phytopathogenic fungus Alternaria alternata
bordonua: A large stringed instrument of Puerto Rican origin, a low-pitched version of the guitar-like cuatro.
stamppot: A traditional Dutch dish of potatoes mashed with one or more other vegetables, sometimes also with bacon.
pyrizhky: Alternative spelling of pirozhki
verbenol: A monoterpene alcohol found in verbena.
myotilin: A muscle protein found within the Z-disc of sarcomeres.
monopile: A foundation consisting of a single, generally large-diameter, structural element that supports the entire load of a large above-surface structure.
fumarium: A smoke chamber used in Ancient Rome to enhance the flavor of wine.
fur baby: Alternative form of furbaby
yardsnap: A strap equipped with snaps at the outer end of a yard for securing signal halyards.
Heimlich: Heimlich maneuver.
warmaker: One who wages war.
Rooshian: Pronunciation spelling of Russian, representing dialectal English.
Rooshian: A Russia German (Russian German, German from Russia) in the US (member of one of the German communities which migrated first to the Russian Empire and then from there to the US).
poop bag: A bag into which pet faeces, especially those of a dog, are collected for disposal.
nebulite: A chorismite in which one of the textural elements occurs in lenticular masses that have indistinct boundaries.
cudbeard: Alternative form of cudbear
bugarija: A stringed instrument of Bosnian origin, a type of lute with circular soundholes, a long neck, and usually four strings.
karambit: A small, curved Southeast Asian knife resembling a Sumatran tiger's claw.
yew pine: An evergreen tree or shrub with long, narrow leaves, native to China and Japan, Podocarpus macrophyllus, widely grown for its attractive foliage.
yew pine: Any plant now or formerly in the genus Podocarpus.
yew pine: A red spruce of species Picea rubra
plum yew: Any of the east Asian trees and shrubs in the genus Cephalotaxus.
plum yew: Any of the conifers in the genus Prumnopitys.
ceterone: A large cittern distinguished by the use of wire strings, and the presence of extra bass strings.
orthosia: Any moth of the genus Orthosia
mezereum: Synonym of mezereon
deveiner: A small knife used to remove the colon from the back of shrimp.
Mountain: a steam locomotive of the 4-8-2 wheel arrangement.
derouine: An expedition made to First Nations camps or villages for trade rather than waiting for the natives to come to the forts, often involving wintering in the camps.
drummist: A drummer; someone who plays a drum.
microtip: A very small tip (end piece).
chianuri: Alternative form of chuniri
biolayer: A layer of biological material.
banjitar: Synonym of guitjo
Comtesse: A title for a French countess
flatback: A chelonid turtle, Natator depressus, with low-domed carapace, endemic to the continental shelf of Australia.
dulcitol: Synonym of galactitol
oligonol: A mixture of low-molecular-weight polyphenols found in the lychee.
cowstall: Alternative form of cow stall
subswarm: A swarm making up part of a larger swarm.
hyalomin: Any of a family of immunoregulatory peptides obtained from the salivary glands of hard ticks of the genus Hyalomma
dotarist: Someone who plays the dotara.
oleosome: Synonym of spherosome
legumain: An enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of proteins and small-molecule substrates at -Asn-Xaa- bonds.
Stroviol: Alternative form of Strohviol
stroviol: Alternative form of Strohviol
sirtinol: The substituted benzamide 2-[(2-hydroxynaphthalen-1-ylmethylene)amino]-N-(1-phenethyl)benzamide, that is biochemically active
komuzist: Someone who plays a komuz.
hot shot: Alternative spelling of hotshot
hot shot: Round shot that has been heated to a glow before firing in order to set wooden enemy ships afire.
dutarist: Someone who plays the dutar.
lurryman: One who handles or manages a lurry.
luminism: An American artistic style of the 19th century, characterised by effects of light in landscapes.
luminist: A painter who works in the style of luminism.
sarodiya: Someone who plays a sarod.
calichon: Synonym of mandora
galizona: Synonym of mandora
syamisen: Alternative spelling of shamisen
micropub: A very small public house
sarodist: Someone who plays a sarod.
celloist: Synonym of cellist
elicitin: Any of a family of small, highly conserved toxic proteins secreted by certain phytopathogenic microorganisms and inducing a necrotic and systemic hypersensitive response in certain plants.
shitdick: Term of abuse.
rebecist: Someone who plays a rebec
dickshit: Term of abuse.
equalist: egalitarian
equalist: equalitarian
autoclip: A stainless steel clip, used to close wounds, that can be removed using a forceps when the wound has healed.
bicyclol: The derivative of biphenyl, 4, 4′-dimethoxy-2, 3, 2′, 3′-bis(methylenedioxy)-6-hydroxymethyl-6′-methoxy-carbonyl biphenyl, used to treat hepatitis
setosity: The quality of being setous.
panpiper: Someone who plays panpipes.
proposee: The person to whom a proposal of marriage is made.
sissonne: A jump starting with two feet on the ground and ending with only one.
mandapam: Alternative form of mandapa
fiddlist: A fiddler.
rillette: A dish of meat cooked in fat then shredded and served in a ramekin.
emu bush: Any of the Australian desert shrubs in the genus Eremophila, which have fruits that are eaten by emus.
emu bush: Any of several other Australian shrubs with fruits said to be eaten by emus
minibite: A small, easily-digested article, programme, etc.
lispound: A unit of weight formerly used in the Baltic countries, varying between 17 and 19 pounds.
crabwalk: A form of exercise involving "walking" on one's hands and feet while facing upward.
cajonist: Someone who plays a cajón.
spoonist: A musician who plays the spoons.
bluester: A musician who plays the blues or music influenced by the blues.
pianoist: Synonym of pianist
jazzster: A jazz musician.
zoognosy: zoology
halobios: life in the oceans; marine life collectively
lienitis: inflammation of the spleen
one-drop: Alternative spelling of one drop
gayageum: A zither-like chordophone, most often with twelve strings, originating in the traditional music of Korea.
rereturn: Another return.
hemosome: A liposome found in blood
cytogram: The graphical output of a haematology analyser that is used to assist with the identification of cellular abnormalities
perlucin: A matrix protein, found in nacre, that nucleates growth of calcium carbonate crystals
jaw bone: Alternative spelling of jawbone
jew harp: Alternative spelling of Jew's harp
jewsharp: Alternative spelling of Jew's harp
levitant: one who practices levitation
witchlet: A young witch.
garmente: Obsolete form of garment.
kidspeak: The slang used by children.
sunchair: Synonym of sunlounger
fooderie: A restaurant; an eatery.
geomungo: A zither of ancient Korean origin, with frets and movable bridges, played by plucking with a stick.
hyon'gum: Synonym of geomungo
ghaychak: Any of several lute-like stringed instruments of Asian origin.
ghaychak: A double-chambered bowl lute used by the Iranian and Baloch people, with three or four strings and a short neck without frets.
ghaychak: Any of several lute-like stringed instruments of Asian origin.
ghaychak: A spike lute used in Afghanistan and throughout Central Asia, often featuring a tin can for a soundbox.
quintern: A type of four-stringed gittern, originating in Germany.
ego-self: The self-aware, self-focused, egotistic self.
candombe: A musical style of Uruguay originating from African slaves
candombe: The dance to this music
candombe: A type of drum used to accompany this music
ectosome: An extracellular vesicle assembled at, and released from the plasma membrane
oridonin: A medically useful diterpenoid found in Rabdosia rubescens.
everykid: The archetypical ordinary child.
ultrapop: A particularly pure or intense form of pop music.
Fraulein: Alternative spelling of fraulein
prefemur: Synonym of ischiopodite
Lysander: A British military aircraft used during World War II
non-self: Alternative form of nonself
Catiline: A daring and reckless conspirator.
Antinous: A handsome young man.
holloway: A road or track that is significantly lower than the land on either side, not formed by recent engineering but possibly of much greater age.
asswagon: A term of abuse.
beardist: One who practices prejudice against bearded people.
trueborn: A person of legitimate birth.
endotype: A subtype of a pathological condition
zhong-hu: Alternative spelling of zhonghu
zhong hu: Alternative spelling of zhonghu
teenzine: A magazine aimed at a teenage audience.
councell: Obsolete spelling of council
Herdwick: A sheep of a Cumbrian breed prized for their robust health and durable wool.
gonality: The "angularity" of a curve (See the Wikipedia article for a more rigorous definition)
framelet: A wavelet frame.
thoughte: Obsolete spelling of thought
fish cop: An officer of a fish and wildlife conservation commission.
woodvamp: A large deciduous vine or ground-cover related to the hydrangeas, with fragrant white flowers, native to the southeastern US, Decumaria barbara.
doenjang: A thick salty paste made from fermented soybeans, used in Korean cuisine.
rugbyist: rugby player
shichimi: A Japanese spice mixture based on coarsely ground red chili pepper.
bibimpap: Alternative spelling of bibimbap
tie bush: A toxic Asian shrub in the family Thymelaeaceae, Wikstroemia indica, used as a source of fiber and as a remedy in traditional Chinese medicine.
Wapanese: Alternative letter-case form of wapanese
Menorcan: Alternative form of Minorcan
glaebule: Any structure, in soil, whose morphology is different from the surrounding matrix
tyvelose: An immunomodulatory compound, related to sugars, found in Trichinella spiralis glycoprotein antigens
graphist: A person able to communicate or depict information or art via graphism.
gangmate: A member of the same gang.
townmate: A friend with whom one shares a hometown, especially a small one.
boatmate: Someone with whom one shares a boat, or with whom one works on a boat.
tea gown: Alternative form of tea-gown
gu zheng: Alternative spelling of guzheng
graphism: The expression of thought in material symbols.
hæcceity: Alternative form of haecceity.
fuckling: A stupid or annoying person.
fuckling: A child.
arriuall: Obsolete spelling of arrival
throuble: Alternative form of trouble
ballhair: The hair on a man's scrotum, or an individual strand of hair from it.
qanunist: Someone who plays a qanun.
goatshit: Alternative spelling of goat shit
codegree: The number of edges of a hypergraph that contain all the specified vertices
tablaist: Someone who plays a tabla.
taborist: Someone who plays a tabor.
pie bird: A hollow ceramic device shaped like an upstretched bird with open beak, used for supporting or venting a pie.
seedbank: Alternative form of seed bank
kobyzist: Someone who plays a kobyz.
flatette: A bedsit.
stateman: Synonym of statesman
adzework: cutting work done with an adze
freeport: Alternative form of free port
Holyness: Alternative form of Holiness
rectenna: A special type of antenna that converts microwave energy into direct current electricity.
overring: An overring B of an integral domain A is a subring of the field of fractions K of A that contains A, i.e. A⊆B⊆K.
overring: A ring diacritic positioned above a character, as in Å.
overring: An instance of registering too large an amount on a cash register, either accidentally or fraudulently.
kintsugi: The Japanese art of repairing broken pottery with lacquer dusted or mixed with powdered gold or similar material, highlighting the cracks instead of disguising them.
bow harp: Synonym of arched harp
isavirus: Any member of the genus Isavirus of viruses that cause infectious anemia in salmon.
systemin: A plant peptide hormone involved in the wound response in the Solanaceae family.
leafwing: Any butterfly of the subfamily Charaxinae.
leafwing: The butterfly Doleschallia bisaltide.
desakota: An area in the extended surroundings of a large city, especially in Southeast Asia, in which urban and agricultural forms of land use and settlement coexist and are intensively intermingled.
topotaxy: A reaction in which the parent material determines the orientation of the product.
ceremide: An N-acylated sphingoid.
isorhiza: An open, tubular nematocyst, in Cnidaria, that anchors the animal as it moves on its tentacles
higherup: Alternative form of higher-up
cuspform: Alternative form of cusp form
th sound: Synonym of dental fricative
typogram: A word that is written in such a manner that it illustrates what it means.
fartface: An unappealing, annoying or contemptible person.
code red: The condition on the occurrence of a fire at the medical facility.
code red: An extrajudicial punishment.
code red: A condition of immediate urgency.
OC spray: Synonym of pepper spray
feedfest: A session of voracious eating or feeding.
migfilin: A protein implicated in control of integrin-mediated cell adhesion
tunebook: A book of tunes; a songbook.
debrider: A device, used in ENT surgery, to remove polyps etc from the sinuses
curglaff: The shock felt when one first plunges into cold water.
nonrebel: One who is not a rebel.
firehall: A fire station.
wodanium: A supposed chemical element, later found to be a mixture of copper, iron, lead, nickel, etc.
rockhead: The surface of the bedrock beneath soil cover.
rockhead: The fish Bothragonus swanii, a variety of poacher.
rockhead: A stupid person.
rockhead: A fan of rock music.
upraiser: One who upraises something.
upmaking: Pieces of plank or timber piled on each other as filling up in building, especially between the bilgeways and ship's bottom, preparatory to launching.
upmaking: The arrangement of lines into columns or pages.
hackette: A female hack (inferior journalist).
hatbrush: A kind of clothesbrush for use on hats.
antigame: A game which cannot be played in the conventional sense.
antigame: A strategy in which a player refuses to participate in a game or replaces it with a game with different rules.
hardcase: Alternative form of hard case
harmalin: Alternative form of harmaline
hamperer: One who hampers or hinders.
hartbees: Alternative form of hartebeest
harkener: Alternative spelling of hearkener
hectorer: One who hectors or bullies.
hotelman: A person who operates a hotel.
hypnotee: One who undergoes hypnosis.
zygology: The science of fastening things together.
lectress: A female lector.
communer: One who communes with someone or something.
communer: One who receives communion.
lunanaut: An astronaut who travels to the Moon; a lunarnaut.
washball: Alternative form of wash-ball.
trawlman: One who fishes by trawling.
creelman: One who fishes with a creel.
toxtazin: Any of a class of toxT transcription inhibitors
sambuusa: A Somali snack similar to a samosa.
mahfucka: Alternative spelling of muhfugga
muhfucka: Pronunciation spelling of muhfugga.
fuckster: An undesirable person.
fuckster: A person, usually a man, who is an eager and energetic participant in sexual intercourse.
mahfugga: Alternative spelling of muhfugga
Jew nose: A larger than average nose.
genepool: Alternative form of gene pool
Legalism: A school of thought, originating in ancient China during the Warring States period and officially adopted during the Qin dynasty, advocating rule of law as key to ensuring social stability.
trollist: A troll; one who makes inflammatory postings.
trollism: The practice of trolling, or making inflammatory postings.
film-set: Alternative form of film set
inbreath: A breath taken in; an inhalation.
midgrass: Grass that is neither particularly short or tall.
tropaion: An ancient Greek or Roman monument set up to commemorate a victory over foes, and typically shaped like a tree, sometimes with a pair of arm-like branches.
carboxin: An anilide fungicide.
cuprobam: A particular fungicide.
zoxamide: A particular fungicide.
cufraneb: A particular fungicide.
eye roll: Alternative form of eye-roll
tiorbino: A stringed instrument, a type of small theorbo.
eye-roll: The circular movement of one's eyes, usually suggesting feelings of exasperation, disbelief or frustration.
violaist: Someone who plays the viola.
sympitar: A stringed instrument similar to a guitar with sympathetic strings like a sitar.
jack-ass: Alternative spelling of jackass
dicloran: A particular fungicide.
dinocton: A particular fungicide.
flumorph: A particular fungicide.
debacarb: A particular fungicide.
dichlone: A particular fungicide.
fenfuram: A particular fungicide.
furamide: A particular fungicide.
crapness: The property of being crap, or of poor quality.
nuarimol: A particular fungicide.
oxadixyl: A particular fungicide.
megateam: A very large or successful team.
minisolo: A short solo.
mepronil: A particular fungicide.
minitart: A little tart (kind of pie or pastry).
pi minus: Alternative spelling of pi-minus
tiadinil: A particular fungicide.
tioxymid: A particular fungicide.
waxathon: An extended session of waxing the body.
poly sci: Abbreviation of political science.
cockhole: a man's urethra
cockhole: a contemptible person
nazirite: Alternative letter-case form of Nazirite
fruitlet: A young, unripe fruit
Naxalist: A supporter of Naxalism
scrappie: scrap dealer
Pabloism: A Greek form of Trotskyism based on the thinking of Michel Pablo
Posadism: A form of Trotskyism based on the politics of J. Posadas
Pabloist: A proponent of Pabloism
faregate: A barrier limiting access to a public transport network to those who have paid a fare.
non-suit: Alternative spelling of nonsuit
indiedom: The realm or sphere of indie music, films, video games, etc.
propineb: A particular fungicide.
toe kick: A recess at the bottom of a kitchen cabinet that allows a person to stand closer to the counter-top.
Guesdism: The socialist philosophy of Jules Guesde
Guesdist: A proponent of Guesdism
mug cake: A simple cake whose ingredients are combined in a mug to be quickly cooked in the microwave.
subdrain: A drain below the surface of the ground.
herohood: The quality, state, or condition of being a hero.
camphone: A cameraphone.
biasness: Biasedness; bias.
wastness: A waste or wilderness.
mirkning: Late twilight, dusk.
phonecam: A camera built into a mobile phone.
calctuff: Alternative form of calctufa
chamelot: Alternative form of camlet
calthrop: Alternative form of caltrop
heroness: Heroism.
catnaper: Alternative spelling of catnapper
capmaker: A person or company that manufactures caps (the headgear).
cavorter: One who cavorts.
dry sink: a type of cabinet used to hold a washbasin and water pitcher, sometimes including splashboards.
tauonium: a subatomic particle formed by the bound state of a matter tauon with its antimatter partner antitauon
capitayn: Obsolete form of captain.
bou bhat: A Bengali ritual feast traditionally held after a wedding, where the groom's family for the first time taste rice cooked by the new bride.
mauzadar: An administrative official responsible for a mauza in British Assam.
mokatine: Misspelling of mochatine.
notifyee: a person or organization that is being notified
khichiri: Alternative form of kedgeree
chigetai: Alternative form of dziggetai
expungee: One whose information or record has been expunged.
Ḥasidism: Alternative spelling of Hassidism
bryconin: Any fish of the genus Brycon or the family Bryconidae.
bioamine: Any biochemically-produced amine
chabutra: A paved terrace attached to a house or garden.
pishachi: A female demon.
melianol: A tetracyclic triterpene found in Melia species.
mink oil: An oil made from mink fat; it contains palmitoleic acid and is used in various medical and cosmetic products and to preserve leather.
megatour: A very large-scale or highly successful tour.
showring: Alternative form of show ring
stylizer: One who stylizes.
mouzadar: Alternative form of mauzadar
mazumdar: Alternative form of mouzadar
koftwork: koftgari
yeldring: Alternative form of yeldrin
kickdown: In a vehicle with automatic transmission, a downshift triggered by pressing down the throttle pedal.
Walkyrie: Alternative form of valkyrie
walkmill: Alternative form of waulkmill
waukmill: Alternative form of waulkmill
jet bead: Rhodotypos scandens, a deciduous shrub in the family Rosaceae, with shiny black drupes.
washwipe: A device with water jets for washing and wiping the windscreen, headlights, etc. of a vehicle.
warrison: Alternative form of warison
widowman: A widower.
whorlbat: Alternative form of whirlbat
hydragog: Alternative form of hydragogue
hoteldom: The world or sphere of hotels.
kenotron: A kind of vacuum rectifier, used for the power supply in X-ray equipment.
witchety: Any of certain Acacia species.
witchety: Short for witchety grub.
warpower: The capacity of a nation or other institution to wage war.
microsec: Abbreviation of microsecond.
nanodrug: A drug containing nanoparticles.
exophage: Any parasite that feeds outside of its host
Männlein: A little man; a dwarf, a mannikin.
sinility: Misspelling of senility.
infixion: The addition of an infix.
biocrude: Synonym of bio-oil
spinosyn: Any of a family of polyketide, tetracyclic macrolide pesticides of bacterial origin.
lysopine: An amino acid, carboxyethyl-lysine, that is the lysine analogue of octopine
eglomise: Glass ornamented with gold foil.
ettercap: Alternative form of attercop
excludee: One who is excluded.
mauvette: a purple color similar to mauve
fishpole: A fishing pole.
fishpole: A boom pole.
reposall: Obsolete form of reposal.
uncandor: Lack of candor.
new-born: Alternative spelling of newborn
bronydom: The community or culture of bronies.
lionhead: A lionhead rabbit.
lionhead: A lionhead cichlid.
fishboat: A fishing boat.
revealee: one who is revealed
gayspeak: The style of language used by people who are gay, or homosexual.
spreadee: That which is being spread on; the target of spreading.
sex club: A group or establishment which organises sex-related activities for its members.
acridian: Any of the family Acrididae of grasshoppers, crickets, locusts etc.
livetrap: Alternative spelling of live-trap
that guy: The stereotypical badly-behaved or stupid person. Often in the phrases "Don't be that guy" or "I don't want to be that guy."
bronyism: The community, culture, or philosophy of bronies.
isospory: The quality of being isosporous.
dakerhen: Alternative form of daker-hen
isthmoid: A set of vertices of a graph after whose deletion the graph is no longer connected.
devildom: A realm of devils.
dognaper: Alternative spelling of dognapper
misgrace: disgrace
dowdyism: A plain, unfashionable style of dress.
etherism: The state of intoxication caused by ether.
dysmelic: A person who has dysmelia.
eulachan: Alternative form of eulachon
equinity: The quality of being equine.
etherist: A medical professional who uses ether as an anaesthetic.
etherist: One who uses ether as a recreational drug.
gomashta: A native Indian clerk or steward.
gunowner: A person who owns a gun.
'bortion: Informal form of abortion.
cow-chip: Alternative form of cow chip
chicklin: Pronunciation spelling of chickling.
cow chip: A piece of dried cow dung, used especially as fuel in the Third World and by early North American settlers.
evopsych: Alternative form of evo-psych
pasdaran: A Revolutionary Guard (member of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution)
Doug fir: A Douglas fir tree.
clbuttic: A type of error in which some bowdlerizing software garbles words by replacing objectionable words that occur within a word with tamer alternatives.
tadeonal: Synonym of polygodial
stemflow: The flow of intercepted water down the trunk or stem of a plant.
botanics: The science of botany.
Jet Star: A variety of low-acidity, crack-resistant tomato.
nanoyarn: yarn made from nanofiber
solempte: solemnization of marriage
Aoteroan: Alternative spelling of Aotearoan
iodozone: An iodine and ozone compound, historically used as an antiseptic.
iridesis: The ligature of a portion of the iris brought out through an incision in the cornea.
kandhuli: The bronze featherback, Notopterus notopterus.
addiment: Synonym of complement
okolehao: A distilled beverage made from the ti root, and often containing other ingredients, such as sugar cane and pineapple.
biotruth: Something accepted as an inescapable or inherent product of biology.
biotruth: Such ideas collectively.
cryology: The study of snow and ice.
cryology: The science of refrigeration.
sabeline: The skin of the sable.
sabeline: Ox hair dyed red to look like the higher-quality red sable, and sometimes blended with it; a substitute material for red sable.
end-foot: the enlarged end of a nerve fiber that terminates adjacent to the dendrite of another nerve cell; a terminal button.
postpipe: The remains of an upright timber placed in a posthole.
tindaloo: A very spicy Bangladeshi curry, hotter than vindaloo.
vindalho: Alternative form of vindaloo
mireland: marshy or miry wetland
vainesse: Obsolete form of vainness.
ventayle: Obsolete form of ventail.
ventaile: Obsolete form of ventail.
ballclay: Alternative form of ball clay
bedsonia: The chlamydia microorganism.
fancible: fancy items
Braeburn: A red crispy apple originating in New Zealand.
stressee: an organism that is stressed
sex pact: an agreement about having sex with particular frequency, or in a particular way regardless of circumstances
fun pack: A bag containing gifts and promotional material handed out at a conference, exhibition, or similar event.
fun pack: A small ("fun-size") package of snacks etc.
riometer: An instrument used to quantify the amount of electromagnetic wave ionospheric absorption in the atmosphere.
ultrarun: An ultramarathon.
pumapard: A hybrid of a puma and a leopard.
gori mem: A white woman.
oviscape: The basal part of the ovipositor of some species of insects, typically the non-retractile sheath that remains exposed when the ovipositor is withdrawn and not in action.
oviscape: The oviscapte or ovipositor.
sidelamp: A light mounted on the side of a motor vehicle.
angelism: A doctrine that regards humans as angelic.
Marigold: A rubber glove, especially one for use in household cleaning.
one-half: One of two equal parts (1/2, ½, 0.5).
blogshop: A blog that functions as a retail portal.
ice cold: Alternative spelling of ice-cold.
juvenoia: The fear or hostility directed by an older generation toward a younger one, or toward youth culture in general.
fakiness: fakeness
blimbing: Archaic form of bilimbi.
boltonia: Any member of the genus Boltonia of plants in the sunflower family.
unsealer: One who unseals something.
boobyism: The quality of being a booby, foolishness.
subitive: A verbal form denoting an action that occurs suddenly or sharply.
gatepier: Either of the pair of piers or pillars supporting a gate.
cacholot: Archaic form of cachalot.
cammaron: A giant freshwater shrimp.
caffeism: Alternative form of caffeinism
capsizal: A capsizing or overturning.
carassow: Archaic form of curassow.
rickyard: A farmyard where hayricks are stored.
monocrop: A crop of a single kind, grown without others.
catatony: Dated form of catatonia.
chatchka: Alternative form of tchotchke
chatchke: Alternative form of tchotchke
cheewink: Alternative form of chewink
cheveron: Dated form of chevron. (V-shaped ornament)
cheekful: A partial mouthful, enough to fill one's cheek.
chipmuck: Archaic form of chipmunk.
coprosma: Any of the plants in the genus Coprosma.
clerkdom: The role or status of clerk.
coalshed: A shed in which coal is stored.
kakabeak: Any of various flowering plants in the genus Clianthus.
coleader: A joint leader.
cistvaen: Alternative form of kistvaen
copydesk: Alternative form of copy desk
cornmill: A mill where corn is ground.
tanahdar: Alternative form of thanadar
chiccory: Dated form of chicory.
conveyal: Synonym of conveyance
cowheard: Obsolete form of cowherd.
cullyism: gullibility
tarletan: Alternative form of tarlatan
hashhead: A user of the drug hashish.
chiragon: A mechanical hand guide for writers who are blind.
new wine: Wine that has fermented for a short amount of time.
new wine: A fresh batch of wine.
new wine: Any number of Christian revivals and New Christian movements.
dekalogy: Alternative form of decalogy
deflater: Alternative form of deflator
deterrer: One who, or that which, deters.
deuddarn: A kind of cupboard with two sections.
dehorner: A device for cutting the horns off an animal's head.
dollhood: The state or period of being a doll.
kerthump: The sound of a loud or repeated thump.
doweling: A dowel.
fogeyism: Alternative form of fogyism
frescoer: A fresco painter.
feblesse: feebleness; weakness; frailty
metrobus: A bus, in an urban rapid transit system, that is somewhat like a tram, and runs in a segregated busway
Subarian: A person belonging to the ancient culture of Subartu.
Rex Hunt: An extremely unpleasant or objectionable person.
postgasm: The period immediately following an orgasm.
postgasm: A pleasurable reaction to a post, such as on a forum or message board.
resitter: One who resits an examination.
autowave: A self-supporting non-linear wave in active media (i.e. one of those that provide distributed energy sources).
emblazer: One who emblazes.
nailfold: The skin that overlaps the edge of a fingernail or toenail.
unfixity: Lack of fixity.
rewarewa: Knightia excelsa, an evergreen tree of New Zealand, with leathery leaves and red flowers.
riminess: The quality of being rimy.
ropiness: The quality of being ropy.
rowndell: Obsolete form of roundel.
rubbaboo: Alternative form of rubaboo
tsukubai: A small basin, usually of stone, used for ritual ablution in Japanese Buddhist temples and before the tea ceremony.
parroket: Archaic form of parakeet.
parchisi: Alternative form of pachisi
parflesh: Alternative form of parfleche
papisher: A Roman Catholic; a papist.
ledikeni: A fried sweetmeat of West Bengal, made from chhena and flour and filled with sugar syrup.
kamleika: A light and waterproof Aleut robe made from animal intestines.
penuckle: Alternative form of pinochle
shoeplay: The act of using one's foot to play with a shoe, lifting and dangling it, etc., regarded as erotic by fetishists.
peyotism: The consumption of peyote for its psychedelic effects.
peyotist: One who consumes peyote for its psychedelic effects.
peridote: Archaic form of peridot.
phosphid: Archaic form of phosphide.
phengite: Any of a series of dioctahedral micas of composition K(AlMg)₂(OH)₂(SiAl)₄O₁₀, similar to muscovite but with addition of magnesium.
verselet: A little verse or poem.
bareroot: A plant removed from soil in a dormant state, from which it can more rapidly acclimate to new soil conditions.
wikicode: Synonym of wiki markup
try-work: Alternative form of trywork
faldetta: A headdress and shawl worn by women in parts of the Mediterranean.
fakement: A forgery; something faked.
tryworks: Synonym of trywork
fanegada: Synonym of fanega (“traditional Spanish unit of volume, mass, or land area”)
try work: Alternative form of trywork
workhome: A place where people both live and are given a job.
feedhole: A hole through or into which something is fed.
feedhole: Any of the holes in punched paper that engage with the sprocket in a machine.
feminacy: effeminacy
finesser: One who finesses, or manages something with care or skill.
fishworm: A worm used as bait in angling.
fishworm: A worm that parasitizes fish.
short oo: The vowel sound, /ʊ/, of the "oo" in the word "good", as opposed to the "oo" in the word "mood".
fisnomie: Obsolete form of physiognomy.
firepink: Silene virginica, a brilliant red wildflower of eastern North America in the family Caryophyllaceae.
filmcard: A card containing microfilm data, used in a microfiche system.
armatole: A Greek armed mercenary who enforced Ottoman rule in Greece from the 15th century onwards; during the Greek War of Independence (1821–1832), many armatoloi became pro-independence guerrilla fighters opposed to Ottoman rule.
flopover: A form of television signal distortion where the displayed image appears to scroll vertically rather than remaining still.
holddown: A clamping device that holds another structural element in place.
holddown: A period during which a network router ignores messages about a currently unreachable route, giving it time to become reachable again.
robotism: The policy or process of using robots; robotization.
robotism: Robotic behaviour.
spimming: The sending of spim.
headhood: The property of being a syntactic or morphological head.
steaning: A ford over a river.
steaning: The stone or brick lining of a well, etc.
ladyporn: Erotic literature written by and/or intended to appeal to women.
babalawo: In Yoruba culture, a priest of Ifa.
risaldar: Alternative form of ressaldar
kerfluff: Synonym of kerfuffle
pumpking: A Perl user working on shared source code who has been temporarily designated as the only person who is allowed to make changes.
hydrator: Something that hydrates.
hydrator: A compartment or drawer, as in a refrigerator, for keeping perishable foods fresh and preventing moisture loss.
tarantas: Alternative form of tarantass
big girl: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see big, girl.
big girl: An adult female.
big girl: An older girl or grown-up girl; a girl who is no longer an infant.
big girl: A timid, weak or effeminate boy or man.
big girl: A female supposed to behave as a responsible adult.
big girl: A woman who is overweight.
cockmeat: A penis; the flesh of a penis.
gen. ed.: Alternative form of gen ed
Gen. Ed.: Alternative form of gen ed
backprop: backpropagation
demeaner: One who demeans.
veldfire: A wildfire on the veld.
silicane: Synonym of silane
megafire: A very large wildfire, typically one covering more than 100,000 acres.
thumbnut: A nut with a knurled rim which can be turned with thumb and forefinger.
thumbnut: Synonym of wingnut
cloathes: Obsolete form of clothes.
helixing: The practice of wearing a beanie towards the back of one's crown, so as to expose the helix (outer rim) of one's ears.
entelech: Alternative form of entelechy.
β-lactam: Alternative form of beta-lactam
Assadism: The Syrian strain of Ba'athism.
brownbul: Either of two species of birds in the greenbul genus Phyllastrephus.
Assadist: A supporter of Assadism.
Assadist: A supporter of Bashar Al-Assad.
crybully: A person who engages in intimidation, harassment, or other abusive behaviour while claiming to be a victim.
Babyflot: Any of the airlines in the former Soviet Union created from the dissolution of the Soviet airline monopoly Aeroflot in the early 1990s.
voievode: Alternative form of voivode
voyevode: Alternative form of voivode
vojevoda: Alternative form of voivode
voyevoda: Alternative form of voivode
woyewoda: Alternative form of voivode
Bagheera: The deputy leader of a pack of Cub Scouts.
gangshag: Synonym of gangbang (group sex)
bulldike: Alternative form of bull dyke
crachach: A member of the Establishment in Wales, typically Welsh-speaking and holding an influential position but disregarding the interests of the Welsh people.
earthwax: ozocerite
cocooner: A person who is most comfortable staying at home.
ratsicle: A cold or frozen rat.
bamboula: A drum made from giant bamboo.
bamboula: A dance accompanied by such drums.
showtune: Alternative form of show tune
dyeworks: A factory for the production of paints and dyes.
sootball: A ball of soot or ash.
softwire: A type of tunnelling protocol that creates a virtual "wire" that transparently encapsulates another protocol as if were an anonymous point-to-point low-level link.
chinfest: A session of chat or gossip; a chinwag.
grandame: Alternative form of grandam
hallower: One who hallows or makes holy.
kaleyard: Alternative form of kailyard
Buffyfic: A fanfic based on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Buffyfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
latherer: A person employed to fasten laths to parts of buildings.
latherer: A person employed in a barber's shop to apply lather to customers before they are shaved.
kittycat: Alternative form of kitty-cat
monadist: A proponent of monadism.
meat axe: A cleaver used for chopping meat.
sapucaya: Alternative form of sapucaia
Treksmut: Sexually-explicit fan fiction based on the Star Trek television series and films.
preclean: The act of cleaning something in advance.
silverer: One who silvers (covers with silver or a silvery metal).
spoofery: spoofs in general; satirical parody
teacloth: A tea towel.
sunbreak: A natural phenomenon in which sunlight obscured over a relatively large area penetrates the obscuring material in a localized space, e.g. through a hole in cloud cover.
testcard: Alternative form of test card
thrustor: Alternative form of thruster
totaquin: Alternative form of totaquina
manbulge: The outline of a man's genitalia visible or prominently protruding through tight clothing.
varitype: A kind of advanced typewriter that could use various different typefaces.
petasius: A large broad-rimmed bell used for summoning monks.
perv row: The front row of seats in a strip club.
singback: An exercise where the pupil is instructed to sing back a sequence of notes previously played or sung.
clapback: An exercise where the pupil is instructed to repeat a previously played rhythm by clapping.
clapback: A witty or sarcastic retort.
blueweed: Any of several species of plants with blue flowers:
blueweed: Cichorium intybus (chicory).
blueweed: Any of several species of plants with blue flowers:
blueweed: Echium vulgare (viper's bugloss).
blueweed: Any of several species of plants with blue flowers:
blueweed: Helianthus ciliaris (blueweed sunflower, Texas blueweed).
blueweed: Any of several species of plants with blue flowers:
blueweed: Ageratum houstonianum (flossflower, bluemink, pussy foot, Mexican paintbrush).
basquine: A sort of basque petticoat.
tamakeri: A sexual fetish and subgenre of pornography based around the physical abuse of a man's testicles.
flat tax: A tax, usually income tax, whose percentage rate or currency value remains constant, regardless of the amount to which the tax is applied.
copaline: Partly mineralized copal; an organic substance found as irregular pieces of a pale yellow colour.
copalite: Synonym of copaline
gag rule: A rule that limits or forbids the consideration or discussion of a particular topic by members of a legislative or decision-making body.
bowguard: A protective cover worn on the wrist or forearm, sometimes extending to partially cover the hand, which provides protection from the snap of a released bowstring.
aviphile: A person who loves birds, a bird-lover.
astakine: Any of a group of cytokines found in freshwater crayfish
sporamin: A storage protein found in the tubers of sweet potato
jianbing: A thin Chinese fried-egg pancake similar to a crepe.
Proosian: Pronunciation spelling of Prussian.
jug wine: Inexpensive table wine, typically bottled in a glass jug.
Ahmadist: Ahmadi
isophone: An isogloss indicating where a certain phone, or speech segment, is found.
racepath: A path used for racing.
Splittie: A Volkswagen Type 2 van with a split windshield.
rallyist: One who attends a rally or demonstration.
jake leg: Paralysis of the feet and ankles caused by the consumption of TOCP (tri-ortho-cresyl phosphate) or methyl alcohol, found in adulterated moonshine or Jamaica ginger extract.
tuftelin: An acidic phosphorylated glycoprotein found in tooth enamel, and formed for a short time during amelogenesis.
Neo-Dada: A minor art movement with similarities in method or intent to earlier Dada art.
receival: An amount (of goods, etc.) received.
receival: A grain receival centre, a place where harvested wheat, oats, barley, etc are received for storage and later bulk shipping.
tardface: A stupid person.
pumpwood: A tropical tree of the genus Cecropia.
biolipid: Any lipid that has biological activity
chalimus: The post-copepodid stage of a caligid parasite, having a frontal filament for attaching to the host
exodrift: A tendency to exotropia
unipoint: A primitive tool with a single pointed end.
mortalin: A mitochondrial-resident protein that exhibits different staining patterns in normal and immortal cells.
focality: The quality of being focal.
focality: A focal entity, implying something that is different from its surroundings.
histatin: Any of a class of antimicrobial and antifungal proteins found in saliva.
sirehood: The property of being a father.
orehouse: A building for the storage of ore.
osetrova: Synonym of osetra (type of caviar)
gelongma: A female gelong.
perezone: A sesquiterpene quinone found in various Perezia species.
devilock: An alternative hairstyle where the sides and back are kept short while the front is kept long and combed forward.
screwgie: A screwball.
meatsuit: A physical body regarded as something being temporarily worn, e.g. when possessed by a spirit or demon.
scroogie: Alternative form of screwgie
matmaker: One who manufactures mats.
ethephon: A plant growth regulator that is converted into ethylene when metabolized by the plant.
eolienne: Synonym of aeolian (“lightweight fabric”)
netmaker: One who manufactures nets.
examplar: Alternative form of exemplar
fainness: The property of being fain; joy; gladness.
mopedist: A driver of a moped
fixature: A gummy preparation for fixing the hair in place.
femetary: Obsolete form of fumitory.
websmith: A person who creates web pages.
fountlet: A small fountain.
flymaker: One who makes artificial flies for use in fishing.
fricadel: Alternative form of frikadelle
bristler: Someone or something that bristles.
bristler: A bristled pig.
bristler: A conman.
bristler: A person of low social class.
bristler: A soldier who is part of a company that carries pikes.
grammeme: A unit of grammar.
guv'mint: Alternative spelling of guvmint.
gub'ment: Pronunciation spelling of government.
guv'ment: Pronunciation spelling of government.
squipper: A survival equipment fitter.
shmegege: Alternative spelling of schmegeggy
hypoecho: A hypoechoic state.
catadupe: Waterfall; cataract.
bum wine: Cheap wine of very low quality, sold solely for the purposes of intoxication.
metacyst: The cystic stage of a parasite (within a host)
cyanidol: Synonym of catechol
hindlook: A look back; a look in review; afterlook.
Q-carbon: An allotrope of carbon that is superhard, ferromagnetic and electroconductive.
forisome: Any of a class of proteins occurring in the sieve tubes of Fabaceae.
grab-ass: Alternative form of grabass
grab ass: Alternative form of grabass
musakhan: A Palestinian dish of roast chicken baked with onions, pine nuts, and seasonings, served over tabun bread.
neb-nose: The kind of person who is always poking into people's affairs.
neb-nose: An inquisitive person.
bicopter: A rotorcraft propelled by two rotors.
biwiring: The situation where each loudspeaker has two pairs of connectors and two cables are run from the same amplifier output to the speaker cabinet, claimed by some audiophiles to improve the sound quality.
aphasiac: Alternative form of aphasic
baudekin: Alternative form of baldacchin
boschbok: Alternative form of bushbuck
burrweed: Any of various plants in the genus Soliva.
careener: One who moves with a careening motion.
careener: A person employed to expose the side of a ship by tilting it to carry out cleaning and repairs.
cabasset: An Italian helmet with a stalk-like projection on the top resembling a pear.
chetopod: Alternative form of chaetopod
curriery: A place where the currying of leather is carried out.
cromorne: A French woodwind instrument resembling the crumhorn.
hoactzin: Alternative form of hoatzin
skiplane: An aircraft with skis for landing on snow or ice.
paradize: Obsolete form of paradise.
catalpol: An iridoid glucoside first found in plants in the genus Catalpa.
pregenre: Alternative form of pre-genre
agnuside: An organic compound found in Vitex agnus-castus; the ester of aucubin and p-hydroxybenzoic acid.
sumacade: A sweetened drink made with the drupes of the sumac.
voievoda: Obsolete form of voivode.
clarsach: A small triangular wire-strung harp of Gaelic origin.
mite box: A box, especially in a church, into which small charitable donations for the needy may be placed; (now commonly) any of a number of cardboard boxes distributed for individual donations.
cow bite: A large pinch performed with the entire hand, squeezing everything between thumb and fingers rather than just using the fingertips.
cow bite: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cow, bite.
dameship: Damehood.
vestitol: A particular isoflavonoid found in Brazilian red propolis.
microgap: A microscopic gap.
tacitron: A low-noise thyratron with interruptible current flow.
corotron: A gas-filled shunt regulator, usually containing small quantities of radioactive materials to ease ignition, the regulated voltage depending upon the gas or gases used and their proportions and pressure.
excitron: A kind of mercury pool tube.
foreroom: A room near the entrance of a building; a front room
zoomorph: A figure in ancient art resembling an animal.
pisstake: Alternative form of piss-take
spinwave: Alternative form of spin wave
Hypatian: A woman who chooses to remain unmarried, or without a partner, for the rest of her life.
subnavel: The area below the navel; the lower stomach.
dip coat: Alternative form of dipcoat
dip-coat: Alternative form of dipcoat
fromenty: Alternative form of frumenty
fullstop: Alternative spelling of full stop.
erigeron: Any member of the plant genus Erigeron.
M.R.A.S.: Initialism of Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences.
M.R.A.S.: Initialism of Member of the Royal Asiatic Society.
anuvrtti: In the Paninian grammar of Sanskrit, the "carrying over" of earlier-described rules into subsequent contexts, without explicitly restating those rules.
permitee: Alternative form of permittee
biamping: The use of two channels of amplification to power each loudspeaker within an audio system.
doculect: A languoid that has been documented in any way, including raw data such as sound files, primary data such as transcribed text, or secondary data such as a grammatical description.
hoot owl: Synonym of barred owl
hoot owl: Any type of owl that hoots.
vallidom: worth; value
angelist: A proponent of angelism
nosogeny: Synonym of nosogenesis
B. Litt.: Abbreviation of Bachelor of Letters.
lip flap: A failure in audio-video synchronization, so that an actor's lips move but no sound is heard.
lip flap: A movement of an actor's lips, which is to be matched as closely as possible in a dubbed version of the film.
lip flap: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lip, flap.
downflex: Something that has been forced to curve downward.
downflex: Something that can bend in a downward direction.
dimeback: A sixth defensive back (in addition to two cornerbacks, two safeties and a nickelback) who is deployed for additional pass coverage.
brachysm: Unusually small size resulting from the shortening of internodes.
dragsman: A driver of a carriage, coach, or drag, for public transport, private hire, or as a household servant; coachman.
dragsman: One who races horses; an amateur jockey.
dragsman: A thief who cuts the luggage from carriages.
dragsman: One who drags a body of water in search of something that is submerged.
dragsman: One who moves the carts or sledges at a mine; a putter.
dragsman: One who lays down the scent trail for a hunt.
tristich: A tercet.
shnorrer: One who shnors.
nailbomb: Alternative form of nail bomb
nullipar: Synonym of nullipara
sledload: Enough to fill a sled.
runlevel: Any of a set of modes of operation in certain operating systems, defining the state of the machine after boot.
uchimata: Alternative form of uchi mata
mamsahib: Alternative form of memsahib
votebank: Alternative spelling of vote bank.
arythmia: Alternative form of arrhythmia
scabinus: A municipal officer roughly equivalent to a councilman or alderman.
bhagwaan: a god.
bhagwaan: a Hindu deity, such as Rama or Krishna.
bhagwaan: a saint or a holy man.
decenary: A tithing.
instress: In the philosophy of Gerard Manley Hopkins, the apprehension or realization of the inscape, or distinctive design, of an object.
hexapody: A verse or measure of six metrical feet.
hexapody: The property of being a hexapod; six-leggedness.
userlist: A list of users, typically for the purpose of authorization on IRC.
bee tree: A tree inhabited by a colony of honey bees.
duodecet: A group of twelve musicians; a piece of music written for such a group
papaitan: A Filipino soup made with goat or beef tripe and offal, and flavoured with bile.
cumstain: A stain from ejaculate.
cumstain: Term of abuse.
lagriine: Any member of the Lagriinae.
harambee: A traditional Kenyan community self-help event or organization.
capitoul: The former chief magistrates of the city of Toulouse, France.
foreview: A preview
foreview: A forward view
megaship: a very large ship; a ship that is among the world's largest
Adlerism: The psychology and psychotherapy theories of Alfred Adler.
peliosis: purpura
phalloid: Any fungus of the genus Phallus.
aureolin: A yellow pigment used in painting, composed of potassium cobaltinitrite.
xylarium: A herbarium specialising in specimens of wood.
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg crate
eggcrate: A crate for eggs.
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg crate
eggcrate: A self-contained class
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg crate
eggcrate: A foam pad
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg crate
eggcrate: A textured surface or insert.
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg crate
eggcrate: A style of roof
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg crate
eggcrate: Grid-like support structure.
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg-crating (plastic mat)
eggcrate: A display that egg-crates multiple images.
feldgrau: The greenish-grey colour of German military uniforms.
feldgrau: A German soldier who wears a uniform of this colour.
feldgrau: The color of the field uniform of the German Army from late 1907 until 1945.
remisier: an agent of a stockbroking company who receives a commission for each transaction handled
monobody: A synthetic binding protein constructed using a fibronectin type III domain as a molecular scaffold.
loaiasis: Alternative form of loiasis
isoxaben: The benzamide herbicide (N-[3-(1-ethyl-1-methylpropyl)-1,2-oxazol-5-yl]-2,6-dimethoxybenzamide).
gainword: A word that a language has borrowed from other languages. In the process, the spelling and pronunciation, and even meaning, may be altered.
overcost: excessive cost
keffiyah: Alternative form of keffiyeh
lickspit: Synonym of lickspittle
lithemia: Alternative form of lithaemia
maccabaw: Alternative form of maccaboy
mamselle: Alternative form of mamzelle
massoola: masoola boat
masoolah: Alternative form of masoola (“type of boat”)
malemiut: Dated form of malamute.
mudirieh: Alternative form of mudiriyah
matgrass: The grass Nardus stricta.
matgrass: matweed
matgrass: Spinifex hirsutus (rolling grass)
matgrass: Polygonum aviculare (common knotgrass) and other closely related plants
matgrass: Hemarthria uncinata
mudirate: Synonym of mudiriyah
myxameba: Alternative form of myxamoeba
neaptide: Alternative form of neap tide
proxigee: An unusually close perigee resulting from evection.
milkshed: A region producing milk that may be supplied to the area of demand with practical (competitively advantageous) speed and cost of transport.
milkshed: A shed in which animals are milked. (Contrast milkhouse, a building or portion thereof where milk is cooled and stored pending transport.)
lord-dom: Alternative form of lorddom
oolachan: Alternative form of eulachon
numchuck: Synonym of nunchaku
oulachon: Alternative form of eulachon
rush-job: Alternative form of rush job
lordhood: The state, quality, or condition of a lord
shitsack: A term of abuse.
lordness: The state or condition of a lord
lordness: lordship
rush job: A task done under pressure or with urgency.
Governor: The title for someone who holds the post of governor.
chipseal: A pavement surface treatment that combines one or more layers of asphalt with one or more layers of fine aggregate.
ratooner: A plant that sprouts ratoons.
santalol: Either of a pair of sesquiterpenes found in sandalwood.
sapiutan: Bubalus depressicornis, a small Indonesian water buffalo.
satinpod: Any of various plants in the genus Lunaria.
sawshark: Any of the order Pristiophoriformes of sharks with long, blade-like snouts edged with teeth.
sellback: The act of selling something back to the seller.
seladang: The Malayan gaur.
secesher: A secessionist.
seawoman: A female sailor; a woman who serves on a ship at sea.
sheygets: Alternative form of shegetz
shadkhan: Alternative form of shadchen
warragul: Alternative form of warrigal
shackler: One who shackles.
shackler: A person who couples wagons together.
servibar: A minibar.
shiddukh: Alternative spelling of shidduch
veiltail: A variety of goldfish with a long, flowing double tail and high sail-like dorsal fin.
warragle: Alternative form of warrigal
sitzbath: Alternative form of sitz bath
unhairer: A person employed to remove the hair from animal skins.
turntail: One who turns tail, or flees in cowardice.
trotcosy: Alternative form of trotcozy
trotcozy: A covering to keep the neck and head warm when travelling, drawn over the head and hat, and buttoned under the chin.
zevatron: A hypothetical source of extreme-energy cosmic rays (EECR), capable of accelerating particles to 1 ZeV (zetta-electronvolt).
tabooley: Alternative spelling of tabbouleh
tabachir: Alternative form of tabasheer
tabboleh: Alternative spelling of tabbouleh
tabashir: Alternative form of tabasheer
tapaculo: Any of a family (Rhinocryptidae) of small suboscine passeriform birds found mainly in South America.
takamaka: The tropical flowering plant Calophyllum tacamahaca.
subcause: A cause forming part of a larger cause.
subclaim: A claim forming part of a larger claim.
cinegoer: A cinemagoer.
solonets: Alternative form of solonetz
sockette: A very short sock that does not extend above the foot.
snowbush: Breynia disticha, a plant in the family Phyllanthaceae.
stowable: Something that can be stowed away, such as luggage.
quandang: Alternative form of quandong
putchock: Alternative form of pachak
paysheet: A document indicating the amount of money to be paid to an employee.
snippage: something that has been snipped away
snippage: removal of the irrelevant parts of quotations in the reply message
Teresian: A member of the Catholic order of Discalced Carmelites.
zoothome: A number of coral polyps on a branch of coral.
wreather: One who prepares wreaths of flowers.
woomerah: Alternative form of woomera
plainful: As much as a plain contains.
dhunchee: Alternative form of dhaincha
e-filing: The use of computer technology to file documents (in a legal case, a patent application, etc.).
ghittern: Alternative spelling of gittern
shitgaze: A genre of rock music with very heavy distortion and lo-fi recording.
pilotess: A female pilot.
pervette: A female pervert.
aquafaba: The liquid left over from boiling chickpeas or similar beans, or from a can of chickpeas.
Trumpism: A characteristic phrase or statement made by Donald Trump.
Hanakian: A person from Haná.
melktert: A South African dessert consisting of a creamy milk-based filling in a sweet pastry crust.
babeldom: Alternative form of Babeldom
balatron: A buffoon; one who speaks a lot of nonsense and is characterized by self-indulgence.
Babeldom: A confused mix of voices, languages, or words and ideas.
Babeldom: A state of noisy confusion and chaotic activity
Babeldom: A multiplicity of mutually unintelligible languages.
hexcraft: The practice, art, or skill of casting hexes and spells; sorcery; witchcraft
methhead: A person who is a routine user of methamphetamines.
Senonian: The final part of the Cretaceous epoch, comprising the Coniacian, Santonian, Campanian and possibly the Maastrichtian ages
mudspate: Synonym of mudflow
Adamsite: A supporter of John Quincy Adams (1767–1848), American statesman who served as the sixth president of the United States from 1825 to 1829.
aglossia: The absence of a tongue.
fiveleaf: Cinquefoil.
beatsman: A policeman who walks the beat.
arrivism: Alternative form of arrivisme
arapunga: Alternative form of araponga
assorter: One who assorts, or arranges by class or category.
gomushta: Alternative form of gomashta
gumashta: Alternative form of gomashta
baaskaap: Alternative form of baasskap
araponga: Synonym of bare-throated bellbird (Procnias nudicollis)
bathcube: Alternative form of bath cube
bayadeer: Archaic form of bayadère.
bejabers: Alternative form of bejabbers
biscacha: Rare form of viscacha.
betaware: A beta version of software.
blurbist: A writer of blurbs.
bijwoner: A member of a class of poor white people who were permitted to inhabit shanties on the property of well-to-do Boers in return for semifeudal payments.
buckayro: Obsolete form of buckaroo.
bizcacha: Rare form of viscacha.
bousouki: Alternative form of bouzouki
bullyism: The swaggering, domineering behaviour of a bully.
blanquet: Obsolete spelling of blanquette
bergenia: Any of the genus Bergenia of flowering plants in the family Saxifragaceae.
newstalk: A television or radio programme in which host conversation with guests or audience members is mixed with news programming.
old rose: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see old, rose.
old rose: A rose belonging to any of the classes of cultivated roses in existence before the hybrid tea roses were developed.
whipbird: Any of various Australian songbirds in the genus Psophodes.
meninist: An advocate of meninism.
isocoria: The condition of having the pupils of both eyes the same size
Harappan: A native or inhabitant of Harappa.
bierstub: A cafe, restaurant or bar in Alsace that specialises in beer.
kobresia: Any member of the genus Kobresia of plants in the sedge family.
bounteth: Alternative form of bountith
bountith: A bonus payment made by an employer to a servant.
sailroom: A room on a ship for the storage of sails.
palmilla: Synonym of sacahuista
shammash: Alternative form of shamash
sidalcea: Any of the genus Sidalcea of checkerblooms or checkermallows.
scrapman: A scrap dealer.
thugness: The state, quality, or condition of a thug
instamom: Alternative form of insta-mom
instadad: Alternative form of insta-dad
bobskate: strap-on ice skate attachments for boots, with side-by-side parallel runners attached to fore-and-aft plates allowing for adjustable spacing between the forward and rearward skate blade pairs for each boot
sasswood: Alternative form of sassywood.
gravette: A prehistoric flint blade
bethroot: Alternative form of birthroot
nanocode: The microcode used in a nanoprocessor
ideahood: The property or state of being an idea.
thrackle: An embedding of a graph in the plane, such that each edge is a Jordan arc and every pair of edges meet once.
madwomyn: Feminist spelling of madwoman
partydom: The world of parties; partying; revelry
fritware: Pottery in which frit is added to clay to reduce its fusion temperature.
fritware: A combination of clay and frit used to create fritware.
webfolio: An e-portfolio published on the World Wide Web.
saleyard: A yard where livestock is sold.
sapiency: Synonym of sapience
scantity: The quality of being scant or sparse.
sahookar: Archaic form of sahukar.
sandburr: Alternative form of sandbur
septleva: In the game of faro, the situation where a player gains seven times the number he or she laid down.
serfship: The role or status of a serf.
serfhood: The role or status of a serf.
sautoire: A heavy skillet with straight sides, used for sautéing food.
sautoire: Misspelling of sautoir.
sestette: Archaic form of sestet.
bum burp: Synonym of bottom burp
bankline: A heavy fishing line that can be left unattended to catch fish, having one end on the bank and the other anchored underwater.
bossling: A diminutive, subordinate, or petty boss
fakemail: Email whose sender or other information has been faked.
silktail: Lamprolia victoriae, a bird endemic to Fiji, closely related to the fantails.
soochong: Archaic form of souchong.
facelick: A lick applied to a face.
velology: The hobby of collecting vehicle tax discs.
tax disc: A circular piece of paper, designed to be fixed to the inside of a windscreen, that serves as a record that a vehicle has been properly taxed (no longer used)
transgal: A young transwoman.
transboy: A transgender boy.
Minskian: Alternative form of Minskyan.
copyline: A slogan produced by a copywriter; a brief quote used in advertising or on posters.
Minskyan: A proponent of the economic theories of Hyman Minsky.
subcurve: A curve forming part of another curve.
cardware: Synonym of postcardware
cardware: The software and hardware supporting a smart card system.
muscadin: dandy, coxcomb
gabagool: capicola
e-thesis: An academic thesis published on the Internet.
andative: A grammatical word, particle, or inflection that indicates motion away from something; or, the indication so provided.
dewshine: The shining of the dew.
dewshine: An often lethal drink, a mixture of Mountain Dew and racing fuel that is almost 100% methanol.
alcatras: Any of various large ocean birds, such as the pelican, gannet, frigatebird, or albatross.
kinoform: A type of converging lens that can efficiently focus X-ray radiation.
neopedon: A newly-formed body of soil.
mujerado: Among Puebloan peoples, a man who was notionally transformed into a woman and took the passive role in homosexual orgies.
linklist: A list of hyperlinks.
minikini: A very skimpy bikini.
bodihood: Alternative form of bodyhood
Armenoid: A member of a subtype of the Caucasian race, similar to the Dinaric and Mediterranid but with slightly darker pigmentation, found mainly in the northern part of Western Asia.
Polonian: A person from Poland.
boy-girl: Someone who has characteristics of both boys and girls; someone young and androgynous.
bodyhood: The state or condition of a body (literal and figurative)
bodyship: The quality, condition, form, structure, or makeup of a body (all senses); corpus; embodiment; anatomy
manequin: Dated form of mannequin.
genarian: An elderly person, especially one over the age of 60.
fuckmeat: human beings regarded as objects for sexual intercourse
fuckmeat: penis
foodplay: The use of foods during sexual or erotic activity.
hazwaste: hazardous waste
haftorah: Alternative form of Haftarah
hackbush: Obsolete form of arquebus.
haphtara: Alternative form of Haftarah
hashmark: Alternative form of hash mark
haulyard: Alternative spelling of halyard
syssitia: In Ancient Greece, a common meal shared by men and youths in social or religious groups.
hielaman: An Australian Aboriginal shield, traditionally made from bark or wood.
umbalite: A variety of garnet consisting of a mixture of pyrope, almandine, and spessartine, having the chemical formula Mg₃Al₂(SiO₄)₃-Mn²⁺₃Al₂(SiO₄)₃, exclusively found in the alluvial deposits of the River Umba, and having a light-pink to purple colour.
umbalite: A gemstone consisting of the mineral umbalite.
hydroski: A ski allowing a seaplane to land on water.
oomycide: Any substance that kills oomycetes.
horsepox: A disease of horses caused by an orthopoxvirus.
hairwork: Jewellery made from human hair.
hairwork: The process of making jewellery from human hair.
Trumpist: An admirer or fan of Donald Trump.
Trumpist: A person exhibiting characteristics of Trumpism.
bioanode: A biological or biochemical anode
aversity: The state or condition of being averse.
fruitery: A place where fruit is stored.
digizine: A magazine published in an electronic format; an e-zine.
Galoshin: A mummer or guiser who performs in a midwinter Mummers play.
coinmate: A fellow inmate.
tea card: A collectible card, like a cigarette card, but distributed in packs of tea.
carjacou: The whitetail.
cariacou: carjacou; whitetail
sick bay: A room in an institution, or compartment on a vessel, where basic medical supplies are kept and medical attention can be sought.
awryness: The state of being awry.
cracklet: A little crack.
cracklet: A young cracker (white person).
dinuguan: A savoury Filipino stew of meat and/or offal simmered in a gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili and vinegar.
chil'ren: Pronunciation spelling of children.
assmouth: A term of abuse.
outerweb: (of a plumage) an outer web
innerweb: (of a plumage) an inner web
pwincess: Pronunciation spelling of princess.
gym shoe: running shoe, trainer.
gym shoe: Canvas shoe with a pliable rubber sole, used especially by children.
gun deck: The deck on an armed ship (man-of-war) on which the guns are placed.
vierling: A long firearm with four barrels (typically two shotgun barrels and two rifle barrels).
clubling: One who frequents or belongs to a club; club attender or member
odalique: Archaic form of odalisque.
kachahri: Alternative form of kachcheri
Frencher: A French person.
pirlicue: A summary, given at the end of an address or sermon, repeating its main points.
scheisse: Euphemistic form of shit.
box coat: A heavy overcoat worn by coachmen riding on the box seat.
do-si-do: Alternative form of dos a dos
grasshop: grasshopper
granddam: Alternative form of grandam
grandsir: Alternative form of grandsire
greenbug: The wheat aphid (Schizaphis graminum).
groupism: The habit or policy of associating in groups or cliques.
tiltwing: A kind of aircraft featuring a wing that is horizontal for conventional forward flight and rotates up for vertical takeoff and landing.
hei-tiki: An ornamental greenstone pendant among the Māori, worn around the neck.
gyrodyne: A kind of VTOL aircraft with a helicopter rotor-like system driven by its engine for takeoff and landing, as well as one or more conventional propellers to provide forward thrust during cruising flight
horotely: Evolution of an organism at a normal rate.
chapette: A female chap; a woman.
chapette: A cover to protect horse riding boots.
grillery: A restaurant serving grilled food.
nerdwear: Synonym of geekwear
lacewear: Clothing made of lace.
mid-dots: Alternative form of middots
iniparib: The chemical compound 4-iodo-3-nitrobenzamide, once proposed as a drug for cancer treatment.
handgift: A gift given directly (i.e. by hand), usually to a newly wedded couple; a wedding gift
tin-foil: Alternative form of tinfoil (especially when used attributively)
lieu-dit: In France, the smallest piece of land which has a traditional vineyard name assigned to it.
cryoburn: A burn to the skin caused by contact with an extremely cold surface.
ixoderin: Any of a class of proteins found in ticks of the genus Ixodes.
ambulism: A disorder involving walking.
pricklet: A small prickle.
Lebanism: A custom peculiar to Lebanon.
missight: Sight proved to be wrong; an instance of seeing something that turned out to be something else or nothing at all.
drughead: A drug addict.
superkid: A child of remarkable talents or abilities.
fuckslut: A sexually promiscuous person; usually a woman.
pot hole: Alternative form of pothole
washugyu: Wagyu cattle crossbred with Black Angus to make them hardier.
bedecker: One who bedecks or adorns.
hydrocar: A hydrogen-powered automobile.
facewipe: A moist towelette for cleaning the face.
handwipe: A moist towelette for cleaning the hands.
nimbyist: Synonym of nimby
fauxcest: Incest pornography wherein the actors are not actually related, but are merely engaging in roleplay.
heralder: One who heralds something.
couchful: Enough to fill a couch.
drabware: A form of unglazed pottery made from drab-coloured clay.
sophisto: A trendy, sophisticated person; a hipster.
agrichar: Biochar produced by a slow pyrolysis process.
brushful: A sufficient quantity to fill the bristles of a brush.
plotwork: The workings of the plot of a literary work.
stayaway: A political protest in which participants do not attend their place of work.
stayaway: One who does not attend something, such as a sports match.
cerinthe: Any member of the genus Cerinthe of vascular plants in the family Boraginaceae.
throater: Someone who cuts open the throat and belly of a fish.
therapee: One who undergoes therapy; the patient of a therapist.
muhammar: A traditional dish from Bahrain, consisting of rice seasoned with spices and date molasses.
muhammar: Synonym of musakhan (“roast chicken dish”)
dreampop: Alternative form of dream pop
bootstep: A footstep taken while wearing boots.
gopchang: A Korean dish of grilled intestines of cattle or pork.
midclick: A point in time when the user is clicking something.
gutbread: The pancreas, especially the pancreas of livestock used as food.
poethood: The property of being a poet.
poetette: A young or insignificant poet, usually female.
bee hoon: Rice vermicelli, rice noodles.
fuck-ese: Obscene language.
televote: A vote operated by means of televoting.
wing-nut: Alternative form of wing nut
fancasts: Alternative spelling of fan casts
atabaque: A tall Afro-Brazilian hand drum, traditionally having its shell made of jacaranda wood.
squadrol: A squad car that also serves as an ambulance.
pediocin: Any of a class of bacteriocin from bacteria of the genus Pediococcus
peckhorn: An alto horn or mellophone.
subscene: A scene making up part of a larger scene.
pondness: The quality of being a pond.
lakefill: Land reclaimed from a lake by filling it.
poleboat: A barge; a kind of boat propelled by the use of a pole.
albizzia: Any of a number of trees and shrubs considered either now or formerly to belong to the genus Albizia.
idiotese: A form of language simplified to the point where even an idiot can understand it.
selflove: Alternative form of self-love
TV stand: A stand used to attach a television to a wall.
usership: The role or status of being a user.
usership: Users collectively; a userbase.
epivalve: The apical (top) valve of a diatom
headpole: The broad end of a lanceolate diatom.
footpole: The narrow end of a lanceolate diatom
paste-up: Alternative form of pasteup
titterer: One who titters, or giggles furtively.
revenewe: Obsolete form of revenue.
tokology: Alternative form of tocology
toe sack: Alternative form of towsack
toboggin: Dated form of toboggan.
tritonal: A mixture of 80% TNT and 20% aluminium powder, used in several types of ordnance.
twitchet: The vulva or vagina.
absconce: A dark lantern used in church to read prayers etc during a service.
dry wash: A dry riverbed.
trisikad: A pedicab.
vizirate: Alternative form of vizierate
charitie: Archaic spelling of charity.
home set: Alternative form of homeset
city bus: A bus that carries people across a city.
outering: An externalization or outer projection, such as an external technology that extends the natural reach of something.
airflare: In breakdancing, an acrobatic maneuver in which the performer, standing on his or her hands, rotates the torso around the vertical axis of the body (extending from the head down vertically) while travelling in a circular path along a plane parallel to the floor.
relievio: Alternative form of ringolevio
unreeler: A device for unreeling something, such as a cable.
thornery: A plantation of thorny plants.
unroller: A person or machine that unrolls something.
Weed Day: April 20th of any year, regarded informally as a time to celebrate marijuana consumption.
home-set: Alternative form of homeset
home-set: Type specific to a publisher
home-set: Alternative form of homeset
home-set: Device for home entertainment
home-set: A perm that is applied at home, rather than in a beauty salon.
depozone: One of the portions of a foreland basin where extensive deposition can occur.
aneusomy: The condition of having aneusomaty
tumoroid: An aggregate of cancer cells formed in vitro
kulonate: Any salt or ester of kulonic acid
wombling: An unborn or recently born child; fetus.
U-turner: A person or vehicle that performs a U-turn.
U-turner: Someone who shifts from a previously held opinion or decision to its opposite.
Negrillo: An African Pygmy.
hot yoga: Yoga exercises performed under hot and humid conditions.
tailhole: The anus of an animal, below its tail.
plinther: Any of numerous members of the public who took turns to occupy the fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square as part of an art installation by Antony Gormley in 2009.
kataribe: A Japanese storyteller or narrator
leupaxin: A particular protein that is preferentially expressed in hematopoietic cells and is most homologous to the focal adhesion protein paxillin.
hemiarch: Either half of an arch
macassar: A form of ebony from the tree Diospyros celebica
triple A: Alternative form of AAA
triple A: Abbreviation of anti-aircraft artillery.
triple A: Alternative form of AAA
triple A: high(est) quality rating of product
triple A: Alternative form of AAA
triple A: A level of sporting expertise for rating leagues, the level just below super or elite or major leagues; the highest level of minor league
porntoon: A pornographic cartoon.
pink tax: The relative increase in price paid for women's consumer items compared to similar products marketed to men.
co-owner: Someone who owns something together with one or more other people.
ulcering: The formation of ulcers.
upheaver: One who upheaves.
usquabae: Alternative form of usquebae
usquebae: whisky
jampanee: Dated form of jampani.
kipperer: One who kippers fish.
itchweed: Veratrum viride, a toxic North American plant.
chunklet: A small chunk
chunklet: A group of data points belonging to the same constraint cluster.
cephalea: headache
firemark: Alternative form of fire mark
flannell: Obsolete form of flannel.
kolbassi: Rare form of kielbasa.
monoplex: Synonym of simplex
fivepins: The game of fivepin bowling.
fogfruit: Any of various plants of the genus Phyla in the verbena family Verbenaceae.
foulmart: Alternative form of foumart
furrower: A tool for creating furrows in the ground.
furrower: One who furrows something, such as the brow.
bogosort: An intentionally poor sorting algorithm that operates by randomly permuting the elements repeatedly until they happen to fall into the correct order.
funkhole: A foxhole.
ovenwood: wood used to light an oven
treadler: One who operates a treadle.
tefillah: Alternative form of tefilla
tolldish: A vessel for measuring the toll of corn for grinding.
telesale: A sale made through telemarketing.
omniarch: A ruler of the world or everything.
porkwood: The wood of the spekboom tree (Portulacaria afra).
occutard: A protester in the Occupy Wall Street protest movement.
midshock: The midpoint or any intervening point during the process of shock
veganite: A vegan.
tsymbaly: The Ukrainian version of the hammered dulcimer.
trisetum: Any of various grasses of the genus Trisetum.
genipapo: Alternative form of genipap
Magonian: One who comes from the mythological realm of Magonia.
colchica: dogbane
dhampire: Alternative form of dhampir
pastebin: A website allowing users to store plain text, so that they can refer to it with a simple hyperlink rather than having to paste the entire text elsewhere.
hot talk: A talk radio format aimed predominantly at men and dealing with pop culture topics rather than politics.
expectee: One from whom something is expected.
dago red: Cheap, inferior red wine.
cardplay: The playing of card games.
decarchy: A government of ten people, especially (historical) various Greek councils of ten men
hexarchy: A group of six states.
fog bank: alternative form of fogbank
feelness: The state, condition, or quality of feeling; perception; sensitivity
karatist: One who practices karate.
prevenge: The act of taking, or an action taken against someone or something, ostensibly in retaliation for another act that has not yet been committed; pre-emptive action characterized as revenge.
old shoe: Something or someone that is comfortably familiar.
brivanib: An investigational antitumorigenic drug for oral administration.
priapist: An individual that has a persistent or near-persistent erection.
wormlion: The larva of a vermileonid.
giftcard: Alternative form of gift card
politard: An ignorant person who discusses politics.
politard: An ignorant or stupid politician or public political commentator.
innernet: The mechanism of spiritual or intuitive insight or connectedness.
innernet: Pronunciation spelling of internet.
innernet: Wearable or implanted computer technology that forms a direct connection to one or more bodily functions.
innernet: A localized or personal computer network such as an intranet or customized channel.
enemedia: Political propaganda veiled as facts that conflate, obfuscate, and oppose any and all centrist or conservative political positions.
bleisure: Travel or another activity that combines business and leisure.
scurrick: Any small coin.
brush-up: A slight correction or modification.
brush-up: A review of a topic to be learned.
chefling: A young, little, or subordinate chef
subabbot: an abbot with another abbot as their superior
cantress: A female cantor.
Acroyoga: A physical practice that combines yoga and acrobatics.
babiness: Alternative spelling of babyness
regulant: That which regulates; a regulator.
plumbata: A lead-weighted dart, used by soldiers in Antiquity and the Middle Ages.
true yam: Any plant in the genus Dioscorea, or its tubers, so called to distinguish them from the sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas) varieties known as yams in the US, and from the New Zealand yam, Oxalis tuberosa .
half gyp: A move in contra dancing related to the gypsy.
half gip: Alternative form of half gyp
half-gip: Alternative form of half gyp
half-gyp: Alternative form of half gyp
bad sign: An action or thing that suggests something is wrong.
bad sign: An unlucky star sign.
reseizer: One who reseizes.
parabaik: The traditional form of paper in Burma, made of daphne bark agglutinated into a kind of pasteboard and blackened with charcoal paste, then folded and written on with a steatite pencil.
parabaik: A document or drawing executed on this kind of paper.
parabeik: Alternative form of parabaik
gallabia: Alternative form of djellaba
jalabiya: Alternative form of djellaba
gallabea: Alternative form of djellaba
wikiness: The property of being a wiki, i.e. a collaborative website with built-in editing facilities.
Wodenism: Alternative form of Odinism, especially related to Anglo-Saxon neopaganism.
larrykin: Alternative form of larrikin
Plataean: Someone from Plataea.
wood-rot: Alternative form of woodrot
Dominoid: An employee of Domino's Pizza.
idioglot: An idioglot instrument.
idioglot: A person who speaks an idiolect.
biopsych: biopsychology
chanpuru: An Okinawan stir-fry dish, generally of tofu combined with a vegetable, meat, or fish.
biowoman: A cisgender woman.
Dacology: The study of Ancient Dacia and its culture and antiquities.
mak nyah: A trans woman.
japanzee: Obsolete form of chimpanzee.
clavilux: A mechanical device for projecting lumia (an art form consisting of light patterns).
chimpout: An aggressive or violent outburst by a black person.
mic drop: An instance of dropping the mic.
floorpan: A large sheet-metal stamping, often incorporating smaller welded stampings, that forms the floor of a large vehicle and the position of its external and structural panels.
mishmosh: Alternative form of mishmash
Billiken: A rotund charm doll originally patented in 1908 by American art teacher and illustrator, Florence Pretz of Kansas City, Missouri and representing "The God of Things As They Ought to Be".
lackland: A person who does not own land.
billiken: Alternative form of Billiken
bibundle: A generalized bundle in a Lie group
pet coke: Clipping of petroleum coke.
yam cake: Taro cake.
Byronism: Admiration or emulation of the poet Lord Byron.
fucklord: Term of abuse
ketolase: Any enzyme that cleaves carbohydratea at the ketone (carbonyl) position
lamphole: A vertical shaft down which a lamp may be lowered to inspect a sewer
oncotype: Any specific type of cancer, characterised by a specific test
portsill: A horizontal wooden member that forms the sill of a gunport.
BTO flat: A build-to-order apartment under a scheme of the Singapore government, built according to demand determined by the number of applicants and their down-payment.
ideocrat: A proponent of ideocracy.
quadtone: An interval of four whole tones.
quadtone: A picture printed in four shades.
fuckball: Term of abuse
Valsalva: Ellipsis of Valsalva device.
Valsalva: Ellipsis of Valsalva maneuver.
Yakutian: A member of the Yakut people of Siberia.
eyecatch: A scene or illustration used to begin and end a commercial break in a Japanese television program.
waglerin: Any of a group of peptides found in the venom of the snake Tropidolaemus wagleri.
deontics: The field of philosophical logic that is concerned with obligation, permission, and related concepts.
anordrin: A synthetic steroidal estrogen used as a postcoital contraceptive.
estrobin: α,α-di(p-ethoxyphenyl)-β-phenylbromoethylene, a synthetic non-steroidal estrogen of the triphenylethylene group.
cavemate: One who shares the same cave.
Triscuit: A kind of wholewheat cracker.
term out: The transfer of debt within a company's balance sheet without acquiring new debt often through the capitalization of short-term to long-term debt.
term out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see term, out.
Snapchat: A user account on Snapchat.
Snapchat: A snap, a visual message sent through the Snapchat application.
slipslop: Nonsense; gibberish; twaddle.
slipslop: Poor writing; text that is imprecise, weak, or overly informal.
slipslop: A quantity of worthless things; mess.
slipslop: Watery food or drink that is of inferior quality.
slipslop: A splashing, sloshing, or slapping sound.
red mead: A form of mead made with red currants.
braggett: Alternative form of bragget (“drink made with ale and honey”)
brackett: Alternative form of bragget (“drink made with ale and honey”)
rhodomel: A form of mead made with rosehips, rose petals, or rose attar.
bootcamp: Alternative form of boot camp
butylone: β-keto-N-methylbenzodioxolylbutanamine, an entactogen, psychedelic, and stimulant of the phenethylamine class.
escaline: 3,5-methoxy-4-ethoxyphenethylamine, a psychedelic drug and entheogen of the phenethylamine class.
ethylone: 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-ethylcathinone, a recreational designer drug classified as an entactogen, stimulant, and psychedelic.
dysergia: uncoordinated movement
ribspare: Sparerib.
Buharism: The political ideology of Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari.
bullfuck: Nonsense; bullshit.
raw data: Data that have not been analyzed or processed.
shitbowl: Alternative form of shit bowl.
pinchbar: A crowbar (the tool).
boghouse: An outhouse: an outbuilding used as a lavatory.
bombsies: In children's games of marbles, the mode of play where one player attempts to drop a marble from above in order to hit a marble on the ground.
sun gear: The central gear wheel of an epicyclic gear train; the central gear in planetary gear box, which spins the planet gears
hornball: A person who is often, or easily, sexually aroused.
thinglet: A little thing.
mistaste: A wrong, bad, or illicit taste
mistaste: An error; mistake
salicide: A compound of salicin e.g. salicide of potassium, hydrogen salicide
salicide: An electrical contact made from a silicide whose formation does not require lithographic patterning processes, i.e. it is "self-aligned"
bassetta: Alternative form of basset (“card game”)
pejorism: The belief that the world is becoming worse.
disc rot: The process by which optical discs become unreadable due to physical or chemical deterioration.
aero bar: An extension of a bicycle's handlebars, allowing the rider to rest his/her elbows and benefit from improved aerodynamics.
dunnakin: Alternative form of dunnekin (“outhouse”)
dunniken: Alternative form of dunnekin: an outhouse.
dunnyken: Alternative form of dunnekin: an outhouse.
JAR hell: (of the Java language) Problems caused by incompatible versions of a JAR (Java archive).
minifier: A program that minifies, or removes unnecessary characters to make a document smaller.
Blenheim: A colour variation of two toy spaniel breeds, chestnut brown with pearl white markings.
carinula: A small carina
Paludian: A member of any of various schools in Slough, Berkshire, England.
ghostess: A female ghost.
red pill: Something that enables or compels a person to overcome illusion and perceive harsher reality.
red pill: Something that causes someone to believe in gynocentrism in modern society.
red pill: The subculture of men who share a belief in the gynocentrism of modern society; manosphere.
red pill: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see red, pill.
biweight: Any of various weighted means
Bushtard: A supporter of George W. Bush.
icewater: Alternative form of ice water
rest day: A day spent resting from work or any other activity.
rebinder: One who or that which rebinds.
holobook: A holographic entertainment akin to a book.
echoback: A test where data is transmitted from one system to another system and back again.
iodobead: A small polystyrene ball, coated with an oxidizing agent, that is used to catalyze iodination reactions, typically in order to incorporate iodine-125
pilicock: Alternative form of pillicock: a penis; affectionate term for a young boy.
throwbox: A stationary access point used to forward data in a delay-tolerant network.
sun disc: A disc symbolizing the sun, especially as used as religious symbol in ancient Egypt.
dillhole: Term of abuse.
Ubuntero: A user of the Ubuntu operating system.
hackfest: Synonym of hackathon
arm hole: Alternative form of armhole.
mesocoxa: The coxa of a midleg
raveller: Alternative form of raveler
testical: Misspelling of testicle.
chavness: Synonym of chavviness
virokine: Any of a group of proteins, similar to cytokines, that are produced by the action of some DNA viruses
buttslut: Somebody who frequently craves anal sex.
cuntslut: A promiscuous woman.
Brosette: A female fan of Bros, a British boy band active in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
gong-pit: Alternative form of gongpit: a cesspit; a latrine; an outhouse.
kinohapt: An esthesiometer for applying several stimuli to the skin with controlled timing and pressure.
alkalide: A chemical compound in which alkali metals are anions (i.e. they bear a negative charge).
glabrene: An isoflavene and xenoestrogen found in liquorice root.
rubidide: An alkalide with rubidium as the anion.
femicunt: Rare form of femcunt.
alphenal: 5-allyl-5-phenylbarbituric acid, a barbiturate derivative formerly used to treat epilepsy and convulsions.
dustoory: Alternative form of dasturi
unbinder: That which unbinds.
desilter: A piece of equipment used in the petroleum industry to remove silt from the drilling fluid.
marilith: A powerful female demon with six arms and the lower body of a snake.
pagatpat: Sonneratia alba, a mangrove tree in the family Lythraceae.
lasercom: Communications by means of laser light.
wordline: An array of rows of memory cells in random access memory, used with the bitline to generate the address of each cell.
coliving: Living together in the same residence; cohabitation.
softplus: A smooth approximation to the rectifier in neural networks; it is the analytic function f(x)= ln (1+eˣ).
charmlet: A little charm or amulet.
charmlet: A charm quark or matter composed of charm quarks.
fireland: Land that has been degraded by fires.
dockleaf: Alternative form of dock leaf
koronion: Alternative form of coronion
coronion: The tip of the coronoid process of the mandible.
catylist: Misspelling of catalyst.
highwall: The unexcavated face of exposed overburden and coal in a surface mine.
sea load: The weight of the payload on a vessel.
sea load: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see sea, load.
vlei rat: Any of various groove-toothed rats of the genus Otomys, found in sub-Saharan Africa.
aurapten: Alternative form of auraptene
illeagle: Misspelling of illegal.
hydrobot: An autonomous underwater vehicle for use in space exploration.
rodmeter: A blade that extends into the water under the hull of a vessel, used in measuring the vessel's speed.
corrgram: A colour-mapped matrix of correlation strengths in multivariate analysis.
woodnote: A natural musical sound, like birdsong in a forest.
agentess: A female agent.
non-unit: Alternative form of nonunit
factress: A female factor.
fermenty: Alternative form of frumenty
Gatorade: A sports drink sold by The Gatorade Company.
Gatorade: Any sports drink.
scamware: Software that fraudulently fails to do what it is claimed to do.
bow wave: The wave that forms at the bow of a ship as it moves through the water, and defines the outer limits of the ship's wake.
faithing: worship, practising faith
farthole: The anus.
cumacean: Any crustacean of the order Cumacea
cnidicin: A coumarin, 4,9-bis[(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)oxy]-7H-furo[3,2-g]chromen-7-one, extracted from the root of Angelica koreana
cnidilin: A coumarin, 9-methoxy-4-[(3-methyl-2-buten-1-yl)oxy]-7H-furo[3,2-g][1]benzopyran-7-one, that is a bioactive constituent of Angelicae dahuricae
shitheap: A worthless place, thing, or person.
KTV girl: An attractive young woman employed by a KTV bar to serve drinks and snacks and to sing along with male patrons.
Tortolan: A native or inhabitant of Tortola.
kathisma: A division of the psalter, used by Eastern Orthodox Christians and Eastern Catholics who follow the Byzantine Rite.
kathisma: A troparion, or hymn, chanted at matins after each such division of the psalter.
kathisma: A hinged seat used in monastic churches, having a full back attached to the wall.
webstore: A sales outlet which supplies goods or services over the World Wide Web.
Pharm.D.: Doctor of Pharmacy
pottress: Alternative form of potteress
hot link: A spicy, heavily-peppered sausage.
bob wire: Nonstandard form of barbed wire.
toychest: A chest for storing toys.
nameplay: A play on words involving the name of a person or thing.
requench: A second or subsequent quench.
acathist: Alternative form of akathist
passwall: A magic spell allowing a person to travel through solid material.
akathist: A hymn dedicated to a saint, holy event, or person of the Holy Trinity, in Eastern Christian traditions.
snakey B: Synonym of snakebite and black.
mimolect: A xenolect that has become separated from its matrilect both geographically and communicatively.
xenolect: A language variety that bears a superficial resemblance to another larger language, but which differs at a fundamental structural level.
paralect: An idiolect that closely approximates the dominant or most prestigious language form, but differs slightly, reflecting the speaker's original dialect, especially as regards to accent.
exatecan: An analogue of camptothecin
gymnocin: Any of a group of cytotoxic cyclic ethers found in dinoflagellates of the genus Gymnodinium
gluehead: One who inhales the fumes from solvent glue as a recreational drug.
pestamal: Alternative form of peshtemal
pestemal: Alternative form of peshtemal
fudanshi: A male fan of yaoi.
boat boy: A male boat bearer.
ndombolo: A fast-paced Congolese music and dance style.
lazybutt: A lazy person.
P.C.A.T.: Alternative form of PCAT
ecospace: The graphical representation of the various ecological modes of life that an organism does or can occupy.
ecospace: The ecological space that an organism occupies as part of its habitat.
passéist: A person having an excessive regard for the past.
pre-flop: The period before the flop, particularly when players already have their hole cards.
snogaine: A form of rogaining held in a snowy environment, with participants allowed to use skis or snowshoes.
vengence: Misspelling of vengeance.
feedzone: Alternative form of feed zone
haramaki: A piece of armor worn over the torso by samurai infantry, fastened by cords in the back.
haramaki: A bellyband: a band of cloth worn around the abdomen to preserve stomach qi and boost circulation.
puncheur: A rider who specializes in rolling terrain with short but steep climbs.
patotara: Leucopogon fraseri, a small prickly shrub of New Zealand and eastern Australia.
mudcloth: Synonym of bogolan
knotroot: Collinsonia canadensis, a perennial medicinal herb in the mint family, Lamiaceae.
knotroot: Stachys affinis, a perennial herbaceous plant, also in the mint family.
carnaper: Alternative form of carnapper
bulimiac: Alternative form of bulimic
chapatty: Archaic spelling of chapatti.
canvaser: Alternative form of canvasser
choochoo: Alternative form of choo-choo
chromide: Any of various cichlid fishes found in Asia.
choreman: A man employed to carry out chores.
coalyard: A yard where coal is stored.
Filipin@: A Filipino (“m”) or Filipina (“f”).
clubbism: clubmanship; cliquishness
cogniser: Alternative form of cognizer
canidate: Pronunciation spelling of candidate.
cotenure: joint tenure
muskelin: An intracellular protein that acts as a mediator of cell spreading
anternet: The means by which ants communicate with each other, analogous to the TCP/IP algorithm that the internet uses to control the flow of data.
soul tie: A metaphysical connection between an individual and someone or something else, formed by being extremely close to them.
fucknose: A term of abuse.
noctuoid: Any moth of the superfamily Noctuoidea
Cheskian: Czech
wedlease: A temporary marriage based on a contract, agreed to by both spouses, with renewal options.
statosis: Misspelling of steatosis.
floorman: One who works on the shop floor of a retail establishment.
floorman: A casino employee who oversees the gambling activity, settling disputes and so on.
floorman: A bookmaker's assistant.
iodinase: Synonym of thyroperoxidase
censoree: One who is censored.
appeasee: One who is appeased.
need-not: Something that is not needed or is excessive.
imitatee: One that is imitated
apologee: One that receives an apology
azeusist: A person who does not believe in Zeus.
restager: One who restages a dramatic work.
topocyte: A place cell.
staphyle: The uvula of the soft palate.
greylead: A lead pencil.
case mod: A modification to the outer case of a computer or video game console, to change its appearance or improve its performance.
warnerin: A particular bacteriocin produced by Staphylococcus warneri.
blackgin: An Aboriginal woman.
blackgin: The plant Kingia australis.
pity pie: An imaginary pie said to be consumed by a person who is self-pitying or being pitied.
Antarian: Alternative form of Antarean
Antarean: A native or inhabitant of Antares.
legicide: The overturning or destruction of a law, or (Judaism) of the law as set out in the Torah.
Gandhism: The philosophy and principles of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, encompassing the broad tenets of upholding truth, pacifism, and nonviolent activism; also rarely used for Gandhian economics.
Bevanism: The ideology of a faction of the Labour Party (UK) led by Aneurin Bevan.
Bevanite: A member of a faction of the Labour Party (UK) led by Aneurin Bevan.
Shar Pei: Alternative spelling of shar-pei
focalism: Synonym of anchoring
focalism: A revolutionary strategy which posited that military vanguardism could lead to general rebellion.
dryliner: A construction worker who does drylining.
Masorite: Synonym of Masorete
compuper: Informal form of computer.
elderate: The smallest administrative unit in Lithuania, equivalent to a ward.
Gandhist: A proponent of Gandhism.
quantale: A kind of partially ordered algebraic structure that generalizes locales (point free topologies) as well as various multiplicative lattices of ideals from ring theory and functional analysis.
posament: Alternative form of passement
baitshop: A shop that sells bait for anglers.
galabeah: Alternative form of djellaba
galabiah: Alternative form of djellaba
redialer: A device that forwards a dialed number to another destination.
jalabiah: Alternative form of djellaba
Dalmahoy: A kind of bushy bob wig, worn by tradesmen etc. in the 18th century.
owneress: A female owner.
santilmo: A floating flame or fire ball, similar to a will o' the wisp, that stalk or chase people at night, believed to be the ignited blood of a person who met a tragic death.
minirace: A short race (contest of speed).
marjaiya: The supreme religious body of ayatollahs in Shi'ism.
baklawah: Alternative form of baklava
txtspeak: Alternative form of textspeak
yield co: A company formed to own operating assets that produce a predictable cash flow, primarily through long-term contracts.
fly-wire: Alternative form of flywire
leafbase: The base of a leaf, where it joins the stem.
seedzone: A specific geographical area from which seeds are collected.
foot peg: Alternative form of footpeg
Tinderer: A user of Tinder, a dating application
bluestar: Any of the genus Amsonia of flowering plants in the dogbane family, found mainly in North America.
tracklet: A fragment of the track followed by a moving object, as constructed by an image recognition system.
ruleress: A female ruler.
maldanid: Any polychete worm of the family Maldanidae.
prodelta: The part of a river delta that is furthest offshore and in which deposition is slowest
darwaysh: Archaic form of dervish.
row-back: A backtrack or reversal of position; a U-turn.
bonerism: The state of having an erection.
duralium: Synonym of duralumin
tonkotsu: A Japanese broth made from pork marrow, typically served with ramen.
talkdown: Verbal assistance given by ground control to a person attempting to land an aircraft.
talkdown: an addressal given to calm someone down or discourage someone from doing something, especially committing suicide.
variacin: A particular bacteriocin, related to lacticin.
carnocin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Carnobacterium piscicola.
thuricin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis.
alveicin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Hafnia alvei.
subtilin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Bacillus subtilis.
pentocin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Lactobacillus pentosus.
lactocin: Any of a class of bacteriocins produced by Lactobacillus bacteria.
divercin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Carnobacterium divergens.
lacticin: A particular bacteriocin produced by the bacterium Lactococcus lactis.
highking: Alternative spelling of high king
parajump: A jump taken by a parachutist to launch into the air.
piratess: A female pirate.
shashlyk: Alternative spelling of shashlik
gunnybag: Alternative form of gunny-bag
eristavi: Georgian feudal office, roughly equivalent to the Byzantine strategos and normally translated into English as "duke"
loanback: A loan made from a pension or annuity to someone who has contributed money to that pension or annuity.
loanback: A loan from a trust fund to the grantor that created the fund.
nitrovin: A feed additive used as a growth stimulant for pigs.
hot mint: Vietnamese coriander (Persicaria odorata)
Wendsday: Obsolete spelling of Wednesday
scioness: A female scion; a female descendant or an heiress, especially of a wealthy or important family.
sh sound: A voiceless postalveolar fricative.
livecast: A webcast that is streamed live, often combined with an integrated chat forum for those watching.
jewlover: A supporter of the Jews.
subfovea: The area underneath a fovea
baldchin: The baldchin groper.
rosybill: The rosy-billed pochard, Netta peposaca.
sudadero: A saddle blanket.
ctenotus: Any skink of the genus Ctenotus.
nanobore: A nanoscale bore
hippuria: The presence of (excessive) hippuric acid in the urine, as sometimes occurs in diabetes mellitus
diddikai: Alternative form of didicoy
savagess: A female savage; a woman from an uncivilized society.
sakabula: A long-tailed widow bird (Euplectes progne), native to southern Africa
pump-car: Alternative form of pump car
hydrolox: A type of binary rocket fuel composed of liquid oxygen (lox) oxidizer and liquid hydrogen combustible.
gamogony: Synonym of gametogony
hyalitis: Inflammation of the hyaloid membrane.
pump car: A light railroad car propelled by a hand-operated pumping mechanism; a handcar.
pump car: A child's tricycle operated by similar action.
safe day: A day that is believed to be safe for having unprotected sex without resulting in pregnancy, based on the woman's menstrual cycle.
holodisc: Alternative form of holodisk
holotape: A tape used as a storage medium for holographic material.
man-cart: Alternative form of mancart
throuple: Three partners in a romantic or sexual relationship; a ménage à trois.
smart TV: A television with integrated Internet features and an operating system.
megashed: A massive store, warehouse, or distribution center, especially one with a plain or unattractive exterior.
megashed: An extremely large watershed.
neopulmo: Part of the lung of birds formed by the parabronchi from the laterodorsal and lateroventral bronchi
otkaznik: Synonym of refusenik
overbias: The use of more bias current in an analog magnetic recorder than is required for maximum sensitivity.
ossicusp: The bony horn of an okapi or a giraffe.
sinigang: A sour Filipino soup, usually made with tamarind.
trivirga: A neume that trebles the value of the first note in a series of virgae.
feloness: A female felon.
borefest: An extremely boring event.
nu-disco: A 21st-century dance music genre associated with a renewed interest in 1970s and 1980s disco and related genres.
kill-off: The process of killing something off; an elimination.
sex hair: Bed hair as a result of sexual intercourse.
guolaosi: Death from overwork.
age spot: Synonym of liver spot
decinine: A particular alkaloid found in plants of the family Lythraceae.
decodine: A particular alkaloid found in plants of the family Lythraceae.
nesodine: An alkaloid found in Heimia salicifolia.
lythrine: An alkaloid found in Heimia salicifolia.
ulmoside: An aucubigenin diglycoside found in the bark of Ulmus wallichiana.
overmold: The part or material that is molded over and around another part.
lyfoline: An alkaloid found in Heimia salicifolia.
hyperbox: An n-dimensional box structure that defines a range of points, used in neural network algorithms for classifying objects.
lemology: Alternative form of loimology
lagerine: An alkaloid found in Lagerstroemia indica.
geonasty: A nastic response to gravity.
poemette: A short poem.
parawing: Synonym of Rogallo wing
migrancy: The condition of being a migrant.
mirasdar: Alternative form of mirasidar
noseclip: A device that holds a person's nostrils closed to prevent water from entering, or air from escaping, during swimming and other aquatic activities.
breechen: A rope used to limit the recoil of a cannon on a ship
breechen: The part of the harness that fits over the horse's rump and holds the load back or permits the horse to back it up http://www.gaitedhorses.net/Articles/HorseGlossary.html
athyride: Any brachiopod of the order †Athyridida.
doomcore: A dark and minimal subgenre of hardcore techno music.
rehasher: One who rehashes something.
conebill: Any of various small tanagers of the genus Conirostrum.
Smirnoff: A serving of the Smirnoff brand of vodka.
battener: One who battens or feasts.
katchuri: Alternative form of kachori
coralyne: A particular DNA-binding antitumor antibiotic.
doweress: A widow who holds a dower; a dowager.
peat bog: a bog in which the soil is formed from peat.
mistbelt: Alternative form of mist belt
pantload: A large amount.
subshape: A shape that forms part of a larger, more complex shape.
fatgraph: A combinatorial object representing the geometry of a protein.
sixareen: A six-oared boat of the Shetland Islands.
simphony: Obsolete form of symphony.
tracelet: A short fragment of the trace of execution of a computer program, used in automated systems that attempt to understand and optimize source code.
kazatzka: Alternative form of kazatsky
kazatski: Alternative form of kazatsky
antpipit: Any of the genus Corythopis of birds in the Tyrannidae family.
dogspeak: The language supposedly used by dogs.
loft bed: A type of elevated bed, where the bed frame is similar to that of a bunk bed with the lower bunk missing, allowing the use of the area beneath the bed
halo car: A flagship car model used to bring prestige to a mark or brand of autos, through the halo effect, by symbolic association with other car models and the brand itself.
isooctyl: Any of several octyl isomers that have a sidechain, but especially 6-methyl-heptyl
Haftarah: A selection from the books of Nevi'im and Ketuvim of the Tanach, usually corresponding to the week's parashah, publicly read in synagogue following the parashah.
top fuel: A nitromethane-based motor fuel, used in top-fuel dragsters.
protopod: Synonym of protopodite
meshness: The condition of a network resembling a mesh
geophase: A point in the sequence of geochemical changes that occur as minerals are formed from cooling magma.
estampie: A medieval French dance.
quod non: Something that is not true.
dickkopf: Any of a family of glycoproteins that are involved in the development of the embryo.
milk cow: A dairy cow.
pubicide: Any of the various chemicals used to kill pubic lice.
pubicide: The use of such a chemical.
overlady: A female overlord.
tholance: Sufferance, toleration; permission; forbearance.
marryage: Obsolete form of marriage.
dyssemia: A learning difference that involves impairment with understanding and/or using nonverbal communication
corobane: Cowbane (Cicuta)
bullpoop: Bullshit; nonsense.
scariole: Synonym of endive
nihonium: The synthetic transactinide chemical element with atomic number 113.
metasone: A glucocorticosteroid used topically to reduce inflammation
estergum: The glycerol ester of rosin.
bankette: Obsolete form of banquet.
alstonia: Any of the genus Alstonia of evergreen trees and shrubs in the dogbane family Apocynaceae.
equinism: A horse-like gait sometimes resulting from gunshot injury to the legs.
fastinge: Obsolete form of fasting.
endocrin: Dated form of endocrine.
ixazomib: A proteasome inhibitor that is used in cancer therapy
monaster: The single aster formation that forms at the equatorial plate at the end of metaphase in mitosis.
reformee: One who is the subject of a reform.
handiman: Dated form of handyman.
dipodand: Any open-chain equivalent of a crown ether that has a -O-CH₂-CH₂-O-CH₂-CH₂-O- group
bike box: A designated area at the head of a motorised traffic lane, providing cyclists with increased safety and an easier left turn at the signal.
miniflap: A small flap
hairwear: Accessories to be worn in the hair.
phorbeia: A leather strap worn by an aulos player to avoid excessive strain on the lips and cheeks due to continuous blowing.
shioyaki: Food, usually fish, broiled with salt in Japanese cuisine.
ashiatsu: A form of massage in which the practitioner uses their feet to deliver treatment.
flagball: Synonym of flag football
tarsitis: Inflammation of the tarsus of the foot.
tarsitis: Inflammation of the tarsal border of an eyelid; marginal blepharitis.
tapotage: Coughing and expectoration following percussion in the supraclavicular region: a sign sometimes obtained in pulmonary tuberculosis.
tampicin: A resin from Ipomoea simulans, found in Tampico jalap, laxative in small doses, purgative in large ones.
handcrew: A team of firefighters responsible for constructing firelines.
demonymy: The use or study of demonyms.
caconymy: The use of a caconym.
aptonymy: The state of being an aptonym.
aptonymy: The study of aptonyms.
allonymy: The use of allonyms.
acronymy: The formation of words from the initial components of words in a phrase
acronymy: The use of acronyms.
feldsher: Alternative form of feldscher
cyphosis: Dated form of kyphosis.
coixseed: Synonym of Job's tears
Musulman: Archaic form of Mussulman.
aloo pie: A kind of potato samosa, popular in Trinidad and Tobago.
lakeland: Terrain with many lakes.
layerage: The botanical technique of layering, or laying the shoot of a plant underground for growth.
lime pit: A limestone quarry.
lime pit: A pit in which lime is burnt
lime pit: A pit in which lime is slaked
lime pit: A pit of lime and water in which tanners dehair hides
lekythus: Alternative form of lekythos
locksman: A man who operates a lock on a river or canal.
locksman: A dreadlocked Rastafarian.
logotypy: The use of logotypes or ligatures.
hodonymy: The naming of streets and roads.
laryngal: Alternative form of laryngeal
loginess: The state or quality of being logy.
lobbygow: An errand boy, especially in Chinatown.
babyfood: Alternative form of baby food
logboard: A board on a vessel displaying the current portion of the log, to be transcribed later into the logbook.
endonymy: A relationship of semantic inclusion, such as that between "store" and "shopping mall".
endonymy: The use of the name for a group or geographic region by its members or inhabitants, as opposed to the nomenclature used by outsiders.
bargoose: The common shelduck, Tadorna tadorna.
satyrism: An extremely high or excessive libido in men or boys.
mononymy: Standardization of terms so that each entity has only one name.
mononymy: The use of one-word names.
theonymy: The names given to gods, collectively.
xenonymy: The juxtaposition of semantically incompatible words.
immerser: One who immerses, as for example one who carries out baptism by immersion.
immerser: A person who tends to immerse themselves in things, becoming deeply involved.
cribside: A position at the side of an infant's crib.
gravelin: Alternative form of gravelling
onsetter: A worker at the bottom of a mineshaft who exchanges the empty and full corves.
onsetter: One who undergoes the onset of a condition.
littling: A little one; a child.
glowerer: One who glowers.
analyist: Misspelling of analyst.
polynymy: Alternative form of polyonymy
polynymy: The use of names that are polynyms.
drunkerd: Obsolete form of drunkard.
noiselet: Any of a family of functions related to wavelets, analogous to the way that the Fourier basis is related to a time domain signal.
acidocin: Any of a class of bacteriocins produced by Lactobacillus acidophilus.
nurshing: Misspelling of nursing.
unitrust: A form of trust established by a donor to provide an income stream to a beneficiary, as a percentage of the principal, returning the remainder to the donor when the trust terminates.
quartary: Synonym of quartarius, quarter-sextarius, a Roman unit of liquid measure equivalent to about 0.14 L
quartary: A Roman unit of mass, one-fourth of a Roman pound.
aureocin: Any of a class of bacteriocins produced by Staphylococcus aureus.
reuterin: An antimicrobial substance produced by Lactobacillus reuteri.
slag tag: A tattoo on a woman's lower back.
balangay: A type of wooden watercraft used by a group of Austronesian people when they migrated to the Philippines.
balangay: Alternative form of barangay (“local government unit in the Philippines”)
Obamabot: A supporter of Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States.
Obamabot: A person paid to post pro-Obama articles on the Internet.
polonide: Any binary compound of polonium and a more electropositive element.
reavowal: A second or subsequent avowal.
actorine: An actress.
landvogt: A reeve in the Holy Roman Empire with responsibility for a particular territory.
orthonym: The real name of a person who uses a pseudonym.
orthonym: The correct word for a concept in a specified language.
disuniat: Alternative form of disuniate
candarin: Alternative form of candareen
one shot: A camera shot that focuses on a single subject.
cutwidth: The minimum number of edges that cross any cut between lower-numbered and higher-numbered vertices in an optimal linear arrangement of the vertices of a graph.
bitwidth: The length of a value in bits (binary digits).
bluemink: Ageratum houstonianum (blueweed).
marverer: A glassworker who uses a marver.
rakeback: A rebate on the rake paid by a poker player.
fan page: fansite.
Loyalist: A person from the 13 Colonies (of British North America from the eastern seaboard of mainland North America) who was in favor of remaining in the British Empire during the American Revolution.
Loyalist: Abbreviation of United Empire Loyalist.
Loyalist: A supporter of keeping Northern Ireland under British rule instead of unification with Ireland, usually from a Protestant background.
biobrick: A length of DNA sequence used, with others, to build synthetic biological circuits
Patriote: Patriot (one of the devolution-of-power supporters in Lower Canada during the Canadian Rebellions of 1837-1838 (Patriots' War))
lapphund: A type of spitz, traditionally used to herd reindeer
Brexiter: Synonym of Brexiteer
mindgasm: A orgasmic-like sensation derived from thoughts.
hovawart: A medium-large breed of dog originally used as guard dogs
coregasm: A pleasurable sensation during contractions of the muscles after or during exercise.
top pair: A pair consisting of one hole card and the highest-ranking community card.
lithuria: The presence of excess uric acid or its salts in the urine.
pulse ox: Pulse oximetry.
pulse ox: Pulse oximeter.
remainer: One who remains.
remainer: Alternative letter-case form of Remainer
remainer: Obsolete form of remainder.
minicore: Any of a series of core structures found in muscle tissue myopathy
Sartrian: Alternative form of Sartrean
chuckoor: Alternative form of chukar
chichore: Obsolete form of chukar.
suborbit: The lower part of the orbit of the eye
suilloid: Any fungus of the genus Suillus.
panstick: A form of pancake makeup supplied in a tube, like lipstick.
cytoform: A form of an organism that has a distinct cellular structure, normally as a result of a chromosomal difference
hemoclip: A small metal clip used to prevent bleeding.
tithonia: Any of the genus Tithonia of flowering plants in the sunflower tribe (Heliantheae) within the family Asteraceae.
Regrexit: A feeling of regret about Brexit taking place, or about having voted for it.
dividivi: Alternative form of divi-divi
geriatry: Synonym of geriatrics
geepound: Synonym of slug (“unit of mass”)
bebeerin: Archaic form of bebeerine.
benzidin: Archaic form of benzidine.
meat ant: Iridomyrmex purpureus, a carnivorous ant endemic to Australia.
monodomy: The situation where an ant colony is established at a single nest site.
submajor: An ant that is smaller than a major.
polydomy: The situation where an ant colony is established across multiple nest sites.
policide: The intentional destruction of a nation.
policide: The intentional destruction of political activity in a society.
scanpath: The path followed by the viewer's eyes when reading a document or observing a scene.
apospory: The ability of a plant's sporophytes to form a plant that looks like a gametophyte but has the ploidy level of the sporophyte.
xericity: The quality or degree of being xeric; adaptation to dry conditions.
phlyctis: Synonym of phlyctidium
bioalloy: Any biocompatible alloy.
gumphion: A flag or banner carried in a funeral procession.
Cesarean: Alternative spelling of Caesarean
forecare: care given in advance of a procedure, such as surgery
Laborite: a member or supporter of the Australian Labor Party, the left wing party of Australia
Laborite: Misspelling of Labourite. (UK political party member, Labour Party)
deadpool: Alternative form of dead pool (“point at which a reservoir no longer has enough water”)
deadpool: Alternative form of dead pool (“game of predicting when people will die”)
freemail: An email service provided free of charge to the public.
chabudai: A short-legged Japanese table.
camucamu: Myrciaria dubia, a small bushy riverside tree of the Amazon rainforest.
rumberry: Synonym of guavaberry
capulana: A type of sarong worn primarily in Mozambique.
bionergy: Alternative form of bioenergy
zeroconf: zero-configuration networking
nitrofen: The herbicide 2,4-dichloro-1-(4-nitrophenoxy)benzene.
adhocrat: One who espouses or practises adhocracy.
go order: A police order that temporarily bans a perpetrator of domestic violence from the family home, preventing the victim from having to flee.
silkwork: Goods or products manufactured from silk
Cape Cod: A traditional low, broad frame house originating in 17th-century New England, having a moderately steep, pitched roof with end gables, a large central chimney, and very little ornamentation.
oiticica: The tree Licania rigida, endemic to Brazil and Puerto Rico.
omphalus: Alternative form of omphalos
oogamete: The female gamete; the egg cell or oosphere.
opticist: One who studies optics.
orichalc: Alternative form of orichalcum
oreology: Alternative form of orology
Beothuck: Alternative form of Beothuk
half-bat: A bat (brick with one whole end) that is exactly half the length of the original brick.
half-bat: A half of a battalion.
outshots: Rags from the paper-making process, of lesser quality than fines.
anaphone: A particular sign as represented in music; a sound or melody that represents something, such as motion or romance.
oniscoid: A member of the Oniscoidea; a woodlouse.
Oerlikon: A 20-millimeter anti-aircraft autocannon designed by the Oerlikon company.
lady-fly: A ladybird.
comedist: A writer of comedies.
5:2 diet: A diet that stipulates calorie restriction for two non-consecutive days per week but allows unconstrained eating on the other five days.
lanosity: The quality of being lanose, or woolly.
licencee: Alternative form of licensee
latewake: Alternative form of late-wake
livelood: Obsolete form of livelihood.
Lernaean: Alternative form of Lernean
venville: A system of tenure in Dartmoor, England, allowing residents to graze animals on the moor and to gather coal, turf, etc. from the forest.
verligte: A person with a verlig political attitude.
Langshan: A chicken of any of various breeds supposed to have originated from Langshan in China.
Langshan: A hill in Nantong, Jiangsu, China.
jambolan: Synonym of jambul
kalyptra: Alternative form of calyptra
khansama: Alternative form of khansamah
cloudtop: The topmost layer of cloud.
toadrush: Alternative form of toad rush
infolder: Archaic form of enfolder.
upbearer: One who upbears or upholds.
townling: An inhabitant of a town.
landcare: A community scheme for taking care of agricultural land, preventing soil degradation, etc.
side pot: A pot separated from the main pot, containing the chips bet and raised by players, up from the amount wagered by the player all-in with the fewest chips.
main pot: The pot that contains the chips bet and raised by each player, up to the same amount wagered by the player all-in with the least amount of chips. Further bets and raises form the side pot or side pots.
May Week: The celebratory week at the end of the academic year at Cambridge University, originally in May but now taking place in June.
mail art: Small-scale artworks sent through the postal service as part of a populist artistic movement.
lingueme: Any unit of linguistic structure, such as a phoneme, a morpheme, or a whole phrase.
roulroul: A gamebird in the pheasant family, the crested partridge (Rollulus rouloul).
sphragis: A mating plug in the genital opening of a female, formed from a waxy secretion deposited by a male during mating.
sphragis: Synonym of sphragide
oldstyle: A traditional style of typeface designed to mimic the handwriting of scribes.
aavakaya: Alternative form of aavakaaya
idoneity: The state or quality of being idoneous.
depoaxis: A depositional axis.
blennoid: Any fish of the family Blenniidae.
biventer: Any digastric part or organ.
shambock: Alternative form of sjambok
roburite: An explosive formerly used in mining, made from chlorinated dinitrobenzene oxidized by ammonium nitrate.
eucaryot: Alternative form of eukaryote
eosinate: A salt or ester of eosinic acid.
ergogram: A diagram illustrating work efficiency.
eukaryot: Alternative form of eukaryote
executry: The role of executor.
silver Y: A species of moth, Autographa gamma, having a distinctive Y-shaped mark on its forewings.
freepost: A postal service allowing a person to send mail without affixing postage, the recipient paying when collecting the mail.
freepost: A postal service allowing an electoral candidate, political party or government department to send mail wholly paid for by Royal Mail (as the statutory universal postal service provider).
car part: A part that can be fitted to a car, often as a replacement for a worn-out or damaged part.
gurukula: A residential school in India with pupils living near the guru, often in the same house.
Aleppine: A person from, or an inhabitant of, Aleppo.
multilog: Alternative form of multilogue
Scoville: Ellipsis of Scoville heat unit.
moronity: The quality of being moronic.
Gülenist: A supporter of the social movement led by Turkish Islamic scholar and preacher Fethullah Gülen.
shit eye: Synonym of stink eye
penitrem: Any of a family of fungal neurotoxins found on ryegrass
faltboat: A kind of collapsible canoe.
fairyism: Belief in fairies as supernatural beings.
fairyism: A fairylike quality, for example in literature.
presplit: A crack produced for this purpose.
megagame: A very large, or highly successful, game.
automacy: The quality, state, or condition of being automatic; automaticity.
encaenia: A festival held to mark the anniversary of the dedication of a church or temple; (especially), of the Temple at Jerusalem.
encaenia: The annual commemoration service of founders and benefactors of Oxford University.
pastress: Rare form of pastoress.
writress: A female writer; an authoress.
unaction: Lack or absence of action; an act of no action
key ring: Alternative form of keyring
filology: Misspelling of philology.
epylisin: A particular human matrix metalloproteinase
forelife: A former or previous life
forelife: Early or primitive life; protozoa
molestee: One who has been molested.
rooftile: A tile for use on a roof.
synonime: Obsolete form of synonym.
arctiine: Any erebid moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
wonkette: A female wonk.
cat-call: Dated form of catcall.
refcount: A counter variable that keeps track of the number of references to a specific block of memory.
high doh: The eighth note in the sol-fa system, being an octave above doh.
high doh: A state of great agitation.
exolysis: dissolution of the cytoplasm of a cell by enzymes from another organism
magicdom: The sphere or world of magic
trailcam: trail camera
elgonica: A particular anthraquinone found in certain aloes, normally as a dimer.
vacufuge: A centrifuge that operates in a vacuum; especially one used to concentrate or dehydrate biological samples
cuprenyl: A univalent radical or cation derived from cuprene
trulleum: A basin-shaped depression near the base of the mandible in certain ants.
backfist: A punch performed by forming a fist and striking with the tops of the two largest knuckles.
engulfer: That which engulfs.
starseed: Alternative form of star seed
kikwembe: A type of wraparound cloth worn by women in the Congo.
data rot: The gradual decay of storage media.
disk rot: Alternative form of disc rot
unfinish: A state of incompletion; lack of finish; unfinishedness
rubashka: kosovorotka
tailache: A pain or ache in the tail.
dickache: A pain or ache in the penis.
manbitch: A weak or submissive man.
swack-up: A lie; a falsehood.
sargeant: Misspelling of sergeant.
Ubuntard: A user of the Ubuntu Linux operating system.
jyutping: Alternative letter-case form of Jyutping
Twizzler: A kind of chewy candy in the form of long twists.
laboress: A female laborer.
retyring: The act of putting a new tyre on a vehicle wheel.
enhydrin: A particular melampolide.
longipin: A particular melampolide found in Melampodium longipes.
uvedalin: A particular melampolide found in Polymnia uvedalia.
seminerd: Someone who is partially or somewhat a nerd.
manlover: Someone who loves men.
manlover: The lover of a man (typically another man).
dogeater: Someone or some animal that eats dogs.
dogeater: A Chinese or Southeast Asian person.
doglover: Synonym of cynophile (“Someone who loves dogs.”)
clamancy: urgency
shitpiss: Nonsense, bullshit.
shitpiss: Term of abuse.
shitpiss: Severe diarrhea.
semimean: The result obtained by taking either the largest or smallest half of the values and calculating the mean.
cobblery: The skill or trade of making and mending shoes, as practised by a cobbler.
dress-up: A child's game of putting on different clothes and pretending to be different people.
coondick: Alternative spelling of coon dick.
catlover: Someone who loves cats.
airshoot: A shot at something that is in the air, or a shot in midair.
airshoot: A channel for providing ventilation.
airshoot: A filiform shoot of a water plant that floats on the surface of the water and contains bract-like organs.
airshoot: A root-like structure that runs along the surface of the ground, putting down roots at a distance as a form of propagation.
cacafogo: Alternative form of cacafuego
oralizer: One who oralizes.
megaform: A series of buildings linked by a physical framework
exoascus: The outer functional layer of a fissitunicate ascus
kogation: Gradual and inevitable degradation of the print head of a heat-based inkjet printer from residual ink and/or impure water.
gangstah: Alternative form of gangsta
bran pie: Synonym of bran tub (“tub filled with bran in which small gifts are buried as a lucky dip”)
tobelija: A sworn virgin.
fakegasm: A feigned instance of excitement.
fakegasm: A feigned orgasm.
sex doll: Synonym of love doll
chrismon: A Christogram.
chrismon: A stylised siglum or character interpreted as an invocation of Christ in Merovingian and Carolingian documents.
chrismon: A Christmas decoration with explicitly Christian religious symbolism.
embanker: One who embanks.
excreter: One who excretes.
vasotomy: incision into the vas deferens
Verdelho: A white wine grape grown throughout Portugal, especially on the island of Madeira.
Verdelho: A kind of Madeira wine made with this grape.
villagio: Alternative form of viliaco
villiago: Alternative form of viliaco
vanitory: A dressing table with a built-in washbasin.
tisswood: A name for various trees
tisswood: Red bay (Persea borbonia).
tisswood: A name for various trees
tisswood: Silverbell (genus Halesia).
tisswood: A name for various trees
tisswood: Box elder (Acer negundo).
vauntery: vaunting; boastfulness
vesturer: The head verger of a church.
treelawn: A strip of unpaved land planted with trees, running alongside a street, usually between the sidewalk and street.
quilisma: A neume of uncertain meaning, consisting of several jagged lines.
truantry: truancy
tritonia: Any of the genus Tritonia of flowering plants in the iris family.
BMX bike: An off-road sport bicycle, usually having 20-inch (508-mm) wheels, used for racing and stunt riding.
earasaid: A belted plaid worn in Scotland as part of traditional female Highland dress.
Dane gun: A long-barreled flintlock musket, used and generally manufactured in West Africa.
argemone: Any of the genus Argemone of flowering plants, the prickly poppies.
peticure: Misspelling of pedicure.
hairlock: A lock of hair.
herbelet: Alternative form of herblet
Hamburgh: Alternative form of Hamburg (kind of chicken)
forehood: One of the most forward of the outside and inside planks
tontiner: Alternative form of tontineer (a member of a tontine)
foresong: A song sung as an opener to an event or story; prelude
foreshop: A front shop; a shop placed near the front, facing the street
foreshop: The front part of a shop
herodism: Alternative letter-case form of Herodism
tabourer: Alternative form of taborer
woodgeld: An exemption to the fee for the cutting or taking of wood from a forest.
crashpad: Alternative form of crash pad
fedelini: A very thin form of spaghetti.
faulchin: Obsolete form of falchion.
flatwork: Horizontal construction work using concrete, such as floors.
foreface: The front portion of a dog's face; the muzzle.
tabourin: Alternative form of taborine
themness: otherness
themness: The state or quality of being a specified person or a member of a specified group of people.
Norwayan: Obsolete form of Norwegian.
kneeroom: The amount of space available for a person's knees, for example in a vehicle.
moongate: A circular passageway found in Chinese, Japanese, and Bermudian architecture.
toolcase: A case used for storing tools.
leavener: Any agent that promotes leavening.
oolichan: Alternative form of eulachon
Herodism: The killing of unwanted people, especially children.
Herodism: Indulgence in or worship of worldly spectacle and power rather than that which is good or worthy.
Herodism: A political stance of allowing domination by a more powerful country, usually in order to preserve some level of control rather than being vanquished.
illbeing: A state of unhappiness or poor health.
monergol: Any monopropellant.
incharge: The person who is in charge of something; an employee with responsibility for a department of a company; a manager, supervisor.
hypergol: Any hypergolic propellant.
Tengrism: A Central Asian religion characterized by features of shamanism, animism, totemism, both polytheism and monotheism, and ancestor worship. It was the state religion of the six ancient Turkic states.
drumfunk: A subgenre of drum and bass music involving intricate drum patterns.
arm span: The length of a person's outstretched arms, measured from the fingertips of the two middle fingers. See also fathom
flameage: Alternative form of flamage
foreform: An early or previous form; protoform
foretype: A type or figure occurring beforehand or in advance; forerunner; predecessor; prototype
foregate: A main entrance or front gate.
Usegroup: A newsgroup, specifically on the Usenet system.
volcanoe: Misspelling of volcano.
tornadoe: Misspelling of tornado.
usegroup: Alternative letter-case form of Usegroup
panacaea: Alternative form of panacea
unchange: A situation where all remains constant; stasis.
gas lamp: A lamp which operates by burning gas.
ice alga: Algae adapted to grow on ice, different species growing on freshwater and saltwater ice.
swealing: Alternative form of swaling (melted wax that runs down the edge of a candle)
renegate: Obsolete form of renegade.
ryebread: Alternative form of rye bread
alytarch: An official responsible for maintaining order at the ancient Olympic Games.
foolship: The condition of being a fool; foolishness; folly
foolship: Used as a title or a form of address for a foolish person
dacryoma: A tumorlike swelling due to obstruction of the lacrimal duct.
prætexta: Alternative form of praetexta
lockspit: A trench dug in the ground to mark a boundary or other imaginary line.
Venetism: Venetian nationalism
Venetist: A supporter of Venetism; a Venetian nationalist.
bow ball: A rubberized ball placed on the bow of the boat to protect others from collisions with the pointed end of the bow.
slanteye: An Asian person.
felinoid: A member of a cat-like alien race.
mimetese: A mineral resembling pyromorphite but with some of the phosphoric acid replaced by arsenic acid.
hydruria: The excretion of a greatly increased amount of watery urine; polyuria.
muraqaba: Alternative form of muraqabah
minihole: A very tiny black hole, small enough to be influenced by quantum effects.
mexolide: A coumarin isolated from Murraya paniculata (syn. Murraya exotica).
metargon: A supposed noble gas, once thought to exist in minute amounts in the atmosphere as a result of a flawed study of density spectra.
mesocyst: A double fold of peritoneum attaching the gall bladder to the liver.
ballhead: A device used in camera stands, prosthetic joints, etc. to allow rotation of the attached part.
morphoea: Alternative form of morphea
myronate: A salt or ester of myronic acid.
gunworks: A facility where guns are manufactured.
backflop: A diving error that results in the diver's back making an impact on the surface of the water.
Eurocard: A printed circuit board card in a standard European format, designed to plug into a standardized subrack.
snubbery: Snubs, the act or result of snubbing.
Shewfelt: A back handspring off the vaulting horse or vaulting table with a layout and two-and-a-half twists.
heretoch: Alternative form of heretog
mirorder: A taxonomic ranking just below grandorder and above order.
half day: A school day when the students are released early.
half day: A work day when business closes early, or where a worker leaves early.
bug bomb: Synonym of aerosol bomb
bug bomb: Synonym of fumigation
bug bomb: Synonym of roach bomb
bug bomb: Synonym of roach fogger
flyunder: A road or rail underpass.
tea-gown: A loose-fitting semiformal gown, made of light fabrics, worn in the late 19th and early 20th century for entertaining, especially for afternoon tea.
nanorder: A taxon below order and hypoorder.
minorder: A taxon below hypoorder and above suborder.
taraweeh: Alternative form of tarawih
memology: The study of memes.
B.L.A.S.: Initialism of Bachelor of Liberal Arts and Sciences.
Elginist: One who is supportive of, or carries out acts of Elginism; a cultural vandal.
skygazer: A stargazer.
paraffle: An ostentatious display.
jet fuel: The fuel that powers a jet aircraft.
jet fuel: The fuel that powers a jet aircraft.
jet fuel: kerosene
jet fuel: Strong home-brewed alcoholic drink; moonshine.
prephase: A prior phase; the condition before a particular phase
septopus: An octopus or octopus-like creature with only seven legs.
maltosyl: A univalent radical derived from maltose
Mundingo: Archaic form of Mandingo.
attonity: immobility
nanotrap: A nanoscale trap
sea-boot: Alternative form of seaboot
polyzeta: A complex function related to zeta functions
pan-yard: Alternative form of panyard (“pannier; bag or basket”)
backgate: A gate that supplies a negative voltage
perikron: Alternative form of perikrone
genechip: A microarray used in analysing genomes.
bioarray: An array of biological or biochemical components or cells
massness: The quality of being a part of a mass.
massness: The quality of being a mass noun.
tenderee: One to whom an offer or contract is tendered. It is the person, group of people, company or institution who has work they need to be done. They will tender this work out for tenderers to bid for.
tenderor: Alternative form of tenderer
paraderm: The part of the vitellus of the ovum that furnishes cells which contribute to the body of the embryo.
thamuria: Frequent urination.
thecitis: inflammation of the sheath of a tendon
astronav: astronavigation
hydatism: The sound caused by the presence of fluid in a cavity of the body.
cyanurin: The pigment that gives the urine a bluish tinge in cases of cyanuria.
tetanism: A form of more or less continuous muscular hypertonicity sometimes seen in young infants.
cyanuria: The passing of bluish-coloured urine.
noseburn: Any of the genus Tragia of flowering plants in the spurge family Euphorbiaceae.
midcolon: The middle area of the colon
paraform: Synonym of paraformaldehyde
tailcuff: A cuff, attached to the tail, used to measure blood pressure in small animals.
ASMRtist: A person who creates ASMR audiovisual material.
good law: A legal statute, regulation, or judicial decision that is considered still valid and applicable.
tertamyl: tertiary amyl
vitritis: inflammation associated with the vitreous humor
burukutu: An African alcoholic beverage, brewed from the grains of Guinea corn (Sorghum bicolor) and pearl millet (Cenchrus americanus, syn. Pennisetum glaucum)
tesguino: Alternative form of tesgüino
pondimin: Synonym of fenfluramine
tesgüino: A corn beer made by the Tarahumara Indians of Sierra Madre in Mexico.
fold-out: Alternative form of foldout
muckhill: dunghill; dung heap
imatanib: Misspelling of imatinib.
lavagate: washing (material removed using water)
pre-date: Alternative form of predate
silanide: The anion SiH₃⁻ derived from silane; any salt containing this anion
bed-fast: Alternative form of bedfast
polisomy: Misspelling of polysomy.
stardock: A round dock with secured vessels resembling a star.
diacoele: The cavity of the diencephalon.
Maverick: A member of one of the sports teams with a mascot called Maverick.
Maverick: Someone who attends, or has attended in the past, one of these schools, especially one involved in the sports teams.
openning: Misspelling of opening.
anomalad: A primary malformation together with its subsequently derived structural changes.
plannism: Alternative form of planism
heirhood: The state or condition of being an heir; heirship
apokrone: Apoapsis around the planet Saturn.
perijove: Periapsis around Jupiter.
niggress: Alternative form of niggeress
air-hose: Alternative spelling of air hose
air hose: A hose for conveying compressed air within a pneumatic system.
air hose: A hose for conveying air from the surface or from an air tank to a diver.
limitude: The state or characteristic of being limited; limitedness.
triviata: A collection of trivia; a list of trivial information.
sparagus: Obsolete form of asparagus.
killogie: The fireplace of a kiln.
Kwakiutl: Synonym of Kwakwaka'wakw
bookflap: The inner part of a book jacket wrapping around a book cover.
centiban: A unit of information, one hundredth of a ban.
gas boat: A boat powered by a petrol engine.
blobbing: An outdoor recreational activity in which a participant sitting on the end of a partially inflated air bag is launched into the water when another participant jumps onto the air bag from a platform on the opposite side.
Auer rod: clumps of azurophilic granular material that typically form elongated needles seen in the cytoplasm of myeloid leukemic blast cells.
colonoid: An organoid derived from the colon
enteroid: An organoid derived from the small intestine
sprummer: Transition period between spring and summer: late spring.
octyloxy: The univalent radical CH₃-(CH₂)₇-O- derived from octanol
celebdom: The state, essence, or world of a celeb; celebrity; fame; celebs collectively
eicosene: any of very many isomers of the unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbon having the chemical formula C₂₀H₄₀, but especially 2-eicosene
endoclip: A device used in endoscopy to close two mucosal surfaces without the need for surgery and suturing
lickport: An opening (typically in a cage) through which a test animal may lick water or other drink
weepfest: An event, a dramatic work, etc. that involves a lot of weeping.
dumpcart: A cart, often two-wheeled, that can be tilted to empty its contents; a tumbril.
alveolae: Misspelling of alveoli.
Pramathi: The thirteenth year of the 60-year cycle of the Tamil calendar.
Vikruthi: The twenty-fourth year of the 60-year cycle of the Tamil calendar.
Subhaanu: The seventeenth year of the 60-year cycle of the Tamil calendar.
overtube: A protective tube used during endoscopy, typically during removal of a foreign body
povidine: Misspelling of povidone.
thymitis: inflammation of the thymus gland
salesbot: A robot designed to sell goods or services.
lakehead: The part of a lake most distant from its outlet.
kaffiyah: Alternative form of keffiyeh
speldrin: Alternative form of speldring
chuckies: The game of jacks or jackstones; chucks.
metacube: A kind of computer architecture derived from the hypercube and intended for use with large-scale parallel systems.
mooi-jai: A female household servant, usually an unwanted daughter bought from another family.
trudgeon: Alternative form of trudgen
trudgeon: Alternative form of truncheon
trudgeon: A toddler.
Chinaboy: A boy who is Chinese; a (young) man from China or of Chinese descent.
Chinaboy: A houseboy from China or of Chinese descent.
crebrity: The state or quality of being crebrous; close succession; frequency of occurrence; numerosity.
leafwork: Any design or structure resembling leaves or the pattern of leaves; foliage
Chitrali: An inhabitant of Chitral, in particular of the Kho ethnic group.
ventrite: A ventral plate.
bol'shak: The head of a Russian peasant household; a family patriarch.
ark load: Alternative form of arkload
anti-Jew: Someone with anti-Jewish views.
kalamaki: Synonym of souvlaki
drumstep: A genre of music combining elements of drum and bass and dubstep.
3D print: A three-dimensional solid object made using a 3D printer.
biketard: A kind of leotard with short sections covering the upper legs, like cycling shorts.
tidemill: Alternative form of tide mill
extropia: Misspelling of exotropia.
myectomy: The removal or the thinning of muscle tissue
pleomere: The abdominal somite of a crustacean
Jugoslav: Dated form of Yugoslav.
metaword: A word, such as a search keyword or dictionary headword, that stands for itself as a word rather than having a meaning and a context.
teamship: The condition, faculty, or practice of working as a team; collaboration; teamwork
seed-nut: Alternative form of seednut
hypocube: A square, or any other geometric figure analogous to a cube but having fewer than three dimensions.
tieplate: Alternative form of tie plate
dogspike: A spike with a slightly altered head shape for easier extraction when the spike has become too loose in the sleeper.
crimance: crime-romance
basbousa: A traditional Middle Eastern sweet cake, made from cooked semolina or farina soaked in simple syrup which may also contain orange flower water or rose water.
wwoofing: Alternative form of woofing (“volunteering on an organic farm”)
WWOOFing: Alternative form of woofing
pipfruit: Synonym of pome
side-eye: A sidelong look, particularly of animosity, judgment, or suspicion.
shechita: Alternative form of shehitah
dustbath: Alternative form of dust bath
oreodine: A diterpene alkaloid found in the plant Delphinium oreophilum.
oreoline: A diterpene alkaloid found in the plant Delphinium oreophilum.
vogesite: A lamprophyre mineral containing hornblende and orthoclase.
new jack: Synonym of new jack swing
oxygraph: A form of respirometer.
cabwoman: A female driver of a hackney cab or taxi.
mutabbaq: Alternative form of murtabak
jiangshi: A reanimated corpse in Chinese legend, which moves around by hopping with its arms outstretched, and kills living creatures to absorb their life force.
antijoke: A sentence or story that subverts the expectation of a joke, often by being deliberately unfunny or surreal.
haberget: Alternative form of haberject
dhabihah: The prescribed Islamic method of ritual slaughter of animals to produce halal meat, consisting of a swift, deep incision with a sharp knife on the throat, cutting the jugular veins and carotid arteries of both sides but leaving the spinal cord intact.
murtabak: A kind of stuffed pancake or pan-fried bread found in parts of the Middle East and Asia.
endostar: A particular recombinant human endostatin
man-trap: Alternative form of mantrap
dockerin: Any of a class of proteins that interact with cohesin
emulsine: Alternative form of emulsin
dyalisis: Misspelling of dialysis.
Juarista: A follower of Benito Juárez during the period of resistance to the French occupation.
icotinib: The epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor N-(3-ethynylphenyl)-7,8,10,11,13,14-hexahydro-[1,4,7,10]tetraoxacyclododecino[2,3-g]quinazolin-4-amine
martabak: Alternative form of murtabak
porfimer: Any of several oligomeric porphyrins used in photodynamic therapy
hijackee: A victim of a hijacking.
tin-horn: Alternative spelling of tinhorn
pressful: Enough to fill a press.
premedic: A person who is studying pre-med.
preblend: A mixture of substances blended in advance.
postique: A retail store selling items relating to postal mail, such as stamps and stationery.
lantskip: Alternative form of landskip
misarray: disarray; disorder; confusion
erotinib: Alternative form of erlotinib
misonomy: The phenomenon of being misnamed.
scumlord: A term of abuse.
kilobuck: A thousand dollars.
curranto: Archaic form of coranto. (early informational broadsheet)
stovaine: Alternative form of stovain
studfarm: Alternative form of stud farm
stradiot: A mercenary unit from the Balkans, recruited mainly by states of southern and central Europe from the 15th century until the middle of the 18th century.
sucuruju: An anaconda.
swankpot: A show-off.
sunderer: One who sunders.
studwork: Upright timbers forming the framework of a wall.
studwork: An arrangement of studs.
A-B loop: The looping of a subsection of audio or video material.
zecchine: Alternative form of zecchino (gold coin)
sumpweed: Iva annua, annual marsh elder, a North American herbaceous annual plant in the sunflower family.
sumpweed: Chorisiva nevadensis
keystore: A storage area for cryptographic keys.
stegodon: Any member of the extinct genus Stegodon, related to modern elephants; a stegodont.
yakshini: A female yaksha.
swaddler: One who swaddles.
swaddler: A blanket used for swaddling a baby.
swaddler: Synonym of souper (“Catholic who converted to Protestantism to receive food aid”)
dopp kit: Alternative form of Dopp kit
coatigan: A garment that is a hybrid of a coat and a cardigan.
creolity: Alternative spelling of Creolity
Creolity: Synonym of Creoleness
orthesis: An orthopedic prothesis
filensin: A fibrous protein present in the lens of the eye
atlasing: The creation of a (texture) atlas
urbexing: The exploration of man-made, particularly urban, environments.
Bantuist: A linguist who specialises in studying Bantu languages.
perillyl: The univalent radical derived from perillyl alcohol
prolarva: An undeveloped larva that lacks a mouth
preplate: The structure, located near the pia, that develops into the cortical plate
headring: A band of hair and grass worn on the head by married Zulu men.
windling: A bundle of straw bound together.
pocket T: Synonym of pocket T-shirt
katsudon: A Japanese dish of rice topped with a deep-fried pork cutlet, egg, vegetables, and condiments.
citronyl: Synonym of citren
Hokanist: A proponent of the Hokan language grouping.
Yumanist: A linguist who specialises in studying Yuman languages.
go juice: Alternative form of go-go juice
chitling: Alternative form of chitterling (shirt frill)
chitling: Alternative form of chitterling (intestine used as food)
handicam: A hand-held camcorder.
chelitis: Misspelling of cheilitis.
cavogram: An angiogram of the vena cava
hemiloop: Half of a loop, especially of the bowel.
foilsman: A person who fights with a foil, or thin sword.
twintail: A variety of goldfish with the tail divided into two parts.
twintail: Either of a pair of pigtails in the hair.
planckon: A Planck particle.
stamfort: haberject
lichanos: In ancient musical theory, the upper of the two movable notes between the hypate and mese, the lower being the parhypate.
searuffe: Alternative form of sea ruffe, used especially in compound terms.
lobstick: A traditional marker found in the Boreal Forests of Canada, created by removing the middle or lower branches of a coniferous tree.
lopstick: Alternative form of lobstick
lopgrass: The grass Bromus hordeaceus.
lowlifer: Synonym of lowlife
luxmeter: A light meter
miltonia: Any orchid of the genus Miltonia.
sea-ruff: A sparoid fish of the genus Pagellus, inhabiting most European coasts, including the Mediterranean
mesilate: A salt or ester of an acid CH₄O₃S used especially in pharmaceutical preparations.
noncrony: Not a crony.
beveller: One who bevels.
beveller: A tool or machine used for bevelling.
turnshoe: A kind of leather shoe used during the Middle Ages, assembled inside out and inverted when finished.
kamwarri: A vine of the genus Desmoncus.
gavelman: A tenant liable to tribute.
gamodeme: A set of organisms in which any pair of members can breed together, i.e. exchange gametes to produce fertile offspring.
goosegob: gooseberry
glassman: A person who manufactures glass.
gefuffle: Alternative form of kerfuffle
gongster: One who plays a gong.
goodsire: A grandfather.
rift saw: A circular saw with toothed arms for cutting logs radially.
paximadi: Various forms of Greek rusk, made commonly from barley or chickpea flour, and softened with wine, water or oil before eating.
Neorican: A Puerto Rican who lives in the mainland United States.
narghily: Alternative form of narghile
unwealth: Absence of wealth; poverty.
neckatee: A gorget; a handkerchief worn around a woman's neck.
nargilly: Alternative form of narghile
nizamate: A region ruled over by a nizam.
newshawk: A keen investigative reporter.
helilift: The operation of transporting troops by helicopter.
hiccatee: Alternative form of hicatee
hickatee: Alternative form of hicatee
nabobery: The behaviour of a nabob (generally disparaging).
nabobery: A building frequented by nabobs or characteristic of a nabob.
nabobery: Very wealthy people collectively (generally disparaging).
asplasia: Any of several forms of anemia (erythroblastopenia)
Minerval: A member of the early Bavarian Illuminati, ranking above a novice.
profilee: A person who is profiled.
profilee: A program undergoing profiling.
æthalium: Alternative spelling of aethalium
aëroport: Obsolete spelling of aeroport
sarugaku: A form of Japanese theater popular during the 11th to 14th centuries.
idocaine: Misspelling of lidocaine.
pet rock: A rock one keeps and cares for as if it were a pet, often purchased as a novelty item and jokingly treated as having needs like those of a living animal.
run-rate: Alternative form of runrate
bioorgan: A synthetic organ (of the body) manufactured from biological material
lorisoid: Any loris or galago of the superfamily Lorisoidea
vortexor: Alternative form of vortexer
aviremic: Such a person / patient
barghast: Alternative spelling of barghest
begining: Misspelling of beginning.
aquafact: A boulder worn by running water that is too large to be rolled as a pebble, worn smooth on the upstream or seaward side and exposed top and with a sharp ridge on the downstream or landward side.
risk off: Alternative form of risk-off
risk-off: A mode of investment behavior in which investors shift high-risk investments to low-risk investments.
retester: A repeat tester
ur-ocean: A primordial ocean
ur-ocean: Panthalassa
bug-word: A term intended to irritate or vex somebody.
xabbatog: In Tibetan cuisine, dough stuffed with shredded turnips and dry curd cheese and cooked with bone soup.
paeanism: Alternative form of peanism
berberin: Archaic form of berberine.
spray-on: Any substance that is applied to a surface by spraying.
metacoxa: The coxa of the hind leg of an arthropod
myophore: The point of attachment of a muscle to the shell of a mollusc
megainin: Misspelling of magainin.
hocchiku: Alternative form of hotchiku
hunkerer: One who hunkers or squats.
cool box: Alternative spelling of coolbox
bak choy: Alternative spelling of bok choy
seatment: The location where a person, facility, or community is established; settlement.
seatment: The act or manner in which something has been seated; placement.
seatment: The location or facilities provided for someone or something to be seated in.
seatment: The act of sitting.
video CD: A CD containing digital video data according to the White Book standard.
gawkling: One who is awkward or gawky
iceboard: the equipment used in the sport of iceboarding, a board (deck) with four blades attached to skateboard trucks and used the same manner as a skateboard. Larger versions with an attached sail to the middle are used for propulsion along the large area ice's surface, also call ice windsurfing.
cryptdin: Any of a group of mouse enteric defensins
metastep: A step of a metadynamics simulation
foretale: An account or telling given as an introduction to a larger body of work; prologue; a prior or previous recollection or account of events
foretale: An account given in advance; prediction
monactin: A form of nonactin.
monactin: A monactine-containing sponge.
fewterer: Alternative spelling of feuterer
webshite: A bad website.
sextopia: A sexual utopia.
coomasie: Misspelling of coomassie.
ruffmans: Woods, hedges or bushes.
rockstop: A padded disk placed under the endpin of a cello or string bass, to keep the instrument in place without damaging the floor.
tarsioid: A tarsier or extinct relative; any member of the infraorder Tarsiiformes
pie iron: An electrical device for making sandwiches.
sidecast: Debris left next to a construction site from sidecasting.
sidecast: A mode of using a suction dredge that sidecasts the material that is dredged up using a pipeline to the bank or by jetting.
sidecast: A type of reel with a spool that rotates on a fixed base through 90 degrees to allow sidecasting.
sidecast: A calculation or figure that is listed in a table beside a drawing that gives a value which cannot be read directly from the drawing.
Ediphone: An early recording device for dictation, using wax cylinders as a medium.
dunnione: The orthoquinone 2,3,3-trimethyl-2H-benzo[g][1]benzofuran-4,5-dione that is a naturally-occurring insecticide
PMN cell: granulocyte
angeloyl: A univalent radical formally derived from angelic acid by removal of the hydroxyl group
dog flap: A doggie door.
pet flap: A pet door.
SPINA-GT: The secretory capacity of the thyroid (if calculated with the structure parameter inference approach).
carve-up: The act or instance of dishonestly prearranging the result of a competition.
carve-up: The distribution of something, as of money or booty.
dulzaina: A Spanish double reed musical instrument in the oboe family.
cytomics: The study of cytomes
aryballo: Alternative form of aryballos
tepetate: A soil type found in volcanic regions, known for hardness, poor drainage, and poor fertility.
hemipons: Either the left or right half of the pons
cheniere: Alternative form of chenier
vaccaria: Any pink of the genus Vaccaria.
euphonia: Any of the birds of the genus Euphonia.
euphonia: euphony
weregoat: A shapeshifter who can assume the form of a goat.
work dog: A working dog; a dog breed created to perform specific tasks (e.g. herding).
mascotry: The practice of using or being a mascot.
chymical: Obsolete form of chemical.
chaiwala: Alternative spelling of chaiwallah
niaproof: Any of a range of anionic surfactants
geek-out: Alternative form of geekout
Remoaner: A Remainer; one who complains about or rejects the outcome of the 2016 referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
bank run: An event where many depositors of one or more banks withdraw money from their bank accounts within a short time, causing the banks concerned to become unstable.
sliphead: An extra strap on a bridle to hold the snaffle bit.
kangling: A Tibetan Buddhist ritual trumpet made from a human femur or tibia.
Remainer: Someone who supports the United Kingdom remaining within the European Union.
lazy-bed: a ridge of ground generally used for growing potatoes and sometimes also for raising corn, the seed being laid on the surface and covered with earth dug out of trenches along both sides
suck-out: Alternative form of suck out
campagus: A Roman military boot.
jailmate: An acquaintance in prison; a person imprisoned at the same time.
hallaloo: An outcry or uproar; a hullabaloo.
red band: A trusty; a trusted prisoner given special privileges.
spamtrap: A honeypot used to collect spam.
supercup: Alternative form of super cup
bearness: The quality of being a bear.
nucleant: A particle or surface feature which triggers the nucleation of another substance.
taxotere: Synonym of docetaxel
xylocain: Alternative form of xylocaine
Kabardin: A member of the Kabarda people.
eurytele: A form of nematocyst shaft that is dilated at its extremity.
flu shot: A vaccination against seasonal influenza.
trickler: An outlet in the microtubing used in drip irrigation.
nanomold: A nanosize mold used to make nanoparticles
oxetanyl: A univalent radical derived from oxetane
rosamine: Any of a class of fluorone dyes related to rhodamine but lacking a carboxylic acid group on the attached benzene ring
metretes: Synonym of metrete
decaging: Removal from a cage structure
angiport: A narrow road passing between two houses or a row of houses, or an alley leading to a single house.
samskara: Alternative form of sanskara
immonium: Any of a class of cations, of the general formula R-CH=NH₂⁺, typically derived from amino acids
alliacol: Any of a group of sesquiterpene lactones found in the basidiomycete Marasmius alliaceus
Patriots: The New England Patriots, a professional American football team based in the Greater Boston region.
winggirl: A wingwoman, especially a young one.
xiamycin: Any of a group of pentacyclic indole-sesquiterpenoids isolated from Streptomyces.
BK virus: A virus very similar to JC virus, ubiquitous and rarely causing disease in healthy people but creating urogenital problems in the immunosuppressed.
Trash-80: A TRS-80 microcomputer.
arsenazo: Any of a small group of azo dyes, having arsenic acid groups, that are sensitive to calcium, hafnium and similar metals
Armatole: Alternative letter-case form of armatole.
pentenol: Any of several isomeric derivatives of pentanol having a single carbon-carbon double bond
Manipuri: A member of a particular ethnic group of South Asia.
2,4-DNPH: Abbreviation of 2 and 4-dinitrophenylhydrazine.
codopant: Any of two or more dopants applied at the same time
amicetin: A particular antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces
flatband: A horizontal part of the band diagram of a semiconductor at which there is no voltage drop across it
ab crack: The vertical ridge visible between a person's abdominal muscles, when highly toned.
desister: A person who desists.
witchert: Alternative form of wychert
gemsmith: A maker or worker of gems; a jeweler
diketide: Any compound that has two ketide groups
A/B test: An instance of A/B testing.
grandcat: A cat owned by one's child, having a status comparable to a grandchild.
sluthole: Anus; vagina.
sluthole: Jerk, asshole; something or someone contemptible.
Graecian: Obsolete spelling of Grecian Alternative form of Græcian
moderacy: The quality of being moderate.
tsoureki: Alternative form of tsourekia
caul fat: The fatty, transparent serous membrane that covers the intestines of cows, sheep, and pigs, often used as a casing for sausages and other meat dishes.
arm pump: Chronic exertional compartment syndrome of the forearm.
strawhat: Alternative form of straw hat
shroudie: Someone who believes in the authenticity of the Shroud of Turin.
red lynx: A bobcat (Lynx rufus).
formroom: Alternative form of form room
whoreman: An adulterer
whoreman: A pimp
ferulary: schoolmastership
triglyme: The dimethyl ether of triethylene glycol
nanohoop: A nanoscale hoop, typically constructed from linked benzene rings.
lumpsome: Misspelling of lump sum.
stannene: Alternative form of stanene
zincwork: metalwork done in zinc.
sapræmia: Alternative form of sapraemia
aquabics: Synonym of water aerobics
bolaform: Synonym of bolaamphiphile
benzoxyl: The univalent radical, C₆H₅COO-, derived from benzoic acid
circulin: An antibiotic cyclic peptide produced by Bacillus circulans.
blankout: A temporary loss of memory, consciousness, etc.
Steinway: A piano made by Steinway & Sons, an American-German piano company founded in 1853.
confinee: a person confined; a person held in confinement.
shedista: A low-budget independent winemaker.
Cohenite: A fan of the musician Leonard Cohen.
dildon't: A poor-quality dildo.
eggnancy: The condition of being eggnant.
minibody: An antibody fragment that has biological activity
sneakage: The situation where gases carrying dust bypass the active electrode system of an electrostatic precipitator.
disialyl: Two sialyl groups in a molecule
smexting: Sending SMS messages while smoking in the designated outdoor areas.
heatplot: Synonym of heat map
sulfamyl: The univalent radical H₂N-SO₂-
Dharmist: An adherent to Dharmism.
e-basket: The basket of an online shop, where a user's purchases are displayed before checkout.
pity pot: A notional potty or chamber pot on which a person is said to sit if they are exhibiting self-pity.
sonifier: A device for subjecting a sample to sonic waves.
Dharmism: A belief system, historically originating in South Asia, based on the core concept of dharma.
Madrassi: Alternative form of Madrasi
streamie: A consumer who frequently listens to, views and interacts with streaming media on the Internet.
streamie: A little stream.
nanoleaf: A nanoscale leaf (part of a larger structure) that converts wind and solar energy into electricity
guapinol: Synonym of courbaril (“South American tree”)
docblock: A specially formatted comment in source code, used to document a specific segment of the code.
sharklet: A small or young shark.
sharklet: An Airbus-branded blended winglet design.
watchcat: A cat that fulfils the duties of a watchdog.
slanhood: The state of being a science fiction fan.
glycinyl: A univalent radical derived from (the amino group of) glycine
lariatin: Any of a group of antimycobacterial lasso peptides produced by Rhodococcus
fishfeed: Alternative form of fish feed
fishfood: Alternative form of fish food
POW camp: Synonym of prisoner-of-war camp
imbabala: A bushbuck (Tragelaphus sylvaticus), one of two species, ranging more into southern and eastern Africa than the other species, the harnessed bushbuck
big shop: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see big, shop.
big shop: A large, regular purchase of groceries; as opposed to ad hoc or impulse purchases.
bookstop: A bookend.
shanzhai: Imitation and trademark infringing brands and goods, particularly electronics made in China.
ironsand: a type of sand with a high iron content, found on many west coast beaches in New Zealand, as well as elsewhere.
tea bowl: A bowl used for preparing and drinking tea.
twinsome: A group of two, especially two twins
haku lei: A lei (Hawaiian flower garland) worn on the head.
me-tooer: A follower or imitator; one who does or says the same as somebody else.
berliner: Alternative letter-case form of Berliner (“filled pastry”)
weaklink: Part of a permissive-action link that is deliberately designed to fail before the safety device in the event of damage, ensuring that the weapon is not accidentally activated.
bination: In the Catholic Church, the offering up of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass twice on the same day by the same celebrant.
gangsome: A large organised pool of golfers made up of multiple smaller groups or foursomes; a group of golfers larger than a fivesome playing together
occlusor: A muscle that closes an opening.
tangoist: One who dances the tango.
tartanry: kitsch elements of Scottish culture, emphasized by the tourist industry
returnal: Synonym of return
plenolin: A sesquiterpenoid lactone found in Helenium autumnale.
squiress: The wife of a squire.
stembuck: Alternative form of stembok
stenlock: Alternative form of sillock
koorhaan: Alternative form of korhaan
streeker: One who lays out a dead body; a professional attendant of the dead
strewage: Material that is strewn around.
subsider: A vessel in which clarification occurs; a clarifier.
pill-box: Alternative form of pillbox
steelman: A steelworker.
steelman: A stronger version of an argument that one is about to critically analyze.
icestone: cryolite
isopodan: An isopod.
waldhorn: A French horn.
isograph: A line indicating the geographical boundaries within which a particular feature of a written script is used.
watchbox: A sentry hut.
whitepot: An early form of bread and butter pudding, made with bone marrow or butter.
wirricow: Alternative form of worricow
worricow: An imp or hobgoblin.
worricow: Anything frightful or grotesque.
weephole: A small opening for drainage.
wrapover: A portion of a garment that wraps over another portion.
wrapover: A garment having a portion that wraps over another portion.
wormroot: Synonym of wormgrass
bitscore: A normalised numerical score used to determine the similarity of two lists.
bitarray: An array (or list) of bits (representing Boolean variables)
nomadity: The state or condition of being a nomad.
scripton: A segment of DNA or RNA that is under the control of a single autonomous promotor. A single scripton may encode multiple cistrons involving separate terminators.
scripton: An unbroken sequence of textons within a hypertext or other dynamic text as it appears to the reader.
pin mill: A mill that comminutes materials by the action of pins that repeatedly move past each other.
adæquacy: adequacy
freesome: A free and open pairing among individuals, usually for casual sex; a free for all
sealight: Alternative form of sea-light
sealight: Light from the sea.
sealight: Alternative form of sea-light
sealight: A light on the seacoast to warn or guide boats.
sememics: The study of sememes.
triadist: One who believes in a triad.
triadism: Belief in a triad.
lipsalve: Alternative form of lip salve
wheelpit: A pit in the ground, in which the lower part of a flywheel runs.
crackler: That which crackles.
tubework: An assemblage of tubes.
leptosin: A polycyclic glycoside found exclusively in manuka honey
topmaker: A person or company in the business of topmaking.
galangin: A flavanol, 3,5,7-trihydroxy-2-phenylchromen-4-one, found in some types of galangal
tongster: A tongman.
turbocar: A motor car powered by a gas turbine.
tweedler: One who tweedles.
tulipant: A turban.
toeplate: A metal plate used to strengthen the front portion of the sole of a shoe.
turgency: The state or quality of being turgent.
aerobomb: A bomb dropped from an aircraft.
assegaai: Alternative form of assegai
semiurgy: The production of new meanings by the creation of new signs; the expansion of the semiosphere.
gammoner: A thief's accomplice who distracts the victim while the thief steals.
acquiral: The process of acquiring something; acquisition.
mungaree: food
airscape: The view of the sky, or an artistic work that visually represents it.
bailbond: Alternative form of bail bond
bandster: A worker who ties corn into sheaves.
Zuluness: The quality or state of being Zulu.
banksman: The person who directs the operation of a crane or larger vehicle from the point near where loads are attached and detached.
orphanin: Synonym of nociceptin
mythonym: An eponym originating in mythology.
galamsey: A local artisanal gold miner in Ghana.
galamsey: Illegal, small-scale gold mining in Ghana.
sprankle: A contrasting part that makes something more interesting and attractive.
overlier: A piece that overlies or overlaps.
muramoyl: A univalent radical derived from muramic acid by removal of the hydroxyl group
yuanyang: A pair of mandarin ducks, one male and one female, as a symbol of faithful union.
yuanyang: Synonym of yuenyeung
outflush: A sudden glow of heat.
ebontree: ebony wood
lammiger: A lame person; a cripple.
Toby jug: A pottery jug in the form of a seated man wearing a tricorn hat and holding a mug of beer.
lechayim: A toast
biotinol: A derivative of biotin in which the carboxylic acid is replaced by an alcohol (-CH₂OH group)
biotinyl: A univalent radical derived from biotin
carpaine: A macrolide antibiotic, (1S,11R,13S,14S,24R,26S)-13,26-dimethyl-2,15-dioxa-12,25-diazatricyclo[22.2.2.211,14]triacontane-3,16-dione, found in Carica papaya
Ho-Chunk: A member of the Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin, a Native American tribe that was formerly part of the Winnebago.
dolichyl: A univalent radical derived from dolichol
yoga mat: A nonslip mat used to prevent the hands and feet from slipping while practising the asanas in yoga.
killshot: The killing impact of anything projected.
eryvarin: Any of a group of flavonoids based on 9-methoxy-10-(3-methyl-2-buten-1-yl)-6H-[1]benzofuro[3,2-c]chromen-3-ol
lituolid: Any foraminifer in the family Lituolidae.
crapsack: A worthless or despicable person.
unfilter: The lack or absence of a filter
unfilter: A filterless cigarette
swim-off: A special swimming race in which the winner gets to compete in the next level of trials (typically the finals), where the competitors have not qualified for the next level by the usual elimination races.
swim-off: The start of a period, in which the two teams try to reach the ball placed in the centre of the pool.
uvarinol: A cytotoxic tribenzylated flavanone isolated from Uvaria
desiness: The quality of being desi, or belonging of the South Asian diaspora.
kanzonol: Any of a group of tyrosols found in licorice
butanoyl: A univalent radical derived from butanoic acid
eyeshape: The shape of an eye, or an item made to cover or surround an eye.
cantline: Alternative form of contline
bush rat: Any of various rat-sized rodents and marsupials, especially local species of Rattus.
overstow: The cargo stowed on top of another cargo.
overstow: Such situation or condition.
rock rat: Certain members of the subfamily Murinae in the family Muridae, those in:
rock rat: Zyzomys, an Australian genus
rock rat: Certain members of the subfamily Murinae in the family Muridae, those in:
rock rat: Aethomys, of Africa
rock rat: Petromyscus, a southwestern African genus in the subfamily Petromyscinae of the family Nesomyidae (more frequently referred to as rock mice)
rock rat: Aconaemys, a genus in Argentina and Chile, of the family Octodontidae:
rock rat: Aconaemys, a genus in Argentina and Chile, of the family Octodontidae
rock rat: Petromus, an African genus often called dassie rats, of the family Petromuridae
rock rat: Laonastes, a genus from Laos, of the family Diatomyidae
nimbidin: A mixture of tetranortriterpenes that is the bitter principle of neem
zemidjan: A motorcycle taxi found in Benin.
faulkner: Obsolete form of falconer.
carework: Work that involves caring for others, whether paid or not.
e-beggar: Synonym of cyberbeggar
scribler: Obsolete form of scribbler.
delurker: One who delurks.
tuberine: An alkaloid, 2-[(2S,5R)-5-[(1R)-2-[4-(2-benzamidoethyl)phenoxy]-1-hydroxyethyl]-5-methyloxolan-2-yl]propan-2-yl acetate, found in Haplophyllum tuberculatum (possibly Haplophyllum vermiculare or other species of Haplophyllum)
cabinent: Misspelling of cabinet.
uridinyl: A univalent radical derived from uridine.
uridinyl: A uridinyl group.
gag reel: A compilation of outtakes, i.e. amusing mistakes or accidents recorded during regular filming.
buy side: The sector of the finance industry that assists investors and investing institutions in purchasing products from the sell side.
buy side: A model of e-commerce in which an institution uses a software application to electronically streamline the purchasing process.
geochart: A map of a country, continent, or region with charts or chart elements assigned to specific areas.
airhouse: An inflatable mobile shelter.
root fly: Delia radicum, the cabbage fly, a pest on crops.
drystack: dry-stone construction
subimage: A subset of an image
amblosis: abortion (termination of pregnancy)
indigine: Alternative form of indigene
veinulet: A venule or veinlet.
dead-eye: Alternative spelling of deadeye
aquabike: Synonym of jet ski
aquabike: Synonym of water bicycle
aquabike: Synonym of waterbike
midshank: The middle of a shank
wip mill: A kind of post mill whose main post is bored to take a driveshaft, so that the mill can drive machinery in the base or roundhouse.
preswing: The part of a gait In which weight is removed from a limb prior to it being swung forward.
moneyism: The system of using money to make decisions.
fat bike: A bicycle equipped with larger than normal tyres and a wider frame to accommodate them, which provides better traction on off-road surfaces such as sand or snow.
snobscat: A cobbler; a person who repairs shoes.
fieldmap: Alternative form of field map
japalura: Any lizard of the genus Japalura.
mimosite: A melanocratic basaltic rock.
mimosite: A form of undersaturated picobasalt.
pfenning: Alternative form of pfennig
schoenus: An ancient unit of length and area based on the knotted cords first used in Egyptian surveying.
sloppery: Messiness.
sloppery: Careless imprecision.
sloppery: Lack of clear-headedness; fuzzy thinking.
sloppery: Watery unappetizing food; gruel.
sloppery: A low-class drinking establishment.
sloppery: Anything that is sloppy.
amakweta: An abakwetha.
cavalery: Obsolete form of cavalry.
cavalery: cavalier, courtly gentleman
abakweta: Alternative form of abakwetha
slimeway: The track of slime connecting the spindle cells of certain slime moulds, composed of extracellular matrix.
diazinyl: A univalent radical derived from a diazine
propwash: Alternative form of prop wash
imploder: A person who directs their anger inward.
imploder: A device used to create underwater shock waves by causing water to rush into a region of low pressure.
imploder: A weapon or other device that causes implosion.
exoearth: Any earthlike exoplanet
tank car: A railroad car or rolling stock designed to transport liquids or gases.
Nigerois: A Nigerien; a person from Niger.
misfirer: One who misfires.
meokbang: Alternative form of mukbang
Duracell: A battery of the Duracell brand.
rarepair: A ship that generally receives little attention from fans and has few associated fanworks.
chummage: The lodging of several people in a single apartment.
chummage: A fee paid by a prisoner to be able to lodge in shared rooms within a prison.
ciminite: Synonym of arsoite
jasmolin: Either of two pyrethrin compounds: jasmolin I (chemical formula C₂₁H₃₀O₃) or jasmolin II (C₂₂H₃₀O₅).
clackbox: Alternative form of clack box
coalball: Alternative form of coal ball
cocobola: Alternative form of cocobolo (tropical hardwood)
cocobola: Alternative form of cocobolo (old coin)
copperah: Archaic form of copra.
corocoro: A bird, the green ibis, Mesembrinibis cayennensis.
cowinner: A joint winner; somebody who is declared a winner along with somebody else.
Countyan: Alternative form of Countian
croceine: Alternative form of crocein
cryogeny: cryogenics
perionyx: The epidermis bordering a nail.
virocell: Any cell, infected by a virus, whose primary function is to produce virions
calorist: A scientist who favoured the caloric theory, dealing with the hypothetical medium of heat.
caillach: Alternative form of cailleach
calathea: Any of the genus Calathea of plants belonging to the family Marantaceae.
cardamum: Archaic form of cardamom.
crab oil: Synonym of carap oil
cardecue: An old French coin worth one quarter of an écu.
carrotin: Alternative form of carotin
canephor: Alternative form of canephora
cascable: Alternative form of cascabel (knob at end of cannon)
cartroad: A road for the driving of carts.
centoism: Alternative form of centonism
centoist: One who compiles a cento, or collection of writings by various authors.
centonel: Obsolete form of sentinel.
chayroot: Alternative form of chay root
chauntry: Obsolete form of chantry.
ceresine: Alternative form of ceresin
cheatery: Cheating; fraud.
acetoxyl: The acetate group, CH₃COO-, when viewed as a substituent
alkenoyl: The acyl radical of an alkenoic acid
alkyloxy: Alternative form of alkoxy
allyloxy: any univalent radical R-O where R is an allyl group and O is an oxygen atom
cryolife: Life in a cryogenic environment.
skid car: A car with a frame on casters attached to it (a skid frame), which lowers the effective weight of the car on its tires, allowing easy skids, simulating aquaplaning and driving on ice
skid car: A car used in skid plate racing (skid car racing) where a front-wheel-drive four-wheeled car has its rear wheels replaced by skid plates
nursebot: A robot that carries out nursing.
feterita: A kind of sorghum.
federacy: A form of government where one or several substate units enjoy considerably more independence than the majority.
filariid: Any member of the family Filariidae of worms.
dextrine: Dated form of dextrin.
Brexodus: The departure of people or companies from the UK due to Brexit.
chromist: Any alga of the taxon Chromista.
headpost: A bedpost at the head of a bed.
blacktag: A hashtag used by, or in support of, the black community.
anionite: An anionic ion exchange resin
vicarate: The territory for which a vicar is responsible.
footpost: A bedpost at the foot of a bed.
footpost: A messenger who travels on foot.
footrule: A ruler that measures in feet.
frondage: The fronds of plants generally.
highline: An elevated slackline; a slackline which is mounted across a deep drop; a slackline that is strung up high.
catshank: A type of knot which is useful for shortening a rope or taking up slack.
azaacene: Any compound based on an acene in which one or more carbon atoms (normally a >CH group) is replaced by a nitrogen atom
indolone: Synonym of oxindole
prouerbe: Obsolete spelling of proverb
totemite: A member of a totemic group; a totemist.
filister: Alternative form of fillister
totalist: A proponent of totalism.
tricklet: A little trickle.
metrogon: A kind of high-resolution, low-distortion, extra-wide photographic lens with a 90-degree field of view.
trishula: Alternative form of trisula
loaf pan: A rectangular baking pan used to bake foods such as bread and meatloaf into a loaf shape.
pukeball: A term of abuse.
trollius: Any of the genus Trollius of mostly herbaceous perennial plants in the family Ranunculaceae.
twangler: One who makes a twangling sound.
turf ski: A kind of short ski on wheels, like a roller skate, that can be used on grass.
nucleide: Alternative form of nuclide
subbatch: A batch that forms part of a larger batch.
subniche: A niche making up part of a larger niche.
subtunic: An undertunic.
surnamer: antonomasia (use of a proper name to suggest a quality)
Swingism: Opposition by agricultural labourers to new machinery that could put them out of work.
sufficer: A person who aims to be self-sufficient rather than to accumulate further wealth.
splittee: A person who left the Synanon organization.
syncarpy: The quality of being syncarpous
swizzler: A swizzle stick.
eco-home: An ecologically friendly home.
Saraguro: A member of the Saraguro people of Ecuador.
azoarene: Any azo derivative of an arene
batonnet: A piece of vegetable cut into the shape of a small stick
precepit: Obsolete form of precept.
precaval: A precaval vein.
prerinse: A rinse in advance.
handplay: Hand-to-hand combat.
handplay: In the game of skat, the playing of one's hand without using the skat.
havocker: A person who causes havoc.
homuncle: Obsolete form of homunculus.
pretaste: A taste taken beforehand.
hubbuboo: A hubbub; a noisy disturbance.
horseway: A crude road for travellers on horseback, or for horses in an underground mine.
hawkbell: A small round metal bell used in falconry, attached to the leg of the bird.
huaquero: A graverobber in parts of Latin America.
pretween: A child in this age group.
spekkoek: A spiced Indonesian layer cake.
dicesium: Alternative form of dicaesium
icestorm: Alternative form of ice storm
oxytrope: Synonym of locoweed.
bisazene: Any compound that has two azene groups
navratna: Any of group of nine public-sector undertakings in India.
chinesin: Any of a group of phloroglucinol derivatives isolated from Hypericum japonicum (syn. Hypericum chinense).
fenchene: The bicyclic hydrocarbon 7,7-dimethyl-3-methylidenebicyclo[2.2.1]heptane
jaconnet: Alternative form of jaconet
poeticks: Obsolete form of poetics.
skin-tag: Alternative form of skin tag
slipface: The lee face of a sand dune where the surface is at the angle of repose for sand (33–35°).
gnostick: Obsolete form of gnostic.
rum popo: Alternative form of rompopo
pyrazolo: A radical derived from a pyrazole
chromeno: A radical derived from chromene
propynyl: A univalent radical derived from propyne
enedione: Any dione (diketone) in which the two carbonyl groups are separated by a double bond
indazolo: Any univalent radical derived from indazole
fishwort: Houttuynia cordata, a herbaceous perennial plant sometimes used as a herb.
ostridge: Obsolete form of ostrich.
ketamide: Alternative form of ketoamide
ketamide: Synonym of cetrimide
pegamine: An amine derived from polyethylene glycol (PEG)
pentynyl: A univalent radical derived from a pentyne
parylene: A polymer of p-xylene
perester: The ester of a peracid
braggard: Uncommon form of braggart.
anafront: A warm or cold front at which there is upward movement of the warm-sector air above the cold-sector air, commonly producing clouds and precipitation on the cool side of the boundary.
mutility: deformity, defectivity
veganity: The state of being a vegan.
hypolith: A plant that lives underneath rocks, usually in climatically extreme deserts.
mint par: The monetary unit of a country stated in terms of the monetary unit of a second country which uses the same metallic standard.
nudiness: The state, quality, or condition of being nudy
pyrazino: A pyrazinyl radical as a substituent
soyabean: Alternative form of soya bean
draftman: Alternative form of draftsman
kangkong: Water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica), grown for food in parts of Southeast Asia.
thymidyl: A univalent radical derived from thymidine by loss of a hydroxy group
triazolo: A triazole moiety as a substituent
zymo-xyl: A Partchian xylophone augmented with everyday articles such as bottles and hubcaps.
polymesh: polygon mesh
beweeper: One who beweeps or laments someone or something.
maithuna: tantric sexual union
sullabub: Obsolete spelling of syllabub.
vacutome: An electrodermatome that raises the skin by suction prior to taking a skin graft
vaccinum: An immunogen, consisting of a suspension of weakened or dead pathogenic cells, injected in order to stimulate the production of antibodies
Duckburg: A small, rural, or provincial town.
yam bean: A tropical vine, Pachyrhizus erosus, grown for its crisp, starchy edible root, the jicama.
yam bean: Any of the plants in the genus Pachyrhizus, including several similar cultivated species.
eigenray: A ray that has a specific destination
drinkery: A place where alcoholic drinks are served; a public house.
Baianist: A supporter of Baianism.
codelist: A list of codes.
paranoea: Obsolete form of paranoia.
withwine: Alternative form of withwind
circloid: A variant of a cycloid being the locus of a point on a circle that rolls around another circle
wildfeed: Alternative form of wild feed
sublocus: A subsidiary locus
arsenene: An allotrope of arsenic that has a two-dimensional structure similar to graphene
relaxion: A form of axion proposed to account for cosmological relaxation of the electroweak interaction
godwoman: A charismatic female guru.
Elmering: The provision of personal guidance and assistance to ham radio enthusiasts
subsheaf: A subset of a sheaf
wirestem: Alternative form of wire stem
coplayer: A person who plays (in all senses) with another
wereboar: A shapeshifter who can assume the form of a boar.
Kopimism: A pseudoreligious group, founded in Sweden in 2010, claiming that copying information is a sacred virtue and that file sharing should not be restricted by law.
vierbein: Synonym of tetrad
kilohour: One thousand hours. Symbol: khrs.
pumicite: A fine-grained pumice-like volcanic ash.
latfield: lattice field
Japanime: Synonym of anime; Japanese animated cartoons.
platicon: A flat-top dissipative solitonic pulse
rockwool: Inorganic material resembling fiber, used primarily for insulation and soundproofing.
rockwool: A horticultural growing medium made from natural ingredients, usually including basalt rock and chalk.
improval: improvement
proenzym: Archaic form of proenzyme.
aatheist: A person who does not believe in the existence of atheists.
risetime: The time taken for a wave to rise from the baseline to the peak
air-duct: Alternative form of air duct
cartpole: An inverted pendulum whose pivot point can be moved along a track to maintain balance
fooforaw: Alternative form of foofaraw
linkfarm: Alternative form of link farm
foreglow: The glow of light appearing in the sky preceding sunrise
overglow: The glow of light appearing above or surrounding an object; halation
overglow: The state of excessive glowing.
yeorling: The yellowhammer.
duoverse: A dual universe
pit pony: A pony that works underground in a coal mine.
Swarfega: A heavy-duty gelatinous, thixotropic substance used to clean grease and oil, etc. from the skin.
Nixonite: A supporter of Richard Nixon (1913–1994), 37th president of the United States.
wood tar: Tar produced by destructive distillation of wood.
nanodrum: A nanoscale drum
Mannlein: Alternative spelling of Männlein.
mannlein: Alternative spelling of Männlein.
männlein: Alternative letter-case form of Männlein.
divestor: Alternative form of divester
Healyite: A supporter of Irish Trotskyist Gerry Healy.
vielbein: A polyad (generalization of vierbein)
enhancon: A type of conifold ring proposed in some forms of supersymmetry.
octonian: Misspelling of octonion.
repulson: A repulsive singularity proposed in some forms of gauge theory
fauxtato: Cauliflower when used as an alternative to potatoes by followers of a low-carbohydrate diet.
postmile: highway location marker
nanozyme: Nanomaterial with enzyme-like characteristics.
bakfiets: A bicycle or tricycle with a long wheelbase between the front wheel and handlebars holding a large box, originally used solely to transport goods but now also commonly for carrying young children.
argonium: A cation (ArH⁺) formed by protonation of an argon atom
bimonoid: A monoid that is also a comonoid
were-elf: A shapeshifter who can assume the form of an elf.
homomesy: The property of a set where all orbit averages are equal to the global average.
triboson: Any particle composed of three bosons
zroupoid: A generalization of a De Morgan algebra that defines a boolean algebra using only implication and a constant.
air line: A pipe or tube supplying air or compressed air.
air line: A railroad following a very flat, straight route between two endpoints in order to minimize travel times, choosing the shortest, most direct route practical even if an easier, cheaper (but longer) route was available.
seminule: A very small seed or spore.
earspoon: A very small spoon used as an earpick.
cubinder: A cubical cylinder (four-dimensional analog of a cylinder)
cubinder: An irregular prism that is square at one end but circular at the other
treetope: A multi-dimensional generalisation of a roofless polyhedron
catslide: Synonym of catslide roof
sweepout: The act or result of sweeping out
unbagger: A machine that removes items from bags.
psilocyn: Alternative form of psilocin
mustacho: Alternative form of mustachio
nanomesa: A nanoscale mesa
boxicity: The minimum dimension in which a graph may be represented as a specific intersection of boxes
waystage: A stage on the way to successfully learning something, especially a foreign language.
SOCRATES: Acronym of site, onset, character, radiation, associations, timecourse, exacerbating and relieving factors, and severity. (of pain)
testcase: Alternative form of test case
polyfold: A metrizable space together with an equivalence class of sc-smooth structures.
gray fox: Urocyon cinereoargenteus, a carnivorous mammal of the family Canidae, ranging throughout most of the southern half of North America.
precover: A generalization of a cover in which the kernal may contain a non-zero pure subgroup.
precover: Something that occurs in preparation for a covering.
downgang: A downhill way, usually a path way.
Bechwana: Alternative form of Bechuana
lemonime: A citrus hybrid of lemon and lime.
anadenia: Insufficiency or lack of glands, especially those of the gastrointestinal system.
blindman: A man who is blind.
freedome: Archaic spelling of freedom.
benefitt: Archaic spelling of benefit.
downlead: The line or lines bringing signals from a receiving antenna to a receiver.
downlead: An electrical cable connecting an outdoor structure to an indoor or in-ground structure.
horodisk: A horocyclic disk
fibering: A fiber ring
marshman: An inhabitant of a marshy area or piece of marshland.
framenet: A semantic frame in the FrameNet project
nanoroad: A nanoscale road (pathway)
pathloss: Alternative form of path loss
properad: A specific type of operad
scandate: Any oxyanion of scandium
campylon: A localized metric perturbation in an intrinsicly curved medium.
hot cell: A shielded chamber built to store highly radioactive substances.
eptaplet: A multiplet of seven related things
pinscape: A two-dimensional lattice.
florette: Alternative spelling of floret
teshuvah: Alternative form of teshuva
axizilla: A heavy form of axion in an extension of the Standard Model
blackbox: Alternative form of black box
subpower: A minor power; Something that has control over a limited domain that falls within the larger domain of a greater power.
subpower: A type of function such that for every exponent a, there is a small integer ε such that for any positive value x less than ε, its image lies between xᵃ and x⁻ᵃ .
subpower: A natural number x, with the property that x = bⁱy for some y that is not multiple of b.
walshnut: walnut
throscid: Any beetle of the family Throscidae.
aphodiid: Any beetle of the subfamily Aphodiinae (family Scarabaeidae).
butenone: The unsaturated aliphatic ketone but-3-en-2-one CH₂=CH-CO-CH₃
boyshort: boyshorts
silent h: A letter ⟨h⟩ that is written but not pronounced.
silent h: non-aspiration of a glottal consonant
dvojnice: Alternative form of diple
substack: A subset of a stack
galareta: Synonym of p'tcha (“calves'-foot jelly”)
coamoeba: The graph of the real part of the logarithms of a polynomial equation under the argument mapping.
stancite: A metastable allotrope of tin
bunchlet: A small bunch.
bunchlet: A very short burst of subatomic particles in the beam of a particle accelerator.
boardman: A person who wears a sandwich board.
Neurosci: Neuroscience (in journal titles such as "J Hist Neurosci" - "Journal of the History of Neuroscience").
masarine: Any wasp in the subfamily Masarinae.
Cologner: A native, resident, or inhabitant of Cologne
meat bee: The yellowjacket.
duty ace: Synonym of Old Frizzle
paunsway: Alternative form of panchway
raftload: Enough to fill a raft.
fat suit: Alternative form of fatsuit
coinslot: Alternative spelling of coin slot
kampilan: A kind of single-edged sword with a tapered blade, traditionally used by various ethnic groups in the Philippines.
bitensor: A tensorial function of pairs of points.
womanity: The female part of humanity.
shackjob: A mistress.
Malaŵian: Alternative spelling of Malawian
schemoid: A generalization of an association scheme from the point of view of small categories.
bitslice: Alternative form of bit slice
permuton: A probability measure Φ on the σ-algebra of Borel sets of the unit square [0,1]² such that Φ has uniform marginals (that is, Φ ([α, β] × [0,1]) = Φ ([0,1] × [α, β]) = β − α for every 0 ≤ α ≤ β ≤ 1).
darkside: The side of something that is in darkness or unlit, or has less illumination.
darkside: The side of something that is metaphorically dark, i.e. evil, distressing or otherwise undesirable; the negative aspect of something.
darkside: Synonym of farside (“the side of a moon that faces away from the planet that it orbits”)
darkside: Synonym of nightside (“the side of a planet that faces away from the sun around which it orbits”)
darkside: A style of electronic music, being a form of hardcore characterized by discordant sounds.
Cyrenean: Alternative form of Cyrenian
torsiton: A quantum of torsional electronic vibration
Woizerit: An unmarried woman in Ethiopia; Miss.
torkance: Alternative form of torquance
emuscene: The subculture or community of people who use emulators to simulate the operation of one computer system on another.
hurtcore: pornographic material depicting actual rape and abuse.
noocracy: Rule by intellect; a government which weds power with intelligence.
subcloud: An atmospheric object smaller than a cloud
subwrite: A partial write operation making up part of a larger one.
downtilt: downward tilt
cord set: A detachable mains cable with connectors moulded to the cord at each end.
codeline: A branch (group of related files) in a source control system.
paradata: Metadata depicting how a data-value was created, altered, or otherwise operated upon.
nanoloop: A nanoscale loop
omu rice: Alternative form of omurice
omu-rice: Alternative form of omurice
preshear: shear applied before another process
subfault: A subsidiary fault
cocenter: The cokernel of a homomorphism.
hooperon: A proposed WIMP dark matter particle
overcone: A morphism from a diagonal overfunctor to the base category of the overcategory.
nut-hook: Alternative form of nuthook
datarati: People with a professional or otherwise profound interest in data, considered as a class; data analysts, statisticians.
war film: A cinematic production with a wartime setting or theme.
tragicus: An intrinsic muscle of the outer ear; a short, flattened vertical band on the lateral surface of the tragus.
somatism: Somatist beliefs generally.
somatism: A word or phrase denoting a body part.
dreibein: Trihedron.
minesite: The place where a mine (excavation) is located.
efolding: Alternative form of e-folding
hexaaqua: Six water molecules surrounding a metal atom in a complex ion
alt left: Alternative form of alt-left
alt-left: A segment of the political left that is prone to conspiracy theories and treating opposition as illegitimate, or is considered authoritarian in some other way.
alt-left: The part of the political spectrum that is considered too left-wing; the extreme or radical left.
flat lad: A craneman working with tubs and flats.
craneman: A crane operator.
craneman: A boy employed to hoist the corves of coals on to the rolleys with the crane.
pub test: A hypothetical test of the social acceptability of something (e.g. a government policy, a certain behaviour) as though by asking the opinions of people drinking in a pub.
bullneck: A bull-necked person.
bullneck: A short and thick neck, like that of a bull.
paradrop: A delivery of goods or equipment by dropping of a parachute
iochroma: Any South-American plant of the genus Iochroma
ear rape: Horrible sounds or music.
ear rape: Delibrately lowered-quality and/or distorted music (i.e. increasing the volume of audio) often for humorous effect.
Leninite: A supporter of Lenin.
jade egg: An egg-shaped device inserted into the vagina in order to strengthen the pelvic muscles.
Earthboy: A young male inhabitant of Earth.
extrance: exit
anti-cap: Abbreviation of anticapitalist.
timelore: the knowledge or study of time; chronology
poshlost: In Russian culture, a negative human character trait, variously defined as petty evil, self-satisfied vulgarity, or obscenity and bad taste.
ballbust: An instance or act of ballbusting
gorbelly: A large, protruding belly.
gorbelly: A person with such a belly.
love-shy: A person, especially a man, who is ineffectual at courtship.
saberage: Alternative form of sabrage
granjeno: Celtis ehrenbergiana, a thorny plant with edible orange berries.
vodanium: A supposed chemical element, afterward found to be a mixture of several metals, such as copper, iron, lead, nickel, etc.
leaf bud: A bud which develops into a leaf or a leafy branch.
naifness: Dated form of naiveness.
chathead: A chat room user.
tectomer: Any of a class of self-assembling compounds composed of two, three or four oligoglycine residues surrounding a central hydrocarbon chain
epicline: The region above a slope or boundary
jennyass: Alternative form of jenny-ass
gatoring: The act of almost completely submerging oneself in water to resemble an alligator
poulsard: A black grape variety from Jura.
savagnin: A variety of green grape from the Jura used to make white wine
quarroms: Alternative spelling of quarrons
edgelord: Someone who tries to appear edgy by doing or saying provocative, controversial, taboo, or offensive things.
jackonet: Alternative form of jaconet
kanpachi: amberjack
kargyraa: A deep form of Tuvan overtone singing
jazz box: Synonym of jazz square
virandah: Dated form of veranda.
scabweed: Raoulia tenuicaulis, a lowland to low-alpine plant forming a bright-green flat mat, roughly circular or ellipsoid, compact in the centre, but very loose and open at the margin.
rajmahal: Alternative form of raajmahal
tear-cat: An overactor.
koa wilt: A disease of the koa tree caused by Fusarium oxysporum fungi, which clog the xylem and cause wilting.
sexdroid: A sexbot.
hoosecow: Alternative form of hoosegow
madstone: A stone believed to have the power to heal the bite of a rabid or venomous animal.
fugelman: Alternative form of fugleman
tympanon: hammered dulcimer
Spocking: The practice of defacing certain editions of the Canadian five-dollar banknote, using ink to alter Sir Wilfrid Laurier's features to resemble the character Spock from Star Trek.
creatard: A creationist.
Dartford: The Dartford warbler (Sylvia undata).
aborgoin: An aboriginal inhabitant; a Native American.
gorbuson: A stupid person; a simpleton; an idiot.
Chianina: A breed of beef cattle from Italy.
gawvison: Alternative spelling of gorbuson
gauvison: Alternative spelling of gorbuson
lanyappe: Alternative spelling of lagniappe.
alt-girl: A subculturally alternative girl.
caffufle: Misspelling of kerfuffle.
cafuffle: Misspelling of kerfuffle.
wetdream: Alternative form of wet dream
gogobera: The kookaburra.
bioclock: biological clock
functoid: A tool that transforms data from one form to another as it is routed from a source to a destination.
art song: A vocal music composition, usually written for one voice with piano accompaniment.
ion trap: Any of several electromagnetic devices used to capture charged particles
Rugbeian: A pupil or alumnus of Rugby School.
chap-hop: A parodic musical genre that blends elements of hip-hop with steampunk and traditional English stereotypes.
answeare: Obsolete spelling of answer
valaunce: Obsolete spelling of valance
beheadee: One who is beheaded.
gamertag: A pseudonym by which an individual playing an online game with others is identified
inrigger: A rowing boat that has oarlocks positioned on the gunwales
lolicore: A subgenre of breakcore that is characterised by heavily distorted and pitch-shifted samples, typically taken from anime, and often inspired by Japanese otaku culture.
sologamy: Marriage to oneself.
chhetrum: Alternative spelling of chetrum
robotess: A robot designated female; a gynoid.
gong bao: Alternative spelling of kung pao
guidress: A female guide.
pandress: A female pander; a procuress.
gai lohn: Alternative form of kailan
soudjouk: Alternative form of sujuk
dropbear: Alternative form of drop bear.
hoofstep: A step taken by an ungulate.
wellcome: Obsolete spelling of welcome
subcross: A hybrid of two hybrids.
subcross: The cross product of two cross products.
subcross: A crosspiece that is below something.
subcross: The cross-reference of a cross-reference.
alloglot: One who speaks a non-native language.
oof-bird: Any source or supplier of money.
self-XSS: A cross-site scripting attack where the attacker uses social engineering to trick the victim into executing the malicious script.
imaamate: Alternative form of imamate
oxylance: Synonym of oxygen lance
old dear: old woman
fit note: A note issued by a doctor, indicating whether the patient is fit to work and under what conditions.
rainfrog: Frogs of genera Eleutherodactylus and Craugastor.
rainfrog: Alternative form of rain frog (Breviceps spp.)
rainfrog: A small green frog.
wotacism: Rare form of rhotacism.
sex tool: The penis.
sex tool: Synonym of sex toy
gynæcium: obsolete typography of gynaecium
leaprosy: Obsolete form of leprosy.
binarchy: Synonym of biarchy.
sevirate: Alternative form of sexvirate: a group of six men.
nabemono: Any of a variety of Japanese hot pot dishes.
truceman: Alternative form of truchman
craftman: Alternative form of craftsman
hushling: a term of endearment
chopette: Synonym of choplet
hot wing: A piece of chicken coated in a spicy sauce.
knob job: An act of fellatio.
trickdom: The world or realm of tricks.
Scouting: Alternative letter-case form of scouting.
Aryanism: The ideological belief in the superiority of a defined Aryan race, particularly as an element of Nazism.
streimel: Alternative form of shtreimel
bona omi: A beautiful man; a handsome man.
paniphal: water caltrop
junk rig: A type of sail rig in which rigid members called battens span the full width of the sail and extend the sail forward of the mast.
girmitya: A descendant of indentured Indian labourers brought to Fiji to work on sugar cane plantations for the European settlers.
Curehead: A fan of the English rock band The Cure.
webguide: A guide published on the World Wide Web; an informative website.
firedoor: Alternative spelling of fire door
Bornuese: A native or inhabitant of Bornu.
stannole: An organotin compound with the formula (CH)₄SnH₂.
show bag: Alternative form of showbag
t-former: Clipping of transformer.
t-former: Clipping of Transformer.
miniramp: A relatively small skateboard ramp.
T-Former: Clipping of Transformer.
T-former: Clipping of Transformer.
pan pipe: Alternative spelling of panpipe
oxdriver: A person who drives or guides an ox or a yoke of oxen
midplace: the centre of a location or the midpoint between two locations
pot-hook: Alternative spelling of pothook
nidology: The study of nests.
xenotech: Clipping of xenotechnology.
wingwang: A penis.
soft toy: A toy made of a soft material, usually stuffed with cotton, straw, beans, or other materials, and typically intended as a plaything for children.
optology: The study of sight.
ice drop: Frozen fruit juice, flavored sugar water or the like, on a stick, of a size to be one serving; a popsicle.
pull-out: Alternative form of pullout.
libspeak: Language used by political liberals; liberalese.
ski-jump: Alternative spelling of ski jump
oarblade: Alternative form of oar blade
tort law: The area of law dealing with wrongful acts, whether intentional or negligent, regarded as non-criminal and unrelated to contracts, which cause injuries and can be remedied in civil courts, usually through the awarding of damages.
tow rope: Alternative spelling of towrope
sumtotal: Alternative form of sum total
sumtotal: Total.
sumtotal: Alternative form of sum total
sumtotal: Entirety.
sumtotal: Alternative form of sum total
sumtotal: Epitome.
inquilab: Misspelling of inqilab.
tabbinet: Archaic form of tabinet.
Aleppoan: Synonym of Aleppine
yoni egg: An oviform object, made from jade or other precious stone, which is inserted into the vagina to strengthen the pelvic floor muscles.
forestep: an initial, previous, or early step; a prior stage or phase in a process or development cycle
authress: Rare form of authoress.
rinatrix: A type of water snake formerly thought to poison water.
wokeness: The quality or state of being woke (aware of social justice issues).
wokeness: The quality or state of being woke (holding left-wing views or attitudes).
skitcher: One who skitches.
areopagy: secret tribunal, conclave
rum baba: Synonym of baba au rhum
game day: The day of a competition, as opposed to practice games.
game day: The day when something important is scheduled to happen.
swap box: A box which is used for exchange of items; individuals put in items that they do not want to have, and other individuals who are in need of such items take them for themselves freely.
rep-tile: A shape that can be dissected into a number of smaller copies of the same shape.
escrowee: A person or organization that holds something in escrow.
manaeesh: Alternative form of manakish
malecide: The killing of evil (as invoked in the Crusades)
ceticide: A killer of whales
Canaiolo: A red Italian wine grape, best known from Tuscany.
mycocide: Synonym of fungicide
famacide: A slanderer or person who destroys another's reputation
pulicide: Alternative form of pulicicide
gonocide: Any material that kills bacteria of the genus Gonococcus.
culicide: Any insecticide that kills mosquitos
coilover: An automobile suspension device consisting of a shock absorber with a coil spring encircling it.
cererium: Archaic form of cerium. (metallic element)
gearknob: A knob that forms the handle for the gear lever on a car with manual transmission.
urheimat: The original homeland of an ethnic group, particularly the speakers of a proto-language; the cradleland.
Jedicide: The killing of Jedi.
cow weed: Synonym of cowbane
hay-cock: a small conical pile of hay, or a heap of hay thrown up in a hayfield while the hay is being cured or awaiting relocation to a barn
flapwort: Any of several liverworts
flapwort: Jamesoniella undulifolia (marsh flapwort)
flapwort: Any of several liverworts
flapwort: Haplomitrium hookeri (Hooker's flapwort)
flapwort: Any of several liverworts
flapwort: Mylia taylorii (Taylor's flapwort)
sand boa: Any of a number of snakes in subfamily Erycinae: genera Charina, Eryx, and Gongylophis
tree boa: A number of arboreal snakes in the family Boidae
tree boa: Any species in the genus Corallus
tree boa: A number of arboreal snakes in the family Boidae
tree boa: The Pacific tree boa, Candoia bibroni
tree boa: A number of arboreal snakes in the family Boidae
tree boa: The Madagascar tree boa, Sanzinia madagascariensis
tree boa: A number of arboreal snakes in the family Boidae
tree boa: The Haitian tree boa, Epicrates gracilis
glossism: A focus on the translated meaning of a word or phrase, ignoring all other linguistic attributes such as syntax and phonology.
doership: The state of being a doer.
logocrat: One who rules by means of words.
tahaarah: Ritual purification in Islam.
S'porean: Abbreviation of Singaporean.
huushuur: Alternative form of khuushuur
pedolith: A surface formation that has undergone one or more pedogenic processes; soil.
gun time: The time it takes to finish a race from when the starter's gun (or other signal) is sounded until crossing the finish line, irrespective of when the competitor actually starts.
bisquick: Pre-mixed baking mix, generally consisting of flour, a shortening and a leavening agent (for quickly making fresh biscuits, pancakes, dumplings, etc).
metabase: Synonym of metadatabase
kinchaku: A traditional Japanese drawstring bag or pouch, worn like a purse or handbag, for carrying around personal possessions.
paranews: Incorrect or dubious news.
abnormie: An abnormal person.
erysimum: A wallflower of the genus Erysimum.
h-system: A convention whereby Esperanto’s circumflex accents (ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ) are replaced by an h after the letter (ch, gh, hh, jh, sh) and the breve (ŭ) is left out entirely (u), for convenience of typing.
x-system: A convention whereby Esperanto’s circumflex accents (ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ, ŭ) are replaced by an x after the non-diacriticked letter (cx, gx, hx, jx, sx, ux), for convenience of typing.
nejayote: Left over water after nixtamalization.
camelier: Someone responsible for driving camels; a cavalryman mounted on a camel.
gay-hate: Dislike or hatred of homosexuals.
downscan: A downward scan.
woundfin: Plagopterus argentissimus, a slender, silvery minnow endemic to the Virgin River of the southwestern United States.
feetwear: Synonym of footwear
onlyhood: the condition of being unique, single, or alone
chūnibyō: Alternative spelling of chuunibyou
jilaabah: Alternative form of djellaba
bhiksuni: Alternative form of bhikkhuni
Northern: a steam locomotive of the 4-8-4 wheel arrangement.
Halligan: Alternative form of halligan; Ellipsis of Halligan bar.
polycarb: polycarbonate
Kennebec: a variety of potato originating in Maine.
khubzism: The repression of political parties, human rights, and the press in Tunisia under President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
labotomy: Misspelling of lobotomy.
bitchdom: the realm or world of bitches; bitches collectively
bitchdom: the state or being a bitch; bitchness
stoneman: A miner who makes excavations in hard strata other than coal.
windroad: Alternative form of wind road
stowbord: Alternative form of stowboard
jerkness: The quality of being jerkish or obnoxious.
wasteman: A person employed to examine the state of the mine workings, to check that they are properly ventilated, and sometimes to build pillars to support the roof in the waste.
wasteman: A loser, bum, degenerate; someone who wastes their life in some manner.
regrower: Something that grows again, or causes to grow again.
hotflash: Alternative form of hot flash
bay tree: A laurel tree.
datetime: A variable or data type that can hold both date and time components.
gobaloon: an oaf or fool
gobaloon: a frightening or terrible thing
gem clip: A small, folded, wire or plastic device used to hold sheets of paper together.
mobilist: A proponent of mobilism.
mobilism: The view that nothing is fixed
mobilism: A theory of the continents being displaced over time, in opposition to fixism
spamblog: A weblog used to disseminate spam, rather than actual original content.
Poleshuk: A member of an ethnic group descended from the people of Polesia.
Polesian: A native or inhabitant of Polesia.
infaller: A particle that falls behind the event horizon, for example into a black hole.
farolito: Small paper lantern, especially in northern New Mexico, United States.
idiotist: One who is idiotist (either sense)
epipelon: The cyanobacteria and eukaryotic algae that live on or in association with fine-grained substrata or sand.
tiankeng: A large sinkhole of a kind found mainly in China.
Montilla: A kind of sweet dessert wine from the Montilla-Moriles region of Spain, made similarly to sherry.
linkware: Software components that can be used for free on the condition that the user links back to the creator's web site.
Crompton: A British Rail Class 33 locomotive.
factfile: A document made up of facts on a particular topic.
jumprock: Any of a number of North American fish in the sucker genus Moxostoma
fireness: The quality or state of being fire.
shaggoth: Alternative form of shoggoth
buntingi: Any of a number of Indonesian species of ricefish in the family Adrianichthyidae
nureongi: A yellow-furred landrace dog native to Korea, where it is often eaten.
put-back: Synonym of go-back (item of merchandise to be placed back on a shelf)
pipiness: The quality of being pipy.
quietive: Something that quietens; a sedative.
pledgeor: Alternative spelling of pledger
poetizer: An inferior poet.
veg-head: A vegetarian or vegan.
shutness: The property of being shut.
kool-aid: Alternative form of Kool-Aid (unquestioned fad or ideology).
Ken doll: A flawlessly handsome (but possibly shallow) young man.
zubrowka: A dry straw-colored liqueur of vodka flavored with herbs, originally from Poland.
Dulcinea: A mistress; a sweetheart.
quintant: An instrument used for measuring angular distance, capable of measuring angles of up to 72 or 144 degrees.
quintant: A fifth of a circle.
babystep: Alternative spelling of baby step
axestone: Alternative form of axstone
semislug: A land gastropod whose shell is too small to retract into, but not vestigial.
geophile: An organism that lives or thrives in soil.
octacube: 24-cell
saxboard: The top strake (edge of the side) of a rowing boat
agrofood: Alternative form of agri-food
infodesk: An information desk.
newsness: The state or quality of being news.
lindwyrm: Alternative form of lindworm
BB cream: A type of facial cosmetic product which provides the benefits of a foundation, moisturizer and sunblock in one.
worktool: Alternative form of work-tool
cigalike: A device for smoking that looks like a cigarette or a cigar.
oil pull: The act or an instance of oil pulling
wellside: The area beside a well.
wellside: The side of a well.
felt pen: Synonym of felt-tip pen.
loculous: Misspelling of loculus.
timeship: A vehicle like a spaceship that travels through time.
queerism: The beliefs and practices of queer people, i.e. those with unconventional sexuality.
tyropita: Alternative form of tiropita
autocuer: A device for the deaf, consisting of a pair of eyeglasses with LEDs attached, used to convert speech into visual patterns for the wearer.
tiropita: A Greek pastry with layers of buttered phyllo, filled with a cheese-egg mixture.
godpappy: A godfather.
Sikhness: The quality of being Sikh.
Jainness: The quality of being Jain.
man-pain: Alternative form of manpain
megamind: A mind that is composed of other minds nested within it.
wenchdom: The domain or world of wenches; wenches collectively
wenchdom: The state or condition of being a wench; wenchhood
foxtress: A physically attractive woman.
ben mort: Good woman.
unracism: Absence or lack of racism
trosseno: Something or someone bad.
doogheno: Something or someone good.
totemics: A design development process that involves thinking of images that serve as metaphors for concepts related to a product or service, such as a rocket to indicate speed.
derbisol: A fictitious drug, sometimes included in academic questionnaires to test the reliability of respondents.
Bryanite: A supporter of William Jennings Bryan (1860–1925), US orator and politician, and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party.
Bryanite: Synonym of Bible Christian.
miniport: A port that uses a lightweight driver that relies on built-in support from the operating system.
foruming: Participation in an Internet forum.
tracrRNA: Initialism of Trans-activating crRNA.
longplay: A full recording of a video game being played from start to completion.
ocnophil: A personality type characterised by avoidance of dangerous of unfamiliar situations, and the reliance on other people for security.
pentahex: A polyhex composed of five hexagons
tetrahex: A polyhex composed of four hexagons
heptahex: A polyhex composed of seven hexagons
northpaw: A right-handed person.
hairlift: Any of various surgical procedures to encourage hair growth or give the appearance of a fuller head of hair.
fore-end: The forward-facing end of an object; front end.
userhood: The state or condition of being a user (all senses)
slicktop: a police car with painted markings and decals but no external rooftop lights.
halosaur: A fish of any of the species in the family Halosauridae, deep-sea eel-like fish.
ranchboy: A male child who tends cattle.
nut head: Alternative form of nuthead
nut head: Alternative form of nut-head
nut-head: The outer portion of a nut (as opposed to the threads inside).
nut-head: A head (for a doll, puppet, etc.) made out of a nut.
nut-head: Various species of weed found in New South Wales, Australia, including Epaltes australis and Epaltes cunninghamii
nut-head: Alternative form of nuthead
nut-head: Kook.
nut-head: Alternative form of nuthead
nut-head: Idiot.
sidequel: A type of sequel which portrays events that occur at the same time as the original work, but with different characters in a different setting
bushlark: Any of a number of species of larks in the genus Mirafra native to areas ranging from Africa through southern Asia to Australia.
corseque: A pole weapon with a spike and two lateral blades on a shaft.
bandaoke: karaoke with a live band rather than recorded music
snowwear: Warm clothing designed to be worn in snowy conditions.
astrobot: Robot designed to work in space.
moka pot: A coffeemaker that produces coffee by passing boiling water pressurized by steam through ground coffee, traditionally made of aluminium.
monadism: A metaphysical theory, introduced by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, based on elementary particles with blurred perceptions of one another.
pisolith: A pisoid.
pisolith: A pisolite.
softlock: A situation where a game remains apparently playable, but further progress is impossible, typically due to a design flaw or glitch.
spellout: A stage in producing an utterance that comes between syntax and the interface with the phonological form, according to Chomsky's minimalist program.
asperand: The symbol @; at sign.
graveler: One who deals, sells, or works with gravel
graveler: A container filled with gravel or stones used as a filtration device
Wallsend: A kind of coal originally dug at Wallsend on the Tyne.
phallusy: An erection-related myth.
Mariposa: Former name of Yokuts (“member of Native American group”).
Ethereum: An open source, blockchain-based cryptocurrency network, that features smart contracts.
Ethereum: Ether, the cryptocurrency used in that network.
bigotdom: The domain or world of bigots; bigots collectively
roseslug: Alternative form of rose slug
side arm: Alternative spelling of sidearm
sign-off: Alternative spelling of signoff
loverman: A man who is skilled at making love.
loverman: A man who has sex with many women; player.
loverman: A male sexual partner.
bee ball: A dense cluster of bees formed to keep the queen warm or to engulf and overheat a predator.
Lexiteer: A leftist supporter of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union; a left-wing Brexiteer.
slashtag: A tag in a posted message, starting with the / symbol and serving as a keyword to specify a topic or metadata.
Danziger: A native or inhabitant of Danzig (modern-day Gdańsk).
werecrab: A shapeshifter who can assume the form of a crab.
fellatee: One who is fellated.
nephling: A nibling.
chopsing: gerund of chopse
squaffle: A slice of squash impressed with a grid pattern in the manner of a waffle.
squaffle: Quarreling that is a manifestation of infighting.
bulldung: bullshit
dickture: A picture of a penis.
cheffery: The work or art of a chef; culinary skill.
repertor: A discoverer.
forestem: The prow of a ship
forestem: The forward or projected-most part of a stem
bursicle: A sheath that covers the viscidium in some plants.
webspeak: netspeak; Weblish
gold box: A device used in phreaking to divert an incoming call to a second telephone line.
pink box: A device used in phreaking that allows the creation of a party line.
pink box: An Australian tree (Lophostemon confertus)
male-bot: Alternative form of malebot
male bot: Alternative form of malebot
autosend: A feature (of telecommunication software etc.) that sends automatically.
Arriflex: An early kind of portable film camera, the first to use a reflex mirror shutter.
Euromutt: A person of mixed European ancestry.
overbody: A garment worn over the body.
overbody: The upper portion of a jig or lure.
heckfire: hellfire
battyman: Alternative form of batty man
recoater: A machine that restores the primary coating to stripped optical fiber sections after fusion splicing.
stepwork: A construction in the form of steps.
glue ear: Otitis media with effusion.
damburst: dam failure
top-flag: A flag flown from the top of the mast of a sailing ship.
deer-pig: Synonym of babirusa
scamcoin: Any cryptocurrency designed primarily to benefit its creators.
salonist: Alternative form of saloniste
araneoid: Any spider of the superfamily Araneoidea.
mushrump: Mushroom, fungus.
mushrump: Upstart, a person who has quickly and undeservedly gained their position, power or wealth.
Ozarkian: An inhabitant of the Ozark region of the United States.
metholox: Synonym of methalox
mycetoma: Chronic subcutaneous inflammation caused by infection with certain bacteria or fungi.
methalox: A type of binary rocket fuel composed of liquid oxygen (lox) oxidizer and liquid methane combustible.
bio male: Such a person
swag bag: A bag used to carry stolen goods.
swag bag: A bag containing free gifts or promotional material.
ream job: anilingus
ream job: anal sex
IBMerese: The technical jargon used by IBM employees.
megatron: A disc-seal tube, used in lighthouses or submersibles.
protorap: Alternative form of proto-rap
smallwig: A minor functionary or stakeholder.
Vukovian: Chiefly in the plural form Vukovians: a member of a group of Croatian linguists active at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century who supported the ideas of Serbian philologist and linguist Vuk Karadžić (1787–1864) concerning the standardization of the Croatian variety of the Serbo-Croatian language.
swineman: One in charge of or specializing in the raising of swine.
CD plate: A vehicle registration oval, containing the letters "CD" (for corps diplomatique), indicating that the owner is a foreign embassy and is immune from prosecution
iceplant: Alternative spelling of ice plant
stepbarn: Alternative form of stepbairn
flagfish: A freshwater fish in the family Cyprinodontidae native to Florida, Jordanella floridae, sometimes kept in aquaria and used in laboratory tests of the biological effects of environmental pollutants.
deployee: One who is deployed.
scamster: One who scams.
zoarcoid: Any fish in the suborder Zoarcoidei.
bicardia: The condition of having two hearts.
mudaraba: Alternative form of mudarabah
pixeling: pixelization
k-d tree: A space-partitioning data structure for organizing points in a k-dimensional space, used in search algorithms etc.
mithqaal: Alternative form of mithqal
arse end: The worst or inferior part.
thermate: A variation of thermite and is an incendiary pyrotechnic composition that can generate short bursts of very high temperatures focused on a small area for a short period of time.
religism: Prejudice based on religious affiliation.
inkstain: A spot or area that has been discoloured by absorbing ink.
homodoxy: The quality of being homodox.
homodoxy: A homodox belief, creed, or teaching.
religist: A person who discriminates on the basis of religion.
religist: A religious person.
fuckcake: jerk, asshole, bastard (unlikable or unpleasant person)
earnesty: Earnestness.
unparser: A program or algorithm that unparses.
Fellatah: A member of the Fula people.
culthead: A person who belongs to a cult or who has a cult-like attitude to religion.
octarius: Alternative form of octavius (the pint (eighth of a gallon) in the apothecaries' system)
octavius: The pint (eighth of a gallon) in the apothecaries' system.
sea moth: Any fish in the family Pegasidae, with winglike pectoral fins and body covered in bony armor.
bareword: A sequence of text characters in source code that do not form a keyword nor part of a quoted string, and may potentially be interpreted in various ways.
graspful: The amount one can grasp at one time
Eretrian: A native or inhabitant of Eretria.
ponykind: All ponies, considered as a group.
duckerer: A Gypsy fortune teller.
exfriend: Alternative form of ex-friend
sealwort: Synonym of Solomon's seal
sealwort: A variety of pearlwort, Sagina procumbens
sideblog: A secondary weblog, ancillary to the author's primary blog.
canarium: Any of the genus Canarium of about 100 species of tropical and subtropical evergreen trees in the family Burseraceae.
wax comb: A comb-like tool used to maintain and remove the wax on a surfboard, sometimes equipped with additional accessories such as a fin key or a bottle opener.
yokewood: The wood of Catalpa longissima, much used in carpentry.
moonbear: Alternative form of moon bear
roundman: Alternative form of roundsman
oysterer: One who finds and sells oysters.
ouvriere: Alternative form of ouvrière
voweling: Alternative form of vowelling
varletto: A varlet; a scoundrel.
swimline: A cable or line that is used to connect divers so that they are spaced out within sight of each other.
bio-male: Alternative form of bio male
scatporn: Pornography that features defecation.
chop cup: A cup with a magnet inside and a magnetic ball, used in magic tricks.
dropitis: A notional medical condition that causes people to drop things frequently.
khanjali: Alternative form of kindjal
drug rug: Synonym of Baja jacket
arm pits: Alternative form of armpits
sexfight: A physical competition leading to orgasm by at least one of the participants, engaged in as an erotic fetish.
tekhelet: biblical blue
Svecoman: A member of a Swedish nationalist movement that arose in the Grand Duchy of Finland at the end of the 19th century, chiefly as a reaction to the demands for increased use of Finnish vigorously presented by the Fennoman movement.
Svekoman: Alternative form of Svecoman
seed pod: Alternative form of seedpod
spacekin: A type of otherkin that identifies as an astronomical body.
bánh xèo: Vietnamese fried pancake made of rice flour, water, and turmeric powder, stuffed with slivers of fatty pork, shrimp, diced green onion, and bean sprouts.
Otherkin: Alternative letter-case form of otherkin.
plantkin: A very small plant.
plantkin: A type of otherkin that identifies as a plant.
poquoson: Alternative form of pocosin
agonadia: absence of the gonads
spinonym: A type of ambigram in which a word is written using the same glyph repeated in different orientations.
pantacle: A rare alternate spelling of pentacle, used by A. E. Waite and probably also some other members of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, and then by Aleister Crowley.
Cimarron: A Maroon (an African who escaped slavery in the Americas, or a descendant thereof), especially a member of the Cimarron people of Panama.
Mexicano: A Mexican (especially male).
swordery: Swordplay; sword fighting or swordsmanship.
khoonkie: Alternative form of koomkie
kuzhambu: A spicy gravy made with tamarind and dal, part of South Indian and Sri Lankan Tamil cuisine.
hot rail: The practice or act of snorting vaporised drug fumes through a pipe, super-heated at one end.
masoness: A female Freemason.
grayware: Alternative form of greyware
hypalgia: diminished sensitivity to pain
clowness: A female clown.
rebeless: A female rebel.
tradress: A female trader.
loveress: A female lover.
erythrol: erythritol
greyware: A style of ancient grey pottery painted with geometric patterns.
greyware: Software that is not outright malicious but is generally undesirable or annoying, such as adware.
epiderma: Any abnormal outgrowth from the epidermis.
espundia: The ulcerative type of dermal leishmaniasis, with secondary manifestations in the nose and mouth, occurring in parts of South America.
minoress: Alternative letter-case form of Minoress: a Poor Clare.
minoress: Synonym of girl: a female minor.
benumber: One who, or that which benumbs; a numbing agent
beerwort: Wort prepared by the infusion of malt with water, intended to be converted into beer.
B-cupper: Someone with B-cup sized breasts.
B-cupper: A B-cup sized breast.
windster: A person who winds wool, silk, thread, etc.
D-cupper: Someone with D-cup sized breasts.
D-cupper: A D-cup sized breast.
A-cupper: Someone with A-cup breasts.
taxonymy: The relationship of a taxonym to its corresponding hypernym.
H-cupper: Someone with H-cup sized breasts.
F-cupper: Someone with F-cup sized breasts.
C-cupper: Someone with C-cup sized breasts.
C-cupper: A C-cup sized breast.
pronoune: Obsolete form of pronoun.
trimount: A stylized depiction of three hills or mountains.
trimount: A bracket or other supporting device that holds three attachments.
zip bomb: A malicious zip file designed to produce very large output, and consume a great deal of processing resources, during decompression.
dwindler: Someone or something that dwindles
yosi boy: An ambulant male cigarette vendor.
dyscopia: Difficulty with copying figures.
dyscopia: Inability to cope, or the supposed illness for someone presenting for medical attention with symptoms stemming from difficulty coping in certain aspects of their lives.
shamanry: The activities or craft of a shaman.
NoFapper: A member of the website and community forum NoFap, serving as as a support group for those who wish to give up pornography and masturbation; one who avoids masturbation.
synestia: A donut-shaped body of vaporized and molten rock formed from the collision of two planet-sized objects.
gopnitsa: Female gopnik.
Venturer: Synonym of Venturer Scout
dwimmery: A computer program's ability to sense the user's intentions rather than work according to a well-defined specification.
hallcest: Romance or sexual activity between people living in the same hall of student accommodation.
sub-hilt: An additional section of guard located along the length of the grip of a sword's blade, rather than up the blade as with a fluke.
zeromode: Alternative form of zero mode
Hausaist: A linguist who studies Hausa.
iyomante: Alternative form of iomante
caraunda: Alternative form of karanda
xerophil: Dated form of xerophile.
honeycup: A North American shrub of the genus Zenobia.
zenitude: A form of calm tranquility experienced by followers of Zen Buddhism.
axoplast: A dense structure, with no microtubules, located in the center or close to the nucleus of a cell, and from which radiate axopodia.
deadload: Alternative form of dead load
bitrange: A range defined in terms of bits (binary digits).
motifeme: A basic unit of story, such as a character or a situation, used in the comparative analysis of folktales.
pentapod: An organism or machine with five legs.
growlery: Alternative form of Growlery
Growlery: A place to retreat to, alone, when ill-humoured.
kickover: A gymnastic move in which the gymnast uses a kicking motion to return from a backbend or bridge to a standing position.
baitylos: Alternative form of baetylus
air lock: A small amount of air in a pipe that stops liquid flowing through it.
terrella: A small magnetized model ball representing the Earth, used in investigating magnetism.
baithook: A hook that can be baited.
icekhana: A motorkhana that takes place on a frozen lake.
deafener: One who, or that which, deafens.
poculent: A drink; something drunk.
Red Room: According to an urban legend, a room where people are tortured and murdered for an audience of viewers via the Dark Web, the viewers sometimes voting or bidding on the form of torture to be performed.
hasapiko: A Greek folk dance from Constantinople.
misinput: Incorrect input.
spotbeam: Alternative form of spot beam
rockwren: A small wren endemic to the South Island of New Zealand, Xenicus gilviventris.
subplace: A place that makes up part of another place.
chao tom: A traditional Vietnamese dish of shrimp surimi grilled on a sugar-cane stick.
alt-lite: Alternative spelling of alt-light.
dropshot: Alternative form of drop shot
fivegram: An n-gram consisting of five items from a sequence.
Chaource: A soft, creamy French cow's-milk cheese with a white rind.
long con: A scam in which the scammer takes a long period of time (usually weeks, months or longer) to defraud the victim, by first slowly gaining their trust.
zweibein: bipod
zweibein: Synonym of dyad
meat rod: Synonym of penis.
manimony: Alimony, when paid by a woman to a man.
wordster: One who is skilled at using words; a wordsmith.
wordster: One who studies words.
wordster: One who uses words instead of actions; a hypocrite, a verbalist.
vaginoid: A surgically-constructed vagina created in male-to-female sexual reassignment surgery.
vaginoid: One who possesses a vagina; a female.
fude-pen: Alternative form of fudepen
fude pen: Alternative form of fudepen
gayphobe: One who hates or is prejudiced against gay people; a homophobe.
gayphobe: One who hates or is prejudiced against gay people; a homophobe.
gayphobe: One who hates or is prejudiced against gay men specifically.
Sunnight: Sunday evening or night
Frinight: Friday evening or night
zootrope: Alternative form of zoetrope
zygadite: A variety of albite.
yakiniku: Meat grilled on a barbecue Japanese-style.
arsonism: The tendency to commit arson.
unutopia: The antithesis of utopia; anti-utopia; dystopia
rideress: A female rider; a horsewoman.
net loss: Synonym of net operating loss
karbhari: A chief administrator or senior official in certain Indian princely states.
Afrabian: One who is both African and Arab.
Athenean: Alternative form of Athenian
carbofos: Alternative form of carbophos
semi rig: A tractor-trailer
semi rig: A semi-tractor, the tractor unit on an articulated truck
softwear: athletic shoes, sneakers
softwear: Misspelling of software.
girlmeat: Human meat from a woman or girl.
eggtimer: Alternative spelling of egg timer
malicide: The killing of a heretic, especially in reference to the killing of Christians.
kilotorr: A unit of pressure equal to one thousand torrs.
Angstrom: Alternative letter-case form of ang­strom
fishbolt: A bolt used to fasten fishplates.
xenonate: The oxyanion of xenon XeO₄²⁻.
epikarst: The upper part of a karst system, in which water is stored before it percolates to underlying aquifers
nanomask: A nanoscale mask
fieldpea: Alternative form of field pea
incisior: Alternative form of incisor, especially that of an animal
door god: A divine guardian of doors and gates in Chinese folk religions.
Chanakya: A shrewd politician or, in general, a cunning person; a Machiavelli.
oestroid: Any fly of the superfamily Oestroidea
toolmark: A mark left on an object that has been worked on with a tool.
clippock: A sharp-tongued, quarrelsome individual.
deathbox: coffin
ice bear: Synonym of polar bear; Ursus maritimus.
fang job: A sexual envelopment (of someone's neck, hand, etc) into the mouth of someone with fangs.
urbicide: The destruction of a city or urban area.
yogawear: Clothing designed to be worn while taking part in yoga.
sailwear: Clothing designed to be worn while sailing.
muhurtam: An auspicious day on which an important event, usually a wedding, can be held.
endsheet: Synonym of endpaper
wingsail: A variable-camber aerodynamic structure that may be fitted to a marine vessel in place of conventional sails.
schalmei: A shawm or chalumeau.
brayette: An item of armor (mail or plate) protecting the groin.
strammel: Alternative spelling of strommel (“straw”)
strammel: Alternative spelling of strommel (“hair”)
manketti: mongongo (tree)
manketti: mongongo (fruit)
strommel: Straw.
strommel: Hair.
strummel: Alternative spelling of strommel (“straw”)
strummel: Alternative spelling of strommel (“hair”)
elm tree: A tree of the genus Ulmus.
guckling: A young or small guck (goose-duck hybrid).
champaca: champac; Magnolia champaca; a large evergreen tree in the Magnoliaceae family.
midchomp: A point in time while eating, partway through a bite.
xenotine: Dated form of xenotime.
albumone: Synonym of albuminone
Lavaller: A denizen of Laval, Quebec, Canada.
googlish: Alternative form of Googlish
solo sex: masturbation
sec'tary: secretary
kromeski: Alternative form of kromesky
hetegony: The study of the origin of the planets in the solar system.
cupeller: One who uses a cupel in assaying.
curetter: A curette.
curetter: A person who uses a curette.
curatory: guardianship; the role of a curator
shellika: Only used in shellika pooka
oul' wan: Alternative form of ould one
ould wan: Alternative form of ould one
ould one: old woman
ould one: mother
oul' one: Alternative form of ould one
jinniyah: A female jinn.
guldiner: Synonym of guldengroschen
oceanium: A supposed chemical element, thought to be the one with atomic number 72 (now known as hafnium), but later identified as a mixture of aluminium, iron, and titanium.
tzaraath: Any of various disfigurements of a person's skin, hair, clothing, or home understood as a kind of impurity requiring special rituals of atonement.
lazyitis: laziness
timeskip: An instance of fast-forwarding a substantial amount of time, such as years or decades, as a narrative device in a story, quickly aging characters and developing events.
timeskip: Any case of something jumping ahead in time.
B.Pharm.: Bachelor of Pharmacy.
facewear: Accessories worn on the face.
oralness: The quality or condition of being oral.
Fordhook: A large variety of lima bean.
Hualapai: A member of an indigenous North American people historically located in northern Arizona.
beautism: Synonym of lookism
yaghourt: Archaic spelling of yogurt.
agraphon: Any of the sayings of Jesus found in various ancient texts but not in the four Gospels.
venomoid: A venomous snake that has undergone a surgical procedure to remove or inhibit the production of snake venom.
ochorina: Alternative spelling of ocarina
rashifal: horoscope, particularly one derived from Indian astronomy
milligal: One thousandth of a gal (galileo; unit of acceleration).
isophagy: autolysis
uromancy: divination based on the urine
eye brow: Alternative form of eyebrow
urorrhea: Synonym of enuresis (“involuntary urination”)
vaporole: A thin glass capsule containing a volatile drug wrapped in cotton wool and enclosed in a silk bag, to be crushed in the fingers so as to permit inhalation.
vaqueria: A farm for grazing cattle.
marmesin: A particular furocoumarin.
eye lash: Alternative form of eyelash
ventanna: A window.
fashwave: Vaporwave music and art with fascist themes.
vibrogen: Active cellular tissue arranged in layers in the cortex of certain tendrils, causing circumnutation.
unchance: misfortune
debarker: A machine that strips the bark from felled trees prior to sawing into logs
actinate: Any oxyanion of actinium, or salt containing such an oxyanion
anthemol: A monoterpene alcohol, [4-(propan-2-yl)cyclohexa-1,3-dien-1-yl]methanol, found in the oil of camomile as esters of tiglic and angelic acids
bumpfire: A method of automatic weapons fire that uses recoil forces to fire the next round.
ochazuke: Alternative form of chazuke
butyrine: The alpha-amino acid derived from butyric acid
tar spot: A fungal disease affecting various plants and causing dark spots on leaves.
choleate: Any salt or ester of choleic acid
epogdoon: A number equal to another plus an eighth thereof; a number 1.125 times another.
boyscout: Alternative form of boy scout
scenelet: A little scene.
tea lady: A woman employed to provide beverages and snacks in an office or other work environment.
x-cat-ik: A spicy yellow chili pepper used in Yucatecan cuisine.
mindshot: The range within which one person can telepathically hear another's thoughts.
cod line: Alternative form of codline
bullplop: bullshit; nonsense
Pukhtoon: Alternative form of Pashtun
Pakhtoon: Alternative form of Pashtun
Pushtoon: Alternative form of Pashtun
Pashtoon: Alternative form of Pashtun
jickajog: Obsolete form of jigjog.
Zantiote: Alternative form of Zantiot
kedjeree: Archaic form of kedgeree.
cerolein: A wax obtained from beeswax by extracting with hot alcohol
yeldrock: Alternative form of yeldrin
frogkind: The entirety of frogs; all frogs collectively as a group.
oar-hole: Alternative form of oarhole
Grossone: Alternative form of grossone
grossone: A proposed form of integer notation that would be able to handle arithmetic of infinities
cash-out: Alternative form of cashout
GrossOne: Alternative form of grossone
bekantan: The proboscis monkey.
exoskarn: A skarn of igneous origin that occurs at and outside the granite that produced it, and is an alteration of wall rock.
ichthine: An albuminous substance found in fish eggs.
playlore: The lore associated with games played by children.
Greecian: Obsolete form of Grecian.
kalology: The study of beauty; aesthetics
europate: Any oxyanion of europium; any salt containing such an ion
francate: Any oxyanion of francium; any salt containing such an ion
fraxinin: An extract obtained from the bark of the ash tree.
monogony: asexual reproduction
fluorate: The oxyanion of fluorine FO₃⁻; any salt containing this ion.
alamande: Alternative form of allemande
baboodom: Archaic form of babudom.
jonquill: Alternative form of jonquil
babooism: Archaic form of babuism.
elvanite: elvan
pornsite: Alternative form of porn site
dragline: A cable, cord, or rope used to drag an object; specifically, the line of a dragline excavator that drags the bucket.
dragline: Short for dragline excavator.
Red Jews: A legendary Jewish nation mentioned in vernacular sources from medieval Germany. They were said to be an epochal threat to Christendom, who would invade Europe during the tribulations leading to the end of the world.
Brentism: A self-satisfied, hypocritical, or embarrassingly inappropriate remark.
G1 phase: The first of four phases of the cell cycle that takes place in eukaryotic cell division.
G2 phase: The second subphase of interphase in the cell cycle directly preceding mitosis.
sheesham: Alternative form of shisham
eukrasis: Alternative form of eucrasis
eucrasis: balance; equilibrium
Jebusite: A member of a Canaanite tribe said to have inhabited Jerusalem prior to its conquest by Joshua or King David.
dysaudia: defective articulation stemming from auditory disability
Ah Tiong: A mainland Chinese person.
jaunders: Obsolete form of jaundice.
simosity: The quality of being simous.
nomogeny: The origination of life according to natural law, not by a miracle.
cruorine: Alternative form of cruorin
airplant: Alternative form of air plant
mistally: A miscount.
waterfit: Alternative form of aquafitness
isologue: An isologous substance.
kinovate: Any salt or ester of kinovic acid
pedosaur: A dinosaur who is a pedophile.
go-round: One instance of a recurring event.
lutetate: Any oxyanion of lutetium; any salt containing such an ion
licareol: Synonym of linalool.
delaming: The act of delam (delamination/delaminating)
marennin: Any of a class of blue or green polyphenolic compounds found in some oysters
Abel sum: Given a power series f(x)=∑ₙ₌₀ ᪲a_nxⁿ that is convergent for real x in the open interval (0, 1), the value lim _(x→1⁻)∑ₙ₌₀ ᪲a_nxⁿ, which is assigned to f(1)=∑ₙ₌₀ ᪲a_n by the Abel summation method (or A-method).
recoiner: One who coins something again.
totitive: Alternative form of totative
murexane: Alternative form of murexan
frathole: An obnoxious frat boy.
lazarone: Alternative form of lazzarone
pachalic: Alternative form of pashalic
myriopod: Alternative form of myriapod
giftling: A little gift.
snowpile: A pile of snow.
overhair: The long hair overlying the fur of many animals.
thorinum: Archaic form of thorium.
akamatsu: The Japanese red pine, Pinus densiflora.
fusegate: A modular spillway sill invented in 1989 to improve dam safety by increasing water storage.
guaiacan: Alternative form of guaiacum
menagery: Archaic form of menagerie.
rougarou: A werewolf or werewolf-like creature said to inhabit swamps in Louisiana (and sometimes French Canadian) folklore.
gore-tex: Alternative form of Gore-Tex
Noranian: A fan of entertainer Nora Aunor.
pneumate: Any salt or ester of pneumic acid
bagwoman: A female bagman (person involved with illicit money).
rich kid: A child, adolescent or young adult from a wealthy family, especially one who flaunts his or her wealth or privilege.
polonate: Any oxyanion of polonium; any salt containing such an anion
admotion: The process of admoving; motion toward something.
radonate: Any oxyanion of radon; any salt containing such an anion
Oslovian: A person from Oslo, the capital of Norway.
samarate: Any oxyanion of samarium; any salt containing such an anion
zappozap: Synonym of kasuyu (“traditional African weapon”)
kinkhost: whooping cough
sebamide: The amide of sebacic acid
telekong: Alternative form of telekung
chaomian: Alternative form of chow mein
squopper: One who squops.
telekung: A prayer garment, usually worn by Southeast Asian Muslim women, consisting of two pieces: a loosely-draped one-piece hijab that extends to the knees and a long skirt that hides the feet.
Iga ware: pottery or earthenware from the Iga region (now called Maruhashira) from the early 17th century, noted for its combination of glazed and unglazed surfaces, asymmetrical shapes, and characteristic scorching.
snowbike: Alternative form of snow bike
staphyla: A cluster of gongylidia.
T-Charge: A surcharge from 2017 to 2019 on top of the normal congestion charge for motor vehicles in London, England, and applicable only to older vehicles that generate more pollution.
negatism: negativism
siam diu: A Thai-themed nightclub or disco at which people dance to music and pay a hostess to talk to or drink with them by buying her a flower garland.
najaasah: ritual impurity
ancience: Synonym of ancientness
litation: sacrifice
post-doc: Alternative form of postdoc
sickular: A leftist; in Indian politics, a secularist opposed to Hindu nationalism.
holmgang: In Norse and Icelandic culture, a duel to the death.
picotite: hercynite
phenogam: Phanerogam; spermatophyte.
redsmith: A person who forges things out of copper; a coppersmith.
nosonomy: The scientific classification of diseases.
show day: A public holiday held in Australia for the annual agricultural show in a state.
vitrimer: Any of a class of polymers that have the physical characteristic of glasses
camstone: A kind of clay used to whiten doorsteps, etc.
camstone: Alternative form of calmstone
lustrine: Alternative form of lustring
auntcest: Sexual relations with one's aunt.
skoaling: A traditional Scandinavian toast, especially with aquavit.
tassawuf: Sufism
katechon: Someone or something (of disputed identity) whose removal is necessary before the Antichrist can be fully manifested, according to 2 Thessalonians 2:6-7 in the Bible.
tahcheen: Alternative spelling of tahchin, an Iranian rice dish.
Menippea: Menippean satire.
soundset: A collection of electronically stored sounds, used in synthesizers, music software, etc.
have-all: A person who has abundant wealth and possessions.
niellure: The niello process.
shitcunt: Term of abuse.
lack-all: One who has nothing; a destitute person.
homotony: The quality of being homotonous.
opticity: The degree of optical activity of a solution
salambaw: A kind of fishing net.
nosesore: Something that smells foul to the nose.
Komnenos: Alternative form of Comnenus
Comnenus: member of a noble family who ruled the Byzantine Empire from 1081 to 1185
orchella: archil
Perthite: A native or inhabitant of Perth, Australia.
vavangue: Vangueria madagascariensis, a flowering plant with a large orange edible fruit.
hair oil: A perfumed oil used in dressing the hair.
Ayyubite: Synonym of Ayyubid
helotage: The condition of a helot.
prosopon: A mask worn by an actor to indicate the character being played.
prosopon: The self-manifestation of an individual.
prosopon: A variety of small-scale structures in trilobites, such as ribbing, domes, and perforations.
corculum: The central part of a seed, from which the new plant develops.
epigynum: Synonym of epigyne
eleocyte: A coelomocyte that contains many fat globules
debilism: A hereditary condition characterized by low intelligence in which one can understand words but not abstract concepts.
aerogami: airborne origami
monkship: The position or role of a monk.
bean jar: A cassoulet-type bean dish from Guernsey.
alacrima: A congenital inability to produce enough tears (absence or inadequacy of tear production).
postgiro: A giro (financial instrument) sent through the post.
slametan: A Javanese communal feast, held to celebrate numerous types of event.
slamatan: Alternative form of slametan
SOB stew: Alternative form of sonofabitch stew
desknote: A notebook computer equipped with the greater power and features of a desktop computer.
luridity: The quality of being lurid.
cronyist: One who supports or encourages cronyism.
Edessene: A native or inhabitant of Edessa.
Lusignan: member of a royal house of French origin, which at various times ruled several principalities in Europe and the Levant, including the kingdoms of Jerusalem, Cyprus, and Armenia, from the 12th through the 15th centuries during the Middle Ages
Poitevin: A native or resident of Poitou.
Poitevin: A native or resident of Poitiers.
threeawn: Any grass in the genus Aristida.
coalhole: Alternative form of coal hole
kirkgoer: Someone who goes to kirk; a churchgoer.
Roubenid: Alternative form of Rubenid
Rupenide: Alternative form of Rubenid
Hetoumid: Alternative form of Hethumid
Roupenid: Alternative form of Rubenid
Rubenide: Alternative form of Rubenid
overcode: A code used to represent multiple (possibly unrelated) data items.
overcode: An established code (signifier) that also acts as a new code, either representing additional (related) meanings, or dividing into various nuances of the original meaning.
overcode: Inventory that can no longer be sold (such as items that are past their sell-by date).
Hethumid: A member of the Hethumids.
kit lens: A camera lens that is bundled with a camera body, usually at a discount price.
arm bone: Alternative spelling of armbone
tree pit: An underground soil area for tree roots (often with root barriers to direct roots downwards), and the surface treatment for pedestrian safety, and irrigation. Can be used as a flowerbed.
hounfour: A voodoo temple.
estridge: Obsolete form of ostrich.
haqueton: Alternative form of aketon
relisher: One who relishes something.
vegaviid: Any species of the extinct family Vegaviidae of goose-like birds.
polisman: Policeman.
rat-fink: Alternative form of ratfink.
tasktray: The notification area or tray, part of the taskbar.
swapover: A conversion or transition from one thing to another; a changeover.
spriggan: In Cornish folklore, a malicious spirit in the form of a wizened old man.
glamcore: A style of glamorous rock music; glam rock.
bedspace: Space available for patients in hospital beds or inmates in prison beds.
bedspace: The use of a bed in a private home, often rented out by the month.
bearmeal: barley meal
dielytra: Any member of the plant genus Dielytra.
omoideum: The pterygoid bone.
ovopathy: disease of the ovum
russetin: A russet apple.
goblette: Obsolete form of goblet.
goblette: a female goblin
inslaver: Archaic form of enslaver.
parodism: The use of parody; a parodic approach.
moysture: Obsolete form of moisture.
nut pine: Any of the pine trees that bear pine nuts.
podismus: spasm of the muscles of the foot
subflora: A more local flora included within one of wider range.
Faringee: Obsolete spelling of firangi
sexagene: An arc or angle of 60 degrees.
Babelism: A chaotic situation where people cannot communicate because of different languages.
phratria: Alternative form of phratry
Parmazan: Obsolete form of parmesan (a kind of cheese).
widderer: Pronunciation spelling of widower.
bell cow: The lead cow in a herd.
bell cow: A leader; an influencer.
shuldari: Alternative form of shooldarry
outdraft: An outward current, often specifically a river current pulling toward a downstream dam.
Lp space: Function spaces defined using a natural generalization of the p-norm for finite-dimensional vector spaces.
poorling: One who is poor (all senses)
bone age: The apparent age of a child based on the maturity of its bones.
cathisma: A portion of the psalter; a troparion or short hymn used as a response.
richling: One who is rich.
gondelay: Obsolete form of gondola.
macapuno: A coconut sport or a tree propagated from such sport; a naturally occurring mutant coconut with an abnormal development of the endocarp, prized for it's soft coconut meat.
deracine: A person who has been uprooted.
oven tit: The ovenbird or willow warbler.
Nazarean: Alternative form of Nazarene
tanghulu: A traditional Chinese snack of candied fruit.
zalabiya: A form of jalebi, using made of eggs, flour, and milk, cooked in oil.
dodipole: An old person with impaired intellect; a dotard, idiot or lunatic.
crankery: The writings or ideas of a crank.
binology: the ethically questionable practice of searching through the dustbins of celebrities and other public figures to obtain information for use in tabloid newspapers
Punjabee: Archaic form of Punjabi.
Panjabee: Archaic form of Punjabi.
jazz rap: A fusion subgenre of hip-hop and jazz music, developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
room-set: Alternative form of roomset
Wodenist: A follower of the religion of Wodenism.
room set: Alternative form of roomset
wraxling: wrestling
spadilio: Obsolete form of spadille.
scaritid: Any of the beetles in the carabid subfamily Scaritinae, which were formerly considered to be the family Scaritidae.
Kwaussie: A person who has both Australian and New Zealand citizenship or descent.
nervulet: A nervule.
syzygant: A rational integral function of the invariants of a quantic that vanishes when expressed as a function of the coefficients.
flat dog: crocodile
salitral: A place where saltpetre occurs.
sergette: A thin serge material.
Shivaite: Alternative form of Saivite
Ponapean: Alternative form of Pohnpeian
grogging: The practice of extracting the alcohol from the wood of empty casks with water.
lift net: A large mechanically-operated fishing net with a cantilever, left underwater before being raised again to retrieve the catch.
Hegelist: A Hegelian.
serplath: 80 stone in weight
scuttock: Alternative form of scuddick
pyinkado: Burmese ironwood, Xylia xylocarpa
siskowet: Alternative form of siscowet
jet boat: a boat with water jet propulsion used primarily in shallow water
salvinia: A fern of the genus Salvinia.
ink trap: A sharp recess in an inward corner, present in certain typefaces; when printed, ink fills them (as opposed to having normal corners, resulting in bleeding and loss of crispness).
garapata: A kind of wood tick.
paratomy: A form of asexual reproduction in which new organs develop before the organism splits
koorbash: Alternative spelling of kurbash
Remoboth: Synonym of Sarabaite
maistery: Obsolete form of mastery.
tibonanj: Alternative form of ti bon ange
ectozoan: Alternative form of ectozoon
hazeline: An alcoholic distillate of witch hazel.
bratchet: A little brat.
bratchet: Alternative spelling of brachet (“a female hunting hound that hunts by scent; a brach”)
redubber: One who buys stolen cloth and alters its appearance so that it will not be recognised.
pejvakin: A protein that regulates the function of hair cells
in crowd: A relatively small group of people thought to be fashionable or popular.
iriditis: inflammation of the iris of the eye; iritis
prodroma: Alternative form of prodrome
Siculian: an ancient inhabitant of Sicily
riceroot: Any of various fritillaries (genus Fritillaria) traditionally used for food by Native Americans.
konistra: Alternative form of conistra
biopathy: In the orgone theory of Wilhelm Reich, a disturbance in the energy flow of the plasmatic system (nervous and vascular systems) of an organism, held to cause various maladies.
biopathy: Any of various holistic medical practices that seek to restore the body to a harmonious state.
trephone: Any hormone that stimulates growth and division of cultured cells
cowfinch: A female bullfinch
kalotype: Alternative form of calotype
miniexon: A short exon
malectin: A membrane-anchored protein of the endoplasmic reticulum that recognises and binds glycans
bio-code: A biochemical signal or marker, especially one used for security purposes.
bio-code: A signal consisting of a biological action.
starweed: Cerastium fontanum, a mat-forming plant, native to Europe, with small white flowers and tear-shaped leaves that grow opposite one another in a star pattern.
lapachol: Any of a group of natural phenolic compounds isolated from the bark of the lapacho tree.
marinone: An antibiotic produced by marine actinomycetes.
sweet 16: Alternative form of sweet sixteen
sweet 15: Alternative form of sweet fifteen
sweet 17: Alternative form of sweet seventeen
sweet 13: Alternative form of sweet thirteen
fiveplex: A building divided into five separate residences or commercial premises.
nineplex: A building divided into nine separate residences or commercial premises.
deepwell: A bored well controlled by a submersible pump.
jiedushi: A regional military governor in China during the Tang dynasty and the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
nodelist: A list of bulletin board systems and their connection details.
abortist: abortionist
dectuple: A group of ten.
pigstick: A waterjet disruptor used to disable explosive devices.
pigstick: A staff that carries a flag or pennant above the mast of a sailboat.
pigstick: An event or gathering at which pigs are hunted for sport.
pigstick: A stick that is used for stabbing.
shraadha: Alternative form of shraddha
dancette: A zigzag or indented line or figure.
dancette: The chevron or zigzag moulding common in Romanesque architecture.
printoff: printout.
laxening: The act or process of making or becoming lax
cutening: The act or process of making cute
astronym: The name of a star, planet or other heavenly body.
telonism: Synonym of telonym
embryony: The formation of an embryo; embryogenesis.
PageRank: The rank of a page calculated by the PageRank algorithm.
demology: demography
snow cap: Alternative spelling of snowcap
CHDIRAUX: Chief Director of Auxiliary, a duty officer in the United States Coast Guard Auxiliary
steamtug: A tug powered by steam
Satmarer: A member of the Satmar movement.
prop bet: side bet
diachyma: The parenchyma of leaves.
ladyfern: Alternative form of lady fern
bullsnot: bullshit; nonsense
side bet: A bet on some aspect of a game or competition that is not the main bet of the game or the prize of the competition; proposition bet.
side bet: An investment or risk undertaken by a company that is not part of its core business.
side bet: An investment of time, money, or resources that reinforces one's commitment to a course of action.
sofritto: Alternative form of soffritto
law calf: Synonym of law binding
malt tea: The liquid infusion of the mash in brewing.
subelite: An elite that ranks below the regular elite.
tigellus: The internode of a stem.
galactia: A morbid flow or deficiency of milk from the breast.
micropod: A member of the superseded taxonomic order Micropoda, which possess a diminute or lack a foot, such as oysters.
gastraea: A hypothetical animal form assumed by Ernst Haeckel as the ancestor of all metazoic animals.
brainlet: A subcomponent of a brain or thinking system.
brainlet: The cerebellum.
brainlet: A small brain; the brain of someone or something small or of someone who is not very intelligent.
brainlet: A dolt; a fool; someone having a small brain.
signieur: Alternative form of seignior
hoastman: A member of an old merchant guild in Newcastle, in charge of coal shipping, etc.
coabuser: Someone who collaborates with or refrains from interfering with an abuser in perpetrating abuse.
arsonite: An arsonist.
dispeace: Lack of peace; disharmony; discord.
selfitis: An obsessive need to take selfies and post them on social media.
refeeder: A mechanical component that feeds material back into a machine.
rag book: A book with pages made from fabric, usually cotton, designed to be used by young children.
sun kink: A buckle in railroad track caused by extremely hot weather, which could cause a train to derail.
greatnes: Obsolete form of greatness.
algivore: An organism that consumes algae.
Jonagold: An apple cultivar, a cross between Golden Delicious and Jonathan.
ricinium: A mantle worn, mainly by women, in Ancient Rome.
foot-pad: Alternative spelling of footpad
seringhi: Archaic form of sarangi (“string instrument”).
lamb pie: A charming person; a sweetheart.
lunulite: A small circular fossil coral.
cophouse: A police station.
Mordvian: Alternative form of Mordovian
entrepas: An ambling gait between a walk and a trot.
dysodyle: Alternative form of dysodile
tramload: Enough to fill a tram.
yogasana: A position or posture (asana).
conurbia: Conurbations as represented or encapsulated by their typical qualities or characteristics.
knitbone: The plant comfrey.
ampusand: Synonym of ampersand
fogscape: A foggy landscape.
siltbush: hopsage
figure 9: A technical climbing technique used in ice climbing to gain a respite and lessen slack and distance from the undersurface/ceiling which one is climbing underneath, which appears like a number "9" in shape, with one arm anchoring the climber to the surface while hanging upside-down, and one leg wrapped around that arm, forming a figurative "9" in shape.
Ipsariot: Obsolete form of Psariot.
figure 4: A technical climbing technique used in ice climbing to gain a respite and lessen slack and distance from the undersurface/ceiling which one is climbing underneath, which appears like a number "4" in shape, with one arm anchoring the climber to the surface while hanging upside-down, and one leg wrapped around that arm, forming a figurative "4" in shape.
figure 4: Alternative form of figure four
aleation: Aleatoricism.
Ebionism: Alternative form of Ebionitism
B-school: Abbreviation of business school.
clubside: sports club
plectron: Alternative form of plectrum
conynger: Alternative form of conyger
biscacho: Rare form of viscacha.
kip-shop: A brothel.
infotext: A text that provides information.
beltwork: A system of belts, as in a mechanical device.
paraphia: parapsis; a disorder of the sense of touch
Han blue: A pigment made from barium copper tetrasilicate (“BaCuSi₄O₁₀”), an artificial blue pigment, used by ancient Chinese for over 2 millennia before dying out at the end of the Han dynasty; one of the few alternates to azurite in ancient times.
dumosity: The quality of being dumous or dumose.
hylicism: Synonym of hylism
tankobon: A Japanese book that is complete in itself, not part of a series.
broflake: An overly-sensitive man or boy who is easily upset or offended, especially one upset about loss of male privilege.
avolatte: A latte served in half a hollowed-out avocado.
unimorph: A cantilever that consists of one active layer and one inactive layer.
cophosis: Total deafness.
cool cat: A person who performs or appreciates jazz, especially one whose style of speech and movement is relaxed and rhythmic.
cool cat: An individual who is at ease and self-assured; one who is calm and composed in interactions with others.
compspec: Abbreviation of completion specification, the file read by a shell that allows to tab-complete arguments for specific commands.
relocker: Part of a lock that permanently prevents unlocking when some condition is met, intended to frustrate attempts to break through.
bycocket: Alternative form of bycoket
fattouch: A traditional Lebanese, Syrian, or Levantine fresh salad with crispy bread (typically, dried, toasted, grilled, or fried pita), usually with mint, parsley, and olive oil.
facelock: A type of headlock in which the opponent's head is clamped around the face.
facelock: A security protocol based on the attempted user's recognition of faces known to the account owner.
jacobita: Commerson's dolphin
tigerism: tigerish disposition
jerkinet: A woman's outer jacket.
hapteron: A branched swelling at the base of an aquatic plant (such as an alga) that it uses to fix itself in place
scoinson: Alternative form of scuncheon
scontion: Alternative form of scuncheon
scuntion: Alternative form of scuncheon
esconson: Alternative form of scuncheon
up-cycle: Alternative form of upcycle (“period of a cycle where something is growing or increasing”).
pedicide: The murder of a child.
camotint: Alternative letter-case form of Camotint
spraybow: Alternative form of spray bow
Camotint: Any of several pale camouflage colours used by the British Royal Air Force during World War II, especially Camotint green.
bur-reed: A group (genus Sparganium) of widespread flowering perennial marsh plants widespread in wet areas in temperate regions.
fun fact: A short fact that is usually about something irrelevant to the general context; trivia.
day-trip: Alternative form of day trip
gorpcore: A style of fashion characterized by functional outdoor wear such as fleece jackets, parkas, gore-tex jackets and pants, and many other utilitarian styles.
pochismo: An anglicism in Spanish taken from U.S. English.
archaicy: The condition of being archaic.
seagoose: Alternative spelling of sea goose
wild pig: Synonym of wild boar
isofield: A region of identical field strength (especially that of a magnetic field)
ijtihaad: Alternative form of ijtihad
hairloss: Alternative form of hair loss
toxifier: That which toxifies; something poisonous.
mono-ene: Synonym of monoene
footslut: A submissive who has a sexual interest in feet.
latch-up: A kind of short circuit caused by the inadvertent creation of a low-impedance path between the power supply rails of a MOSFET circuit.
ZIP code: Alternative form of zip code
eco-city: A city which is regarded as having sound environmental protection policies.
loot box: A consumable virtual item, often in the shape of a box or another container, that gives a player a random selection of in-game items.
droopage: A condition caused by drooping
misliver: One who leads an evil or sinful life.
wrenning: The old custom of stoning a wren to death on St Stephen's Day.
securite: A high explosive in the form of a yellowish powder.
fly belt: A region where tsetse flies are to be found.
bromelia: Synonym of bromeliad
trilogue: Alternative form of trialogue (“informal tripartite legislative meeting”).
mess tin: A portable container for cooking or serving food, originally for military use, and generally of a rounded rectangular form.
arsonate: The oxyanion HAsO₃²⁻, derivatives, or any salt containing this ion
dilauryl: Two lauryl groups in a molecule
aeromete: Alternative form of aerometer
diazenyl: Any univalent radical of the form R-N=N-
iminooxy: Synonym of alkylideneaminoxyl
iminoxyl: Synonym of alkylideneaminoxyl
verdazyl: Any of several delocalized radicals derived from hydrazyl
hydrazyl: The radical H₂N-NH-
bow grip: The small section of a stringed instrument's bow near the heel having grippy material such as goatskin leather or snakeskin wrapped tightly around the bow stick between the lapping and the frog, so as to facilitate it being held and to protect the stick.
bow grip: The refined and precise manner of holding the bow of a bowed string instrument.
blue ice: Ice that is blue in colour, formed by compressed snow on a glacier having its air bubbles squeezed out.
blue ice: Human waste that has leaked from an aircraft, frozen at high altitude, and fallen to earth.
big mood: An intense or relatable feeling, experience, or thing.
didemnin: Any of a group of cyclic depsipeptides found in Trididemnum
heptaose: Alternative form of heptose
pentaose: Alternative form of pentose
bowmaker: Alternative form of bow maker
peramine: A fungal alkaloid 2-[3-(2-methyl-1-oxopyrrolo[1,2-a]pyrazin-3-yl)propyl]guanidine
lolitrem: Any of a class of indole-diterpene alkaloids produced by a fungus of the genus Epichloë
anatropy: The condition of being anatropous
sagopalm: Alternative spelling of sago palm.
dog roll: Processed meat shaped into a large sausage and used for dog food.
shengnan: A man who has for an extended amount of time been unable to find a romantic, interpersonal or physically intimate relationship.
fishkind: All fishes, considered as a group.
goatkind: All goats and their close relatives, considered as a group.
treekind: All trees, considered as a group.
duckkind: All ducks, considered as a group.
fowlkind: All fowl, considered as a group.
oxenkind: All oxen and their close relatives, considered as a group.
kempster: Alternative form of kembster
pukehole: Synonym of shithole (“very dirty or unpleasant place”)
kembster: A woman who cleans or combs out wool
pendulet: A pendant.
tacahout: A small gall formed on the tamarisk, used as a source of gallic acid.
Topangan: A native or inhabitant of Topanga.
gongylus: A round deciduous body connected with the reproduction of certain seaweeds.
revulsor: A device for applying heat and cold alternately for medical purposes.
mag-slip: Alternative form of magslip
sunomono: A traditional Japanese salad of vegetables dressed with vinegar.
tommytoe: tomato
bobowler: A large moth.
manyhood: The state or condition of being many; multiplicity; abundance
smartman: A conman.
colachon: Alternative form of colascione
mag slip: Alternative form of magslip
jumpshot: Alternative form of jump shot
mini cup: Alternative form of minicup
mini cup: miniature racecar
mini cup: Alternative form of minicup
mini cup: extra-small cup.
mini-cup: Alternative form of minicup
mini-cup: miniature racecar.
mini-cup: Alternative form of minicup
mini-cup: extra-small cup
mini-cup: A race that is modeled after, but smaller than, the America's Cup.
backwork: Movement or exertion of the back.
pink hat: A person who only follows a team because it has become fashionable.
brinkman: One who advocates for brinkmanship.
dungeree: Dated form of dungaree.
ontonomy: A philosophy of existence that emphasizes the harmonious coexistence of nonuniform entities.
Bukvitsa: An ancient Slavic alphabet (an adaptation of Glagolitic and Cyrillic).
Tucsonan: Alternative form of Tucsonian
jeanette: A coarse jean fabric, used for linings.
ugly man: The person who garrottes the victim in a confederacy of three criminals, the others (the fore-stall and back-stall) blocking the victim's escape.
ugly man: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see ugly, man.
inky cap: The mushroom Coprinopsis atramentaria, edible but poisonous when consumed with alcohol.
sandveld: An area of land characterized by dry, sandy soil.
motshelo: A communal fund to which each member contributes an agreed-upon amount, which is then given periodically to a rotating member of the group.
panwoman: A woman who plays steelpan.
panhouse: A building in which seawater is evaporated to make salt.
panhouse: A factory in which raw sugar is refined.
symphile: Any myrmecophilous insect that interacts with the host insects
banatite: granodiorite or rock of similar composition that intruded in the Banat region of Europe in the Cretaceous
tzadziki: Alternative form of tzatziki
Natalian: A native or inhabitant of Natal.
lindyhop: Alternative form of Lindy Hop
atrypide: Alternative form of atrypid
aphidoid: Any aphid of the superfamily Aphidoidea.
gingelli: Alternative form of gingilli
avigator: An aerial navigator.
homester: A player for the home team.
haut-boy: Obsolete form of hautboy.
stegural: A membranous outgrowth of the first urodermal in the caudal fin of various fish
Webagogy: Learning by means of the material available on the World Wide Web.
catazone: A very deep geological zone, typically below a depth of 11 kilometres.
agmatite: A form of migmatite containing xenoliths, typically of breccia
rondalla: An ensemble of stringed instruments played with the plectrum or pick, originating in medieval Spain.
scoparil: Alternative form of scopperil
pyrogram: A visual representation of the results of pyrosequencing
alaskite: A form of granite composed chiefly of quartz and feldspars
albitite: Any rock composed mostly of albite
anacline: The part of a shell in which the interarea is at an angle of less than 90° to the plane of commissure
moot-axe: An specialised axe for cutting tree stumps.
monamory: Alternative form of monoamory
cadicone: An ammonite that has a flattened barrel shape.
Lingayat: An adherent of Lingayatism.
caeculid: Any of the trombidiform mites in the family Caeculidae
aphlebia: An imperfect or irregular leaf ending (commonly found on ferns)
apiphily: pollination by bees
pussyhat: Alternative form of pussy hat
exospory: The production of spores that germinate to form free-living gametophytes
ramicaul: A stem that bears a single leaf (as in some orchids)
soralium: A cluster of soredia
luperine: Any moth of the genus Luperina
masteral: master's degree
masteral: doctorate
cremello: A horse with a cream-coloured coat due to the presence of two copies of the cream genes
ceratite: Any ammonite of the order Ceratitida
cicadoid: Any cicada of the superfamily Cicadoidea
chaetome: The bristly hairlike appendages growing from the limbs of various mite species, taken as a single bodily organ.
merryman: A jester
'akikiki: A Hawaiian honeycreeper, Oreomystis bairdi
Hunkpapa: A member of a Native American group, one of the seven council fires of the Lakota tribe.
mocuddum: Obsolete form of muqaddam.
colpodid: Any ciliate of the order Colpodida
congroid: Any eel of the suborder Congroidei.
Tyrrhene: Synonym of Tyrrhenian
cynipoid: Any insect of the superfamily Cynipoidea
eolation: Any effect of wind on land.
diductor: A divaricator muscle in arthropomatous brachiopods
bit role: bit part
deutovum: The incompletely developed larva of a mite after shedding of the chorion
unlooper: A device used to break a smart card's microcontroller out of an infinite loop state that makes it otherwise unusable.
sisserou: The parrot Amazona imperialis, found only on the island of Dominica.
racemism: The property of being racemic.
mucidity: The property of being mucid.
dortokid: Any extinct turtle of the family Dortokidae
dogstail: Any perennial grass of the genus Cynosurus, native to the Mediterranean basin, grown for fodder
reroller: A company that rolls out scrap metal again.
benitier: The vase or vessel for holy water in Roman Catholic churches.
geekness: The state, quality, or condition of (being) a geek
reverist: One who has reveries; a dreamer.
ektexine: Synonym of sexine
ectexine: Synonym of sexine
skiblade: Synonym of snowblade
bawdship: The employment or office of a bawd
shag-boy: A ghost or goblin.
rotavape: Alternative form of rotovap
pommerac: The edible fruit of Syzygium malaccense.
warchest: Alternative form of war chest
zui quan: Drunken Fist; drunken boxing.
donicity: Donor number, a quantitative measure of Lewis basicity.
shih tzu: Alternative letter-case form of Shih Tzu.
shitling: A little shit (all senses); (by extension) A child.
sledhead: A fan of snowmobiling. (a snowmobile being a "sled")
sledhead: A fan of tobogganing (“sledding”).
sledhead: Alternative spelling of sled head (an injury due to sledding)
aerocele: An air-filled cavity
prickery: The actions or attitudes of a prick; prickish behaviour.
agropine: An unusual amino acid (opine) found in some crown gall tumours
agretope: The part of a biomolecule that binds to the major histocompatibility complex molecule
orbatide: A group of bioactive cyclic ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides of natural plant sources
dope man: Synonym of drug dealer
algenate: plaster, made of sodium alginate, used to take impressions
twin tip: A type of alpine/freestyle ski, with bow tips on both ends, allowing skiing backwards.
allelism: The existence of two or more alleles of a gene
oil-down: The application of oil to the body in order to soothe and/or prevent drying.
oil-down: Alternative form of oildown
oil-down: Meat, breadfruit, and vegetables cooked in coconut milk.
oil-down: Alternative form of oildown
oil-down: Oil spill.
new dawn: A new beginning; a fresh start; an important, promising turning point.
oil down: Alternative form of oildown
oil down: Meat, breadfruit, and vegetables cooked in coconut milk.
oil down: Alternative form of oildown
oil down: Oil spill.
oil down: Alternative form of oil-down
althesin: A hypnotic agent that is a mixture of alphaxalone and alphadolone
bullrail: A style of railing consisting of a long continuous crosspiece supported by multiple uprights.
headbolt: A bolt that is used to secure the head of something (such as the cylinder head of an internal combustion engine).
mogulist: A skier who specializes in skiing moguls
rye-worm: The larva of a fly, Chlorops pumilionis, an agricultural pest which feeds on stems of several species of grain and other grasses.
ameiosis: The absence of pairing of chromosomes during meiosis
onychium: A little claw.
treeship: The quality of being a tree; treeness.
orderite: A member of an order.
Orderite: Alternative letter-case form of orderite; a member of a specified (real or notional) Order (for example, the United Order or the New World Order).
aminuria: The presence of amines in the urine
amorphia: Synonym of amorphism
amorphus: A malformed foetus
amorphus: Any amorphous material
gnathism: The classification of mankind based on measurements of the jaw.
sebundee: Alternative form of sebundy
anakusis: Alternative form of anacusis
anandria: A lack of male virility
anastole: retraction of the edges of a wound
anchorin: Any of a group of collagen-binding proteins related to annexin
anancasm: Obsessive-compulsive behaviour.
anancasm: In the philosophy of Charles Peirce, a mode of evolution occurring by mechanical necessity.
matoppie: Synonym of motlopi
anestrum: Synonym of anestrus
ensatina: A salamander native to western North America in the genus Ensatina.
angiosis: Any disease of the blood vessels
pyrenium: The wall of the perithecium.
anhaline: An alkaloid, 4-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]phenol, found in peyotes of the genus Anhalonium
extortee: One from whom something is extorted.
ansotomy: The division of a loop, especially of one that forms a constriction.
werefrog: A shapeshifter who can assume the form of a frog.
apicitis: inflammation of the apex of an anatomical part
aphasmid: Any nematode of the class Aphasmidia (now Adenophorasida)
anilino-: The univalent radical derived from aniline by loss of a nitrogen atom from the -NH₂ group
apiculum: A short, slender, flexible point
victimry: victimhood
bad wrap: Misspelling of bad rap.
aprocarb: Synonym of propoxur
kitchari: Alternative spelling of khichdi
archaeus: Alternative form of archeus
sandlace: Polygonella myriophylla, a rare flowering plant in the knotweed family.
downtake: An outlet for conveying something downward.
downtake: Material conveyed downward by such an outlet.
arecaine: Synonym of arecaidine
raisinet: Alternative letter-case form of Raisinet
arrector: Synonym of erector
arsenium: The radical cation H₂As:⁺ derived from arsine
arsenium: Any derivative of this ion R₂As:⁺
Raisinet: A chocolate-covered raisin, usually one of the brand of the same name.
Redshirt: Alternative form of Red Shirt
cholest.: Abbreviation of cholesterol.
sat. fat: Abbreviation of saturated fat.
asemasia: Synonym of asemia
aspidium: Synonym of dryopteris: a genus of ferns or a member of the genus, including the male fern.
aspidium: A vermifuge prepared from the dried male fern.
atebrine: Alternative form of atabrine
cetearyl: Synonym of cetostearyl
mindswap: Synonym of bodyswap
hi-jinks: Alternative spelling of high jinks (alternative form of hijinks)
grundsow: A groundhog, a woodchuck.
shitland: A country or nation of poor quality.
devility: The quality of being a devil or like a devil; devilishness.
axolysis: The degeneration or dissolution of an axon
auxogluc: The part of a molecule that imparts sweetness to the substance
senilism: Premature old age.
senilism: ageism
brinjaul: Archaic form of brinjal (“aubergine, eggplant”).
brinjall: Archaic form of brinjal (“aubergine, eggplant”).
namahage: A demon-like being in Japanese folklore, portrayed by men in ogre masks and traditional straw capes during a New Year's ritual of admonishing badly-behaved children.
harigata: A Japanese dildo (artificial phallus).
coolship: A large shallow fermentation vessel that allows efficient cooling during the production of beer.
waldrapp: An endangered species of ibis, the northern bald ibis, Geronticus eremita.
proteide: A compound consisting of a protein bound to another non-protein molecule.
schantze: A type of stone fortification.
earstone: otolith
daluwang: mulberry bark, traditionally used in Java to make paper and clothing.
eremurus: Any of the plants of the genus Eremurus.
odontist: dentist
iodation: The process of iodating.
bacterid: A bacterial infection of the skin
entailer: That which entails, or has as a consequence.
entailer: One who makes an entail.
thumbpot: A very small pot used by florists for starting slips or seedlings.
parakari: A traditional Native American alcoholic drink made with fermented cassava.
emptysis: hemorrhage from the lungs
sipylite: A niobate of erbium.
head rag: A head covering comprising a piece of cloth wound around the head and knotted in the front, often associated with African American women.
Sabahian: Synonym of Sabahan (“a native of Sabah”)
unlinker: A program or process that unlinks.
frollick: Obsolete form of frolic.
bonspell: Alternative form of bonspiel
eolopile: A metal sphere, containing water, and having two opposing jets, that rotates when the water is boiled
airgraph: A form of airmail used to send messages to servicemen during the Second World War.
knobwood: Any of various South African trees of genus Zanthoxylum that have knob-like protuberances on the bark.
midspace: A middle space.
mimester: A performer of mime.
miscegen: A mixed-race person.
moonport: A spaceport located on a moon.
motordom: The realm or sphere of motor cars; motoring generally.
binangle: A form of chisel in which two angles keep the cutting edge or point close to its central axis
biocycle: Any cyclic biological process
biocycle: Synonym of biorhythm
jerkhole: An obnoxious person; a jerk.
misstamp: A stamp applied incorrectly.
fuckness: The condition of being undesirable.
fuckness: An extremely unpleasant emotion or situation.
biophage: Any organism that derives its nourishment from another living organism.
biotaxis: The movement of organisms in response to an external stimulus
bagtikan: The tree Parashorea malaanonan.
bagtikan: The wood of this tree.
witchdom: The exercise of witchcraft or of supernatural powers; witchery
witchdom: The world of witches or of witchcraft; witches collectively
consumpt: The amount consumed; consumption.
consumpt: Consumer; market.
mudsnail: Any of several univalve molluscs found on tidal mudflats, typically in New Zealand.
bluecomb: Coronaviral enteritis in turkeys.
lutefish: Any of a family of characiform fish (Citharinidae), including the genera Citharidium (one species), Citharinops (one species), and Citharinus (6 species).
lutefish: Alternative form of lutefisk
avagraha: A symbol (ऽ) used in the Devanagari script and other Indian scripts, used to mark vocalic gemination or the elision of the inherent vowel a in the process of sandhi in Sanskrit.
dorkweed: dork; idiot
bulbitis: inflammation of the bulbous part of the urethra
distaffe: Obsolete spelling of distaff.
mono-ski: Alternative form of monoski
snurfing: The activity of using a snurfer, the action of the verb snurf.
snurfing: The sport snowboarding
caerulin: Synonym of ceruletide
yanacona: An Indian in the service of a Spaniard.
dry haze: A haze occurring in low humidity, resulting from particles too fine to be felt or seen by the naked eye.
wet haze: Synonym of damp haze
fairmaid: A mermaid from a blackwater creek or river.
fairmaid: Synonym of snowdrop
fairmaid: A smoked or salted pilchard.
calcergy: dystrophic calcification following injection of certain heavy metal salts
icecross: An ice skating sport, involving racing over an obstacle course similar to that found in snowboardcross, skiercross, or BMX.
scuggery: Dishonest behaviour; criminal conduct; villainy
dipsesis: Abnormal or excessive thirst; hyperdipsia.
eye-fuck: Alternative form of eyefuck
Wellsean: An admirer of H. G. Wells.
Wellsean: One who writes in the manner or style of H. G. Wells, or whose writing treats topics associated with Wells.
eye fuck: Alternative form of eyefuck
sandplay: A form of play therapy in which the patient builds something from sand (often wet) and figurines in the presence of a therapist
Ægiptian: Obsolete spelling of Egyptian
batswing: A kind of gas burner with a slit at the top that causes the flame to take the shape of a bat's wing.
lamb-ale: A feast at the time of lamb-shearing.
divitism: The condition of being rich.
unluxury: Absence of luxury.
carmalum: A solution of carmine and alum used as a histological stain.
bearwort: A perennial alpine plant, Meum athamanticum.
cavagram: Alternative form of cavogram
sealouse: Alternative form of sea louse
snurging: Alternative form of snedging
oryctics: The branch of geology relating to fossils.
lumbayao: Heritiera javanica; a Philippine timber tree.
lumbayao: The wood from this tree, commercially sold as Philippine mahogany
novichok: Any of a group of deadly organophosphate nerve agents developed by the Soviet Union in the 1970s and 1980s to evade restrictions on chemical weapons.
butt bag: A fanny pack.
butt bag: A seat attached to ropes on which a climber can sit while belaying.
cercomer: The caudal appendage of a larval cestode
cerebron: Synonym of phrenosin
cevadine: Synonym of veratrine
chalasia: relaxation of a normally contracted muscle, especially a sphincter
cheilion: The corner of the mouth (as used in cephalometry)
commaing: The usage of commas.
paguroid: Any hermit crab of the superfamily Paguroidea
youthman: A young man; youth.
youthman: A man who has reached the age of adulthood but has not attained an adult social status (living independently with a stable livelihood, marriage, and family).
youthman: A young musician from the ghetto who agitates for social change.
anthrop.: Abbreviation of anthropology.
Tri-Delt: A member of the Delta Delta Delta sorority.
Tri Delt: Alternative spelling of Tri-Delt
wellwish: Alternative form of well-wish
chorioid: Alternative form of choroid
chorista: An aggregate of normal but ectopic tissue.
milk cap: Alternative spelling of milk-cap
chorioma: A trophoblastic proliferation
twenteen: A person in their twenties who still has teenage tastes and attitudes.
chylosis: The formation and subsequent digestion and transport of chyle
Paeonian: a person from Paeonia; a people related to the Thracians
K-ration: An individual daily combat food ration introduced by the United States Army during World War II and comprising three courses for breakfast, lunch and supper.
weedfish: One of a variety of species of fish of the family Clinidae found in the waters off Australia and New Zealand.
cittosis: Synonym of pica
zhaleika: A Russian (or broader Slavic) wind instrument with one or two pipes.
shotlist: A detailed list of all the shots required for a film.
hairplay: The act of playing with one's own or someone else's hair (usually on the head).
pointman: Alternative form of point man
waxlight: A wax candle.
phiznomy: A person's face.
ghungroo: Any of the small metallic bells strung together on the anklets worn by classical Indian dancers.
clupeine: A protamine found in salmon sperm
sinhound: A priest.
Angloman: Anglomaniac; lover of England or the English
collacin: A degenerated form of collagen
tallywag: A testicle.
tallywag: The penis.
tallywag: The black sea bass, Centropristis striata.
apiforol: The flavanol (2S)-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromene-4,5,7-triol
decampee: A person who has switched political parties.
bunkerer: An oil thief.
worsener: One who or that which worsens (things), makes things worse.
worsener: One who or that which worsens (internally), becomes worse, deteriorates in condition.
disector: A device that counts objects in three dimensions (two orthogonal planes)
whatsapp: Alternative letter-case form of WhatsApp
hubbyman: Husband.
cytopyge: cytoproct; anal pore
per mill: Alternative form of permille
coniosis: Any disease caused by the inhalation of dust.
venombin: Any of a class of thrombin-like enzymes from snake venom.
tafazzin: A protein involved in the metabolism of cardiolipin.
superfat: An extremely obese person.
headgame: Alternative form of head game
headgame: An attempt to psychologically manipulate
headgame: Alternative form of head game
headgame: A mental pursuit
coprince: Any of a group of princes who govern jointly, as in Andorra.
corporin: corpus luteum hormone
Nanumean: A person from Nanumea.
blockout: A void that is deliberately not filled with concrete, so that it can be used to insert something else such as pipework.
blockout: A draft of a level where plain blocks serve as placeholders for environmental features.
blockout: Synonym of sunblock.
cozymase: Synonym of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide
cæcilian: obsolete typography of caecilian
rentagub: A paid spokesperson.
eaceworm: An earthworm.
crotalin: A protein in rattlesnake venom
cryopexy: The use of a freezing probe to correct retinal detachment
lapalapa: A three-sided Samoan warclub.
Drevlian: A member of a tribe of Early East Slavs between the 6th and 10th centuries, inhabiting the territories of Polesia and Right-bank Ukraine, west of the eastern Polans and along the lower reaches of the rivers Teteriv, Uzh, Ubort, and Stviga.
e-member: A person who is a member of some organization by electronic means, typically via the Internet.
cystinyl: A univalent radical derived from cystine
diluvion: Synonym of diluvium
koumbara: A female koumbaros.
Nebbiolo: A grape variety cultivated in the Langhe, Piedmont.
Nebbiolo: A fine red wine made near Alba from these grapes.
cytogene: A self-replicating fragment of DNA or chromosome located in the cytoplasm
cytozyme: Synonym of thromboplastin
dacryops: An excess of tears in the eye
dacryops: A cyst in a lacrimal duct
dahllite: A form of calcium phosphate that has a structure similar to that of the mineral part of bones and teeth
dawadawa: The condiment sumbala.
on-trade: The sale of alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises.
dentinum: Synonym of dentin
deprenyl: A monoamine oxidase inhibitor C₁₃H₁₇N used especially to treat Parkinson's disease.
dermatan: A glycosaminoglycan found (as the sulfate) in the skin
dextrase: Any of the enzymes that catalyse the conversion of dextrose into lactic acid
cistella: The capsular shield of some lichens.
climacus: A neume denoting a descending set of three tones.
diacetal: Any organic compound that has two acetal groups
Clerihew: Alternative letter-case form of clerihew.
torculus: A neume denoting a set of three tones which first rise from the original tone, then fall.
dictyoma: Alternative form of diktyoma
dihexose: Any disaccharide whose constituent sugars are both hexoses
nofotane: In Samoa, a woman who has married into a family and whose social status is determined by that of her husband.
divulsor: An instrument used for dilating the urethra or other canal
domiphen: The quaternary ammonium ion N,N-dimethyl-N-(2-phenoxyethyl)dodecan-1-aminium whose bromide is an antiseptic
dorsalin: A protein that regulates cell differentiation along the dorsoventral axis of the neural tube
doliolum: A doliolid tunicate.
dysbasia: Difficulty in walking, typically due to a disorder of the nervous system
dysmimia: An inability to use gestures effectively
arborite: A heat-resistant laminate material used to veneer countertops.
kamuning: orange jessamine (Murraya paniculata)
dystropy: abnormal behaviour
dysthmia: Alternative form of dysthymia
dystasia: Alternative form of dysstasia
ecarteur: A type of retractor
ecophene: The range of phenotypes produced by a genotype in a particular habitat
Greygler: An employee of the technology company Google who is relatively old.
ecotaxis: Migration of cells (especially lymphocytes) into tissues that have an appropriate environment
ecphoria: A stage in memory retrieval in which a latent engram is activated
infocrat: A leader in an infocracy; one who controls the flow of information.
callsite: Alternative form of call site
beachcam: A camera set up to record images of a beach.
mee hoon: Alternative form of bee hoon
machodom: The realm, sphere, or world of the macho; those who are macho, taken collectively
corkline: The top line of a gillnet, which has attached floats (often, but not always, made of cork) that give that edge of the net buoyancy.
ski nose: Alternative form of ski-jump nose
ski-nose: Alternative form of ski-jump nose
yardgoat: A tractor, smaller than a yardhorse, for hauling loads around a shipping yard.
softhead: A fool; a silly or feeble-minded person.
triptich: Dated form of triptych.
blutcher: A leather half-boot.
houshold: Obsolete form of household.
ice cave: A natural cave, usually a lava tube or limestone cave, that contains significant amounts of perennial ice.
bring-in: An initial bet normally assigned on the first round of a stud poker game to the player whose upcards indicate the poorest hand.
tanksuit: A woman's one-piece swimsuit, or maillot.
pileolus: A little pileus.
Timariot: A soldier of the Turkish feudal militia, who received a timar.
searwood: wood dry enough to burn
catspeak: The language supposedly used by cats.
bass bar: A narrow length of wood affixed to, or occasionally carved from, the inside of the top plate of a violin-family instrument.
fern bar: An upscale bar or tavern catering to single yuppies, usually decorated with ferns or other greenery.
booterie: Alternative form of bootery (“boot shop”)
Lunarist: Alternative form of lunarist
lunarist: One who believes in the influence of the Moon on the weather of the Earth.
apulosis: the formation of scar tissue as part of the healing process
pilgrime: Obsolete form of pilgrim.
rebooter: One who reboots a system.
toplevel: Alternative form of top-level
entocone: The mesolingual cusp of an upper molar tooth
entosarc: Synonym of endosarc
fartette: (usually as "old fartette") An elderly woman; especially one who is not aware of the latest trends.
bass-bar: Alternative spelling of bass bar
mud-scow: Alternative form of mud scow
box file: A lightweight flattish cuboidal container with a hinged lid, suitable for storing a stack of papers.
mud scow: A flat barge used for transporting mud from a dredger
epilemma: Synonym of endoneurium
epiornis: The elephant bird (Aepyornis).
studbook: Alternative form of stud book
condulet: A conduit fitting with a removable lid to allow access to the wires within.
erythron: All the erythrocytes circulating in the bloodstream together with their precursors
exennium: A gift given at the New Year.
extispex: Somebody who predicts the future using entrails
nonscent: Absence of scent.
gokshura: An Indian herb of the genus Tribulis, used in traditional medicine.
essaykin: A little essay; essayette.
etimizol: A memory stimulant drug.
serotiny: seed dispersal as a result of an ecological trigger, typically fire
serotiny: The quality of being serotinous, requiring the heat of a wildfire to open.
ball cap: Alternative form of ballcap
eugnosia: The normal ability to recognise people or things
eucupine: Synonym of euprocin
eumetria: The normal graduation of the strength of a nerve impulse to match the need
homebird: A person who is unwilling to leave their childhood home or area.
exolever: An instrument used to extract tooth roots.
rat fuck: Alternative form of ratfuck
exorhiza: Any plant whose radicle is not enclosed by the cotyledons or plumule
rat-fuck: Alternative form of ratfuck
Ekka flu: Colds and influenza spread during, and possibly because of, the Royal Queensland Show.
gliocyte: Synonym of glial cell
dropsite: A site where something (such as paratroopers or supplies, or electronic data) is dropped (especially airdropped).
seedship: A spaceship designed to convey colonists to another planet etc.
gum boot: Alternative spelling of gumboot
gratinee: Alternative spelling of gratinée
bandemia: An excess of band cells released by the bone marrow into the blood.
airfleet: A fleet of (civilian or military) aircraft.
AVL tree: A self-balancing binary search tree, where, for each node, the heights of the two child subtrees differ only by at most one.
topogram: A two-dimensional image generated by tomography without being reconstructed into slices
gene gun: a device for delivering exogenous DNA (transgenes) to cells
gametoid: Any multinucleate gamete
supercab: A front compartment on a truck that includes an extra seat behind the driver's seat.
supercab: A truck that has a supercab.
farnesal: The sesquiterpenoid aldehyde (2E,6E)-3,7,11-trimethyldodeca-2,6,10-trienal (or a geometric isomer)
isoneral: The monoterpenoid aldehyde (3Z)-3,7-dimethylocta-3,6-dienal
sclareol: The bicyclic diterpenoid alcohol (1R,2R,4aS,8aS)-1-[(3R)-3-hydroxy-3-methylpent-4-enyl]-2,5,5,8a-tetramethyl-3,4,4a,6,7,8-hexahydro-1H-naphthalen-2-ol
omolanke: A pushcart.
sialuria: The presence of sialic acid in the urine.
premould: Alternative form of premold
panetela: Alternative form of panatela (“type of cigar”)
gulkhand: Alternative form of gulkand
gamchcha: Alternative form of gamucha
perwanna: An order or warrant issued by the nawab.
big room: Short for big room house.
fice dog: Alternative form of feist dog
bisacryl: Two acryl groups in a molecule
Epiphone: A guitar manufactured by Epiphone, now a subsidiary of Gibson.
crossarm: The horizontal member of a cross-shaped object, such as the horizontal bar of power poles or telephone poles.
timetree: A graphic representation of the evolution of an organism that shows the times when taxa diverged
unhooker: One who or that which unhooks.
epitropy: Alternative form of epitrope
biomimic: A biomimetic organism
geopbyte: 10³⁰ bytes; a thousand brontobytes
callalou: Alternative spelling of callaloo
sitzball: A sport somewhat similar to volleyball but played sitting down (and thus suitable for people with disabilities or amputations that diminish their capacity to stand).
ionocyte: A specialized epithelial cell, involved in the maintenance of osmotic homeostasis, that has many ion transporters
washdirt: Earth rich enough in metal to pay for washing.
chapathi: Alternative form of chapatti
cubosome: A type of liquid crystal nanoparticle
hexosome: Alternative form of hexasome
mimetope: Alternative form of mimotope
neogenin: A particular multifunctional transmembrane receptor
sarcosyl: A univalent radical derived from sarcosine
ear-rape: Alternative form of ear rape
bicyclam: Synonym of plerixafor or its octahydrochloride
benzamil: A benzyl derivative of amiloride
clipcage: A small device used to confine an insect to a leaf
astogeny: Any morphological change in colonial zooids as the colony grows
kalakaar: Alternative form of kalakar
paanakam: Alternative form of panakam
xylacine: Synonym of xylazine
playshed: A shed used as a playroom.
chiguire: Synonym of capybara
callrate: Alternative form of call rate
hexidium: An aromatic quaternary ammonium cation whose iodide is used as a fluorescent stain for nucleic acids
wehrlite: A type of peridotite that is a mixture of olivine and clinopyroxene.
wehrlite: A naturally-occurring alloy of bismuth and tellurium, primarily Bi₂Te₃.
deadband: The range through which an input can be varied without initiating an observable response. Deadband is usually expressed in percent of span.
deadband: In the domain of a transfer function, the band of input values where the output is zero. "(the output is 'dead' - no action occurs)"
deadband: Backlash in a mechanical system.
padyatra: A march or pilgrimage on foot.
kitmagar: Alternative form of khitmatgar.
starcast: A cast of celebrity actors in a film or play.
backball: A children's game in which one player throws a ball backwards over his/her head towards the others, who attempt to catch it.
minigrid: A small electricity distribution network.
minigrid: A component consisting of conductive horizontal and vertical filaments woven together.
heartman: A witch doctor who kills people to steal their organs.
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in genus Guaiacum (lignum vitae)
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in genus Tabebuia
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in genus Handroanthus
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in species Libidibia paraguariensis (syn. Caesalpinia melanocarpa), of Argentina
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in species Pseudalbizzia pistaciifolia, of Colombia
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in species Centrolobium yavizanum, of Colombia
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in species Minquartia guianensis, of Ecuador
guayacan: Any of various trees of Latin America which typically have strong, hard wood.
guayacan: in species Porlieria chilensis, of Chile
sesbania: Any of the plants of the genus Sesbania.
koliwada: A colony of fishermen.
kucheela: Alternative form of kuchela
mossland: Land abounding in peat bogs.
workgirl: A young female laborer.
dirtyard: Alternative form of dirt yard
ganthiya: A Gujarati fried snack made from gram flour.
Eurostep: A basketball move in which an offensive player picks up their dribble, takes a step in one direction, and then quickly takes a second step in another direction.
coumaryl: The trans-p-hydroxycinnamyl radical
gankyrin: An oncoprotein, having multiple ankyrin repeats, that forms part of a proteasome
headcoil: Alternative form of head coil
wineland: A region where grapes are grown for the production of wine.
kombivan: Synonym of kombi (“minivan”)
lassoist: One who uses a lasso.
soramimi: A homophonic translation of a song lyric, typically humorous; a mondegreen.
patutuki: blue cod (Parapercis colias)
prusside: Synonym of cyanide
streptin: A peptide antibiotic obtained from a genus of Streptomyces
sprouter: That which sprouts.
sprouter: A small container for growing sprouting plants such as bean sprouts.
submotif: A motif forming part of a larger motif.
submotif: A group of nucleotides that form a subset of a motif.
glucosan: Synonym of glucan
lucanica: A short, fat, rustic pork sausage in Ancient Roman cuisine.
pangopup: A young pangolin; a scaly anteater pup.
cornulin: A calcium-binding protein present in the upper layer of squamous epithelia
ovotoxin: A toxin found in eggs.
teraglin: any of several ocean fishes in the family Sciaenidae, especially:
teraglin: Atractoscion aequidens (Geelbeck croaker)
teraglin: any of several ocean fishes in the family Sciaenidae, especially:
teraglin: Atractoscion atelodus (small lunate caudal fin croaker)
teraglin: any of several ocean fishes in the family Sciaenidae, especially:
teraglin: Otolithes ruber (tigertooth croaker, silver teraglin)
muratina: A Kenyan alcoholic drink made from the dried fruit of sausage tree (Kigelia africana).
obsessee: One who is the object of someone's obsession.
upfitter: A person or organisation that upfits or upgrades something.
bargadar: A sharecropper.
biomodel: A mathematical model of a biological system (typically an ecosystem)
setworks: The mechanism in a sawmill that positions the log for the next cut.
exophily: The condition of being exophilic
inomycin: Misspelling of ionomycin.
evenizer: Something that makes things even.
sismance: A close but non-sexual relationship between women.
leetness: The quality of being leet or elite: excellence, superiority, or skill.
sequency: Half the number of zero crossings in the time base of a Walsh function.
sequency: A pattern or order of sequential items in a series.
cryoloop: A loop of tubing filled with a circulating body of cryogenic fluid
killbuck: A butcher.
killbuck: A violent person.
norinone: The bicyclic ketone (1R,5S)-6,6-dimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]heptan-4-one present in some essential oils
myrtenal: The bicyclic monoterpenoid aldehyde (1R)-6,6-dimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]hept-2-en-2-carboxaldehyde
miniwell: Any of a series of small wells (dimples in a flat surface) for holding liquid or for carrying out tests
killcalf: A butcher.
killcalf: A violent person.
kill-cow: Alternative form of killcow
stemloop: Alternative form of stem-loop
wordsize: The size of a word, normally 32 or 64 bits (binary digits).
mixmatch: Mismatch.
bikaryon: Either of the nuclei of a binucleate cell
ectodine: Alternative form of ectodin
kethoxal: 3-ethoxy-1,1-dihydroxy-2-butanone, an organic compound with antiviral properties.
reel-pot: A drunkard.
ixolaris: A polypeptide, present in ticks of the genus Ixodes, that inhibits tissue factor diseases
haemadin: An anticoagulant peptide present in the leech Haemadipsa sylvestris
ixodidin: An antimicrobial peptide present in ticks of the order Ixodida
cubesort: A parallel sorting algorithm that builds a self-balancing multidimensional array from the keys to be sorted.
moonboot: Alternative form of moon boot
daffadar: Alternative form of dafadar
belachan: A Malay condiment made from fermented shrimp paste.
duffadar: Alternative form of dafadar
Hitchiti: A member of an indigenous tribe formerly residing chiefly in a town of the same name on the east bank of the Chattahoochee River, in present-day western Georgia, United States.
aldarate: Any salt of an aldaric acid
buprinex: Synonym of buprenorphine
bentazon: The herbicide 3-isopropyl-1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one 2,2-dioxide
phantast: Alternative form of fantast
linescan: Alternative form of line scan
propagon: A vibrational mode that propagates as a plane wave
machtesh: Alternative form of makhtesh
pinakion: An ancient pinax or tablet.
makhtesh: A geological landform having steep walls of resistant rock surrounding a deep closed valley, usually drained by a single wadi.
kalathos: Alternative form of calathus
hydriske: A form of Ancient Greek pottery: a miniature version of the hydria.
propilin: A polypeptide that is a precursor of pilin
scanhead: The head of a scanner
shizonts: Misspelling of schizonts.
bruchine: Any bean weevil of the subfamily Bruchinae
tricodon: A group of three codons
nodosome: Any of a group of proteins that regulate the control of bacterial infections and inflammation
baroflex: Alternative form of baroreflex
curvette: Alternative form of curvet
curvette: Misspelling of cuvette.
gonoduct: Either of a pair of ducts, leading from a gonad to the exterior, through which gametes pass
mellitin: Misspelling of melittin.
oryzenin: A glutelin that is the main protein in rice
seductee: Alternative form of seducee
wagpasty: Alternative spelling of wagpastie
subvirus: An organism or substance, such as a viral protein, that is smaller than a virus and has some viral properties.
snap pea: A cultivar of pea, Pisum sativum, having an edible pod like the snow pea, but differing from the latter in that its pod is more rounded.
walewort: Alternative form of wallwort
entitlee: One who is or feels entitled.
cytogamy: The self-fertilization of parameciums without exchange of DNA
basecall: The assignment of a base to a chromatogram peak
isotocin: A derivative of oxytocin that occurs in fish
merotely: Misspelling of merotelically.
onconase: An antitumor ribonuclease proposed for use in chemotherapy
zonating: The creation of a zonation
actinome: All the actins of an organism
chondron: A chondrocyte and its associated pericellular microenvironment considered as a unit
hedonium: Matter arranged in a way that produces pleasure or happiness as efficiently as possible, as might be encouraged by philosophical hedonism.
ponyback: The back of a pony, as a seat for a person riding.
reflight: A second or subsequent flight.
pedotype: A type of paleosol, typically named after the location of an exemplar.
heat gun: A device used to emit a stream of hot air.
bombyxin: A brain peptide, related to insulin, responsible for activation of prothoracic glands in insects
dayboard: A shape affixed to the top of a sea mark or other aid to navigation (ATON) to indicate its status by day.
stab-rag: A regimental tailor.
genetrap: Alternative form of gene trap
ergosome: Synonym of polysome
groceria: A Hispanic grocery store.
iguanine: Any lizard of the genus Iguana.
diskerie: Alternative form of diskery
megalake: A very large lake, especially a prehistoric one
trip-hop: Alternative form of trip hop.
discaire: Alternative spelling of disquaire (“disc jockey”)
subjudge: Alternative form of sub-judge
talakawa: An ordinary citizen; a commoner.
huff-cap: Alternative form of huffcap
rollsign: A roll of flexible material with route numbers or destinations, found on buses or trams.
caveloin: Misspelling of caveolin.
adhesome: All the adhesion receptors of an organism
scorpine: An antimalarial peptide, isolated from the venom of the scorpion Pandinus imperator
zettabit: One sextillion (10²¹, or 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) bits or 1,000 exabits.
zettabit: a zebibit.
brevenal: A polycyclic aldehyde that inhibits brevetoxin, present in the dinoflagellate Karenia brevis.
iccosome: An immunocomplex body
odortype: An odor, determined by polymorphic genes, that distinguishes one individual from another of the same species.
balichao: A shrimp or krill paste used in Macanese cuisine.
ZZ plant: The aroid plant Zamioculcas zamiifolia.
grylline: Any field cricket of the subfamily Gryllinae
grubfish: Certain sandperches (Pinguipedidae)
lysotype: Synonym of phagotype
mucinase: A lyase that hydrolyses mucins
subtrait: A subsidiary trait
T-tubule: Alternative form of T tubule.
T tubule: One of the extensions of the cell membrane of striated muscle cells, running in a transverse manner, that permit the transmission of the action potential into the cell and regulate cellular calcium concentration.
hat head: Synonym of hat hair
headmold: A hoodmold.
hoodmold: US standard spelling of hoodmould.
sea area: Any of the 31 areas of sea, surrounding the British Isles, that are used in the Shipping Forecast
ergotype: An activation marker on a T cell
ergotope: Alternative form of ergotype
nembutal: A trade name of pentobarbital.
scapinin: A phosphatase that regulates actin
toposite: A cleavage site on a chromosome
viritope: A section of DNA that corresponds with a gene
brainbow: A graphical representation of parts of the brain in which neighbouring neurons are variously coloured with fluorescent dyes
sot-weed: tobacco
gambicin: An antimicrobial peptide present in the mosquito Anopheles gambiae
burstlet: A short burst (of energy)
burstlet: A form of packaging for liquids that "burst" in the mouth
lactosis: lactic acidosis
curtosis: Alternative form of kurtosis
sea-tree: Any of a number of branching corals that look like underwater trees
sea-tree: Any of a number of branching corals that look like underwater trees
sea-tree: A coral in the genus Aphanipathes
kirituhi: Maori-style tattooing worn by non-Maori people.
hwabyung: Alternative form of hwabyeong
firebell: An alarm bell sounded in the event of a fire.
caneball: The game of chinlone.
sheefish: Synonym of inconnu
swillpot: Alternative form of swill-pot
toss-pot: Alternative form of tosspot
moss-hag: A pit or slough in a bog.
baetylus: Alternative form of baetyl (“sacred stone”)
Q-Q plot: A probability plot, which is a graphical method for comparing two probability distributions by plotting their quantiles against each other.
kiss cam: A camera that photographs couples kissing during a sports event and displays the image on a giant screen
welcomee: The recipient of a welcome.
varicone: A varicose growth cone
aleurain: A protease, found in barley, related to cathepsin
bat star: A species of starfish, Patiria miniata, characterised by webbing between its arms.
halfmoon: Any of certain fish in subfamily Scorpidinae, such as
halfmoon: Any of certain fish in subfamily Scorpidinae, such as
halfmoon: a species of sea chub, Medialuna californiensis, native to the Pacific coast of North America.
halfmoon: Alternative form of half-moon
horcolin: A lectin that binds mannose
midslice: A slice taken from the middle
undercar: The underside or undercarriage of a car.
pinewilt: A disease of pine trees caused by the nematode Bursaphelenchus xylophilus
tweenase: Triacylglycerol lipase; a lipase that hydrolyses a triglyceride to form a 1,3-diglyceride.
go pedal: Synonym of accelerator, accelerator pedal
aptazyme: An aptamer fused with a ribozyme
bootscan: An antivirus scan that takes place before the operating system has loaded.
mycetome: Either of a pair of organs, in the gut of an insect, composed of mycetocytes, that are involved in the metabolism of vitamins etc
porthors: Alternative spelling of porteous
plextrin: Misspelling of pleckstrin.
city car: A small car designed to be used primarily in urban areas and conurbations.
separose: Misspelling of sepharose.
overawer: One who overawes.
hornerin: A protein present in the epidermis in response to a wound
prodnose: Synonym of busybody.
unabling: The act or process of rendering unable; disabling
trolless: a female troll
old wife: An old woman, later especially one who tells old wives' tales.
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: the alewife (Alosa pseudoharengus)
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: A species of perciform fish endemic to the temperate coastal waters of Australia (Enoplosus armatus)
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: Balistes vetula (Queen triggerfish)
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: Certain spot-tail porgies (Diplodus ascensionis, Diplodus helenae)
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: Spondyliosoma cantharus (black seabream)
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: Trachinotus goodei (great pompano)
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: A wrasse
old wife: Any of various marine fishes :
old wife: Any of various marine fishes
old wife: The long-tailed duck, Clangula hyemalis.
old wife: A chimney cap to prevent smoking.
Bessemer: Short for Bessemer steel.
Gwitchin: Alternative form of Gwich'in
zymolase: Alternative form of zymolyase
picklese: Alternative form of pikliz
gut bomb: Any greasy, filling junk food.
porogamy: The property of having the pollen tube in a seed plant enter the ovule by way of the micropyle.
overboss: A boss of underbosses in a criminal organization.
shoesole: The sole of a shoe.
clam gun: A hollow cylinder with a handle and a hole in the cap, used dig up clams by suction.
greenout: The sensation caused by seeing plants again after a period in Antarctica.
greenout: A feeling of sickness as a result of consuming excessive amounts of cannabis.
hogberry: Any of several plants or their berries, usually neglected by humans
hogberry: Hagberry, bird cherry (Prunus padus)
hogberry: Any of several plants or their berries, usually neglected by humans
hogberry: Byrsonima crassifolia
hogberry: Any of several plants or their berries, usually neglected by humans
hogberry: Margaritaria nobilis (bastard hogberry)
bincount: A count of the number of things in each element of an array
galagine: Alternative form of galagin
gunpaper: Alternative form of gun-paper
dungmere: A pit or pile where dung is mixed with other organic material to produce manure for fertilizer.
zincuria: The (normal or abnormal) presence of zinc ions in the urine
cow bell: Alternative form of cowbell
synodont: Any member of the genus Synodontis of catfishes.
synodont: Misspelling of cynodont.
alkayida: A Ghanaian dance with an emphasis on side-to-side moves, sometimes performed as a group.
apicidin: A fungal metabolite that is an inhibitor of histone deacetylase
tibisiri: ita palm fibre
workrate: The rate at which work is performed.
paypoint: A location where people can make payments for a service.
parapara: The tree Pisonia brunoniana.
tile red: The brownish-red the colour of baked tiles.
ovulator: An animal that ovulates (typically, in a specified manner)
nun buoy: A buoy somewhat in the form of a double cone.
manyroot: The plant Ruellia tuberosa.
penstaff: An upright plug for the drain of a mash tun.
zaffrani: Alternative form of zafrani
rockhole: A natural watering hole in the rock; a gnamma.
beefhead: A Texan.
actinase: A protease that hydrolyses actins
Euroband: A musical band from Europe.
agatoxin: Amy of a family of polypeptide toxins present in the venom of Agelenopsis aperta and similar spiders
bargeist: Alternative spelling of barghest
boltface: The front surface of a bolt in a firearm or back of the firing chamber, against which the cartridge rests.
moontime: The time of menstruation.
sidework: Work done by a waiter in a restaurant other than actually serving customers, such as stacking plates or preparing drinks.
nitrolim: Alternative form of nitrolime
coneworm: The larva of Dioryctria species.
Muntzing: The practice of reducing the components inside an electronic appliance to the minimum required for it to function.
heijunka: The smoothing of a production process so that intermediate goods are made available at a constant rate and inventory is always available when required.
backwing: An act of backwinging.
backwing: One of the posterior pair of wings on an insect.
backwing: The back portion of a bird's wing.
backwing: A wing-like projection on the upper back of some a Wayang puppets.
backwing: The flap of a dust jacket that folds around the back cover of a book.
backwing: A wing at the rear of a building.
zoom bag: flight suit
paratone: A sequence of intonations used to convey information concerning sentence structure.
spike-in: A short RNA transcript, of known sequence, used to calibrate sequencing
meat tea: High tea, at which meat was often served.
meat tea: A kind of broth made with meat, such as beef tea.
bursalis: A muscle moving the nictitating membrane, as in birds.
ice spar: A variety of feldspar remarkable for its transparent ice-like crystals.
multurer: One who pays a multure.
swanship: A ship shaped like a swan.
swanship: The status of being a swan; swanhood, swanness.
legbreak: Alternative form of leg break
gainline: Alternative form of gain line
left-off: cast-off; scrap
Orbilius: A schoolmaster who flogs his pupils.
J-horror: Japanese horror fiction in film, video games, and other popular culture, typically marked by psychological tension and supernatural elements.
bolekaja: A Nigerian taxibus.
agritech: Alternative form of agrotech
tapeball: Alternative form of tape ball
enhancin: Synonym of amoxocillin
enhancin: A metalloprotease that enhances nucleopolyhedrovirus infection
epicurve: A graphical representation of the number of cases at the start of an epidemic
hide-all: Something that conceals.
lutamide: A ceramide present in the giant-leaved fig tree Ficus lutea
lutamide: Synonym of flutamide
parabelt: A belt that can be used as an emergency tourniquet
viracide: Alternative form of viricide (“substance that kills viruses”)
mod pack: Alternative spelling of modpack
rondawel: Alternative form of rondavel
lacritin: A glycoprotein found in tears and saliva.
kaisoman: A professional calypso singer.
sevaiyan: Alternative form of seviyan
malafide: Something done in bad faith.
imambara: A congregation hall for Shiite commemoration ceremonies.
adhocism: Alternative spelling of ad hocism
bashfest: An event or situation involving a lot of bashing (whether physical collisions or criticism).
aquathon: Alternative form of aquathlon
pastrama: A traditional Romanian delicatessen meat, usually made from lamb, but also prepared with mutton or pork, that is cured and cold smoked, and served thinly sliced.
cuticlin: Synonym of cuticulin
calmyrin: A myristoylated calcium-binding protein implicated in Alzheimer's disease
fermitin: Any of a family of proteins that are required for integrin-mediated cellular adhesion
inversin: A ciliary protein that is required for normal renal development
o'ercome: Alternative form of overcome
megamine: A very large mine (site where minerals are dug up).
tonogram: The output of a tonometer
viscumin: Any of a group of toxic lectins present in mistletoe (Viscum album)
xilazine: Misspelling of xylazine.
Brahminy: A Brahminy kite.
Brahminy: A Brahminy duck.
hindhead: The rear part of the head.
nounship: The quality of a word or phrase behaving as a noun.
helcosis: ulceration
trashbox: A receptacle for trash.
trashbox: An electronic folder for deleted electronic mail.
trashbox: Synonym of flophouse
charpaya: Alternative form of charpoy
culicoid: Any mosquito or midge of the dipteran superfamily Culicoidea
decalone: The bicyclic alicyclic ketone decahydro-1-naphthalenone
guvacine: An alkaloid, 1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine-5-carboxylic acid, present in areca nuts
orthopox: Infection with an orthopoxvirus.
theorism: Synonym of theory
cineloop: A sequence of digital images from an ultrasound or nuclear medicine examination
omniapan: A theoretical member of all amateur press associations.
calmegin: A chaperone protein involved in adhesion of sperm to egg
aptatope: The binding-site of an aptamer
woodwool: Alternative form of wood wool
clamoxyl: Synonym of amoxicillin
makefray: Alternative form of make-fray
kelewele: A Ghanaian food made of fried plantains seasoned with spices.
eigenmap: The graph in which data points function as nodes and connectivity between nodes is governed by the proximity or correlation between data points.
gingette: A female with reddish-brown hair.
zeomycin: Synonym of zeocin
doosooty: A kind of cheap cotton material woven with the threads doubled.
bunjaree: Alternative form of banjari
banjaree: Alternative form of banjari
loonghee: Archaic form of lungi (“cloth worn around the waist”).
skyquake: An unexplained phenomenon that sounds like a thunderclap, cannon storm earthquake volcano or sonic boom coming from the sky, with no observable cause, heard in various countries around the world.
beerfest: A festival showcasing beers and similar beverages.
marjoret: a majorette
sasawood: Obsolete form of sassywood.
biogroup: A group of species (typically of bacteria) that have a distinct biochemistry
true rib: A rib attached to the spine and sternum, as opposed to a floating rib.
evacuole: A secretory vacuole
clonogen: A clonogenic cell, especially a tumorigenic one
diheptyl: Two heptyl groups in a molecule
hystatin: Misspelling of histatin.
gloverin: An inducible antibacterial protein present in the pupae of the giant silk moth Hyalophora
aeropyle: A system of air passages in the chorion of some insects that enables oxygen exchange with the environment
fly bomb: Alternative form of flying bomb.
vinculun: Misspelling of vinculum.
monkette: A female monk.
stanitsa: A Cossack village.
hevamine: A chitinase present in the rubber tree Hevea brasiliensis
pidolate: Any salt or ester of pidolic acid
pupylome: All the pupylated proteins of an organism.
cytoneme: Any of a group of thin projections from a cell that are used for the exchange of signalling proteins
oilstove: A stove or heater that burns kerosene.
minibeam: A small (narrow) beam
septamer: Synonym of heptamer
taillage: Alternative form of tallage
eldoniid: Any extinct animal of the family Eldoniidae
dystonin: A neuronal protein that is a form of plakin
metacoel: The caudal part of the fourth ventricle of the brain
metacoel: A secondary coelom
mesocoel: The cavity of the mesencephalon; the iter
piscidin: Any of a group of antimicrobial peptides present in fish
siomycin: Any of a group of peptide thiazole antibiotics isolated from the soil bacterium Streptomyces sioyaensis
toe drag: A deke in which a player uses the toe of their stick to drag the puck back towards themselves and out of a defender's reach.
bohemine: A purine derivative that inhibits cyclin-dependent kinases - 2-(3-hydroxypropylamino)-6-benzylamino-9-isopropylpurine
nevocyte: A nevus cell
blabtale: An informant.
blabtale: A gossip.
horopito: Either of two plant species in the Pseudowintera genus.
beadchip: A silica bead used to form a microarray when self-assembled in microwells
chimerin: A protein that regulates axogenesis
gleyosol: Synonym of gleysol
blue fly: A blue dipteran fly, especially the bluebottle, Calliphora vomitoria.
capsiate: A capsinoid used to cause weight loss
parvulin: A small enzyme that catalyses the cis-trans isomerisation of proline peptide bonds.
paranome: The complete set of paralogous genes in a genome.
probiont: Synonym of protobiont
thermode: A type of soldering equipment
thermode: A type of tools for thermocompresion equipment
samplary: A pattern; an example.
dissight: Something unsightly; an eyesore.
thallome: A thallus.
galuchat: fine sharkskin leather
sea rush: A rush of the genus Juncus: a waterside plant with slender stem-like pith-filled leaves that grows on coastlines.
committy: Obsolete spelling of committee
committy: Misspelling of committee.
dollship: The quality of being a doll; dollhood.
tylakoid: Misspelling of thylakoid.
zebeline: Obsolete form of sabeline.
teeterer: One who teeters, who is about to fall physically or to give into temptation etc.
chardoon: Obsolete form of cardoon.
diheptad: A sequence of fourteen bases composed of a repeated heptad
semitaur: A mythical beast, half man, half bull.
dimerism: The property of being dimerous.
brazenry: effrontery
dowfness: The quality of being dowf.
Syriarch: The chief priest in the Roman province of Syria.
cracklin: A form of chinaware that is purposely cracked in the kiln by way of ornamentation.
cracklin: Alternative form of crackling
ionomics: The study of ionomes
neoptile: The down or light, fluffy feathers on a young bird.
chickboy: A womanizer.
chickboy: A flirtatious man.
virazole: Synonym of ribavirin
aproptin: Misspelling of aprotinin.
biocrime: Any crime in which the weapon is biological or biochemical
boneworm: Any marine worm of the genus Osedax, including the bone-eating snot flower worm.
escarpid: Any tube worm of the family Escarpiidae
iodinium: Misspelling of iodonium.
lipokine: Any hormone that controls the metabolism of lipids
paytable: Alternative form of pay table.
satsiRNA: satellite small interfering RNA
satsirna: Alternative form of satsiRNA
bogeyism: Devilry; supernatural matters involving evil forces.
bogeyism: The portrayal of one's enemies as dreadful; scapegoating.
baudrons: cat
cormogen: cormophyte
spinnery: A mill or factory where spinning takes place.
tinselry: Glittering and tawdry material.
drammock: A simple food made from meal mixed with water.
punchion: Alternative form of puncheon
yakayake: Alternative form of yakayaka
yakayaka: steamed cassava
selictar: The swordbearer of a Turkish chief; a member of a Turkish cavalry corps.
farmstay: A working farm that also offers accommodation to paying guests.
boengkil: A fertilizer made from the refuse of oil mills.
rhabdome: In sponges, the shaft of a cladose rhabdus, bearing the cladome.
sublimit: A secondary or subsidiary limit.
putation: An act of considering; estimation.
dreamery: A place suited for dreaming.
aeromail: air mail
alveolin: A type of protease similar to astacin
baseling: One who is base or inferior
Trumpite: Synonym of Trumpist.
offthrow: The act of throwing off; (by extension) liberation
offthrow: That which is thrown off (i.e. discarded, ejected, or emitted)
Olivetan: One of an order of Benedictine monks founded in 1313, the original house at Monte Oliveto, near Siena.
periergy: Excessive caution or diligence.
compotus: Obsolete form of computus.
New Math: Alternative form of new math
woadster: One who dyes with woad
pepducin: A lipopeptide based on the intracellular loops of cell-surface receptors
rapeling: A child born as the result of rape.
aveolate: Misspelling of alveolate.
anagalid: An extinct mammal of the family Anagalidae or genus Anagale
scaphite: An extinct ammonoid of the genus Scaphites.
caprinid: Any extinct rudist of the family Caprinidae
entremet: An entremets.
chicklit: Alternative spelling of chick lit
dehusker: A machine that removes the husks (from coconuts etc)
lick-box: A gourmand; a glutton.
lickdish: A gourmand; a glutton.
dutching: The use of the Dutch book betting technique.
metafane: Synonym of methoxyflurane
liceling: Alternative form of louseling
orexigen: Any orexigenic substance
Linuxism: Any feature specific to the Linux operating system (usually in comparison to other UNIX-like systems like BSD).
otogelin: A glycoprotein of the acellular gel of the inner ear
palladin: A protein that is a component of actin-containing microfilaments that control cell shape.
miration: Display of surprise or wonderment, of marvelling at something; commotion.
smolting: The adaptation of smolts when migrating from rivers to seawater
triamino: Three amino groups in a molecule
charoses: Alternative form of haroseth
combolin: Any of a series of unusual musical instruments combining various other instruments, first created in the 1960s.
miniball: Misspelling of Minié ball.
portacot: A movable cot for an infant.
chazeret: A symbolic bitter herb eaten at Passover, typically Romaine lettuce, used in the korech sandwich.
bisquare: An extension of the least squares method that removes or downweights extreme outliers
chondyle: Misspelling of condyle.
arraylet: Any of the subarrays that make up a larger array-like data structure whose elements do not have to be stored contiguously.
mahaseer: Alternative form of mahseer
trocheus: Archaic form of trochee.
long egg: A machine-made cylinder of cooked egg (with the white surrounding the yolk), designed to be sliced (e.g. for garnishing sandwiches) or to be used in making gala pies etc.
peachery: A hothouse in which peaches are grown.
roadsman: Alternative form of roadman
memelord: A person known for creating or distributing memes (usually humorous material copied and circulated online).
thanakha: A yellowish-white cosmetic paste made from ground wood apple tree bark, worn mainly by Burmese women.
viewship: viewership
nagalase: The enzyme N-acetylgalactosaminidase
neoavian: Any bird of the clade Neoaves.
symbolry: The use of symbols, or systems of symbols; symbology.
hog plum: Any of several types of plants that produce plum-like fruit.
hog plum: Spondias spp., especially Spondias mombin
hog plum: Any of several types of plants that produce plum-like fruit.
hog plum: Colubrina spp.
hog plum: Any of several types of plants that produce plum-like fruit.
hog plum: Certain species of Prunus, particularly Prunus angustifolia (Chickasaw plum), Prunus rivularis (wild-goose plum), and Prunus umbellata (Allegheny plum)
hog plum: Any of several types of plants that produce plum-like fruit.
hog plum: Ximenia americana (false sandalwood, yellow plum)
hog plum: Any of several types of plants that produce plum-like fruit.
hog plum: Metopium toxiferum (poisonwood)
talanton: A talent (ancient unit of weight and money)
rootbark: Alternative spelling of root bark
non-food: A crop or product that is not intended for consumption as a food
gigantol: The bibenzyl phenol 5-[2-(3-hydroxy-5-methoxyphenyl)ethyl]-2-methoxyphenol that inhibits cancer migration
narcoxyl: xylazine hydrochloride
cussfest: An event or situation characterized by a great deal of swearing.
deshmukh: The head or ruler of a district.
trophism: Any specific form of nutrition involving the tissue of another organism
surprint: The printing of text or graphics elements on top of a background that is a different tint of the same color.
oversuit: A garment worn over set of clothing or another suit
Toltecan: A member of the Toltec people.
bergfall: The fall of a mountain rock.
birdnest: Alternative form of bird's nest
manology: The study of human beings.
retinoyl: A univalent radical formally derived from retinoic acid by removal of the hydroxyl group.
silaffin: A protein that acts as a matrix for the precipitation of silica in the cell walls of diatoms.
silladar: A member of a troop of irregular cavalry.
tealness: The condition of being teal.
rhinodon: A whale shark of the Indian Ocean.
buttlift: Alternative form of butt lift.
euthermy: The condition of being euthermic
histowax: wax used to embed histological samples
heminode: The end of a myelinated segment of a neuron
xenotype: Any of two or more variations of the same material from two or more different species.
floeberg: An accumulation of ice floes resembling an iceberg.
Erfurter: A person from Erfurt in Germany.
khanjiri: Alternative form of kanjira
remolade: Archaic form of remoulade.
khanjari: Alternative form of kanjira
idiotypy: The immune recognition of one ideotype by a system sensitized to other ideotypes in the same group.
idiotypy: The study or use of ideotypes within medicine.
statedom: The state of being a state (a polity).
ski-thru: Alternative spelling of ski-through
nanopump: A nanoscale pump
ovorubin: A chromoprotein, present in gastropod eggs, that is a proteinase inhibitor.
neoglans: A surgically constructed glans penis.
neoglans: A surgically constructed clitoral glans.
ratsnake: Alternative form of rat snake
thioacyl: A univalent radical R-CS- derived from a thiocarboxylic acid
veneroid: Any bivalve mollusc of the order Venerida
hypeness: excitement; excellence; coolness
soundome: Part of a fishfinder system, a dome that contains the sonar transducer.
biradari: Alternative form of baradari (“system of social strata”)
subilium: The lower layer of the ilium
lave net: A fishing net used for catching salmon
McMuffin: A type of breakfast sandwich sold by the international fast food restaurant chain McDonald's that typically consists of a slice of Canadian bacon, a griddle-fried egg, and a slice of American cheese on a toasted and buttered English muffin.
cosolute: One of two or more solutes in the same solution
talkover: An instance of talking over someone; an interruption that continues over another's speech.
landbird: Any bird that lives mostly on or over land (though may migrate over water)
ewe neck: A neck that is ewe-necked.
ewe lamb: A female lamb.
ewe lamb: A poor person's sole possession (in reference to the Bible, 2 Samuel xii).
nanoworm: A nanoscale "worm"
passtime: Obsolete spelling of pastime
pipecase: A box with a soft lining to protect a smoker's pipe while not in use.
sitology: The science of food and nutrition.
symmorph: A character different in form from another, but representing the same notion.
snitcher: One who snitches; an informer or informant.
snitcher: A handcuff.
metopism: The condition of having a persistent metopic or frontal suture.
colpitis: inflammation of the vagina
bush rum: strong illicitly-distilled home-made rum
goraksha: protection of cows, particularly as seen as a social or religious duty
baitworm: Any of various types of worm used as fishing bait
Birchism: Political ideology espoused by or associated with the John Birch Society, a conservative or right-wing organization in the United States.
Birchist: An adherent of Birchism, a supporter of the John Birch Society.
Birchite: A supporter of the John Birch Society.
epijugal: The armoured cheek-plate of dinosaurs such as triceratops
ionofore: Misspelling of ionophore.
neurabin: An actin-binding protein that inhibits phosphatase activity
drummock: Alternative form of drammock
primnoid: Any soft coral of the family Primnoidae
scarabid: Any scarab beetle of the family Scarabaeidae
raasclat: Alternative spelling of raasclaat
raasclot: Alternative spelling of raasclaat
worldful: As much or as many as would fill a world.
gunflash: The flash of a (naval, artillery, tank or hand) gun firing.
monoaxon: A cylindrical spicule of a sponge
eloxatin: Synonym of oxaliplatin
gamepark: Alternative form of game park
hand rub: A lotion used to moisturize the hands; a hand cream.
hand rub: A liquid used to sterilize the hands, often alcohol-based; a hand sanitizer.
she-shed: Alternative form of she shed
stibbler: One who cuts the handfuls left by the reaper.
stibbler: A clerical locum tenens.
she shed: A small building separate from the main home, reserved specifically for the use of an adult woman, in which she can relax and pursue her interests.
champart: The division of the produce of land, the right of the feudal lord.
saucerer: An assistant cook who made sauces.
pottager: Alternative form of potager (“porringer; kind of cup or dish”)
pottager: An assistant cook who made soups or stews.
dacoitee: Obsolete spelling of dacoity
axograph: A part of a kymograph that draws scales and/or axes on the output graph
alcoblow: The use of breathalyzers.
overseam: A seam in which the thread is at each stitch passed over the edges sewn together.
boneseed: An upright shrub in the sunflower family, Chrysanthemoides monilifera, which is native to South Africa but is an invasive pest in Australia and New Zealand.
boneseed: The subspecies Chrysanthemoides monilifera subsp. monilifera (the subspecies Chrysanthemoides monilifera subsp. rotundata being known there as bitou bush)
hareleaf: Any plant in the genus Lagophylla- annual flowers of the western US having leaves covered by dense, soft hairs reminiscent of a rabbit's fur.
era name: The regnal year, reign period, or regnal title used when traditionally numbering years in an emperor's reign and naming certain Chinese rulers.
bergmehl: Alternative form of bergmeal
ricolite: A stratified ornamental stone, a form of serpentine.
rauchite: A triclinic yellowish-green mineral containing astatine, hydrogen, nickel, uranium, and oxygen.
spotkick: Alternative form of spot kick
parishad: A governmental assembly or council in India.
khazeray: Alternative spelling of chazzerai
gornisht: Nothing; zilch.
foskolin: Misspelling of forskolin.
flammule: A little flame or flame-like pattern.
folivory: The eating of leaves, especially as a major part of the diet of a particular species of animal, such animals being called folivores.
Samboism: A servile attitude adopted by black people toward white authority.
linsheng: In the ancient Chinese imperial examination system, the first class of shengyuan, who were the best performers in the college exam, and got to receive government-issued rations and pay for their academic achievements.
agyatwas: A period of concealment or exile of the Pandavas.
slatback: A chair whose back incorporates at least two horizontal slats.
protamer: Misspelling of protomer.
khusimol: A sesquiterpene alcohol present in vertiver oil
vertiver: Alternative form of vetiver; a fragrant bunchgrass (Chrysopogon zizanioides).
literage: Alternative form of litreage
litreage: An amount measured in litres.
rheniite: A triclinic mineral containing sulphur and rhenium.
Skipetar: Alternative form of Shkypetar
glitazar: Any of a class of drugs used to control diabetes.
subfacet: A subsidiary facet
astacene: The carotenoid ketone 3,5,5-trimethyl-4-[(1E,3E,5E,7E,9E,11E,13E,15E,17E)-3,7,12,16-tetramethyl-18-(2,6,6-trimethyl-3,4-dioxocyclohexen-1-yl)octadeca-1,3,5,7,9,11,13,15,17-nonaenyl]cyclohex-3-ene-1,2-dione
low-beam: Synonym of dipped headlight
tie-down: Alternative form of tiedown
shipgirl: A female fictional humanoid character featuring design elements of a ship, such as anchors, naval guns or torpedo tubes. Usually is a namesake moe anthropomorphization of a real life warship.
heptosyl: Any univalent radical derived from a heptose
kemptide: A commercial protein kinase
kneedrop: A move in professional wrestling in which an opponent is dropped onto the attacker's bended knee
kneedrop: A trampoline stunt in which the performer drops to his knees then rebounds to a standing position
tadbhava: A word inherited from Old Indo-Aryan through a Prakrit used in a modern Indo-Aryan language.
ringpost: Any of the posts that surround the ring.
wormpick: Alternative form of worm pick
xylovore: Synonym of xylophage
xylazole: An analogue of xylazine, N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-2-thiazolamine
rug-pull: A sudden revelation that completely contradicts the assumptions one has been led to believe.
rug-pull: A fraud scheme where anonymous founders trick people into investing money for a cryptocurrency project which is then abandoned.
chilluns: Alternative form of chillun (children)
talkshop: An event or organization for the purpose of discussing a topic, rather than taking direct action.
biomotif: Any biochemical structural unit (typically a protein) that may be used to construct nanomachines
eudamine: Misspelling of eudemine.
eudemine: Synonym of diazoxide
ergatoid: Such an ant
tradthot: A woman whose self-professed support of traditional Western gender roles is viewed as insincere or opportunistic.
toothpad: Alternative form of tooth pad
fullerol: Synonym of fullerenol
ferality: The quality of being feral.
hesperin: The aglycone of hesperidin
apioside: Any glycoside of apiin
perfusor: Something that perfuses
perfuser: Alternative form of perfusor
pejority: pejoration; process of making or becoming worse
malstick: Alternative form of maulstick
punology: Alternative form of punnology
punsmith: A person who invents puns, or plays on words.
twigwork: Architectural details constructed of twigs and branches to form decorative motifs in buildings and furniture.
cook out: Alternative form of cookout
nonictus: The absence of ictus.
fernshaw: A thicket of ferns.
phytosis: dermatophytosis
harekind: Hares, taken collectively.
thinwire: 10BASE2, a form of Ethernet using thin coaxial cable
otoconin: Any of a group of matrix proteins present in otoconia
radialis: A radial muscle, artery, or nerve.
ramicorn: One of several horny pieces on the sides of a bird's lower beak.
xylonate: Any salt or ester of xylonic acid.
adrenate: Any salt or ester of adrenic acid
baccatin: Any of a group of complex organic compounds present in the yew tree Taxus baccata
pussydom: The quality of being a pussy (coward, weakling).
pussydom: The state of being a cat.
pussydom: The quality of being a pussy (seen as having characteristics associated with cats).
guanosyl: A univalent radical derived from guanosine
imelysin: Any of a family of peptides first discovered in a Pseudomonas
tantrist: A devotee of tantrism.
norvanol: A form of denatured alcohol
alalunga: Alternative form of alalonga
shiester: Alternative form of shyster
oedipism: Self-infliction of injury to the eye, especially enucleation.
poneroid: Any ant of the subfamily Ponerinae or related taxons.
reactome: All the biochemical reactions that take place within a particular organism
homegame: Alternative form of home game
Fanariot: Alternative form of Phanariot
boyardom: Boyars collectively.
heedance: Heed.
pitboard: A board used to communicate brief important information to a racing driver such as driver name, laps, and current position in the race.
hardover: The condition where a control surface or actuator has moved to its extreme limit.
hardover: An instance of a control surface or actuator moving to its extreme limit.
aranzada: A traditional Spanish unit of land area, equivalent to about 4472 m², chiefly used for vinyards and olive groves.
aranzada: A Sicilian dessert made from candied orange peel in honey and toasted almonds.
mudansha: An unranked or beginning practitioner of Japanese martial arts.
epicidin: A staphylococcin produced by Staphylococcus epidermidis.
epiphase: The upper, less dense phase of a multiphase system
formozan: Any of a class of dyes derived from the reduction of tetrazolium salts
liration: malacology A helical line, ridge or row of bumps spiraling around the shell of a gastropod.
fenamate: Any salt or ester of fenamic acid
bust-out: An escape attempt, usually from a prison.
bust-out: An attempt at cheating, such as gambling with weighted dice.
bust-out: A commercial bankruptcy caused for deliberate and nefarious purposes by organized crime; any deliberately contrived bankruptcy.
Campaspe: A man's mistress.
call-off: A day on which an employee has called off.
call-off: A call given to a trained dog to tell it to stop doing something.
call-off: Synonym of blanket order
dilactyl: Two lactyl groups in a molecule
okavirus: Any virus of the genus Okavirus that infects crustaceans
rainsuit: A waterproof suit.
rug pull: Alternative form of rug-pull
setation: A growth or covering of setae
hashlock: A Bitcoin feature that restricts the spending of an output or multiple outputs until a specified piece of data is publicly revealed.
Jucheism: Support for the political philosophy of Juche.
red time: slang for time on.
chimerid: Alternative form of chimaerid
tetraqua: Four water molecules in a chemical compound.
decalead: Ten atoms of lead in a chemical compound.
nonalead: Nine atoms of lead in a chemical compound.
octalead: Eight atoms of lead in a chemical compound.
tuskfish: Any wrasse of the genus Choerodon
hexazinc: Six atoms of zinc in a chemical compound.
berdiche: Alternative form of bardiche
deredere: A character who is extremely sweet and energetic, and focuses their love on a single character
nieshout: Synonym of sneezewood
actibelt: A belt that has an accelerometer built into the buckle.
altosome: An asymmetric structure of nucleosomes produced by modifying a polynucleosomal array.
caprofen: Misspelling of carprofen.
pishtaco: A mythical white male demon in South American folklore, who steals and eats the bodyfat of indigenous South Americans, or cuts up their flesh to convert it into food.
papionin: Alternative form of papionine
slumburb: A poor municipality on the outskirts of a city, often the result of gentrification driving the urban poor to move far from the city center.
Clansman: Alternative spelling of Klansman (KKK)
yardfowl: A chicken raised in a yard.
yardfowl: A political sycophant.
tectorin: Any of a class of protein present in the tectorial membrane
jumpgate: A fictional device able to create an Einstein-Rosen bridge portal (or wormhole), allowing fast travel between two points in space.
alkamide: Any alkyl amide, especially a bioactive one
tilt fan: Aircraft in which a propeller or fan can be used in a horizontal position for vertical takeoff or landing (VTOL) and then rotated for forward movement.
parabema: In Byzantine ecclesiastical architecture, the chapel of the prothesis or the diaconicon, or sacristy, where divided by walls from the bema or sanctuary.
long six: A candle weighing one sixth of a pound, about eight inches long.
runelore: The study of runes, typically for magical or religious purposes.
centropy: Negentropy.
pilework: A structure built of piles; piling.
basality: The condition of being basal
basepeak: The most intense peak in a mass spectrum
calindol: A phenylalkylamine calcimimetic N-[(1R)-1-(1-naphthalenyl)ethyl]-1H-indole-2-methanamine that facilitates the activation of a calcium-sensing receptor
postform: An item in its final version after a manufacturing or engineering process.
postform: The form or version something has after a process completes.
postform: A form that is filled out after the completion of something.
postform: A form that is designed to be filled out and sent through the mail.
kay-fabe: Alternative form of kayfabe.
cohortee: A member of a cohort
milktree: Any of the latex-producing flowering plants in the genus Sapium.
oatgrass: Any of various grasses resembling oats:
oatgrass: Arrhenatherum species
oatgrass: Any of various grasses resembling oats:
oatgrass: Avenula species
oatgrass: Any of various grasses resembling oats:
oatgrass: Danthonia californica, California oatgrass
oatgrass: Any of various grasses resembling oats:
oatgrass: Trisetum species
endocone: A calcareous conical structure on the shells of cephalopods of the genus Endoceras
meconine: Alternative form of meconin
tsungtuh: Alternative form of zongdu
hexaloop: A motif that has six loops of nucleic acid
speldron: Alternative form of speldring
trigonon: A small triangular harp.
seargent: sergeant
micoalga: Misspelling of microalga.
monozinc: A single zinc atom or ion in a compound
nec fasc: Necrotizing fasciitis.
prostein: A protein that is expressed in the cytoplasm of benign and malignant prostate cells
stiparin: A glycoprotein, present in sea cucumber dermis, that aggregates collagen fibrils
römerite: A yellow-brown triclinic mineral containing iron, hydrogen, oxygen, and sulphur.
count-up: Alternative form of countup
count-up: Enumeration
count-up: Alternative form of countup
count-up: Session for counting something
xenoline: A form of xenograft.
wormball: A spherical agglomeration of earthworms that forms during very wet weather
tailcone: Alternative spelling of tail cone
karozzin: A type of traditional carriage pulled by a horse or pair of horses.
sahibdom: The condition of being a person of rank, especially a British person, in colonial India.
sed rate: Erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
art line: Arterial line.
voorhuis: entrance hall, front room
geomycin: Any of a group of plant antibiotics related to oxytetracycline
invasome: A liposomal vesicle used for drug delivery through the skin
sugarbag: A bag, typically made of cloth, for holding sugar.
sugarbag: Wild honey or honeycomb.
loftmate: Someone with whom one shares a loft.
ramarama: A species of evergreen myrtle tree, Lophomyrtus bullata.
spurcity: Filth, impurity.
prolixin: Synonym of fluphenazine
virenose: A particular methylated deoxysugar that is used as a biomarker
mardarse: A person who whines and complains a lot.
manqabat: A Sufi devotional poem in praise of Ali ibn Abi Talib, the son-in-law of Muhammad, or of any Sufi saint.
spinitis: inflammation of the spinal cord in the horse, etc.
screwman: A laborer who uses screws to make adjustments
overgown: A gown worn over other clothing.
try line: In rugby, the line at the end of the pitch past, or on, which the ball must be placed to score a try
hyponome: A tubular organ of a cephalopod, used to expel water.
thridace: The inspissated juice of lettuce.
sinkroom: A room containing a sink for washing things; a scullery.
Glyconic: Synonym of Glyconian
demilion: The upper or front half of a lion.
apextrin: An extracellular protein associated with larval ectoderm evolution in some sea urchins
restavek: Alternative spelling of restavec
restavec: In Haiti, a child sent by their parents to work for another household as a domestic servant
bakchodi: idle or worthless chatter
firecock: A cock or spout to let out water for extinguishing fires.
benzoase: Misspelling of benzonase.
bioprobe: A biological or biochemical probe
biligand: A bivalent ligand
deepfake: A convincingly realistic but fake image, video, or audio created with the use of artificial intelligence, especially one that imposes the face of one person onto the body of someone else.
downpick: A downward stroke with a plectrum on a stringed instrument; downstroke.
chirpine: A Himalayan pine, Pinus roxburghii
diadromy: The state of being diadromous
mylodont: Alternative form of mylodon
sad tree: The night-blooming jasmine.
scrouger: Something large; a whopper.
egg-cosy: Alternative form of egg cosy
egg-cozy: Alternative form of egg cosy
egg cozy: Alternative form of egg cosy
egg cosy: A small cover made of wool or other material and designed to be placed over a boiled egg to keep it warm.
email ID: e-mail address
scolexin: A plasma protein that induced immunological coagulation in response to some infections
Homerite: Obsolete form of Himyarite.
cation-π: A noncovalent interaction between a cation, a positive ion like Li⁺ or Na⁺, and an aromatic residue such as benzene, ethylene, acetylene.
pal care: Palliative care.
sure bet: Synonym of safe bet, good bet, fair bet
safe bet: Something that is almost certainly true.
good bet: Synonym of safe bet, sure bet, fair bet
moneyist: A person who is focused on making money; a capitalist.
Falu red: A hematite pigment used to make a deep-red paint traditionally used on wooden cottages and barns.
deadhang: Alternative form of dead hang
rabbeter: A woodwork tool for forming rabbets.
tabarder: One who wears a tabard.
vankyrin: A viral ankyrin
blingage: Synonym of bling bling.
gookland: Any unspecified country inhabited primarily by people of East Asian or Oceanian descent, such as China, Korea, Japan, Vietnam, or the Philippines.
dropfoot: Alternative form of foot drop
apyrogen: Any apyrogenic material
parafrag: A kind of small bomb dropped with a parachute, and pre-scored to break into one-inch pieces.
overetch: The condition of being etched too deeply.
zadovite: A colourless trigonal mineral containing barium, calcium, flourine, oxygen, phosphorus and silicon.
limetwig: A twig smeared with birdlime, used to catch or snare birds
limetwig: A snare; a trick or device
limeyard: Synonym of limerod
limeyard: An area where lime is mined, processed, or kept
dandyess: A female dandy.
ulwaluko: The Xhosa ritual of circumcision and initiation into manhood.
vas cath: “Vascular access catheter”, a specialised central venous catheter used in dialysis.
bullywug: A fictional frog-headed humanoid monster from the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
normotic: normopath
icaritin: A flavonoid 3,5,7-trihydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-8-(3-methyl-2-buten-1-yl)-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one that enhances osteoblastic differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells
oxyester: An ester of an oxyacid
packmule: A mule used as a pack animal
picoalga: Any very small alga
thyropin: Any of a class of thyroglobulins that are proteinase inhibitors
show end: The end of a piece of cloth on the outside of the roll, for exhibition to customers.
towerman: a person employed in a railroad switch tower to control and direct the movement of cars and trains.
monorepo: A monolithic repository, where core code and its dependencies are included in the same repository.
landhold: A landholding, a piece of land that is held (owned).
well car: an open low-sided freight car with a lowered body.
dioptine: Any moth of the subfamily Dioptinae
summiter: Someone who reaches a summit, in particular of Mount Everest.
paintjob: Alternative form of paint job
kurtoxin: A polypeptide toxin, in the venom of the scorpion Parabuthus transvaalicus, that inactivates some ion channels
lipomics: The genomics of lipid metabolism
relaxome: Misspelling of relaxosome.
murabaha: A financing arrangement where a bank or other party buys an item and sells it on at an agreed price including profit, typically in instalments.
testiole: The structure, in the testes, from which spermatogonia are generated
cab unit: a diesel or electric locomotive with a full-width body for its entire length.
tomonoid: A totally-ordered monoid
Northite: A supporter of Frederick North, Lord North (1732–1792), British Tory politician.
fen fire: will-o'-the-wisp
anthrome: An anthropogenic biome
mispress: A vinyl record with incorrect content pressed, due to a manufacturing mistake.
nitrider: A machine that carries out nitriding.
dumpyard: A junkyard.
hoonigan: someone who hoons, that is, drives in a reckless manner.
Chindian: A person of mixed Chinese and Indian ancestry.
snitchee: One who is snitched on; the subject of an informer's intelligence.
ittardan: A small decorative bottle used to hold attar.
cembrane: A ceramic membrane used in water treatment
decaheme: A structure, on the surface of a bacterial cell, that mediates electron transport
cembrene: Any of a class of cyclic diterpenes based on (1E,3Z,6E,10E)-3,7,11-trimethyl-14-propan-2-ylcyclotetradeca-1,3,6,10-tetraene
dodecene: Any monoalkene that has twelve carbon atoms
diiodate: Any salt containing two iodate anions
flowgram: An image in Standard flowgram format
gonomery: A form of division of a nucleus in which maternal and paternal chromosomes remain on each side of a central spindle during metaphase and anaphase
pithball: A ball made of plant pith, used in early experiments with electricity.
humphead: A humped head
rheocord: A metallic wire used in measuring the resistance of an electric current.
koreaboo: Alternative letter-case form of Koreaboo
skelloch: A squeal.
Koreaboo: A non-Korean person who is obsessed with Korean culture (especially K-pop or K-dramas).
terpenol: Misspelling of terpineol.
staybolt: A rod with threaded ends, used as a stay in a boiler, firebox etc.
hodmadod: Alternative form of hodmandod
hashflag: A non-Unicode pictogram, similar to an emoji, automatically appended to a trending and often branded hashtag in a tweet.
eryonoid: Any extinct decapod crustacean of the family Eryonidae
lomasome: A paramural body associated with the membranes of plant and fungal cells
squawman: Alternative form of squaw man
hierurgy: A sacred performance.
dipteros: A building with double peristyle or colonnade.
prionoid: Any misfolded protein similar to a prion
pyruvoyl: The univalent radical derived from pyruvic acid by loss of a hydroxyl group
gatelite: A monoclinic mineral with formula CaCe₃Al₂(Al,Mg)(Mg,Fe2+,Al)(Si₂O₇)(SiO₄)₃(O,F)(OH,O)₂
senktide: A neuropeptide that is a tachykinin receptor agonist
sennidin: Any of a group of dihydroxyanthrones present in senna
agriloid: Any beetle of the genus Agriloides
apoplasm: The fluid in an apoplast
apomucin: The apoprotein of a mucin
mail car: a railroad car in which mail is carried and sorted.
bucandin: A neurotoxin in the venom of the krait Bungarus candidus
budbreak: The emergence of a bud, especially on a vine
backslab: A type of cast that is non-circumferential, only covering the posterior aspect of a limb, in order to permit swelling.
carbovir: A chemical compound containing hydroxymethyl cyclopentene bound to guanosine which is active against some viruses. IUPAC name is 2-amino-9-[(1R,4S)-4-(hydroxymethyl)cyclopent-2-en-1-yl]-3H-purin-6-one
chelipod: Misspelling of cheliped.
kionedon: Writing that is vertical, as on a pillar (kion)
elpidiid: Any sea cucumber of the family Elpidiidae
rivetter: Alternative form of riveter
hormetin: A material that produces hormesis
Pyraminx: A puzzle similar to a Rubik's Cube but shaped like a triangular pyramid (tetrahedron)
Nile red: A lipophilic stain with applications in cell biology, prepared through acid hydrolysis by boiling a solution of Nile blue with sulphuric acid.
altigram: A plot of altitudes produced by an altigraph.
mirnyong: Alternative form of mirrnyong
pine box: coffin
inotocin: A neuropeptide, similar to oxytocin, present in ants
icesheet: Alternative form of ice sheet
laterope: A depression on an abdominal tergum of a Hymenoptera
leafmine: Alternative form of leafminer
Megaminx: A puzzle similar to a Rubik's Cube but shaped like a dodecahedron
cephalgy: Dated form of cephalalgia.
mucocyte: A mucus cell
poppiite: A greenish-brown monoclinic mineral that is a basic silicate of calcium, vanadium, iron, magnesium and aluminium
neopathy: A newly-identified disease
neopathy: Misspelling of neuropathy.
wingplay: Alternative form of wing-play
clearnet: The normal Internet, as opposed to the darknet or Tor-web
pectocin: A bacteriocin related to Pectobacterium
geofront: An underground urban area built to expand a city that is geographically limited.
profurca: A bundle of muscles in the thorax of some insects
subjoint: A secondary or subsidiary joint.
orbitoid: Any foraminifer of the family Orbitoididae.
twintron: An intron within another intron.
himpathy: Inappropriate sympathy given to men or boys, especially those who are guilty of sexual transgressions.
kuomboka: A ceremony, in the upper reaches of the Zambezi, to mark the end of the rainy season
nepaline: pseudaconitine
acquital: Obsolete spelling of acquittal.
tree nut: Any of the nuts that grow on trees.
synomosy: A group of political or other conspirators bound together by oath; a secret society.
Danteism: The literary style of Dante Alighieri.
clyfaker: A pickpocket.
bopyroid: Any isopod of the superfamily Bopyroidea
manicole: A palm tree of the genus Euterpe which is native to Central America, South America, and the West Indies; especially the açaí palm (Euterpe oleracea).
manicole: The Guyana manicole palm or manacachilla (Prestoea tenuiramosa), a species of palm tree native to South America; also, the wood of this tree.
bryopsid: Any moss of the class Bryopsida
capripox: A viral disease of sheep, goats and cattle caused by infection with capripoxvirus
caytaxin: A protein, mutations of which cause a variety of cerebellar diseases such as Cayman ataxia
diactine: A spicule (of a sponge) that has two pointed arms
armarian: Synonym of armarius (“medieval monastery librarian”)
armarius: The librarian in a medieval monastery, who kept, repaired and catalogued its manuscripts and books.
sabulite: An explosive containing ammonium nitrate, calcium silicide and trinitrotoluene.
blastine: An explosive containing ammonium perchlorate, sodium nitrate, trinitrotoluene, and paraffin wax.
farrerol: A phenolic chromenone based on (2S)-5,7-dihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-6,8-dimethyl-2,3-dihydrochromen-4-one
fiefhold: A fief (that is held).
gnatwren: Any of several birds of various genera in the family Polioptilidae which are browner and more thickset, and have proportionally shorter tails and longer bills, than their relatives the soft blue-grey gnatcatchers.
chacmool: A stylized, pre-Columbian Mesoamerican stone sculpture depicting a reclining male figure with the head raised and turned to one side, holding a small tray over the stomach.
pictarny: Alternative form of pictarnie
negatome: The set of all pairs of noninteracting proteins in an organism
myzozoan: Misspelling of myxozoan.
nanofold: A nanoscale fold (in a protein etc)
humaniac: A person with overzealous views in support of animal welfare.
octapine: Misspelling of octopine.
oithonid: Any copepod of the family Oithonidae
neoculin: A heterodimeric protein, in the fruit of Curculigo latifolia, that modifies sour tastes to sweet
poraniid: Any starfish of the family Poraniidae
cysticle: A small cyst.
amberite: A kind of smokeless powder.
feastday: Uncommon spelling of feast day.
pteridin: Any erniettomorph of the genus Pteridinium
syconoid: A member of the genus Sycon of sponges.
harmosty: The rank or office of a harmost.
tetraxon: A tetraxonal spicule of a sponge
seepwood: The plant Sarcobatus vermiculatus.
cerasine: Alternative form of cerasin
postiler: Alternative form of postiller
panotype: A picture made by the collodion process.
Paul Pry: A nosy person.
ten foot: Alternative spelling of tenfoot
metatool: A tool that is used to make or modify another tool.
esotrope: A person who has esotropia
diergism: The existence, in a single species, of two distinct ways of a structure or organ functioning.
hemibody: Either half of the body
gyradius: Radius of gyration.
mormyrin: Any elephantfish of the subfamily Mormyrinae.
octapole: Alternative form of octupole
twistout: A kind of knockout (partially punched opening) that can be removed by twisting.
lensatic: A compass of this kind.
cropmark: A sign of the former location of some feature (such as a wall or a ditch) revealed by variations in plant growth on the surface.
cropmark: Any of the marks placed at the corners of a form to indicate where the page is to be trimmed.
chippery: A restaurant that sells chips.
'Strayan: Alternative form of Strayan
omnitude: The fact or condition of being all.
bedwench: Alternative spelling of bed wench.
Danteist: A scholar of the poet Dante Alighieri.
sponsing: Alternative form of sponson
sphenone: The quinone 3,6,7-trimethoxyphenanthrene-1,4-dione present in the herb Sphenomeris blflora
countout: The awarding of a match to a wrestler after their opponent has been counted out (usually after ten seconds of being outside the ring) by the referee.
synapate: Misspelling of sinapate.
racahout: A Middle Eastern dish made from acorns.
moon dog: A paraselene.
algorave: An event where people dance to music generated from algorithms, often improvised on the spot.
athresia: Misspelling of atresia.
bastadin: Any of a series of brominated aromatic amides based on (2Z)-3-(3-bromo-4-{3-bromo-5-[(2Z)-3-{[2-(3-bromo-4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]amino}-2-(hydroxyimino)-3-oxopropyl]-2-hydroxyphenoxy}phenyl)-N-[2-(3-bromo-4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]-2-(hydroxyimino)propanamide
way back: The part farthest in the back, as of a passenger vehicle.
Libertad: Any of certain silver and gold bullion coins originating from Mexico and minted by La Casa de Moneda de México (the Mexican Mint).
dapediid: Any extinct fish of the family Dapediidae
appaller: One who appalls.
dismayer: One who dismays.
suncrack: A crack in the earth produced by solar heat.
suncrack: One of the superficial markings frequently seen on the surfaces of thin-bedded flagstones and argillaceous sandstones.
penorcon: An old musical instrument of the cittern family, with nine pairs of strings.
salsilla: Bomarea edulis, an ornamental flowering plant bearing edible tubers.
trevalla: Any of various medusafish of the family Centrolophidae, especially Hyperoglyphe antarctica and Seriolella punctata.
trevalla: A trevally.
warchief: Alternative form of war chief
trunklid: The lid of the trunk of a car.
mirnaome: Alternative form of miRNAome
wing bar: A band of contrasting color or of feathers with a distinct appearance that crosses a bird's wing.
wing bar: A sand bar or spit at the side of a river, bay, or harbor.
wing bar: A support strut on for the wing of an airplane.
wing bar: One of two shallow bars on either side of the flue of a small boiler, designed to fill the space resulting from the extreme curvature of the flue.
mattness: The quality of having a matte finish; lack of gloss.
laachite: A brown monoclinic mineral containing calcium, iron, manganese, niobium, oxygen, titanium and zirconium
padstool: toadstool
ovatoxin: Any of a group of toxins, related to the palytoxins, produced by the dinoflagellate Ostreopsis ovata
Zui Quan: Alternative spelling of zui quan
sebestan: Alternative form of sebesten
aproning: Material for making aprons.
powsowdy: Alternative form of powsowdie
humpsore: stephanofilariasis
trewsman: One who wears trews.
austinol: A polycyclic meroterpenoid present in Aspergillus
rereform: An act of rereforming.
backflux: flux in the reverse direction
clitocin: A nucleoside analog in mushrooms of the genus Clitocybe.
euplotid: Any ciliate in the family Euplotidae or the order Euplotida of chromists.
eurybath: A eurybathic organism.
morrhuol: An organic compound believed to be the active principle of cod liver oil.
cannoner: One who fires a cannon; a cannoneer.
boodlery: Synonym of boodlerism (“greed for money, especially among politicians”)
rusticke: Obsolete form of rustic.
merogeny: Synonym of merogenesis
lovekins: Alternative form of lovekin
upcycler: One who upcycles.
gynosome: A penis-like organ in female Neotrogla.
sociomap: A graphic representation of a social network
Square-1: A puzzle similar to a Rubik's Cube that can change shape due to the way it is cut.
lessoner: A teacher.
lessoner: A student.
sambista: A samba musician.
pointism: A monistic ontology of physics founded on points.
eventism: A monistic ontology of physics founded on events.
abraxane: A form of paclitaxel combined with an albumin
anthurid: Any isopod of the family Anthuridae
motorium: The part of the nervous organism that is instrumental in the exertion of motor influence.
calatase: Misspelling of catalase.
cleavase: A form of endonuclease that cleaves at the junctions between single- and double-stranded DNA
recordal: The process of recording a document, making a public record; recordation.
omnigamy: A social system in which each man of a community is married to all the women and each woman is married to all the men.
wide-gab: anglerfish
rye wolf: An evil creature of German folklore lurking in the rye-fields.
macrorna: Alternative form of macroRNA
macroRNA: Relatively large RNA
aqualite: A pink trigonal mineral containing calcium, chlorine, hydrogen, potassium, sodium, oxygen, silicon, strontium and zirconium.
deadwork: Unprofitable work that is necessary as a preliminary, e.g. preparing a mine before ore can be extracted.
spergula: Any of the plants of the genus Spergula.
mist net: A net, made from fine strands that are nearly invisible, used to catch birds so that they may be ringed or studied.
medicane: A hurricane-like storm that forms in the Mediterranean Sea.
natsirna: Alternative form of natsiRNA
natsiRNA: natural siRNA
readymix: Alternative form of ready-mix
damascus: Ellipsis of Damascus steel.
helenite: A greenish artificial gem, made by melting and vitrifying volcanic ash from the 1980 eruption of Mount Saint Helens.
robonaut: A humanoid robot designed to perform relatively complex physical operations on space missions.
tchungke: Alternative form of chunkey
grampers: Grandfather.
dracanth: Obsolete form of tragacanth.
callover: A session where trial dates are allocated to upcoming cases.
callover: A bookmakers' meeting to discuss the odds.
callover: The calling out of a list of securities on a stock exchange so that dealers can bid for them.
benchman: A worker who uses a workbench.
Putinist: A supporter of Putinism.
busroute: Rare form of bus route.
slipform: A type of process for setting concrete which uses moveable forms that are moved and reused once the concrete is stiff enough to retain its shape under its own weight.
slipform: A moveable form used when setting concrete using the slipform technique.
day coal: The upper stratum of coal.
apostome: Any ciliate of the order Apostomatida
runstand: The number of runs scored by two batters in a partnership
bandpath: A lightpath for light in a particular wavelength range (band)
barcrawl: Alternative form of bar crawl
cololite: A petrified worm cast.
cololite: Fossilised intestine contents.
cruisken: Alternative form of cruiskeen
boobhead: A prisoner, especially a repeat offender
jonathan: An instrument used by smokers to light pipes
mongerer: Alternative form of monger.
mongerer: One who sells a particular commodity.
mongerer: Alternative form of monger.
mongerer: One who promotes something undesirable.
eubiosis: microbial balance within the body
downmass: The payload mass carried down to Earth from low Earth orbit.
hybodont: An extinct shark (or similar fish) of the order Hybodontiformes.
fortnite: Obsolete form of fortnight.
isovoxel: Any of a thee-dimensional grid of equally-sized voxels
Boxerism: The beliefs and policies of the Boxers in China.
filemark: A special value used on computer tape to separate individual files.
rishitin: A terpenoid phytoalexin produced by some plants of the Solanum family, including potato and tomato.
pHluorin: A pH-sensitive GFP-based protein
splinker: Abbreviation of sequencing primer linker.
Asianess: Alternative spelling of Asianness
moonmoon: A moon that orbits a larger moon.
dumbkopf: Misspelling of dummkopf.
tecomine: The alkaloid (4R,7S,7aS)-2,4,7-trimethyl-3,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-1H-cyclopenta[c]pyridin-6-one present in Tecoma
sunfleck: A brief patch of sunlight in the understory of an ecosystem.
treehole: Synonym of tree hollow
antpitta: Any of the small, insect-eating passerine birds in family Grallariidae, of subtropical and tropical Central and South America.
advillin: A gelsolin that regulates the morphogenesis of neurons
alcalase: A protease obtained from Bacillus licheniformis
entocele: morbid displacement of parts
acerglyn: A mead made with honey and maple syrup.
beanplot: An alternative form of boxplot in which individual observations are shown as small lines in a one-dimensional scatter plot.
rhizanth: A parasitic flowering plant, all of which were formerly assigned to the order Rhizantheae.
botryane: Any of a group of terpenoids that are secondary metabolites of the ascomycete Hypoxylon
chagasin: A Trypanosoma protein that inhibits cysteine proteases
sidegirl: A female soloist playing with a band or group of which she is not a regular member.
fleckerl: A dance step, involving revolving without moving forward, sometimes used in a Viennese waltz
dipodoid: Any rodent of the superfamily Dipodoidea
dipodine: Any rodent of the subfamily Dipodinae
eigenSNP: A mathematical abstraction of a single-nucleotide polymorphism that is associated with an eigenvector
ambivore: An animal that feeds on a variety of foods of different kind.
gymnosis: The delivery of single-stranded antisense oligodeoxynucleotides to cells in the absence of transfection
Caviteño: A person from Cavite.
hemibulb: Either half of the olfactory bulb
Davaoeño: A person from the Davao region or Davao City.
lachnine: Any aphid of the subfamily Lachninae
p-zombie: Abbreviation of philosophical zombie.
yamberry: Any of a collection of small, pea-sized edible bulbils that form on the vines of Chinese yam Dioscorea polystachya.
Butuanon: An ethnolinguistic group descended from the Rajahnate of Butuan that inhabits present-Butuan in the Philippines.
Butuanon: A person coming from Butuan, regardless of ethnicity.
methadon: Alternative form of methadone
basskaap: Alternative form of baasskap
pronapin: A storage protein present in Brassica napus
saltmine: Alternative form of salt mine
albondin: A cell receptor that binds albumin.
coxiness: cockiness
palstaff: An old Celtic and Scandinavian weapon consisting of a wedge of stone or metal fixed by a tongue in a staff.
threstle: A three-legged stool.
tun-moot: An assembly of the town or village.
sloebush: The blackthorn.
aegypiin: Any vulture of the subfamily Aegypiinae
Tuvinian: Tuvan
alginase: Any enzyme that hydrolyzes an algin
aklavine: Synonym of aclacinomycin
hetærism: obsolete typography of hetaerism
seatpost: Alternative spelling of seat post
biothiol: Any biochemical thiol
centiray: Alternative form of centiRay
cidaroid: Any primitive sea urchin of the order Cidaroida
congomen: Misspelling of cognomen.
cellwork: cloisonne
lawn job: A prank or act of revenge in which a motor vehicle is used to produce unsightly tire tracks on a person's lawn.
toponome: The spatial network code of biomolecules, particularly proteins in living cells and tissues.
midtibia: The fourth segment of the midleg of an insect (typically of a mosquito)
phakitis: inflammation of the crystalline lens of the eye
geopathy: geopathic effects generally
taupathy: Alternative form of tauopathy
teguline: Any spider of the genus Tegulinus
tan ride: An enclosure spread with tan for riding horses in.
solarist: One who tends to overstate the role of the sun in explaining the roots of mythology.
chaffron: Alternative form of chamfron
clerkage: The work of a clerk.
spur-way: bridleway
frothery: Something lightweight or insubstantial; froth; drivel.
psychill: A subgenre of psytrance that is influenced by reggae and psybient.
psybient: A musical genre that is a fusion of psytrance and ambient.
grumphie: A sow (female pig).
endoloop: A specific type of ligature
Lavengro: A member of the Roma who has mastered the study of words or language; a Roma scholar.
tokolosh: Alternative form of tokoloshe
carritch: A catechism.
babariga: Alternative form of babanriga
commutal: commutation (of a sentence)
vivapain: Any of a group of cysteine proteases in Plasmodium vivax
woodfrog: Alternative form of wood frog
plogging: jogging and picking up litter
agitoxin: A peptide toxin in the venom of some scorpions
binwidth: The numerical width of a bin
chip hat: A cheap kind of hat, made of strips of the leaves of a Cuban palm tree.
menopome: The hellbender (Cryptobranchus alleganiensis).
conopsin: The pigment present in cone cells of the eye
tapacolo: Alternative form of tapaculo
mambrino: A medieval iron hat.
autogeny: spontaneous generation
motswako: A subgenre of hip hop music popular in Southern Africa.
Dilscoop: A kind of batting stroke, aiming to go on one knee to a good length or slightly short of length delivery off a fast- or medium-paced bowler and 'scoop' the ball over the head of the wicketkeeper, straight towards the boundary.
wateryam: Alternative form of water yam
pehelwan: A wrestler.
Whitweek: The week that begins with Whitsunday.
flavinyl: A univalent radical derived from a flavin.
forewind: A favourable wind.
rasagola: Alternative form of rasgulla.
gallwasp: Alternative form of gall wasp
rasgulla: A South Asian dessert made from chhena dumplings in a sugar syrup.
Kevinism: A tendency to use exotic, especially American, first names for children, especially in German-speaking areas.
cerosine: Alternative form of cerosin
wren-tit: Alternative form of wrentit
run game: The running component of a team's offense, as distinct from passing and kicking.
makarapa: An elaborately decorated plastic helmet worn in South Africa by football fans.
fad diet: A restrictive diet whose main goal is short-term weight loss.
fad diet: A diet that is experiencing temporary popularity; a fad in food.
tambiolo: A fish bowl or barrel-shaped container where balls used in a raffle or a lottery are placed. In the case of a raffle, tickets may also be used. Can be made out of wire, glass, clear plastic, etc. Often has a handle, which, when rotated, mixes up the balls or tickets.
tambiolo: A system by which the government gives out assets, such as land, supposedly at random, but which some feel is actually rigged.
Bobadill: Alternative form of Bobadil
jib door: A door that is flush with the outside wall, intended to be concealed.
sestolet: sextuplet
retozide: Synonym of isoniazid
sex comb: An appendage, in the male of some flies, used to grasp the female prior to mating
huweteng: Alternative form of jueteng
clerkery: The work of a clerk.
cloudery: A mass of clouds, or anything resembling clouds.
kim chee: Alternative spelling of kimchi
levelman: A surveyor who operates a leveling instrument.
one pair: A poker hand that contains two cards of one rank, plus three cards which are not of this rank nor the same as each other.
scheroma: Dated form of xeroma.
aphidine: Any of the subfamily Aphidinae of aphids.
bilosome: A niosome composed of bile salts
gyrocone: (An organism with) a gyroconic shell.
ciproxin: Synonym of ciprofloxacin
dehydron: A protein motif composed of a defectively-packed backbone hydrogen bond that acts as an adhesive
freeburn: An unconstrained fire.
bungarra: A large Australian monitor lizard, Varanus gouldii.
kalabule: corruption; black marketeering
minelife: The operational lifespan of a mine (site for excavating resources).
lovebead: A bead made from a dyed seed pod, strung in a long beaded necklace and worn by men or women as part of countercultural fashion in the 1960s and 1970s.
footpage: A young man who is employed to run errands; errand boy.
lieberal: Pejorative for liberal, as considered particularly prone to lying.
executee: The victim of an execution.
karrikin: Any of a group of butenolide derivatives formed in burning plant material
bushchat: Any of a number of small insect-eating birds in the muscicapid genus Saxicola.
bushchat: Any of several African birds in the genus Cercotrichas.
sapremia: Alternative form of sapraemia
bugology: The study of insects.
winged T: A formation with two halfbacks, where one lines up just behind the line of scrimmage between the split end and the offensive tackle, and the other lines up behind the quarterback and next to the fullback.
dirt pie: Synonym of mud pie
rainpour: A heavy rainfall.
thenable: An object or function that exposes a then method returning a promise.
dead-leg: Alternative form of dead leg (blow to the upper thigh)
dead-leg: Alternative form of deadleg (pipe with no outflow)
dead-leg: Alternative form of deadleg (movement with hips and knees held stiff and straight)
end feel: Alternative form of end-feel
end-feel: The quality of resistance that occurs when a joint is at the end of its range of movement.
machboos: Synonym of kabsa (“rice dish”)
tanicyte: Misspelling of tanycyte.
homekill: The slaughter of one's own animals on one's own property.
telocyte: A form of interstitial stem cell
yatalase: A commercial enzyme preparation used to digest fungal cell walls
ion wind: airflow induced by electrostatic forces linked to corona discharge arising at the tips of sharp conductors subjected to high voltage
deadmelt: The process of deadmelting steel.
deadcake: A small cake or cookie served at a funeral in Dutch-settled colonial New York, often with the initials of the deceased inscribed.
iceshelf: Alternative form of ice shelf
hay-bote: Alternative form of haybote
Justicar: Alternative form of justicar
justicar: A representative and enforcer of the king or ruler's justice.
fucoidin: Any of a group of fucosan sulfates present in brown algae of the genus Fucus.
kneeband: The band at the bottom of a leg on a pair of breeches.
lapsiine: Any spider of the genus Lapsias
penaeoid: Any prawn of the superfamily Penaeoidea
sclerine: Synonym of exine
minisack: A relatively small bag of granular or pelletized material, typically weighing tens of pounds.
warfront: Synonym of battlefront (“region or line along which opposing armies engage in combat”)
leaffall: The act or process of dropping leaves.
horngeld: A kind of tax on cattle.
hoistman: A person who operates the hoisting machinery.
Tom-turd: A person employed to empty privies.
hatguard: A string or cord used to keep a hat on the wearer's head.
hermitry: The state of living as a hermit.
hermitry: The secluded place where a hermit dwells; hermitage.
griptape: Alternative form of grip tape
geoprobe: A probe used for studying the earth.
velation: A veiling; concealment; mystery.
Seidlitz: Saline water of or from Seidlitz in northern Bohemia.
Seidlitz: Seidlitz powder.
trypetid: Any fruit flyin the family Trypetidae, now considered to be the tephritid subfamily Trypetinae.
busy box: A young child's toy that features multiple activities
Quintade: An organ stop corresponding to pewter pipes of 16, 8, 4, and 2 feet.
Holy Joe: A minister, chaplain, priest or preacher.
Holy Joe: A man who is sanctimonious, or at least heavily religious, also one who is extremely pious.
denehole: An underground structure consisting of a number of small chalk caves entered by a vertical shaft.
yabusame: A Japanese form of mounted archery
quintade: Synonym of pentad: A 5-year period, particularly in reference to the first and second halves of calendrical decades.
submoron: A person whose intellect is less than that of a moron.
grey hen: A female of the black grouse, Lyrurus tetrix.
grey hen: A large stone bottle for liquor.
Sangrado: A bloodletter.
entransy: Half the product of internal thermal energy and temperature. For a given temperature difference, maximization of the entransy dissipation results in the maximum heat flux and thus corresponds to the optimal heat conduction performance.
shivambu: urotherapy
coligand: Either of two or more different ligands in a compound
stibinin: An organometallic heterocyclic compound formally derived from benzene by substituting one carbon and hydrogen atom with antimony.
five-six: A moneylending scheme stereotypically associated with Indian nationals, especially Punjabis, in the Philippines.
stephane: An Ancient Greek headdress like a coronet.
encapsin: A hydroxypropyl derivative of cyclodextrin
endorgan: Alternative form of end organ
danshiki: Alternative form of dashiki
brockage: A type of error coin in which one side of the coin has the normal design and the other side has a mirror image of the same design impressed upon it.
chubhead: Rhomboplites aurorubens (vermillion snapper)
crawldad: The crayfish.
war club: Alternative form of warclub
houpulin: An oligomer of honokiol present in magnolias
demolect: The community language used by the people of a country.
wolfaboo: Someone who is obsessed with wolves and identifies with them, especially a furry or otherkin.
inceldom: The state of being involuntarily celibate.
hardbass: A subgenre of electronic music from Russia, characterized by heavy basslines and a fast tempo.
nanowell: A nanoscale well (in a laboratory equipment)
logpoint: A point in program code at which a message is logged for debugging.
picozoan: Any unicellular eukaryote of the phylum Picozoa
Wintroll: A trollish user who advocates the Microsoft Windows operating system.
oughtism: The habit of doing things only because one feels that one ought to do them.
playbarn: A building containing indoor play equipment for children, such as slides and ball pits.
jhumming: The practice of cutting down and burning the vegetation from an area of forest in order to create farmable land.
robotaxi: A self-driving car that can be hired on a per-journey basis by passengers.
khusuusi: The ruling government of various Darwiishian administrations.
thynnine: Any wasp of the subfamily Thynninae
Whatsapp: Alternative letter-case form of WhatsApp
ulvalean: Any green alga of the order Ulvales
nanohorn: Any nanostructure in the form of a horn.
chidling: Alternative form of chitterling
rampsman: A highway robber.
petchary: gray kingbird (Tyrannus dominicensis)
precular: A beadsman.
crinkums: jail fever; typhus
crinkums: venereal disease
Havannah: Dated form of Havana (“type of cigar”).
hook pin: A pin with a hooked head, used to pin together the frame of a floor or roof.
holy man: A man who has devoted himself to religious practice, especially one who has absented himself from society to follow his religion; an ascetic or saint.
wordfact: A supposed fact that is published by way of propaganda, so that readers take it to be true.
eye-word: A word encountered more often in writing than in speech, and thus liable to be pronounced incorrectly.
sincamas: Alternative form of singkamas
wildbore: A kind of woolen fabric used for clothing.
tuck-out: A tuck-in; a hearty meal.
spit box: Alternative form of spitbox
low-sock: A pair of cymbals, positioned at ankle height, operated by a pedal.
pinchgut: Alternative form of pinch-gut
caramide: Misspelling of ceramide.
agnogene: A gene that expresses an agnoprotein.
cryotank: An insulated tank used for the storage of cryogenic liquids
cosexual: Such a plant
dipslide: Alternative form of dip slide
vaporium: A curved hollow metal sheet that is filled with boiling water and used for the therapeutic application of heat.
vaporium: A steam bath (room for taking steam baths).
vaporium: A shop where one can buy e-cigarettes and vaping paraphernalia, sometimes with a lounge for smoking them.
chehalis: The mountain beaver (Aplodontia rufa).
envokine: Any of a particular class of chimeric cytokines
flavonal: The aldehyde 2-phenyl-4-oxo-4H-1-benzopyran-3-carbaldehyde
orthopia: normal vision; absence of visual disorder
rattoner: A ratcatcher.
unstrike: A collective action by members of a trade union in which they appear at work but protest in some way such as passing out leaflets or refusing to wear a uniform.
viscance: The amount of energy that dissipates due to flow in a viscous system.
bastable: A cast iron pot that is suspended over an open fire, often with hot coals placed on the lid for more even cooking.
fan oven: Synonym of convection oven
odontode: A structure resembling a tooth on the surface of some animals
otomorph: Any fish of the cohort Otomorpha
avonymic: A name acquired from one's grandfather.
brimfire: Sulfurous fire such as is associated with Hell; hellfire.
rerepeal: An instance of rerepealing.
rhizobox: A container for plant experiments in which rhizosphere soil is held separate from the bulk soil
spumigin: Any of a group of peptides that are protease inhibitors
hick-hop: A genre that combines country and hip-hop, often equated with country rap.
view bar: A tool that allows users to see a number of different views of programmes.
link bar: A web tool that gives connections to other sections of the website.
misoxeny: Aversion to foreigners or strangers.
subqubit: Alternative spelling of sub-qubit
benifits: Misspelling of benefits.
symbiome: A biome of the symbiotic relationships between species
flea-bag: Alternative form of fleabag
'ologist: Alternative form of ologist
botralin: A polycyclic phenol that is a fungal metabolite
bodenvag: Any plant that is indifferent to the pH of the soil.
courtlet: A petty court.
Triodion: The liturgical book used by the Eastern Orthodox Church, containing the propers for the fasting period preceding Easter and for the weeks leading up to the fast.
crutcher: A vessel in which the ingredients of soap are stirred with a crutch (form of prop).
crutcher: One who shears the hindquarters of a sheep.
shireman: A sheriff.
dinokont: Any dinoflagellate having ventral flagella
eimerian: Any apicomplexan parasite of the genus Eimeria.
eidology: The study of mental imagery
floppase: Any enzyme that transport lipids from the cytosolic to the exoplasmic face of a cell
forkolin: Misspelling of forskolin.
sea loch: An arm of the sea, similar to a Norwegian fjord and to a firth. Most sea lochs are on the west coast of Scotland, Loch Torridon is one example.
half pay: Reduced pay, as of naval or military officers when not in active service.
Wahabism: Alternative form of Wahhabism
proppage: That which props or supports.
shy Tory: A person who intends to vote for the Conservative Party but who does not reveal this fact when polled.
fernseed: The spores of ferns, once believed to have magical properties when properly gathered.
hive bee: The common honey bee.
mesarchy: A vascular system in which development spreads both toward and away from the axis center.
endarchy: A system in which decision-making is centralized.
endarchy: A vascular system in which development starts nearest the axis center and spreads outward.
calendry: The calculation and development of calendars, especially the determination of the timing of astronomical movements.
calendry: A specialized calendar or set of calendars.
calendry: A place set aside for calendering.
pterioid: Any marine bivalve of the superfamily Pterioidea
merkland: Alternative form of markland
jagirdar: One who holds a jagir.
trophesy: Malnourishment due to a disorder of the nervous system.
capotain: A tall-crowned, narrow-brimmed, slightly conical sugarloaf hat, worn from the 1590s to the 1700s in Europe and England.
toxisome: Any structure, in an organism, in which toxins are created
viscosin: A biosurfactant, [[(2S)-2-[[(3R)-3-hydroxydecanoyl]amino]-4-methyl-pentanoyl]amino]-5-oxo-pentanoic acid, produced by Pseudomonas fluorescens
beam sea: A sea whose waves come from abeam and roll against the ship's side. The waves strike the ship beam-on.
C spring: Alternative form of cee spring
elf-bolt: A belemnite.
elf-bolt: A magical bolt used by elves in battle.
dice box: Alternative form of dicebox
canalman: A boatman who works on a canal.
dusthole: A hole or other receptacle for rubbish; a dustbin.
fish-fag: A woman who sells fish.
crenator: Any anionic amphipath that inserts itself into the outer layer of a lipid bilayer to form a convex curvature
hash run: A sort of paperchase organised by the Hash House Harriers.
demihorn: Either of two nasal processes that fused to form the horn of some dinosaurs
Bohemism: A word or idiom of the Czech language (that has been borrowed by another language).
supersub: A substitute player who significantly contributes to a team's success.
supersub: In non-standard cricketing rules, a substitute player who is able to come on and replace any player at any point during the game, and to take over the other player's batting and bowling duties.
supersub: A particularly well-equipped and powerful submarine (underwater vehicle).
neshamah: Alternative form of neshama
siderate: A plant that is grown alongside a crop in order to improve its growth; A companion crop.
hippurid: A plant of the former tribe Hippurideae, now considered to be part of the Callitricheae; a mare's tail.
Czechism: A word or idiom of the Czech language (that has been borrowed by another language).
Czechism: Czech nationalism.
megaword: A unit of storage or capacity equal to 10⁶ (or 2²⁰) words
subtrope: A trope that is a subtype of some other trope.
gameport: A hardware port for communication with a game controller.
freelist: Alternative form of free list
schnorer: Alternative form of schnorrer
linecard: Alternative form of line card
shtinker: collaborator; traitor; informer
e-circle: A social circle on the Internet.
housegod: A household deity.
shlepper: Alternative form of schlepper
sovranty: Alternative form of sovereignty
sandwave: Alternative form of sand wave
sea corn: A yellow cylindrical mass of egg cases of certain species of whelks, resembling an ear of maize.
foreneck: The front section of a bird's neck
hornline: Collectively, the horn players of a band, especially a marching band
clubtail: Any of a number of species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
clubtail: Any of various papilionid butterflies of the genus Losaria, having a club-like extension to each hindwing.
maindeck: The principal deck of a ship or vessel
dweebery: The state or condition of being a dweeb.
iris out: An iris shot used at the end of a scene
fulvetta: The common name for a bird belonging to the genera Alcippe (family Alcippeidae) or Fulvetta (family Paradoxornithidae).
Finn saw: A bow saw or Swede saw.
bodymass: Synonym of bodyweight
windbill: A signed agreement to act as guarantor for another's debt.
jazz dot: A soul patch.
vagrance: Vagrancy, wandering.
remandee: A person who is remanded
climbout: The period after takeoff and before cruising, during which the aircraft climbs to a predetermined altitude.
climbout: A ladder or other construction on a slope that allows wildlife to exit safely from a freeway, highway, etc.
criocone: An organism or fossil with a crioconic shell, or such a shell itself.
toxocone: An organism or fossil with a toxoconic shell, or the shell itself.
bananary: Alternative spelling of bananery.
tarcrete: A kind of tarry soil near mineral oil sources formed from oil and soot droplets with sand or gravel, precluding plant growth.
unrenown: Lack of fame or renown; obscurity.
away day: Alternative spelling of awayday.
broaster: A deep-frying pressure cooker used for broasting food.
wolfshit: The excrement of a wolf.
hillstar: One of several varieties of hummingbirds, principally of genus Oreotrochilus, which live at higher altitudes.
homedawg: A homeboy.
tea lead: Thin sheet lead, used in lining tea chests.
flycraft: A machine, device, or vessel that is capable of flight
isovalue: An isovalue line
lactomer: A copolymer of glycolide and lactide used as a suture
matrilin: Any of a group of proteoglycan-associated proteins that are major components of extracellular matrix of various tissues
topcross: A hybrid produced by crossing a superior or purebred male with an inferior female.
Hamsheni: Alternative form of Hemshin
pneumose: A deoxy- derivative of talose
pinopode: Alternative form of pinopod
subflock: A subset of a flock (of animals)
spinella: Small hard tooth-like structures that may be present on the gonosaccus.
termicin: An antifungal peptide which also exhibits weak antibacterial activity
Bangalee: Archaic form of Bengali.
moiderer: murderer
hypotext: An earlier text which serves as the source of a subsequent piece of literature.
dilaurin: Either of two isomeric diglycerides of lauric acid
ice disc: Synonym of ice circle
eudyptid: Misspelling of eurypterid.
ice disk: Synonym of ice circle
fumerase: Misspelling of fumarase.
craftful: A quantity that a craft (any sense) contains.
junctive: An element of syntax that serves as a junction.
frenatin: Any of a group of peptides in the skin of the white-lipped tree frog (Litoria infrafrenata).
puckball: A puffball fungus.
thesises: Misspelling of theses.
gridcell: Alternative form of grid cell
inosinyl: A univalent radical derived from inosine; the acyl group derived from inosinic acid
leucocin: Any of a group of bacteriocins produced by bacteria of the genus Leuconostoc.
eeephing: Alternative form of eefing
pannexon: A group of pannexins that form a channel through the membrane of a cell
war-time: Alternative spelling of wartime
eliminee: Someone who is eliminated, especially from a reality show
eliminee: A soldier who fails to meet the requirements of a special training course.
weedrace: A form of wheat (Triticum aestivum) that grows in Tibet.
vinnexin: A viral form of an innexin
vicillin: Alternative form of vicilin
vicillin: An aminobenzyl derivative of penicillin
vinnexon: A viral form of an innexon
web moth: Any moth that creates web-like structures for its larvae or whose larvae spread webbing over the plants on which they feed.
ascarite: A form of silica that has a coating that absorbs carbon dioxide
bosminid: Any anomopod of the family Bosminidae
bryconid: Any fish of the family Bryconidae
anomopod: Any crustacean of the suborder Anomopoda
egophile: Someone characterised by excessively high self-esteem or who is obsessively enamoured with themselves.
xenolite: Xenolith.
walipini: An earth-sheltered cold frame.
Wahabite: Alternative form of Wahhabite
cornfest: A festival celebrating the harvesting of a corn crop.
manefish: A perciform fish of the family Caristiidae
washaway: The washing away of earth, a road, structure etc. by flood, or the channel caused by this.
allotypy: The occurrence of multiple allotypes within a single individual.
cornacre: Alternative form of conacre
spanemia: Alternative form of spanaemia
tephroid: A variety of tephrite.
law list: An annual publication containing all information regarding the administration of law and the legal profession.
roadweed: The plant Plantago major, the greater plantain.
portalet: A portapotty, a portable toilet.
aerotope: A gas-filled vesicle in the cells of some cyanobacteria
livewell: A well in a fishing boat where fish are kept alive.
chadrool: Alternative spelling of jadrool
griegite: Misspelling of greigite.
helixase: Misspelling of helicase.
kinglist: A document, especially a historical one, which lists kings (for example of Egypt or Sumer).
sub-moon: Synonym of moonmoon
retinoma: A (normally benign) tumour of the retina
brosmaid: A male bridesmaid. A male attendant to a female bride at a wedding.
rifamide: Any amide of rifamycin.
whiteleg: Alternative form of white leg
alloflap: A flap of skin used in allotransplantation
pop-corn: Archaic form of popcorn.
burrhole: Alternative form of burr hole
cabletie: Alternative form of cable tie
excilamp: A lamp in which the light is produced by excimers
isoactin: Any isoform of an actin
borstall: Alternative form of borstal (“way up a hill”)
chestage: The exposed chest, especially the cleavage of the breasts.
docimasy: The art by which the nature and proportions of an ore are determined; assaying.
docimasy: The examination of poisons.
serapeum: A temple or other religious institution dedicated to the syncretic Greco-Egyptian deity Serapis.
metafold: Any of a group of topologically-related folds in proteins
metanode: A node, in a graph, that represents a subgraph that is at a lower level of abstraction
slitlamp: Alternative form of slit lamp
restater: One who restates something.
dekotora: Alternative spelling of decotora (decorated truck)
decotora: A genre of Japanese big trucks, which are customized by their owner-operators into graphic and sculptural displays of their creativity, and cruise the roads of Japan hauling loads.
hallpass: Alternative form of hall pass
ribsteak: A beefsteak cut from the primal rib area of a bovine, with the rib bone attached to the steak cut. A bone-in rib steak.
ribsteak: A similar cut from another animal.
ribsteak: A bone-in or boneless cut of steak, either the rib or ribeye steak.
bellfrog: Alternative form of bell frog
whitewax: bleached beeswax
whitewax: Chinese wax; pela
Brit Lit: British literature, especially a class taken in high school.
karyotin: chromatin
headturn: A turn of the head (typically in response to a stimulus)
cobbette: Alternative form of cobette
near cut: A shortcut; a quicker route.
e-thlete: Alternative form of ethlete
limacoid: A slug of the family Limacidae.
shufflon: A plasmid that "shuffles" recombination sites on DNA segments
seasnake: Alternative form of sea snake
apritone: The derivative of cyclopentanone 2-[(2~{E})-3,7-dimethylocta-2,6-dienyl]cyclopentan-1-one that is used as a synthetic apricot flavour
basophyl: Alternative form of basophil
biodecay: biological or biochemical decay
Eurotort: A tort relating to the right to repatriation within a national legal system for breaches of directly applicable European Union law..
davanone: Amy of several ketones, derived from tetrahydrofuran, that are used in perfumes
dioleate: Any salt or ester that has two oleate groups
gay lady: A female prostitute.
capeshit: Tiresome, derivative films about the exploits of superheroes.
georadar: Ground-penetrating radar.
pulpmill: Alternative form of pulp mill
book bin: A bin for collecting or storing books.
progamer: Alternative form of pro-gamer
lipozyme: A commercial form of lipase
oxylipid: Any lipid derived from an oxylipin rather than a normal fatty acid
picopump: A very small pump that is used with microinjections
cold pig: The act of throwing cold water over a sleeping person to wake them.
stilyaga: A member of a youth counterculture from the late 1940s until the early 1960s in the Soviet Union, who followed Western music and fashion.
stakebed: A kind of flatbed truck equipped with sockets to hold stakes so as to enclose the loaded goods.
thelitis: Inflammation of the nipple or teat.
teashirt: Misspelling of teeshirt.
zylazine: Misspelling of xylazine.
toxinome: All the toxins produced by a particular organism
mespilus: Any member of the flowering plant genus Mespilus (now Crataegus sect. Mespilus), of medlars.
throller: A throw that begins flying through the air, but because of the angle it is thrown at, begins to turn 45° in order for it to descend and begin to roll, like a roller (a type of throw).
argosome: An exovesicle in the cell membranes of fruitflies
esotropy: Alternative form of esotropia
exotrope: A person who has exotropia
mistfrog: Alternative form of mist frog
kick wax: grip wax (type of ski wax)
grip wax: A type of ski wax for classic-style waxable cross-country skis to provide traction with static friction on the snow that allows the skier to propel themselves forward; applied in an area beneath and somewhat forward of the skier's foot.
ribodeme: A group of organisms that share the same ribosomal genes
scopolin: A glucoside of scopoletin
azaarene: Any organic compound formally derived from an arene by replacing a carbon atom (or a -CH= group) with a nitrogen atom
briarane: Any of a group of naturally-occurring diterpenoids based on a bicyclo[8.4.0]tetradecane ring system
kino red: A phlobaphene present in the gum of the kino tree
gartanin: A xanthone, 1,3,5,8-tetrahydroxy-2,4-bis(3-methylbut-2-enyl)xanthen-9-one, present in mangosteen
praecoxa: The youngest segment of the protopod of a branchiopod
redoxase: Any enzyme that catalyses a redox reaction
rayburst: A burst of high-energy radiation (such as gamma rays)
pleacher: one who pleaches
pleacher: a branch by which something is pleached
parisher: A parishioner.
rubyspot: Any of several damselflies of the genus Hetaerina
siperone: Misspelling of spiperone.
roteness: Synonym of rote.
jamdanny: Archaic form of jamdani.
haut-pas: A dais.
reefgoby: Any of a number of the species of genus Priolepis of true gobies.
rousette: Any of a number of species of fruit bat, of the genus Rousettus.
zoletile: Alternative form of zoletil
duodecad: Alternative form of dodecad
stakenet: A form of fishing net hung on stakes.
joshpara: Alternative form of dushbara
dodecade: Alternative form of duodecade (“period of twelve years”)
dodecade: Alternative form of dodecad (“group of twelve”)
caleosin: Any of a group of plant proteins that bind calcium
cnidosac: A group of cnidocytes, retained by some sea slugs that feed on cnidarians
cnidopod: The stalklike base of a nematocyst
rice hen: The common American gallinule.
busheler: Alternative form of busheller
yechidah: One of the cabalistic aspects of the soul, that of being one with God.
maletolt: Alternative form of maletote
metatile: Synonym of supertile
maletote: An arbitrary tax; in particular, a levy imposed by the English monarch on a certain good beyond ordinary customs duties.
fluffery: Anything lightweight and overly ornamental or superfluous; fluff; froth.
fungipod: The pseudopod of a fungal dendritic cell
heliciid: Any plant of the subtribe Heliciinae
pronoiar: One who is granted a pronoia.
low-bell: A bell used in hunting birds at night, in connection with a light, to frighten them into a net.
lingulid: Any brachiopod of the order Lingulida
doorleaf: An individual door panel, particularly in the context of double or sliding doors.
nonacene: The acene consisting of nine fused benzene rings; any derivative of this compound
nosepoke: Alternative form of nose poke
slaister: mess
slaister: slovenly work
nonspore: Something (generally an organism) which is not a spore.
dust cap: Something worn to protect one from dust; a cover placed over something to keep off dust.
miniyard: A very small yard, for example in a prison.
palpacle: The tentacle of a dactylozooid
resomiid: Any siphonophore of the family Resomiidae
sorbital: Misspelling of sorbitol.
spiralin: A mycoplasmal membrane lipoprotein
striatin: A calmodulin-binding protein
burst-up: A collapse; failure; bankruptcy.
poor law: A law providing for the support of paupers at the public expense.
lie-abed: A person who remains in bed until late in the day.
virotype: Synonym of pathotype
wetscape: A wetland landscape
xenopsin: An octapeptide present in the frog Xenopus laevis
xenopsin: A group of opsins, which are confined to molluscs, rotifers, brachiopods, and cnidarians
choanite: A spongiform fossil of the historical genus Choanites, thought to resemble a petrified sea-anemone.
choanite: Any of genus Choanites Mantell, 1822 sensu Laubenfels, 1936, accepted as Suberites Nardo, 1833, certain demosponges.
artpaper: Heavy-stock paper that is commonly used in books that show reproductions of artwork.
caribfly: The Caribbean fruit fly Anastrepha suspensa
cryobath: A bath used in cryotherapy
threshel: A flail for threshing corn.
peership: The rank, status, or title of a peer
peership: Equality
fat body: An organ, in some arthropods, composed of lipid storage cells
hemotube: A tubular container for blood samples
ignorome: Sets of genes and corresponding RNAs or proteins whose functions are, as yet, unknown.
moon eye: A kind of diseased eye in horses.
lay lord: A civil lord of the admiralty.
earthism: The belief that environmental concerns should be primary above all other considerations.
G.O.A.T.: Alternative form of GOAT
mononeme: An unpaired strand of nucleic acid (typically, during transcription)
nanoclay: nanoparticulate clay
pondhorn: Any unionid of the genus Uniomerus
seed bug: Any of various true bugs of the infraorder Pentatomomorpha
seed bug: Any bug in the family Lygaeidae
seed bug: Any of various true bugs of the infraorder Pentatomomorpha
seed bug: Any of the dirt-colored see bugs in the family Rhyparochromidae
seed bug: Any of various true bugs of the infraorder Pentatomomorpha
seed bug: Any conifer seed bug, certain species in the genus Leptoglossus
whip pan: A type of pan shot in which the camera pans so quickly that the picture blurs into indistinct streaks, commonly used as a transition.
ereptase: Synonym of erepsin
homoform: One of two or more etymologically and semantically unrelated words with the same orthographical form (spelling), or phonetic form (pronunciation); a homonym, homograph, or homophone.
queerity: Queerness; something odd or strange.
queerity: Queerness, in the sense of not conforming to sexual or gender norms.
actorism: The manner or habits of an actor.
sortilin: Any of a group of membrane glycoproteins that regulate cardiovascular activity
earthist: A proponent of earthism.
earthist: An advocate for people who live on earth, as opposed to those on other planets.
earthist: One who believes the earth has a specific property or history.
bark bed: A hotbed made of spent bark.
raft dog: An iron bar fitted for securing logs in a raft.
solenite: A fossil solen, or razor shell.
conicine: Synonym of coniine
shoe-tie: A shoelace.
removall: Obsolete form of removal.
aircrash: An airplane crash.
allovein: A vein from a donor
almajiri: An itinerant student at an Islamic school in northern Nigeria.
almajiri: The system of Islamic education employed at these schools.
rink rat: A person who hangs around ice rinks (hockey rinks).
flotilin: Misspelling of flotillin.
mindblow: Something that blows one's mind, or an instance of having one's mind blown.
forecrop: A section of a crop that is harvested first
kibinago: The silver-stripe round herring or blue sprat, a small marine fish sometimes eaten for food, Spratelloides gracilis.
paytriot: A right-wing activist (especially a supporter of the QAnon movement) who uses the movement to make money for themselves rather than to advance its goals.
mixogram: The graphical output of a mixograph
bedskirt: The valance of a bed.
Mendaite: Alternative form of Mandaite
marcaine: Synonym of bupivacaine
stinkcat: Alternative spelling of stink-cat.
oncosome: A membrane-derived microvesicle that is secreted by cancer cells and transfers oncogenic messages and protein complexes across cell borders
porotaxy: The characteristic arrangement of pores on a species.
jobforce: All the workers employed by a specific organization or state, or on a specific project
jobforce: The total population of a country or region that is employed or employable.
skunkpox: Alternative form of skunk pox
shellbed: Alternative form of shell bed
serobank: A collection of blood serum samples
half-one: A handicap of one stroke every second hole.
wakespan: The time interval during which a person is awake.
acidogen: Any acidogenic organism
Sealyham: A Sealyham terrier.
slugabug: Synonym of slugabed
ecogroup: A group of organisms that share the same ecosystem
ethosome: A phospholipid nanovesicle used for dermal and transdermal delivery of drugs and other molecules that is characterized by high ethanol content.
wainrope: A rope for binding a load on a wagon.
pyroxyle: Archaic form of pyroxylin.
runridge: A system of land tenure under which the alternate ridges of a field belonged to different owners.
pascuage: The grazing or pasturing of cattle, or a fee paid for this.
ovistrip: A form of ovitrap
bucanier: Obsolete form of buccaneer.
cup gall: A cup-shaped gall in oak leaves.
sonation: The making of a sound (especially by a bird)
sambaqui: The remains of a midden containing mostly seashells
bosslady: Female equivalent of bossman.
repatrol: A patrol of an area that was already previously patrolled.
arenicin: Any of a particular group of antimicrobial peptides
auxinole: The auxin antagonist 4-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-2-(1H-indol-3-yl)-4-oxobutanoic acid
thincoat: A type of coating that is applied by spraying, as opposed to one that must be applied with a trowel.
maltipoo: A dog that is a cross between a Maltese and a miniature poodle.
gliotype: The type of cell in a glioma
prebirth: The period, usually six months, preceding a child's birth.
mycosome: A propagule in fungal plastids
no yards: A penalty in which the kicking team, on either a kickoff or punt, fails to give the receiver on the receiving team a 5-yard restraining area to catch the ball.
Latino/a: Synonym of Latina/o
Latina/o: Someone of Latin American descent; a Latina or Latino.
patellin: Any of a group of proteins associated with cell plate formation during cytokinesis
quadroma: A particular type of hybridoma
upglance: An upwards glance.
sarcosol: Misspelling of sarkosyl.
toxicyst: An extrusome near the mouth of some carnivorous protozoans
headsign: The sign on the front of a bus or train indicating its direction, destination, route number, or other pertinent information.
bozosity: The behaviour of a bozo; idiocy.
chydorid: Any water flea of the family Chydoridae
aquatone: An offset printing method utilizing a gelatin-coated zinc plate hardened and sensitized to print type, line illustrations, and fine-screen halftones.
aquatone: A print produced by this method.
synaphea: The metrical continuity between one colon and another.
synaphea: Mutual connection of all the verses in a system, so that they are scanned as one verse, as in anapaestics.
synaphea: Elision or synalepha, at the end of a line, of the final vowel of a dactylic hexameter before the initial vowel of the next.
synaphea: Any plant of the genus Synaphea, especially one of the type species Synaphea petiolaris.
pit coal: Coal dug from a pit, not charcoal.
udad dal: Alternative spelling of urad dal
filariad: Any nematode of the genus Filaria.
fengycin: An antifungal lipopeptide complex produced by a strain of Bacillus subtilis.
warwidow: Alternative form of war widow
urad dal: A bean (Vigna mungo) or a dish made from it.
soninlaw: Alternative form of son-in-law
matrixin: A metalloproteinase that hydrolyses matrix proteins
mebutate: Any salt or ester of mebutic acid
micropit: A microscopic pit (in a surface)
mucosome: All the components of mucus (on the skin) of an organism.
sexagesm: Synonym of sexagesimal: a sixtieth part of something.
sexagesm: Synonym of minute: a sixtieth of a degree of arc.
pantocin: Any of a group of peptide antibiotics present in Pantoea
warlight: The light produced by acts of war, such as exploding bombs.
warlight: A gleam in the eyes that reflects a fighting spirit.
lineflow: perforated paper supplied in continuous connected sheets, designed for use with line printers
lahorine: An alkaloid found in Fumaria parviflora.
heartrot: A disease producing decay in the hearts of trees, caused by the mycelia of various fungi.
syphaxin: A hemolytic protein present in the frog Leptodactylus syphax
tow iron: A toggle iron used in whaling.
Pindaree: Alternative form of Pindari
potstick: A stick for stirring food while it cooks in a pot.
overager: A player who is older than the maximum age permitted in a junior league.
cutester: A cute person or creature.
decangle: A decagon.
sandrack: Obsolete form of sandarac.
aurachin: Any of a group of antibiotics that are quinolinone derivatives
gangreen: Obsolete form of gangrene.
polester: Diminutive of polesitter
storyful: A complete account or rendering
wokester: A woke person; someone holding left-wing views or attitudes, principally with regard to social justice.
susumber: Solanum torvum, a bushy, spiny perennial plant: the wild eggplant.
susumber: The edible, though sometimes poisonous, fruit (berry / bean) of this plant.
biodrama: A biographical drama.
D. D. S.: Alternative form of DDS
naamghar: Alternative form of namghar
piroróco: Alternative form of pororoca
pitangua: The boat-billed flycatcher, Megarynchus pitangua.
poomplex: A weak or worthless man.
soap pan: A large tank for boiling the ingredients in making soap.
bromelid: Alternative form of bromeliad
sheepway: A sheepwalk.
rod ring: Any of the rings along a fishing rod through which the line runs.
eloigner: One who eloigns.
pourover: A style of coffee prepared by manually pouring hot water over the ground beans, rather than using an automatic drip method.
birdcrap: bird excrement
birdcrap: bullshit; something fallacious
eutaxite: A pyroclastic deposit that exhibits characteristics of both tuff and lava flows.
tergitol: A polyglycol nonionic surfactant
termtime: Alternative form of term time
zincemia: The presence of zinc in the blood
aganaine: Any moth of the subfamily Aganainae
driphole: A hole in the floor of a cave, formed by dripping water.
acutobin: Any of a group of serine glycoprotein proteases.
bondwire: A wire that connects the components of an integrated circuit
catiomer: cationic polymer
girldick: The penis of a trans woman.
bedlamer: A young harp seal after its second moult.
imazamox: A herbicide 5-(methoxymethyl)-2-(4-methyl-5-oxo-4-propan-2-yl-1H-imidazol-2-yl)pyridine-3-carboxylic acid
imminium: Misspelling of iminium.
isoimide: An isomer of an imide in which the oxygen and one of the nitrogen atoms are swapped R-N=C(R¹)-O-CO-R
isospace: A form of spacetime that is rotated about some axis
hazenite: A water-soluble crystalline phosphate mineral, found in Mono Lake, made by Lyngbya cyanobacteria (“blue-green algae”)
badthink: Synonym of wrongthink
neccanee: A kind of cloth from India.
izzaries: Alternative form of izzarees
izzarees: A kind of cloth from India.
seerband: Alternative form of sirband
betellee: A kind of muslin from India.
cuttanee: A kind of cloth from India.
rock cam: A cam keyed to a rock shaft.
flowback: The flowing backward of a fluid.
flowback: Any change back to a former place or situation by gradual movement.
corydine: An aporphinoid alkaloid found in Glaucium fimbrilligerum.
pashiuba: Alternative form of paxiuba
attamole: Alternative form of attomole
bioevent: A biological event, especially one that leaves evidence in rock strata
decacorn: A private startup with a valuation of US$10 billion or greater.
dardarin: A kinase associated with Parkinson's disease
convoker: One who convokes or calls together.
cubicity: The property of being cubic.
conducer: That which conduces; a conducive factor.
flaxcomb: A hackle, a toothed instrument for cleaning the fibres of flax.
haptamer: Misspelling of heptamer.
haptamer: Misspelling of aptamer.
grey tit: Melaniparus afer, a small bird of the tit family Paridae
ashy tit: Melaniparus cinerascens, a small bird of the tit family Paridae
lacolith: Alternative form of laccolith
lupenone: The triterpenoid (1R,3aR,4S,5aR,5bR,7aR,11aR,11bR,13aR,13bR)-1-isopropenyl-3a,5a,5b,8,8,11a-hexamethyl-eicosahydro-cyclopenta[a]chrysen-9-one
myophage: A contractile bacteriophage
brideman: Alternative form of bridesman
gum-rash: red-gum
pingrass: Alternative form of pin grass
doctor's: A doctor’s surgery.
jet shoe: A shoe with a manually-operated thruster, developed by NASA in the 1960s for use in zero gravity.
eelwrack: eelgrass (Zostera species)
jam roll: A kind of pudding, a roly-poly with jam filling.
jam roll: Parole.
quit lit: A genre of confessional writings by people who have left academia.
ectogeny: The effect of pollen on parts of the seed and fruit lying outside the embryo and endosperm.
eidetics: The study of eidetic reduction.
licencer: Alternative form of licensor
hempweed: Any of various plants of the genus Eupatorium.
fumerole: Alternative form of fumarole
peganism: The diet of pegans, eating organic, unprocessed foods, containing 75% fruits and vegetables; and 25% protein foods (seeds, nuts, other plant proteins); with 35% of calories coming from plant fats
bavistin: Synonym of carbendazim
push rim: An extra rim attached to a wheel, as those of a wheelchair, used to impart motion to the wheel.
buttplay: Stimulation of the anus or anal region, usually for the purpose of sexual gratification.
collamer: A collagen copolymer used to make biocompatible lenses
hispidin: The phenolic compound 2-[(E)-2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)ethenyl]-6-hydroxypyran-4-one present as a glycoside in some fungi
dystomer: The less pharmacologically active of the enantiomers of a drug
emetogen: Synonym of emetic
spatfall: The arrival of spat at the beach during spawning season for shellfish;
psychoid: An innate physical reaction to a psychological stimulus.
reseater: A device for reseating a component.
reseater: A person who replaces the seat of a chair.
sidepipe: An exhaust pipe which exhausts to the side of the vehicle.
metanorm: A nonabelian norm
applauze: Obsolete spelling of applause
oxytalan: A fibrous component of the extracellular matrix of teeth
searobin: Alternative form of sea robin
pipehawk: Synonym of pipe tomahawk (a smoking pipe and tomahawk axe)
douzeper: One of the legendary "twelve peers" or renowned warriors of Charlemagne, the Emperor of the Romans from 800 to 814.
douzeper: One of the twelve nobles granted feudal territories or episcopal sees by the King of France in return for their fealty (namely the Archbishop-Duke of Rheims; the Bishop-Dukes of Laon and Langres; the Bishop-Counts of Beauvais, Chalons, and Noyon, the Dukes of Normandy, Burgundy, and Aquitaine; and the Counts of Toulouse, Flanders and Champagne).
douzeper: An individual considered to be like or in the model of Charlemagne's peers; someone considered a great hero or paladin.
exoscope: A microscope used in exoscopy
kill fee: The reduced fee paid to a writer whose commissioned work does not get published.
sunbunny: Alternative form of sun bunny
hemiopsy: Dated form of hemiopsia.
JP drain: Synonym of Jackson-Pratt drain
forerent: Rent due to be paid before the first crop is reaped.
syringol: The phenol 1,3-dimethoxy-2-hydroxybenzene
syringyl: A univalent radical derived from syringol
b-school: Alternative letter-case form of B-school
betuline: Synonym of betulin, especially when used as a medication
peripter: In classical architecture, a building surrounded by a single row of columns.
peripter: An encompassing single row of columns.
buckbush: Shrubs of Canada and the central US, Symphoricarpos occidentalis(also known as wolfberry and Symphoricarpos orbicularis (coralberry).
buckbush: A prickly annual shrub, Salsola australis
funarose: Misspelling of furanose.
damosell: Obsolete spelling of damsel
nail rod: A strip of metal cut to be made into nails.
nail rod: A form of strong tobacco.
maucauco: Obsolete form of macauco.
kelp bed: A small kelp forest
isoester: The ester of an isoacid
limuline: Any horseshoe crab of the infraorder Limulina
limuloid: Any horseshoe crab of the superfamily Limuloidea
macaloid: A form of bentonite used in ceramics manufacture
kuromaku: In Japan, an éminence grise or secret decision-maker.
Valkyria: Archaic form of valkyrie.
tupakihi: The tutu, a shrub of New Zealand.
hemacyte: Alternative form of hemocyte
quaiacol: The monomethyl ether of catechol
narketan: ketamine used as a veterinary anaesthetic
eggwoman: A woman who delivers eggs.
madchild: A child who is insane.
van-girl: A woman who works driving or travelling in a van; a woman who works from a van.
kid show: A carnival freak show.
shmooing: The formation of shmoos in yeast
bacchiac: Synonym of bacchius
balconet: Alternative form of balconette (“small balcony”)
beauffet: Obsolete form of buffet (“counter or sideboard”).
bassness: The quality of being bass.
tailvein: Alternative form of tail vein
xylotype: Any moth of the genus Xylotype.
kerambit: A small, double-edged, curved Southeast Asian knife, with a finger ring, resembling a tiger's claw.
oxyallyl: The diradical, CH₂=C(-O⁻)-C⁺₂.
oxyallyl: The organic chemical group CH₂=C(-O⁻)-C⁺₂-.
bexosome: An exosome composed of B cells
budstick: A short length of plant stem, containing a bud, used as a graft
insetter: A device for inserting pre-printed color segments into a monochrome publication.
wallside: The side of a wall.
cadalene: The sesquiterpene 4-isopropyl-1,6-dimethylnaphthalene
weaseler: A devious person; a cheat or fraudster.
weaseler: A weasel word.
cuparane: A sesquiterpene present in Coprinus
dexosome: An exosome produced by dendritic cells
pen-case: Alternative spelling of pencase
exokarst: A surface karst
scissars: Archaic form of scissors.
lipsmack: A smack (noise) of the lips
detrempe: A batter similar to that used in tempura or in puff pastry
prefixer: One who or that which adds a prefix.
begettal: Act of begetting; conception of a child.
beurrage: A dough made of mostly butter, used in French cuisine
corraler: One who corrals something.
honeygar: A mixture of honey and apple cider vinegar, similar to switchel, claimed to have health benefits.
scarebug: A bugbear; an imaginary monster to frighten children.
dysopsia: dimness or difficulty of vision
jar mill: A small ball mill with a jar-like drum.
bin fire: A fire set in a rubbish bin or trash can, often as an accident or as vandalism.
bin fire: A complete mess; an absolute debacle.
craneway: The area within which a crane operates or can move.
craneway: An opening allowing cranes to pass in and out of an industrial building.
cork hat: A hat with bottle corks dangling from strings attached to the brim, traditionally worn in the bush to keep flies away from one's face.
cork hat: A covering for the head made of cork similar in shape to a pith helmet.
set-shot: Alternative form of set shot
set shot: A kick for goal after a free kick has been awarded to the kicker and play has stopped.
set shot: A shot taken without jumping.
longcoat: An overcoat that hangs to midcalf.
longcoat: A variety of a dog breed that has long hair.
rock cod: Any of several Australian fishes of the genus Lotella
hobbitry: The world of hobbits; hobbits collectively.
tannadar: Alternative form of thanadar
pot shop: A shop that sells cannabis.
pot shop: A small public house.
rose bit: A cylindrical bit whose oblique surface is cut into teeth.
panaghia: Alternative form of panagia
testican: A multidomain proteoglycan that is expressed in the brain
sea fish: Any fish found in salt waters.
multicam: A video of one event created using footage of different cameras.
brewfest: A beerfest.
roll bar: A strong U-shaped bar fastened to the frame of a vehicle, such as an off-road vehicle or a race car to protect the driver and passengers from being crushed in the event that the vehicle rolls over.
roll bar: An anti-roll bar.
feedyard: A yard where cattle are given food.
horarium: The daily schedule of a religious house or seminary.
chactoid: Any scorpion of the superfamily Chactoidea
effusate: liquid that has effused
fractone: A structure, in the brain, associated with neurogenesis, gliogenesis, and angiogenesis
fangaroo: An extinct fanged kangaroo, Balbaroo fangaroo.
hormurid: Any scorpion of the family Hormuridae
hindclaw: Alternative form of hind claw
dewaniya: Alternative form of diwaniya
tin fish: Alternative form of tinfish (“torpedo”)
shikakai: Alternative form of soap acacia
gray man: An average, forgettable man who does not draw attention or stand out in a crowd.
patxaran: A reddish-brown sloe liqueur popular in parts of Spain.
peatmoss: Alternative form of peat moss
phasiRNA: phased, secondary siRNA
phasirna: Alternative form of phasiRNA
pimarane: The diterpene (2R,4aS,4bR,8aS,10aS)-2-ethyl-2,4b,8,8-tetramethyl-3,4,4a,5,6,7,8a,9,10,10a-decahydro-1H-phenanthrene and related compounds
circumin: A curcumin.
newszine: A fanzine that only publishes news.
Trekzine: A Star Trek fanzine.
cytocyst: A hollow vesicle, the remains of a host cell occupied by a protozoan parasite.
Calixtin: Alternative form of Calixtine
flagroot: sweet flag
valtrate: Any of a group of valepotriate sedatives
tow ring: An oval area where racehorses are walked.
war-work: Alternative form of war work
war work: Work for an organization other than the military that supports a country's war activities.
khaltura: Black-market or low-quality work.
fetocide: Alternative form of feticide
glycosis: Misspelling of glycolysis.
aphallia: A congenital condition in which the phallus is absent.
isourane: Synonym of isoflurane
leucrose: The disaccharide 5-O-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl-D-fructose that is isomeric with sucrose
apricock: Archaic form of apricot.
sea-pike: Alternative spelling of sea pike
hot work: Any of several plastic deformations of metal (or other material) at relatively high temperatures.
hot work: Any type of work, such as welding, soldering, or glassblowing, that causes of a potential fire hazard because it causes sparks or flames.
flyrobin: Any of various petroicid birds of the genera Microeca and Monachella, of Australia and New Guinea.
oak-blue: Any of various lycaenid butterflies of the genus Arhopala, of Asia and Australasia.
ant-blue: Any of various lycaenid butterflies of the genus Acrodipsas.
tailboom: Alternative form of tail boom
curb cut: A small ramp cut into a curb to allow wheelchairs, baby carriages, bicycles, etc. to more easily enter or leave a sidewalk.
curb cut: A lowered area of curb to allow vehicles to access driveways or approaches, a drop kerb.
law lord: One of the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary, a group of judges appointed under the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876 to the British House of Lords in order to exercise its judicial function.
law lord: A judge of the Court of Session.
portfory: Obsolete form of portiforium.
Sir John: A priest.
enormacy: Greatness; enormousness.
telopode: The long, thin extension of a telocyte
butt pad: A piece of padding placed on the butt of a gun for comfort and to absorb recoil.
hot shop: A glassblower's workroom containing the furnace etc.
hot shop: A small, quirky advertising agency.
hot rock: A daredevil pilot of great skill.
howgozit: Alternative form of howgoesit
National: A member of the National Party
National: Clipping of New Zealand National Party
backdune: One of a pair of sand dunes, furthest from the coast, separated from a foredune by a trough
jaw-hole: A jawbox, or tenement sink.
calarene: The tricyclic sesquiterpene (1aR,7R,7aR,7bS)-1,1,7,7a-tetramethyl-2,3,5,6,7,7b-hexahydro-1aH-cyclopropa[a]naphthalene
beastman: An intelligent man-sized beast with varying characteristics.
diffusor: Alternative form of diffuser
ecotherm: Misspelling of ectotherm.
gallypot: Alternative form of gallipot
submatch: A match forming part of a larger match, for example in a text string being searched.
log reel: A reel on which the logline is wound.
leogryph: A mythical animal, part lion and part griffin.
log chip: The board, in the form of a quadrant, attached to a logline.
satyrine: Any butterfly of the subfamily Satyrinae
barragon: A light corded cotton for summerwear, popular in the 18th and 19th centuries.
schirrus: A hard swelling of a gland or other organ.
schirrus: A condition characterized by the formation of tumors.
polydont: Any animal that has many teeth, or with different types of teeth
puddytat: Pronunciation spelling of pussycat, representing a childish pronunciation of English.
gun kata: Synonym of gun fu (a style of balletic gunplay in action films)
gun kata: A fictional martial art based on gun fu.
birimbau: Alternative form of berimbau
berimbao: Alternative form of berimbau
six-ring: The Asian butterfly Ypthima fasciata, family Nymphalidae, having circular markings on the wings.
Redblack: A player for the Canadian Football League's Ottawa Redblacks
self-lie: A lie told to oneself.
bonenkai: A Japanese drinking party held at the end of the year, generally among groups of co-workers or friends, to forget the woes and troubles of the past year and look to the future.
masocore: A genre of games, with various playstyles, where survival and winning are intentionally made extremely difficult.
treelist: A user interface control that displays a list of items in an expandable hierarchy.
treelist: A list of trees (the data structure).
buffster: One who is buff (very muscular)
eclector: Any of various devices used to collect samples of insects resident in a particular location
geobiont: Any organism that lives in the soil
confomer: Any of two or more forms of the same compound that have different conformations, and can be interconverted typically by rotation about a single bond
megaread: A million reads (the identification of a million bases in a genome)
pyratone: A plastic-like substance once used for the outer coating of golf clubs.
charader: One who takes part in a charade.
versette: Alternative form of verset (“very short organ interlude or prelude”)
powercar: Alternative form of power car
seedfall: The dispersal of seeds from a tree
nitridyl: A radical nitrogen ion with a double negative charge; N^(2−•); A nitrogen atom with only two bonds.
barycell: A system of connected barycentres
phasecal: A system that injects a frequency comb signal in order to disambiguate phase in multiple basebands downconverted from the input signal.
isotoxin: A toxin from an animal that is toxic to others of the same species.
polycule: All of the people linked through their relationships, usually romantic and/or sexual, to one or more members of a polyamorous group.
'sposin': Pronunciation spelling of supposing.
tripster: A user of psychoactive drugs.
verticel: A circle of flowers around a node on a stem.
mycohost: The fungal host of a mycoparasite
moonmilk: A white, creamy limestone precipitate found in caves.
moonmilk: Alternative form of moon milk (“flavoured warm milk”)
pairbond: Alternative form of pair bond
zip line: Alternative spelling of zipline
fastcore: Synonym of thrashcore
backskin: A leather covering worn by miners in wet conditions
NOP sled: A series of identical values in memory that instruct the CPU to take no action and proceed to the next instruction, used in shellcode etc. to increase the chances of any random instruction access executing the sequence that follows.
Tom Trot: A kind of toffee made with treacle, sugar, and butter.
rahmonic: A harmonic of a cepstrum.
red team: An independent group employed to challenge an organization by assuming an adversarial role or point of view.
speed-up: Alternative form of speedup
siu laap: Cantonese-style cooked meat.
taskable: On a plantation exploiting an enslaved labour force, a person considered to be capable of performing labour, especially field labour.
King Log: A leader who does not exercise his powers, or fails to take action when necessary.
picadill: Alternative form of piccadill
jiggaboo: Alternative form of jigaboo
pachypod: Any of a group of animals with thick feet.
fusarate: Any salt or ester of fusaric acid
molinate: A toxic thiocarbamate herbicide ethyl azepane-1-carbothioate
pinocyte: A cell that exhibits pinocytosis
beer bar: A bar or pub where beer is sold.
murrnong: Alternative form of murnong
elf-shot: An elf arrow; elf arrows.
alcyonid: Any bryozoan of the genus Alcyonidium
amphisin: A cyclic lipoundecapeptide present in some strains of Pseudomonas
auxinome: All the auxins present in a particular plant
bikelock: Alternative form of bike lock
sensuist: A sensualist.
conitine: Misspelling of cotinine.
drosocin: Any of a class of antimicrobial glycosylated peptide present in Drosophila
eyeplate: Alternative form of eye plate
maphrian: catholicos, high-ranking bishop
eyeglobe: The globe of the eye.
daysight: night blindness
tau bone: A Τ-shaped bone, such as the interclavicle of a monotreme.
poll-tax: Alternative spelling of poll tax
goodeine: Alternative form of goodein
herdmate: Any animal that is in the same herd as another
fallaxin: An antibacterial peptide isolated from Leptodactylus fallax
tristrip: A strip formed by joining triangles.
ketodiol: Any diol that also has a ketonic carbonyl group
crenelet: A little crenel.
alto sax: Clipping of alto saxophone.
bass sax: Clipping of bass saxophone.
bari sax: Clipping of baritone saxophone.
myotonin: A kinase associated with myotonia
soprillo: The smallest member of the saxophone family of woodwind instruments, one size smaller than the sopranino saxophone and with a range of A♭₄ to E♭₇ or similar.
oeconomy: Obsolete spelling of economy
mold box: A box in which molten steel is hydraulically compressed.
stemwood: The wood of the stem of a tree
wingform: The particular formation of an insect's wings
veratryl: The univalent (3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)methyl radical
bullgine: A steam locomotive.
gachapon: Alternative form of gacha (“a small toy sold in a plastic capsule; a vending machine selling such toys”).
offliner: A person who is offline; one not using the Internet or similar service.
gashapon: Alternative form of gacha (“a small toy sold in a plastic capsule; a vending machine selling such toys”).
cigardom: The realm or sphere of cigar smoking.
scooplet: A minor scoop or exclusive.
goalfest: A game, or part of a game, during which many goals are scored.
bodymind: Body and mind viewed as a single integrated entity.
toadhead: toadhead agama
trap-pop: A mixture of trap and pop music
eigenbra: The dual of an eigenket
ecoassay: An ecological assay
exolyase: An exolytic lyase
jawplate: Alternative form of jaw plate
periopod: Alternative form of pereiopod
great-go: Alternative form of great go
ropporin: A rhophilin in the flagella of sperm
scincine: Any lizard of the subfamily Scincinae
knobbies: Knobby tyres for motorbikes or bicycles off-road use.
knock in: The game of lanterloo.
old news: Synonym of yesterday's news
cantoner: An inhabitant of a canton.
clawmark: A mark made by a claw
bioptics: A bioptic telescope used to improve distance vision
cowshark: Alternative form of cow shark
fittonia: Any of the genus Fittonia of flowering plants.
dog-belt: A broad leather belt worn around the waist for drawing dans or sledges in a mine.
hop pole: A slender pole supporting a hopvine.
ice fern: A fern-like encrustation of frost found on windows in cold weather.
cloudful: The amount contained in a cloud.
gangsman: A member of a gang of workers.
gasfield: Alternative spelling of gas field
gastreum: Alternative form of gastraeum
gerardia: Any of the genus Gerardia of flowering plants.
gelsemia: Synonym of gelsemine
Explorer: A participant in the Exploring program, which focuses on career exploration.
kwanjula: A betrothal ceremony in Ugandan culture.
fuckplug: A buttplug with a hollow core used for penetration.
dirt bag: Alternative form of dirtbag
phanaeng: Alternative form of panang (“Thai curry”)
guyanosa: Alternative form of guyascutus
dog tent: A small shelter tent, especially a tent composed of two shelter-halves.
note job: A bank robbery in which the robber hands the teller a note demanding cash.
trianion: An anion that has three negative charges
fetotomy: The dissection of a dead unborn calf rather than a Caesarean section
hexairon: Six iron atoms or ions in a compound (Fe₆).
hexalead: Six lead atoms or ions in a compound (Pb₆).
hypotype: A specimen, whose details have been previously published, which is not part of the original type series of the species.
mahanine: A carbazole alkaloid 3,5-dimethyl-3-(4-methylpent-3-enyl)-11H-pyrano[3,2-a]carbazol-9-ol present in the bark of Murraya koenigii.
mukonine: An alkaloid, methyl 1-methoxy-9H-carbazole-3-carboxylate, present in the bark of Murraya koenigii.
nanopill: A pill containing nanoparticles
sidejump: A jump to the side
seismite: A sedimentary bed associated with seismic shaking
gyroline: A line in gyrovector space.
reed pen: Ancient form of pen, much older than quill pens, made by carving a suitable nib into the end of a reed, or a stalk of slim bamboo.
cryocoil: A coil carrying a circulating cryogenic liquid
virolles: Alternative form of verules
verolles: Alternative form of verules
hapatoma: Misspelling of hepatoma.
knobcone: The cone of the knobcone pine
chaosmos: The world, viewed as a fusion of order and disorder.
chaosmos: The world, viewed as a meaningless assemblage of infinite perspectives.
linogram: A diagnostic X-ray image of a cardiac catheter
soft rot: A bacterial disease of potatoes.
ring rot: A disease of potatoes caused by the bacterium Clavibacter michiganensis.
in-crowd: Alternative spelling of in crowd
podocyst: A cyst beneath the pedal discs of scyphozoan polyps
secaline: Alternative form of secalin
divergon: A pair of divergently-transcribed operons that work together in the same biological system
diabetol: The antidiabetic drug "metformin hydrochloride"
tidality: The quality of being tidal.
fumerate: Misspelling of fumarate.
muskball: A ball containing musk as a perfuming sachet.
cup moss: Synonym of cup lichen
soaplock: A lock of hair brushed apart from the rest.
soaplock: A rowdy.
sphondin: A furocoumarin found in Heracleum maximum.
octapody: A metre or verse of eight feet.
devaloka: In Indian religions, a plane of existence where gods and devas exist.
ink bomb: An explosive device which releases an indelible ink designed to stain a person illegally opening a container of cash.
ink bomb: A wad of paper or tissue soaked in ink to be thrown at someone; common among school children in the days of inkwells.
tub-fast: The treatment of venereal disease by sweating in a hot tub.
ispaghul: Alternative form of ispaghula
slangdom: The world of slang; slang words and expressions collectively; the use of slang.
slangist: A person adept at using slang.
slangism: A slang word or expression; a colloquialism.
Bakuvian: An inhabitant or native of Baku.
pedogram: The record produced by a pedograph.
Lascarin: In Sri Lanka, one of the indigenous soldiers who fought for the Portuguese during the Portuguese era (1505–1658) and continued to serve as colonial soldiers until the 1930s.
sumscore: The sum of a set of scores
theonine: Misspelling of theanine.
boletoid: Any fungus of the subfamily Boletoideae
cambalid: Any millipede of the family Cambalidae
chewcard: A card, loaded with a bait, that is used to monitor the animals (typically rodents) in a wild population by subsequent examination of the toothmarks left on it.
coblator: A device used in coblation
newsgame: A video game designed on journalistic principles and serving a documentary or explanatory purpose.
nyansook: Alternative form of nainsook
neoislet: A newly-formed islet
pagerank: Alternative letter-case form of PageRank
pagerank: Any of several ranks assigned to a web page by a search engine.
sonotype: Any of a series of typefaces that incorporate sonogram interpretations of letters
towboard: A board, typically fitted with survey equipment, towed behind a vessel
towboard: A skateboard or snowboard towed by a vehicle
zonolite: A form of vermiculite used as insulation material
apterate: A wingless (apterous) form of an aphid
exolipid: An exocytic lipid
lampfish: Any of several deep-water fishes that glow due to bioluminescence
knotwood: wood (typically pine) that has many knots
paleomap: A map of an ancient landscape
rockland: A rocky landscape
syntaxon: In phytosociology, a conceptual unit of vegetation comprising a combination of plant taxa.
big word: An erudite word, especially a Latinate or multisyllabic one; a word used by scholars, intellectuals, etc., but that is not commonly known outside of academia.
big word: Boastful language.
landbase: The collective geographical territory of a people or culture.
hr `num`: Abbreviation of hair space.
time-gun: A gun fired by means of an electric current, formerly used to signal a specific time of day.
ice-pail: A bucket filled with ice, used to cool bottles of wine.
ice plow: Alternative form of ice plough
shiptime: The local time on board a ship (or spacecraft).
Low Mass: An ordinary Roman Catholic or Anglo-Catholic Mass celebrated without music and incense.
souldior: Obsolete form of soldier.
soldiour: Obsolete form of soldier.
Locofoco: A member of a faction of the US Democratic Party in the early 1800s, formed in New York City as a protest against that city's regular Democratic organization, Tammany Hall.
arthopod: Misspelling of arthropod.
cavitron: An ultrasonic device used for the descaling of teeth
genodeme: A population of genetically identical organisms
igorinid: Any foraminifer of the extinct genus †Igorina
leakance: A measure of leakage, typically as a result if imperfect insulation
lexomics: Computerised lexical analysis
folkname: Alternative spelling of folk name
wingflap: Synonym of aileron
kugelhof: Alternative form of Gugelhupf
arsenine: The aromatic heterocycle C₅H₅As having the structure of pyridine but with an arsenic atom replacing the nitrogen
alaskene: Any of a small group of sesquiterpenes; isomers of 1,8-dimethyl-4-propan-2-ylidenespiro[4.5]dec-8-ene
shortbow: A small bow that has a strong tension, and is usually about a meter tall.
sowbread: Cyclamen, plant of the genus Cyclamen.
carnityl: A univalent radical derived from carnitine
fly line: A line for angling with an artificial fly.
fly rail: The part of a drawing table that turns out to support the leaf.
galbacin: The dioxole 5-[(2R,3R,4R,5R)-5-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-3,4-dimethyloxolan-2-yl]-1,3-benzodioxole, present in the magnolia Talauma hodgsonii, that is an anticancer agent
galegine: The toxic amine 2-(3-methylbut-2-enyl)guanidine, present in several plants, that was once used as a treatment for diabetes
infestin: A thrombin inhibitor present in the bloodsucking insect Triatoma infestans
ibufenac: The carboxylic acid 4-isobutylphenylacetic acid once used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis
nebalian: Any crustacean of the genus Nebalia.
metallik: A unit of currency of the Ottoman Empire in the late 19th century; used in Crete during the Russian occupation.
parapore: A canaliculus, typically of a foraminifer
pumphead: Synonym of postperfusion syndrome (or a person suffering from this condition)
squidpop: A system of tethered sticks, loaded with squid flesh, that is used to assay the presence of predators in water
rabatine: Alternative form of rabato (“type of collar”)
sandbird: A sandpiper.
sandbird: A shorebird.
hop flea: A small flea beetle, Chaetocnema concinna, very destructive to hop plantations in springtime.
ill turn: An act of unkindness or enmity.
ill turn: A change for the worse.
fearfest: Synonym of scarefest
apstatin: Alternative form of apastatin
aviremia: The condition of being aviremic
keep cup: A reusable coffee cup used to get coffee from a cafe and thus avoid using single-use disposable cups.
systasis: The combination of different elements; synthesis.
systasis: A union or confederation.
edgelist: Alternative form of edge list
euseptum: A true septum (formed from a septal plate)
echotime: Alternative form of echo time
ausbruch: Alternative letter-case form of Ausbruch
jasmonol: An alcohol formed by rearrangement of the carbonyl group of jasmone
lebectin: A lectin in the venom of the viper Macrovipera lebetina.
jasmonyl: A univalent radical derived from jasmonol
jasmonyl: The ester nonanediol-1,3 acetate used in perfumery
lyxonate: Any salt or ester of lyxonic acid
lysylate: Alternative spelling of lysinylate
nanotomy: A very small incision
ontogram: A graphical representation of an ontology (branch of knowledge)
scap-net: A fishing net for catching minnows, etc.
easycore: Music that verges toward easy listening, or that is less hardcore than comparable styles.
easycore: A pop punk subgenre that combines elements of metalcore, incorporating use of breakdowns, screams, major key progressions and riffs and synthesizers.
pukalide: A macrolide, methyl (2R,4S,6R,12S)-4-methyl-8-oxo-12-prop-1-en-2-yl-3,7,17-trioxatetracyclo[12.2.1.16,9.02,4]octadeca-1(16),9(18),14-triene-15-carboxylate, present in the soft coral Sinularia abrupta
sackhole: A borehole, bored into sea ice, that collects surface brine
bullcrud: Bullshit; bullcrap.
sedazine: Synonym of xylazine
Joachite: Synonym of Joachimite
spinelet: A small spine (needlelike structure)
shvartze: A person of sub-Saharan African descent; a black person.
carpofen: Misspelling of carprofen.
arabityl: A univalent radical derived from arabitol
shaygets: Alternative form of shegetz
puff-box: A box for holding cosmetic powder, with a puff for applying it.
quackdom: The realm of quacks (fraudulent or incompetent doctors).
bull con: A confidence trick, or deceptive speech by a swindler.
fraxidin: The chromenone 8-hydroxy-6,7-dimethoxychromen-2-one
Kaintock: A Kentuckian.
Kaintock: More broadly, an American (as contrasted with someone from New Orleans, for example).
gastroid: Such an enteroid
blauwbok: The bluebuck (extinct mammal).
injectee: A person receiving an injection
captress: a female captor.
thiefess: a female thief.
oleasome: Misspelling of oleosome.
nanoHPLC: nanoscale HPLC
ottariid: Any sea lion of the family Otariidae
shionone: A tetracyclic triterpenoid ketone (1R,4aS,4bS,6aS,8R,10aR,10bS,12aS)-1,4b,6a,8,10a,12a-hexamethyl-8-(4-methylpent-3-en-1-yl)hexadecahydrochrysen-2(1H)-one
saclofen: An analogue of baclofen
sweepnet: Alternative form of sweep net
cybermap: A map of cyberspace.
Surmiran: Someone from the region of Surmeir in Switzerland.
woodpulp: Alternative form of wood pulp
parahawk: A fictional, hybrid form of snowmobile / paraglider
wogspeak: The type of English spoken by people of Southern European, Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, or Eastern European ancestry.
aclopine: Any scarab beetle of the subfamily Aclopinae
aegyptin: Any of a group of proteins present in the salivary gland of the mosquito (Aedes aegypti)
microvia: A very small via.
argonite: A mixture of argon and nitrogen used in firefighting
garagist: A French car mechanic or garage worker.
gameball: Alternative form of game ball
footsock: A very short sock, covering the foot but not the leg or ankle.
ten-spot: A ten-dollar bill.
floatant: A chemical agent applied to a fly to make it float on the water.
slackery: Laxity; idleness; lack of requisite effort.
fistfuck: Alternative form of fist-fuck
outguide: A physical placeholder marking the place of a record that has been temporarily removed from a file.
femerall: Alternative form of femerell
outbulge: A bulging outward.
eklogite: Alternative form of eclogite
pinmaker: A manufacturer of pins.
procural: The act of procuring something.
ramosity: The quality of being ramose.
pushcard: A punchboard.
stickout: A portion of wire extending from an electrode, important in the welding process.
skioring: Alternative form of skijoring
subclerk: A subordinate clerk; an underclerk.
micronap: An extremely short period of sleep, especially one during the day.
shitcoin: A cryptocurrency of little or unclear value.
fin fold: A median fold along the body of a fish embryo from which the dorsal, caudal and anal fins develop
novemvir: Any member of a group of nine officials.
cookwear: Misspelling of cookware.
man-wolf: A werewolf or lycanthrope.
decimvir: Misspelling of decemvir.
side eye: Alternative form of side-eye
familect: The language variant used by a family when speaking among themselves.
nanobrew: A beer produced by a nanobrewery.
metamale: Synonym of supermale (“male with XYY syndrome”)
killcrop: A changeling.
Rumeliot: A Rumelian.
translit: Clipping of transliteration.
cool kid: A trendsetter, often a hipster; one considered worthy of emulation for their fashion sense etc.
repebody: A protein scaffold containing amino acid repeats
love nut: coco-de-mer
bondmate: A person with whom one has an intimate emotional or spiritual bond.
wagonner: Alternative spelling of wagoner
starplot: Alternative form of star plot
slobland: A zone of muddy ground.
syrphine: Any hoverfly of the tribe Syrphini
balinger: A small medieval sea-going ship with oars and sails.
toeslope: The outermost gently inclined slope at the base of a hill
vurtoxin: A phospholipase present in some snake venom
B-spline: Abbreviation of basis spline.
Mahanian: A follower of Mahan's ideas.
crowbill: A bec de corbin.
crowbill: A kind of forceps for extracting bullets etc. from wounds.
actiniid: Any sea anemone of the family Actiniidae
androecy: The condition of being androecious
lophulid: A small crest on a tooth
calditol: A branched-chain nonitol present in the archaebacterium Caldariella
day-ager: A day-age creationist; a proponent of day-age creationism.
haminoid: Any sea snail of the family Haminoeidae
halotype: Misspelling of haplotype.
accorgan: A musical instrument combining an electronic keyboard with an accordion.
headfast: A rope at the bows of a ship used to fasten it to a wharf, etc.
knifeful: The amount that can be carried on a knife.
oroxylin: Any of a group of methylated flavones present in plants of the genus Oroxylum
hegumene: A female hegumen.
semi-ape: A lemur.
base fee: A qualified fee; a freehold estate of inheritance to which a qualification is annexed.
octairon: Eight iron atoms or cations in a molecule (Fe₈)
paldoxin: Any inhibitor of fungal detoxifying enzymes used as a fungicide
snapbean: Alternative form of snap bean
toothbar: A toothed bar fitted to a tractor
orientee: Synonym of trainee: a new employee undergoing a probation period of training and evaluation ("orientation").
seed-bud: The bud or germ of a seed; an ovule.
megacult: A very large cult.
betulate: Any salt or ester of betulinic acid
tradwife: A wife who fulfills a traditional gender role based on Western middle-class femininity of the mid twentieth century, often according to white supremacist ideals.
epilocus: An epicentral locus
graminan: A fructan present in the stems of cereals
helixone: A hemodialysis membrane
hagstone: A ceremonial stone with a hole drilled into used to ward off evil or see into other worlds
storeful: An amount that fills a store.
lentogen: A lentogenic virus
façadism: Alternative form of facadism
microMEC: A very small MEC
macroMEC: A relatively large MEC (as opposed to a microMEC)
angonoka: Astrochelys yniphora, a tortoise endemic to Madagascar having a highly domed light-brown carapace with prominent growth rings on each scute.
facadism: the practice of retaining only the facade of an old building when redeveloping a site.
facadism: a method where the facade is designed and/or constructed independently of the remainder of the rest of the building.
smokeout: An activist event at which people gather to smoke recreational drugs and promote their use.
phoneful: A quantity loaded onto a phone.
cabinful: The amount that fits in a cabin.
pathside: The area on either side of a path.
tellenid: Misspelling of tellinid.
pad-tree: The frame to which harness-pads are attached, for riding an animal.
Sikeliot: Alternative form of Siceliot
Siceliot: A member of the colonies of immigrant Greeks in Sicily, who gradually became assimilated with the native Siculi.
Siceliot: A Greek settler in Sicily; a Siculian.
zealexin: Any of a group of sesquiterpenoid phytoalexins present in maize derived from beta-bisabolene and beta-macrocarpene
workface: The exposed surface of an underground mine that is currently being worked
alkanone: Any saturated aliphatic ketone
axoporid: Any fossil hydrozoan of the genus †Axopora
beampath: The path of a beam (typically in a particle accelerator)
baeocyte: Synonym of endospore (“vegetative spore”)
copaxone: The drug glatiramer acetate used in the treatment of multiple sclerosis
chairful: A person (of a particular quality) that sits in a chair.
chairful: A quantity that fills a chair.
eurytopy: The condition of being eurytopic
pasteler: A pastry cook.
fieldful: A quantity that fills a field.
idebenol: A quinolic form of idebenone
isatinyl: The univalent radical derived from isatin
mimickee: A person or thing being mimicked
mutanome: All the somatic mutations associated with a tumour
Occamism: Alternative form of Ockhamism
Occamist: Alternative form of Ockhamist
nanoplex: A complex formed from a nanoparticle (typically a drug)
ozonator: A device that produces a supply of ozone by passing a silent electrical discharge through oxygen
frontoon: Alternative form of fronton (“a pediment”)
dadagiri: goondaism; gang rule; intimidating behavior.
rheogram: A graphical representation of the rheological characteristics of a material, typically a graph of shear flow versus shear stress
tiptrode: An electrode that has a sharp tip
HM slave: A Pokémon retained by the player to use Hidden Machine moves (certain moves that usually help in exploring the world of the games).
undecene: Any unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbon that has eleven carbon atoms and one double bond, but especially 1-undecene
de-esser: A plug-in or algorithm that de-esses, i.e., reduces the loudness of sibilants in an audio recording.
beamsize: Synonym of beamwidth
bodyplan: Alternative form of body plan
deerweed: The vetch Acmispon glaber
unfather: A man who is not a father.
earprick: Alternative form of ear prick
unmother: A woman who is not a mother.
boardful: An amount that fills a board.
blockful: An amount that fills a block.
ankleful: A quantity that covers or fills an ankle.
quoc ngu: The romanized writing system used to write Vietnamese.
extreame: Obsolete spelling of extreme
bargeful: A quantity that fills a barge.
intramer: An intracellular aptamer
wristful: A quantity worn on or covering one wrist.
wristful: The amount that can be released by a movement of the wrist
wristful: The amount that can be taken from a wrist.
myometry: The measurement of muscular contraction
low back: Synonym of lower back
partyful: As much as makes up a party.
frameful: A quantity that fills a frame (any sense).
pulsovar: Synonym of pulsotype
Scoutess: A female Scout.
scoutess: A female scout.
regiomer: Synonym of regioisomer
clumpful: A quantity that makes up a clump.
retrocue: A cue (signal) given after, or during an associated event
chunkful: Synonym of chunk
benifice: Rare form of benefice.
spaniine: Any fly of the subfamily Spaniinae
deathfat: A morbidly obese person.
slangery: The use of slang; language containing slang lexis.
tub file: A technique used to speed the generation of data files on punch card, involving multiple copies of frequently used cards that were prepunched and stored in trays arranged by index.
unduloid: A surface of revolution of an elliptic catenary
monthful: A quantity that lasts or occurs throughout a month.
adolapin: An analgetic, antiinflammatory polypeptide present in bee venom
dressful: As much as is within, on, or held by a dress.
sinetron: A sitcom or soap opera.
betulone: A hydroxy derivative of lupenone
shirtful: As much as is within, on, or held by a shirt.
chuvirus: Any virus of the family Chuviridae
drainful: Enough to fill a drain.
nightful: All that occurs or is done during a single night.
nightful: As much as is produced or consumed throughout an entire night.
iceskate: Alternative form of ice skate
eburicol: A triterpenoid derivative that is a fungal metabolite present in Taiwanofungus camphoratus
goadsman: Alternative form of goadman
subwayer: Someone who travels by underground railway; someone who subways.
groinful: A quantity that covers or impacts on a groin.
farariya: An army commander in the Mali empire.
floorful: A quantity that fills or covers a floor.
eBanking: Alternative spelling of e-banking
ebanking: Alternative spelling of e-banking
tegosept: Synonym of methylparaben
foredawn: The time just before dawn.
aryloxyl: any univalent radical R-O-, or anion R-O⁻, where R is an aryl group
baitboat: Alternative form of bait boat
type bar: A line of type cast in one piece, as in a linotype or typograph.
caseback: The back part of a watch (i.e. not the display)
techlash: Backlash against technology.
mantique: An antique or collectible which appeals mainly to men.
airshift: A block of continuous broadcast time, often four or six hours.
palm-oil: Uncommon spelling of palm oil.
ectobiid: Any cockroach of the family Ectobiidae
juicebox: Alternative form of juice box
blue lie: A lie told by a police officer in order to get someone to comply with his or her wishes, thereby avoiding the use of force.
blue lie: A lie told to protect the reputation of one's group or organization.
sourhead: One who is grumpy, negative, and bad-tempered.
toedance: Alternative form of toe dance
minicosm: A smaller system which is designed to be representative of a larger one
long bit: The monetary amount of fifteen cents.
brickery: A place where bricks are manufactured or stored.
Melibean: Alternative form of Meliboean
spicebox: An ornamental box for keeping spices.
spicebox: A hot-tempered person.
rapemeat: A person who is used only to be raped.
rhenanid: Any placoderm of the order †Rhenanida
khanship: The office, or term, of a khan.
sideache: A pain in one's side.
dog team: A team of dogs used to pull a dog sledge over ice and snow.
ceratose: Alternative form of keratose
proemion: Alternative form of proemium
dualizer: That which dualizes.
canalith: An otolith that has migrated to a semicircular canal.
deadzone: Alternative form of dead zone
fill-out: An option provided as one of a number of possible answers to a question in a form.
fill-out: An extra car added to a freight train in order to achieve a minimum tonnage.
fill-out: Something extra that is added to increase the size of something.
fill-out: The amount by which a star in a binary system extends beyond its Roche lobe.
makefast: Something to which a vessel can be made fast or tied, such as a cleat, post or bollard.
fireshed: A boundary between places in which a wildfire would move in different directions
fixolide: The ketone 1-(1,1,2,3,3,6-hexamethyl-2H-inden-5-yl)ethanone used in the perfumery industry as "musk indane"
jadeware: Crockery made from jade, or having a jade-like green colour.
cyboteur: One who sabotages computer systems or networks.
hime cut: An Asian hairstyle consisting of straight, usually cheek-length sidelocks and a frontal fringe. The rest of the hair is usually worn long and straightened.
gyniatry: The study of women's diseases; gynecology.
plecotin: Any long-eared bat of the tribe Plecotini
rodogram: A form of variogram that plots the square root of spatial differences
cheretta: Alternative form of chiretta
stenonid: Any plant of the genus Stenonia
man lift: Alternative spelling of manlift
tipuloid: Any fly of the superfamily Tipuloidea
woodsful: As much as can be found in a woods; forestful.
bobbypin: Alternative form of bobby pin
zymotype: A type (typically of an enzyme) produced by fermentation
picottah: Alternative spelling of picota
brassero: A tall dish for burning charcoal.
shashiya: A Maghrebi brimless cap with a tassel and straight sides.
red gold: Synonym of rose gold
Eurorack: A kind of customizable modular audio synthesizer.
softcoat: A coating that is vulnerable to scratches or other types of damage.
acrichin: The antimalarial drug quinacrine hydrochloride.
leanback: A seat back formed by a frame made of flexible twigs and covered by a hide or blanket.
azacrine: A particular mepacrine analogue.
hardcoat: A coating that provides a hard, protective layer.
rawstock: Hides or skins that have been preserved to be tanned later.
rod line: A fishing line that is not wound on a reel.
littl'un: Contraction of little un; littlun.
reescape: a second escape.
nigerone: Any of a class of naphthopyrones obtained from Aspergillus niger or its close relatives.
deep cut: An obscure song by a well known musician.
deep cut: Any obscure work, a thing likely to be recognized only by a connoisseur.
deep cut: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see deep, cut.
linganth: Abbreviation of linguistic anthropology.
linganth: A linguistic anthropologist.
oleacein: The phenolic ester 2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)ethyl (Z)-4-formyl-3-(2-oxoethyl)hex-4-enoate present in olive oil
furtaker: A hunter who goes in search of pelts.
chinlock: A position in which one wrestler grabs the other's chin, particularly with the attacker's knees on the opponent's upper back.
pattamar: Alternative form of patamar
UHT milk: ultrapasteurized milk
omuramba: A watercourse, which may be dry much of the year, in the Kalahari Desert.
crinitol: A linear diterpenoid derived from the seaweed Cystoseira crinita, (2E,6E,9R,10E)-3,7,11,15-tetramethylhexadeca-2,6,10,14-tetraene-1,9-diol
nepantla: A concept of in-between-ness associated with Chicano and Latino people.
teneurin: Any of a group of glycoproteins associated with neurons
cocovore: An eater of coconuts; someone subsisting primarily on coconut.
wavegram: A visual representation of laryngographic analysis of the voice
borazole: borazine (a six-membered ring of alternating NH and BH) or a compound derived from it.
hot wash: Alternative form of hotwash
hot wash: The act of washing laundry in hot water, or the setting on a washing machine for such a wash.
approvee: One who is requesting approval from an approver; one who receives approval.
Amharism: An expression or characteristic peculiar to the Amharic language.
'Arryism: raucous cheerfulness
Bess bug: Any of various beetles of the family Passalidae.
torticid: Misspelling of tortricid.
riverful: as much as a river would hold.
postroll: An advertisement that plays after the main content.
courtful: As much as a court would hold.
oceanful: as much as an ocean can hold.
patchbox: Alternative spelling of patch box
mboziite: a sodium containing amphibole.
welinite: A red trigonal mineral which is a manganese, tungsten silicate.
diborate: A salt or anion with oxygen and two boron atoms in the formula, (BO₃)₂ or B₂O₅
meterful: enough to fill a meter.
arenaful: as much as an arena would hold.
doxepine: Alternative form of doxepin
Cherkess: A Circassian.
staggart: A four-year-old male deer, identified by having three-pronged antlers.
cliquery: A social structure characterized by cliques.
cliquery: Cliquishness.
sea worm: A marine annelid.
tundrite: A triclinic mineral containing sodium, rare earths, titanium, silicate, carbonate and oxygen.
feedmill: Alternative form of feed mill
filozoan: Any organism of the clade Filozoa, which includes animals and their nearest relatives.
toolrest: Alternative form of tool-rest
genocyte: Misspelling of gonocyte.
żubrówka: Alternative spelling of zubrowka
daloxate: Synonym of medoxomil
fellwort: Alternative form of felwort
bush bar: A local establishment serving drinks and often snacks or simple meals.
molosser: A dog of various large, solidly-built breeds, typically having heavy bones, pendant ears, and a relatively short and well-muscled neck with a short, broad muzzle.
wad-hook: Alternative spelling of wad hook
wad hook: two spiral blades arranged something like a corkscrew and fastened to a ramrod for extracting spherical objects from the bottom of a bore-hole, particularly a bullet from the barrel of a firearm
ammoidin: methoxsalen
tigliane: A tetracyclic structure found in some diterpenes.
thapsane: Any of a family of sesquiterpenes that are found in Mediterranean plants.
wireform: wireframe
larryman: Dated form of lorryman.
tourdion: A lively dance, similar to a galliard
lorryman: A person employed to operate a lorry (cart or wagon for transporting coke etc.).
handback: The act of handing something back.
microsaw: A very small saw
mealmoth: Synonym of flour moth, Pyralis farinalis
seminism: The old theory that the newly created being is formed by the mixture of the seed of the male with the supposed seed of the female.
tickbird: A bird, the oxpecker.
tickbird: A bird, the yellow-headed caracara (Milvago chimachima).
trackout: Traces of material carried out of an area as a result of sticking to clothing, vehicles, etc.
trackout: A backward movement of the camera, showing a wider field.
trackout: The exit of a curve when the car has just fully straightened out.
trackout: Navigational assistance providing by tracking a boat or plane as it starts on a course, ensuring that it is following the correct trajectory.
polytarp: A tarpaulin made from woven polyethylene.
big-shot: Alternative spelling of big shot
Chapelon: A steam locomotive designed by André Chapelon.
firehole: An opening fitted with a door, giving access to the firebox of a steam locomotive, through which coal can be shovelled and the fire tended.
Filipinx: A Filipina (“f”) or Filipino (“m”)
pedoderm: A thin stratum of soil in contact with the air
seerbund: Alternative form of sirband
parimion: Alternative form of paromoeon
ecomycin: Any of a class of lipopeptides isolated from Pseudomonas viridiflava.
overgain: Excessive gain.
créquier: A highly stylized tree of seven (less commonly, five) symmetrical branches, typically also depicted fruited, typically identified in English and French heraldic works as a wild cherry or wild plum.
bungwall: A species of fern, Telmatoblechnum indicum, native to Australia and Southeast Asia.
heptaoxo: A chemical compound with seven oxygen atoms with double bonds.
pentaoxo: A chemical compound with five oxygen atoms with double bonds.
Podolian: A native or inhabitant of Podolia.
tetraoxo: A chemical compound with four oxygen atoms with double bonds.
hexaster: A hexact with axes that branch into rays at the extremity.
abilitie: Obsolete spelling of ability
learnyng: Obsolete spelling of learning
weakenes: Obsolete spelling of weakness
keysmash: A haphazard striking of keys on a keyboard to convey frustration, laughter, or other emotion; the text so produced.
bodywash: Alternative form of body wash
war-hero: Alternative form of war hero
war hero: Someone who commits an act of heroism in a combat setting.
monardin: A stearopten obtained from monarda oil, isomeric with thymol.
morphina: Obsolete form of morphine.
hard out: An immovable deadline, at which time someone must leave somewhere, or something must conclude.
cutscore: The mark in a test required to achieve a pass.
salonful: Enough to fill a salon.
earthful: As much as the earth can or does hold or sustain.
chalance: An attitude of seriousness and earnestness.
fall-guy: Alternative form of fall guy
bye-lane: Obsolete form of bylane.
squadcar: Alternative spelling of squad car
woodship: A wooden ship.
woodship: Control over and responsibility for a wooded area.
joy-bell: A church bell.
rebadger: One who rebadges something.
nearwork: Work that requires visual focus on something located close to the worker's eyes.
toluache: Any of various poisonous plants of the genus Datura.
xylidide: A pharmacologically inactive glycine derived from lidocaine.
skillman: A gray-collar worker; someone who does skilled technical work.
treefern: Alternative form of tree fern
volaemia: blood volume
daddy-oh: Alternative form of daddy-o
floorway: An elevated section of floor over which one can walk.
quantoid: An academic who relies purely on quantitative research methods.
quantoid: The left hand side of a linear differential equation whose right hand side is zero.
trospium: A drug used to treat overactive bladder.
sing-off: A competition between two or more singers where each tries to do better than the last.
puzzlery: Something that contains puzzles;
puzzlery: The process of solving puzzles.
anguinid: Any nematode of the genus Anguina
poor dab: Someone to be pitied, poor thing
Kazanian: Kazan Tatar; Tatar proper, an agglutinative language belonging to the Altai group of Turkic languages. It is an official language of Tatarstan, and distinguished from Crimean Tatar and Siberian Tatar.
Kazanian: A person from Kazan.
Kazanian: A Kazan Tatar; a member of the "nominate" Tatarian ethnic group (who are indigenous people of Eastern Europe and Russia) that are simply called Tatars, distinguished from Crimean Tatars and Siberian Tatars.
lee-gage: Alternative spelling of lee gauge
lee gage: Alternative spelling of lee gauge
strawbed: A mattress made of dry straw in a cloth sack, often used beneath a featherbed or other softer mattress.
strawbed: Childbirth.
Santhali: Alternative form of Santali
acredale: Alternative form of acre-dale
capeweed: The plant Arctotheca calendula
mabkhara: A traditional censer in the Arab world and Turkey, usually having a square pedestal base or legs with inward-sloping sides which support a square cup with outward-sloping sides.
free day: A day on which people do not have to attend school, work, etc.
cadinane: An organic compound found in agarwood oil.
ecocracy: A system of government focused on protecting the natural environment.
rockmass: A mass of rock.
tripcock: A train-mounted safety device which interacts with a trackside device to stop a train automatically if it passes a signal at danger (showing a red light).
caninoid: A being having the appearance or characteristics of a canine (canid).
caninoid: A tooth having the appearance or characteristics of a canine tooth.
Mantecan: A native or inhabitant of Manteca, California, in the United States.
five-pin: five-pin bowling (played only in Canada)
Hamdanid: A member of the Hamdanid dynasty.
eumuroid: Any rodent of the clade Eumuroida of muroid rodents, including families Calomyscidae, Nesomyidae, Cricetidae, Muridae and their closest ancestors.
fesselin: A protein, present in smooth muscle, that stimulates actin
shitbull: Bullshit.
shitbull: A pit bull terrier.
forkweed: The alga Dictyota dichotoma
timekeep: A timekeeper; someone or something that timekeeps.
dog lead: a cord or strap attached to a dog to control it.
hemivein: Either of a pair of veins, typically in the retina
packraft: A lightweight inflatable boat.
P-plater: One who has P-plates on their vehicle, indicating that they only have a provisional driver's licence.
L-plater: One who has L-plates on their vehicle, indicating that they are learning to drive.
sumacing: gerund of sumac: the process of applying a preparation of sumac to an object.
thiazolo: A thiazole ring fused to a ring of another compound. (Square brackets with numbers will indicate the orientations of the rings)
sunriser: An early riser who gets up at dawn.
sunriser: An alcoholic beverage drunk early in the morning.
sunriser: One who likes novelty and change; one who is optimistic about new endeavors.
decocker: A device in certain firearms that uncocks the weapon.
dehairer: Something or someone that removes hair.
ketimido: a ketimide ligand.
ketimide: An ion, group or ligand containing a carbon atom with a double bond to a nitrogen atom
brainful: As much as one person can think about or hold in mind at one time.
aeroball: A sport, somewhat like volleyball, in which the players compete while on a trampoline
body man: A male personal assistant.
body man: A man who works on auto bodies.
low life: Alternative form of lowlife
waterbar: A barrier built across a steeply sloping road or trail in order to direct the flow of water and prevent erosion; waterbreak.
waterbar: Waterstop.
off-side: Alternative form of offside.
lacticol: A polyhydric alcohol (polyol) derived from lactose, used as a sweetener
airfarer: One who travels by air.
fig roll: A kind of sweet roll with a filling of fig paste.
unseelie: Alternative letter-case form of Unseelie
downwell: A vertical shaft or well in which water flows downward.
downwell: Synonym of downwelling
duoprism: A polytope resulting from the Cartesian product of two polytopes.
knotchel: Alternative form of notchel
Nabatæan: Archaic spelling of Nabatean.
multibox: Alternative form of multi-box
rubiadin: Any of a group of hydroxylated anthraquinones, but especially 1,3-dihydroxy-2-methyl-9,10-anthracenedione
spintrap: Alternative form of spin trap
Tutuilan: A native or inhabitant of Tutuila.
turriane: A (14-p,0-o)cyclophane derived from the gum from the wood of the plant Grevillea striata, consisting of biphenyl joined in a ring by a chain of fourteen carbon atoms.
treeplot: A graphical representation of a tree (data structure)
xylozine: Misspelling of xylazine.
rat cake: Rat poison in the form of a solid block.
rosoglio: Alternative form of rosolio
rapanone: A benzoquinone chemical derivative with a thirteen carbon side chain and two hydroxyl groups, a natural product found in Myrsinaceae roots: 2,5-dihydroxy-3-tridecyl-1,4-benzoquinone
arsinate: The anion H₂AsO₂⁻, or one of its derivatives formed by substituting the hydrogen with an organic chemical group, or a salt thereof. It has arsenic formally in a +1 oxidation state.
grasspea: Alternative spelling of grass pea
frigoric: A hypothetical fluid medium of cold, in analogy to caloric.
forenote: A preceding note or message; a preface.
uhligite: A black isometric mineral containing aluminium, calcium, oxygen, titanium and zirconium.
uakitite: An isometric mineral containing vanadium and nitrogen.
eye lock: Alternative form of eyelock
eye-lock: Alternative form of eyelock
pipkrake: Needle ice; ice structures formed when the air temperature is below 0℃ and the soil is not.
Baalbeki: A person from, or an inhabitant of, Baalbek.
handlock: A locking mechanism that operates by hand.
handlock: A restraint that attaches to the wrist, especially a shackle or handcuff.
handlock: A hold for restraining another person by immobilizing their hand.
handlock: Immobilization of the hand.
boatside: The side of a boat.
wellboat: Alternative form of well-boat
badgeman: A man who wears a badge.
badgeman: An almshouse man.
bergmote: Obsolete form of barmote.
dome car: A railroad passenger car with a glass observation dome.
rosolite: A rose pink variety of grossular; rose garnet.
maxaxite: Synonym of blue beryl
meatfork: A large fork for turning meat or holding it in place for carving.
quintoon: Alternative form of quintroon
decanone: Any aliphatic ketone that has ten carbon atoms
sunangel: A South American hummingbird of genus Heliangelus.
bi-level: Alternative form of bilevel
sun bath: Alternative form of sunbath
air-bath: Alternative form of air bath
sun-bath: Alternative form of sunbath
sun-shot: Alternative form of sun shot
sun shot: A measurement of the angle of the sun, made using a sextant, usually at noon.
sun shot: A photograph that includes the sun.
air bath: Synonym of compressed-air bath
air bath: Exposure to fresh air, especially when naked or nearly naked.
air bath: A sealed system containing air with a controlled temperature.
sunfever: Alternative form of sun fever
farrower: A crate designed to hold a farrowing pig
Isfahani: A person from, or an inhabitant of, Isfahan.
hemisome: A coil of DNA, surrounding a core of four histones, in a centromere
Lahorite: A person from, or an inhabitant of, Lahore.
Paradesi: Synonym of Paradesi Jew
Bleasite: Alternative form of Bleaseite
glucosid: Archaic form of glucoside.
sebolith: A concretion in a sebaceous gland.
hot zone: An area to which access is restricted because it is contaminated with radiation or a chemical or biological biohazard.
hot zone: An area where fighting or hostilities are likely to erupt.
hot zone: An apparatus for growing crystals at very hot temperatures.
hot zone: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hot, zone.
dropcake: Alternative form of drop cake
bodyshop: Alternative spelling of body shop (automotive body repair garage)
Ländchen: The German name given to several Ice Age plateaux in the Havelland region, which climb to over 70 meters above the formerly marshy urstromtal levels (old glacial meltwater valleys) of the Havelland Luch and the Rhinluch.
bearbait: An instance of bearbaiting.
bearbait: Bait used to lure bears.
bearbait: A person or animal that is not very useful or respected.
tradcath: A Catholic who seeks to change the practices of Catholicism back to the norms of before the Second Vatican Council.
deepdraw: The act or result of deepdrawing.
line gun: A firearm designed to shoot a rope across a distance, usually used to pass lines from one ship to another.
line gun: A beam weapon, that shoots a long-duration beam to burn through the target, like a laser cutter
Dear Joy: An Irishman.
lenticle: A small lens or window.
lenticle: Misspelling of lenticel.
feltwort: mullein (Verbascum gen. et spp.)
mew gull: The common gull, Larus canus.
mew gull: The common gull, Larus canus.
mew gull: The North American subspecies of the common gull.
modelome: The complete set of a series of models (in any of several contexts)
murolith: Any coccolith that has an outer ring of vertical elements
nanocell: A nanosize cell (in any of several contexts)
nanolith: A calcareous nanofossil
katamari: Something which rolls up other objects, growing increasingly large.
come-off: An outcome or conclusion; the way that a situation turns out.
come-off: An evasive answer or postponement; an act of putting someone off.
hanaster: A person paying the entrance fee of the guild merchant, and admitted as a freeman of the city of Oxford.
octanone: Any aliphatic ketone that has eight carbon atoms
scuddler: A scullion; a servant who does the cleaning, etc.
ambalama: A simple structure built to provide shelter to travellers in Sri Lanka.
cambutta: Alternative form of cambuca
band tee: A T-shirt featuring the name or logo of a band.
folkboat: A small, affordable sailboat, rigged as a sloop.
fat ball: Synonym of suet cake (“nutritional supplement for birds”)
Rumchata: A cream liqueur made from spiced rum and horchata.
gelatini: A Jell-O shot served in a cocktail glass.
crantini: A martini cocktail with cranberry juice.
gallevat: Alternative form of gallivat
altarlet: A small altar.
pas seul: A solo dance.
periclot: Misspelling of peridot.
exopolis: A region of urban sprawl without the traditional qualities of a city.
cityness: The state or quality of being or resembling a city.
poolfish: Any fish that inhabits a pool or pond
vacabond: Alternative form of vagabond
baptizee: One who undergoes baptism.
billetee: One who is billeted.
cottonee: A Turkish fabric of cotton and silk satinet.
directee: A person who undergoes spiritual direction.
mandatee: A person appointed to some office by mandate.
ordainee: One who is ordained.
letteree: A person who was restored to his estate by letters of Charles II of England.
preferee: One who is preferred.
objectee: A person whom somebody else objects to.
lecturee: One who listens to a lecture.
signalee: The person toward whom a signal is directed.
bung eye: An infected eye.
rapeugee: Alternative form of rapefugee
retardee: A person with an intellectual disability.
demasker: An unmasker.
zealoter: One who is full of zeal and commitment.
cerebrol: An oily reddish fluid found in brain tissue.
visagist: Alternative form of visagiste
importee: Someone or something that is imported, or brought in from outside.
backpost: A pole or post onto the front of which items to be used are attached.
monoprop: Abbreviation of monopropellant.
punctule: A little point or spot.
Berytean: Alternative form of Berytian
weed man: A male drug dealer or dispenser who specializes in cannabis.
weed man: A man who destroys weeds, especially one who works in agricultural weed suppression.
Berytian: A native or inhabitant of Berytus (“the ancient city of Beirut”).
windsnap: The breaking of the bole of a tree by the wind.
windsnap: Trees broken in this manner.
wet mass: The mass of a rocket including its contents and propellant.
dry mass: The mass of a rocket including its contents but without propellant.
dry mass: A demonstrative celebration of most of the liturgy of the Mass, omitting the consecration of the elements.
spurline: A form of microwave filter
warp end: An individual warp thread in a fabric.
day-dawn: The rising of the sun; the time when the sun rises.
nam prik: Alternative form of nam phrik
vetivone: Any of a class of sesquiterpene ketones found in vetiver oil.
vetivene: Any of a class of terpenes found in vetiver oil.
heptuple: Synonym of septuple
Barbadan: Alternative form of Barbadian
Patesian: A student or alumnus of Pate's Grammar School, Cheltenham, England.
histogen: Any of the germ layers involved in histogenesis.
xianbing: A traditional kind of Chinese stuffed pancake.
wageling: One who is hired for wages, especially one motivated solely by money; a hireling.
flakelet: A small flake.
indulgee: A person who is indulged.
handrope: A rope to be gripped with the hand.
oenochoë: Alternative form of oenochoe
snowbelt: An area that is characterized by heavy annual snowfall.
snowbelt: Especially, the area around the Great Lakes in the north-eastern United States.
oily-wad: An oil-powered torpedo boat.
poweroid: A Sheffer sequence.
schnitty: A Wiener schnitzel.
headflip: A quick movement of the head that changes its orientation.
saudagar: A merchant or trader, especially one selling European goods in a civil station or cantonment.
bacanora: A Mexican alcoholic beverage distilled from agave plants, made in the state of Sonora.
gighouse: A building for keeping a gig (horse-drawn carriage) when not in use; carriage house.
land art: Artworks created from, and sited within, the natural environment.
kymatics: Alternative form of cymatics
plug cut: Compressed chewing tobacco.
optionee: The purchaser of a financial option.
optionor: The grantor of a financial option.
L square: A ruler shaped like a capital letter L, used for creating scaled versions of sewing patterns.
W engine: A kind of piston engine where three or four cylinder banks use the same crankshaft, resembling the letter W when viewed from the front.
delister: One who delists.
rangette: A small stove for cooking.
applebox: Alternative form of apple box
necklock: A wrestling move in which the opponent's neck is held immobile.
drinksie: An alcoholic beverage.
frontsie: The act of joining a queue in front of a friend rather than at the end of the queue.
bag knot: A type of knot often used by millers to fasten the neck of a sack of grain or flour.
negimaki: A Japanese dish of broiled strips of beef marinated in teriyaki sauce and rolled with scallions.
surfpunk: Alternative form of surf punk
facthood: The quality of being factual; factuality.
fabledom: All fables, collectively, and the worlds depicted in them.
fabledom: Cultural beliefs that are not grounded in fact.
fabledom: The legends of a particular subculture.
malender: Alternative form of malander
malander: singular of malanders
quarrell: Obsolete spelling of quarrel
lycosoid: Any spider in the superfamily Lycosoidea or similar taxonomic group.
funk art: An American antiestablishment art movement opposing Abstract Expressionism.
biethnic: A member of two ethnic groups.
burn bag: A bag for securely holding sensitive or classified documents which are to be destroyed by fire or pulping after a certain period of time.
praiense: Someone from Vitória da Praia, Azores, Portugal
praiense: Someone from Praia.
β-glucan: Alternative form of beta-glucan
antigeny: Sexual dimorphism, especially in lepidopterans.
yeet hay: internal heat
blochiid: A prehistoric fish of the family Blochiidae
lullabye: Archaic form of lullaby.
UFO nest: A crop circle, regarded as a landing site for UFOs.
pie fork: Synonym of pastry fork
saringda: Alternative spelling of sarinda
maxi-pad: A large-sized sanitary pad for use during heavy menstruation.
pilotman: A railway employee who directs operations over a section of railway line temporarily reduced to single track, e.g. during maintenance work, or within an unsignalled area.
subtrack: A track making up part of a larger track.
phourion: A fortified stronghold in the context of Ancient Greece.
scarbabe: Alternative form of scare-babe.
elagolix: A gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist (GnRH antagonist) medication used to treat pain associated with endometriosis.
titanism: Nonconformism; rebellion against prevailing social and artistic conventions, especially when it involves grandiosity or hubris.
SARS-CoV: Abbreviation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus.
SARS-CoV: Abbreviation of Severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus (species of SARS-associated coronavirus).
dead pan: Alternative form of deadpan
cenocron: A temporary biota or subset of a biota
clavatol: A phenol produced by Aspergillus clavatus and observed as an impurity of clavatin
dead-pan: Alternative form of deadpan
ale pole: Alternative form of alepole
Shitland: Alternative spelling of shitland
mee grob: Alternative form of mee krob
pit crew: The mechanics who work on a car during pit stops.
ale-pole: Alternative form of alepole
winetree: A grapevine.
marchfly: Alternative form of March fly
Apoheles: Ellipsis of Apohele asteroids.; plural of Apohele
chipster: A microchip manufacturer.
Q. E. D.: Alternative form of QED (“some fact or scenario that proves an argument or proposition”)
algorist: One who uses Arabic numerals to represent numbers and to perform calculations, as opposed to one who uses Roman numerals to represent numbers and an abacus to perform calculations.
algorist: One who develops algorithms.
algorist: The aspect of a biological organism that follows a systematic process to interpret perceptual data.
ill name: A bad reputation.
salatrim: A reduced-calorie fat substitute prepared by interesterification of short-chain triglycerides like triacetin or butyrin with hydrogenated vegetable oils.
stiliaga: Alternative form of stilyaga
red back: Alternative spelling of redback
red-back: Alternative spelling of redback
beer-gut: Alternative spelling of beer gut
apertive: A substance that can be used medicinally for its apertive effect.
jhooming: Alternative form of jhumming
megacyst: An enlarged urinary bladder
Dullahan: Alternative letter-case form of dullahan
dullahan: A black-clad (usually male) horserider in Irish folklore which carries its severed head like a lantern and may be repelled by gold; when it stops riding (or calls out someone's name), someone will die. (Also called the Gan Ceann, Irish for "[one] without a head".)
Unseelie: A malevolent or malicious fairy.
sea-girl: A youthful mermaid.
chilorio: A dish from Sinaloa, Mexico, of slow-simmered pork (or, rarely, something else such as mushrooms) fried and cooked in a chile sauce.
ghoulism: Ghoulish behaviour; the quality of being or acting like a ghoul.
guzzinta: Division, in terms of working out how many times one number goes into another.
doorflap: A flap of material serving as a crude door to a tent etc.
umuganda: A national period of mandatory community work that takes place once per month in Rwanda.
J-school: A school or a division within a college or university teaching topics related to the practice of journalism.
daahling: Elongation of dahling.
hen-peck: Alternative form of henpeck
hen peck: Alternative form of henpeck
spag bog: Alternative form of spag bol
morepoke: Alternative spelling of morepork
tommorow: Misspelling of tomorrow.
taboulah: Alternative spelling of tabbouleh
bean rag: A pennant displayed on a ship at mealtimes.
snow-job: Alternative spelling of snow job
agropark: A business area with a concentration of agriculture-related services such as storage and logistics; an agribusiness complex.
seatstay: Alternative spelling of seat stay.
slimwear: Fetishwear made from skintight materials such as latex.
yoke-pin: One of four vertical wooden bars, half on each side of the animal's head, on a yoke.
billback: The process of charging the client for a portion of the cost of resources that the client has used in order to recover the capital expense.
jowarree: Archaic form of jawar.
gut roll: A protruding area of fat on the belly.
archæism: Alternative spelling of archaism.
red pipe: An artery.
Kadarism: Synonym of goulash communism
sheftsvo: In the Soviet Union, a form of patronage where more skilled or advanced workers (such as military troops or a factory) provided assistance and mentoring to the less skilled (such as farmers and construction labourers).
orgonomy: The study of orgone.
trailman: Alternative form of trailsman
Q-switch: A device that causes Q-switching.
Q-switch: The process of Q-switching.
shit can: Alternative form of shitcan
folk way: Alternative form of folkway
junk gun: Synonym of Saturday-night special
folk-way: Alternative form of folkway
shit-can: Alternative form of shitcan
decanate: Face, one of three parts into which each zodiac sign is divided; a decan.
decanate: A group of parishes over which a dean presides; a deanery.
top note: The most volatile parts of a perfume which are immediately perceived upon its application.
top note: The highest note that can be produced by a certain instrument or singer.
top note: The best that a person can do; one's finest achievement.
vagarist: One whose thought wanders in many directions.
tiefling: A member of a race of beings having a combination of human and demonic ancestry, found especially in Dungeons & Dragons.
wire tap: Alternative form of wiretap
fore arm: Alternative spelling of forearm
fore-arm: Alternative spelling of forearm
yardsman: The foreman or man in charge of the activities in a yard (train yard, prison yard, stock yard, etc).
yardsman: A general laborer in a yard.
ale-hoof: Alternative form of alehoof
ale-wife: Alternative form of alewife (woman who sells ale)
educracy: Educrats collectively; bureaucracy in the field of education.
wire-tap: Alternative form of wiretap
smartlet: A guided bomblet.
redliner: One who redlines.
redenial: A second or subsequent denial.
babeship: Infancy; babyhood.
babeship: (archaic, with "my", "his", "her", or (plural) "their" or "our") A baby.
babeship: A baby.
recorker: A person or device that replaces corks in bottles.
brig rat: Somebody who has spent time in the brig; an offender in the military.
masondom: The world, sphere, or realm of masons; masons collectively.
acrocyst: A chitinous cyst of the gonophore at the top of the gonotheca in some hydroids
cacogamy: any kind of socially unacceptable marriage
mergence: The act of merging.
helonium: Synonym of helium hydride
Eldonian: A member of the tenants' rights group or housing cooperative in the Eldonian area organized in the late 1970s by Tony McGann.
drogulus: Something that exists but whose existence cannot be verified because it is completely intangible.
Fidelism: Synonym of Castrism
neuromer: Alternative form of neuromere
Scotchka: A cocktail consisting of equal parts Scotch whisky and vodka.
kryptide: A binary compound of krypton
argonide: A binary compound of argon
nocoiner: A person that does not hold or invest in any cryptocurrencies.
nocoiner: A critic of cryptocurrencies and their economies.
xenonide: A binary compound of xenon.
flu mask: A face mask designed to protect the wearer from contracting the flu virus.
Mas John: A Scottish Presbyterian minister, as opposed to an Anglican or Catholic clergyman.
flowdown: The process by which something flows downward.
elf bolt: Alternative form of elf-bolt
lunarite: The substance that forms the lighter portions of the lunar surface, as opposed to lunabase.
lunabase: The substance that forms the darker areas of the lunar surface, as opposed to lunarite.
leafpile: A pile of leaves.
pink tea: A fashionable formal tea party or other social gathering; specifically, one organized and attended chiefly by women to discuss matters of suffrage, raise funds for charity, etc.
pink tea: Any exclusive social gathering.
pink tea: Something (as an event or policy) excessively polite and refined; specifically, one regarded as ineffective and weak.
pink tea: A hot drink from the Indian subcontinent with a pink colour, made with gunpowder tea, baking soda, and milk.
deburrer: A device used for deburring
Morseman: A Morse code operator.
Seleukid: Alternative form of Seleucid
isolatee: One who is isolated.
windwatt: A mudflat exposed as a result of wind action on water.
bonk bag: A cyclist's musette or satchel used to carry food to counter "bonk" (sudden glycogen depletion).
loyaltie: Obsolete form of loyalty.
S-matrix: Abbreviation of scattering matrix.
Wee Free: A member of this political group.
bonedome: An aviator's protective helmet.
feedbunk: Alternative form of feed bunk
flashlet: A Flash animation
footcave: A basal indent in a karst landscape caused by water
gleysoil: Alternative form of gleysol
joshanda: A herbal infusion used as a remedy for the common cold
capsizee: One whose vessel capsizes.
new name: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see new, name.
lentulid: Any grasshopper of the family Lentulidae
schtschi: Alternative form of shchi (“Russian cabbage soup”)
outbleed: The bleeding or release of air from a system.
soulmark: A mark on a character's body identifying their soulmate(s); the physical manifestation of a character's soulbond.
hire car: A car that is hired, or available for hire.
suitlock: Synonym of suitport
suitport: An alternative to an airlock in space flight, consisting of a detachable space suit that is kept sealed against the outside of the spacecraft or habitat while not in use.
quailery: A structure in which one houses quail that are kept as a food animal.
pyraloid: Any moth of the superfamily Pyraloidea
remainee: A person who remains, typically when most others leave
terpinyl: A univalent radical derived from a terpineol
tensilin: A form of stiffening protein in some sea creatures
thraller: Synonym of enthraller
spademan: Alternative form of spade man
ctenopod: Any crustacean of the suborder Ctenopoda
furoxane: Alternative form of furoxan
geelhout: A broad-leaved yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), or any other tree of genus Podocarpus.
guaiacyl: A univalent radical derived from guaiacol
habituee: One who is habituated to something; a frequent user or visitor.
tax swap: Synonym of tax shift
desultor: A person skilled at leaping from one horse or chariot to another.
bookness: The qualities that make a book what it is.
vagarian: One with ridiculous or whimsical ideas; a crackpot.
labenine: Any parasitic wasp of the subfamily Labeninae
rescaler: One who or that which changes the scale or proportions of something.
Elymaean: A person from Elymais
ailurine: Any member of the subfamily Ailurinae.
maplexin: Any of a group of glycosides of gallic acid present in the maple Acer rubrum
zealousy: Zeal; zealotry.
zealousy: The passionate desire for an exclusive relationship.
bioprene: Bodily fat, emphasizing its function of keeping warm and providing flotation, similar to a wetsuit made of neoprene.
sunbleak: Synonym of moderlieschen, Leucaspius delineatus.
dog chew: A chew toy for a dog
cum div.: Abbreviation of cum dividend.
contrib.: Abbreviation of contribution.
dope dog: A sniffer dog trained to find drugs.
chronol.: Abbreviation of chronology.
decresc.: Abbreviation of decrescendo.
buggeree: A person who is sodomized.
pentosyl: A univalent radical derived from a pentose
malleter: One who uses a mallet.
attobarn: A unit of surface area equal to 10⁻¹⁸ barns.
cartoner: A machine that packs products into cartons.
kilobarn: A unit of surface area equal to 1,000 barns.
megabarn: A unit of surface area equal to 1,000,000 barns.
bandplan: Alternative form of band plan
net zero: Ellipsis of net zero greenhouse gas emissions; carbon neutrality
slobette: A female slob.
Bicolana: A female native or inhabitant of the Bicol Region, Philippines.
subtrial: A subordinate trial
rajgeera: Alternative spelling of rajgira
coalplex: A proposed form of industrial plant that generates various useful substances from coal and then uses them in further production processes.
cool art: A form of impersonal, geometric abstract art.
crapshit: bullshit; nonsense
eye-lash: Alternative form of eyelash
shoebite: A blister caused by the chafing of a shoe or boot.
epizoism: The condition of being epizoic.
covidiot: A person who is foolishly reckless with respect to avoiding contracting or spreading COVID-19.
phonotax: The total sum of a language's phonological or phonotactic rules.
finspine: A bony structure supporting the fins in some fish
galardin: Synonym of ilomastat
halozone: The derivative of benzoic acid 4-((dichloroamino)sulfonyl)benzoic acid that is used to disinfect drinking water
megaherb: Any relatively large herb (plant).
Vostizza: A kind of currant from Greece.
Kung Flu: Alternative form of kung flu.
Metaxism: A totalitarian nationalist ideology associated with Greek dictator Ioannis Metaxas, calling for the regeneration of the Greek nation and the establishment of a modern, culturally homogenous Greece.
Metaxist: A proponent of Metaxism.
nanofern: A nanosubstrate in the form of a fern
fly-over: Alternative form of flyover
chryzene: Alternative form of chrysene
rush nut: The plant Cyperus esculentus, having edible tubers.
nosegent: A nun.
earshell: Alternative spelling of ear shell
earshell: An earmold; a device worn in the ear for protection or to aid sound conduction
non-work: Alternative form of nonwork
Quietism: Alternative form of quietism (form of mysticism):
Quietism: Alternative form of quietism (form of mysticism)
studency: The role or position of being a student.
Svengali: Alternative letter-case form of svengali
partonym: Synonym of meronym
jabronie: Alternative spelling of jabroni
caticorn: A fictional creature which is a cross between a unicorn and a cat, often resembling a cat with a single horn on its forehead.
warwagon: A combat vehicle similar to an armored personnel carrier.
mud cone: Synonym of mud volcano
malarone: An antimalarial remedy composed of proguanil and atovaquone
nucleome: A genome of a cell nucleus
vadelect: A personal servant; a man who is a member of the household staff.
wagadash: Alternative form of waggadash
porkfish: Any grunt (fish) of the species Anisotremus virginicus.
Trumpese: The idiolect of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States.
tocogram: An image produced by tocography
netspace: A location in cyberspace; a virtual space for interpersonal interaction etc.
algerite: An altered form of scapolite, originally believed to be a unique mineral.
aphaniid: Any pupfish of the genus Aphanius
clawfrog: Alternative form of clawed frog
bush cow: Synonym of zamouse (“West African buffalo”)
Darbyism: A Christian doctrine formed by John Nelson Darby (1800-1892) and followed by the Exclusive Brethren, which includes a two-stage return of Christ, pretribulation rapture, and seven time periods, called dispensations.
Dalmatic: Alternative form of dalmatic
barnwood: wood used to build a barn
barnwood: aged or weathered wood, especially from a dismantled barn
Sabbaday: Short form of Sabbath day
Catanian: A native or inhabitant of Catania, Italy.
karrozin: Alternative spelling of karozzin
sea beet: Beta vulgaris subsp. maritima, the wild ancestor of the cultivated beets which occurs naturally on Atlantic and Mediterranean beaches and salt marshes from northern Europe to North Africa.
dead cat: A furry coverlet placed over a microphone to muffle the sound of wind.
dead cat: A shocking or sensational announcement made in order to distract one's political base from existing problems and previous failures.
Nyirtass: Misspelling of Nyírtass.
Cavoodle: A crossbreed dog, the offspring of a poodle and a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.
Svedberg: Alternative form of svedberg (“unit of sedimentation rate”).
balenine: The amino acid (2S)-2-(3-aminopropanoylamino)-3-(1-methylimidazol-4-yl)propanoic acid
Hugonian: A native or resident of one of several places in the United States called Hugo, of which the most populous is Hugo, Minnesota.
ecophase: An ecological phase (in the life of an organism)
exerkine: An apelin that reverses age-associated sarcopenia
hyraceum: The petrified remains of hyrax urine and feces produced by the rock hyrax (“Cape hyrax”), Procavia capensis (“P. apensis”), typically found in the communal midden piles of hyrax colonies.
wild oat: Alternative spelling of wild oats
soloprov: Improv (usually improvisational comedy) performed by a single improviser.
Rhodesli: A Rhodian Jew, or a Sephardi Jew from Rhodes.
hemabate: A solution of prostaglandin used to control postpartum bleeding
air-head: A horizontal channel providing ventilation in a mine.
levelage: The act or process of leveling.
levelage: The measured level of something.
loadlock: Any of several devices used to secure a load on a vehicle
shakerag: A pauper; a bum.
ochrosol: A deeply-weathered latosol
ozaenine: Any ground beetle of the tribe Ozaenini
fidchell: An ancient Celtic board game somewhat resembling chess.
COVIDiot: Alternative letter-case form of covidiot.
engelang: A language designed to test or prove hypotheses about language; an engineered language.
slavefic: A fanfic centered on the enslavement of one or more characters.
slavefic: Such fan fiction collectively.
skycloth: A backcloth depicting the sky.
auxotype: A subtype of Neisseria bacteria defined by its distinctive growth responses on a medium.
pungenin: A phenolic glycoside present in Picea pungens
pungenol: The phenol 3',4'-dihydroxyacetophenone
C.S.C.S.: Initialism of certified strength and conditioning specialist; also CSCS.
autority: Obsolete form of authority.
sorology: Misspelling of serology.
base leg: The part of a landing before final approach, flown downwind of and at right angles to the runway.
angio-CT: Computed tomography angiography.
goiabada: A conserve made of red guavas and sugar, found in Portuguese-speaking countries.
skarcrow: Obsolete spelling of scarecrow
methylol: Synonym of methanol
reballot: A second or subsequent ballot.
fowlyard: An enclosure for keeping domesticated fowl.
epirodin: a polyene antibiotic produced by the fungus Epicoccum nigrum
leachant: A liquid used in leaching
dermitis: Synonym of dermatitis
diuretin: Theobromine sodium salicylate, used as a diuretic.
karogram: Misspelling of karyogram.
karotype: Misspelling of karyotype.
TikToker: A user of the video-sharing app TikTok, especially one who creates videos.
underbum: The lower part of the buttocks, as revealed by certain clothing such as skimpy shorts.
pimpline: Any ichneumon wasp of the subfamily Pimplinae
synopsia: The form of synaesthesia where hearing sound induces the perception of color.
landship: An armored combat vehicle, a tank
landship: A superheavy tank, supertank
midamble: A portion of data located in the middle of a file or stream.
hostress: A female host.
sinamine: Allyl cyanamide derived from oil of mustard.
siderism: The supposed curative effects of metals upon the body, in metallotherapy.
swarmbot: A swarm of robots that act as a single organism
Tunalock: A subgenre of Sherlock fan fiction and fanart portraying Sherlock Holmes as a tuna or tuna-headed reverse mermaid.
tailocin: The tail of a bacteriophage
lockback: A type of folding knife in which the blade locks in its extended position by means of a lock on the back of the handle that is released by pressing on a portion of the locking arm or lever (that is, the means of release is likewise on the back of the handle).
barnight: An evening party, normally for a society
low post: The low post area area on a basketball court.
issuefic: Fan fiction which explores or comments upon social and/or political issues.
transfic: A fanfic which focuses on a transgender character, especially one in which a canonically cisgender character is portrayed as trans.
transfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
vinetree: A grapevine.
YIMBYism: The ideology of a YIMBY.
anointee: The person or thing that is anointed
acroneme: The slender section of a flagellum
do-re-mi: Money.
Masonism: Freemasonry
resilium: An internal ligament that holds together the two valves of certain bivalve mollusks.
Renthead: A devoted fan of the musical Rent, originally in reference to those fans that spent a night outside the Nederlander Theatre in order to get $20 tickets to the show.
paroxism: Obsolete form of paroxysm.
dipsadid: Any snake of the family Dipsadidae
the boys: The speaker's group of male friends. This phrase is often put after "me and" if the speaker is referring to themselves and their friends.
cut nail: A nail having a tapering rectangular shape, produced by cutting from a sheet of iron or steel, now primarily used for masonry and historical renovations.
hemionid: Synonym of hemione
obligala: A formal ball which two characters (usually Fox Mulder and Dana Scully) are required to attend as a set-up in romantic fan fiction.
wheelgun: A revolver.
psych-fi: Psychedelic fiction.
nimbidol: An antifungal constituent of neem
natricid: Any snake of the family Natricidae
farmcore: An aesthetic and fashion movement inspired by rural farm living.
ossamine: Any aminosugar that is a constituent of ossamycin
Twihater: A person who strongly dislikes Stephenie Meyer's Twilight book series or its film adaptations.
Patzinak: Alternative form of Pecheneg
typester: A person who operates a typewriter.
Yankeese: The American dialect of English.
yardrope: Alternative form of yard-rope
walkback: A stack trace.
Bikolana: Alternative spelling of Bicolana
kushtaka: A mythical part-otter, part-human shapeshifter, in Tlingit and Tsimshian folklore, sometimes represented as tricksters and at other times as helpful beings who save (and turn) drowning victims.
Buffydom: The fandom of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Buffydom: The fictional universe which serves as the setting for the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
woolwear: Clothing made out of wool.
compling: Abbreviation of computational linguistics.
seinurid: Any nematode of the family Seinuridae
post day: The day on which the post is to be collected, or delivered.
ironhead: Synonym of knapweed
ironhead: Synonym of goldeneye
lazy bed: A traditional arrangement for arable cultivation in Britain, consisting of parallel banks of ridge and furrow with narrow drainage channels between them.
curl bar: A weight bar with a twisting particularly for biceps curls.
frustose: Misspelling of fructose.
Baathist: A supporter of Baathism.
haploweb: A graphical representation of related haplotypes
macrogel: A gel formed from a network of macroscopic filaments
barbacue: Obsolete form of barbecue.
tournedo: Synonym of tournedos (resulting from taking that word to be plural)
pterosin: Any of a group of indanone derivatives present in bracken of the genus Pteridium.
headcode: A code used to distinguish classes of train for the benefit of signalmen, formerly by using white oil lamps (or white discs) placed on brackets on the front of the locomotive. The various lamp positions defined the class of train.
rassclot: Alternative form of raasclaat
tomocyst: An encysted form of a tomont.
midquote: The mean of a bid price and asking price
pitwheel: A wheel forming part of the machinery in a watermill, mounted on the opposite end of the axle to the waterwheel, and driving the wallower on the upright shaft or layshaft.
oricycle: Alternative form of horocycle
roll mat: A soft lightweight rollable pad for sleeping on, used mainly by campers and hikers.
monascin: The heterotricycle (3S,3aR,9aR)-3-hexanoyl-9a-methyl-6-[(E)-prop-1-enyl]-3,3a,4,8-tetrahydrofuro[3,2-g]isochromene-2,9-dione present in the rice mold Monascus
westwork: The vaulted monumental structure at the western end of a church constructed in some medieval styles, flanked by two towers and containing the entrance.
argenine: Misspelling of arginine.
manspeak: Communication by men viewed as crude, terse, evasive, or emotionally inept.
cupstone: A stone containing a cupule.
uneraser: A program that unerases.
ice-foot: Alternative form of ice foot
geranate: Any salt or ester of geranic acid
massopod: Alternative form of massopodan
pronymph: An arthropod hatchling still inside its embryonic cuticle, often specialized for breaking the eggshell or leaving the oviposition site; a prolarva.
pronymph: A prepupa with externally visible pupal traits.
poricide: dehiscence through a pore
demigirl: A person who identifies as partially, but not completely, female.
buffhood: Synonym of buffery (“enthusiasm for a subject”)
kackling: A padding made of rope or cord hitched in alternating directions.
dejunker: One who dejunks.
Curselax: A moveset of a Pokémon that includes Curse and Rest.
lack-wit: Alternative form of lackwit
shortfic: A fanfic of shorter than average length.
shortfic: Such fan fiction collectively.
morphol.: Abbreviation of morphology.
mol. wt.: Abbreviation of molecular weight.
crow-tit: Any small titlike bird of the family Paradoxornithidae, noted for their curved, parrotlike bills.
toilinet: Alternative form of toilinette
ked itch: A cutaneous condition caused by sheep ked.
hogmolly: Synonym of hogsucker (“a kind of fish”)
COVIDian: A person who is very concerned about coronavirus, and is in favor of all kinds of preventive measures.
leadhand: A supervising worker.
worenine: The quaternary ammonium cation 24-methyl-5,7,18,20-tetraoxa-13-azoniahexacyclo[11.11.0.0^(2,10).0^(4,8).0^(15,23).0^(17,21)]tetracosa-1(24),2,4(8),9,13,15,17(21),22-octaene.
toe bean: Any of the digital pads of a cat's or dog's paw.
outbirth: A result or consequence.
bioglyph: Any structure of biological origin on a bedding plane
bioglyph: A biographical picture
cutplane: A plane that intersects a solid shape
glovebag: An inflatable polythene chamber, with built-in gloves, used to work in an enclosed environment
amidulin: soluble starch, so rendered by boiling or treating with hydrochloric acid
subparty: A party (group of people, as in politics or the military) forming part of a larger party.
polehead: The portion of a mast above the crossbar that holds the sail, which sometimes support a flag or topsail.
polehead: The top of a flagpole.
polehead: The top of any pole.
polehead: The front portion of the pole that attaches a coach or wagon to the team of horses that pulls it.
polehead: A housing for wires that is attached to the top of a telephone pole or similar pole carrying power lines.
polehead: An emblem, usually made of metal, that tops a pole which is carried by the steward or secretary of a rural British club or friendly society.
polehead: A tadpole.
storylet: A little story.
odostome: Any sea snail of the genus Odostomia
Queenist: A supporter of the Queen.
octasome: Any one of eight homologous chromosomes in an aneuploid complement
remargin: An additional payment made when remargining.
remargin: The act of remargining.
postquel: A work of fiction which is set after the events of an earlier installment in a series but is not an immediate sequel.
freester: A person engaged in an unconstrained state.
actigram: Alternative form of actogram
candoxin: A toxin present in the venom of the krait Bungarus candidus
coontail: Any aquatic plant of genus Ceratophyllum.
coontail: A western diamondback rattlesnake or Texas diamond-back (Crotalus atrox).
coontail: American perch (Perca flavescens).
Countess: Alternative letter-case form of countess
dunefoot: The exposed base of a sand dune.
tinction: A stain; a preparation for staining.
midwifry: Obsolete form of midwifery.
bunarium: An obsolete unit of area, approximately 120 ares or 120,000 square metres.
eucology: A book of prayers and benedictions.
eucology: The study of prayer.
theogamy: Marriage to a god.
gelvatol: A particular mounting medium used in microscopy
lazaroid: Any of a group of aminosteroids that inhibit lipid peroxidation
nose peg: A short, sturdy peg inserted through the flesh of the nostril of a working camel, used to help steer the animal.
megaduke: The commander in chief of the Byzantine navy.
neprosin: A peptidase present in the digestive fluid of the pitcher plant Nepenthes ventrata
moon-man: A native alien of the Moon.
moon-man: An astronaut that has visited the Moon.
zilliard: An unspecified large number (of).
tapeweed: A herbaceous plant of the genus Posidonia
nineling: A twin crystal formed from nine individuals.
bifolium: A quartic plane curve whose equation in Cartesian coordinates is (x²+y²)²=ax²ʸ.
studmark: A mark, in the form of a small surface indentation, left by a stud.
anthrose: The sugar amide N-[(2R,3S,4S,5R)-4,6-dihydroxy-5-methoxy-2-methyloxan-3-yl]-3-hydroxy-3-methylbutanamide
Holyoker: A person who was born in or who lives in Holyoke, Massachusetts.
Holyoker: A person who was born in or who lives in Holyoke, Colorado.
batsicle: A cold or frozen bat.
valedict: Valedictorian.
policism: Alternative form of policeism
epiproct: Either of the lateral lobes of the proctiger.
yawlsman: One who sails a yawl.
melanist: An individual who exhibits melanism
nanohair: A nanoscale hair
neuritin: A neurotrophic protein that promotes neurite growth
mudcrack: A crack formed in the surface of mud sediment as it dries and contracts
grifolin: The phenol 5-methyl-2-[(2E,6E)-3,7,11-trimethyldodeca-2,6,10-trienyl]benzene-1,3-diol present in some mushrooms
nagamaki: A type of Japanese sword; a single-edged curving blade with a handle comparable in length to that of the blade, whose blade is length is usually comparable to other regular Japanese swords, though other longer ones also were made.
nextborn: The child born after the previous one.
Canutism: Futile efforts to stop the unstoppable.
paraonid: Any polychaete of the family Paraonidae
silexite: Synonym of quartzolite
sedaxane: The fungicide 2’-[1,1’-bicycloprop-2-yl]-3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxanilide
slabcake: Alternative form of slab cake
plappert: Alternative form of blaffert
augurism: The act of foretelling; prophecy.
auntship: The status of being an aunt.
glebifer: A cup-shaped organ that supports the gleba in some fungi
hyalosis: Any disease that affects the vitreous humour of the eye
plowsole: Alternative form of plow sole
sonology: The study of sound
railtour: A special excursion by train which is run in order to allow people to experience rail travel which is not available using timetabled passenger services.
Goldfish: A small orange saltine-like cracker shaped in the form of a fish.
backgame: A game in which a player blocks the opponent's progress by forming two or more points in the opponent's home board.
backgame: An indirect strategy in which one attempts to achieve one's goals by maneuvering behind the scenes.
boogalee: A Cajun (with the implication that the person has partially black as well as partially white ancestry).
glistren: Glister, shine.
kyrbasia: An ancient Persian hat.
bun drop: A sudden release of long hair that has been tied up in a bun so that it hangs at full length.
Somascan: a member of a Roman Catholic religious order founded in Italy in the 16th century by St. Jerome Emiliani called the Somaschi Fathers
CD drive: An optical drive used for reading data from and possibly writing data on a compact disc.
Wuhanite: A person from Wuhan, China.
rainflow: A flow of rainwater.
pick gun: A tool, either manual or electric, for picking tumbler-based locks by applying force to the pins.
marjorum: Obsolete spelling of marjoram
foodfall: Alternative form of food fall
mujahida: A female mujahid.
fox-fire: Alternative form of foxfire
fox fire: Alternative form of foxfire
memetist: A person who studies memetics
metagram: A word game in which one word has to be transformed into another by substituting one letter at a time.
DNAaemia: Alternative spelling of DNAemia.
subvalue: A value making up part of a composite value.
backdash: A backwards dashing movement.
prefrons: The part of the frons of an insect ahead of or below the antennae.
cryosere: A sere originating when moss colonizes ice.
downstab: An instance of stabbing downward.
newgame+: Alternative form of new game plus
antimeme: A meme deployed to nullify or protect against another meme.
antimeme: A unit of information that erases itself from any mind that it enters, and, thus, cannot be stored mentally.
antimeme: An image macro which intentionally subverts one's expectations by not including a joke; a meme antijoke.
coronite: Tiny grains of titanium nitride evenly dispersed in a heat treatable steel matrix, resulting in a manufactured material that combines the toughness of steel with the wear resistance of carbide.
Cordobes: A person from Córdoba; a Cordovan.
abductin: An insoluble elastic protein found in the hinge ligament of bivalve mollusks.
sneakery: Stealth; the practice of sneaking
screwjob: An incident where management disadvantages a wrestler without their prior knowledge.
limesand: A course sediment found in the seabed containing primarily ground up shells, sometimes used in agriculture as an acidity regulator.
cock-pit: Alternative form of cockpit
matimela: The management of stray cattle.
motswere: The tree Combretum imberbe or its wood; leadwood.
Euroeuro: A deposit, in the euro currency, held in a bank outside of the Eurozone.
Euromark: A deposit, in Deutsche Marks, held in a bank outside of Germany.
brattery: A collection of brats; a children's nursery, etc.
brattery: Brattish behaviour.
glassery: A business that works with glass or glassware; glassworks.
glassery: A building or group of buildings made largely of glass windows.
glassery: A room with many windows; sunroom.
glassery: A place for storing or displaying glassware.
glassery: Glassware.
glassery: Skill in working with glass.
backpage: Alternative form of back page
Homerist: A student of Homer or of his epic works
arkhalig: A long tight-waist jacket worn by the peoples of the Caucasus and Iran, made of various kinds of fabric, such as silk, satin, cloth, cashmere and velvet, traditionally depending on the social status of its owner.
gongbang: An online video broadcast in which a person studies while interacting with their audience.
Wingding: A glyph from a Wingdings font.
Swadeshi: Alternative letter-case form of swadeshi
jack-boy: Alternative form of jack boy
jack boy: Alternative form of jackboy
jack boy: A low-ranking employee who is responsible for dispensing drinks to the other workers.
jack boy: A boy or young man who is hired to run errands and perform unskilled labor.
pannofix: A Hungarian fur made from lambskin.
cosignee: One who is cosigned.
cosignor: Alternative form of cosigner
usermode: A level of privilege on a system allowing users to run programs etc. safely without full access to the operating system.
pentarch: A member of a pentarchy
mag dump: The act of firing at a target continuously or repeatedly until the magazine of ammunition is empty.
mag dump: The act of firing at a target continuously or repeatedly until the magazine of ammunition is empty.
mag dump: The act of firing an entire magazine-full of ammunition from a fully-automatic weapon in a single burst.
sannakji: A Korean dish of raw octopus.
dot blot: A protein detection technique similar to a Western blot but not using electrophoresis to sort proteins.
colonade: Dated form of colonnade.
pull-tab: The flexible piece of metal on top of a can of soda that opens the can when pressed.
pull-tab: A ticket for a pull-tab game.
word art: Artistic forms, such as concrete poems and visual poems, that use words as visual elements rather than merely to convey verbal meaning.
popcrete: A genre of concrete poems assembled from images rather than words.
body cam: Alternative form of bodycam.
borametz: Alternative spelling of barometz
Pilatism: A refusal to take responsibility for ones actions
blue tet: A cyanotic patient with tetralogy of Fallot due to significant obstruction of the right ventricular outflow tract.
pink tet: A noncyanotic patient with tetralogy of Fallot due to a lack of significant obstruction of the right ventricular outflow tract.
pyrausta: Any moth of the genus Pyrausta
Pythiast: A person who consulted the oracle at Delphi
misbreed: The inferior offspring that results from misbreeding.
misblend: The act or result of misblending.
vallance: Obsolete spelling of valance
polyemia: The presence of an abnormally large volume of blood in the body.
polypoly: The presence of a large number of relatively small buyers and sellers, none of whom can influence the price of commodities
mealprep: Meal preparation
lockaway: A long-term investment to be left alone until some future time.
fire arm: Alternative form of firearm
he-devil: A male devil (as opposed to a she-devil, female devil).
cubology: The hobby or study of solving the Rubik's cube.
prelogic: The primitive mode of thought that preceded logical reasoning
koi carp: Synonym of koi
blue ash: Fraxinus quadrangulata; a species of ash tree native primarily to the Midwestern United States, as well as the Bluegrass region of Kentucky and the Nashville Basin region of Tennessee.
miscatch: A catch in which the wrong type of fish is caught, and so must be released.
miscatch: The act of catching in which the thing that is caught is then dropped; a fumble.
miscatch: An act of catching in which something is caught wrongly, such as in the wrong position.
miscatch: A misperception or misidentification.
mischeck: A check mark that was made inaccurately.
mischeck: A check pattern that has an error in it.
mischeck: An instance of checking or inspecting that was inaccurate.
bishopry: The office of bishop.
seal-man: A person who can transform into a seal (the animal) and back again.
seal-man: A person who hunts seals; a sealer.
Asiatick: Archaic form of Asiatic.
DNA test: A test done to analyze the DNA of an individual.
ponysona: A pony alter ego or self-insert character created by a fan.
Hamilfan: A fan of the musical Hamilton.
Fanilton: A fan of the musical Hamilton.
postlady: Alternative spelling of post lady
misclean: A defect in printing fabric that arises from improperly cleaning the rollers that apply the ink, leaving unintended marks on the fabric.
scabrule: Short, stiff projections or hairs which give a stem or leaf a rough texture, at least in one direction.
laserist: A laser light show artist
mallarky: Alternative spelling of malarkey
sideface: a definitive stamp with the portrait facing to the side of the stamp
psephyte: A lake-bottom sediment composed of plant remains
misclock: An error in the synchronization or coordination of the sequence or timing of actions by a device.
misclose: The discrepancy between the starting point the endpoint of the shape reconstructed from the measured dimensions and bearings of a boundary.
misclose: The degree to which the model of the forces acting on a structure fail to account for the observed shape of that structure.
despiker: A device or algorithm for removing spikes of various kinds.
Asianist: A scholar involved in Asian studies; in particular, an anthropologist or linguist who focuses on Asia.
WWW page: A web page.
pedo van: Synonym of serial killer van
shopette: Synonym of convenience store
boyslash: Slash fiction that focuses on romantic and/or sexual relationships between male characters.
net-ball: Dated form of netball.
leerfish: The marine fish Lichia amia.
net ball: Dated form of netball.
Japhetan: Japhetite
shaliach: Alternative form of shaliah
parganah: Alternative form of pargana
E ticket: Something very thrilling or exciting.
beardlet: A little beard.
evilista: A fan who wanted Spike to remain evil and unredeemed.
coronoia: Unfounded fear surrounding the outbreak of COVID-19, which may include fear of the spread of the virus or fear of governmental conspiracies in the reaction to the virus.
kupukupu: The fern Nephrolepis exaltata.
red jade: A red-coloured quartz mineral gemstone, red agate; it is not a normal jade mineral, being neither nephrite nor jadeite.
red jade: A gem or some other artifice composed of such material.
new jade: A coloured quartz mineral gemstone, serpentine; it is not a normal jade mineral, being neither nephrite nor jadeite.
new jade: A gem or some other artifact composed of such material.
premajor: An academic course that must be taken as a prerequisite for a major.
premajor: A student taking such a course.
minidish: A small-sized satellite dish.
C-bander: A person who uses a C-band television receive-only (TVRO) system for viewing television.
tech bro: A hypermasculine man employed in the tech industry and stereotypically located in Silicon Valley.
nut dash: Alternative form of en dash
megaport: An extremely large port, especially one that combines support for air, naval, and/or terrestrial travel.
Kung flu: Misspelling of kung flu or Kung Flu.
ear-worm: Alternative form of earworm
ear worm: Alternative form of earworm
shungite: A black, lustrous, non-crystalline mineraloid consisting mostly of carbon, used as a pigment in art and an antibacterial water treatment.
flibbets: Splinters or match-wood - fragments
Wehraboo: A person who is obsessed with or romanticises the Wehrmacht or Nazi Germany, sometimes to the point of denying their historical war crimes.
tri-oval: Alternative form of trioval
Hugoniot: An equation invented by Pierre Henri Hugoniot; the Rankine-Hugoniot equation.
brakevan: Alternative form of brake van.
noseness: The distinctive quality of a nose.
thottery: The state or quality of being a thot.
lewisson: A cramp iron inserted into a cavity in order to lift heavy stones.
pie rule: A rule used in certain strategy games for the purpose of fairness, where immediately after the first player's initial move the opposing player may optionally switch, taking over the first player's role and position for the rest of the game.
geckolet: Any of various small geckos in the Sphaerodactylus genus
flatwing: Any of various damselflies in the Megapodagrionidae family
fireplan: A plan of attack or siege using an array of firearms
bombline: A line or limit beyond which aircraft may make attacks on the enemy without risking damage to their own troops.
Andretti: Ellipsis of Mario Andretti. (a common noun, not a proper noun) ((A) a street racer; (B) a U.S. racecar pilot outside of the U.S.)
halo hat: A hat with a wide, round brim that frames the face.
pop song: A type of song from the genre of music derived from rock and roll music of the 1950s characterised by a short catchy tune and the frequent repetition of a chorus.
cantrail: A length of metal (earlier timber) supporting the outer edge of the roof of a railway carriage; also found on locomotives, buses and coaches.
melanate: Any salt or ester of melanic acid.
trekpass: A letter authorizing or requiring a non-white person to leave a certain area; an order of eviction or banishment.
as built: Alternative form of as-built
as-built: A drawing showing how a project was actually built as opposed to how it was intended to be built.
tachanka: A horse-drawn machine gun, usually a cart or open wagon with the gun installed in the back.
bee farm: A farm of bees.
comp-het: Alternative form of comphet
comp het: Alternative form of comphet
rotodyne: An aircraft that has both wings and rotors
æroplane: Nonstandard spelling of aeroplane.
headfire: A smaller fire moving in front of a larger one spread by the wind.
drive by: Alternative spelling of drive-by
slopshop: Alternative form of slop shop
hemicord: Each side of a spinal cord (separated by the midline)
windbell: Synonym of windchime
soft boy: Alternative form of softboy
soft boy: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see soft, boy.
currycel: An incel of South Asian (especially Indian) heritage.
sampogna: Alternative form of zampogna
Chadlite: A man of a slightly lower ranking on a scale of physical attractiveness than Chad.
hoseline: A hose used to convey water for firefighting.
gumbuyer: A person who purchased kauri gum from the gumdiggers.
gumfield: A site where kauri gum was dug up by the gumdiggers.
Wolseley: A style of pith helmet
Wolseley: A former make of British motorcar, last produced in 1975.
deedwork: A role.
calander: The weevil Phlyctinus callosus.
rhoeadin: Alternative form of rhoeadine
coppicer: A person who coppices.
heat-ray: A weapon that fires a beam of extremely high temperature.
wire gun: A former type of canon the construction of which included an internal layer of wire windings.
Dimocrat: Pronunciation spelling of Democrat.
Dimocrat: Synonym of dumbocrat
nominine: A particular aconitine alkaloid.
balmyard: A place where obeah and related healing rituals are performed.
leaveism: The practice of employees using flexitime and other leave entitlement schemes to take time off when they are in fact too unwell to go to work.
leaveism: The practice of employees taking work away to complete outside of paid hours, e.g. at home or on holiday.
corymbia: Any of various myrtaceous plants of the genus Corymbia.
monodiet: Alternative spelling of mono diet
Villista: A supporter of Pancho Villa (1878-1923), a leader of the Mexican Revolution.
Egyptiot: A member of the Greek community historically living in Egypt.
capbadge: Alternative form of cap badge
mainspar: The main spar of an aircraft
mainlane: A lane of a road used by traffic
cockworm: A type of large marine worm, Arenicola cristata, used for fishing bait.
gate box: A signal box that controls a level crossing.
splosion: Alternative form of 'splosion
Haweater: A non-indigenous person born on Manitoulin Island, Ontario.
shikishi: A small card for drawing sketches, writing poetry, etc. on
set-down: Alternative form of setdown.
aborisha: A devotee of the orishas; a practitioner of Yoruba religion.
sunglade: A glade in a forest with a lot of sunshine coming in.
sunglade: An area of sunlight on a body of water.
sunglade: A sunbeam.
Odrysian: a person belonging to said kingdom
hellride: A hellish journey or experience.
cool bag: Synonym of cooler bag
half joe: A Portuguese gold coin, worth 3,200 reis, formerly current in North America.
maskhole: A person who refuses to wear a facemask during the COVID-19 pandemic.
maskhole: A person who harasses others for not wearing a face mask.
selliera: Any plant of the genus Selliera typically present in salt marshes
drumster: A drummer; one who plays a drum.
backshop: A specialized store or workshop found in service industries, such as locomotive and aircraft repair.
dzongpon: Alternative spelling of dzongpen
dzongpen: A leader or official of a district in Bhutan
yogathon: A prolonged session of yoga
poolgoer: A person who goes to a swimming pool
flagfall: The start of a horse race
flagfall: A fixed fare charged at the beginning of a taxi ride
wild rue: The plant Peganum harmala.
wild rue: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see wild, rue.
chequine: Archaic form of zecchino (“old gold coin of Italy”).
carenage: Obsolete form of careenage.
beardage: The mass or volume of a beard.
biraderi: Synonym of baradari (“Muslim social strata”)
Magyarab: A member of a people living along the Nile River in Egypt and Sudan, of Hungarian ancestry.
case mix: A group of statistically related patients considered together for purposes of classification.
maltoter: A gatherer of taxes on beer and ale.
masering: The generation of microwaves by the maser method.
Maronean: A native or inhabitant of the ancient city of Maronea in Thrace.
menachin: The metal titanium.
premetro: A suburban-urban tramway or light rail system partially built with subway standard but not fully converted to subway
post boy: Alternative form of postboy
idleship: The property or characteristic of being idle; idleness, worthlessness, vanity.
phygital: A sales method that integrates a physical point of sale and digital tools.
boerboon: Any of various flowering plants of the genus Schotia.
boerekos: Afrikaner cuisine
hempmilk: Alternative spelling of hemp milk
hakawati: A public storyteller, in Arab culture.
crudball: Synonym of scumball (“sleazy or despicable person”)
schmucko: A schmuck; a pitiful person; loser.
dicksack: Term of abuse
gulligut: glutton
confervæ: Obsolete spelling of confervae
handmayd: Obsolete spelling of handmaid
fatmisia: Hatred of fat people; prejudice against fat people.
May Lord: a young man chosen to preside over the May Day celebrations
evil day: The time when something unpleasant occurs.
lace job: A piece or example of lace.
keymaker: One who makes keys.
mammatus: Ellipsis of mammatus cloud.
wifework: Housework etc. that a man's wife is traditionally expected to do.
elasipod: Synonym of elasipodid
overgoer: One who goes over (something); an overcomer, conqueror.
multibag: A packaging composed of multiple bags contained within a larger one
peishwah: Alternative form of peshwa
plumpkin: A fat person.
vervaine: Obsolete spelling of vervain
bossware: Software installed on employees' computers for the purpose of allowing a manager to track their working time and activity.
hairfall: hair loss; the visible falling out of hair.
blackman: Alternative form of black man
janbiyah: Alternative spelling of jambiya
naturian: One who studies nature; one who ascribes natural rather than supernatural or divine explanations to phenomena.
konnyaku: Alternative form of konjac
opsonoid: A supposed substance formed when opsonin combines with bacteria and undergoes heating, preventing further opsonization.
pleadery: pleading
quenacho: A larger, lower-toned version of the quena (traditional flute of the Andes).
communar: The administrator of a religious community.
brunnera: Any of the genus Brunnera of boraginaceous flowering plants.
segolate: A word of this form.
lacinato: Synonym of cavolo nero (“black cabbage”), a variety of kale.
Popeiana: Writings and other objects associated with the life of the English poet Alexander Pope.
Satanite: A follower of Satan; Satanist.
Bluerina: A variety of Amberina glassware with blue coloration.
Amberina: A kind of two-toned glassware manufactured mainly in New England in the late 19th century.
goldback: A unit of the Goldback currency system containing 1/1000th of a troy ounce of pure gold
goldback: A kind of gold certificate with an orange back.
goldback: The fern Pentagramma triangularis.
goldback: Any of various ferns of the genus Pityrogramma.
Angelena: A female native or resident of Los Angeles.
goldness: The quality of being gold, especially in colour.
railfare: Alternative form of rail fare.
slum gun: A field kitchen.
walljump: Alternative spelling of wall jump
wantlist: Alternative form of want list.
maxicard: Clipping of maximum card.
AC Plonk: aircraftman second class in the RAF
dhampyre: Alternative form of dhampir
telehelp: Remote help provided by means of a telecommunication system.
heatbank: Alternative form of heat bank.
e-retail: Synonym of e-tail
e-collar: Synonym of shock collar
fiendess: A female fiend.
nokehick: Synonym of nocake
Arpadian: A member of the Árpád dynasty.
morching: Alternative form of morsing (“musical instrument”)
blogness: The state or quality of being a blog.
bloggery: The act or practice of writing a blog; blogging.
handgame: A Native American guessing game, in which marked "bones" are concealed in the hands of one team while another team guesses their location.
haikuist: A person who writes haiku; a haiku poet.
Andalusi: A person from, or an inhabitant of, al-Andalus.
assmosis: The act of gaining favour or advantage through sycophancy.
A. B. C.: Alternative form of ABC
bookname: A name, such as of a plant or animal, that occurs in (especially technical) literature but does not have much currency in the spoken language.
wokefish: Someone who pretends to be woke and in favour of progressive political ideologies on a social media or dating platform.
gewgawry: Gaudiness; ornamentation, show.
ubernerd: An outstandingly nerdy nerd; a superlative nerd.
birdwalk: A walk taken for the purpose of birdwatching.
sambuseh: An Iranian variety of samosa.
Kabylian: Synonym of Kabyle
Bidenism: A quip, phrase or aphorism commonly said by Joe Biden (born 1942), American politician and the 46th president of the United States.
Bidenism: An instance of plagiarism, or the act of plagiarism.
Bidenite: A supporter of American politician and US president Joe Biden.
Bryanism: The political philosophy associated with William Jennings Bryan
Joy plot: A plot of a repetitive signal, by repeatedly plotting each period on a separate line one under another, to create a pseudo-3D image that appears like a mountainous ridge.
senatory: The office of, or landed estate granted to, a senator, especially in France under the consulate and First French Empire.
K-beauty: Cosmetic products and practices originating in South Korea.
sick lit: Literature focusing on an ill character or characters.
pandamic: Misspelling of pandemic.
myodesis: The securing of a muscle or tendon to the bone via sutures passed through small holes drilled in the bone.
undinist: Someone with a tendency toward undinism; someone who is sexually aroused by water or urination.
Patsuezu: a dialect of Asturian-Leonese
creepdar: The ability to detect whether or not a person is a creep.
dartsman: A person who throws darts.
panphobe: A person who experiences or exhibits panphobia.
buttrice: Alternative form of butteris
buttrice: Alternative form of buttress
wire nut: A hollow cone-shaped device with a conductive interior and an insulating exterior (usually plastic) applied over two (or more) wires (5mm or less) twisted together to make an electrical connection.
erenachy: Alternative form of erenaghy
proptech: The application of information technology to real-estate markets.
lac tree: Any tree susceptible to produce lac.
Palmyran: Synonym of Palmyrene
Obamaite: A supporter of US President Barack Obama, especially a member of his team.
slam gun: Synonym of zip gun
zoomachy: A fight between or against animals.
omniglot: A person or entity who has mastered all languages.
pattener: pattenmaker
catànies: A Catalan sweet made from almonds coated in caramel and powdered chocolate.
meatcase: A refrigerated or chilled display case for selling meat and (sometimes) cheese.
Apameian: Alternative form of Apamean
tackroom: Alternative form of tack room.
soapcurd: A gelatinous mass formed by soap mixed with water.
Ituraean: Alternative form of Iturean
flowpath: The path taken by a flowing fluid.
flowpath: A path through a flow chart.
cooktent: A tent that is equipped with cooking paraphernalia that supplies food for a camp.
lifefuel: Something that causes one to feel schadenfreude or nihilistic satisfaction, especially over the suffering of women.
cowsense: An instinctive ability to work well with cattle.
cowsense: Intelligence on the part of a cattlebeast.
scratter: A chav (working-class youth associated with aggression and common tastes)
crabbery: An area with an abundance of crabs; a place where crabs are fished.
rebiosis: The reversal of dysbiosis
sandflow: The flow of sand, under the influence of wind, to form dunes
zelyonka: Brilliant green, especially when thrown on the body of a victim in Russian politically-motivated attacks.
cockfish: A male fish, especially a salmon or trout.
cockfish: A callorhinchid fish, Callorhinchus callorynchus, native to South America.
cockfish: A cyprinid fish, Hypselobarbus dubius, native to India.
cockfish: A person who cockfishes.
calfhide: The hide of a calf.
calfhide: Synonym of calfskin
seroline: Alternative form of serolin.
theandry: The condition of being theandric
flaxbush: The bush (genus Phormium) bearing New Zealand flax.
thersite: A thersitical person
hoodline: The shape of the hood of a car.
thyrosis: Any disease of the thyroid gland
martinus: Alternative form of martini
Toyotism: The management culture and associated business practices associated with Japanese manufacturing companies
Slavhood: Slavic peoples, collectively as a body, in ethnic, linguistic, cultural or historical terms
Slavhood: the area inhabited by Slavic peoples
Slavness: The quality of being Slavic, or belonging to the Slavs in terms of identity.
hellsite: A social media platform (particularly Facebook, TikTok, Twitter or Tumblr) that attracts users despite issues with its design, functionality, or culture.
oilwoman: A female oilman; a woman involved in oil production or delivery.
saga boy: A member of a Trinidadian subculture of men who wore zoot suits and pursued a glamorous lifestyle.
pinkfoot: Synonym of pink-footed goose
Serbhood: The Serbs, as a people, seen as constituting a unified ethnic, cultural or political community.
splather: A messy splash.
Orbánism: The political philosophy associated with Viktor Orbán (born 1963), Hungarian politician and prime minister.
gang war: A conflict or feuding between two or more gangs (criminal groups).
McChurch: A church that has a strong element of entertainment, consumerism, or commercialism which obscures its religious aspects.
McChurch: A megachurch.
Junkanoo: Alternative letter-case form of junkanoo
Mexipino: A person of mixed Mexican and Filipino ancestry.
realtist: A person, typically black, who acts as a broker in real-estate and home finance, especially one who is a member of the National Association of Real Estate Brokers.
subfleet: An independent tactical unit of a fleet
serotest: A serological test
top tube: The horizontal tube of the diamond frame of a bicycle.
bellcony: Obsolete form of balcony.
pantogen: A hypothetical fundamental substance supposed by Gustavus Detlef Hinrichs to form all other substances.
Bren gun: A light machine gun manufactured in Britain in the 1930s and used in various roles until 1992.
wawation: The addition of a seemingly superfluous waw to the end of nouns, particularly names, in early Arabic, still found in the name عَمْرو (ʕamr).
dog shot: A sudden blow, especially when delivered without warning; a king hit; (rugby) a deliberate and potentially illegal late tackle.
inebrity: inebriation; drunkenness
jazzetry: A performance of poetry recited to the accompaniment of jazz music.
Gormogon: A member of the Ancient Noble Order of the Gormogons, a short-lived 18th-century society founded by expelled Freemason Philip Wharton.
hoolivan: A police van with surveillance equipment, used to monitor troublemakers at events such as sports matches.
coloroto: A rotogravure produced in color.
laspring: A smolt, or young salmon.
Randlord: The person in charge of a goldfield in the Witwatersrand region.
swoption: Alternative form of swaption
changwat: Any of the provinces of Thailand.
tangemon: A fruit that is a hybrid of the tangerine and lemon.
diesohol: A fuel consisting of a mixture of diesel and alcohol.
shitstem: An oppressive sociopolitical system.
midplate: A plate positioned between other components.
benzenyl: The trivalent radical C₆H₅-C≡ derived from toluene
kaferita: A variety of sorghum that is a hybrid of kaffir corn and feterita.
she-crab: A female Chesapeake Bay blue crab, especially an immature one (as contrasted with a sook).
gym thot: A girl who dresses revealingly and frequents the gym.
callidin: Alternative form of kallidin.
carideer: An animal that is a hybrid of caribou and reindeer.
clipsing: The act of clasping.
morocota: A twenty-dollar coin of Venezuela.
shippery: The act or practice of supporting or approving of a romantic relationship (ship) between characters.
ragebait: Website content which relies on headlines provoking anger or fear in order to increase viewership or interaction.
stubbard: A variety of apple.
Pocasset: A (member of a) Native American tribe, the Fall River Wampanoag.
guestage: A person held against their will in Kuwait under the rule of Saddam Hussein.
fullmoon: Alternative form of full moon
advowrer: A protector, especially a patron saint.
palankin: Archaic form of palanquin.
sideform: An alternative or variant form of a word or morpheme.
sideform: A process for setting concrete which uses forms to confine the concrete to the desired width.
sideform: The forms used when setting concrete with this method.
insuloma: A tumour of the islets of Langerhans
insuloma: insulinoma
Bakunism: Alternative form of Bakuninism
Bakunist: Alternative form of Bakuninist
oversale: The sale of more of something than can be supplied.
skiddles: A game played on ice in which sticks are thrown at pins to knock them over.
skiddles: Alternative form of skittles
Spockism: The permissive parenting style popularized by American pediatrician Benjamin Spock.
Spockery: Synonym of Spockism
thrinter: An animal three winters old.
busthead: moonshine (strong home-brewed alcoholic drink)
simworld: A simulated world, as in virtual reality or cyberspace.
injurant: Any substance that causes injury.
elevenie: An eleven-word poem, successive lines containing one, two, three, four and one words.
starbath: A period spent exposed (as by starbathing) to starlight.
megapost: An extremely long posted message, often made up of a collection of related posts.
moonbath: A period spent exposed (as by moonbathing) to moonlight.
subfluid: A substance that is partly fluid, or between solid and liquid.
upscaler: Someone or something which upscales.
axleload: Alternative form of axle load
Z-plasty: A versatile plastic surgery technique involving a Z-shaped incision that is used to improve the functional and cosmetic appearance of scars.
ophidine: The dipeptide β‐alanyl‐L‐3‐methylhistidine
quadreme: A galley with four banks of oars, one above the other
nipa hut: A kind of stilt house indigenous to the cultures of the Philippines.
nearring: Alternative form of near-ring (“algebraic structure”)
mausambi: Alternative form of mousambi
pyrozone: A preparation of ether peroxide used as a mouthwash.
anethene: A hydrocarbon with chemical formula C₁₀H₁₆, found in oil of dill.
reninoma: A tumour that produces renin
festbier: A kind of beer, a helles lager.
Festbier: Alternative letter-case form of festbier
pen'orth: Alternative spelling of pennorth
thingumy: Alternative form of thingummy
doorsman: A person employed as a barker to solicit customers for a photographer.
old gown: smuggled tea
sluicery: A gin shop or public house.
semicone: half of a cone
flockful: The amount that constitutes a flock (of birds, people etc.).
transfem: A trans woman or other transfeminine person.
thioxane: The saturated heterocycle that has four methylene groups, one sulfur atom and one oxygen atom
bathbomb: Alternative form of bath bomb
shekarry: Dated form of shikari.
potcheen: Alternative form of poteen
rib-rack: A rack used for ribs (as meat)
whipjack: A beggar who pretends to be a sailor.
pauncher: Alternative form of paunce (“abdomen armor”)
pawtener: A bag or pouch; purse, scrip.
bobstick: A shilling.
Jew bail: Synonym of straw bail
shopmate: A person working in the same shop.
viverral: A cat breed, the cross between a Bengal cat and an Asian fishing cat
servical: The hybrid offspring of a male serval and a female caracal
skim pit: An open-air pit into which a mixture of oil and water is pumped and left to separate so that the oil can be extracted.
gapeline: The outer edge of a bird's gape, especially when enlarged in a chick or immature bird.
sourveld: A veld characterized by low levels of moisture and rough brush.
marinite: A gray to black oil shale of marine origin in which the chiefmain organic components are lamalginite and bituminite derived from marine phytoplankton, with varied admixtures of bitumen, telalginite and vitrinite
runahead: The speculative execution of code that may or may not be required to execute, so that the results are available in advance if that branch is in fact subsequently taken.
localite: A person from a particular area; a local
mentress: Alternative form of mentoress
Negrette: Alternative form of Negretti (“sheep of a Merino strain”).
Negretti: A sheep of a Merino strain of Spanish origin, known for having very fine wool.
werebird: A being that can change between human and bird form.
negrette: A black female.
negrette: Alternative form of Negretti (“sheep of a Merino strain”).
rich man: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rich, man. (This entry is a translation hub.)
veto pen: The ability to sign a veto; vetoing power.
mathnawi: A kind of poem written in rhyming couplets, usually with a meter of ten or eleven syllables; found in Persian, Arabic, Turkish, Kurdish and Urdu cultures.
lavandin: A commercially important type of lavender, Lavandula × intermedia, which is a hybrid between English lavender (Lavandula angustifolia) and spike lavender, (Lavandula latifolia), combining the sweeter fragrance of the former with the stronger, faster growth of the latter.
dosseret: A cubical block of stone above the capitals in a Byzantine church.
compusex: cybersex
abichite: Synonym of clinoclase
oyakodon: A Japanese dish of chicken, egg, sliced scallion, etc. simmered in soup and served on top of rice.
arylzinc: Any aryl organozinc compound
muck fly: A fly found on, or associated with, dirt or dung.
indenone: The bicyclic aromatic ketone formally derived from indene, or by fusion of a benzene ring with cyclopentadienone
oxyarene: Any arene that has a benzyloxy (or similar) protecting group
heptenal: Any of several isomeric unsaturated aldehydes that have seven carbon atoms
snowoman: Alternative spelling of snowwoman.
Ba'thist: Alternative form of Baathist
Ba'thism: Alternative form of Baathism
predauer: An early stage in the development of nematode larvae
selenine: The selenazole derivative 7-iminophenoselenazin-3-amine
Baathism: An Arab nationalist ideology that promotes the development and creation of a unified Arab state through the leadership of a vanguard party over a progressive revolutionary government.
covolume: The part of a volume (typically of a gas) available for the oscillation and translation of the material therein
donoress: A female donor.
kun-yomi: A reading of a kanji that is not derived from the kanji's original pronunciation borrowed from Chinese
pentoxyl: The pyrimidone 5-hydroxymethyl-4-methyluracil
eclipser: A person or thing that eclipses.
ephedrin: Archaic form of ephedrine.
coalette: A briquet of coal.
ringbond: A bond between atoms of neighbouring rings
panomics: All the biology studies such as genomics, proteomics etc. considered as a whole
klebicin: A plasmid present in bacteria of the genus Klebsiella.
muwaqqit: An Islamic timekeeper who uses astronomy to determine prayer times.
catchpit: A chamber in a drainage system designed to catch sediment and debris.
theozyme: A theoretical enzyme constructed mathematically
viromics: The identification and study of viromes
groupist: A proponent of groupism.
nodality: The quality or degree of being nodal.
niramiai: The staredown between sumo wrestlers before a match.
pattimar: Alternative form of patamar
postsync: Short for postsynchronisation.
portulan: Alternative form of portolan
chronist: A chronicler, a person who produces a chronological account.
phorboid: Any of a class of phorbol esters
Spaynard: Obsolete form of Spaniard.
scopeful: A view from a telescope or other scope that is full.
epiclone: An epigenetic clone
metixene: A particular anticholinergic drug used to control Parkinson's disease
mucocyst: A cyst, in some protozoans, that discharges mucoid material
parasome: A pore or sac in parasites of the genus Paramoeba
pet play: A fetish activity in which one participant takes the role of the pet animal of the other.
chiratin: An organic compound found in chiretta.
lettrist: Alternative letter-case form of Lettrist
blakness: The state or quality of being blak.
nirvanol: A derivative of hydantoin which is a metabolite of and contributes most of the pharmacological effects of mephenytoin.
aerobism: aerobic respiration
remosome: A nucleosome associated with the remodelling of chromatin.
hive-off: Synonym of spin-off (“(formation of) subsidiary company”)
carry-in: A location or program for which participants bring something, such appliances brought to a repair shop or food brought to a gathering (a carry-in shop or a carry-in party).
carry-in: A command that adds a carry (bit or digit that is carried in an addition operation) to an accumulator for the current digit in an addition operation.
glycipan: A form of proteoglycan
seminase: A protease in the seminal fluid of some flies
Hogmenay: Obsolete form of Hogmanay.
mutasome: A collection of proteins responsible for hypermutation
oofiness: The quality of being wealthy.
pedagese: Alternative form of pedagoguese
outsweep: The motion of a swimmer's arm outward, away from the body.
Rollbock: A bogie used to carry a railway carriage on a line of different gauge to the one it was built for, usually a narrower gauge.
avenacin: Any of a group of antimicrobials present in oats (Avena sativa).
fidgetin: A protein that severs microtubules to aid recovery of damaged axons
toposome: A form of transferrin that lacks an iron atom
tomacula: A swelling of the myelin sheath
acidcore: A subgenre of both acid techno and hardcore which combines the two.
watchcap: Alternative spelling of watch cap
polynose: Synonym of samara (winged fruit from trees)
drop box: Alternative spelling of dropbox.
green-up: New growth of vegetation, especially in response to seasonal weather changes.
drop-box: Alternative spelling of dropbox.
war-room: Alternative form of war room
kinetine: Alternative form of kinetin
macoilin: A transmembrane protein that regulates neuronal excitability
germtube: Alternative form of germ tube
orfamide: Any of a class of cyclic lipopeptide lactones present in some Pseudomonas bacteria
pea cake: Alternative form of peacake
levitide: An antimicrobial oligopeptide present in the skin of some amphibians
pea-cake: Alternative form of peacake
good oil: The truth; genuine information.
jazz-hop: A fusion subgenre of hip-hop and jazz music; jazz rap.
Mexicane: Obsolete spelling of Mexican
odd bird: Synonym of strange bird
art name: A professional name used by an East Asian artist, poet, or writer.
Mrs Gren: The necessary features of living organisms: movement, respiration, sensitivity, growth, reproduction, excretion and nutrition
found on: Alternative spelling of found-on
found-on: A person found by the police consuming alcohol on licensed premises outside opening hours
freedumb: Stupidity masquerading as love of freedom; an assertion of one's personal liberty which is perceived to be unreasonable or motivated by stupidity.
bombinin: Any of a group of antimicrobial peptides produced by toads of the genus Bombina
acryloxy: The radical CH₂=CH-CO-O- derived from acrylic acid
bioclime: Synonym of bioclimate
bonk ban: A prohibition against sexual or intimate relationships between parliamentarians and staffers.
dematter: A device for dematting an animal's fur.
filtrand: The material removed by a filter
pupacide: Any pesticide that attacks the pupal stage of an insect
Carboloy: A composite material consisting of tungsten carbide particles cemented into a cobalt or nickel binder, notable for its hardness and heat-resistance, used e.g. in cutters and machine tools.
Cinerama: A wide-screen movie filming and projection system, briefly in vogue during the 1950s, involving three synchronised standard-format films projected onto a wide, curved screen, providing a "wraparound" experience for cinemagoers.
Cinerama: A later system in which a single film was projected onto the curved screen, achieved by means of camera and/or projector lens adaptations.
Palawala: a local creole language, such as Antillean Creole or Jamaican Creole
Palawala: a member of a community speaking such a language
gliobulb: A spherical extension of a glial cell
polybead: A polystyrene bead, typically used as insulation
petabase: 10¹⁵ bases in a nucleic acid
syntelog: Any of two or more homologous gene sequences found in different species that have a common ancestor
polyprop: Clipping of polypropylene.
Tigrayan: A member of a Tigrinya-speaking ethnic group found in the Tigray Region.
Finndian: A person of mixed Finnish and Native American heritage.
dislocon: A translocon associated with dislocation
sea chub: Any fish in the family Kyphosidae.
wenchman: Misspelling of winchman.
wenchman: A marine food fish native to the subtropical and tropical western Atlantic/Caribbean, Pristipomoides aquilonaris, a type of snapper.
haplotig: A contig of clones that have the same haplotype.
ribobase: The nucleobase of a ribonucleotide
air shot: Alternative form of air-shot.
cube map: A panorama consisting of six textures projected onto the sides of a cube that is usually centred on the camera or viewpoint.
rruffite: A mineral with the chemical formula Ca₂Cu(AsO₄)₂·2H₂.
clear-up: The act of clearing up
saleeite: A secondary uranium mineral with the chemical formula Mg(UO₂)₂(PO₄)₂·10(H₂O).
cernyite: A cadmium analog of stannite, with chemical formula Cu₂CdSnS₄.
wulffite: An alkali copper sulfate mineral with chemical formula K₃NaCu₄O₂(SO₄)₄.
ski skin: A strip attached to the underside of a ski that offers grip when ascending in snow
Arabtino: A person of mixed Arab and Latino ancestry.
band cup: A form of Attic Little-Master cup having a slightly concave black lip, and often a red ring at the joint between vase body and foot. The external figural decoration is in the area of the handles, often framed by palmettes.
melastin: A protein immunomodulator produced by Streptomyces
Bath bun: A small, round baked good, having a bread-like consistency, topped with sugar or icing and sometimes small pieces of dried or candied fruit.
beta ray: A stream of beta particles (fast-moving electrons propagating through a gas or vacuum), such as emitted by a radioactive substance.
plastoid: A plastic-like material.
myopodin: A protein present in cardiac smooth muscle
sordarin: Any of a certain group of tetracyclic glycosidic antifungal agents
ethoprop: An organophosphorus insecticide O-ethyl S,S-dipropyl phosphorodithioate
tribufos: An organophosphorus pesticide, [1-bis(butylsulfanyl)phosphorylsulfanylbutane].
outprint: A print-out.
brightup: A pulse of the beam (cathode ray) in a cathode ray tube that causes a blank screen to fluoresce.
valraven: Alternative form of valravn
fight IQ: A combat sports athlete's ability to adjust their movements during a bout in order to exploit momentary defensive openings or overall technical weaknesses found in an opponent's moveset.
haybiome: The bacterial biome of hay when used as fodder
dilysine: The dipeptide composed of two lysine moieties
dilysine: The motif in proteins composed of this dipeptide
rathymia: Misspelling of rhathymia.
moon pie: A confection consisting of two round graham crackers, with marshmallow filling, dipped in a flavored coating.
bluejohn: Alternative form of blue John (“mineral”)
home ice: The rink where a team usually plays
metopion: A craniometric point midway between the frontal eminences.
knishery: A knish bakery; a restaurant specializing in knishes; a knish-based food cart.
aquastor: A being created and sustained by the power of the imagination and the concentration of thought.
timegate: A portal enabling time travel.
bullspit: bullshit
fog-horn: Alternative form of foghorn
fog horn: Alternative form of foghorn
protoxyd: Obsolete form of protoxide.
silverol: The antiseptic "silver sulfadiazine"
fishwrap: Alternative form of fish wrap
chip pan: A cooking vessel designed for the deep-frying (cooking by immersion in hot oil) of chips (thin potato strips).
CB radio: Abbreviation of citizens' band radio.
triptane: The branched hydrocarbon 2,2,3-trimethylbutane
fertilin: Any of a group of proteins that mediate the binding of sperm to oocytes
aureusin: The aurone glycoside 2-[(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]-4-hydroxy-6-[(2S,4S,5S)-3,4,5-trihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl]oxy-1-benzofuran-3-one
boatrope: A rope used for the rigging of a boat.
apachita: A stone cairn in the Andes.
apacheta: Alternative form of apachita
curdione: The sesquiterpenoid ketone (3S,6E,10S)-6,10-dimethyl-3-propan-2-ylcyclodec-6-ene-1,4-dione
curcumol: The sesquiterpenoid alcohol (2S,5S,8S,9S)-2-methyl-6-methylidene-9-propan-2-yl-11-oxatricyclo[6.2.1.01,5]undecan-8-ol
oncoplot: A diagrammatic representation of genetic mutations
vinorine: The indole alkaloid 22-norajmala-1,19-dien-17α-yl acetate
Mangkali: An Indian person.
synthome: All the reactions that are possible starting from a given compound
Wiganite: A native or inhabitant of Wigan.
snoutful: Enough to fill one's snout; a noseful.
snoutful: Alternative form of snootful (“ingested quantity of alcoholic beverage”)
creeklet: A small creek.
tyrantry: tyranny
repartée: Alternative spelling of repartee
beertini: A beer served with olives in it.
kollerin: a form of cohesin
asystoly: Alternative form of asystole
lexicog.: Abbreviation of lexicography.
Mrs. Mop: Alternative form of Mrs Mop
toricity: The condition (or extent) of being toric.
backtaxi: Synonym of backtrack
underhue: Synonym of undertone (“colour that is pale or seen underneath another”)
chyvalry: Obsolete spelling of chivalry
cuticura: A brand of antibacterial medicated soap or ointment.
duskhawk: Any of various species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae.
loftsman: A draftsman who uses the lofting technique.
lunatick: Obsolete form of lunatic.
basmalah: Alternative form of basmala.
Basmalah: Alternative form of basmala.
vitology: An approach to healthy living promoted in the late 19th and early 20th century.
vitology: The scientific study of life at the cellular level.
vitology: An African worldview that unites life, consciousness, behavior, and culture.
vitology: The study or existence of virtual or computer-augmented life.
vitology: The model of the life force (chi) in traditional Chinese medicine and philosophy.
vitology: Life sciences in general.
vitology: The horticulture of vineyards.
iopodate: A salt or ester of iopodic acid, synonym of sodium iopodate.
barchart: Alternative form of bar chart
ammoniid: Synonym of rotaliid
silhouet: Alternative spelling of silhouette
metooism: Alternative form of me-tooism
cowpunch: A cowpuncher; a cowboy.
bimboism: Ditzy and foolish behaviour.
nucellin: an aspartic endopeptidase expressed in nucellar cells during degradation
ethomics: ethology and genomics considered as a single discipline
metatime: A hypothetical supervening temporal frame that changes in the passage of time happen within.
tacsonia: Any of various passionfruit species, genus Passiflora, having elongated calyxes.
war drum: A drum that is beaten to rally and encourage troops or to signify that war is approaching.
jaracaca: Alternative form of jararaca (venomous snake of South America).
fomiroid: A hexaprenyl ketone (lanosterone) present in Fomitopsis
ofspring: Obsolete spelling of offspring
blissing: Obsolete spelling of blessing
lappmark: Any of a number of territories in the northern part of the old Kingdom of Sweden inhabited by the Sami people, loosely governed by the crown or by birkarls.
juntaism: Rule by a junta.
rapsheet: Alternative form of rap sheet
tie wire: A very pliable and durable steel wire, used to tie reinforcing steel together and as a general fastener in construction work.
Faragism: The ideology, practice, philosophy and politics espoused by British nationalist autonomist sovereigntist politician Nigel Farage, the UK Independence Party (UKIP), and, the Brexit Party.
calfhood: The state or time of being a calf.
ephebeum: A hall, in an ancient Greek palaestra, used for gymnastic exercise
dwarfage: The state or condition of being a dwarf.
agrophic: Such a vein
trailway: A trail or rural route.
rosecomb: The distinctive comb of a certain breed of bantam chicken (a Rosecomb)
Rosecomb: A bantam chicken of a breed that has a distinctive comb
procoely: The condition of being procoelous
amateuse: A female amateur.
peticote: Obsolete form of petticoat.
wastcote: Obsolete form of waistcoat.
windsway: The swaying in the wind of an otherwise fixed object such as a tree or a man-made construction.
roadbank: A roadside bank of earth, typically in a rural environment
typotron: Synonym of charactron
padmount: A padmounted transformer.
aimpoint: The point at which a firearm is aimed, typically identified by a red dot sight.
mainfall: An inclined surface of the ground.
flexbone: A formation involving three running backs in which a fullback is lined up behind the quarterback and two slotbacks are lined up behind the line of scrimmage at each end of the offensive line.
nullcone: A cone of nullforms
nullform: A vector that has no invariants.
patchbay: A device that connects the inputs and outputs of a number of electric musical instruments such that they may be routed together.
sidefill: A monitor speaker (one of a set) placed at the sides of a stage
downtune: The act of tuning a guitar to a lower pitch than normal
mesostic: Alternative form of mesostich
partimen: A form of tenson in which a question is debated
sex cult: A cult in which unrestrained sexual activity is central to worship, ceremonies, etc.
aristeia: A scene in epic poetry where the hero has his finest moments in battle.
micronet: A very small network, especially a small mesonet
rasguedo: rasgueado
Chadburn: Synonym of engine order telegraph
dockline: A mooring cable / rope
footboat: A dinghy or similar small boat attached to a barge
foretack: The fore tack (part of a sail)
flettner: Alternative form of Flettner rotor
jackline: A strong line, fixed fore-and-aft on a yacht, to which the crew are clipped for safety
sprittie: A barge rigged with a spritsail
stanliff: A wire cable used to support a spritsail
stayfall: A wire cable used to support the mainmast when it is lowered
xebecque: Alternative form of xebec
zebecque: Alternative form of xebec
calcutta: A form of auction in which people invest in a player's success
cuemaker: A manufacturer of cues
cotgrave: A fluke in which a pot or snooker is obtained by accident
tip tool: Any device used to maintain the tip on a cue
unfavour: Alternative form of unfavor
xerocole: An animal that is adapted to a very dry ecosystem (typically a desert).
septimic: Synonym of septic
deadspot: Alternative form of dead spot
ebanzuke: A banzuke illustrated with pictures of the wrestlers
hazuoshi: The act of pushing the opponent with hands beneath his armpits
okamisan: The wife of a stablemaster who oversees all activities except coaching
maemitsu: A grip on the front of the mawashi
shonichi: The first day of a basho, or the first win after a string of defeats
tarlaton: Alternative form of tarlatan
tegatana: The ceremonial gesture made by a winning wrestler after receiving his prize money.
bowl hat: A type of woman's hat of the 1920s, having a hard round felt top and very narrow brim.
ecoguilt: A feeling of guilt about damage done to the natural environment.
diadochy: the capability of an atom to replace another in a particular crystal structure
allotwin: A twin crystal whose individuals are oriented crystal associations of different polytypes of the same compound
germanin: Synonym of suramin
bedliner: A plastic shell that lines the bed of a vehicle.
delayism: A tendency to delay.
aegyrine: Alternative form of aegirine
alvikite: A fine-grained form of sovite
solotnik: Alternative form of zolotnik
jotunite: A charnockitic monzodiorite
slammock: A slattern or awkward person.
backslum: A slum; the poor and disreputable portion of a town.
prauncer: Archaic form of prancer.
opdalite: A charnockitic form of granodiorite
snowhook: A hook used to anchor a sled to snow or ice.
flogster: One who flogs or beats.
forakers: The toilet.
saw wort: Alternative spelling of saw-wort
consumah: Obsolete form of khansamah.
monniker: Dated form of moniker.
saltdome: Alternative form of salt dome
landfolk: The inhabitants of a region, especially if native.
ferenghi: A white westerner.
sandcorn: A grain of sand
sandcorn: Anything causing irritation or discomfort.
cocksuck: Short for cocksucker (“annoying or objectionable person”).
marygold: Obsolete form of marigold (“the flower”).
marygold: Obsolete form of marigold (“a million pounds sterling”).
halimide: A cytotoxic diketopiperazine present in some marine fungi
latchpan: Synonym of dripping pan
poundman: A man whose job it is to catch stray animals (often dogs).
logigram: Synonym of flow chart
lineplot: Alternative form of line plot
hulijing: nine-tailed fox in Chinese mythology
spoonula: A cooking utensil resembling both a spoon and a spatula.
yinglong: a winged dragon and rain deity in Chinese mythology
physoxia: normoxia of tissue that is not involved in respiration (a much lower level of oxygen)
raw silk: Silk that has not been processed to remove sericin.
set menu: A menu in a restaurant, often changed on a regular basis, with a small number of choices for each course at a fixed price.
bhatoora: A fluffy deep-fried leavened bread from the Indian subcontinent.
co-prime: Alternative spelling of coprime
gerospan: The length of time in one's life where one is geriatric
rightoid: rightist, right-winger
rudderon: A type of control surface, usually found on flying wing aircraft, consisting of two pairs of panels (one mounted near each wingtip on the wing's trailing edge), with one lying on top of the other sandwich-style; to roll the aircraft, both panels on one wing deflect downwards (increasing the lift of that wing) and both panels on the othe wing deflect upwards (decreasing the lift of that wing), while, to yaw the aircraft, the panels on one wing split apart from each other (the upper panel deflects upwards, and the lower panel deflects downwards), increasing the drag on that wing.
big jobs: number two (the act of defecation)
snackage: Things that are snacked on, collectively; snacks.
suluguni: Alternative form of sulguni
choreboy: A young man employed to carry out chores.
subround: Part of a round, as in game-playing or policy-making.
subround: A subsidiary stage of encryption, part of a round.
blue won: A foreign exchange certificate issued to visitors to North Korea from capitalist countries.
mucinoid: Alternative form of mucoid
day book: Alternative form of daybook
sandpack: A tube, filled with sand of a calibrated size and geometry, used in the oil industry to enhance recovery of product
torocyte: An erythrocyte that appears to have a pale central area
e-Wallet: Alternative form of e-wallet.
tubefoot: Alternative form of tube foot
dolorite: A form of diabase
megahash: A million hashes.
hashrate: The number of proof of work hashes that a mining computer can make in a given period of time, usually a second.
hashrate: The network hashrate; the estimated number of hashes generated by the entire mining network.
terahash: A trillion (10¹²) hashes.
Miss Ann: An arrogant and condescending woman, especially of European ancestry.
blue bag: A lawyer's bag made of blue fabric to carry briefs, now as typically carried by a junior barrister.
blue bag: A bag containing alkaline blue laundry powder, used for whitening clothes.
celltype: Alternative form of cell type
fluxomer: A variable that combines isotopomer abundancy and reaction flux
jejunery: jejuneness
Maillard: Maillard reaction or Maillard browning
carb flu: Unpleasant physical symptoms, such as lethargy and headaches, resulting from cutting carbohydrates out of one's diet.
keto flu: Synonym of carb flu
lysergyl: The univalent radical derived from lysergic acid
cothymia: comorbid anxiety and depression
setmaker: A manufacturer of television sets.
backsell: The promotion of a product to end users or retailers in order to create demand earlier in the supply chain, e.g. with wholesalers.
sea ball: A clump of seaweed produced by the action of the waves
acediast: A person who has acedia
acetonyl: The univalent radical CH₃-CO-CH₂- formally derived from acetone
aciculum: A needlelike spine or bristle, specially the seta of an annelid
achroite: A colourless form of tourmaline
woodbird: A bird that typically inhabits woodlands or forests.
woketard: A woke person; someone, particularly a left-liberal individual, who hold what they consider to be social justice issues to an excessive level of importance.
acontium: One of a series of threads of a septum of some actinians
acontium: An Ancient Greek weapon similar to a javelin
acridane: Alternative form of acridan
acrobacy: acrobatics
acrobacy: acrobats collectively
acrology: Synonym of acrophony
acropore: Any of the genus Acropora of corals
actifier: Synonym of reactivator
canonics: The branch of theology that deals with the biblical canon
sag pond: A freshwater body that collects in a depression formed along a fault.
capework: The use of a cape, in bullfighting, to distract the bull
empirism: Alternative form of empiricism
Anglonym: An English-language name, especially for a geographical place, region, city, river, etc.
caprylin: A glyceride (especially the triglyceride) of caprylic acid
capstorm: Obsolete form of capstan.
caprylyl: The univalent radical CH₃(CH₂)₆CO- derived from caprylic acid
capshore: A support for the cap of a mast
caranday: Synonym of carnauba
carabeen: Any of several Australian trees of the genus Sloanea
carajara: Alternative form of carajura
carangin: Any fish of the genus Caranx.
carajura: A Brazilian plant, the cricket-vine (Fridericia chica).
carajura: A red pigment extracted from the leaves of this plant.
carajaru: Alternative form of carajura
carancha: Synonym of caracara
hardveld: A type of terrain characterized by rocky outcrops and hard soil.
carbocer: Any of a group of poorly-defined minerals containing rare earth elements
carbungi: An Australian cattail (Typha angustifolia)
cargazon: cargo, freight
carinule: Alternative form of carinula
carstone: A form of sandstone from the Cretaceous age used as a building stone
caseweed: The plant shepherd's purse
modelist: Alternative form of modellist
ropeline: A line of rope with the purpose of moving people or goods from one location to another.
ropeline: A line of rope that is used for climbing.
ropeline: A rope barrier used to separate a crowd from a celebrity or politician.
misdraft: An error in the process of drafting (any sense).
silktree: Alternative form of silk tree
uniparty: Multiple political parties that have a shared vision which tends to uphold the same powerful elite regardless of party affiliation.
chinbone: That part of the mandible that forms the chin.
chincona: Alternative form of cinchona (“bark of the tree”)
keylight: Alternative form of key light
chirimia: A Peruvian form of oboe / shawm
chitmunk: Alternative form of chipmunk.
Timbisha: A member of a Native American tribe of south central California, near the Nevada border.
show-out: A surreptitious signal made by an informer to the police contact, indicating that it is safe to approach.
xylopine: An antimicrobial benzylisoquinoline alkaloid.
chalkbag: Alternative form of chalk bag
choyroot: Alternative form of chay root
chremsel: A fried dumpling made of matzo meal and filled with fruit, typically prunes, and eaten on Passover.
chuckram: A small silver coin (value 1/32 of a rupee) once used in Travancore.
poë bird: Alternative form of poë-bird (“the tui, a species of honeyeater (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae), a bird which is endemic to New Zealand”)
cibarian: The glycoside [(2R,3S,4S,5R,6S)-3,4,5-trihydroxy-6-(3-nitropropanoyloxy)oxan-2-yl]methyl 3-nitropropanoate
poë-bird: Synonym of tui (“a species of honeyeater, Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae, a bird which is endemic to New Zealand”)
dog-fish: Alternative spelling of dogfish
enginrie: Obsolete spelling of enginery
gonzoism: The style of gonzo journalism.
chotapeg: Alternative form of chota peg
chrimsel: Alternative form of chremsel
yorkipoo: Alternative letter-case form of Yorkipoo.
curb-bit: Alternative form of curb bit
osmostat: The mechanism, in the hypothalamus, that regulates osmolality by the secretion of antidiuretic hormone
passover: Alternative letter-case form of Passover
eggwhisk: Alternative spelling of egg whisk.
jocteleg: Pocketknife.
chrysome: Alternative form of chrisom
birdtrap: A trap designed or used to catch wild birds.
ten-ball: A form of pool in which players must hit with the cue ball the object ball with the lowest numerical value, and must call the ball to be potted (which may or may not be the object ball initially struck). Any ball apart from the white may be legally potted; whichever player pots the ten ball wins the game (unless it is potted on the break, in which case it is spotted and play continues).
bioblitz: An intense biological survey that attempts to record all the living species within a designated area
estoppal: Misspelling of estoppel.
idiopath: A person who suffers from an idiopathic disease.
ciliolum: A small or secondary cilium
cimborio: A lantern (typically octagonal) built over the crossing of a Gothic cathedral
cinnamal: Alternative form of cinnamaldehyde
mufassir: An author of a tafsir.
carfleet: the complete group of cars belonging to an organization
clamflat: A flat area of mud populated by clams
tintyper: A maker of tintypes.
raghouse: Part of a paper mill in which the rags are prepared.
overtint: A tint layered over another.
loopline: Alternative form of loop line
jeevatma: Alternative form of jivatma
clapdish: A wooden dish, once used by beggars, that had a lid that could be clapped to attract attention
clapnest: A form of clap net used to capture ground-nesting birds
clapwort: A North American herb (Conopholis americana) that is parasitic on the roots of oak
clavicor: A brass musical instrument that had three valves
claviola: A form of melodica that was worn in the style of an accordion
net deck: Alternative form of netdeck
net-deck: Alternative form of netdeck
stampery: A factory for block-printing, or ‘stamping’, calico.
clipfish: Alternative form of klipfish
cloaklet: A short cloak
jivaatma: Alternative form of jivatma
arsolane: A saturated heterocycle that has four carbon atoms and an arsenic atom
borirene: An unsaturated heterocycle that has two carbon atoms, a boron atom and a double bond
borinine: An unsaturated heterocycle that has five carbon atoms, one boron atom and three delocalise double bonds
arsinane: A saturated heterocycle that has five carbon atoms and an arsenic atom
borolane: A saturated heterocycle that has four carbon atoms and a boron atom
borinane: A saturated heterocycle that has five carbon atoms and a boron atom
Lacandon: A member of a Maya people living in the jungles of the Mexican state of Chiapas, near the southern border with Guatemala.
dithiete: An unsaturated heterocycle that has two carbon atoms, two sulfur atoms and a double bond
silinane: A saturated heterocycle that has five carbon atoms and a silicon atom
borirane: A saturated heterocycle that has two carbon atoms and a boron atom
thionane: A saturated heterocycle that has eight carbon atoms and a sulfur atom
stunlock: A stunned state of this kind.
otometry: A method of setting hearing aid gain based on most comfortable loudness.
softmask: A mask of this kind.
foccacia: Misspelling of focaccia.
demotape: Alternative form of demo tape
sweetman: A male pimp.
coonshit: Synonym of bullshit (“nonsense; rubbish”)
oilworks: A factory producing oil (whether petroleum, oil shale, or vegetable oils).
antitail: A spike projecting from a comet's coma which seems to extend towards the Sun.
foodware: Utensils for holding, cooking, or serving food.
slagheap: Alternative form of slag heap
coheight: The amplitude of a cosine function
buggalow: Alternative form of baggala
bakehead: A fireman (person who keeps the fire going underneath a steam boiler on a railroad locomotive).
bakehead: A person who uses cannabis.
darktown: An African-American area of a city, especially in the American South.
langspel: Alternative form of langspiel (“traditional Icelandic drone zither”)
larrigan: A kind of leather boot.
landwind: Alternative form of land wind
leachour: Obsolete form of lecher.
racketry: The operation of criminal rackets.
rarefier: One who or that which rarefies.
rarifier: Alternative form of rarefier
reaphook: A sickle.
rheophil: Alternative form of rheophile
repreeve: Obsolete form of reprieve.
epizoite: Any epizoic organism.
phosphin: Obsolete form of phosphine.
phinnock: Obsolete form of finnock.
barretor: Alternative form of barrator
barrater: Alternative form of barrator
ritornel: Alternative form of ritornello
cloggage: The condition of being clogged
cloggage: The obstruction that is causing the condition
clogwood: The wood (typically alder) used for making clogs.
clymenid: Alternative form of clymeniid
clypeola: Any brassica of the genus Clypeola
clypeola: Any sea snail of the genus Clypeola
clypeola: Alternative form of clypeole
clypeole: A small shield
clypeole: Such a sporophyll in some horsetails
coalrake: A rake used to stir the coals / ashes in a furnace or oven
polymict: A breccia containing multiple types of rock.
peniston: Alternative form of penistone
peneston: Alternative form of penistone
foodloaf: nutraloaf
clubster: Synonym of stoat
clubster: Synonym of clubman (“a member of a social club”)
virogene: A gene involved in the development of a virus.
waxcloth: oilcloth
wiliwili: Erythrina sandwicensis, a fabaceous flowering tree endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
coccerin: A wax present in cochineal
watchout: A lookout; a person who stands guard watching for something.
watchout: Any potentially hazardous condition or situation that may make a fire more dangerous.
weighter: One who weights or assigns a weighting.
coccagee: A variety of apple used to make cider
haymower: A person who cuts grass to make hay, especially using a traditional scythe.
haymower: A mechanical device for cutting grass to make hay.
cobamide: Any of a group of corrinoid macrocyclic compounds of cobalt
footnail: Synonym of toenail
Wyandott: Alternative spelling of Wyandot
quadcast: A radio broadcast of four channels surround sound.
quadcast: A simultaneous transmission on four radio stations.
nearfall: Alternative spelling of near-fall
sourmash: Alternative form of sour mash
cockandy: Synonym of puffin
cockawee: Synonym of long-tailed duck
dry port: an inland intermodal terminal directly connected by road or rail to a seaport
Queequeg: A person, fictional character, or other foil who literally or symbolically fulfills one or more of the roles Queequeg played in Moby-Dick such as the noble savage, Entwicklungsroman guru or exemplar, or racially-inflected spear carrier role.
cocowood: A hard wood of the Indian tree Aporosa octandra
sand-hog: Alternative form of sandhog
Amarelle: sour cherry
ammocete: Alternative form of ammocoete
apocarpy: The quality of being apocarpous.
antetype: An archetype or prototype; something serving as a model for what comes later.
aeglogue: Obsolete form of eclogue.
anoretic: Alternative form of anorexic
billyful: As much as a billy will hold.
arbelest: Alternative form of arbalest
sarconet: Alternative form of sarsenet
schellum: Alternative form of schelm (“a villain or scoundrel”)
saufgard: Obsolete spelling of safeguard
samplery: The production of samplers (ornamental needlework).
scuchion: Obsolete form of scutcheon.
snowtube: A kind of inflatable ring designed to be sat on in the activity of snowtubing
saltflat: Alternative form of salt flat
seadrome: An airfield constructed at sea for the landing of aircraft unable to perform a nonstop crossing.
secodont: A blade-like tooth, suited for cutting or slicing.
shearleg: Alternative form of sheerleg
sigisbeo: Alternative form of cicisbeo
skeechan: A kind of beer made from golden syrup or molasses.
sliprail: A movable bar or railing used to temporarily confine a horse.
smokepot: A bee smoker.
piassaba: Alternative form of piassava
pickadil: Alternative form of piccadill
perhalid: Archaic form of perhalide.
pliotron: A hard vacuum triode.
plottage: The increase in value of land achieved by parcelling smaller plots into a developable unit.
podargus: Any of the birds of the genus Podargus in the frogmouth family.
sliverer: One who cuts material into slivers.
poshteen: Alternative form of posteen (“sheepskin cloak”)
psephite: A sediment or sedimentary rock composed of fragments that are coarser than sand and which are enclosed in a matrix that varies in kind and amount.
providor: Alternative form of provider
pulvilio: Alternative form of pulvillio
matiness: Alternative form of mateyness
manshift: The amount of work that can be done by one person in one work shift.
Menomini: Alternative form of Menominee
autodyne: A circuit that improved radio signal amplification by means of an audion.
mesophyl: Alternative form of mesophyll
monofuel: Synonym of monopropellant
pulsojet: Alternative form of pulsejet
subcount: A count (in various senses) making up part of a larger count.
glyceria: Any member of the genus Glyceria of mannagrasses.
goadster: One who drives an animal by means of a goad.
moneyite: A person who is primarily concerned with money.
mess set: Synonym of mess kit (“set of eating utensils”)
chemoton: A fundamental unit of life; a computational abstraction of a protocell, having the properties of metabolism and self-replication and a bilipid membrane.
Daensism: A sociopolitical movement initiated by the Flemish priest Adolf Daens (1839–1907) and inspired by the papal encyclical Rerum novarum of Pope Leo XIII; it led to the formation of the Christene Volkspartij political party.
Daensist: A proponent of Daensism.
churchie: Alternative form of churchy
tip shop: A shop at a rubbish dump that sells items that have been salvaged from the rubbish.
Rodnover: A follower of Rodnovery (Slavic Neopaganism).
newsfilm: A news report recorded or presented on film.
palaiyam: Alternative spelling of pollam
Big Mike: Synonym of Gros Michel.
millimol: Alternative form of millimole
Northron: A person from the North (of some country, region, etc); a Northerner.
ursicide: The killing of a bear.
ursicide: One who kills a bear.
karkhana: A factory.
semiwave: Half of a wave.
single-O: A carnival sideshow featuring only one performer or attraction.
egg flip: eggnog
dust box: waste bin, trash can
calamene: The bicyclic sesquiterpene 4-isopropyl-1,6-dimethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene
biaspore: diaspore
Cophetua: A man who falls in love with a woman instantly and proposes immediate marriage.
zibetone: Alternative form of zibethone
zolotink: Alternative form of zolotnik
Zoharite: Frankist
zupanate: The territory administered by a zupan.
yahoodom: Synonym of yahooism
yachtist: One who sails a yacht.
yachtdom: The realm or sphere of yachting.
ejaculum: ejaculation; ejaculate
Yamacraw: A member of a Native American band that emerged in the early 18th century, occupying parts of what became Georgia.
Yahganan: Synonym of Yahgan
Yamassee: Alternative form of Yamasee
yatalite: A form of coarse-grained pegmatite composed of uralitic actinolite.
yancopin: Alternative form of yoncopin
yardkeep: Alternative form of yarwhip (“bar-tailed godwit”)
yashmack: Alternative spelling of yashmak
yentnite: A supposed form of scapolite, later found to be quartz.
yeshibah: Alternative spelling of yeshiva
yokeldom: The realm or sphere of yokels.
yirmilik: An old Turkish gold coin.
jirmilik: Alternative form of yirmilik
iotacist: One who is in favor of iotacism.
younglet: A young person or animal.
yeelaman: Alternative form of yelaman
yokelism: The habits of yokels.
yokelism: A phrase or behaviour typical of yokels.
yowlring: Alternative form of yoldring (“yellowhammer”)
tea boat: A stand for a teapot, used when making China tea, that collects overflowing water
yoretime: Time long past; long ago.
nondeist: One who is not a deist.
ushnisha: A sign depicted over the head of the Buddha in artistic representations, resembling a topknot or a cranial protuberance.
nonenemy: One who is not an enemy.
queryist: One who asks a question.
jarlship: The rank or status of jarl.
jinniyeh: A female jinn.
Suphalak: A shorthaired breed of cat originating in Thailand, having solid reddish-brown fur.
fooyoung: Alternative form of foo yung
hopfield: Alternative form of hop field
mycoside: Any of a group of glycopeptidolipids that are major immunogens in the cell walls of many mycobacteria
nanozinc: nanoparticulate zinc
nodesize: The value of a node of a tree.
cycledom: The realm or sphere of bicycles and cyclists.
creamcup: Alternative form of creamcups
couldron: Obsolete form of cauldron.
courbash: Alternative spelling of kurbash
cotsetla: A cottager or free labourer.
cotsetle: Alternative form of cotsetla
cornerer: One who corners a market.
countdom: The status or the territory of a count.
Conkanee: Obsolete form of Konkani.
chinband: A band of fabric worn around the chin.
blow fly: Alternative spelling of blowfly
charshaf: Alternative form of carsaf
chandala: A person involved in the disposal of corpses, traditionally a lower-caste Hindu and considered untouchable.
canterer: One who canters.
canajong: Alternative form of canagong
Caodaist: A believer in the religion of Caodaism.
canagong: pigface (mesembryanthemum plant)
caimakam: Obsolete form of kaymakam.
SI joint: Abbreviation of sacroiliac joint.
lamp-oil: Any clean-burning oil used as fuel in an oil lamp.
umpiress: A female umpire.
capsuler: A machine for applying the capsule to the cork of a wine bottle.
wakasagi: Japanese smelt, Hypomesus nipponensis, a fish native to Japan and introduced in the United States
Chibchan: A member of the Chibcha people.
latschen: Synonym of krummholz (“dense low matted bushes at the tree-line”)
mimestry: The performance art of miming, as done by a mime.
crambene: A nitrile, 1-cyano-2-hydroxy but-3-ene derived from the glucosinolate progoitrin, present in crucifers
hadrurin: An antimicrobial peptide in the venom of the scorpion Hadrurus aztecus
fesolate: Misspelling of fersolate.
Coquille: A member of a Native American people who historically lived in the Coquille River watershed and nearby coast south of Coos Bay.
salannin: An insecticidal limonoid
misfavor: Disapproval or antipathy; disfavor.
misfavor: A disservice or detriment.
misfavor: Inappropriate approval.
arseness: Annoying foolishness.
diceware: A method for creating passwords and similar cryptographic variables using ordinary dice to generate random numbers which are then mapped to words in a list.
desk pad: Synonym of blotter (“blotting paper in a pad as a piece of desk furniture”)
Urfirnis: An ancient style of Greek pottery with a glaze-like paint.
urodaeum: Alternative form of urodeum
urushiye: A Japanese lacquer picture.
uturuncu: A jaguar.
calpulli: An Aztec organizational unit below the level of the altepetl or city-state.
calangay: Synonym of abacay (“kind of parrot”)
canalage: The construction of canals.
canalage: The transportation of goods on a canal.
canalage: A charge paid for such transportation.
canework: Objects made from canes (slender, flexible plant stems).
carroter: One who carries out the carroting process upon animal pelts.
kaschiri: Alternative form of kasiri (“alcoholic drink made from cassava”)
silambam: A weapon-based Indian martial art.
champaka: Alternative form of champac (Magnolia champaca)
ribboner: A person employed to apply decorative ribbons.
ribboner: A crude decorticator for processing fiber.
rastacap: A round, knit or crocheted cap associated with Rastafaris who have dreadlocks.
chavicin: Alternative form of chavicine
noibwood: The hardwood of Handroanthus serratifolius.
nursedom: The world or sphere of nurses.
pupildom: The state or quality of being a pupil.
nailwort: Any species of Paronychia (whitlowwort).
nailwort: Draba verna (shadflower).
nailwort: Saxifraga tridactylites (rue-leaved saxifrage).
valanche: Obsolete form of avalanche.
niggatry: The actions and/or behaviours stereotypically typifying African Americans.
subfonds: A fonds (collection of records) forming part of a larger fonds.
halakist: Alternative form of halakhist
hailweed: The plant dodder.
habutaye: Alternative form of habotai
hairweed: The plant dodder.
hemiobol: A coin worth half an obol.
haremism: The practice of keeping a harem.
facehoof: A facepalm.
yohimbin: Archaic form of yohimbine.
bakupari: Alternative form of bacupari
bahawder: Obsolete form of bahadur.
bakerdom: The realm or sphere of bakers; the world of baking.
bacupari: Garcinia gardneriana, a dioecious evergreen of the Amazon Basin, producing fruit with edible arils.
balushai: Alternative form of balushahi
bawarchi: A cook.
baublery: gaudy decoration; baubles; trinkets
beanweed: Scytosiphon lomentaria, a littoral brown filamentous seaweed.
scabbery: strikebreaking
blatjang: A spicy South African chutney.
bohereen: Alternative form of boreen
blueside: A half-grown harp seal, older than a whitecoat but not yet fully adult.
bohireen: Alternative form of boreen
bowerlet: A little bower.
bockadam: Any of various snakes of the family Homalopsidae.
bisulfid: Archaic form of bisulphide.
beggarer: One who beggars another.
Mexicana: A store that sells Mexican products.
Mexicana: A spicy pizza with Mexican-style ingredients.
Mexicana: A female Mexican
tableity: Synonym of tableness
tahkhana: An underground room.
tabooism: A system of taboos.
tanekaha: Phyllocladus trichomanoides, a coniferous tree endemic to New Zealand.
tanhouse: A building where people tan hides to make leather; tannery.
morogake: A right-handed Japanese archery glove with five fingers.
dandydom: The realm or sphere of dandies.
Daibutsu: A large statue of Buddha.
dargsman: A day laborer.
demophil: Dated form of demophile (“friend of the people”).
degummer: A gum-removing agent.
cicisbee: Alternative form of cicisbeo
violency: Violence.
violency: A moment or act of violence.
djasakid: A kind of medicine man among the Chippewa people.
high top: Alternative form of high-top.
teleconf: Clipping of teleconference.
dreamlet: A little dream.
driftlet: A little drift, as of snow.
moubatin: Any of a class of lipocalin present in soft ticks
pantcuff: A cuff at the bottom of a pair of pants.
equicide: The killing of a horse.
equicide: One who or that which kills a horse.
farmtown: A farmhouse, farmyard and associated buildings
bullrout: An Australian fish Notesthes robusta
bombrack: Alternative form of bomb rack
quarteer: Synonym of quartermaster
quartful: The amount that fills a quart vessel
quawmire: Alternative form of quagmire
Progress: Any of a series of Soviet, later Russian spacecraft.
streetie: A person who spends a lot of time on the streets.
surf mat: An inflatable board used for surfing
monorace: A species as a whole without hyponymous groupings.
sea-duty: duty at sea undertaken by personnel in the armed forces or other uniformed services of the United States.
shutwing: Any of various species of dragonfly of the genus Cordulephya, endemic to eastern Australia.
megadata: Extremely large collections of electronically-stored data.
megadata: Large collections of personal data that are gathered and maintained by companies for commercial exploitation.
ashfield: A field that is covered in ash.
darkfall: The time of day when it becomes dark.
kalidium: A type of algal cystocarp
cenosite: A hydrated carbonate / silicate of rare earth elements and calcium present in Scandinavia
π-system: A non-empty collection of subsets of a given set Ώ that is closed under non-empty finite intersections.
karakurt: Synonym of malmignatte
katchung: Synonym of groundnut (“Arachis hypogaea”)
karsting: Synonym of karstification
kayakist: A person who paddles a kayak
katonkel: Either of the barracuda (in the Indian Ocean) or the bonito (in the Atlantic)
boypussy: Alternative spelling of boy pussy
schollar: Obsolete form of scholar.
aconitin: Archaic form of aconitine.
Mah Meri: A member of a branch of the Orang Asli people of Malaya.
boipussy: Alternative spelling of boy pussy
adoptian: A proponent of adoptianism.
chhatank: Alternative form of chatank
megabash: A very large bash (gathering or party)
affidavy: An affidavit.
megatype: An enlarged print
megatypy: enlargement
meat jun: A Hawaiian dish of Korean origin, consisting of thinly sliced beef dipped in egg batter and fried.
aquavina: Alternative form of aguavina (“kind of fish”)
aguavina: The fish Diplectrum radiale.
milligee: One thousandth of a gee (unit of acceleration)
akalimba: An African thumb piano.
alamonti: The storm petrel.
millirad: One thousandth of a rad (dose of radiation)
Albronze: Short for aluminium bronze.
ahankara: Alternative form of ahamkara
misfetch: An error that occurs when the wrong block of code is fetched in advance.
misfetch: The act of fetching to the wrong location.
micropsy: Alternative form of micropsia
Rahanwin: A member of a certain tribe of Somalia.
camerist: A photographer.
rajanate: Alternative form of rajahnate
Rajarshi: A king who turned into a royal sage.
realmlet: A little realm.
rebetico: Alternative form of rebetiko
reracker: A worker or machine that places items back on a rack.
rhymelet: A little rhyme.
revuette: A little revue.
rigwiddy: Alternative form of rigwoodie
roguedom: roguery
rivalism: rivalry
riverlet: A little river.
Rigelian: A person from Rigel.
robinose: A disaccharide composed of 6″-O-α-rhamnopyranosyl-β-galactopyranoside; the sugar moiety of robinin.
rottlera: Any plant of the genus Rottlera.
rubberer: A rubbernecker; a nosy observer.
monolein: Any monoglyceride of oleic acid
Amalfian: A native or inhabitant of Amalfi in Italy.
monomark: A short alphanumeric sequence used in place of a postal address.
amirship: Alternative form of emirship
hyparxis: being, essence
anchorer: One who or that which anchors.
eye gunk: rheum of the eye; sleep
eye gunk: eye makeup; eye shadow, mascara
hypernic: The wood of a tropical tree Haematoxylon brasiletto (found in Nicaragua); a red dye extracted from it
hyperite: Synonym of hypersthenite
hyperper: A Byzantine gold solidus
polymely: polymelia
polytypy: polytypism
polytoky: The condition of being polytocous
hexatone: A derivative of an octave in which two notes are missing
wedgelet: A small wedge.
wedgelet: A kind of geometrical wavelet used in image processing.
wedgelet: One of a set of wedge-like structures (barometric ridges) that compose a substorm current wedge.
hexangle: hexagon
sextoncy: sextonship
patacake: Alternative form of patty cake (“game”)
quadmire: Alternative form of quagmire
spiriter: One who spirits away another, particularly one who steals children to be sold into forced labour in the New World.
spiriter: One who is sensitive to spirits; a medium or spiritualist.
sexupara: A sexuparous individual
decanery: deanery
decanary: deanery
hendecyl: undecyl
swanness: Synonym of swanship (“the state of being a swan”)
swanhood: Synonym of swanship (“the state of being a swan”)
swandown: Alternative form of swansdown
swordlet: A little sword.
sweepdom: The realm or sphere of chimney sweeps.
szopelka: A Russian double-reed wind instrument, similar in form to the zurna.
Sydneian: Alternative spelling of Sydneyan
Sydneian: A student or alumnus of Sydney Grammar School.
trekboer: A nomadic pastoralist descended from European settlers on the frontiers of the Dutch Cape Colony in Southern Africa.
poonghie: Alternative form of ponghee
pradhana: In Indian philosophy, the creative principle of nature.
poroporo: The plant Solanum aviculare.
flaglore: The facts, history, traditions, or study of flags
unionall: A one-piece garment that is used as work clothes or as a uniform.
unionall: A clear vinyl onesie used to prevent leakage from a corpse from soiling the body's clothes or casket lining.
Zip code: Alternative form of ZIP Code
ovenette: A small oven
waspfish: Any fish of the family Tetrarogidae
ortstein: A hardpan, typically in a podzol
metaline: A former lubricant (for bearings) composed of graphite and other material
chelidon: Synonym of elbow pit
metamery: metamerism
hizzouse: Alternative form of hizouse
relinker: A process that relinks something.
metatony: A change in syllabic intonation, typically in Baltic and Slavonic languages
metrazol: Synonym of pentylenetetrazol
microerg: One millionth (10⁻⁶) of an erg.
milkbush: Any of various plants of the genus Euphorbia.
metatype: A topotype of a species which is confirmed as belonging to that species by the author who originally described it
metatype: The type of a type.
mimicism: mimicry
mildewer: A plant that is susceptible to mildew.
miserdom: The condition of being a miser.
moleheap: Synonym of molehill
muchulka: Alternative form of muchalka
muchalka: A written obligation or bond.
moonfall: Arrival on the Moon, or a moon, by spacecraft.
moonfall: Synonym of moonset
paracope: A minor delirium
paracyst: The antheridium of an ascomycete
parachor: A poorly-characterised quantity derived from the molecular weight of a liquid and its surface tension
azvudine: The antiviral drug 4-amino-1-[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-5-azido-3-fluoro-4-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]pyrimidin-2-one.
knob end: Alternative form of knob-end
paranema: paraphysis of an alga
parazone: A dagger resembling a parazonium
methylia: methylamine
knob-end: The glans penis
knob-end: A stupid or contemptible person
knob-end: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see knob, end. The end of something that is shaped into a knob.
omomyine: Any extinct primate of the clade †Omomyinae
naometry: prophecy founded on the numerological analysis of Biblical descriptions (typically of the measurements of Solomon's Temple)
aerodone: glider (aircraft)
shimmier: One who shimmies.
mouzouna: A former Moroccan coin of small value.
Moslemah: Archaic form of Muslimah (“female Muslim”).
motorcab: A taxi.
moundlet: A little mound.
mummydom: The realm or sphere of mummies (mummified bodies).
mynpacht: A mining lease.
cliffage: The right to quarry limestone from the cliffs of the Gower, or the payment charged for this right.
cliffage: Cliffs, collectively.
valetdom: The realm or sphere of valets.
Yucateco: A Yucatecan.
zymocide: One who kills yeast.
kolkhose: Alternative form of kolkhoz
spantoon: Alternative form of spontoon
cow pony: Alternative form of cowpony
sovkhose: Alternative form of sovkhoz
spithame: The span of a human hand, as a unit of measure in Ancient Greece.
quiteron: A type of superconducting transistor.
spriglet: A little sprig.
Steelboy: A member of the Hearts of Steel, a Protestant movement that originated in County Antrim, Ireland, in opposition to high rents and evictions.
stalklet: A little stalk.
steerman: Alternative form of steersman
quoddity: The individual identity of something.
kazachoc: Alternative form of kozachok
kehoeite: A soft, microcrystalline, hydrated phosphate of aluminium, zinc and calcium.
kenotism: kenoticism
kinetite: An early form of gelignite
misgloss: An incorrect translation or synopsis.
kleywang: A single-edged Malaysian sword
klipkous: abalone, ear-shell, ormer
kootchar: A stingless Australian bee, Trigona australis
misgrasp: A failure to grasp or understand; misapprehension.
mectizan: ivermectin
paraquel: sidequel
headcast: A cast (moulding) of a person's head
exolysin: A toxin, produced by organisms such as Pseudomonas, that causes exolysis
misgrind: The act or result of misgrinding.
strigeid: Any trematode of the family Strigeidae
vaalhaai: The tope Galeorhinus galeus.
vadosity: The condition of being vadose
vadosity: The condition of being wadeable / fordable
vanessid: Any butterfly of the genus Vanessa.
carbopol: polyacrylic acid carbomer
apilimod: The pharmaceutical drug N-[(E)-(3-methylphenyl)methylideneamino]-6-morpholin-4-yl-2-(2-pyridin-2-ylethoxy)pyrimidin-4-amine
velodyne: A device that regulates the rotational speed of a shaft
venidium: A South African daisy of the genus Venidium or Arctotis
vermicle: Alternative spelling of vermicule
geologue: geologist
pompadom: Nonstandard form of papadom.
geotropy: geotropism
pyrocoll: A tricyclic diketone with formula C₁₀H₆N₂O₂, a yellow, crystalline substance obtained by the distillation of gelatin.
food art: Art that depicts food or drink.
food art: Art that incorporates food as a medium.
Joannite: Alternative form of Johannite (“follower of the sect of Saint John the Baptist”)
variancy: Alternative form of variance
jumboism: The tendency to admire or be attracted toward things because they are large or dominant, regardless of their value.
vapidism: vapidity
karyatid: Alternative form of caryatid
Kiratism: A religion of the Kirati ethnic groups in Nepal, Darjeeling and Sikkim which are the Limbu, Rai, Sunuwar and Yakkha.
gallocin: A bacteriocin present in Streptococcus gallolyticus
fibritin: A structural protein in some viruses that attaches tail fibres to its baseplate
g-factor: The dimensionless magnetic moment
mis-hire: Alternative form of mishire
mis-hire: The act of mishiring.
mis-hire: Alternative form of mishire
mis-hire: The person who was mishired.
acidizer: One who treats blocked oil or gas wells with acid.
vestuary: vestry
vicariad: vicariant
victorin: A peptide toxin, produced by the fungus Drechslera victoriae that causes blight in some crops
narsinga: Alternative form of ransingha
ramsinga: Alternative form of ransingha
namazlik: A prayer rug.
ransinga: Alternative form of ransingha
navalese: The jargon spoken in the navy.
backlock: A type of lock for a folding knife whose locking action and releasing feature are both on the back of the handle.
backlock: A knife with such a lock: synonym of lockback.
ijussite: A kind of mafic teschenite mineral.
imamship: The role or status of imam.
Ibsenite: One who admires or imitates the style of Henrik Ibsen (1828–1906), 19th-century Norwegian playwright.
Kalinago: A member of an indigenous people of the Lesser Antilles.
tidyness: Archaic spelling of tidiness.
ishpingo: Any of various South American plants.
ishpingo: Amburana cearensis, used to produce timber.
ishpingo: Any of various South American plants.
ishpingo: Nectandra, of which several species are used medicinally.
ishpingo: Any of various South American plants.
ishpingo: Ocotea quixos, used as a spice.
vilayati: A European foreigner, especially an Englishman
vinchuca: The kissing bug Triatoma infestans
speechie: A speech pathologist.
ben-cull: Synonym of bene cove
Fulldive: Alternative form of fulldive
dukicide: The killing of a duke.
fulldive: Virtual reality technology that inputs sensory data directly into a user's brain (especially when the brain may also act upon the technology)
virgater: A person who owned or cultivated a virgate of agricultural land.
hotpatch: Alternative form of hot patch
hexation: The arithmetic operation of repeated pentation.
dolewave: An Australian music genre which emerged in the early 2010s, typically laid-back, lo-fi and guitar-driven.
vocalion: A type of reed organ
voltzine: voltzite
volutite: A fossil volute
voicelet: A quiet voice
voorslag: whiplash (the lash of a whip)
vorspiel: prelude
voorskot: down payment, deposit, advance
kataegis: A grouping of localised genomic hypermutations associated with some cancers
fableist: Alternative form of fablist
fencelet: A little fence (barrier).
CHO cell: A common ovary epithelial cell type used in biotechnology applications.
vuilgoed: filth, trash
actisign: Synonym of sinsign
potisign: Synonym of qualisign
famisign: Synonym of legisign
boomorah: The water chevrotain (Hyemoschus aquaticus).
wardency: The office / position of a warden
washomat: laundromat, launderette
baclosan: baclofen
westland: The western part of a geographic area; a land lying to the west.
caroubin: A mixture of proteins, similar to gluten, obtained from carob beans
cusk-eel: Any fish of the family Ophidiidae
widowess: widow
primocin: A broad-spectrum antibiotic and fungicide
winterim: A period in a winter term in which students work on projects away from their normal school
womandom: women collectively; womankind
spa bath: a bath with heated water and jets of aerated water used for body massage and enjoyment, = jacuzzi
workaway: a person who works his passage
worldlet: A small planet; planetoid.
worldlet: A three-dimensional fragment of a virtual world used as a landmark for wayfinding.
spa pool: A pool of warm bubbling water used for therapy or relaxation.
corefers: third-person singular simple present indicative of corefer
782 gear: Military gear for use in the field, including a rifle, bedding, first aid kit, etc.
diddikoi: Alternative form of didicoy
paralist: A para para dancer.
carisack: A bag for carrying things.
typeform: The part of a printing press which holds the type, and against which the platen is pressed.
Xography: A type of photography that produces images that have a three-dimensional quality
retriage: The act of triaging again.
anagnost: Someone who reads aloud, especially who reads lessons, passages etc. during a church service.
yanolite: axinite
hosereel: Alternative form of hose reel.
isanomal: An isoline joining points with the same degree of anomaly or deviation in some meteorological or geological phenomenon.
isanomal: An isabnormal.
zendalet: A large shawl, typically worn by Venetian women
ytterite: gadolinite
slifting: The preposing of an embedded clause containing reported speech or beliefs.
teawhisk: Alternative spelling of tea whisk
bum head: A stupid, foolish, or ridiculous person.
sex pest: A person who sexually harasses others.
zilladar: The administrative official of a zilla
dropwall: A prefabricated wall that is supported by a framework.
dropwall: A short wall used as a weir or floodgate to control the flow of water.
dropwall: A temporary barrier used to surround troops or protect battlements, often with spikes on the outside to prevent the enemy from scaling it.
desmosin: Alternative form of desmosine
cellosyl: A muramidase produced by the bacterium Streptomyces coelicolor
guytrash: Alternative form of gytrash
Maserati: A car manufactured by Maserati.
guatambu: The flowering tree Balfourodendron riedelianum.
Guelfism: Alternative spelling of Guelphism
guapilla: The American bromeliad Hechtia glomerata.
Armanism: An esoteric ideological system pioneered by Guido von List, based around paganism and the Aryan race.
autocamp: A campground for tourists travelling by automobile.
grandfer: Alternative form of granfer
C-string: A woman's scanty undergarment resembling a G-string but having a curved (C-shaped) wire that runs between the buttocks.
C-string: A C-style string.
gofferer: One who goffers.
houselet: A little house.
globelet: A little globe.
globelet: Any of certain smaller members of the genus Mesodon ("globes") of land snails.
gossipee: One who is gossiped about.
Mamprusi: A member of a particular ethnic group of Northern Ghana and Togo.
ghoulery: ghoulishness
snow-how: The knowledge and skill utilized during snow and inclement weather.
genderer: One who or that which engenders or brings on something.
lashtail: Any of various agamid lizards having long, thin tails.
gamelang: Archaic form of gamelan (“Indonesian music ensemble”).
tanstuff: Material that can be used for tanning (the process of making leather).
yen pock: Alternative form of yen pok (“opium pellet for smoking”)
waggonry: Dated form of wagonry.
cañaigre: Alternative form of canaigre
dog town: A community of prairie dogs.
dog town: A town at which a play is performed for a less important audience to gauge the likelihood of general success.
Ionicism: The Ionic style in architecture.
rasamala: The evergreen tree Altingia excelsa.
rice bag: A Christian, especially one who has just embraced Christianity.
karyomap: A graphical representation of the genes present in a pair of parents that could pass on genetic disorders to a child
ranicide: The killing of a frog.
cosignal: Any of a group of coordinated signals
carnitin: carnitine
effluxer: A T cell that effluxes various components
pro-verb: A pro-form used to substitute for a verb or verb phrase.
wagecuck: A person who works a mindless, low-paying job.
megalord: One who holds power higher than others.
stoicist: A proponent of stoicism.
crack-up: Alternative spelling of crackup
inoculee: One who is inoculated.
metazone: The posterior zone of the pronotum in an insect of the family Acrididae or Gryllidae.
no scope: Alternative spelling of no-scope
cab rank: Synonym of taxi rank
cab rank: A group of aircraft that remain airborne in order to attack targets quickly when requested.
cufuffle: Alternative spelling of kerfuffle
miliacin: The triterpenoid derivative (3S,4aR,6aS,6aR,6bR,8aR,14aR,14bR)-3-methoxy-4,4,6a,6b,8a,11,11,14b-octamethyl-1,2,3,4a,5,6,6a,7,8,9,10,13,14,14a-tetradecahydropicene that stimulates keratinocytes
Sed card: Synonym of comp card
coin box: Alternative form of coinbox
idea art: A form of art based on small individual ideas rather than generic aesthetic, material and disciplinary concerns.
Unicoder: A person involved in the development of Unicode.
paintpot: A pot for holding paint.
paintpot: A lever on a telecine machine that controls the range of colors in an image.
enzymate: The product of an enzymatic reaction, especially one involving yeast
antimode: A local minimum on a graph
muwallad: A Muslim of non-Arab descent in medieval Islamic Spain (Al-Andalus), being a local convert or a descendant of one.
jet pipe: A pipe at the back of a gas turbine out of which exhaust gases are discharged
appisode: An episode of a show in the form of an interactive software application.
ventamol: salbutamol
allodist: The holder of an allodium.
metaboly: The change in shape undergone by euglenids as they move or evolve
cadalane: The sesquiterpene 4-isopropyl-1,6-dimethyldecahydronaphthalene
cubebene: Any of a group of sesquiterpene hydrocarbons present in Piper cubeba berries
parajute: A parachute made from jute, once used in India for dropping supplies
Mashreqi: A native or inhabitant of the Mashreq.
autogony: abiogenesis
mislevel: The act of misleveling or state of being out of level.
unionite: A form of zoisite
cecilian: Alternative form of caecilian
hexander: Any plant of the class Hexandria
heptagyn: Any plant of the order Heptagynia
atomsite: Synonym of trinitite
vowelist: One who maintains that the vowel points in Hebrew Scripture are part of the original text and thus of divine rather than human origin.
Darbyist: Synonym of Darbyite
ocypodan: Any crab of the family Ocypodidae
ultramer: Any of a class of synthetic DNA sequences
ocydrome: Any beetle of the genus Ocydromus
red lane: The throat.
decander: Any plant of the Decandria class
dekarchy: decarchy
accourie: The agouti
lift car: The passenger-carrying vehicle in a lift shaft.
thingism: Materialism.
double E: Alternative form of EE
double E: Abbreviation of electrical engineer.
double E: Alternative form of EE
double E: Abbreviation of electrical engineering.
double E: Alternative form of EE
double E: Abbreviation of degree (diploma) in electrical engineering.
Dogecoin: Alternative letter-case form of dogecoin
isodomum: isodomon
galatine: Alternative form of galantine
rolleron: A aerodynamic control surface device, used to control against unwanted rolling (rotation) about the axis of movement. The moving wingtip is self-gyro-stabilized with a rolling bladed wheel catching the airstream, providing the gyroscopic moment.
metabias: bias present in a group of related studies
cannabal: Misspelling of cannibal.
casticin: The flavone 5-hydroxy-2-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-3,6,7-trimethoxychromen-4-one.
limnoria: A member of the genus Limnoria of shipworms.
pop tune: A pop song.
cycleman: Synonym of cyclist
cycleman: Synonym of bicyclist
cycleman: Synonym of cyclist
cycleman: Synonym of biker
cycleman: Ellipsis of motorcycleman. Synonym of motorcyclist
cycleman: Ellipsis of motorcycleman. Synonym of motorcyclist
cycleman: Synonym of biker
fanchant: A phrase that is chanted by fans in the audience in sync to live performances.
Ponziani: A common chess opening beginning with the moves 1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. c3.
peroxone: A mixture of hydrogen peroxide and ozone used in drinking water treatment
botafogo: A dance step in samba.
toss job: Synonym of hand job
ribolock: A material that inhibits the action of ribonuclease
meroacid: meromycolic acid
osmotics: The study and measurement of osmotic pressure
chapulin: A grasshopper toasted on a comal eaten in Mexico, mainly in Oaxaca State.
bug-walk: A bed.
pongelow: beer, or half and half
rockalow: Obsolete spelling of roquelaure
Broseley: A churchwarden pipe made in Broseley, Shropshire.
Lax pair: In the theory of integrable systems, a pair of time-dependent matrices or operators that satisfy a corresponding differential equation, called the Lax equation.
khao soy: Alternative form of khao soi
mouselet: A young or little mouse.
Mazdeist: Alternative form of Mazdaist
Mazdaist: A follower of the religion of Mazdaism.
bee-hive: Alternative spelling of beehive
hard man: Alternative form of hardman.
semiword: The initial or final constituent of compounds that cannot occur outside the domain of compounds, i.e., they are not freely combinable with words or phrases into syntactic constituents, but can undergo coordination reduction in both directions.
neotomid: Any muroid rodent of the subfamily Neotominae
superbat: A superb batsman or batswoman.
subchild: The child of a child (subordinate node) of a tree
sibirene: The sesquiterpene 8a-methyl-4-methylidene-6-propan-2-yl-1,2,3,4a,7,8-hexahydronaphthalene
squawdom: The world or sphere of squaws.
handwear: Clothing to be worn on the hands, such as gloves.
horsedom: The world or sphere of horses.
longjohn: Alternative form of long-john
golgappa: panipuri (fried puff-pastry balls filled with seasonings etc.)
sherriff: Obsolete form of sheriff.
yajenine: An alkaloid of uncertain composition, reported from the genus Banisteriopsis.
farasula: An African unit of weight, equivalent to about 17 kilograms.
foamcore: A lightweight material consisting of a board of polystyrene foam clad with an outer facing of paper on either side, typically white clay-coated paper or brown kraft paper.
stoneway: A grooved roadway with setts allowing horses to haul heavy loads.
cicisbea: The female companion or lover of a (chiefly married) man, especially in eighteenth-century Italy.
G-buffer: A screen space representation of geometry and material information, generated by an intermediate rendering pass in deferred shading rendering pipelines.
valiship: Alternative form of waliship
waliship: The role or status of a wali.
valveman: A man employed to operate a valve in pumping water.
Venutian: Alternative form of Venusian
viperess: A female viper (snake, or treacherous/malignant person)
bulghoor: Alternative form of bulgur (prepared wheat grains)
vondsira: Alternative form of vontsira
acrocarp: Any acrocarpous moss
rock art: Traditional artwork of Indigenous Australians, including paintings, drawings, engravings, stencils, bas-relief carvings, and beeswax figures, located in rock shelters and caves.
isochlor: An isoline connecting points on a map with the same concentration of chlorine in water.
shortass: A short person.
avelumab: A monoclonal antibody used against some carcinomas
metapath: metabolic pathway
lip seal: A radial shaft seal.
ozraptor: An Australian dinosaur of the genus Ozraptor
quinacid: quinolinic acid
hydropot: A person who drinks water etc. rather than alcoholic drinks.
duplifix: An affix which, when applied, incorporates some of the stem word it is modifying.
duplifix: An affix that works by duplicating part of the stem word.
kalamalo: Eragrostis variabilis, a grass endemic to Hawaii.
Karamojo: A native or inhabitant of Karamoja.
kassabah: A former Egyptian unit of length, equal to 3.55 metres.
ketapang: The tropical tree Terminalia catappa.
kikawaeo: The fern Dryopteris cyatheoides.
ketipate: A salt or ester of ketipic acid.
killwort: The plant Chelidonium majus.
knorhaan: A large bird of the bustard family.
knorhaan: The fish Pomadasys commersonnii.
Knossian: A native or inhabitant of Knossos.
kodakist: A photographer.
kilnhole: The opening of a kiln into which material is fed.
kookeree: Dated form of kukri.
korymbos: A jewel-studded globe containing the top hair of the ruler of the Sasanian dynasty of Iran, resting on his crown.
kotwalee: Archaic form of kotwali.
Cnossian: Alternative form of Knossian
hyphaene: Any palm of the genus Hyphaene
Koreshan: A member of the Koreshanity religion.
wardapet: Alternative form of vardapet
isopract: An isoline.
eurobond: Alternative letter-case form of Eurobond
onticity: One's ontic attributes.
quaranty: Synonym of Council of Forty, former courts with 40 members in Florence and Venice.
Ottawian: Synonym of Ottawan; A denizen of Ottawa
quinidia: quinidine
quirling: A coiling or swirling sensation.
e-module: A module (unit of education covering a single topic) delivered and assessed by means of computer technology.
teabacco: A tobacco substitute illicitly made in prisons from tea and nicotine.
icecraft: The art or skill of climbing on icy terrain.
venosome: An extracellular vesicle, in wasps, that transports venom
cereblon: A protein associated with ubiquitination
DeLorean: A car made by the DeLorean Motor Company.
hyperpop: A microgenre of music that exaggerates common traits from pop music, originated in the 2010s.
jargoner: Synonym of jargonist
Wisigoth: Alternative form of Visigoth
millfeed: Commercial animal feed, especially if a byproduct of the milling of flour
isobenth: An isoline connecting points on a map having equal amounts of benthic biomass.
Sea Lord: Any member of the British Board of Admiralty who is also a serving admiral in the Navy.
forkbomb: Alternative form of fork bomb
sawlette: A small prehistoric flint tool that has serrated edges
dive bar: A bar (drinking establishment) located in a cellar or basement.
dive bar: A disreputable or unglamorous bar.
smashpad: A place used for casual sexual intercourse.
ruckwork: The onfield play of a ruck.
easybeat: A team that is easy to beat; a team ranked towards the bottom of the competition ladder.
duckshit: The excrement of a duck.
solketal: An acetal derivative of glycerol (2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl)methanol used in the synthesis of glycerides
almamate: The territory ruled by an almami.
henroach: A female cockroach
vintener: Obsolete form of vintner.
Virginid: Any meteor of a group of meteor showers emanating mostly from the constellation Virgo between February and May.
throddle: Misspelling of throttle.
airphoto: A photograph taken from the air, for example to study terrain.
mirmimic: Any material that mimics the action of microRNA
karrusel: The carousel of a clock or watch
kallipyg: A callipygian person
laicizer: One who laicizes.
lanceman: A soldier armed with a lance.
beachlet: A little beach.
langarai: The tree Bruguiera parviflora.
fawaffle: Falafel that has been pressed in a waffle iron into the form of a waffle.
fuminess: The quality of being fumy.
rasmalai: Alternative form of ras malai
footpass: A pass made by kicking the ball through the air directly to a teammate.
drawknob: A knob used to control the stop of an organ.
bosshood: The state or condition of a boss.
traipser: One who traipses.
zaptieth: Alternative spelling of zaptieh
froggess: Alternative form of frogess
nanolens: A nanoscale lens
small if: A likely condition.
tapester: A maker of tapestries.
shtiebel: A small, informal synagogue or shul.
kickster: A person who derives pleasure from kicks (thrills).
codrawer: A joint drawer of funds.
ovalenyl: A univalent radical derived from ovalene
Dinkoism: A parody religion centered around Dinkan, a deity based on a Malayalam comic book who is an anthropomorphic superhero mouse.
singress: Alternative form of singeress
go-along: An ethnographic method involving meeting and walking with members of the community being studied.
go-along: A person duped into accompanying thieves during a robbery.
Chadband: A smug preacher.
vajacial: A personal care beauty treatment which involves cleansing and moisturizing of the vulva and bikini area.
vagacial: Alternative spelling of vajacial
alfaxane: alfaxalone
Chavismo: a left-wing populist ideology based on the policies of Hugo Chávez, the former president of Venezuela (2002-2013), and the politics of the Bolivarian Revolution (Bolivarianism).
hydrosis: Misspelling of hidrosis.
bhopping: Alternative form of b-hopping
slimwing: An Australasian slimwing dragonfly.
cambouse: Alternative form of caboose
gut feel: Alternative form of gut feeling
chemzyme: A kind of synthetic molecule specialized in producing a certain three-dimensional form.
Larrakia: An Australian Aboriginal people traditionally inhabiting the region of Darwin and surrounds in the Northern Territory.
Mandaism: An idiom or other feature borrowed from Mandaic.
locoshed: Short for locomotive shed.
carmalol: A derivative of phlorethol containing a dibenzodioxin moiety.
tax base: Everything that can be taxed by a particular government body, such as individuals' incomes, property, and inventory subject to sales tax.
guy code: Rule according to which a man shouldn't get involved with a woman whom his friend has previously shown interest in.
cachibou: The tree Bursera simaruba.
cabreuva: The flowering plant Myrocarpus frondosus.
cableman: A man employed to manufacture or install cabling.
pouteria: Any plant of the genus Pouteria.
run-flat: A pneumatic tyre/tire designed to resist the effects of deflation when punctured, and to allow the vehicle to continue to be driven (although usually at a reduced speed).
clowndom: The world or sphere of clowns.
gnomedom: The world or realm of gnomes.
coachlet: A little coach (vehicle).
Chauchat: The standard light machine gun of the French army during World War I.
clifflet: A little cliff.
Loudcest: Incestuous shipping of The Loud House characters, particularly those from the Loud family, most notably Lincoln Loud and any of his sisters.
slam pig: A promiscuous woman, typically overweight or ugly and only sought after for pumping and dumping.
datazone: A (typically small) geographic area for which statistics are available or are collected
caenacin: A protein (with associated gene "CaeNaCin") present in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
self-iso: Short for self-isolation.
starbeam: An intense and visible ray of starlight; a ray or rays emitted from the star.
barbella: a short, stiff, straight leaf hair.
biddance: Synonym of bidding
biddance: Synonym of invitation
bematist: In ancient Greece and Egypt, a person who was able to pace out long distances with great accuracy.
golf pro: A professional golfer who works as a golf instructor at a golf course, the resident golfing expert for the golf club.
faerydom: Alternative form of fairydom
skinnery: The workplace of a skinner.
mismerge: The act or process of mismerging.
Heineken: Anything that reaches parts that other things cannot (after a slogan for the Heineken brand of beer).
transfur: A transgender member of the furry subculture.
Ciskeian: A native or inhabitant of Ciskei.
slacktub: Alternative spelling of slack tub
kingston: monkfish, angel shark (Squatina squatina)
airspray: A spray (of liquid) powered by compressed air
neo-rich: Synonym of nouveau riche
axiation: The development of an axis (and subsequent polarity) in an embryo
fox trot: Alternative form of foxtrot
glow fly: The firefly.
jump box: Synonym of jump server
jump box: An item of portable equipment for jump-starting a vehicle.
jump box: A box used in plyometric exercise to facilitate jumps, stretches, etc.
lion cut: The shaving or cutting short of most of a cat's fur, leaving fur around the face and neck.
drop lot: A site where equipment and vehicles transporting goods can be temporarily stored or parked, before resuming the delivery later on.
naanwich: A sandwich made with naan bread.
cornlage: Silage made from corn (maize): corn silage.
lonomism: Synonym of lonomiasis
hot ache: Pain felt in (chiefly) the hands, when they are warmed after having been very cold.
fireroad: A trail that is wide enough for four-wheeled off-road vehicles.
robocide: Synonym of roboticide
nosegrab: An aerial maneuver in which the skater ollies, then pops the back foot off board and grabs the nose (front) of the skateboard.
aurelian: A collector of butterflies.
Uzbekism: Uzbek nationalism.
Uzbekism: An Uzbek idiom or turn of phrase.
Kabistan: A type of rug woven in parts of the Caucasus.
kalipaya: Palaquium luzoniense, a sapotaceous plant.
kakarali: Lecythis ollaria, a South American tree.
kakarali: The wood of this tree.
Kigalian: A native or inhabitant of Kigali.
Kalamian: Alternative form of Calamian
pea comb: A type of comb having pea-shaped lumps, found in various breeds of domesticated chicken.
termater: Pronunciation spelling of tomato.
icewoman: A woman who trades in ice or is employed to deliver block ice.
icewoman: An ancient human female mummified in ice.
Afronaut: An astronaut of African origin.
Cristero: a supporter of the anti-secular side during the Cristero War in Mexico
harborow: Obsolete form of harbor.
nonagent: One who is not an agent.
libidibi: Synonym of divi-divi (“seed-pods of Caesalpinia coriaria”)
teenaper: A teenage black person.
limettin: Synonym of citropten
louisine: A fine-grained, lightweight, soft-finished silk of microscopic basketweave.
logicity: logicalness
loverdom: The realm or sphere of lovers.
loverdom: The state or condition of being a lover.
ludefisk: Alternative form of lutefisk
e-diesel: A synthetic diesel fuel for use in automobiles.
hempwort: Any plant of the family Cannabaceae; a hemp or hop.
Herculid: Each of a shower of meteorites which fall from the area of sky around the constellation Hercules.
herohead: herohood
Hurufism: A Sufi doctrine based on the mysticism of letters.
Hejazian: A native or inhabitant of the Hejaz region.
hostager: A hostage; a person held hostage.
hurroosh: Alternative form of hooroosh
Huterite: Alternative form of Hutterite
huskanaw: A Powhatan initiation ritual for boys, involving fasting and narcotics.
hussydom: The realm or sphere of hussies.
Huterian: Alternative form of Hutterian
Hypergon: A wide-angle lens, forming a flat field, constructed symmetrically with two deep meniscus elements that almost form a sphere.
maidling: A little maiden; a young girl.
macaasim: Any of various hardwood trees of the Philippines.
macaasim: The timber of these trees.
lozenger: Archaic form of lozenge.
archease: Any of a group of enzymes, involved in nucleic acid metabolism, found in almost all living organisms
enzoosis: An enzootic disease
blumenol: Any of a group of isomers of vomifoliol
kinotype: A profile of cellular kinase activity that is specific to a particular species
timentin: A sterile injectable antibacterial combination of ticarcillin and clavulanate
cariogen: Any cariogenic material
nenbutsu: Chanting the name of Amitābha Buddha, thought to rescue its devotee to the pure land
Maderism: A movement led by Francisco I. Madero during the Mexican Revolution, aiming to achieve democratic regeneration of the country through effective suffrage and no reelection of public officials.
brakeful: Enough to fill a brake (type of carriage).
midshoot: A point in time during filming.
gyrokite: Synonym of rotor kite
exophony: The quality of being exophonic.
gall-nut: Alternative spelling of gallnut
oak-gall: Alternative spelling of oak gall
Okinagan: A member of a Salishan tribe who once occupied an extensive territory on the Okinagan and Similkameen rivers in northern Washington and the adjacent part of British Columbia.
emajagua: The flowering plant Hibiscus pernambucensis.
elevener: Synonym of elevenses (“mid-morning break for a drink or snack”)
essaylet: A short essay.
boy hole: The vagina of a trans man.
boy hole: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see boy, hole.
Hamasien: A historical province of Eritrea
squitten: A cat with a genetic deformity which causes a partial formation or complete absence of the radius bone, making it resemble a squirrel.
budozone: An area associated with the budding of virions
hog-plum: Alternative spelling of hog plum
hog rump: The rump of a horse as fat as that of pig and considered for barbecuing etc.
hog-ring: Alternative spelling of hogring
hogtight: Alternative spelling of hog tight
hogtrain: Alternative spelling of hog train
hog loom: A sunk receptacle or trough (especially of brick) to throw therein the wash and refuse for pigs to eat.
hog ring: Alternative spelling of hogring
hog-loom: Alternative spelling of hog loom
hogfever: Alternative spelling of hog fever
lawnweed: Any weed present in a lawn, but especially Soliva sessilis
rockbolt: A bolt used to anchor the surface of rock
cosmopod: A type of spacecraft.
oxacycle: A heterocyclic compound with oxygen in the ring.
knottage: Density of knots, especially in carpets and rugs.
knottage: Speed, usually of a ship or aircraft, or of the wind, measured in knots.
ethynium: The cation, protonated acetylene (C₂H₃⁺)
ethenium: The cation, protonated ethylene (C₂H₅⁺)
exonship: The role or status of an exon.
Zyrenian: Alternative form of Zyrian
galloner: A container holding or measuring the specified number of gallons.
gandurah: Alternative form of gandoura
ghostlet: A little ghost.
superrat: A certain rat of a large size that is resistant to regular rat poisons, and may have a voracious or rampant behavior.
tuniness: The quality of being tuny.
Gahrwali: A member of an ethnolinguistic group of northern India.
Boiotian: Alternative form of Boeotian
fix room: Synonym of supervised injection site
leograph: A stylized lion motif or icon mainly found in Sinospheric and Indospheric regions' architectures.
leograph: An artistic representation of a lion
Baconism: Synonym of Baconianism
Baconist: A supporter of Nathaniel Bacon (Virginia colonist) (1647–1676), who instigated Bacon's Rebellion.
bahishti: Alternative form of bahisti
bannerer: Synonym of bannerman (“person assigned to carry the colours, etc. of a military unit”)
banovina: Any of the provinces or banates into which the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was subdivided during the period 1929–1941.
barosmin: A resinous product of buchu (from Barosma species), used as a diuretic.
barmskin: A blacksmith's leather apron.
benchful: As much as a bench will hold.
biophagy: The property of being a biophage, a living organism that feeds on other living organisms.
billikin: Alternative form of Billiken
Hadendoa: A member of a nomadic subdivision of the Beja people, known for their support of the Mahdiyyah rebellion during the 1880s to 1890s.
blachong: Alternative form of balachong
berakhah: A formula of blessing or thanksgiving.
creedism: discrimination on the basis of a person's creed
bipedism: Synonym of bipedalism
braggery: bragging
bogglebo: A bugbear (imaginary fearsome creature).
bogglebo: A witch.
brattach: The standard of a Highland clan.
boxmaker: A manufacturer of boxes.
Bolognan: Alternative form of Bolognian
spikenel: Rare spelling of spignel.
Itsekiri: A member of the multi-ethnical cultural group of people living mostly in Togo, Benin and Nigeria.
gunlayer: Alternative form of gun-layer
varitron: An alleged subatomic particle with variable mass that Armenian physicists claimed to have discovered in the 1940s, but which was subsequently debunked.
tule fog: A thick, persistent ground fog, canonically found in parts of California's Central Valley, where it forms from late fall through early spring (rainy season), which may contain cold or freezing drizzle.
vendavel: Alternative form of vendaval
filepath: The location of a file in a directory structure. Also known as the path of a file. A path can be absolute or relative.
steaklet: Synonym of steakette (“patty formed from ground steak”)
bromizer: A bromide added to a collodion or gelatin emulsion.
boobalah: Alternative form of bubele
bubbeleh: Alternative form of bubele
boobeleh: Alternative form of bubele
makeaway: A kit containing the ingredients for a meal, delivered by a restaurant to the diner's home for them to cook.
brutedom: The condition of being a brute; brutality.
brushman: A man employed to clean with a brush.
brushman: A male painter.
burnover: The situation in which a fire overtakes the firefighters who are attempting to deal with it.
buggyman: The male driver of a buggy.
buggyman: A man employed to transport material, such as the bloom from a furnace, on a wheeled carriage or buggy.
bucketer: A person employed to use a bucket in some capacity.
bucketer: A bucket shop operator.
toe wall: A low retaining wall, e.g. at the bottom of a slope or cliff.
halfedge: Alternative form of half-edge
checkman: A man employed to operate a check valve.
aloewood: Synonym of agarwood
antihuff: A substance of uncertain composition once used to adulterate cheese to prevent it from swelling.
clayhead: A person from the Potteries region of England.
sophorin: Synonym of rutin
ovophile: A mouthbrooding member of the fish family Cichlidae.
snownado: Synonym of snowspout.
snownado: A tornado that touches down over a snow covered area, such as a field or mountain, and draws snow up into its vortices.
carajuru: Alternative form of carajura
crankman: A man employed to operate a crank.
cuckhold: Obsolete form of cuckold.
Jew crew: A group of Jews who spend time together.
pigeoner: A person who hunts pigeons.
visitrix: A female visitor.
viburnin: A substance derived from the black haw viburnum (Viburnum prunifolium), used to treat uterine disease.
archking: A chief king.
sulfheme: An inactive form of heme formed by reaction with hydrogen sulfide
calicene: A bicyclic hydrocarbon composed of cyclopentadiene and cyclopropene rings linked by a double bond
iptycene: Any of a group of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons composed of arene subunits bound to a bridged bicyclooctatriene core
butalene: A bicyclic aromatic hydrocarbon composed of two cyclobutadiene rings
cockslut: A very sexually promiscuous woman or girl.
gangerel: Alternative form of gangrel
superray: A very intense ray (beam); superbeam.
Selonian: A native or inhabitant of Selonia.
doorside: The area beside a door.
weendigo: Alternative spelling of wendigo
whirlgig: Alternative form of whirligig
Whiggism: Alternative form of whiggism
wrinklet: A little wrinkle.
worriter: One who worries; an anxious person.
waysider: A person or thing found by the wayside.
hi-score: Alternative spelling of high score
gangrell: Alternative form of gangrel
nicotism: Alternative form of nicotinism
nopinene: A monoterpene, one of the two isomers of pinene, with a pine-like smell.
knobweed: Hyptis capitata, an erect annual lamiaceous shrub.
kulkarni: A person in parts of India who was responsible for maintaining the accounts and records of a village.
kolobion: A short-sleeved or sleeveless tunic worn in Ancient Greece.
subkulak: A peasant in the Soviet Union who was not as wealthy as a kulak but was seen as holding the same counterrevolutionary attitudes.
exiledom: The state or condition of being an exile.
euphonym: A pleasant-sounding name.
Quaequae: A member of the Hottentot people.
fubarite: a rock that has been brecciated, metamorphosed, or otherwise transformed to the point where its origin cannot be recognized
tallapoi: Obsolete form of talapoin.
goldband: Ellipsis of goldband lily.
transmed: A person who believes that medically-diagnosed gender dysphoria and/or medical transition are an essential trait of being transgender.
quatroon: Obsolete form of quadroon.
shoffice: A small building, located in a garden, serving as a home workspace.
main rag: Synonym of front curtain
big fish: an important person
nut milk: A milk substitute made with nuts.
jacitara: The jacitara palm
jackyard: A spar at the top of a mast that supports a topsail
jackshay: A pot (incorporating a cup) used to make tea
upraisal: The act of something being upraised.
earshoot: A shoot that develops from an ear of grain
kiampong: glutinous rice dish in the Philippines
sharbing: The use of a betting shop's coupons and a betting exchange to create an arbitrage position.
mismount: The act or process of mismounting.
pyrotect: pyrotechnist
pyrrhite: A form of pyrochlore
songuary: The interpretation of dreams; a book containing such interpretations
pyroboly: pyroballogy
sonnetry: The composition of sonnets
sonotube: A tube of compressed fibre into which wet concrete is poured in order to make columns or pillars
drawhook: A coupling hook.
trialers: Alternative spelling of triallers
phacella: A filament that projects into the central gastric cavity of a cnidarian
turumagi: Alternative form of durumagi
durumagi: A traditional Korean overcoat / topcoat.
brotform: A type of basket used to provide structure for breads during proofing.
potworks: A factory that produces pottery.
beetloaf: A vegetarian meatloaf substitute made with beets.
seawrack: Mass(es) of seaweed washed ashore and in piles along a shore, predominantly algae of family Fucaceae.
parajudo: A disability-adapted form of judo
Wuhanian: A denizen of Wuhan, Hubei, China.
chapeler: A member of a religious sect in the 18th and 19th centuries that questioned the legitimacy of the priesthood.
chapeler: A maker of caps.
half cap: A small salute with a cap
ecdotics: The science or art of editing a literary witness.
Trumpdom: The world of Donald Trump.
seedcane: A stalk of a sugarcane plant used for planting
pod corn: A mutant variety of maize that forms leaves around each kernel.
nonnomad: One who is not a nomad.
obtainal: The obtaining of something; acquisition.
Greenboy: Synonym of Oakboy (“member of Irish protest movement”)
octavina: A Filipino musical instrument resembling the guitar.
Obbenite: A religious supporter of Obbe Philips (ca. 1500–1568), one of the early founders of Dutch Anabaptism.
oisivity: indolence; idleness
Outagami: Alternative form of Outagamie
offaling: offal
Olivette: Synonym of poulsard (“variety of grape”)
hydrojet: Synonym of pump-jet
mashbill: The ingredients used in a brewing process to produce the wort that is then fermented into alcohol
oilhouse: A building for storing and dispensing fuel oil.
subchart: A secondary chart.
tonehole: Alternative form of tone hole
runchase: Alternative form of run chase
ball gag: A gag with a rubber or silicone sphere that is strapped into the mouth behind the teeth.
semi-orb: hemisphere
railline: railway line
predough: An intermediate dough before making the final dough
provicar: The deputy of an vicar apostolic
mail-out: Alternative form of mailout
shitoris: Prostate gland in the context of sexual stimulation.
numerlog: The name of a numeric amount.
widowity: Synonym of widowhood
khaneqah: Alternative form of khanaqah
khanegah: Alternative form of khanaqah
mindfile: A digital database of a person's life, seen as a mechanism for preserving human knowledge or consciousness.
Nikonite: A supporter of Patriarch Nikon of Moscow in the Raskol.
skinfeel: The way that something feels against the skin.
handfeel: The way that something feels when touched by or held in the hand.
Vichyism: Synonym of Pétainism
Vichyist: Synonym of Pétainist
teletape: A message of up to 200 words transmitted by telegraph at the post office.
telepost: A message of up to 100 words transmitted by telegraph at the post office.
draw hoe: A hoe whose blade is approximately at a right angle to the shaft.
vicianin: A cyanogenic disaccharide found in the seeds of Vicia angustifolia.
hand hoe: A lightweight, short-handled hoe suitable for manual use.
hoop hoe: A scuffle hoe with a loop in its head.
adze hoe: A strong, heavy hoe traditionally used in trail-making.
clam hoe: A hoe for digging up clams.
grab hoe: Synonym of Italian hoe
grub hoe: Synonym of Italian hoe
fork hoe: A hoe with two or more tines at right angles to the shaft, typically used to loosen the soil for planting or sowing.
récamier: Alternative form of recamier
car jack: A jack (used to lift up a vehicle)
cimarron: Alternative letter-case form of Cimarron (“maroon”)
librandu: A liberal, a leftist.
librandu: An ardent left-wing netizen, especially an atheist or one who supports globalism.
librandu: An ardent supporter of the Indian National Congress or its leader Rahul Gandhi.
bombasin: Alternative spelling of bombazine
bitchass: Alternative form of bitch-ass
gigachad: An extremely muscular man often featured in memes, originating in several images posted by the Instagram account berlin.1969, identified as of Russian model Ernest Khalimov.
gigachad: An extremely admirable man; a Chad among Chads.
gigachad: An exceptionally handsome man, having an even higher level of attractiveness than a Chad.
pinkpill: A notional pill taken by femcels (female incels) who have adopted a nihilistic philosophy that unattractive women will never be sexually or romantically successful.
pinkpill: A notional pill taken by those who have adopted a belief that as unattractive men they would be more attractive as trans women.
goashore: A three-legged cooking pot.
goashore: A sailor's best clothes, to be worn when going on land.
goatress: A female goatherd
covetess: A woman who covets; a coveter.
ogok-bap: A Korean dish of boiled glutinous rice, proso millet, sorghum, black beans, and red beans traditionally eaten at Daeboreum, the first full moon of the lunar year.
tootsoon: A black person.
drungary: Alternative form of drungar (“a kind of military commander in the late Roman and Byzantine Empires”)
fatbeard: A stereotypical overweight white male with a beard.
palm fat: A solid form of the vegetable oil obtained from the fruit of oil palms.
test out: A trial; an experiment to see how or whether something works; the act of testing something out.
test out: A placement test that allows someone to skip a course.
upflight: upward flight, typically of an insect
golf bag: A bag for carrying golf clubs.
washette: Synonym of laundromat
pantiler: A preaching Dissenter.
dinarlee: Alternative form of dinarly
S-plasty: A surgical technique to repair skin defects by means of a long, approximately S-shaped incision.
noosance: Pronunciation spelling of nuisance.
noosance: Eye dialect spelling of nuisance.
matatabi: Species of plant of the genus Actinidia, family Actinidiaceae
ear drop: A topical liquid medication administered to the ear, usually into the ear canal one drop at a time with a dropper.
lap desk: A lightweight portable surface placed on a seated person's lap and used like a desk, for writing documents, working on a laptop, etc.
dambreak: dam failure
manushya: Alternative spelling of manusya (“man, human being”).
sled-dog: Alternative form of sled dog
tear-off: A strip or sheet of paper, plastic film, etc., that is designed to be removed by tearing or pulling off.
tear-off: A pull-down menu that can be detached from its parent menu bar and dragged around the screen.
tear-off: A COM (Component Object Model) interface that is instantiated only when explicitly requested.
ozokerit: Archaic form of ozocerite.
idiomacy: The quality of being idiomatic, or an idiom.
Jämthund: A breed of dog of the spitz type that is found in Northern Europe, eponymous with Jämtland.
Eurasier: A breed of dog of the spitz type that originated in Germany.
Jeju dog: A breed of dog that was resurrected from the brink of extinction in 1986, originating from the island of Jeju, South Korea.
grafitti: Misspelling of graffiti.
wow word: A more interesting or vivid synonym for an everyday word.
wolf-cat: A cat (Felis catus or Felis silvestris catus) with a recessive genetic mutation that causes it have no undercoat and to lose much of its hair when molting.
kartavya: A duty, obligation, task.
rude boy: A male juvenile delinquent, originally in Jamaica in the 1960s.
rude boy: A male enthusiast of ska music.
sake set: The flask and cups used to serve sake.
ontotype: The hierarchical form of a genotype
valetage: The work of a valet.
vealskin: The skin of a calf.
veinwork: A veined pattern.
Vichyite: Synonym of Pétainist
vinestem: The stem of a vine.
vintnery: The sale of wine; the trade of a vintner.
vintnery: A place where wine is sold.
vasework: The decorative arranging of flowers in a vase.
fowl-run: An enclosure for domesticated chickens that has enough space to let them to walk about.
ganodont: Any member of the Ganodonta.
gamalost: A traditional Norwegian cheese made by souring skimmed cow's milk with a lactic starter, slowly heating it and separating the curds, and introducing mold, then allowing it to ripen.
hip whip: The act of grabbing a teammate's hips in order to propel oneself forward.
camelman: A person in charge of a camel.
campshed: A supporting structure for a river bank, built from planks and piles.
warratau: Alternative form of waratah (“Australian plant”)
washmaid: A young washerwoman.
washtray: A tray for holding items while they are washed.
wellyard: A yard in which a well (water source) is located.
wheelbox: A box beneath a ship's wheel containing the steering gear.
ill-ease: A feeling or state of uneasiness; a lack of comfort or surety; discomfort or anxiousness.
serodeme: A type of blood parasite
polywool: A mixture of polymer and wool used as a filter material in aquariums
combfoot: A comb-footed spider
STEMlord: A self-important, condescending person with a background and/or interest in a STEM field, particularly one who disparages the humanities.
bag reef: The fourth or lower reef of a topsail.
bahiaite: A hornblende hypersthenite mineral.
bergamol: Synonym of linalyl acetate
biochemy: biochemistry
bismosol: A sterilized solution of potassium sodium bismuthotartrate, used to treat syphilis.
bitanjol: Alternative form of bitanhol
bitanhol: The tropical tree Calophyllum inophyllum.
bitanhol: The wood of this tree.
glycosid: Archaic form of glycoside.
bonework: The art or process of making objects from bone.
anxietie: Alternative form of anxiety.
garneter: One who garnets (shreds wool, rags, etc. for reuse).
Ganguela: A small ethnic group living in Angola.
Ganguela: Any of a number of peoples living east of the Bié Plateau, including the Lwena (Luena), Luvale, Mbunda, Lwimbi, Camachi, and others.
dropgoal: Alternative form of drop goal
Kemetist: Someone who practices Kemetism (a neopagan revival of Ancient Egyptian religion).
Turanist: A supporter of the Turanism movement.
XML bomb: A malicious XML file designed to consume a lot of memory as a result of the expansion of entities within the markup during parsing.
flatplan: A page plan of a publication that shows how the articles and advertisements are laid out.
bosshead: Alternative form of boss head
plackart: Alternative form of placard (“extra plate on the lower part of a breastplate (armor)”)
Conchese: A native or inhabitant of Conca dei Marini
farobank: Synonym of faro
rapedoll: Synonym of rapetoy
badmaash: Alternative spelling of badmash
shawoman: A female shaman.
passgrip: A special grip of the hand used by a freemason during a handshake, covertly communicating his freemason status to the other person.
nonmolar: Any tooth that is not a molar.
wickawee: The plant Castilleja coccinea.
willeyer: Alternative form of willier
Akeldama: Alternative form of Aceldama
dibromid: Archaic form of dibromide.
dikamali: The shrub Gardenia resinifera.
dichoree: A double choree.
dikeside: The area beside a dike.
shiledar: A soldier in India's Maratha Empire (1630–1818), particularly during the reign of Shivaji.
essayism: The writing style associated with essays.
equivote: A hung vote, one having an equal number of votes cast on each side of the question.
hanahaki: A fictional illness in which a person bearing an unrequited love coughs up flower petals until they die or their feelings are reciprocated. The disease can also be cured by a surgical procedure that removes the flowers, but this will result in them losing their feelings of affection and all memories of the person they loved.
twinspur: Any of the flowering plants of genus Diascia.
dinitril: Archaic form of dinitrile.
isodecyl: Any of several branched-chain isomers of the decyl radical, but especially 3,5,5-trimethyl hexyl
denylist: Synonym of blacklist
woketurd: Synonym of woketard
Bernista: A supporter of Bernie Sanders or his political philosophy.
humorfic: A fanfic intended to be humorous.
shockfic: Fan fiction which has shocking or disturbing elements.
whiteism: Alternative form of whitism
agentese: The jargon used by agents or an agency.
cargoism: The beliefs associated with cargo cults (unorthodox religious movements among the people of Melanesia based upon Western manufactured goods).
stackful: Enough to fill or form a stack.
alt-tech: Social media and other Internet platforms used by the alt-right.
tabooist: One who imposes a taboo.
lakhauri: Alternative form of lakhori
tamidine: A material derived from nitrocellulose, used in making filaments for lamps.
phaneron: That which is perceived by the mind, regardless of whether it corresponds to reality.
gig work: Income-earning activities outside of traditional, long-term employer-employee relationships.
moosette: A female moose.
MO drive: magnetooptical drive
MD drive: A minidisc drive.
sinuglaw: a Filipino dish consisting of barbecue meat marinated in vinegar or calamondin juice along with vegetables and spices
fire-fly: Alternative spelling of firefly
noodnick: Alternative spelling of nudnik
niglette: A black female child.
skunkery: A place where skunks are raised (also used figuratively).
Vallhund: Synonym of Swedish Vallhund
excisase: An enzyme that catalyses an excision of a chromosome
macajuel: A Boa constrictor.
prop-jet: Alternative form of propjet
pill gun: Synonym of pill popper (“syringe-like device for administering medicinal pills to animals”)
mudshark: Alternative form of mud shark
Urbanist: A Poor Clare who follows or advocates the use of revised codes of conduct in place of the original precepts established by Saint Clare.
Urbanist: Alternative form of Urbaniste (“variety of pear”)
tan heat: heat generated by the fermentation of tan bark waste; generally used in horticulture as a source of bottom heat for potted plants in greenhouses; the application of tan heat to greenhouse plants, mainly during the 18-19th century.
tan heat: a bed of tan bark waste used as a source of mild bottom heat for potted plants in greenhouses or hothouses.
Saljuqid: A member of the Saljuqid dynasty.
cockskin: The skin of the human penis
sabamiki: The split or hollowed trunk of a bonsai tree, for example to suggest a lightning strike.
summerer: One who resides in a certain place during the summer.
Saljūqid: Alternative spelling of Saljuqid
body fat: Alternative spelling of bodyfat
chaffbag: A large sack for holding chaff.
fluff-up: A blunder.
kalleege: Alternative form of kallege
wood bug: Any insect or invertebrate that feeds on or otherwise attacks wood.
katalyst: Alternative form of catalyst
kenotist: One who believes in the doctrine of kenosis.
khedivah: Alternative form of khediva
khedivia: Alternative form of khediva
nonvowel: A sound or letter that is not a vowel.
Kankanay: Alternative form of Kankanaey
Kasubian: Alternative form of Kashubian
kooletah: An Inuit caribou-skin coat.
Seljukid: Seljuk (a member of the dynasty founded by Seljuk)
comp lit: Alternative form of comp. lit. (“comparative literature”)
vaxathon: An event at which numerous people receive vaccinations.
Hindlish: A crossover of Hindi and English language.
Kanglish: A crossover of Kannada and English language.
Tenglish: A crossover of Telugu and English language.
Bonglish: A crossover of Bengali and English language.
Benglish: A crossover of Bengali and English language.
transhet: One who is transgender and heterosexual
Baʻthism: Alternative form of Baathism
Baʻthist: Alternative form of Baathist
Nāṣirism: Alternative form of Nasserism
York gum: Eucalyptus loxophleba, a mallee endemic to Western Australia.
jobsmith: A blacksmith who performs various work other than shoeing horses, such as the making of agricultural equipment.
jointage: The presence or formation of joints (fractures in which the strata are not offset).
oviscapt: Alternative form of oviscapte
moqaddem: Alternative form of muqaddam
vaporary: Synonym of vaporarium (“a steam bath”)
time lag: A period of time between one event and another; a delay.
vatmaker: Someone who makes vats.
vamphorn: A horn without holes or keys, used to amplify the voice in singing.
villaget: A little village.
noon gun: A sundial with a cannon whose fuse is lit by a lens concentrating sunbeams, positioned to fire at noon.
luminase: An enzyme preparation used to lighten the skin
prop gun: A replica of a real gun, incapable of firing projectiles (thus not actually a firearm) used in making a movie or television production.
SAT word: A particularly difficult or obscure word.
SAT word: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see SAT, word.
SF ratio: Alternative form of S/F ratio
PF ratio: Alternative form of P/F ratio
propodus: The propodite of the limb of a crustacean
wallbang: An instance of wallbanging; in particular a kill obtained by wallbanging.
wallbang: A position or constellation that allows wallbanging.
dahshala: Alternative form of dahsala
trap car: A vehicle used by law enforcement agencies as bait to capture car thieves or thieves who steal items from cars.
trap car: A vehicle infused with very dark tints in order to evade capture or scrutiny.
trap car: A railroad car used for much smaller shipments usually within terminal or city limits.
trap car: A passenger vehicle used for drug smuggling that is equipped with sophisticated mechanistic designs that reveal “stash spots” for drugs only when certain functions of the vehicle are performed simultaneously or in sequence.
underbed: An underlying base that supports a bed or foundation.
Naziette: A female Nazi.
best gal: Alternative form of best girl (girlfriend sense only)
saloogie: Alternative form of salugi
harikiri: Alternative spelling of hara-kiri
day-moth: Any of the day-flying noctuid moths of the family Agaristinae.
swapbody: Alternative form of swap body.
larroone: a robber
Jaichand: One who opposes Hindutva and supports its enemies, a traitor, especially a race traitor.
rope-way: Alternative spelling of ropeway
colasisi: Philippine hanging parrot (Loriculus philippensis)
locktail: A cocktail partaken of by people in COVID-19 lockdown.
arc-lamp: Alternative form of arc lamp
britscha: Alternative form of britchka
bucolism: Bucolicism.
mat shed: Alternative spelling of matshed
mat-shed: Alternative spelling of matshed
prespike: A presynaptic spike
afronaut: Alternative letter-case form of Afronaut
Capriote: A native or inhabitant of the island of Capri.
hareling: A young or diminutive hare.
nitragin: a fertilizer consisting of a culture of nitrogen-fixing bacteria obtained from the root nodules of leguminous plants
waxplant: Alternative form of wax plant
wine mom: A mother who drinks alcohol to relieve the stress associated with parenting.
batoneer: One who uses a baton, specifically a conductor.
EDO DRAM: Initialism of extended data out dynamic random access memory.
EDO-DRAM: Alternative form of EDO DRAM
Abbadide: Archaic form of Abbadid (“member of Muslim dynasty”).
Acolhuan: A member of the Acolhua people.
adlumine: An alkaloid found in plants of genus Adlumia.
afterage: An age occurring afterwards; a later era.
agabanee: A cotton fabric embroidered with silk, made in Aleppo.
muhtasib: An official appointed to supervise bazaars and trade in the medieval Islamic countries.
deathism: The belief that death is natural, inevitable, or desirable.
N. B. C.: Alternative form of NBC
akazgine: A poisonous alkaloid, analogous to strychnine, obtained from the akazga plant.
DIP chip: Initialism of dual in-line package chip.
algocyan: A blue pigment found in algae, soluble in water and glycerol, with intense red fluorescence.
amalaita: A member of an urban criminal gang.
seacunny: A lascar helmsman.
amolilla: The plant Agave bulliana.
cabeliau: Alternative form of kabbelow (“kind of salted cod”)
long ess: Alternative form of long s
hoshiana: Alternative spelling of hosanna
hoshanna: Alternative spelling of hosanna
balm tea: A tisane or herbal tea made from balm, especially from herbs of the genus Melissa.
ice burn: An icy road.
dishwash: The washing of dishes.
dishwash: Dishwater.
polybuny: multituberculy
Polonius: A busybody who makes poor judgments.
pondwort: A submerged aquatic plant native to Europe and northwestern Asia (Stratiotes aloides).
pondwort: A plant, horned pondweed, found in fresh to brackish waters, with long, threadlike leaves (Zannichellia palustris).
potmaker: A manufacturer of pots.
potomato: Synonym of pomato (“potato-tomato hybrid”)
airfryer: Alternative spelling of air fryer
matalafi: A shrub, Psychotria insularum, used for medicine and found in American Samoa, Niue, Samoa, and Tonga.
matalafi: Medicine made from the shrub.
heretrix: Alternative form of heritrix
opalware: A form of opaque toughened glass used for dinnerware.
soupbone: Alternative form of soup bone
heritrix: A female heritor.
soulcake: Alternative form of soul cake
sourbush: Any of certain stinkworts of the genus Pluchea.
Sorabian: Alternative form of Sorbian
sourweed: The plant Rumex acetosella.
southard: Archaic form of southward.
spadilla: The queen of clubs, in certain games.
landgraf: Alternative form of landgrave
speuchan: Alternative form of spleuchan
spoolful: Enough to fill a spool.
stagskin: The skin of a stag.
stagworm: The larva of Cephenemyia auribarbis, which infests the stag.
stagedom: The theatrical world.
steekkan: An old liquid measure used in Amsterdam, approximately 19 litres.
stathmos: A day's military march.
steinful: Enough to fill a stein (beer mug).
Fawnlock: A subgenre of Sherlock fan fiction and fanart portraying Sherlock Holmes as an anthropomorphic deer-like creature.
yakisugi: A method of preserving wood by slightly charring its surface.
messhall: Alternative form of mess hall
armfloat: An inflatable plastic band, normally worn on the upper arm, to help a wearer float in water and learn to swim.
fantroll: An internet troll who is part of a fandom.
fantroll: A troll original character created by a fan.
am-meter: Dated form of ammeter.
homosemy: The state of having identical or exactly the same meaning;
little v: A functional category that introduces the external argument of a predicate as its specifier.
burn pit: An open-air pit where waste is burned. Long-term exposure to its smoke is associated with health problems.
Carolean: A contemporary of King Charles I, II, or III.
Carolean: A soldier (or war veteran) of the Swedish kings Charles XI and Charles XII.
Québécer: Alternative form of Quebecer
Québecer: Alternative form of Quebecer
otosteon: otolith
boymoder: One who is in boymode (presenting as male regardless of gender identity).
elaïdate: Obsolete form of elaidate.
subunity: The condition of being a subunit
crestule: A small crest
wokelash: A backlash against media, speech, etc. deemed inconsistent with social justice principles, or viewed as perpetuating unwoke or reactionary ideas.
wokelash: A backlash against or mass rejection of wokeness, or of media, policies, etc. deemed woke or politically correct.
caimacan: Obsolete form of kaymakam.
may-pole: Alternative form of maypole
xylotile: An altered form of asbestos.
xylolith: A material, resembling wood, made from compressed sawdust.
anti-SJW: Someone who opposes the zealous behavior and strict ideology of social justice warriors, especially someone who engages in activism against it.
Querecho: A member of an Apache people inhabiting part of what is now Texas.
quatrino: Alternative form of quattrino (“old Italian coin”)
winghold: Stability of the wings in flying; a seeming purchase of the air made by a flying bird.
winghold: A hold or grasp of the wing.
aumildar: Alternative form of amildar
suilysin: A cytolysin produced by Streptococcus suis
seaconny: Alternative form of seacunny
scymitar: Obsolete form of scimitar.
secunnie: Alternative form of seacunny
memecoin: A cryptocurrency or token that is based on a meme or has a comedic trait.
shattuck: Alternative form of shaddock
silledar: Alternative form of silladar
xerafine: Alternative form of xeraphim
wanderow: Archaic form of wanderoo.
wacadash: Obsolete form of wakizashi (“Japanese short sword”).
wakadash: Obsolete form of wakizashi (“Japanese short sword”).
ashrafee: Alternative form of ashrafi
blachang: Alternative form of balachong
bandanah: Archaic form of bandanna.
baladine: Alternative form of balladine
ushrufee: Alternative form of ashrafi
bihishti: Alternative form of bheestie
bheestee: Alternative form of bheestie
scrubman: A man employed to do general housework, such as cleaning a house or office.
budgeroe: Obsolete form of budgerow.
bungaloe: Obsolete form of bungalow.
bummalow: Obsolete form of bummalo (“Bombay duck”).
kishmish: A small seedless raisin originally imported from Persia.
jemutdar: Alternative spelling of jemadar
markhore: Alternative form of markhor
mukaddam: Obsolete form of muqaddam.
mussoola: Alternative form of masula
nargeela: Alternative form of narghile
Mosleman: A Muslim.
ormesine: Alternative form of armozeen
Pindarry: Alternative form of Pindari
mochulka: Alternative form of muchalka
Punjaubi: Archaic form of Punjabi.
mochalka: Alternative form of muchalka
pomphret: Alternative form of pomfret
bugicide: A substance that kills bugs.
bugicide: The killing of a bug.
arkstorm: A very severe rainstorm lasting for many days, fed by an atmospheric river, causing massive flooding.
updoming: A bulging upwards in a dome shape.
chrisome: Nonstandard form of chrisom.
haggaday: A ring forming the handle for raising the latch on a door.
fatshion: Clothing fashions designed for overweight people.
oleoside: Any of a particular class of secoiridoid glycoside
Johorian: Alternative form of Johorean
oostasis: The failure of (typically insect) eggs to form or to develop
tallipot: Alternative form of talipot
Johorean: A native or inhabitant of Johor in Malaysia.
misphase: The act or state of misphasing.
cornflag: Alternative form of corn-flag
bandicoy: Alternative form of bendekai (“okra”)
blackgum: Alternative form of black gum (“tree”)
bahaudur: Obsolete form of bahadur.
bendekai: Okra.
lakawood: A reddish aromatic heartwood obtained from various plants and used as incense in China, India and South East Asia. It was also historically used as a dye and in medicine.
zamorine: Alternative form of zamorin
phousdar: Alternative form of faujdar
gumustah: Alternative form of gomashta
gomastah: Alternative form of gomashta
gumastah: Alternative form of gomashta
gomustah: Alternative form of gomashta
hard way: Alternative form of hardway (“type of bet”)
home key: The tonic or keynote of a piece.
Africunt: An African.
poojaree: Archaic form of pujari.
symptome: Obsolete form of symptom.
extimacy: In the works of Jacques Lacan: the quality of being extimate.
blorange: A pale reddish-orange hair color.
anticide: A substance that kills ants.
drop-set: Alternative spelling of drop set
drop set: A set of repetitions of an exercise wherein muscular failure is reached and before resting the exercise is continued with decreased resistance to failure.
Mincopie: A native of the Andaman Islands.
mooktear: Alternative spelling of mukhtar
soubedar: Alternative spelling of subadar
terindam: Alternative form of terrindam
soubadar: Alternative spelling of subadar
mohurrer: A clerk or writer in a native language.
tyekhana: Alternative form of tykhana
tuckavee: Alternative form of takavi
footspur: A foothill that shoots from a mountain or range in a perpendicular direction.
footspur: A crosspiece on a boat against which the rower braces his or her feet; stretcher.
footspur: A spur or spike projecting from the foot, such as that worn to prod a horse, or that occurring naturally on some birds, such as roosters.
blue job: A member of the air force.
dick pic: Alternative form of dickpic
alcatiff: Alternative form of alcatif
biscobra: The Bengal monitor lizard.
bobachee: A male cook.
teaboard: A tea tray.
koleroga: Any of several plant diseases, with distinct causal organisms, including
koleroga: A disease of palm trees such as areca palms and of many other commercially important plants caused by the oomycete Phytophthora palmivora.
koleroga: Any of several plant diseases, with distinct causal organisms, including
koleroga: Diseases of coffee, citrus, and persimmon caused by the fungus Ceratobasidium noxium
banksall: Alternative form of bankshall
kellidar: Alternative form of kiladar
pittarah: Alternative form of pitarah
paranghi: Alternative form of parangi
pitarrah: Alternative form of pitarah
killedar: Alternative form of kiladar
pettarah: Alternative form of pitarah
dummy it: The pronoun "it" used without any referent, serving only to satisfy rules of syntax.
petarrah: Alternative form of pitarah
ghunghat: Alternative form of ghoonghat
rowannah: A pass or permit.
sequaela: Misspelling of sequela.
sequalae: Misspelling of sequelae.
jadoogar: Alternative form of jaadugar
launchee: That which is launched.
pishpash: Alternative form of pish pash
jadoogur: Obsolete form of jaadugar (“magician”).
jadoogur: A Freemason in British India.
jadoogur: Clipping of Jadugar-Khana (“a Freemasons' lodge in British India”, literally “house of magician”).
budgrook: Alternative form of budgerook
dooputty: Alternative form of dupatta
nonsence: Archaic spelling of nonsense.
shastree: Archaic form of shastri.
daugther: Misspelling of daughter.
havildah: Alternative form of havildar
martavan: Alternative form of martaban
martaban: A large glazed pottery vessel of a kind exported from Martaban, used to hold water, rice, fish, etc.
cock-eye: Alternative form of cockeye
cock eye: Alternative form of cockeye
fan sign: Alternative form of fansign
bazaruco: Alternative form of budgerook
blacklet: A speck of soot
blacklet: A hoverfly of the genus Cheilosia
shitgame: A video game of exceedingly poor quality.
playbour: Alternative spelling of playbor
bighouse: Alternative form of big house (“religious building of the Delaware Indians”)
Feburary: Misspelling of February.
girlcock: The penis of a trans woman.
Saganite: Someone who supports, follows, or models their efforts after Carl Sagan (1934–1996).
cuttenee: Alternative form of cuttanee
cuspador: Archaic form of cuspidor.
Deccanee: Archaic form of Deccani.
florikan: Alternative spelling of florican
fat-tail: Synonym of fat-tailed sheep
dosootie: Alternative form of doosooty
dosootee: Alternative form of doosooty
Pegu jar: Synonym of martaban (“large glazed pottery vessel”)
whip gin: Synonym of gin block
mancheel: A kind of hammock-litter used in southwest India as a substitute for a palanquin.
muncheel: Alternative form of mancheel
shulwaur: Alternative form of shalwar
sempitan: Alternative form of sumpitan
tone tag: Synonym of tone indicator
parabike: Alternative form of parabaik
borinene: An alkene that includes a benzene ring with one of the carbon atoms replaced by a boron atom.
kansamah: Alternative form of khansamah
moonsiff: Alternative form of munsif
champada: A superior species of jackfruit.
scyphate: A concave or cup-shaped coin.
zoominar: A webinar hosted via Zoom, a platform for online collaboration.
hirrawen: Obsolete form of ihram.
omnicron: Misspelling of omicron.
omnicron: Misspelling of omicron.
omnicron: Omicron variant (“B.1.1.529”)
userpage: Alternative form of user page
chickore: Archaic form of chukar.
chuckrum: Alternative form of chuckram
surpoose: A cover, as of a basin, dish, hookah bowl, etc.
alchohol: Misspelling of alcohol.
bitchola: A bitch (contemptible person, usually a woman).
eye-rape: Alternative form of eyerape
baby box: A kit of baby clothes and equipment given to an expectant mother.
baby box: Synonym of baby hatch (“place to abandon a baby for others to care for”)
hardsuit: A powered exoskeleton.
patroler: Archaic form of patroller.
patroler: Misspelling of patroller.
dogoyaro: neem (tree)
pandaram: A Shaivist mendicant.
pantaram: Alternative form of pandaram
Rashpoot: Obsolete form of Rajput.
Rashboot: Obsolete form of Rajput.
rissalla: Alternative form of ressala
rissalah: Alternative form of ressala
Roanoker: Someone from Roanoke, Virginia.
Belenite: Someone from Belen, New Mexico.
Planoite: Someone from Plano, Texas.
Laredoan: Someone from Laredo, Texas.
hand-out: Alternative form of handout
memoizer: An algorithm or software component that memoizes.
ripstick: A two-wheeled, human-powered land vehicle consisting of two narrow platforms or decks that are joined by a torsion bar containing a spring. It is controlled by the feet, and the two wheels can move independently.
shiplift: A modern alternative for a slipway, a floating dry dock or a graving dry dock.
tamizdat: Writings published abroad and smuggled back into the former USSR.
microbud: A very small bud.
attocell: A small femtocell
madurose: The monosaccharide derivative 3-O-methyl-D-galactose
hao siao: pseudojournalists, not employed by a reputable news organization but who pass themselves off as journalists in order to cash in on the payoffs and bribes from news sources, particularly during elections.
R. I. S.: Alternative form of RIS
asindero: salt farmer; saltmaker
ash gray: A shade of gray that resembles the color of ashes.
ash-grey: Alternative form of ash gray
ash-gray: Alternative form of ash gray
ash grey: Alternative form of ash gray
youngker: Alternative form of younker (“a young man”)
fauxtina: Artificial patina applied to a wristwatch etc. for cosmetic purposes.
crapshow: Euphemistic form of shit show (“a messy situation”).
faujdari: The district administered by a faujdar.
hirkarah: Alternative form of harkara
hurkarah: Alternative form of harkara
T. O. D.: Alternative form of TOD
T. o. D.: Alternative form of TOD
mussalla: Obsolete form of masala (“Indian spice mixture”).
Chess960: Synonym of Fischer random chess.
rayadito: Either of the two species of ovenbirds in the genus Aphrastura, native to southern South America.
torafugu: Takifugu rubripes, a kind of pufferfish.
puggerie: Alternative form of puggree
pehlevan: Alternative form of pehlivan
tit-fuck: Alternative spelling of tit fuck
boobitis: An affliction to female breasts.
posseman: A male member of a posse.
baby bar: The First-Year Law Students' Examination (FYLSE), taken by certain law students in California.
Obamitis: Alternative form of Obamaitis
girlitis: A tendency of a boy to interact with or think about girls, said as if it were due to a disease or affliction.
leftugee: One who leaves a liberal blue state to live in a conservative red state, (often) doing so in favour of fewer regulations and lower taxes.
omasitis: inflammation of the omasum
high pad: Robbing on a highway.
back pat: Alternative form of back-pat
TM joint: Abbreviation of temporomandibular joint.
back-pat: Synonym of pat on the back
meatcake: A cake made with meat, mashed potatoes, and vegetables.
meatcake: kjøttkake
muhallah: Alternative form of mahallah
uranotil: Archaic form of uranotile.
meatfest: An occasion where meat is prominently featured or served.
tardeada: A party among Hispanics held in the early evening.
countree: Alternative form of country, used when poetic meter demands a stress on the final syllable.
box meal: A ready meal supplied packaged in a box.
cumrunga: The carambola or star fruit.
jackbird: A saddleback (Philesturnus) in its first-year plumage, once thought to be a separate species.
keystrip: A physical overlay for a computer keyboard, indicating the functions of certain keys within a particular software package.
keystrip: A row of pushbuttons.
keystrip: The strip of wood immediately below and in front of the keys of a piano.
keystrip: A long thin piece of material that serves to operate a lock.
bookbook: Alternative form of boobook
cogrowth: cooperative growth of two or more organisms
geofacet: A technique for visualising data for a range of geographic regions, in which a series of identically-sized plots (for instance, bar charts) are arranged in a way that mimics the real-world geographical configuration of the regions.
pubikini: A thin, V-shaped, thong-style bathing suit bottom that in the front featured a tiny strip of fabric that exposed the wearer's pubic hair or mons pubis.
neckhold: chokehold
Homocrat: A member or supporter of the Democratic Party, implying that they are homosexual.
mail box: Alternative form of mailbox
cropload: The amount of fruit that can be obtained as a crop from a fruit tree
nanoseed: A nanoscale seed
garbager: One who collects, sorts, or disposes of garbage.
garbager: An officer of the British royal kitchen, in charge of poultry carcasses and offal.
roujiamo: A Chinese meat sandwich, usually containing pork that has been stewed in a seasoned soup, originating from the cuisine of Shaanxi.
quawking: present participle of quawk
drawspan: The operational span of a drawbridge
goldmark: A German mark of gold standard, as opposed to on paper
filmwork: the craft of filmmaking
monocoat: A topcoat used to finish a surface and not followed by the application of a clearcoat.
tucotuco: Alternative form of tuco-tuco
melanger: Alternative form of melangeur
Tannaite: Synonym of Tanna (“rabbinic sage”)
cannabev: A drink infused with tetrahydrocannabinol.
polyfuse: Synonym of resettable fuse
behavour: Alternative form of behavior
behavier: Alternative form of behavior
goalkeep: A goalkeeper or goaltender.
skidance: A freestyle skiing event, a form of performance dance on alpine skis, performed across flats and choreographed to music.
actorney: Obsolete spelling of attorney
greataxe: A giant axe; a broadaxe.
deadblow: A hammer or mallet designed to minimize rebound from the surface being struck, useful in precision work and in tight locations.
chromine: The organometallic aromatic anion [(2Z)-penta-2,4-dienylidene]chromium or any of its derivatives
froofroo: Alternative spelling of frou-frou
coudiere: A couter (elbow armor).
bauldric: Archaic spelling of baldric.
cuissart: Alternative form of cuissard
ophiasis: a form of alopecia areata characterized by the loss of hair in the shape of a wave at the circumference of the head
supersun: A full or giant sun (solar star).
kung flu: Synonym of COVID-19.
tenikoit: Alternative form of tennikoit
pasguard: Alternative form of passguard (“L-shaped elbow armor”)
slobbism: Slobbish behaviour; slovenliness.
punsaree: Alternative form of pansari
pansaree: Alternative form of pansari
liquorer: A person employed to test samples of coffee beans and select the desired blend.
lodgeful: Enough to fill a lodge.
bandroom: A room used for band practice
liensman: A kind of vassal in Germany
bandwing: Any of the subfamily Oedipodinae of grasshoppers, many having colourful hindwings.
bandwork: Decorative work resembling interlaced bands.
barabora: Alternative form of barrabora
barrelet: Alternative form of barrelette (“structure in mouse brainstem”)
grab box: A box having a small opening in the top through which individuals can (usually for a small amount of money) reach to retrieve an unknown trinket. A common feature of some fairs.
gamsbart: A tuft of chamois or other hair traditionally worn as a decoration on hats in alpine Austria and Bavaria.
gestorne: Obsolete spelling of jazerant
tassette: Alternative form of tasset (“tasse”)
jazarine: Alternative form of jazerant
oceanity: Synonym of oceanicity
outspurt: A spurting outward.
langsuir: A hollowed-back female ghost in Indonesian (Javanese) mythology usually appears since the sunset began until the dawn. Sometimes, it could appear as a Javan hawk-eagle entity.
girlchik: Term of endearment for a girl or woman.
Cannonau: The grenache red wine grape.
fishcamp: Alternative form of fish camp
Simonite: Synonym of Simonian
Keristan: A member of Kerista.
kengirge: A large, double-sided Tuvan drum, often made of goatskin and adorned with bells, introduced by Tibetan Buddhists.
avacopan: A medication used to treat anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated vasculitis.
ravendom: The world or sphere of ravens.
reitbuck: Alternative form of reitbok (“reedbuck”)
rhodinol: The chemical compound 3,7-dimethyloct-7-en-1-ol, used in perfumery.
gothette: A female member of the goth subculture.
Gothette: Alternative letter-case form of gothette
voulgier: A fighter armed with a voulge, particularly in a French military context.
studyblr: A Tumblr blog focused on studying or academia.
cladoxyl: Alternative form of cladoxylopsid
incelism: The state of being an incel; inceldom.
incelism: The ideology or philosophy associated with incels.
push-pin: Alternative form of pushpin
push pin: Alternative form of pushpin
stannyel: Alternative form of staniel
Beothick: Alternative form of Beothuk
misplate: The occurrence of botched plating (sense: thin metal coating).
polyaxon: In a sponge, a spicule that has more than four centered axes.
mispitch: The act or process of mispitching (any sense).
polkadot: Alternative spelling of polka dot
sapscull: Obsolete form of sapskull.
amapiano: A house music subgenre that emerged in South Africa, often incorporating jazz piano and lounge music.
burginot: Rare spelling of burgonet.
mitokine: A mitochondrial cytokine
grevière: Alternative form of greviere
god tier: The highest level; eliteness
greviere: A greave (leg armor).
coal gap: The time period with few coal deposits from the Permian to middle Jurassic.
megatall: A building approximately between 600m and 900m tall, between 2000ft and 3000ft tall. A tall building taller than a supertall.
sea link: A regular connection between two (or more) ports, such as that provided by a ferry service.
mainfere: Alternative form of manifer (“gauntlet”)
vantbras: Obsolete form of vambrace.
pee play: Synonym of pissplay
mama put: A stall selling Nigerian street food.
mama put: A woman who operates such a stall, or who cooks this kind of food.
hot jazz: Synonym of Dixieland (“jazz music subgenre”)
girlmode: The state of presenting as female, regardless of one's actual gender identity, especially of a trans man.
reworder: One who rewords something.
ecranche: A type of shield, used in jousting, which had an indentation or notch to hold the lance.
niteclub: Alternative form of nightclub
nitespot: Alternative form of nightspot
vilayeti: Alternative form of vilayati
webcrawl: The automated following hyperlinks in a website.
IRE unit: A unit used in the measurement of composite video signals. A value of 100 IRE is defined to be +714 mV in an analog NTSC video signal.
daroghah: Alternative form of daroga
cinqueda: Alternative form of cinquedea
Pendraig: A late triassic genus of dinosaur.
polyball: A polystyrene sphere, used in fishing, in science experiments, etc.
gulmohur: Alternative form of gold mohur (“the plant Caesalpinia pulcherrima”)
riceland: An area of land where rice is grown.
Purdesee: In the Bombay army, a sepoy from northern India.
gorgeret: Synonym of gorget (“surgical instrument”)
tea ball: A perforated spherical metal container that holds tea leaves for steeping or brewing in hot water.
lyxulose: A pentose keto sugar, a derivative of lyxose
Auphanim: A biblical angel made from bright wheels covered in eyes.
lamehead: A lamer; someone who is lame.
bishoujo: A genre of anime and manga depicting cute young girls.
halfhelm: A simple skullcap or cervelliere which protects only the top of the head, in contrast to a greathelm or other helmet that would protect the whole head.
slowtard: A slow driver
slowtard: Someone who moves or responds slowly, especially someone who is mentally slow.
drophole: A hole designed for something to be dropped through.
spacepad: A launch pad for spacecraft.
bidoping: Doping with two different elements.
nopalery: A plantation of nopal (a prickly pear cactus of the genus Opuntia, especially Opuntia cochinellifera) used as food for the cochineal insect (Dactylopius coccus), which is raised to produce carmine dye.
burgeria: Alternative form of burgery
donutery: Alternative form of doughnutery
hornache: A pain or ache at the horns.
multiome: A multiple genome, but especially a transcriptome and related epigenome
ageotype: The type of an organism characteristic of a certain age
skintone: The colour of a person's skin.
fünfbein: Synonym of pentad
achtbein: Synonym of octad
lionling: A small lion.
lionling: A young lion.
nightsky: Alternative form of night sky
mud dome: Synonym of mud volcano
neunbein: Synonym of ennead
lukeness: The quality of being lukewarm.
RAT test: Synonym of RAT (“rapid antigen test”)
zehnbein: Synonym of decad (group of ten)
ball kid: A youth responsible for getting the balls from off the area of play to the players.
snapling: Alternative form of snappling (“abseiling”)
snepling: Alternative form of snappling (“abseiling”)
God-send: Dated form of godsend.
Irishian: A scholar of the Irish language.
Iapygian: A member of an Indo-European-speaking people, dwelling in Iapygia (modern Apulia) in the southeastern Italian Peninsula between the beginning of the first millennium BC and the first century BC. They were divided into three tribes: the Daunians, Peucetians, and Messapians.
iceworks: A place where ice is manufactured.
wok race: An instance of wok racing.
bretesse: Alternative form of brattice
costware: Commercial software.
bretache: Alternative form of brattice (“structure for attack or defence”)
ecthesis: An exposition or setting out; used by Aristotle in setting forth various proofs, though the nature of the process is disputed; perhaps simply writing out in letter notation.
rackrent: Rare form of rack rent.
pornware: Pornographic software or malware.
trappour: A horse's caparison.
sabatine: A kind of metal shoe, worn as part of a suit of armor.
zoöthome: Alternative form of zoothome
leg lock: Alternative form of leglock
kleptose: A form of cyclodextrin
kinkmeme: Alternative spelling of kink meme
sump oil: Lubricating oil contained in the sump of an engine; the waste oil drained from the sump at the time of an oil change.
gorgière: A gorget (piece of armor).
gorgière: A gorget (clothing item).
robo-car: Alternative form of robocar
Ukronazi: A Ukrainian, especially one involved in conflict with Russia.
grade 10: Alternative spelling of grade ten
grade 13: Alternative spelling of grade thirteen
grade 12: Alternative spelling of grade twelve
grade 11: Alternative spelling of grade eleven
temogram: An image produced by thromboelastometry
Repucrat: A Republican person espousing typically Democratic positions.
onee-san: An older sister
ulcuscle: A small ulcer.
ullagone: An Irish dirge, or song to mourn the dead.
zioclown: A Zionist.
Zio-nazi: Alternative form of Zionazi
archeol.: Abbreviation of archeology.
masktard: A person who wears a mask against the spread of infectious disease.
furryism: The practice of being a furry.
framecel: An incel with the skeletal structure of an adolescent boy.
clowncel: An incel who identifies with the Joker from the Batman franchise.
lacunule: A small lacuna.
Ladytide: The period around Lady Day.
lairdess: A female laird.
ladykind: Ladies collectively; womankind.
lamasary: Alternative form of lamasery
owl hoot: The hooting sound or call made by an owl.
Bod card: An identity card issued by Oxford University.
gut hook: A hook on the back of a knife blade, used for skinning or removing the organs of a dead animal.
gut hook: A spur.
Bahá'íst: Alternative form of Baháʼíst.
Baháʼíst: A Baháʼí; a follower of the Baháʼí Faith.
Vermorel: Short for Vermorel sprayer.
veridity: truth; veridicality
valetism: The status or office of valet.
clerkism: The tendency to report or document things as they were told to one, without judging or doubting.
vaxident: An unexpected medical incident occurring after the administration of a COVID vaccination.
gardevin: A large bottle or jug for holding wine.
gardevin: A case for holding wine bottles.
Snowdrop: A Royal Air Force police officer.
long vac: Clipping of long vacation.
Long Vac: Alternative letter-case form of long vac; clipping of Long Vacation.
0th week: Alternative form of noughth week.
sub fusc: Uncommon form of subfusc.
dolmathe: Alternative spelling of dolma
bibimbab: Alternative spelling of bibimbap
bakewell: Alternative form of Bakewell
crewdate: A social meal at a restaurant between two university societies, traditionally rowing crews, usually involving drinking and banter; commonly associated with sconcing and pennying; equivalent to a swap at Cambridge University.
serjanty: Obsolete spelling of serjeanty
run-walk: Alternating locomotion by the legs in such a fashion that the share of walking is greater than that of running.
casposon: A bacterial transposon that employs casposase as a recombinase
apodemic: A kind of methodical guidebook for travelers, offering practical advice and instructions on what to see.
fare box: Alternative form of farebox
Wiganese: A dialect spoken by natives of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
fuxation: Clipping of niggerfuxation.
phys-rep: Uncommon form of physrep.
mayoring: The activities of being a mayor
unmethod: An unmethodical approach.
ghatwali: The feudal tenure of a ghatwal.
kedushah: Any of several prayers involving the recitation of the biblical verses Isaiah 6:3 and Ezekiel 3:12.
kedushah: Holiness, sanctity.
swot-vac: Alternative form of swot vac
scrubtit: A small bird of the thornbill family, taxonomic name Acanthornis magna, endemic to King Island and Tasmania.
golkakra: Synonym of gac (“Momordica cochinchinensis”).
grapelet: A little grape.
one-step: A ballroom dance that was popular at the beginning of the twentieth century
oil drum: A drum (container) used to transport oil
air walk: Alternative form of airwalk
clan lab: A laboratory where illegal drugs are manufactured.
boyaress: A female boyar.
boyaress: The wife of a boyar.
digibook: A physical book containing a sleeve for an accompanying optical disc.
ubiquist: Alternative form of ubiquitist
Hesseman: Synonym of Hessian
insultry: Insults generally; the habit or process of insulting.
cololith: Synonym of cololite
gagsmith: A comedy writer.
girlboss: A female entrepreneur who succeeds in the male-dominated business world; (by extension) any strong-willed, independent, enterprising woman.
lysocyte: Synonym of lymphocyte
Zioclown: Alternative form of zioclown
ZioClown: Alternative form of zioclown
zioClown: Alternative form of zioclown
feu-duty: Alternative form of feu duty.
feu duty: Money payable by the tenant of a feu to the feudal superior.
Schedule: Alternative letter-case form of schedule, commonly used in legislation and legal documents.
otakudom: otakus collectively
otakudom: the state of being an otaku
carbrain: The thinking part of a sentient car.
carbrain: Alternative form of car brain (“a supposed condition suffered by someone who believes in the superiority of cars as a means of transport, at the expense of bicycles and public transit.”)
geyerite: Synonym of lollingite
bushrope: Synonym of liana
datamosh: A video that has been datamoshed.
righturd: A person with right-wing political views.
fox moth: A moth found in Western Europe to Central Asia, taxonomic name Macrothylacia rubi.
Elo hell: The supposed phenomenon where a rating range or skill group is atypically hard to escape from.
Elo hell: A rating range where this phenomenon occurs.
shtickle: Alternative form of schtickle
grindset: A hypothetical collection of thoughts and actions one may undertake to improve one's financial and social life and to stay on the 'grind'.
daffadil: Obsolete spelling of daffodil
ojousama: A rich girl.
schtikel: Alternative form of schtickle
schtikle: Alternative form of schtickle
fanmaker: A manufacturer of fans.
soft sub: Alternative form of softsub
pulenuku: The village mayor of an atoll of Tokelau.
farsalah: An old unit of weight used in trading, equal to 35 pounds.
fairtime: The period of time during which a fair takes place.
fellsman: A man who inhabits or walks on the fells (wild fields or upland moors).
Downsman: A man from the South Downs, Sussex, England.
ficklety: fickleness
filchery: Theft.
finchery: A structure into which finches are decoyed so that they can be caught in a net.
flaxwort: Any of the flax plants of genus Linum.
silazole: Any heterocycle formally derived from an azole by replacing a nitrogen atom with a silicon (and attached hydrogen) atom
foalhood: The state or time of being a foal.
vanillon: Synonym of vanilloes (“Vanilla pompona”)
vasquine: A type of frock worn in Spain between the 17th and 19th centuries.
pukeweed: The flowering plant Lobelia inflata.
velvetry: Garments or furnishings made from velvet.
jubilist: Synonym of jubilarian (“a person celebrating a jubilee”)
bhenchod: Alternative form of behenchod
tamberan: Alternative form of tambaran
tambaram: Alternative form of tambaran
banchoot: Alternative form of behenchod
skycrane: A helicopter that is used for hauling large loads.
purganna: Dated form of pargana.
yobisute: In Japanese, the calling of a person by their name without an honorific suffix.
pandarum: Alternative form of pandaram
fæcolith: Obsolete form of fecolith.
fan-foot: Zanclognatha tarsipennalis, a species of litter moth of the family Erebidae.
fæcalith: Obsolete form of fecolith.
spunbond: Spunbonded fabric; a type of nonwoven fabric made by extruding continuous filaments directly from thermoplastic polymer chips, forming those filaments into a web, and then causing them to bond by the application of heat or (more rarely) a catalyst.
ecocycle: An ecological cycle.
gonghang: Alternative form of cohong
bullsh*t: Censored spelling of bullshit.
restroke: Another stroke; a repeat action of stroking
dollyman: The man who operates a dolly (cart on which a camera is mounted).
degludec: Synonym of insulin degludec (in mentions where the full name is rendered superfluous by the context)
tied pub: Synonym of tied house
butts up: A playground game based around throwing a ball against a wall and catching it on the rebound.
rockabye: A soothing rocking motion.
wallette: A small wall.
arundoin: The terpenoid ether (3R,3aR,5aR,5bR,7aR,9S,11aS,13aS,13bR)-9-methoxy-3a,5a,8,8,11a,13a-hexamethyl-3-propan-2-yl-1,2,3,4,5,5b,6,7,7a,9,10,11,13,13b-tetradecahydrocyclopenta[a]chrysene
oxyosmia: Abnormal acuity or strength of the sense of smell
Plinydom: Pliny studies.
Bucellas: A Portuguese wine from an area to the north of Lisbon.
trdelník: a Czech spit cake
cowchild: A cowboy or cowgirl.
p͛judice: Abbreviation of prejudice.
doissant: Synonym of cronut.
shih-poo: Alternative form of shihpoo
piecaken: A pie baked inside a cake.
gangpile: An argument or fight in which one side is greatly advantaged by being more numerous or more closely allied than the other side.
mind-set: Alternative form of mindset
clitface: A term of abuse.
dolthead: A dolt; a fool.
doorweed: Knotweed.
doormaid: A doorwoman.
beaglier: A dog who is a cross between a beagle and a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.
goldador: A mixed breed dog that is a cross between the Golden Retriever and Labrador retriever.
croiffle: Alternative form of croffle (“a combination of a croissant and a waffle”).
Hicksism: The religious principles of the Hicksites.
burdizzo: A castration device employing a large clamp designed to break the blood vessels leading into the testicles, causing testicular necrosis and deterioration.
rabbidom: The role or status of rabbi.
ranksman: A common soldier, one deployed in the rank and file.
rannigal: A rude, unmanageable person.
Ramessid: Alternative form of Ramesside
rascacio: The fish Scorpaena porcus.
rangeman: A man who lives on the range.
cargoman: A cargo ship
cuffband: A band or stripe worn on the cuff, especially for military recognition.
defunder: One who defunds something.
moonette: Synonym of moonmoon
Moonport: A spaceport designed to send spacecraft to the Moon.
subumbel: The underneath of an umbel
wash bag: Alternative form of washbag
layclerk: Alternative form of lay clerk.
song man: Synonym of lay clerk in certain choirs for a male singer.
Waibling: Synonym of Ghibelline
waxmaker: A manufacturer of wax, or of items from wax.
whaledom: The realm or sphere of whales.
wheelage: A fee charged for transporting goods on wheels.
whiskful: As much as a whisk will hold.
winzeman: A man in charge of a winze in a mine.
wormhood: The state or condition of being a worm.
workhand: A workman or laborer; a hand.
lobbyman: A male lobbyist.
wrastler: A wrestler.
leperdom: The realm or sphere of lepers.
fart box: Alternative form of fartbox
churnful: As much as a churn will hold.
chessist: A player of chess.
chessdom: The world of chess.
Kroatian: Obsolete form of Croatian.
Tumblrer: A user of the microblogging and social networking site Tumblr.
Angeleño: Alternative spelling of Angeleno
armplate: Plate armour worn on one's arms.
nose-job: Alternative form of nose job
dry well: An underground structure (for example, a pit filled with gravel) that disposes of unwanted water (most commonly surface runoff and stormwater and in some cases greywater) by holding it and dissipating it into the groundwater.
necklift: Plastic surgery to the neck to remove wrinkles, fat or other signs of aging.
Sanatani: a Hindu
Sanatani: a traditionalist Hindu
wych-elm: Alternative form of wych elm
bat wing: Alternative spelling of batwing
bat-wing: Alternative spelling of batwing
poofster: Alternative form of poofter
flirtery: flirtation
dart gun: An gun, typically an air rifle, that fires a dart, usually tipped with a hypodermic needle.
dart gun: A toy gun, usually spring-loaded, that fires a plastic or foam dart.
H0 scale: Alternative form of HO scale
naïfness: Alternative form of naiveness
Gangajal: The water from the river Ganga, considered holy in Hinduism.
roundell: Obsolete form of roundel.
kujawiak: A Polish folk dance in triple meter, from the Kujawy region.
crayweed: A species of brown algae, Phyllospora comosa, that forms extensive underwater forests, native to the coastal waters of eastern Australia.
crayboat: A boat used to catch crayfish, especially commercially.
crawchie: An Australian species of freshwater crayfish, Cherax destructor; a yabby.
Marsican: A native or inhabitant of Marsica.
domicide: The deliberate destruction of a home or homes.
lesboism: lesbianism
dossière: The backplate of a cuirass; an item of plate armor covering the back.
craybait: Bait used to catch crayfish.
coinbase: The transaction that is automatically created in every Bitcoin block to reward the miner.
woolcomb: A comb used for wool.
gothling: A young or new goth (member of the gothic subculture).
arsewash: Nonsense.
womanese: Women's way of speaking.
silorane: Any of a class of resin-based composites with minimized shrinkage during polymerization; a combination of siloxanes (known for hydrophilicity) and oxiranes (known for low shrinkage and stability).
splayleg: A disease of pigs in which the legs are splayed because of a myopathy.
konshugo: A loanblend in Japanese.
Trumpoid: A supporter of Donald Trump.
Instamom: A mother who runs an Instagram account focused on her child/children or motherhood in general.
upsherin: In some Jewish cultures, a ceremony for a three-year-old boy's first haircut, or the haircut itself.
Instamum: Alternative spelling of Instamom.
rank sum: The sum of ranks of members of a sample population
Instadad: A father who runs an Instagram account focused on his child/children or fatherhood in general.
neocohen: A neoconservative.
ladihood: Alternative spelling of ladyhood
ladyness: Alternative spelling of ladiness
ladiness: The quality of being a lady.
gigabuck: A billion dollars.
rewardee: One who is rewarded.
spincast: A kind of fishing reel that is thrown from a fixed spool but eliminates the large wire bail and line roller of the spinning reel in favour of one or two simple pickup pins and a metal cup to wind the line on the spool.
Nasirism: Alternative form of Nasserism
cat unit: A unit of measure for chemicals, the dose lethal to a cat.
lowstand: An interval during which the sea level was below the edge of a continental shelf
dropwing: Any of various species of libellulid dragonfly of the genus Trithemis, endemic to Africa and Asia, that lower their wings when perched.
belt bag: Synonym of fanny pack
roadhead: The end of a road.
Big Tech: The presently four or five largest, most dominant, and most prestigious companies in the information technology industry of the United States.
pænumbra: Obsolete and rare spelling of penumbra
big tech: Alternative form of Big Tech
fasolada: A Greek, Mediterranean, and Cypriot soup of beans, olive oil, and vegetables.
chumpaun: Alternative form of jampan
chumpala: Alternative form of jampan
kittisal: Alternative form of kittysol
thwackee: One who receives a thwack.
kettisol: Alternative form of kittysol
stridhan: Alternative form of stridhana
air horn: Alternative form of airhorn
micawber: Alternative letter-case form of Micawber; a person of modest income or background who remains optimistic that their situation will improve.
Putinite: A supporter of Putin or of his policies.
jiangjun: A Chinese general.
lambadar: Alternative form of lumberdar
freakjob: A crazy, possibly dangerous, person.
botcinin: Any of a group of botcinolides
brainrot: Alternative spelling of brain rot
darkskin: A black person who has relatively dark-coloured skin.
darshana: Alternative form of darshan
lamester: A person or animal that is lame (unable to walk properly or moving with pain); one who limps.
lamester: A person who fails to be cool, interesting or relevant.
datemark: A marking that indicates a date.
decemuir: Obsolete form of decemvir.
deckload: An amount of cargo carried on the deck of a ship.
ziomedia: Alternative form of Ziomedia
gap-fill: Alternative form of gap fill.
gap fill: Synonym of fill in the blank.
findomme: A female dominant who practices financial domination.
pinosaur: A pine tree or pine tree-like plant of a species that has existed for a very long time, particularly the Wollemi pine.
vasicine: A quinazoline alkaloid found in Justicia adhatoda and Peganum harmala.
peganine: Synonym of vasicine
air kick: a kicking movement with the body of the person in the air usually after jumping up from the ground.
Mazepite: A follower or supporter of Ivan Mazepa.
wolf cut: A heavily layered hairstyle with a rough appearance.
mazepite: Alternative form of Mazepite
ectocone: The outer cusp on the teeth of the radula in a gastropod.
myzomela: Any bird in genus Myzomela.
basemean: The mean (average) of the dispersion of a gene
sompoton: A woodwind instrument made of bamboo, used by indigenous people in Borneo.
biotrack: The track left by a biological organism as it moves
footplay: footwork
footplay: footsie
footplay: Sexual activity or play involving the feet
gwonbeop: A set of unarmed combat techniques in Korean martial arts.
nyu hafu: Alternative form of newhalf
duskarma: A misdeed, sinful action, vice or wrong.
bonefire: Obsolete spelling of bonfire
bilectal: Such a person
cocksack: The scrotum.
cocksack: A term of abuse.
cocksack: Clothing that covers the scrotum in a manner similar to a codpiece.
headbump: A light nudge or bump done with the head as an affectionate gesture, typically by an animal.
headbump: A naturally-occurring bump on the cranium, especially as analyzed in phrenology.
fine cut: The final stage of editing of a film, focusing on minor details that may have been missed previously.
pisachee: A female demon.
partzyme: A fragment of an enzyme
unmating: The process of something being unmated.
artpiece: A piece of art; artwork.
floranol: The vasorelaxant chromenone derivative (2R,3R)-3,5,7-trihydroxy-2-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-6-methoxy-8-(3-methylbut-2-enyl)-2,3-dihydrochromen-4-one
Marchfly: Alternative form of March fly
uplooker: One who gazes upward.
westaboo: A non-Western person (especially a Japanese national) who is obsessed with Western culture and media.
clorixin: The disinfectant chlorhexidine
pram bug: Any amphipod of genus Phronima.
Sarikoli: An Eastern Iranian language spoken by the Tajiks of China.
Sarikoli: A member of a subgroup of the Pamiris that speaks the Sarikoli language.
porkfest: A period or event that is dedicated to pork and the eating of pork items (sausages, bacon etc).
porkfest: A gathering with many more men than women; a sausage party.
palmload: A handful
palmload: The amount of something which can be held in one's palm of their hand.
palmload: A lot
blandoid: A bland, uninteresting person.
playtron: A paying visitor to a Renaissance fair who adopts historical costume and mannerisms but is not an official cast member.
pagodane: An organic compound with the chemical formula C₂₀H₂₀.
pagodane: Any of a family of compounds whose molecular skeletons have the same 16-carbon central cage as the basic compound.
outwaste: A remote wasteland.
outwaste: Waste or detritus left behind (e.g. by a glacier)
outwaste: The infrastructure for the removal of waste material.
scuzzoid: A dirtbag; a lowlife.
proghead: A fan of progressive rock music.
trashion: Clothing and decorations created from used, thrown-out, found and repurposed elements.
rumhound: A drunkard who drinks rum.
katagana: Archaic form of katakana.
hirakana: Archaic form of hiragana.
firagana: Archaic form of hiragana.
subathon: A live stream (especially on Twitch) intended to gain subscribers, especially one whose duration is extended every time the streamer receives a subscription.
Balkaner: A person from the Balkans.
truthset: A set of all true values
Bombarde: A powerful, brassy reed stop on an organ of 8', 16' or 32'.
winberry: Alternative form of whimberry
fraochan: Alternative form of fraughan
wimberry: Alternative form of whimberry
fraughan: The bilberry or whortleberry (Vaccinium myrtillus).
Setsubun: A Japanese festival on the last day before spring.
shukumei: Fate, destiny.
kanrinin: A custodian
dickskin: The visibility of veins on the skin of a well-developed muscular body.
barn egg: An egg produced by a hen allowed to roam within a barn.
koromika: Dated form of koromiko.
kooliman: A trough-like vessel for holding water, made from stringybark by the Aboriginal Australians.
kroushka: Alternative form of krouchka (“Russian liquid measure”)
krobylos: An ancient Athenian hairstyle in which the hair was rolled up into a kind of knot on the crown of the head, and fastened with golden clasps in the shape of grasshoppers.
kulakism: The condition or state of the kulaks.
krouchka: An old Russian liquid measure, one tenth of a vedro.
kolokolo: A kind of string made from coconut fiber, used in Tuvalu.
A.D.H.D.: Alternative spelling of ADHD (“attention deficit hyperactivity disorder”)
piemento: Archaic spelling of pimento.
nazicrat: Alternative letter-case form of Nazicrat
Nazicrat: A Democrat.
amredita: A compound consisting of the same word repeated with the first occurrence accented, used to express repetitiveness.
upsettal: The act of something being upset or overturned.
cup moth: A moth of the family Limacodidae.
bondomer: An isomer that differs from another by having a different number, type or position of bonds
Byronist: A proponent of Byronism.
khushtar: A bowed stringed instrument from the Uyghur Region of China, having four strings in four courses.
urn tree: Eucalyptus urnigera, a Tasmanian tree with urn-shaped fruit.
usualism: Something that is usual, or employed in the usual way; a norm.
upstrike: A kind of early typewriter whose typebar falls back into position under gravity after typing each character, with the disadvantage that typed characters are not immediately visible.
demilich: A type of lich, a type of undead.
mempachi: Alternative form of menpachi
menpachi: A soldierfish.
hot band: A big band playing rhythmic, assertive music.
box crab: Any of the crabs of the genus Calappa.
headover: A knitted garment worn on the head, somewhat like a balaclava.
bargraph: Alternative form of bar graph
hurcarra: Alternative form of harkara
hurcurra: Alternative form of harkara
hurkurah: Alternative form of harkara
hercarra: Alternative form of harkara
halcarra: Alternative form of harkara
hircurra: Alternative form of harkara
hurcarah: Alternative form of harkara
lardiner: An officer originally charged with overseeing a larder, but who later became a sinecurist.
chakazzi: Alternative form of chakazi (“variety of copal”)
lancaran: A kind of sailing ship used in Maritime Southeast Asia, propelled by oars and sails with two quarter rudders, one on either side of the stern.
lancaran: In gamelan music, a cycle of 16 beats in the sequence TWTN TPTN TPTN TPTG, where T indicates the strike of the ketuk, P the kempul, N the kenong, G the simultaneous gong and kenong, and W the wela, the pause where the kempul is omitted.
houswife: Obsolete form of housewife.
malvesie: Alternative form of malvoisie
queenpin: The most important female person in an undertaking or organization.
greatbow: A giant bow; a longbow.
web shop: Alternative spelling of webshop
bluecrab: Alternative form of blue crab
tredmill: Archaic form of treadmill.
Tanzhaus: A late Middle Ages Jewish European dancehall
capekino: Superhero movies, especially those of high cinematic quality.
late fee: A fee charged by a library for the late return of an item
domesiah: Alternative form of domsiah
Duginist: A proponent of Duginism.
non-WASP: One who is not a WASP (White Anglo-Saxon Protestant).
pop wine: Any kind of cheap, low-alcohol wine with an artificial fruity taste
pourdown: A downpour
hangment: The devil; the dickens; mischief.
Kalbelia: A member of a tribe from the Thar Desert in Rajasthan, India, known for their snake charming dance.
madogram: A form of variogram that plots the mean absolute deviation.
risallah: Alternative form of ressala
Guardist: Synonym of Iron Guardist
anancine: Any of the extinct genus Anancus of elephantoid proboscideans native to Afro-Eurasia.
disparid: Any member of the clade Disparida of extinct marine animals.
creeking: The sport of descending very steep, low-volume whitewater in a canoe or kayak.
creolism: The mixed ancestry of a Creole person.
creolism: A word or phrase that is characteristic of a creole.
farm cat: A domestic cat, usually of a mixed breed, that lives primarily outdoors, in a feral or semiferal condition on agricultural properties and is expected to provide pest control by hunting rodents.
barn cat: Synonym of farm cat
octaples: Synonym of octapla.
gift tax: The tax on money or property that one living person or corporate entity gives to another
hot comb: A comb that is heated (sometimes electrically) and used to straighten a person's hair.
land tax: A levy on the value of land without regard to buildings, personal property and other improvements
one-cold: A set of bits with only a single low (0) bit, with the remaining bits high (1).
durbrain: Alternative spelling of der-brain
ungenius: A person who is not a genius.
ungenius: Lack of genius.
agrocity: A city designed around the practice of agriculture.
cempedak: Alternative form of chempedak
foyalite: A fine-grained Plutonic syenite made up of orthoclase, nepheline, hornblende, and accessory mica, sodalite, zircon, noselite, and pyroxene.
duckroll: A bait-and-switch Internet prank involving the sharing of a link that leads to a picture of a duck on wheels instead of what is claimed.
furriend: A pet
idiocity: Idiocy.
idiocity: An idiotic statement or action.
facehole: The mouth.
post-box: Alternative spelling of post box
metacell: A (population of) nucleic acid profiles of individual or groups of cells
bodyache: A generalised ache that affects (most of) the whole body
idiotacy: Idiocy.
idiotacy: An idiotic statement or action.
idioticy: Idiocy.
idioticy: An idiotic statement or action.
log-book: Alternative form of logbook
Goberian: A mixed breed dog that is a cross between the Golden Retriever and Siberian Husky.
spin-top: Synonym of spinning top
macronym: An acronym having a letter that stands for another acronym.
draftage: A fee charged on a small proportion of the dry weight of certain types of goods being shipped.
kynology: Alternative form of cynology
e-casino: Synonym of cybercasino
antisine: Synonym of arcsine
antimins: A rectangular piece of linen or silk, usually decorated with religious emblems and inscriptions, and containing a small relic of a martyr.
niacytin: A form of niacin that is bound up in a complex with hemicellulose and thus nutritionally unavailable.
unverity: Untruth; falsehood.
unverity: A value equal to 1 minus the truth value of a statement.
clotshot: An administration of a COVID vaccination, resulting in unexpected and untimely blood clots.
pokeyman: Alternative letter-case form of Pokeyman.
edgotype: A node or edge in an interactome network
tech-bro: Alternative form of tech bro
Pokeyman: A Pokémon.
swopover: Alternative form of swapover
hamstery: A place where hamsters are bred.
urobiome: A microbiome of the urinary tract
Mujibism: The political philosophy and ideology exemplified by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.
Shahbagi: A liberal or a leftist; in Bangladeshi politics, one who favours a secular society
Shahbagi: An ardent left-wing netizen, especially an atheist or Islamophobe
truehood: a true statement; a truth.
truehood: the property of being true; truth.
mole-rat: Any of several small rodents in taxonomic families Bathyergidae, Heterocephalidae and Spalacidae.
pup play: The sexual practice of role-playing as a young dog.
housepig: A pet pig that is usually kept indoors in one's home.
Covidian: Alternative letter-case form of COVIDian
demonkin: Someone who identifies as a demon or demon-like being.
covidian: Alternative letter-case form of COVIDian
cholagog: Alternative form of cholagogue
mediakin: Synonym of fictionkin.
phialful: Enough to fill a phial.
phenoxid: Archaic form of phenoxide.
cobleman: A fisherman who uses a coble.
Toledoan: A native or inhabitant of Toledo, Ohio, United States.
coldslaw: Archaic form of coleslaw.
coracler: A boatman who uses a coracle.
cornbird: A bird, the crested oropendola (Psarocolius decumanus).
cresegol: The potassium salt of cresol-sulfonic acid, used as a surgical disinfectant.
cusinero: The cook who prepares meals from a chuck wagon.
hacklike: A subgenre of roguelikes, characterized by persistent dungeons, little equipment upgrade path, large inventory size, single screen dungeon size, and towns without supplies.
Kydonian: Alternative form of Cydonian
mini-gun: Alternative form of minigun
mini-gun: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see mini, gun.
Cydonian: A native or inhabitant of Cydonia.
pro shop: A shop at a sports club that sells equipment, often run by a professional in that sport
pub grub: pub food; meals typically found in a pub
alt.1der: A participant in the Usenet newsgroup alt.1d.
cow meat: The meat of a cow; beef.
zwastika: A Z letter used by Russian nationalists, usually to support Vladimir Putin or the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
zwastika: Obsolete spelling of swastika
chocadar: Alternative form of chaukidar
poysoner: Obsolete form of poisoner.
Guickwar: Alternative form of Gaekwad
jaumpaun: Alternative form of jampan
chokadar: Alternative form of chaukidar
smoke-in: A peaceful form of protest in support of cannabis rights or the legalization of cannabis
hill rat: A prospector.
man-meat: Human flesh consumed as meat.
man-meat: An attractive, sexually-enticing man, or a group of such men.
man-meat: A man's penis.
bonyness: Alternative form of boniness
bonyness: Obsolete form of bonniness.
tashlikh: A ritual practiced on Rosh Hashanah of throwing pieces of bread into a body of water, symbolically disposing of one's sins.
B.A.S.E.: Alternative form of BASE
cryolava: ice-volcanic melt from a cryovolcano
tabanuco: Synonym of candlewood (“the tree Dacryodes excelsa”)
tailband: An endband attached to the bottom of the spine of a book.
testbank: A collection of test questions and/or tests; a databank full of such items.
tail-off: A gradual diminution.
agaricin: an organic tricarboxylic acid (fatty acid) found in fungi
ghooting: A kind of inferior limestone.
wet weed: Marijuana infused with phencyclidine (PCP) or formaldehyde.
birdweed: Any of certain species of plants of the genus Polygonum, especially
birdweed: Any of certain species of plants of the genus Polygonum, especially
birdweed: Polygonum aviculare (common knotgrass)
Bimmeler: Synonym of Zoarite
beerpull: Alternative form of beer pull
fetucide: Alternative spelling of feticide.
accretal: An accretion.
allthorn: The plant Koeberlinia spinosa.
alicoche: Any of various cacti of the genus Echinocereus.
alstonin: Alternative form of alstonine
dip tube: A tube in a boiler that directs incoming cold water to the bottom of the tank, to be heated.
Amakhosa: Alternative form of Amakosa
bush fly: A blow fly of the family Calliphoridae.
wokeling: A proponent of social-justice causes or beliefs.
wokerati: Social-justice activists or woke people as a collective.
lavashak: Persian fruit leather.
catridge: Pronunciation spelling of cartridge.
patridge: Alternative form of partridge
bog body: A human cadaver that has been naturally mummified in a peat bog.
aporphin: Alternative form of aporphine
Aquinist: A follower of Thomas Aquinas.
Aquinism: The philosophy and theology of Thomas Aquinas.
aptyalia: Reduced secretion of saliva.
Aranyaka: Any part of the ancient Indian Vedas concerned with the meaning of ritual sacrifice.
ararauna: A blue-and-yellow macaw (Ara ararauna).
salikase: An enzyme capable of hydrolyzing salicin to dextrose and saligenin.
Mundrucu: Archaic form of Munduruku.
Arapahoe: Archaic form of Arapaho (“member of a Native American people”).
handnail: Synonym of fingernail
arsenism: arsenic poisoning
bazuband: An item of armor or jewelry historically worn over the upper or lower arm, especially in Persia; an armguard.
Asherite: A descendant of Asher, eighth son of Jacob.
Asherite: A descendant or member of the tribe of Asher.
octopawn: A board game played with four pawns on each side of a 4×4 board.
tong war: A conflict between rival Chinese-American gangs.
hexapawn: A board game played with three pawns on each side of a 3×3 board.
atheizer: One who atheizes.
astigmic: Archaic form of astigmatic.
squashee: A person or thing that is squashed.
iteratee: In functional programming, a composable abstraction for incrementally processing sequentially-presented chunks of data in a purely functional fashion.
aurresku: A traditional Basque dance.
aurrescu: Alternative form of aurresku
datamine: The act or result of datamining.
autosled: A motorized sled.
avadhuta: In some Indian religions, a kind of mystic or guru who has gone beyond common worldly concerns and acts without consideration for social etiquette.
languist: Misconstruction of linguist.
Democunt: A Democrat.
santouri: Alternative form of santur
Democrap: A Democrat.
prætence: Obsolete spelling of pretence
pædantry: Obsolete spelling of pedantry
tunester: One who writes or performs a tune; a musician.
Turkeman: Alternative form of Turcoman
fuck-you: Alternative form of fuck you (as a noun)
turnaway: The situation where a potential customer is turned away because their needs cannot be accommodated.
triratna: A Buddhist symbol.
Tshobdun: a rGyalrong language spoken in China.
Asianism: An Ancient Greek rhetorical tendency that arose in the third century BC, favouring emotion, bombast and wordplay over austere formality, and distinguished by the use of a prose rhythm.
Asianism: A behaviour or utterance that is characteristic of Asian people.
Maithila: Alternative form of Maithil.
handpull: A beer pull.
Amishman: A male member of the Amish.
tankhood: The state of being fully tanklike.
paperbag: Alternative form of paper bag
cork tip: an early type of cigarette tip
man camp: a temporary settlement created to house workers in resource extraction projects
Alouette: A player for Canadian Football League's Montreal Alouettes.
aracanga: The scarlet macaw.
duckwing: Any of various types of chicken noted for their triangular wing patch
mer-wolf: Alternative form of merwolf
flanning: The internal flare of a window jamb, or of a fireplace; an embrasure; coving.
britchen: Alternative form of breeching (“component of horse harness or tack, to hold back a vehicle”)
cavvyard: Alternative form of cavyard
tigernut: Alternative form of tiger nut
houlihan: A kind of lasso throw.
chubbing: The deliberate use of discussion and debate to delay legislative proceedings.
pelvitis: Inflammation of the pelvis.
colalgia: pain in the colon
coltpixy: Alternative form of coltpixie
Mexicunt: A Mexican.
Ye'kwana: Synonym of Maquiritari (“A speaker of this language or member of a tribe that speaks it”).
pishtaku: Alternative form of pishtaco
seed oil: A form of edible oil extracted from seeds.
tamalada: A gathering to eat tamales
codetext: An encoded form of a message, as opposed to plaintext.
nurseman: A man employed to care for children.
show dog: A dog that is entered into a dog show, or a dog which has been specially bred, trained, and groomed to conform to the specifications of a dog show.
mashwort: wort that is not separated from the grains
meatsafe: Alternative form of meat safe
Araucano: Alternative form of Araucanian
shebeast: A despicable or disagreeable woman.
erebosis: A form of cell death found in the fruit fly gut that is part of homeostasis
colatard: Alternative letter-case form of COLAtard.
traybody: The flat bed of a truck on which goods are loaded.
hardwear: Misspelling of hardware.
cavortin: A plasma protein found in the Pacific oyster (Magallana gigas).
Cubalaya: A Cuban breed of domestic chicken.
hivemate: A bee (or other creature) that occupies the same hive as another.
muniscin: Any of a certain family of proteins involved in clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
falltime: The period or season of fall or autumn.
Bonosian: A supporter of Bonosus' religious views.
ferruler: A person employed to make or fit ferrules.
fleaweed: A plant, the lady's bedstraw (Galium verum).
flapcake: flapjack; pancake
floramor: Obsolete form of floramour.
flatweed: Hypochaeris radicata, a low-lying edible perennial herb often found in lawns.
Freudist: Alternative form of Freudianist
frillery: frilly ornamentation
good boi: A dog, especially one that is beloved or cute.
chalukah: Alternative form of halukka
halukkah: Alternative form of halukka
handblow: A blow struck with the hand.
hapalote: The jumping mouse.
heighday: Alternative form of heyday
Taipeian: A native or resident of Taipei.
nob-head: Alternative form of knobhead
Herulian: A member of the Heruli (an early Germanic people).
nob head: Alternative form of knobhead
higglery: The trade or goods of a higgler.
hightoby: Alternative form of high toby
toby box: A box containing fibre optic microducts etc., set into the street ready for connection to a property.
moss bug: Any bug of the suborder Coleorrhyncha, which feed on moss.
friaress: A female friar.
bimbodom: The realm or sphere of bimbos.
bactrine: Any leaf roller or tortrix moth of the tribe Bactrini.
Bidenist: A supporter of American politician and US president Joe Biden.
Bidenist: Of or pertaining to Bidenism.
renminpi: Alternative form of renminbi
aethrian: Any noctuoid moth in the genus Aethria.
orthagan: Any pyralid moth of the genus Orthaga.
guitalin: A musical instrument that is a hybrid between a banjo and a mandolin (despite its name).
corflute: A sign made of corrugated plastic, especially for electioneering.
baditude: Bad attitude.
metzitza: a procedure performed in Rabbinic Judaism after the Jewish ritual of brit milah (covenent cut) following the two added steps of priya (uncovering) and circumcision (circle-cut) mandated by the Gelmud in 500 CE: in this 3rd extra step a mohel uses his mouth to suck blood from the penis of the male (usually a baby) he just uncovered and circumcised, drawing the blood from the wound where the prepuce (foreskin) was amputated.
kept boy: Synonym of kept man
red moki: Cheilodactylus spectabilis, a species of Australo-Zealandic moki fish.
faschism: Misspelling of fascism.
halitzah: A rite by which a widow absolves herself of the duty of levirate marriage.
faschist: Misspelling of fascist.
inaccess: Lack of access.
lavat'ry: Pronunciation spelling of lavatory.
majoress: A female major.
majoress: The wife of a major.
blobplot: A scatter plot that has circles (of varying size) instead of points.
dayawism: Synonym of anitism
pin deck: The section of the lane on which the pins are set.
fiercity: The quality of being fierce.
echalion: Synonym of banana shallot
Nerdview: The implication that professional training, and its related socialization, often result in a distortion of an individual's worldview.
xdresser: Abbreviation of cross-dresser.
year out: gap year; sabbatical year
duckdive: Alternative form of duck dive
spanglet: A small spangle
snoburbs: The suburbs, particularly those which are affluent.
arcanity: The quality of being arcane.
arcanity: Something that is arcane.
xmission: Abbreviation of transmission.
mongress: Alternative form of mongeress
yuzuquat: A fruit that is a hybrid of yuzu and kumquat.
Tequesta: A member of a Native American tribe which, at the time of first European contact, occupied an area along the southeastern Atlantic coast of Florida.
kedgaree: Alternative form of kedgeree
body kit: A set of modified body parts or additional components to be installed on a stock car.
oömycete: Rare spelling of oomycete.
trichery: Cheating; trickery.
foregaze: A gaze that is forward or beforehand.
terpenyl: Any univalent radical derived from a terpene
mutinery: Mutiny.
skypunch: Synonym of fallstreak hole
verquere: A board game related to backgammon.
push net: A fishing net designed to be pushed through shallow waters to catch shrimps and small fish.
fleshbag: A human or human body, as opposed to a robot or incorporeal being.
rolamite: A simple machine consisting of a stressed metal band and counter-rotating rollers within an enclosure, used in low-friction bearings etc.
xuanhuan: A genre of fiction that mixes Chinese folklore with modern elements.
rosebowl: An often ornamental transparent bowl for the display of flowers.
takkanah: A law created by the rabbis not derived from Biblical commandments.
chundole: A kind of large palanquin.
horselet: A young or little horse; foal; pony.
mageship: The state or position of a mage.
mageship: A term of address to a mage.
malaxage: The process of malaxating.
mainboom: The boom (spar) of the mainsail.
acouasma: Alternative form of acouasm
melikdom: The territory of a melik.
cybernet: Short for cybernetwork.
starrise: The time of day or night when a given star appears above the horizon.
noctuine: Any moth in the subfamily Noctuinae
stercome: An extracellular pellet of waste material produced by some groups of foraminiferans.
faggoter: Alternative form of fagoter
flancard: Alternative form of flanchard
kinder 2: Alternative spelling of kinder two
kinder 1: Alternative spelling of kinder one
kohukohu: Synonym of kohuhu (“the tree Pittosporum tenuifolium”)
tawhiwhi: Synonym of kohuhu (“the tree Pittosporum tenuifolium”)
prasadam: Alternative form of prasada
rose box: A perforated box attached to the input pipe of a bilge pump, to trap any solid material that might otherwise clog the pump.
pyrotron: A magnetic mirror.
pyrotron: A notional subatomic particle invented to explain cases of human spontaneous combustion.
preaudit: An audit carried out in advance.
pincheck: A kind of sturdy cotton cloth with a dot pattern.
pondscum: Alternative form of pond scum
Saperavi: A Georgian dry red wine.
praecoma: Alternative form of precoma
spithole: Euphemistic form of shithole.
spithole: One's mouth.
Slim Jim: A British Rail Class 33/2 locomotive.
nazarite: Alternative letter-case form of Nazarite
NIMBYish: Alternative letter-case form of nimbyish
hands-in: A show of unity and usually optimism at the end of an informal huddle of players whereby the players simultaneously extend a hand horizontally towards the center of the circle and then raise their hands in the air with a short team chant.
intuiter: One who intuits.
huaracho: Alternative form of huarache (“Mexican sandal”)
hetairia: Alternative form of hetaera
undesign: The act or process of deliberately undesigning.
goldsize: Alternative form of gold size
gunhouse: The rotating part of a gun turret seen above deck.
jump-off: Alternative form of jumpoff
webmaven: An expert on a topic who provides advice via the World Wide Web.
minorite: Alternative letter-case form of Minorite: a Franciscan.
loo-roll: Alternative form of loo roll
golfwear: Clothing for playing golf in.
girl goo: Synonym of pussy juice
pressrun: The number of copies of a publication printed at one time.
jilaudar: A servant who leads a horse.
serpeych: Alternative form of sarpech
uchastok: An administrative division of the Russian Empire and Russian SFSR.
orgygoer: Alternative form of orgy-goer.
rauening: obsolete typography of ravening
pit beef: Roast beef, commonly top round cuts, cooked quickly over a charcoal fire, then thinly sliced and served on a kaiser roll with tiger sauce and sliced raw onion.
grubbery: A basic restaurant or cookshop.
minifuge: A small centrifuge
forkload: A generous forkful.
yoga bag: A long bag for carrying a rolled-up yoga mat.
backwall: Alternative form of back wall
Wallaroo: Someone who plays for the Australia women's national rugby union team.
body mic: A small, hands-free microphone which is worn attached to the body or clothes.
vedutist: Alternative form of vedutista (“landscape painter”)
planigon: A convex polygon that can fill the plane with only copies of itself.
waveicle: Alternative form of wavicle
metapoet: A writer of metapoetry.
dotiness: The quality of being doty.
reranker: A program or algorithm that reranks.
gobshell: A glob of saliva and/or phlegm projected out of a person's mouth.
arsehood: The state or quality of being an arse.
ansafone: Alternative form of answerphone
mud duck: The northern shoveler (Spatula clypeata).
mud duck: An unattractive woman.
biochild: A biological child.
sternity: The quality of being stern.
sawnwork: Design made by cutting with a jigsaw, often elaborately.
statline: The statistics of a given player, as recorded in a line in a table
picotech: Abbreviation of picotechnology.
coldbeer: A cold beer.
woke-ism: Alternative form of wokeism
air host: A male flight attendant; a steward.
bluetick: A coonhound of a certain breed originating in the United States,
Big Foot: Alternative form of Bigfoot
neo-coon: Alternative spelling of neocoon
Mexishit: A Mexican (a person from Mexico).
fan cast: An individual that has been fan cast.
Mexicoon: A Mexican (a person from Mexico).
Mexicoon: A person of mixed Mexican and black descent.
spinnach: Obsolete spelling of spinach
Patuxent: A member of an Algonquian people indigenous to what is now the Mid-Atlantic United States.
dish pit: The dishwashing area in a restaurant.
biochore: A group of similar biotopes.
cat-walk: Alternative form of catwalk
cat-head: Alternative form of cathead
cat-lick: A quick wash.
cat-trap: A device designed to trap a feral cat, often employed in the Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program.
misawite: δ-FeOOH, a compound said to be found on the iron pillar of Delhi
bluepill: Alternative form of blue pill
bulls**t: Censored spelling of bullshit.
con-scan: Abbreviation of conical scanning.
dishsoap: Alternative form of dish soap
wild-cat: Alternative form of wildcat
nol-kohl: Alternative form of nol-kole
masalchi: Alternative form of mussaulchee
nol-kole: kohlrabi
kusumbha: Alternative form of coosumba
coosumba: safflower
rushdown: In fighting games, a strategy that aims to overwhelm the opponent through speed and aggression.
Bassador: A dog of a breed resulting from breeding the basset hound and the Labrador retriever.
sirpeach: Alternative form of sarpech
surpaish: Alternative form of sarpech
poinyard: Obsolete form of poniard.
baggonet: Obsolete form of bayonet.
namesign: A special sign in sign language that uniquely identifies an individual person.
mijakite: An andesite from the Japanese island of Mijakeshima, porphyritic with phenocrysts of bytownite, augite, hypersthene, and biotite.
metalism: Alternative form of metallism
the arse: A rejection; the termination of a relationship, especially employment.
chromoly: A kind of steel alloy containing some chromium and molybdenum.
Sidhuism: A characteristic one-liner spoken by the Indian cricket commentator Navjot Singh Sidhu (born 1963).
zetacism: A sound change converting a consonant into /z/, the voiced alveolar sibilant.
zetacism: The lack of a sound change in a language when languages in the same family undergo rhotacism.
grisgris: Alternative form of gris-gris
dedushka: A Russian grandfather.
dedushka: A Russian old man.
yannigan: A rookie.
Sussexer: A native or inhabitant of Sussex.
cuesheet: Alternative spelling of cue sheet
scrummer: A player who takes part in a scrum.
cicinnus: Alternative form of cincinnus
bodygasm: A sensation like an orgasm that affects the whole body.
comatula: A feather star of the genus Comatula.
woodtick: Alternative form of wood tick
Kashgari: A person from, or an inhabitant of, Kashgar.
Bugandan: A native or inhabitant of Buganda.
Kumandin: A member of a Turkic indigenous people of Siberia.
dehestan: An administrative division of Iran.
cog mill: A large horizontal cogwheel turned by oxen or horses.
fetisher: A fetishist.
resealer: One who or that which reseals.
whismore: The African flowering tree Heritiera utilis.
Eskibeat: An early form of grime music based around themes of anger and isolation.
cecaelia: A composite mythical being, combining the head, arms and torso of a woman (more rarely a man) and, from the lower torso down, the tentacles of an octopus or squid as a form of mermaid or sea demon.
peel tab: A small non-adhesive portion of an adhesive label, allowing it to be removed more easily from its backing sheet.
Yahuskin: A member of a certain band of the Klamath people.
heelpalm: Alternative form of heel-palm
nip-slip: Alternative form of nip slip
dust bag: Alternative spelling of dustbag
flipcard: Synonym of flashcard (“card to aid memorization, with a cue on one side and a response on the other”)
coersion: Misspelling of coercion.
Nazi bar: A space in which bigots or extremists have come to dominate due to a lack of moderation or by moderators wishing to remain neutral or avoid conflict.
cow dung: Alternative spelling of cowdung
cow-dung: Alternative spelling of cowdung
cockwipe: Term of abuse.
cuntwipe: Term of abuse.
bikeroad: A bikeway that is separate from both street and footpath, especially one that is wide enough to accommodate two-way bike traffic.
3d party: Alternative form of third party
dicknose: Term of abuse.
dickwipe: Term of abuse.
2d party: Alternative form of second party
fat knot: A thick roll of dollar bills; a bankroll.
subdrama: A drama that makes up part of a larger drama.
oralcare: The care and hygiene of the mouth.
twitface: An avid user of social media.
Wiccatru: A person who practices this form of Asatru.
nonpause: Absence of a pause.
ball-gag: Alternative form of ball gag
muckiter: Alternative form of muckender
mockador: Alternative form of muckender
wagework: Work done to earn a wage.
washshed: A shed used for washing.
ravishee: One who is ravished.
moletrap: A trap designed to catch moles (the animals).
hoarness: The quality of being hoar.
Hardyism: An attitude or utterance characteristic of the English novelist and poet Thomas Hardy.
Kankanai: Alternative form of Kankanaey
kappland: An old Swedish unit of area, equivalent to 154.3 m² (1,661 sq ft).
katalase: Alternative form of catalase
antimens: Alternative form of antimins
Britbong: A British person.
mucopexy: Plication of a mucosa, such as rectopexy or colpopexy.
deershit: The excrement of a deer.
Goldador: Alternative form of goldador
hellbrew: A horrible liquid mixture.
hellbrew: A hellish mess.
fujobait: An anime, manga, or other piece of media created to appeal to fujoshi.
fujoshit: A fujoshi.
Mutawālī: Alternative form of Mutawali
Mutawali: Lebanese Twelver Shiite
wheyness: The quality of being wheylike.
splittie: A split rim.
pookhaun: Alternative form of pookaun
rotovape: Alternative form of rotovap
McWorker: An employee at a low-paying, entry-level job.
vassalty: Synonym of vassaldom (“state of being a vassal; vassalhood”)
vassalty: Synonym of vassaldom (“realm of a vassal”)
tootsune: Alternative form of tootsoon
madhhabi: A Muslim who follows a madhhab.
ramen-ya: Alternative form of ramenya
sporkful: The amount that a spork will hold.
fluteful: The amount that a flute (type of glass) will hold.
archfool: An extremely foolish person.
rose bug: Synonym of rose chafer (“Cetonia aurata”)
rose bug: Synonym of rose chafer (“Macrodactylus subspinosus”)
strawful: Enough to fill a drinking straw.
CRAPTCHA: CAPTCHA.
arahuana: Alternative form of arowana (“type of fish”)
nonloser: One who is not a loser (of a contest, or of body weight, etc.).
idrialin: A mineral wax obtained by distillation of idrialite.
inkmaker: A manufacturer of ink.
Gangtide: Rogation Week.
gametype: A type of game.
prefeast: A feast held before an event.
mom test: A method of asking open-ended questions to consumers about a product or business idea, in order to gain honest feedback.
comitaji: Alternative spelling of comitadji
psoralea: Any of the plants of the genus Psoralea.
juke box: Less common spelling of jukebox
go stone: the black and white stones used in the game of Go
knowlege: Obsolete spelling of knowledge
potycary: Obsolete form of apothecary.
kukujiao: Alternative spelling of ku ku jiao
drug run: A trip made, often late at night, to obtain illegal narcotics.
hindlock: A tress or lock of an individual's hair that covers the hind-part of the head.
hindlock: An animal's, particularly a horse's, tail.
velarity: The quality of being a velar sound (a sound articulated at the velum or soft palate).
makarism: A statement that someone or something is blessed, happy, fortunate, or is to be honored or congratulated; a beatitude, as in the Sermon on the Mount. Used for Hebrew and Greek statements, a technical term in the academic literature of Judaism and Christianity.
softtail: A bird of the Thripophaga genus
greeniac: One who is overly obsessed with being friendly to the environment.
shith**d: Censored spelling of shithead.
chorizzo: Eye dialect spelling of chorizo.
choritso: Pronunciation spelling of chorizo.
blue oak: Quercus douglasii, an oak tree endemic to California.
blue oak: Synonym of bur oak (Quercus macrocarpa).
genology: the study of genres
baserock: The layer of hardrock that lies beneath any surface soil, clay, silt, gravel, and/or sedimentary rock.
hardrock: Rock containing ore from which minerals are extracted.
hardrock: Solid, nonporous rock.
hardrock: A type of concrete that contains relatively small amounts of aggregate relative to the amount of cement.
hardrock: An unregenerate criminal; a bully boy.
Shrimati: a polite form of address equivalent to the English Mrs
race day: Alternative form of raceday
presmolt: A very young salmon that has not yet become a smolt
screwery: an act of screwing
self-own: A situation in which someone unintentionally embarrasses or undermines themselves.
quadball: A rounded cube used to approximate a sphere.
quadball: A co-ed contact ball sport created as a ground-based adaptation of Quidditch, featuring the same positions, balls, and goals as the fictional sport, but with the players clutching broomsticks and a human "snitch runner" carrying the snitch (an autonomous magical device in the Harry Potter novels).
flop era: A period marked by failure, lack of success, or the inability to function.
dehacker: A machine used in brick plants to unload kiln cars and stack brick.
hypnalis: legendary asp said to kill people by making them go in an endless sleep or by attacking them in their sleep.
midlight: A moment or aspect neither favorable or unfavorable; a neutral happening or incident.
midlight: An area or a spot in a drawing, painting, or photograph that is somewhat illuminated.
midlight: In hairstyling, a highlight in a slightly darker color rather than a lighter one.
silolene: Any unsaturated unicyclic heterocycle having four carbon atoms, one silicon atom and one double bond
rubicene: A particular polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon
Sumerism: Alternative form of Sumerianism
Akkadism: Alternative form of Akkadianism
fuckbook: Alternative form of fuck book
landchad: A landlord, especially one with the characteristics of a "Chad".
egoboost: Something that makes one feel better about themself.
Jerseyan: A person from the island of Jersey.
Jerseyan: A person from New Jersey, United States.
hexafoos: A hex sign on Pennsylvanian barns to scare away evil spirits or simply for decoration.
picklery: A place for pickling food.
fiendism: Fiendish behaviour.
farcetta: A short or brief farce.
fluigram: A cubic centimetre.
enoiling: The action of anointing a person with oil.
enoiling: The appointing of a person to a divine or sacred office.
fluidist: A supporter of the doctrine of fluidism.
footroom: Space for a person's feet, especially while seated.
footroom: Extra bandwidth for lower-than-expected values.
milkness: Dairy produce.
predelay: The delay before the first reverberation of an echo.
homocrat: A gay person who supports slow and assimilationist movement toward equality, working politically with the Democratic Party; an assimilationist (as contrasted with a radical).
premixer: A machine that premixes.
neneleau: Rhus sandwicensis, a sumac native to Hawaii
trustlet: A trusted process or application in certain types of secure system.
lininess: The property of resembling or consisting of lines.
pussybow: Alternative spelling of pussy bow
muftiate: The office of a mufti.
muftiate: The area governed by a mufti.
fastfood: Alternative form of fast food
mall cop: A security guard employed to provide security at a shopping mall.
se'night: Alternative form of sennight
traquero: A male Mexican-American railroad track worker.
camptown: A South Korean town whose livelihood relies on a United States Forces Korea military base. Camptowns are associated especially with prostitution.
mi-parti: A garment vertically divided into two distinctly-coloured or patterned halves.
wanktard: An obnoxious or contemptible person.
writeblr: A Tumblr blog focused on creative writing.
isuretin: The product of the action of hydrocyanic acid upon hydroxylamine.
Depphead: A fan of American actor and musician Johnny Depp.
key bump: A portion of a recreational drug in powdered form that is snorted from a key or similar small object.
shomeret: A female who watches over the body of a deceased person in the ritual of shemira.
prechart: Part of a chart that must be traversed with a successful outcome in order for the main chart to have a successful outcome.
calapash: Alternative form of calipash
telepoll: A poll carried out by telephone.
bastible: Alternative form of bastable
ideathon: A collaborative event where people meet to discuss and evaluate ideas.
pressdom: The world or sphere of the press; journalism generally.
egg moon: A full moon in April.
labelese: The type of language used on labels.
wall sit: An exercise to strengthen the quadriceps muscles, involving forming two right angles with the body, one at the hips and one at the knees, with one's back against a wall.
aerosled: A type of propeller-driven snowmobile running on skis.
brockely: Obsolete form of broccoli (“vegetable”).
melakhah: Any of the types of work forbidden on Shabbat.
butlerie: Archaic form of butlery (“butler's pantry”).
shoplady: A woman who works in a shop.
zygotoid: The product of the union of gametoids, analogous to a zygote.
Zadokite: Any of the Sons of Zadok, a family of priests descended from Zadok, the first high priest in Solomon's Temple.
softplay: A purpose-built play area for children, usually indoors, consisting of padded surfaces, slides, ball pits, etc.
antiface: In facial recognition systems, a face having opposite properties to a given face.
Linmodem: A softmodem designed to work with Linux operating systems.
apesault: An assault perpetrated by a black person.
arboloco: Any of various trees of the genus Montanoa.
arabiyeh: An Arabic native cart or carriage.
arracach: Alternative form of arracacha
Afrocoon: A black African.
shareman: A fisherman whose pay consists of a share of the profits.
queriman: The sandbar shark.
quartole: A quadruplet.
grubwork: Tedious digging or (figurative) research.
quirinca: The pods of the tree Vachellia caven, sometimes used to feed cattle.
quinicia: quinicine; quinotoxine
quizzity: Oddity; eccentricity.
nonhumus: That which is not humus (certain organic compounds in soil).
anglerod: fishing rod
wine mum: Alternative form of wine mom
jai-alai: Alternative form of jai alai
legbeard: An unkempt, unattractive woman.
tit tape: Synonym of lingerie tape
kalamein: Metal cladding over wood, used for fire doors.
aridland: The land of an arid environment.
straggot: A heterosexual person.
airgroup: A unit or formation consisting of a number of air force squadrons.
airgroup: The set of aircraft flying from a particular aircraft carrier.
tombmate: One who shares the same tomb.
toadroot: Any of various plants of the genus Actaea.
toperdom: The state or condition of a toper or drunkard.
towerlet: A small tower.
tragasol: Locust bean gum.
trampdom: The realm or sphere of tramps (vagrants).
ditchlet: A little ditch.
tubmaker: A manufacturer of tubs.
triplopy: triplopia
velitary: A participant in a velitation; a soldier.
falcatid: A member of the Falcatidae family.
tankside: The side of a tank (for water etc.)
Tosafist: An author of the Tosafot.
Nasirist: Alternative form of Nasserist
Nāṣirist: Alternative form of Nasserist
octenary: Octal; base eight.
oceanway: Synonym of seaway (“lane or route used by ships at sea”)
clitorin: A kaempferol glycoside.
wax doll: The common fumitory, Fumaria officinalis.
aistopod: A snake-like amphibian from the order Aistopoda.
liquid G: The recreational drug GHB.
liquid X: The recreational drug GHB.
Fat Frog: A green alcoholic mixed drink, made from a clear vodka, an orange rum breezer, and a blue (WKD) vodka
formline: A curvilinear line fundamental to Native American art of the Pacific Northwest.
techwear: A style of fashion which uses technical fabrics and materials (those designed and engineered for a particular application) with the goal of creating highly functional and practical clothing influenced by cyberpunk and futurist aesthetics.
arsinide: A chemical compound derived by substituting a metal for a hydrogen atom of arsine.
arsenido: A ligand formed by removing a hydrogen from an arsine
arsenido: A substitution by arsenic for oxygen in an oxysalt.
salicoyl: The acyl radical derived from salicylic acid.
pagelist: A list of pages.
gregatin: A kind of fungal metabolite containing a 2-methylfuran-3-one with three other side chains, including a hexene or hexadiene at ring position 2 and an acyl at position 4.
biajaiba: lane snapper (Lutjanus synagris)
Yakimite: A Yakiman; someone from Yakima, Washington State.
leftneck: A redneck who is on the political left.
rag race: A whippet race with a scrap of cloth used as a lure.
wagesman: Alternative form of wageman
wavemark: A mark left behind by a wave (disturbance in level of liquid).
wheelery: A place where wheels or wheeled vehicles are manufactured or sold.
birdback: The back of a bird.
lip flip: A cosmetic surgery procedure involving an injection of Botox into the upper lip to give a fuller or poutier appearance.
PNGTuber: A YouTube personality who uses stylized static images edited onto their videos as a substitute for a facecam.
œgophony: Alternative form of egophony
misprobe: An instance of misprobing.
Ratagnon: A member of an indigenous group from Occidental Mindoro.
girlband: Alternative form of girl band
witchism: Witchcraft.
namebook: A book containing a registry of names.
memistor: A resistor with memory able to perform logic operations and store information.
e-device: electronic device
soy face: A facial expression associated with unmasculine and immature men (soy boys), who are often photographed expressing surprise or excitement with their mouth agape.
SIM swap: A social engineering scam in which a perpetrator takes over the phone number of a target.
hardlock: A situation where a game becomes unplayable, making further progress or action impossible, typically due to a design flaw or glitch.
cookshed: An outdoor building for cooking.
webnovel: An online novel.
fakehood: The condition or state of being fake.
ali baba: Alternative letter-case form of Ali Baba
jet belt: Synonym of jet pack
oceanbed: The ocean floor, the bed of the ocean.
dolehead: An unemployed person who has no intention of seeking a job, and survives on government-funded unemployment benefits.
Dhakaite: A native or resident of Dhaka, Bangladesh.
darughah: A tribal or city prefect or magistrate.
real one: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see real, one.
real one: A trustworthy friend.
moinmoin: Alternative form of moimoi
freeaboo: A non-American person who is obsessed with the United States and American culture.
ganutell: An art form of making artificial flowers out of wire, beads, and thread.
Skid Row: Alternative spelling of skid row
mainpriv: A primary social media account that is locked or private.
wifeship: The role or status of a wife.
wineball: Alternative form of wine ball
chebeque: Archaic form of xebec.
woodrick: A rick, or stack, of wood.
wrentail: A kind of fly used in fly fishing, resembling a wren's tail feather.
workyard: A yard where physical labour is carried out.
foretide: An early tide (tidal surge).
foretide: A prior or previous period of time.
cabowner: The owner of a cab.
Jingodom: The realm or sphere of jingoism.
jovilabe: A scientific instrument used to determine the orbital periods of Jupiter's moons and to compute the times of their eclipses.
Seljuqid: Alternative form of Saljuqid
vaagmaer: Alternative form of vaagmer (“dealfish”)
wagonman: A male wagoner.
Derbeian: A person from Derby, Derbyshire, England.
Sakalava: A member of a particular ethnic group of Madagascar.
sahoukar: Alternative form of sahukar
scaleful: Enough to fill a scale (weighing device).
scalelet: A small scale (in various senses).
licinine: Any member of the Licininae subfamily of beetles.
mermouse: A mermaid mouse; a sea mouse.
Imgurian: A user of the image sharing app and website Imgur.
xesturgy: The process of polishing something.
Vellalar: An aristocratic caste who claims the origin of Velir
Vellalar: An Elite class of Landlords and Landed gentry.
Vellalar: Traders and Land-owning Agriculturists.
dragrope: A rope used to drag something.
dragrope: Alternative form of drag rope (“rope carried in a hot air balloon”)
dicranid: Any bryopsid moss of the subclass Dicranidae, of the class Bryopsida.
fly-boat: Alternative form of flyboat
fly swat: Alternative form of fly swatter
fly-back: Alternative form of flyback
fly-past: Alternative form of flypast
megadick: A macropenis.
megadick: A term of abuse.
dickbutt: A male homosexual.
dickbutt: A term of abuse.
fire pit: Alternative spelling of firepit
chourico: Alternative spelling of chouriço
fancomic: An unofficial comic based on an existing media property, created by fans and typically without the copyright owner's permission.
nod-back: A soft header played away from the opponent's goal
Époisses: A traditional soft, pungent French cheese made from cows' milk.
bare-eye: Any of the genus Phlegopsis of insectivorous passerine birds of South America, having a colourful bare patch of skin around the eyes.
kanguroo: Obsolete form of kangaroo.
swampful: Enough to fill a swamp.
nappyful: Enough to fill a nappy.
fudgebag: A despicable or stupid person.
slow jam: A slow, romantic song, found mainly in R & B or soul ballads.
sailduck: Synonym of sailcloth
ant tree: A tree species that is myrmecophytic; a tree inhabited by ants.
sailyarn: Yarn used in the manufacture, repair, or rigging of sails; sailing-twine.
motorics: The motor faculties generally.
aproneer: A shopkeeper.
stinkage: Unpleasant smell
stinkage: Badness, poor quality or performance.
aro-allo: An aromantic and allosexual person.
pump pic: A photo of oneself taken while or soon after using the gym, with the goal of showing off one's thews and impressing others.
primarch: the main leader of a group
whitecup: The solanaceous plant Nierembergia rivularis.
sand rat: Any of the rodents in the genus Psammomys, related to gerbils.
sand rat: A geomyoid rodent, especially the camass rat (Thomomys bulbivorus).
figurism: An intellectual movement of Jesuit missionaries at the end of the 17th and the beginning of the 18th century, whose participants viewed the I Ching as a prophetic book containing the mysteries of Christianity, and prioritized working with the Qing Emperor (rather than with the Chinese literati) as a way of promoting Christianity in China.
foujdary: Alternative form of faujdari
furnacer: A person employed to operate a furnace.
fundungi: Alternative form of fundi (“the African cereal plant Digitaria exilis”)
Chadette: A female Chad; a woman with the characteristics of an alpha male.
hateship: A ship involving characters with an adversarial relationship.
Stalwart: A member of the former Stalwarts Republican party of the United States during the Gilded Age.
dartball: A game in which darts are thrown at a large board resembling a baseball field with areas denoting bases.
halve it: A darts game in which competitors try to hit certain targets on a dartboard, and lose half of their accumulated score if they fail to do so.
uptalker: One who uptalks.
orphanet: A young or little orphan.
orphaner: Synonym of orphan
Gaetulan: Alternative form of Gaetulian
gaffsman: Alternative form of gaffman
Shaanbei: The northern part of Shaanxi, China.
ing-form: An English verb's inflected form that ends in ing, including uses often analyzed as gerunds and present participles.
temsavir: An HIV inhibitor with the molecular formula C₂₄H₂₃N₇O₄.
hearably: Audibly, auditorily; discernable through hearing.
melonpan: A type of sweet bun originating from and popular in Japan, as well as in Taiwan and China.
dixonary: Alternative form of dixnary
leapyear: Alternative form of leap year
nitidine: A type of benzophenanthridine alkaloid that derives from various species of Zanthoxylum, but most notably Zanthoxylum nitidum.
axle-box: Alternative spelling of axlebox.
deaditor: A person who edits information related to a recent death, especially on biographical pages on wikis such as Wikipedia.
pettitoe: A pig's foot used for eating
met-wand: Alternative form of metewand
powwower: One who powwows.
sunbloom: Synonym of sunflower
sunbloom: Any bloom or flower which resembles the sun or emerges in the sun.
ziggarat: Alternative spelling of ziggurat
timpsula: Synonym of prairie turnip
ant hill: Alternative form of anthill
schalmey: Alternative form of schalmei
junkfood: Alternative form of junk food
nagkesar: Mesua ferrea (Ceylon ironwood).
naumkeag: A machine for smoothing the surface of a shoe's sole and heel with a fine abrasive.
Nehantic: Alternative form of Niantic
negrodom: The realm or sphere of negros.
newsbill: A sheet of news; a handbill bearing news.
newsboat: A boat used to relay news from one place to another.
Ninevite: A native or inhabitant of Nineveh.
lagunite: Alternative spelling of lagonite
mohturfa: Alternative form of moturpha
lathiyal: A hired ruffian armed with a club or lathi.
lungooti: Obsolete form of langoti.
lungooty: Obsolete form of langoti.
moturpha: Any of a number of miscellaneous taxes in Madras and Bombay.
langutty: Obsolete form of langoti.
lagonite: An earthy, hydrous iron borate, H¹⁴Fe⁴Bo¹²O³¹ + 2[Fe²]ᵛⁱBo⁶O¹² + 7Aq
lealness: The quality of being leal; loyalty.
soudagur: Alternative form of saudagar
zambuquo: Alternative form of sambuq
Sphakiot: Archaic form of Sfakiot.
spuilyie: Alternative form of spulzie
spookist: A spiritualist or medium.
stodgery: stodge; stodginess
spookism: Spooky or ghostly things; spookery.
stoveful: Enough to fill a stove.
stoupful: Enough to fill a stoup, or bucket.
S-factor: A rescaling of a nuclear reaction's total cross section to account for the Coulomb repulsion between the charged reactants. It determines the rates of nuclear fusion reactions that occur in the cores of stars.
skunkbag: A despicable or stupid person.
champana: Alternative form of sampan (“type of boat”)
champane: Alternative form of sampan (“type of boat”)
stuff-up: A mistake or fail.
ejournal: Alternative form of e-journal
subruler: A lesser or subsidiary ruler (one who rules).
Sun Belt: Alternative form of sunbelt
subsewer: A lesser or subsidiary sewer (drainage system).
keerogue: A beetle.
subsmile: A half smile.
mokihana: The plant Melicope anisata.
cyberact: An act committed by means of a computer network such as the Internet, often illegally.
sisoroid: Any member of the Sisoroidea superfamily of catfish.
VACation: A user's enforced absence from the Steam video-gaming service and its community, as a result of being banned for cheating.
Britfolk: British contemporary folk music.
mishegos: Alternative spelling of mishegoss
dorkwear: Clothing befitting a dork.
miserism: miserliness
gothwear: Clothes suiting the goth subculture.
punkwear: Clothes suiting the punk subculture.
pet form: A hypocoristic or affectionate form of a name etc.
ear hair: The terminal hair arising from the follicular cartilage inside the external auditory meatus in humans.
eyelevel: Alternative form of eye level
pulghere: The physic nut (Jatropha curcas).
bellcote: Alternative form of bell cot
pupahood: The state or period of being a pupa.
quispina: A coarse bread made from quinoa
Faradian: A student of Faraday House (1890–1967), an electrical engineering college in London.
Lokapala: Any of a number of gods associated with specific cardinal and intercardinal directions.
lougheen: A small lough.
lostling: A person who is lost or abandoned.
new ager: Alternative form of New Ager
hell pig: An extinct pig-like mammal of the family Entelodontidae; an entelodont.
queencup: Alternative form of queen's cup (“the plant Clintonia uniflora”)
paperful: Enough to fill a paper.
lovemark: An enhanced brand that inspires love and respect in consumers.
Tagalism: Synonym of anitism (“indigenous Philippine folk religion”)
cut-away: Alternative form of cutaway
tent bed: A field bed consisting of a canopy in the form of a tent.
Nuzlocke: A self-imposed challenge where the player can only catch the first wild Pokémon encountered in each area, and any caught Pokémon that faints cannot be used again.
Nuzlocke: A similarly challenging playthrough of any game other than Pokémon.
bienness: The quality of being good, wholesome, comfortable, etc.
damalisk: The tsessebe antelope (of genus Damaliscus).
Paleface: Alternative letter-case form of paleface
bump-out: The process of moving sets and equipment out of an event venue, such as a theatre or conference centre, after an event or performance.
bump-out: A small extension to a house, often involving the expansion of an existing room.
bump-out: A curb extension.
skirtful: As much as is within, on, or held by a skirt.
quamwood: Synonym of Brazilian firetree
lake fly: Any of various non-biting midges of the family Chironomidae, chironomids.
lake fly: Any of various midges of the genus Chaoborus, the adult stage of a glassworm.
lake fly: Ephemera simulans, a species of mayfly.
twiction: Fiction hosted on the microblogging site Twitter; fictional works of Twitterature.
misproof: A mathematical proof that contains logical errors.
misproof: Evidence or convincing argument that misleads one to the wrong conclusion.
misproof: Evidence that contradicts or casts doubt on.
hairwash: The act of washing the hair on a person's head.
hairwash: A preparation used for washing the hair on a person's head: shampoo or similar.
SCHMOOSE: A brain microprotein produced by mitochondria, malformed forms of which are thought to be involved in Alzheimer's
Schmoose: Alternative form of SCHMOOSE
demandee: A person from whom something is demanded.
car gate: bus stop
hip boot: A tall boot that extends up to the hip, typically made of rubber, initially designed to be worn by fishermen.
pH-metry: pH testing: testing of pH (degree of acidity or basicity/alkalinity).
flattard: One who believes that the Earth is flat.
langooty: Alternative form of langoti
kaupinam: Synonym of langoti (“Indian loincloth”)
dual cab: Synonym of crew cab
swandive: Alternative form of swan dive
ekphoria: Alternative form of ecphoria
oxysteel: Steel produced by reduction of iron oxides by carbon.
grandbig: A big of a big; a sorority member who has herself mentored a mentor.
Eridanid: A meteor in a meteor shower appearing to originate from Eridanus.
eventime: The time of evening.
epochism: A tendency to regard the epoch in which one lives as superior to others.
prisspot: One who is very prissy.
muleskin: The skin of a mule.
coltskin: The skin of a colt.
concaver: A person employed to give a concave shape to razors as they are manufactured.
copperer: One who applies copper coatings.
cootfoot: A phalarope.
cribmate: An infant raised in the same crib as another.
Craterid: Any meteor of a meteor shower that appears to originate from the constellation of Crater.
hardwall: A strong grade of gypsum plaster, used primarily as an undercoat.
plumpage: Plumping.
subcreek: A secondary or subordinate creek.
missayer: One who missays; a misspeaker.
jaspopal: jasper opal
jerryism: The practice of jerry-building.
fortneth: Alternative form of fortnith
hashtree: Alternative form of hash tree
falldown: A falling down; a decrease or collapse.
fortnith: Alternative form of fortnight
porkchop: Alternative form of pork chop
suvasini: A married woman whose husband is still alive.
drippage: A dripping; something that drips.
twathead: Term of abuse.
shathead: Alternative form of shithead.
Maghribi: Alternative form of Maghrebi
mangkono: The tree Xanthostemon verdugonianus.
Indy car: A racecar driven in the IndyCar Series
Trussite: A political supporter of Liz Truss (born 1975), British Conservative politician and Prime Minister in September–October 2022.
tradlarp: The act of tradlarping.
tradlarp: Synonym of tradlarper.
garnyson: Alternative form of garnison
khichudi: Alternative form of khichdi
babyleaf: Small salad leaves that are harvested early.
subtotem: A secondary or subordinate totem, such as one associated with a specific subtribe.
junkyism: Addiction, like that of a junkie.
hyperoon: An upper room.
low-code: The practice of developing applications via a low-code development environment.
firefall: A summertime event held in Yosemite National Park from 1872 to 1968, in which burning hot embers were spilled from the top of Glacier Point to the valley below, giving the appearance of a glowing waterfall.
firefall: The phenomenon whereby Horsetail Fall, a seasonal waterfall in Yosemite National Park, is illuminated by the sunset so that it glows orange-red.
flashpan: Alternative form of flash pan
focaloid: A shell bounded by two concentric, confocal ellipses (in two dimensions) or ellipsoids (in three dimensions).
paredros: An assistant or servant of a god.
Gen Z'er: Alternative form of Gen-Zer.
key rate: Synonym of policy rate
Gen Z-er: Alternative form of Gen-Zer.
hardlink: Alternative form of hard link
softlink: Alternative form of soft link
Gen X-er: Alternative form of Gen-Xer.
kabuliat: Alternative form of kabuliyat
kabulyat: Alternative form of kabuliyat
hexethal: A barbiturate derivative with effects similar to those of pentobarbital.
pit bike: A minature inexpensive offroad motorcycle.
waringin: Synonym of weeping fig (“the tree Ficus benjamina”).
wainbote: Wood allotted to a tenant for use in repairing wagons.
windgust: A short, often sudden gust of wind.
loosness: Obsolete form of looseness.
shortlex: A total ordering for finite sequences of objects that can themselves be totally ordered. Sequences are primarily sorted by cardinality (length) with the shortest sequences first, and sequences of the same length are sorted into lexicographic order.
mispunch: An act or result of mispunching (any sense).
bank cod: A fish from the Georges Bank cod fishery.
lactucon: Synonym of lactucerin
lambhood: The state or period of being a lamb.
lamanism: Alternative form of lamaism
lanchang: Alternative form of lancang
Starbies: A coffee from Starbucks.
landbook: A book containing details of lands and their ownership.
lapidity: The quality of being a stone.
latheman: A person who operates a lathe.
slab hut: A kind of dwelling or shed made from slabs of split or sawn timber.
lawcraft: The art or skill of a lawyer; knowledge of the law.
leoncito: The lion tamarin.
leimtype: A collotype process in which the printing surface is a sheet of gelatin fixed upon a zinc plate.
apoareon: Alternative form of apoareion
codglove: A thick fingerless glove used in trimming hedges.
misreach: The act of misreaching.
nailshop: A workshop where nails are manufactured.
4D chess: A sophisticated strategy that is far beyond the comprehension of others, in which apparent blunders are simply indicators of yet-to-be-understood brilliance.
rantsona: A persona used on a YouTube commentary video that features rants or discussions on controversial topics.
tikolosh: Alternative form of tokoloshe
tileyard: A yard where tiles are manufactured.
ruinator: One who causes ruin.
GigaChad: Alternative letter-case form of gigachad.
Gigachad: Alternative letter-case form of gigachad.
Jaunpuri: A person from Jaunpur.
Jaunpuri: A follower of the Jaunpuri tradition.
no chill: Absence of calm; acting without regard to how others feel or see one.
stickjaw: Food that is difficult to chew or swallow, such as toffee or pudding.
ganderer: agent noun of gander
huckshin: Alternative form of huxen
barnmate: An animal (such as a horse) that lives in the same barn.
cumbungi: Any of several Australian perennial herbs of the genus Typha, especially Typha domingensis and Typha orientalis.
puriteen: A teenager or young adult (especially an LGBT or LGBT-supportive member of Gen Z) whose views on sexuality are seen as sex-negative or moralistic.
precount: An initial counting before a proper count or an intervention takes place.
precount: The period and procedures taken before a countdown.
hackuser: A person who claims someone else in an online game is hacking.
if money: A type of money collected from earnings on one race which is then automatically applied to a subsequent race in the case when an if-bet is placed.
hoofball: A style of play characterised by many long balls and few short passes.
misarchy: The dislike of all forms of government.
calflick: Synonym of cowlick (“unruly lock of hair”)
caboceer: A native African official responsible for supplying slaves to slave traders.
nervelet: A little nerve, or nervule.
caryotin: Alternative form of karyotin (“chromatin”)
careerer: One who careers.
guardeen: Pronunciation spelling of guardian.
cannelon: A fluted mold.
cannelon: A dish prepared in such a mold.
nephrism: The symptoms of kidney disease.
turnhall: Alternative form of turnhalle
hepatism: The symptoms of liver disease.
tucutuco: Alternative form of tuco-tuco
troweler: Alternative form of troweller
blokette: A woman (female bloke).
trapnest: Alternative form of trap nest
petahash: 10¹⁵ hashes.
plaidman: A man who wears a plaid.
eumerism: Alternative form of euhemerism
earthset: The time of "day" when the Earth begins to sink below the horizon of another planet according to a local observer.
rentaler: Alternative form of rentaller
whorelet: A young or little whore.
Sindwork: Alternative form of Sindhwork
retraict: Obsolete form of retreat.
curtsier: Alternative form of curtseyer
V.V.I.P.: Alternative form of VVIP ("very, very important person")
Scrumban: A hybrid of Scrum and kanban.
lingster: Alternative form of linkster (“interpreter or broker”)
hopepunk: A genre of speculative fiction with an emphasis on optimism, compassion, or non-violence.
listcomp: A list comprehension.
dogwater: The very core of someone; used as an intensifier.
dogwater: Semen.
slingbag: Alternative form of sling bag
chestbag: Alternative form of chest bag
ichthol.: Synonym of ichthyology (abbreviation)
top-case: Alternative form of topcase
wall gun: A smoothbore firearm, like a scaled-up infantry musket, used between the 16th and 18th centuries by defending forces to break the advance of enemy troops.
side bag: Any bag carried on one's side.
washtail: Synonym of wagtail (“type of bird”)
waythorn: The common buckthorn, Rhamnus cathartica.
dingonek: A large fanged, scaly cryptid with leopard-like markings and a finny tail, reported from near Lake Victoria in 1907.
wheelway: A path or road for wheeled vehicles.
whizzgig: Alternative form of whizgig
forasdar: A holder of foras land.
widowery: widowerhood
Hayekism: An economic ideology that emphasizes unregulated markets and the abandonment of welfare.
porotiti: A kind of pump drill used in the Maori culture.
lawscape: A notional landscape of law; legal systems understood in spatial terms.
Sunakism: The political philosophy associated with Rishi Sunak (born 1980), British Conservative politician and Prime Minister since 2022.
Sunakite: A political supporter of Rishi Sunak (born 1980), British Conservative politician and Prime Minister since 2022.
sungtara: A kind of pear-shaped orange.
midgetry: The state of being a midget.
cock-tip: Alternative form of cocktip
cock tip: Alternative form of cocktip
semi-pro: Alternative form of semipro.
dragboat: Alternative form of drag boat
misrelay: The modification or dropping of routing packets, causing a disruption of communication between nodes in a network.
upsplash: An upward splash; material splashed upwards.
subdrill: A training exercise forming part of a larger training exercise or system.
tax rise: Synonym of tax hike
tax hike: A sudden increase in taxes.
gorgolet: Alternative form of goglet
gurgulet: Alternative form of goglet
rump cap: Synonym of picanha (“cut of beef”)
snap-tin: A metal lunchbox (food container).
wokefest: An event, work, etc. involving a lot of wokeness.
povertie: Obsolete spelling of poverty
suwarree: Alternative form of sowarree
cumbrain: Someone obsessed with sex or masturbation.
Brindian: A British person of Indian Subcontinent-extraction/heritage/ethnicities, or of India, British India.
loofball: A ball sport played over a net by two teams of five players on a rectangular court.
loofball: The ball used in the sport called "loofball".
Quiddist: Synonym of quid (“member of a section of the Democratic-Republican Party”)
cum swap: An instance of cum swapping.
dirt-box: The anus
four ale: Alternative form of four-ale
aurality: The quality of being aural.
duckfoot: A relatively small, shallow share used in tillage, shaped like a duck's foot.
kakkatin: An isoflavonoid found in Wisteria brachybotrys and Streptomyces.
four-ale: A cheap ale, sold at fourpence per quart
four-ale: Ellipsis of four-ale bar.
sandpump: Alternative form of sand pump
schnecke: A sweet spiral-shaped bun or roll of German origin.
seismism: seismic activity
serafile: Alternative form of serrefile
setenant: Alternative form of se-tenant
glossina: A tsetse fly.
legilium: A folding lectern.
guimbard: Alternative form of guimbarde
curmudge: curmudgeon
heatspot: A spot that is hotter than the surrounding area.
buplever: A bupleurum.
bruilzie: Alternative form of brulzie
holytide: A holy day, or religious festival.
bioethic: A principle or system of bioethics.
burstone: Alternative spelling of burrstone
metalist: Alternative form of metallist
moonface: Alternative form of moon-face
mundungo: Alternative form of mundungus (“inferior, bad-smelling tobacco”)
snowland: A snowy region or snowscape.
spartery: Braided plant fibers used in making hats.
squegger: An irregular oscillator, one exhibiting squegging.
sticcato: Alternative form of sticcado
spreathe: The condition of being chapped, as with cold.
swelchie: A whirlpool.
surquedy: Alternative form of surquedry
shrewdie: A shrewd or cunning person.
shinnery: A dense thicket of trees, usually oaks.
bearmode: A heavy and massive physique with very large muscles.
showyard: An enclosed yard where livestock is exhibited.
thioaryl: A univalent radical R-S- derived from a thioether with R as an aryl group.
pyorubin: A red pigment produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
SPINA-GR: The insulin receptor gain, a calculated biomarker for insulin sensitivity (if calculated with the structure parameter inference approach).
dope set: A street or section of a town or city where drugs are either used or sold.
pay slip: Alternative form of payslip
biz-atch: Alternative form of bizatch
alfaquin: Alternative form of alfaqui
anabaena: Any cyanobacterium of the genus Anabaena.
alphosis: Albinism.
apperill: Alternative form of apperil (“peril”)
aircoach: An airliner offering relatively cheap but cramped passenger flights.
atamasco: Short for Atamasco lily.
daneweed: Synonym of danewort (“the plant Sambucus ebulus”)
cage cup: An Ancient Roman glass vessel, found from roughly the 4th century, consisting of an inner beaker and an outer cage or shell of decoration that stands out from the body of the cup, to which it is attached by short stems or shanks.
dolichos: A long-distance race in the ancient Olympic Games.
dolichos: A plant of the genus Dolichos.
aligarta: Obsolete form of alligator.
kiamchay: salted / pickled Chinese mustard greens (Brassica juncea)
slashout: strikethrough
one joke: Humour satirising transgender and non-binary gender identities through mocking self-identifications (typically by "identifying" as something absurd or self-evident).
one joke: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see one, joke.
halimote: Alternative form of hallmote
posadnik: a mayor in some East Slavic cities, towns, and oblasts.
posadnik: the mayor or leader of Novgorod and Pskov.
hyponoia: The thought or idea that underlies a myth.
cow-lick: Alternative form of cowlick
sodalist: A member of a sodality.
slipsole: A sock-like lining for the inside of a shoe.
alopekis: A Thracian cap made from a fox scalp.
alopekis: A small, foxlike Greek dog breed.
spadillo: Obsolete form of spadille.
sui fuel: Alternative form of suifuel
slummism: Alternative form of slumism
seahound: Alternative form of sea hound
Seascout: Alternative form of Sea Scout
shellful: Enough to fill a shell.
chondrus: Synonym of chondrule
diobolon: A Greek copper coin of the mid-19th century.
fluerics: A subfield of fluidics, dealing with fluid components that perform functions not requiring the use of moving parts.
neck pad: Synonym of barbell pad
graveful: Enough to fill a grave.
footgeld: An amercement imposed for failure to expeditate a dog.
good run: Success over an extended period.
watersky: A peculiar appearance of the distant sky near the horizon, common in artic regions, indicating the presence of open water beneath as distinguished from ice or land.
dolichus: Alternative form of dolichos (“long-distance race”)
meshugas: Alternative form of meshugaas
metopryl: Synonym of methoxypropane
morticer: Alternative spelling of mortiser
mopehawk: Alternative form of morepork (“the bird”)
Badenese: A native or inhabitant of the historical state or territory of Baden, Germany.
mortiser: A person or a machine that cuts mortises.
miliblog: Alternative form of milblog
snowkite: The kite used in the sport of snowkiting.
HTV card: Abbreviation of how-to-vote card.
pseudism: Alternative form of pseudoism
punicine: Synonym of pelletierine
eastland: The eastern part of a geographic area; a land lying to the east.
Zoomraid: Alternative form of Zoom raid
maypoler: One who dances around the maypole.
zincware: Articles made from zinc.
Zoombomb: An instance of Zoombombing.
songword: Synonym of lyric (“the words of a song or other vocal music”)
fork oil: A lubricant for use on the fork of a motorcycle.
Westaboo: Alternative letter-case form of westaboo
botvinya: A type of Slavic kvass-based cold soup.
red wave: A surge of voters supporting the candidates of the Republican Party during an election (especially a midterm election), which results in the party making significant gains.
hinahina: Heliotropium anomalum, a heliotrope of the Pacific Islands.
thongage: Part of a thong (underwear) visible when worn.
thongage: A restaurant surcharge added to the bill for patrons who wear thongs (footwear) instead of shoes.
opration: Misspelling of operation.
woodbalm: Lepechinia calycina, an herb native to California.
honkydom: The realm or sphere of white people; whites collectively.
cockring: Alternative form of cock ring
taberdar: Obsolete form of tabarder.
tailskid: A piece of metal or wood used, like a tailwheel, to support the tail of an aircraft on the ground.
tarboush: Alternative form of tarboosh
taffarel: Obsolete form of taffrail.
dog pile: Alternative form of dogpile
dog-pile: Alternative form of dogpile
dog-food: Alternative form of dog food
terzetta: Alternative form of terzetto
terzetta: An old Italian flintlock pistol.
tequilla: Archaic form of tequila.
tetronal: A sedative-hypnotic and anesthetic drug.
telechir: A robotic arm controlled by a human and offering a telepresence environment.
tidewave: Alternative form of tide wave
thiophen: Archaic form of thiophene.
ludopath: One who exhibits ludopathy (problem gambling).
twinkhon: A trans woman who looks like a femboy or effeminate man.
wetbrain: An idiot; a stupid person.
backrush: A rushing backward; a retreat.
ostreger: Obsolete form of austringer.
orillion: Alternative form of orillon
barchane: Alternative spelling of barchan
berghaan: Verreaux's eagle (Aquila verreauxii)
baregine: A grey, gelatinous deposit in the sulphurous waters of the Barèges spa.
Introibo: The prayers spoken by the priest at the foot of the altar at the start of a Tridentine Mass.
bifidity: The quality of being bifid.
bimethyl: Synonym of dimethyl
keg beer: A type of beer served in kegs often filtered or pasteurized, rendering the yeast inactive.
bothyman: A laborer living in a bothy.
boughpot: Alternative form of bough pot
backwrap: A portion of something that is wrapped backward.
backwrap: A word wrap feature that restores a word to the preceding line when space is made for it by deletion.
broguery: The presence of a brogue in speech.
enaumdar: Obsolete form of inamdar.
bodycare: The care of one's body, especially with the use of creams and ointments.
boyanore: A native ruler in certain parts of India.
wind'ard: Pronunciation spelling of windward.
dancepop: A popular music subgenre that originated in the late 1970s to early 1980s, intended for nightclubs and contemporary hit radio.
waxgourd: Alternative form of wax gourd
Novocain: Alternative form of novocaine
megaslut: A superslut; an extremely slutty person
RICE box: Synonym of RICE table
holomics: The concept of making therapeutic decisions for a patient by integrating data from many different sources.
Minskite: A native or inhabitant of Minsk.
cheekini: A style of women's briefs covering only part of the buttocks.
macahuba: Archaic form of macauba.
Loyolite: A Jesuit; a member of the Society of Jesus.
handrest: Any surface designed to support the hand and wrist.
jaadugar: magician
pamudpod: Synonym of virama
seenzone: The situation in which a chat partner in an online chat or email exchange or mobile text messaging exchange sees or reads the last message or email sent to them, but does not reply.
trutrans: A genuine or legitimate transgender person.
guttocks: A front bum or FUPA.
Ekronite: A person from Ekron.
B-boying: Alternative letter-case form of b-boying
haul-out: A location where seals or sea lions haul out.
haul-out: The act of hauling out (bringing ashore) a boat, especially for repair and maintenance.
cant-dog: Synonym of cant hook
calycule: Synonym of calyculus (“group of bracts resembling an outer calyx”)
canthook: Alternative form of cant hook
artstyle: An art style, especially one in a video game.
carroche: Obsolete form of caroche.
cabretta: A kind of leather made from sheep hair (not wool).
corveted: simple past and past participle of corvet
niefling: A nibling.
hostrock: Alternative form of host rock
cebularz: A wheat dough pancake with diced onion and poppy seed, originating in traditional Polish and Ashkenazi Jewish cuisine.
B-lister: Someone on a B-list.
pishache: Alternative form of pishachi
pishashi: Alternative form of pishachi
prighood: The state or essence of being a prig; priggery.
prunetol: Synonym of genistein
prunetin: An O-methylated isoflavone originally found in the bark of Prunus emarginata, the Oregon cherry.
pumpsman: Alternative form of pumpman
delighte: Obsolete spelling of delight
purwanna: Alternative form of perwanna
puffback: Any bird of the genus Dryoscopus.
Publican: Synonym of Arnoldist
handgate: A gate that can be opened and closed by hand.
pygmydom: The world or sphere of pygmies.
akinness: The quality of being akin; similarity.
outsoler: One who fits the outsoles to shoes.
recurrer: One who or that which recurs.
tong fai: A tuition fee collected by public sector schools.
tong lau: A tenement building, found in Southern China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.
resaldar: Alternative form of ressaldar
chatsite: Alternative form of chat site
chau min: Synonym of chow mein.
shot cup: Synonym of shot glass
painsong: A cry or feeling of pain and distress.
cat girl: Alternative form of catgirl
manmoder: One who is in manmode ("the state of presenting as a man, regardless of one's actual gender identity").
cat-girl: Alternative form of catgirl
dew claw: Alternative form of dewclaw
enginerd: A nerdy engineer or engineering student.
enginerd: An engine nerd; someone extremely knowledgeable in (especially car) engines.
lazy dog: Ellipsis of lazy dog bomb.
lazy dog: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lazy, dog.
Rickroll: Alternative letter-case form of rickroll
dystypia: Disordered or garbled typing associated with medical events like a stroke.
baridine: Any weevil of the curculionid subfamily Baridinae, known as flower weevils.
shahtoot: A type of Asian mulberry tree, Morus macroura.
shahtoot: The elongated fruit of this tree.
corgipoo: A dog that is a cross between a corgi and a poodle.
matfelon: knapweed
bay-wood: Alternative form of baywood
tocalote: The plant Centaurea melitensis.
tocolote: Alternative form of tocalote
quesited: The object or goal that is sought in divination.
quadrual: Alternative form of quadral
starfall: A great number of stars descending downward within outer space or the atmosphere; a meteor shower.
starfall: The act of landing on a star.
starfall: Dark night; the time when stars become visible.
starfall: The time when a shooting star or meteor shower occurs.
roodloft: Alternative spelling of rood-loft
hamsteak: Alternative form of ham steak
Guy Faux: Archaic form of Guy Fawkes.
japygoid: Any hexapod of the superfamily Japygoidea.
mistfall: A waterfall that falls in the form of fine mist.
potmeter: potentiometer
semidisk: A half disk.
maculism: Rejection of belief in the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary.
minicask: A small cask
moʻolelo: A Hawaiian cultural myth
paderero: Alternative form of pederero
peetweet: The spotted sandpiper.
passment: Alternative form of passement
pastromi: Dated form of pastrami.
low mass: Alternative letter-case form of Low Mass
low mass: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see low, mass.
icegrass: Phippsia, a circumpolar grass genus.
truthism: A belief in the importance of truth and objective facts.
truthism: Trutherism; the beliefs of conspiracy theorists.
truthism: A truism; something commonly accepted to be true.
re-issue: Alternative form of reissue.
mail bag: Alternative form of mailbag.
pregiven: That which is actual, as opposed to our concepts or apprehension of the world.
nondenom: Clipping of nondenominational.
cyamella: A small sesamoid bone situated in the popliteus muscle found in primates (rarely humans) and certain other animals.
parwanna: Alternative form of perwanna
rahdaree: A transit duty in Persia.
Shastrah: Alternative form of Shastra
perwauna: Alternative form of perwanna
sheermal: A traditional saffron-flavoured flatbread eaten in Iran and the Indian subcontinent.
sirrakee: Alternative form of sirky (“kind of matting”)
sunnyasi: Alternative form of sannyasi
sunyasee: Alternative form of sannyasi
barretry: Archaic form of barratry.
baqqarah: A kind of high-sterned dhow used in the Arab world.
bearbine: Hedge bindweed, bearbind (Calystegia sepium), certain bindweed found throughout the Northern Hemisphere.
soft 404: A 404 page ("the result of trying to follow a broken link within a website") which reports a "200 OK" HTTP response code rather than "404 Not Found", falsely indicating to the browser that the page exists and was loaded correctly.
Pedocrat: A member or a supporter of the Democratic Party, a Democrat.
brockram: A basal breccia of cemented limestone and sandstone fragments dating from the Permian period, found in northern England.
symphily: The condition of being a symphile.
cenozone: A stratum containing a characteristic association of minerals and microfossils.
bar fine: a payment made by a customer to the operators of a bar that allows a dancer, hostess, or some other employee of that bar to leave work early, usually in order to accompany the customer outside the bar for sexual services
downdoot: A downvote.
ottering: The hunting of otters.
chucklah: Alternative form of chakla (“territorial subdivision”)
full fig: Full costume; uniform or evening dress.
eye lens: lens; crystalline lens (part of the eye)
ghostism: Belief in ghosts.
getpenny: Alternative form of get-penny
giantish: A fictional language spoken by giants.
chenango: Alternative form of shenango
shenango: A casual dock laborer of little skill.
dumbdumb: Alternative form of dumdum (“An ignorant person; an idiot”)
chollima: A mythical horse that originates from the Chinese classics and is commonly portrayed in East Asian mythology.
Naboulsi: Alternative form of Nabulsi (“type of cheese”)
Muzhubee: Alternative form of Mazhabi
Muzzubee: Alternative form of Mazhabi
frogitis: A supposed knee ailment caused by watching TV cross-legged for extended periods.
Ayodhyan: A native or inhabitant of Ayodhya.
hot bean: Synonym of mescal bean
Ogulnian: Of or relating to Ogulnius
parputty: Alternative form of parbutty
parbutty: A subordinate village officer in parts of the Madras presidency.
potscape: An artistic arrangement of plants in pots.
pishcush: Alternative form of peshcush
pishkash: Alternative form of peshcush
pishcash: Alternative form of peshcush
peshkash: Alternative form of peshcush
peshcash: Alternative form of peshcush
peshcush: An offering or tribute.
pattadar: A leaseholder.
peshkush: Alternative form of peshcush
baht bus: songthaew (share taxi made out of an altered pickup truck with two benches in the back down each side)
nonspeak: Speech that is intended to satisfy a needed response, yet lacking in any real pertinent information; speech about nothing, empty words; useless talk or babble.
nonspeak: An aversion to speaking; speechlessness.
Mashhadi: A person from, or an inhabitant of, Mashhad
runester: A person well versed in runelore; an expert at runes; a user of runes for esoteric purposes.
Xmastide: Abbreviation of Christmastide.
Yule lad: One of several trolls, children of the ogress Grýla, who, according to Icelandic folktales, arrive one each day from December 12th through December 25, and leave one each night from December 25 through January 6. The Yule lads are associated with tricks and mischief, but also with carrying off naughty children in a burlap bag and eating them.
ou-tenga: Alternative form of otenga
runework: The use of runes for esoteric purposes.
runesong: A poem or song, especially one with mystical or mysterious overtones; a spell or an incantation; magical or esoteric poetry.
MMORPGer: One who plays MMORPGs.
eateress: Alternative form of eatress.
wet play: Structured play activities for young schoolchildren during inclement weather.
wet play: A natural gas formation containing wet gas, meaning it has sizable amounts of liquid alkanes.
wet play: Sexual activity involving liquids; either urolagnia or sploshing (wet and messy fetishism).
runecast: An instance of runecasting.
codeball: A sport, combining elements of golf and football, in which a rubber ball is repeatedly kicked from a marked area until it is successfully sunk into a bowl.
codefest: Synonym of hackathon
datathon: A kind of hackathon focusing on the use of large data sets.
foreboom: The boom of the foremast.
feodarie: Obsolete form of feodary.
Hagadist: Alternative form of Haggadist
top-boot: Alternative form of topboot
top boot: Alternative form of topboot
haplopia: Binocular single vision, as opposed to diplopia.
hipparch: An Ancient Greek cavalry officer.
shecarry: Dated form of shikari.
mucaddam: Obsolete form of muqaddam.
shechina: Alternative form of shechinah
garreter: Alternative form of garreteer (“poor writer; literary hack”)
garreter: A thief who used housetops to enter by garret windows.
K-popper: A person who performs, dances to, or enjoys K-pop music.
K-popper: A K-pop song.
juration: The process or act of making an oath.
stanbase: The stans (extremely obsessive fans) of a thing or person taken as a group.
antedrug: A drug that is designed to act upon a desired site within the body, and then rapidly become inactive upon entering the systemic circulation.
cytotech: Clipping of cytotechnologist or cytotechnician.
hair ice: A type of ice resembling fine, silky hair, forming on dead wood in the presence of certain fungi.
makaasim: Alternative form of macaasim
galactal: A glycal derived from galactopyranose.
lupophon: A woodwind instrument like an oboe.
overface: The upper side or upward-facing surface of an object.
jonglery: The practice or performance of a jongleur ("an itinerant entertainer in medieval England and France").
Gabunese: Archaic form of Gabonese.
genovino: A gold coin used in the Republic of Genoa from 1252 to 1415.
long int: Alternative form of long integer
Lizzbian: A fan of American singer, rapper, and flutist Lizzo (Melissa Viviane Jefferson; born 1988).
goldhead: A kind of fishing lure, usually bright yellow.
grafship: The rank or position of a graf (German or Austrian count).
Pine Nut: A fan of American actor Chris Pine (born 1980).
jazzstep: A genre of electronic dance music which combines elements of drum and bass and jazz.
groomery: A place where grooming is performed, especially pet grooming.
meangirl: Alternative form of mean girl
plugugly: Alternative form of plug-ugly
peptizer: A chemical agent that peptizes.
physalia: Any organism of the genus Physalia.
perigyny: The quality of being perigynous.
Silurist: Synonym of Silurian (“a member of the Silures, an ancient tribe of Britannia”)
blue fig: Synonym of blue quandong
caterole: A casserole that uses cat meat.
mayocide: Genocide of white people.
Muscadet: Alternative letter-case form of muscadet.
juazeiro: A small shrub, Ziziphus joazeiro, of the buckthorn family, native to Brazil.
downstat: An unsuccessful person who is failing to make progress.
adimurai: A martial arts from Tamil Nadu, India.
Namboori: Alternative form of Nambudiri
ditomine: A ground beetle of the subtribe Ditomina.
bangalow: bangalow palm
seftalia: Alternative form of sheftalia
bushwren: An extinct species of small wrenlike almost flightless passerine bird endemic to New Zealand, Xenicus longipes.
nitazene: A synthetic opioid derived from 2-benzylbenzimidazole.
nitazene: Any of a group of potent synthetic opioids with a structure related to nitazene, never approved for clinical use but manufactured as illicit drugs.
socketry: Electrical sockets collectively
retifist: A person sexually attracted to shoes.
pluggery: Electrical plugs collectively.
pluggery: Informal promotion or advertising.
lifelist: Alternative form of life list.
hotwater: attributive form of hot water (in the literal sense)
Nolanite: A fan of British-American filmmaker Christopher Nolan (born 1970).
Morinoia: A genus of Amphipoda
sandpeep: A small sandpiper.
seablite: Alternative form of sea blite
shadblow: Synonym of shadbush
shagroon: A settler of the New Zealand province of Canterbury who came from somewhere other than Britain, most commonly Australia.
schliere: singular of schlieren
stowdown: The placing away in casks or tanks of the oil obtained in whaling.
bookroll: A continuous scroll bearing the text of a book and able to be rolled up into a cylinder.
subvicar: A subordinate vicar.
subshaft: A secondary or subsidiary shaft.
buttyman: Synonym of butty (“miner who works under contract”)
bluewood: A tree of species Haematoxylon campechianum.
bluewood: Wood of Haematoxylon campechianum.
bluewood: Condalia spp., especially Condalia hookeri (syn. Condalia obovata).
Sylhetti: Alternative form of Sylheti
farasola: A unit of weight formerly used in trade in the Indian seas, varying from about 20 to 30 pounds.
chaubuck: Alternative form of chabuk
chawbuck: Alternative form of chabuk
fakeship: A disingenuous, fraudulent, or artificial relationship.
greenium: Alternative form of green premium
megacast: Synonym of megacasting; A cast manufactured by megacasting.
megacast: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see mega, cast.
spendall: Alternative form of spend-all
stearage: Obsolete form of steerage.
stillman: The person who operates a still (device for distilling liquids).
stewpond: Synonym of stew (“a pool in which fish are kept in preparation for eating”)
subchord: A portion of a chord.
missment: A mistake; an error.
outcomer: In China, a person who comes from another place; an outsider.
antiager: An anti-aging cosmetic.
protolog: Alternative form of protologue
Kalispel: Synonym of Pend d'Oreille
kamaloka: According to the theosophy of Helena Blavatsky: a semi-material plane of existence, subjective and invisible to humans, inhabited by disembodied personalities created from human and animal passions and desires.
mirbahri: Ferry dues.
orancaya: Alternative form of orankay
Laximana: Alternative form of Laksamana
puaokama: A Hawaiian burr cucumber, Sicyos maximowiczii.
moorsman: Synonym of moorman
dorseret: Alternative form of dosseret.
Marooner: A member of the American pop rock band Maroon 5.
subdelta: A river delta forming part of another.
subdevil: A lesser devil: one subordinate to an archdevil.
kiribath: A traditional Sri Lankan dish of rice cooked with coconut milk and formed into a sort of cake or pudding.
biphilia: Bisexuality.
Batavism: A word or idiom of the Dutch language (that has been borrowed by another language).
hog-face: A person having a hoglike or otherwise ugly face.
crabcore: The supposed musical genre of metalcore guitarists who adopt a low squatting pose with spread legs.
desetope: The part of an MHC that binds to an antigen.
bignesse: Obsolete form of bigness.
mega cap: A company having a very large market capitalization.
V nickel: A Liberty Head nickel.
pabouche: Alternative form of baboosh
pageship: The state or business of a page.
packware: Goods carried in a pack, especially those for sale by a peddler.
Pajonism: The theology of Claude Pajon (1626–1685), 17th-century French theologian.
paintrix: A female painter.
Pajonist: A proponent of Pajonism.
Palluite: A member of the tribe descended from Pallu, a son of Reuben.
palouser: A primitive lantern consisting of a candle placed in a tin can or similar container.
neckring: Alternative form of neck ring
Palesman: A male native or inhabitant of The Pale, the part of Ireland directly under the control of the English government in the Late Middle Ages.
pre-lash: A session of pre-drinking.
awqiyyah: An Egyptian unit of weight equivalent to about 37 grams (1.3 oz.)
peponium: Any of the plants of the genus Peponium.
puntsman: Alternative form of puntman
ipê tree: Tabebuia or Handroanthus
plastrum: Alternative form of plastron
gigannum: Rare form of giga-annum (“gigayear, a billion years”).
do-funny: A do-dad; a thingummyjig.
relivery: The act of decorating with replacement livery, especially of a train.
dekeract: A ten-dimensional hypercube
Chiney K: A Chinese-made imitation Kalashnikov rifle.
bar soap: Any type of soap prepared in the shape of a bar, comfortably sized to fit in the palm of one's hand.
tridemic: Synonym of tripledemic (“a combination of three pandemics”).
umburana: A species of leguminous tree, Amburana cearensis, native to South America and often used for timber.
gall oak: A species of oak (Quercus lusitanica)
boysmell: A boy or man's body odour, often seen as being extremely attractive.
gun boat: Alternative form of gunboat
hair net: Alternative form of hairnet
high hat: Alternative form of high-hat
heelhook: Alternative form of heel hook
eigenket: A ket |K⟩ such that α|K⟩ = a|K⟩ for some linear operator α and number a.
saltorel: A diminutive saltire.
basketyl: An organic radical derived from basketane.
snoutane: A heptacyclic hydrocarbon with molecules shaped like a snout with IUPAC name Octahydro-1,2-ethanodicyclopropa[cd,gh]pentalene.
stop log: Alternative form of stoplog
sialogog: Alternative spelling of sialogogue
fry jack: A deep-fried dough piece, part of traditional Belizean cuisine.
holandry: The property of being holandric.
headstay: Synonym of forestay
ouricuri: A species of palm tree, Syagrus coronata, endemic to eastern Brazil.
dataller: Alternative form of dataler
tumbrill: Alternative form of tumbril
gonocyst: A membrane around the spermatogonia in the male gonads.
gonocyst: An expansion of the zoarium in which multiple embryos develop.
gyrosine: Given a gyrotriangle ABC, where the gyroangle defined by the gyrovectors ꝊAꚚC and ꝊCꚚB is a right angle, the gyrosine of the gyroangle defined by ꝊBꚚA and ꝊAꚚC is the length of ꝊBꚚA divided by the length of ꝊAꚚC.
gynopara: A viviparous female aphid that is born in the autumn on a secondary host, then flies to the primary host where she produces new females that mate and deposit eggs.
hot-shot: Alternative spelling of hotshot
nomadine: Any member of the Nomadinae subfamily of bees.
necridia: Dead cells in cyanobacteria filaments.
kiefekil: Alternative form of keffekil
bardcore: A genre of music in which modern songs are covered in a medieval or ancient style, often involving the lyrics being adapted or translated into historically accurate language.
gardenry: The art or skill of gardening.
gardenry: An area that is cultivated into gardens.
yakhchal: An type of icehouse, built mainly in Persia (present-day Iran), that functions as an evaporative cooler, having a domed shape above ground and a subterranean storage space.
besilate: Alternative spelling of besylate
insaniac: One who is insane and maniacal.
teadress: Alternative form of tea dress
novolack: Alternative form of novolac
bushbird: Any of the tropical birds in the genera Neoctantes or Clytoctantes, found in South America.
furcatin: A natural product derived from Viburnum furcatum, with IUPAC name (2R,3S,4S,5R,6S)-2-[[(2R,3R,4R)-3,4-dihydroxy-4-(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]oxymethyl]-6-(4-prop-2-enylphenoxy)oxane-3,4,5-triol
myiobius: Any of the tropical birds in the genus Myiobius, found in Central and South America.
illudane: A toxic spirocyclic sesquiterpenoids produced by various bracken ferns and by fungi of the phylum Basidiomycota.
cahizada: Synonym of cahiz as a measure of land.
bentbill: Any of the tropical birds in the genus Oncostoma, found in Central and South America.
sirystes: Any of the tropical birds in the genus Sirystes, found in Central and South America.
fernwren: A bird of the species Oreoscopus gutturalis, native to Queensland, Australia.
newtonia: Any of the birds in the genus Newtonia, found in Madagascar.
astrapia: Any of the birds in the genus Astrapia, found in New Guinea.
binarion: An element in the second level of associative composition algebra being a composition of two unarions.
Quezonin: An inhabitant from Quezon province.
Tayabeño: A person from Quezon and Aurora provinces.
ætheling: Alternative spelling of atheling
songlark: A bird of the species Cincloramphus cruralis or Cincloramphus mathewsi, native to Australia.
speirops: A bird of any of the species Zosterops brunneus, Zosterops leucophoeus, Zosterops lugubris, or Zosterops melanocephalus, native to the islands of the Gulf of Guinea and a mountain in Cameroon.
isoclass: An isomorphism class.
Robellus: collective term for three major Canadian telecommunications companies Rogers Communications, Bell Canada, and Telus.
Tayabeña: feminine of Tayabeño
mallsoft: A vaporwave subgenre themed after retro shopping malls.
biolaser: A laser produced in biological materials.
pearldom: The state of being a pearl.
slangese: The language of slang; slang speech; the use of slang.
garklein: Ellipsis of garklein recorder.
love-tap: Alternative spelling of lovetap
Demotard: A Democrat.
woodkern: In medieval Ireland, a bandit operating in the forest.
lichwake: Alternative form of lich-wake
lamister: A person who is on the run from law enforcement.
subboset: A subset of a biordered set.
ahuriken: Ninja throwing knife.
plushcap: A bird of the species Catamblyrhynchus diadema, native to the Andes.
orelline: A yellow pigment derived from Bixa orellana with IUPAC name 3-hydroxy-2-(3-hydroxy-4-oxo-1H-pyridin-2-yl)-1H-pyridin-4-one.
qamancha: Alternative form of kamancheh
poly-yne: Alternative form of polyyne
blattoid: Any member of the Blattoidea superfamily of cockroaches.
Bikinian: A person from Bikini Atoll.
allotagm: Any of the possible surface forms yielded by a tagmeme.
road dog: A trusted friend.
lyxoside: A pyranoside ring in which the glycone is lyxose.
chonetid: Any member of the Chonetidae family of brachiopods
hexactin: Alternative form of hexactine
glegness: The quality of being gleg (smart; quick; brisk).
pinworks: A factory that makes pins.
plateasm: An overly broad or full style of pronunciation.
nuzlocke: Alternative letter-case form of Nuzlocke
myoscope: An instrument for studying the muscles.
mud wasp: Synonym of mud dauber (“type of wasp”)
skilsies: Alternative form of skully (“street game of flicking caps”)
skelsies: Alternative form of skully (“street game of flicking caps”)
drabette: Alternative form of drabbet (“coarse linen fabric”)
doupioni: Alternative form of dupioni
jobanowl: The referee in the game of dwile flonking.
casimire: Alternative form of cassimere
casimere: Alternative form of cassimere
bonellin: A green pigment found in Bonellia viridis with IUPAC name 3-[18-(2-carboxyethyl)-3,3,7,12,17-pentamethyl-22,23-dihydro-2H-porphyrin-2-yl]propanoic acid.
magadize: To play a piece of music simultaneously at two different octaves.
majolist: A maker of majolica earthenware.
manienie: Bermuda grass
manualii: A bird, the purple swamphen.
manusina: A bird, the white tern or common fairy tern.
Maragato: A man from the Spanish region of La Maragatería.
Maragata: A woman from the Spanish region of La Maragatería.
maundful: A basketful.
mastwood: The evergreen plant Calophyllum inophyllum.
micanite: A manufactured material consisting of small sheets of mica cemented with shellac or other insulating cement on cloth or paper.
melaxuma: A disease of walnut trees, characterized by cankers that exude a dark watery substance.
millpool: Synonym of millpond
vitusite: A rare, varicolored, orthorhombic mineral found in Greenland.
bondwork: Synonym of bond (“style of bricklaying”)
voissoir: Alternative form of voussoir
supinine: A pyrrolizidine alkaloid with IUPAC name [(8S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-3H-pyrrolizin-1-yl]methyl (2S)-2-hydroxy-2-[(1R)-1-hydroxyethyl]-3-methylbutanoate.
virivore: Alternative form of virovore
virovory: Alternative form of virivory
virivory: The eating of viruses. The dietary consumption of viruses. The condition of being virivorous. The condition of being a virovore.
acetator: A device wherein bacteria process a liquid containing alcohol with the help of oxygen into carboxylic acid.
full bed: Synonym of double bed (“a bed designed for two adults, typically measuring 54 by 75 inches (1.35 by 1.9 meters)”).
Kumeyaay: a Native American people of Southern California and Baja California.
virovore: An organism whose diet is primarily composed of viruses
virovore: An organism which deliberately eats viruses.
'straunt: Clipping of restaurant.
melanose: A fungal disease of citrus, caused by Diaporthe citri.
meroxene: A form of biotite in which the plane of the optic axis coincides with the plane of symmetry.
pale fox: Vulpes pallida, a fox endemic to the Sahel region of Africa.
milesima: An old Spanish coin worth one thousandth of the escudo.
miniator: One who miniates.
mingwort: Synonym of wormwood (“Artemisia species”)
minisher: One who minishes.
mollycot: An effeminate man.
monureid: Alternative form of monureide
moorburn: The controlled burning of moorland vegetation to encourage new growth (either heather or grassland) for the management of moorland game and wildlife or for improving the grazing potential.
moonpath: The elongated reflection of the moon on the water.
motorism: Synonym of automobilism
moulleen: A hornless cow.
sophoria: An alkaloid obtained from Dermatophyllum secundiflorum (formerly Sophora speciosa), having effects similar to those of the Calabar bean.
Daccaite: Archaic form of Dhakaite.
speecher: One who gives a speech.
pea clam: Synonym of fingernail clam
spitzkop: A rocky, sharp-pointed hill.
splenoma: A tumor of the spleen.
spoliary: The place in an Ancient Roman amphitheatre where slaughtered gladiators were dragged and the clothes stripped from their bodies.
sozology: The study of protecting the natural environment from the destructive effects of civilization.
comandra: The bastard toadflax, Comandra umbellata.
sprucery: The property of being spruce, of being neat and elegant.
logframe: In the Logical Framework Approach to project development, a matrix whose rows represent events (activities, outputs, purpose, goal) and whose columns list information about those events.
spurwing: Any of various butterflies of the genus Antigonus.
sybarism: Alternative form of sybaritism
mahpatti: Alternative form of muhapatti
muhpatti: Alternative form of muhapatti
sabromin: A bromine preparation used to treat epilepsy.
Saffarid: A member of a Persianate dynasty of eastern Iranian origin that ruled over parts of Persia, Greater Khorasan, and eastern Makran from 861 to 1003.
sacktime: Alternative form of sack time
jumpster: Synonym of jumper (all senses)
dunewort: A common name for the fern Botrychium campestre.
subgleba: A sterile base.
Anglofan: A science fiction fan from the United Kingdom.
asterite: An inhabitant of an asteroid.
Asterite: Alternative letter-case form of asterite
cityship: A spacecraft which contains an entire city.
cityship: A mobile seastead, as on a cruise ship.
ascogeny: The development of ascospores inside an ascus.
Cyberman: Alternative letter-case form of cyberman
Earthean: Rare form of Earthian.
ice hole: A hole in the ice of a frozen body of water, often man-made with the scope of fishing. (This entry is a translation hub.)
eyescrew: Alternative form of screw eye
montanin: A naturally found chemical compound with IUPAC name (1R,2R,6S,7S,8R,10S,11S,12R,16R,18R)-6,7-dihydroxy-8-(hydroxymethyl)-4,18-dimethyl-16-prop-1-en-2-yl-14-undecyl-9,13,15,19-tetraoxahexacyclo[12.4.1.0^(1,11).0^(2,6).0^(8,10).0^(12,16)]nonadec-3-en-5-one
screweye: Alternative form of screw eye
potorine: Potoroo.
eye hook: A hook with an eye or ring attached.
eye hook: The hook that goes into the eye of a hook and eye closure.
manacein: An alkaloid-like substance derived from Brunfelsia hopeana (or manaca) that is soluble in hot alcohol but not in cold and precipitated by ether.
cam band: A combination of webbing strap and cam action buckle used to hold on an air cylinder in scuba diving.
euhedron: A well formed crystal.
prevomer: A bone from non-mammalian vertebrates forming the anterior roof of the palate.
sylvioid: Any member of the Sylvioidea superfamily of birds.
byrrhoid: Any member of the Byrrhoidea superfamily of beetles.
heatpump: Alternative form of heat pump
hawksbit: Alternative spelling of hawkbit
tekoteko: A Maori human-form carving
subarena: A secondary or lesser arena.
Cadusian: A member of the Cadusii.
theetsee: Alternative form of thitsi
thitsiol: A poisonous, incompletely identified 4-heptadec(en)yl catechol found in plants of the genus Gluta.
murkness: Alternative form of murkiness
sagewood: The shrub Buddleja salviifolia.
salambao: Alternative form of salambaw
Saharian: Alternative form of Saharan
samavadi: Alternative form of samvadi
sancyite: A variety of trachyandesite.
curtisin: A tetracyclic sulfur-containing alkaloid with IUPAC name 8-hydroxy-4-[(S)-methylsulfinyl]-1,6-diazatetracyclo[7.6.1.0^(5,16).0^(10,15)]hexadeca-3,5(16),7,9,11,14-hexaene-2,13-dione
lipprint: The patterns left on a surface by one's lips, typically by lipstick or saliva.
sanitist: A sanitationist.
Cape fox: A fox (Vulpes chama) native to the Cape of south Africa.
mycoderm: Alternative form of mycoderma
grubroot: The plant Chamaelirium luteum.
sub-test: Alternative form of subtest
lonbarda: Alternative form of Lombard (“cannon”)
taqqanah: Alternative form of takkanah
bul'gogi: Alternative form of bulgogi
pakololo: Alternative form of pakalolo
takannah: Alternative form of takkanah
hackapik: Alternative form of hakapik
off-spin: Alternative form of off spin
hakapick: Alternative form of hakapik
mosaicry: The art of making mosaics.
cheburek: A deep-fried turnover filled with ground meat and onions, a national dish of the Crimean Tatars.
feedroom: A room within a barn where feed is kept, blended, and readied for distribution to the livestock.
musurana: Alternative form of mussurana
barstock: Alternative form of bar stock
bro-code: Alternative form of bro code
sassafac: Alternative form of sassafrac
Saulteur: A member of the Saulteaux people.
shephard: Misspelling of shepherd.
smockful: As much as a smock will hold.
feedsack: A sack (bag) for feed, usually of cotton or polymer cloth or of heavy paper; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, feedsack cloth was often reused for making clothing, quilts, or rags, and this tradition continues to some extent today.
sawmaker: Someone who makes saws.
saxifrax: sassafras
scabbler: A device for scabbling, or dressing stone.
gallerin: An antibiotic protein found in the brain of the wax moth larva.
cocoonet: A molting cocoon.
blue fit: nervous depression
scalenon: A scalene triangle.
bro code: A supposed code or law stating that men ("bros") should always support each other, especially in situations involving women.
markgraf: Alternative form of margrave.
comicdom: Collectively, all existing comics.
burggraf: Alternative form of burgrave.
aegagrus: The wild goat Capra aegagrus.
scaleman: A person employed to weigh goods on a scale.
sawsmith: A person who makes saw blades.
scalpeen: An improvised shelter made by laying branches over a ditch or similar.
metasite: A website consisting of hyperlinks to, or commentary on, other websites.
scappler: One who scapples.
face cap: A baseball cap.
schemery: The act of plotting or scheming.
scabbish: Alternative form of scabious (“the plant”)
cling-on: Synonym of cling (“type of window ornament”)
schochat: Alternative form of shochet
schochet: Alternative form of shochet
Scorpiid: A meteor appearing to originate from Scorpius.
scoutdom: The realm or sphere of scouts.
scraplet: A little scrap; a small piece of something.
sedjadeh: A Persian carpet measuring approximately 130–140 cm (51–55 in) x 200–210 cm (79–83 in).
seerhood: The state or condition of being a seer.
Sebright: A bantam chicken of a particular British breed.
sempstry: The work of a seamstress, sewing clothes.
serasker: Alternative form of seraskier
septship: The state or position of a sept (clan etc.).
Megatron: A fan of American singer-songwriter and television personality Meghan Trainor (born 1993).
seringal: A rubber-producing estate in the Amazon region.
cupgrass: Any plant of the genus Eriochloa
spunmelt: The process of making spunbonds and/or meltblowns.
spunmelt: A hybrid fabric composed of both spunbond and meltblown, in layers.
sewround: A kind of indoor shoe made inside out and stitched by hand.
shaatnez: Alternative form of shatnez
sheeplet: A little sheep; a lamb.
Goldback: Alternative letter-case form of goldback
sikargah: Alternative form of shikargah
Shinwari: A member of an ethnic Pashtun tribe of Afghanistan.
shiftage: Movement by shifting.
shipwork: The work of building and repairing ships.
burlicue: Alternative form of burlecue
burlecue: Burlesque (adult entertainment show).
shopwear: The condition of being shopworn; minor damage through being stored and handled in a retail outlet.
shopmark: A logo indicating the workshop from which a product originated.
sillikin: Alternative form of sillykin
sillyism: silliness
simility: Similarity; likeness.
sillyton: A silly person.
sinsring: Synonym of banxring
sissyism: The quality of being a sissy.
skalawag: Alternative form of scalawag
skeppist: A beekeeper who uses a skep.
skimmity: Short for skimmity-ride.
skedlock: charlock
skeppund: An old Swedish unit of weight, equivalent to 374 pounds.
skullful: The amount that a skull will hold.
skycraft: A vehicle that flies; an aircraft.
skippund: Alternative form of skeppund
skunklet: A young skunk.
slateful: The amount (of writing, etc.) that a slate will hold.
slendang: Alternative form of selendang
Demonrat: Synonym of Demoncrat.
slavelet: Synonym of slaveling
snoeking: Fishing for snoek.
rivuline: A killifish of the family Nothobranchiidae (African rivulines) or Aplocheilidae (Asian rivulines).
aluminyl: Aluminium in the +1 oxidation state.
parabomb: A bomb dropped by parachute.
girlypop: Pop music involving female singers, seen as being especially feminine or girly.
girlypop: A gay man.
cam girl: Alternative spelling of camgirl
panouchi: Alternative form of panocha
panococo: Swartzia panacoco, a tree of the bean family, growing in Guyana, South America, and having hard, durable wood.
pansmith: A person who makes and repairs metal pans.
vape pen: Alternative form of vapor pen
banakite: A form of trachyandesite
partyist: One who is devoted to a party or faction.
herpelid: Any member of the Herpelidae family of amphibians
junk fee: A fee that is not disclosed openly until the time of payment
farm sim: Synonym of farming sim.
life sim: Synonym of life simulation.
city sim: Synonym of city-building game.
pentille: A tessellation of the plane consisting of irregular pentagons.
Pasagian: A member of a religious sect that appeared in Lombardy in the late 12th or early 13th century, and considered Christ the highest created being and a demiurge by whom all other creatures were brought into being.
trougher: A greedy person.
trougher: (chiefly Britain) A careerist politician, especially one representing the Scottish National Party.
trougher: Alternative spelling of troffer
patashte: The tree Theobroma bicolor.
patnidar: A kind of tenant landholder in India.
peachlet: A small peach.
penthrit: Alternative form of penthrite (“pentaerythritol tetranitrate”)
perukier: A maker or seller of perukes.
kickstep: Alternative form of kick-step
dokkaebi: A creature in Korean mythology, also known as "Korean goblin"
carotane: A fully saturated derivative of β-carotene with IUPAC name 1,1,3-trimethyl-2-[3,7,12,16-tetramethyl-18-(2,2,6-trimethylcyclohexyl)octadecyl]cyclohexane.
asfetida: Alternative spelling of asafoetida
assarius: Synonym of as (“Ancient Roman coin”)
assarion: Synonym of as (“Ancient Roman coin”)
upbreeze: A breeze that blows upward.
hemipeen: Synonym of hemipenis
asyngamy: Absence of syngamy.
hemipene: Synonym of hemipenis
juvenate: juniorate.
hemiclit: Synonym of hemiclitoris
Aubusson: A kind of decorative rug from Aubusson in Creuse, France.
attargul: attar of roses
Romology: The study of the Roma people.
slumlady: a female slumlord.
Mayology: Alternative form of Mayanology
marvelry: marvellousness
manutagi: Ptilinopus porphyraceus, the crimson-crowned fruit dove.
lycosome: A formulation of lycopene and whey protein used as a food supplement.
mid-kiln: The middle portion of a kiln.
nanoflat: Synonym of nanoapartment.
unfealty: Lack of fealty; disloyalty.
intreaty: Obsolete form of entreaty.
paleosea: An ancient sea.
nigerite: A synonym of ferronigerite.
earflare: A kind of earspool (short cylindrical ear ornament) worn by high-status Maya.
soap boy: A young male assistant at a men's barbershop, typically tasked with rubbing shaving soap into men's beards.
soap boy: A young male employee in any field whose job primarily involves working with soap.
jarmakee: A Turkish archery technique using a three-finger grip to draw the bowstring.
manoushe: Alternative form of manakish
manooshe: Alternative form of manakish
Segestan: A native or inhabitant of Segesta.
wine cup: Alternative spelling of winecup
wine-cup: Alternative spelling of winecup
word box: A printed box containing a list of words to be used in filling the gaps in a passage of text, as part of a cloze exercise.
masekhet: A Talmudic tractate.
nontrier: One who has not tried something such as a product or a recreational drug.
kusu rat: A small mouselike African rodent of the genus Arvicanthis.
baignoir: Alternative form of baignoire
pan drop: A mint imperial.
russiano: Alternative form of Russiano
Russiano: Synonym of americano (“coffee”)
agrihood: A type of planned community that integrates agriculture into a residential neighborhood. The purpose is to facilitate food production and to provide green space, recreation, aesthetics and value for a community.
groutfit: An entirely gray (or grey) outfit.
tokkaebi: Alternative form of dokkaebi
vajungle: A vagina with unkempt or poorly maintained pubic hair.
sub-band: Alternative form of subband
punchnep: A Welsh dish of mashed potatoes and turnips.
sand bee: A mining bee
foot-jaw: A limb of a crustacean, insect, or other arthropod, that acts as an accessory mouth-part.
canarism: Unique elements of the Spanish language spoken in the Canary Islands.
Twitcher: A streamer on the video livestream service Twitch.
YouNower: A broadcaster on the broadcasting service YouNow.
game jam: An organized competition lasting a few days wherein people create a game from scratch (especially a video game), often having a set theme.
Bob Hope: Dope, cannabis.
egger-on: Agent noun of egg on: one who eggs on, one who encourages or provokes another.
saltcake: Alternative form of salt cake
rapecake: Alternative form of rape cake
bhurtote: A strangler (one who murders by strangling).
downtree: A subtree of a tree data structure that is immediately below the current node.
sabreleg: Alternative form of saber leg
e-source: An online source, as opposed to traditional print sources.
fräulein: Alternative spelling of fraulein.
saberleg: Alternative form of saber leg
armywear: Clothing to be worn by the army.
end-user: Alternative form of end user
boatwear: Clothing to be worn in a boat.
dogswear: Alternative form of dogwear.
swimmate: A person or animal with which one swims.
citywear: Clothing to be worn in the city.
tamanoas: Magical power, in the Chinook culture.
tambreet: The platypus.
tanworks: A tannery.
Tangaloa: Any of an important family of gods in Tongan mythology.
tarrapin: Obsolete form of terrapin.
tapework: The use of tapes to produce audio effects.
tarafdar: The person in charge of a taraf.
tarkashi: An Indian form of inlay art on wood.
tarbogan: Archaic form of toboggan.
tarbogan: A marmot.
teenwear: Clothing for teenagers.
telecode: A numerical encoding of a Tibetan word or phrase, used in CIA espionage.
peg dope: A substance used to lubricate the pegs of a string instrument and to provide friction between the pegs and the strings
taikhana: Alternative form of tahkhana
sockwear: Socks (as a category of clothing).
tankroom: A room where tanks (fluid containers) are kept.
tasselet: A little tassel.
Tchekist: Alternative form of Chekist
Tamulian: A member of the aboriginal peoples of the Himalayas.
Kalingan: A native or inhabitant of Kalinga.
tavernry: Carousing and drinking in taverns.
tenterer: One who tenters (stretches cloth on a framework).
terracer: An agricultural tool for building dirt terraces.
wavedash: A technique within competitive Super Smash Bros. performed by air dodging diagonally into the ground.
hoarypea: Any of various plants of the genus Tephrosia.
tholthan: A half-ruined cottage.
teroxide: Synonym of trioxide
theowdom: The role or status of a theow.
themelet: A little theme.
thornlet: A little thorn.
gameware: Video game software.
vaseware: Vases collectively.
thuggess: Alternative form of thugess
thronger: One who throngs.
mealware: Utensils for holding, cooking, or serving a meal.
chefwear: Clothing to be worn by chefs.
cyborium: Obsolete spelling of ciborium
fallwear: Clothing to be worn in the fall season.
chefware: High-end cooking supplies such as knives, pans, and utensils.
dineware: Synonym of dinnerware.
laddette: Alternative form of ladette.
toadback: A kind of large, orange-fleshed pumpkin.
tolliker: A hatter's tool for shaping the brim of a hat.
Tolpatch: A Hungarian foot soldier of the 17th and 18th centuries.
soupbowl: Uncommon form of soup bowl.
tommycod: Synonym of tomcod (“the fish Microgadus tomcod”)
waternut: Synonym of jelly coconut
meliacin: A type of limonoid chemical.
Bhumihar: A member of a Hindu caste mainly found in Bihar, formerly a prominent land-owning group of eastern India.
wineware: Articles used in the preparation and drinking of wine.
topswarm: The initial swarm of bees leaving a hive.
treacler: A maker of antidotes for poison.
tossment: Tossing; moving restlessly.
travally: Alternative form of trevally
monoamid: Archaic form of monoamide.
endotome: The somite cells that eventually give rise to the endothelium.
endotome: A medical instrument consisting of scissors with curved blades and long crossing handles, originally used for decapitating a fetus.
endotome: A retractable blade that allows great control over the depth of an incision, used for myotomy and arthrotomy.
truantcy: Alternative form of truancy
Troytown: Alternative form of Troy town
trumbash: A twisty Sudanese throwing knife.
trevette: Alternative form of trivet (“weaver's knife”)
wristpin: Alternative form of wrist pin
thumbtip: Alternative form of thumb tip
Turdetan: A member of the Turdetani.
pizeball: A game somewhat resembling rounders.
tut-ball: Alternative form of tutball
unnerver: One who unnerves.
wastegal: A female wasteman (loser, bum).
Tylerite: A supporter of the Reformed theology of Bennet Tyler.
otilimab: A human antibody medication used in treating autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Motowner: A writer or performer of Motown music.
merotopy: The set of all subsets of a topological space such that, for some element in that space every neighbourhood of that element contains a member of the subset.
tarufdar: Alternative form of tarafdar
nilspace: The maximum subspace of a representation space R on which a representation of a group G applied to a subgroup of G is unipotent.
thionite: A fictional addictive drug said to induce euphoric dreams.
time cop: A member of the time police.
lip fern: A saxatile fern of the genus Cheilanthes, or related genera such as Myriopteris.
monolift: A weight rack on which the rest of the bar is levered away automatically or by a spotter so the (at heavy weights injury-risky) repositioning of the athlete’s legs for a squat (the walkout) or shoulders for a benchpress can be avoided for execution of the exercise.
citymate: One who comes from the same city.
bugcheck: Alternative form of bug check
deodarin: A flavonol derived from Cedrus deodara with IUPAC name (2R,3R)-2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-3,5,7-trihydroxy-8-methyl-2,3-dihydrochromen-4-one.
agaphite: A blue conchoidal variety of turquoise.
Musalman: Archaic form of Mussulman.
hedgetop: The top of a hedge.
buzzbait: A fishing lure with blades that disturb the surface of the water.
war-game: Alternative form of war game
alkamine: A type of amino alcohol.
albanite: A melanocratic leucitite
albanite: Alternative form of Albanian
alurgite: A manganese mica that occurs in purplish colours.
ambonite: A mineral consisting of cordierite-bearing hornblende-biotite-andesite.
laconist: Somebody who admires Sparta.
endoynym: A name used by a group for themselves or their location.
scolopin: An antimicrobial peptide produced by Scolopendra subspinipes mutilans.
nut-case: Alternative form of nutcase
shmutter: Alternative spelling of schmutter
shingara: Alternative form of singara (“samosa”)
apiphobe: An apiphobic person.
cyaphide: the phosphorus analogue of cyanide
amazique: An African tree of the genus Guibourtia
'NSYNCer: Alternative form of *NSYNCer
shrub ox: Euceratherium, an extinct bovid related to the muskox
Boyzoner: A member of the Irish boy band Boyzone.
*NSYNCer: A member of the American boy band *NSYNC.
topsnail: Alternative form of top snail
baby gay: A gay (homosexual) person who is newly out or newly active in the community.
ty-foong: Alternative form of tyfoong: obsolete spelling of typhoon
otakuism: The obsessive interest of an otaku, especially an interest in anime or manga.
beer hat: A novelty hat with a tube that allows the wearer to drink from attached cans of beer.
beehiver: A keeper of a beehive; beekeeper.
Numenian: A proponent of the philosophical ideas of Numenius of Apamea.
jalloppy: Dated form of jalopy.
barrigon: The deciduous tree Pseudobombax septenatum.
gold-198: The radioactive isotope of gold, ¹⁹⁸₇₉Au, with a half-life of about 2.7 days.
jagueite: A monoclinic mineral containing copper, palladium, and selenium.
gold-197: A stable isotope ¹⁹⁷₇₉Au, having 79 protons and 118 neutrons; it is the only stable isotope of gold, and the only isotope of gold that occurs in nature in significant amounts.
foodtech: Food technology, that is, technology (such as information technology) focused on producing food
foodtech: A company in the food sector, such as a food manufacturer
line car: route bus
sky beer: Fermented toddy palm juice.
pishtush: Nonsense; tommyrot.
aamchoor: Alternative form of amchur
Yamato-e: A classical Japanese style of painting, characterized by many small figures, detailed depictions of buildings and other objects, an oblique view from above showing interiors, and partial depictions with the remaining area ignored or covered by a cloud.
weedhook: Alternative form of weed hook
emophobe: One who dislikes emo music and/or the emo subculture.
sh-thole: Censored spelling of shithole.
----hole: Censored spelling of shithole.
s***hole: Censored spelling of shithole.
s---hole: Censored spelling of shithole.
sh!thole: Censored spelling of shithole.
s**thole: Censored spelling of shithole.
Kiwiness: The quality of being Kiwi: from or characteristic of New Zealand.
s--thole: Censored spelling of shithole.
dish dog: Synonym of dish pig
juju man: Alternative form of jujuman
yosenabe: A Japanese hot pot with chicken, seafood, and vegetables.
sour fig: Carpobrotus edulis, a creeping plant of South Africa with edible fruit.
ancodont: Any mammal in the infraorder Ancodonta— hippos and their extinct relatives.
pinatoro: Strathmore weed
arc-over: Alternative form of arcover
cyclidan: Any member of the Cyclida order of crab-like arthropods.
toestrap: A strap that goes over the top of the toe end of a shoe to hold a foot in place. Used in sailing or cycling
toestrap: An exercise band that fits over toes.
deadfold: Ability of a packaging material to retain a fold or to stay folded.
triostin: A bicyclic peptide with IUPAC name N-[(1R,4S,7R,11S,14R,17S,20R,24S)-2,4,12,15,17,25-hexamethyl-3,6,10,13,16,19,23,26-octaoxo-11,24-di(propan-2-yl)-20-(quinoxaline-2-carbonylamino)-9,22-dioxa-28,29-dithia-2,5,12,15,18,25-hexazabicyclo[12.12.4]triacontan-7-yl]quinoxaline-2-carboxamide
whipnose: An anglerfish of the family Gigantactinidae.
Aceldama: A field of bloodshed, a place of slaughter.
kowliang: Alternative form of kaoliang
unseater: Someone who unseats (in various senses).
alsifilm: A thin, transparent, flexible film made from bentonite.
coconana: A mixture of coconut and banana.
zooarium: Alternative form of zoarium
champain: Alternative form of champaine
non-trad: A non-traditional student; a university student above the age of the wider student body; an adult student.
snakeman: A mythological creature that is part man and part snake.
ruffneck: Alternative form of roughneck (“rowdy person”)
shnozzle: Alternative form of schnozzle
Wokerati: Alternative letter-case form of wokerati.
palamino: Alternative form of palomino
hilljack: A hillbilly or redneck.
Welsbach: Short for Welsbach mantle.
yertchuk: Eucalyptus consideniana, an Australian plant of the myrtle family.
bonytail: Gila elegans, a cyprinid freshwater fish of the southwestern United States.
bosthoon: Alternative form of bostoon
hot poop: The latest news or gossip.
brotulid: Any member of the Brotulidae.
bus girl: Alternative form of busgirl
woo girl: A young woman who behaves in a loud, exhibitionistic manner in public.
amp-hour: Synonym of ampere-hour
includer: One who or that which includes.
scrunkly: A scrunkly person, animal, or thing.
Lou Reed: Speed (the recreational drug).
ledgebag: Synonym of lege (“a legend; a person held in high regard”)
jog-trot: Alternative form of jogtrot
joy girl: A female prostitute.
scarplet: A small scarp.
Canarsee: A member of a band of Munsee-speaking Lenape who inhabited the westernmost end of Long Island at the time the Dutch colonized New Amsterdam in the 1620s and 1630s.
funguria: The presence of fungus in the urine.
lamahood: The state of being a lama.
epitaphy: An epitaph (description on a gravestone)
epitaphy: The art or practice of writing epitaphs.
flexting: The sending of flirtatious text messages.
modiwarp: Alternative form of mouldwarp
moondown: Synonym of moonset
movingui: The deciduous tree Distemonanthus benthamianus or its wood.
cecopexy: Alternative spelling of caecopexy
Heaf gun: A spring-loaded instrument with six needles arranged in a circular formation, inserted in the wrist or shoulder to perform the Heaf test.
schloomp: Alternative spelling of schlump
pak-a-pu: Alternative form of pakapoo
eye-gate: The sense of sight as a means of connection to the soul.
nebentan: A potent endothelin receptor A antagonist.
monotile: A prototile tiling monohedrally; any shape able to completely tile some space on its own (allowing for translation, rotation, and reflection).
shaikdom: Alternative spelling of sheikdom
clayster: A worker of clay.
alodiary: Alternative form of allodiary
michelia: Any plant of the genus Michelia.
Mond gas: A cheap coal gas formerly used for industrial heating purposes, produced along with ammonia by the combustion of coal with air and steam.
psychol.: Abbreviation of psychology.
nesthole: A hole, either naturally occurring or excavated, in a tree, rockface, termite mound, etc., which is used as a nest.
co-ruler: Alternative form of coruler
acemisia: Hatred of asexual people and/or human asexuality; prejudice against people on the asexual spectrum.
vac pack: Short for vacuum pack.
silkvine: Periploca graeca, a vine of Europe and the Middle East with fuzzy purple flowers.
kanchani: A dancing girl.
ice sled: ice sledge
shahzadé: Alternative form of shahzada
shahzade: Alternative form of shahzada
shahbānū: Alternative form of shahbanu
shāhzāda: Alternative form of shahzada
shahzada: The son of a shah.
shahbanu: The consort of a shah.
Aggadist: Alternative form of Haggadist
aka miso: Alternative form of akamiso
neutrium: Synonym of neutronium
neutrite: Synonym of neutronium
snookery: A place where snooker is played.
snookery: Trickery.
FK model: Short for Frenkel-Kontorova model.
nozawana: A Japanese leaf vegetable, often pickled.
saddener: That which saddens.
precornu: Alternative form of praecornu
bioflick: A biographical film.
tong doc: A Vietnamese viceroy.
airation: aeration
peamouth: Mylocheilus caurinus, a large minnow native to the northwestern US and southwestern Canada.
chacrona: Alternative form of chacruna
gletcher: glacier
kaffarah: Alternative form of kaffara
bounches: Alternative form of bunches: plural of bunch
chacruna: The flowering plant Psychotria viridis.
deck box: A small box designed for storing a collection of trading cards.
sideneck: Short for side-necked turtle.
jurubaça: An interpreter of Portuguese in the Far East, particularly in Macau and other Portuguese colonies between the 16th and the 18th centuries.
non-name: Alternative form of nonname
shinbeam: Alternative form of shinbin
shinbeen: Alternative form of shinbin
chobadar: Alternative form of chobdar
choabdar: Alternative form of chobdar
chobedar: Alternative form of chobdar
memehood: The state of being a meme.
musqueto: Obsolete form of mosquito.
saratoga: Either of two species of osteoglossid fish of the genus Scleropages, native to northeastern Australia.
butt-ton: A large amount.
key club: A private club, the members of which each have a key
kidglove: Alternative form of kid glove
naxalone: Misspelling of naloxone.
lap robe: A small blanket that covers the legs of someone seated
bedesten: An indoor marketplace in the Ottoman Empire.
n-sphere: An n-dimensional hypersphere: the 2-sphere is a circle, the 3-sphere is the usual sphere, the 4-sphere is a glome, etc.
photolab: A photographic processing laboratory.
ice pole: (UK (especially Scotland)) A frozen snack consisting of flavored ice or juice in a tube; a freeze pop
ice pole: A frozen snack consisting of flavored ice or juice in a tube; a freeze pop
pickfork: A pitchfork.
polushka: A Russian coin worth one quarter of a kopek.
ambilogy: Words or language of doubtful meaning.
Povindah: A member of a class of warrior nomadic traders in what is now Afghanistan and north-western Pakistan, belonging chiefly to the Ghilji.
ozobrome: A form of carbro print.
pamakani: The flowering plant Tetramolopium capillare.
paneller: One who appears on a panel; a panellist.
paneller: A person who fits panels.
edgeloop: Alternative form of edge loop
peh-tsai: Alternative form of petsai
dog-bear: An extinct doglike species of bear found in Europe, Asia and North America during the Miocene epoch; a hemicyonine.
koaliang: Alternative form of kaoliang
poophyte: A plant that grows best in grass-covered meadows.
konohiki: A head man of a land division of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Willopah: Alternative form of Willapa
Willapah: Alternative form of Willapa
vanlifer: Someone leading a vanlife.
cool pop: A frozen snack consisting of flavored ice or juice in a tube; a freeze pop.
prat boy: gofer
houmongi: A semiformal kimono
triology: A trilogy.
noon fly: Mesembrina meridiana, a small, black-bodied fly with orangeish wings.
crow tit: Alternative spelling of crow-tit
mazhanje: Uapaca kirkiana, the sugar-plum.
liptooth: A North American terrestrial snail of the genus Daedalochila or Linisa.
job club: A group of people who help each other to find employment
jibsheet: the sheet (rope) used to control the jib (sail)
job lock: the inability of an employee to freely leave a job because doing so will result in the loss of employee benefits
flag bag: A bag for collecting donations on flag day.
learnean: A member of the family (Lernaeidae) of parasitic crustaceans found attached to fishes and other marine animals.
metacrap: Metatheory, metanalysis, and other meta disciplines.
metacrap: Low-quality or unreliable metadata.
porkrind: Alternative spelling of pork rind
rec hall: Clipping of recreation hall.
soapbush: Miconia crenata, a glossy-leaved shrub of the Americas, invasive in many parts of the tropics; .
soapbush: Guaiacum angustifolium, a tree of the caltrop family, native to Texas and Mexico.
ridstake: a post in a cowshed for tethering cattle
glassite: A fictional material, typically described as being transparent like glass.
art work: Alternative form of artwork
iPad kid: A child who gets all of their entertainment through an iPad or other tablet; a child who is addicted to using their tablet.
scariant: An unconfirmed or unstudied variant or strain of COVID-19 that causes widespread panic.
recation: A vacation from the routine of retirement
w-anchor: Euphemistic form of wanker.
lidoderm: A transdermal patch of lidocaine, used to help reduce pain or itching.
buy-bust: The police tactic of purchasing illegal drugs from a drug dealer in order to arrest the dealer for selling them.
sofa set: A furniture set consisting of a sofa and chairs with a matching design.
wharekai: The dining hall in a marae.
destoner: A device for removing stones.
overroof: A roof constructed above another roof.
sit spin: A kind of spin in figure skating, executed in a sitting position with the knee of the skating leg bent and the free leg held in front.
'chutist: Alternative spelling of chutist
rip cord: Alternative form of ripcord
metaphen: Synonym of nitromersol
eye lift: Alternative form of eyelift
Tsetsaut: A member of an Athabaskan-speaking group whose territory was around the head of the Portland Canal, straddling what is now the boundary between the US state of Alaska and the Canadian province of British Columbia.
trambiyo: An old monetary unit of Kutch, worth half a dokda.
Tylorian: A follower of the English anthropologist Edward Burnett Tylor.
tsedakah: Alternative spelling of tzedakah
open fan: unducted fan, propfan
open fan: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see open, fan.
shipmind: An intelligent entity (either an artificial intelligence or alien) used to control a spaceship.
Burqueño: A resident or native of Albuquerque.
Marcyite: A supporter or follower of Sam Marcy (1911–1998), American lawyer, writer, and Marxist-Leninist activist who co-founded the Workers World Party (WWP).
Datagnon: Alternative form of Ratagnon
Latagnon: Alternative form of Ratagnon
tompouce: A pastry from the Netherlands resembling mille-feuille.
bulb-out: A traffic calming measure that widens the sidewalk for a short distance.
bulb-out: A round area of pavement that protrudes from one side of a road to accommodate turning vehicles with a wide turning circle.
stumpcam: Alternative form of stump cam.
fish-eye: Alternative form of fisheye.
nonymity: The use of a (real) name as opposed to anonymity.
calorics: The study of heat flow and heat transfer.
SpaceXer: An employee of the American spacecraft manufacturer, launcher, and satellite communications corporation SpaceX.
wolfcall: Alternative form of wolf call.
payyetan: Alternative form of paytan
creashak: The bearberry, Arctostaphylos uva-ursi.
Gelbvieh: A bull or cow of a breed originating in Bavaria, Germany, in the mid-18th century.
rapidway: A separated bus lane forming part of a bus rapid transit system.
drinkerd: One who routinely drinks alcoholic beverages socially, but who is not a drunkard.
Gaianist: An adherent of Gaianism.
tofersen: A medication used to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
cuckcake: A woman who has sex with someone else's partner, with the consent of both.
long pot: A shot that pots a ball from across most of the table.
droewors: A kind of dried sausage similar to boerewors.
overhook: A clinch hold performed by putting an arm over the opponent's arm, and encircling the opponent's arm or upper body.
PayPaler: An employee of PayPal.
wart hog: Archaic form of warthog.
bar girl: Alternative form of bargirl
war lord: Alternative form of warlord
halalcor: Alternative form of halalcore
sereness: The quality of being sere.
end mill: Alternative spelling of endmill
aiphanol: A stilbenolignan found in the seeds of Aiphanes aculeata.
Lusitano: A Portuguese breed of horse, solid-colored, generally gray, bay or chestnut, and having a convex facial profile and heavy muscling.
oecumene: Alternative form of ecumene
lokelani: The damask rose.
roofbolt: A safety bolt installed in the roof of an underground mine.
quadsuit: Alternative form of quad suit.
lexiarch: In ancient Athens: someone whose role it was to ensure that only citizens entered the ecclesia ("the public legislative assembly of the Athenians").
leftback: Alternative form of left back
mag tape: Short for magnetic tape.
VTOLport: An airport for VTOL aircraft.
patentcy: Alternative form of patency
Eugenian: A native or inhabitant of Eugene, Oregon.
drainout: A channel for the purpose of draining liquid out of a system.
snap gun: A tool for opening a mechanical pin tumbler lock without a key, by means of a rod that is inserted into the lock and briefly fired against all of the lock pins simultaneously, momentarily freeing the cylinder and enabling it to be turned using a tension wrench.
nepocide: Alternative form of nepoticide (“killing of one's own nephew”).
meat-pie: Alternative form of meat pie.
boteroll: Alternative form of boterol
particel: Misspelling of particle.
rap back: A notification that someone who previously passed a fingerprinting or background check has since been arrested or otherwise done something that may have or would have changed the results of the earlier check.
side hug: A hug with limited contact, where one person stands beside the other and puts an arm around their shoulder or waist.
parandja: Alternative form of paranja (“robe with a veil”)
goesinta: An opening in which something enters.
shovavim: A period of six to eight weeks every year in which, according to some kabbalists, one should focus on repentance for sins, particularly sexual sins.
goesouta: An opening in which something exits.
parareka: Synonym of king fern (“the plant Ptisana salicina”)
parochet: The curtain that covered the Ark of the Covenant.
parochet: The curtain that covers the ark containing the Torah scrolls in a synagogue.
alt rock: Alternative form of alt-rock.
pastepot: A pot for holding paste.
crankism: The beliefs or behaviour of a crank (unconventional person); eccentricity; kookishness.
cromeski: Alternative form of kromesky
crossite: An inosilicate double-chain sodic amphibole mineral of the riebeckite group, now discredited.
Parenica: A traditional Slovak cheese that is steamed and usually smoked, and was originally made from sheep's milk.
lifeship: A spaceship serving as an emergency medical center.
Lunarite: An inhabitant of Earth's Moon.
jumpship: A spaceship able to instantaneously move large distances through space by traveling through hyperspace or jumpspace.
rimworld: A planet located near the edge or rim of a galaxy.
robotrix: A female robot, or one with feminine characteristics.
star-map: A map detailing the distribution of prominent stars in the night sky.
pooptard: An extremely stupid person, especially one implied to be incontinent.
pooptard: A stupid person with a scatological paraphilia.
palendag: A type of Philippine bamboo flute.
potholey: Having many potholes.
mindlink: A telepathic link or connection between separate minds.
mindfood: Something which is consumed by the mind in the manner of food.
chantard: A participant on the 4chan online imageboard and forum
chantard: By extension, a participant on online forums and imageboards
threedee: Alternative form of 3D
weirdist: Someone who creates or enjoys weird fiction ("a macabre subgenre of speculative fiction").
press-on: A fake nail that can be applied on top of one's real nail.
subether: A fictional medium through which faster-than-light signals are able to travel.
threevee: A screen or television able to display a three-dimensional image.
Comacine: Short for Comacine master.
prespace: Any of various theoretical states of physical existence that precede or underlie three-dimensional space.
spacedog: A dog who travels in outer space.
spacedog: A person experienced in space travel.
booktalk: Alternative form of book talk
Fortisan: A kind of strong yarn once used to make parachutes.
semicell: Half of a cell.
semiarch: Half of an arch.
dray-man: Archaic form of drayman.
ecobrick: A plastic bottle densely packed with used plastic to create a reusable building block that achieves plastic sequestration.
herepath: A wide Anglo-Saxon military road connecting burhs
herepath: The remains of an ancient path or way
Hamprace: A pig that is a cross-breed between the Hampshire and a landrace.
pap test: Alternative letter-case form of Pap test.
Popovets: singular of Popovtsy
regmaker: A drink or medicine taken as a hangover cure.
bed-side: Archaic form of bedside.
codshead: A stupid person; a fool.
devolvee: One to whom a right is transferred by devolution.
conveyee: One to whom a title is transferred by conveyance.
fatlogic: Alternative form of fat logic
tightner: A meal, particularly a large one.
anjumara: Synonym of aimara (“type of fish”)
scrapbox: A box for storing fragments of material or documents etc. that may be of use or interest at a later time.
game pad: Alternative form of gamepad
fuzztail: Synonym of broomtail (“small, inferior horse”)
sausager: A pig or other animal raised to produce meat for sausages.
bathwear: Clothing to be worn after bathing.
lampware: Lamps collectively.
bathware: Furniture and items used for bathing, such as tubs, faucets, and soap.
bootwear: Boots (as a category of clothing).
sinkware: Items used with a sink, such as drainers, mats, faucets, and soap dishes.
sinkware: Sinks collectively.
rubyware: Articles made from ruby.
boneware: Articles made from bone.
chopmill: Alternative spelling of chop mill
caiarara: A kind of capuchin monkey.
cyclogon: A curve created by the vertex of a polygon rolling on a straight line.
dudeship: The quality or condition of being a dude.
gigafire: A wildfire which burns more than one million acres.
meat fly: blowfly
kalaleng: A type of nose flute made from bamboo from the Philippines.
hooktail: Any dragonfly of the genus Paragomphus.
hooktail: A hooktail skate (Dipturus oregoni)
rathouse: Alternative form of rat house
beoparry: A trader, especially a petty trader or dealer.
Rakhaing: A member of the Rakhine people.
marierom: Obsolete form of marjoram.
eastness: The quality of being eastern.
hoolihan: Alternative form of houlihan
heptapod: Something with seven legs.
nopalito: A dish made with diced nopales and vegetables.
typiness: The quality of being typy.
squinney: The thirteen-lined ground squirrel.
Choptank: A member of an Algonquian-speaking Native American people historically inhabiting the Eastern Shore of Maryland on the Delmarva Peninsula.
foreline: A piece of tube connecting components in a vacuum system.
devo-max: Alternative form of devo max.
moonship: A spaceship designed for travelling to the Moon.
one-pump: An instance of one-pumping.
barbtail: Any of the birds in the genera Premnornis, Premnoplex and Roraimia, found in South America.
Red Dane: Synonym of Danish Red
Rogerene: A member of a religious sect founded in 1674 by John Rogers (1648–1721) in New London, Connecticut.
almagest: Any book resembling the Almagest.
beerline: Alternative form of beer line
V engine: An internal combustion engine configuration consisting of two cylinder banks—usually with the same number of cylinders in each bank—connected to a common crankshaft, and arranged at an angle to each other so as to form a V shape when viewed from the front of the engine.
gnomette: A female gnome.
mindwash: Synonym of brainwash.
souanpan: Alternative form of suanpan
gzi bead: Alternative form of dzi bead
dzi bead: A kind of stone bead worn as an ornament for spiritual purposes in Tibet and other Central Asian cultures.
japamala: Synonym of mala (“religious set of beads”).
mugfaker: A street photographer who takes people's portraits.
ukrynazi: Alternative form of Ukronazi
noodlery: A restaurant that specializes in noodle dishes.
ukranazi: Alternative form of Ukronazi
cencaluk: Alternative form of cincalok
scribess: A female scribe.
rock gym: A climbing gym.
goulasch: Alternative form of goulash
e-school: Synonym of cyberschool
Korintje: Cinnamomum burmanni, a variety of cinnamon.
Lyle gun: A line thrower powered by a short-barrelled cannon, used from the late 19th century to the mid-20th century.
yazidiat: tyranny, oppression
hep-lock: Clipping of heparin lock.
Marscape: Alternative form of Marsscape.
Ren fest: Clipping of Renaissance festival.
Bo Derek: A 30-year Treasury bond issued by the United States federal government in 1980.
invexity: The state of being invex.
reinback: Alternative form of rein-back
elfology: The study of elves.
toothach: Obsolete spelling of toothache
film bro: A male fan of arthouse cinema, typically viewed as pretentious.
eyecolor: Alternative form of eye color.
wheel-up: A reload
firecoal: A burning coal.
Chareidi: Alternative form of Haredi
gangplow: A plow with multiple plowshares, moldboards, and colters, arranged in a series to turn parallel furrows simultaneously
gangplow: A combination of several plows with blades in one frame, operated as a machine
unconess: The state or condition of being unco; strangeness, eccentricity.
piedtail: A hummingbird of the genus Phlogophilus, native to Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
coderoom: A room where cryptography is carried out.
mamzerut: The state of being a mamzer (child born of an impermissible union).
iterancy: Alternative form of iterance
larkheel: Alternative form of lark's-heel (“monks cress”)
bus mile: A mile driven by an individual bus, used as a statistical unit in transport calculations.
cadreman: A member of a cadre.
canawler: Alternative form of canaller (“a person living or working along a canal”)
piprites: Any of the tropical birds in the genus Piprites, found in Central and South America.
eulytine: A mineral containing bismuth, silicon and oxygen.
Eugenean: Alternative form of Eugenian
mineplow: Alternative spelling of mine plow
mezzuzah: Alternative form of mezuzah
unenmity: A lack of enmity.
unparity: A lack of parity.
unsanity: A lack of sanity; insanity.
pit head: Alternative form of pithead (sense 1).
seenness: The state or condition of being seen; visibility.
epimacus: Synonym of opinicus.
vininess: The state or condition of being viny.
dwarvess: Rare form of dwarfess.
Amadotte: A pear cultivar.
trammage: The conveyance of goods by tram.
mailbase: Synonym of listserv (“electronic mailing list”).
Severyan: Alternative form of Severian
misnaged: An opponent of Hasidism.
hekhsher: Alternative form of hechsher
Siverian: Alternative form of Severian
Severian: A member of a tribe or tribal confederation of early East Slavs once occupying areas to the east of the middle Dnieper River and southeast of the Danube River.
Radimich: A member of an East Slavic tribe of the last several centuries of the 1st millennium, inhabiting upper east parts of the Dnieper down the Sozh and its tributaries.
chazanut: Alternative form of chazzanut
nontoken: One who or that which is not a token.
laugh-in: A comedy show.
keythong: A mythical beast resembling a griffin with no wings, often classified as a male griffin.
ferrinho: A type of percussion instrument originating Cape Verde.
skeeling: Alternative form of skeiling
mo'fucka: Pronunciation spelling of motherfucker.
semikhah: The ordination of a rabbi.
Chasidus: Alternative form of Chassidut
high-vis: Alternative form of hi-vis.
apikorus: Alternative form of apikoros
Klikitat: Alternative form of Klickitat
rooyebok: Alternative form of rooibok
soap bar: Any type of soap prepared in the shape of a bar, comfortably sized to fit in the palm of one's hand.
soap bar: Low-quality hashish.
adonidin: A glucoside found in the plant Adonis vernalis (false hellebore, pheasant's eye).
brospeak: Speech characteristic of bros and bro culture.
akosmism: Alternative form of acosmism
Albariño: A kind of white wine made from grapes grown in Northwest Portugal (Monção and Melgaço) and Galicia (northwest Spain).
chavruta: Alternative form of chavrusa
bye-wash: Alternative form of by-wash
maddalam: A type of drum used in Kerala.
microlot: A very small lot of land.
doocracy: Rare form of do-ocracy.
luxurity: The quality of being luxurious.
luxurity: Something that is luxurious.
homesign: Alternative form of home sign
crumenal: A purse.
tribulin: Synonym of isatin
anisatin: A toxic, insecticidal component of the shikimi plant (Illicium anisatum).
Cashmiri: Dated form of Kashmiri.
chocklit: Eye dialect spelling of chocolate.
C melody: A kind of saxophone, larger than an alto and smaller than a tenor, pitched in the key of C one whole tone above the common B-flat tenor saxophone.
A-ration: A military ration consisting of fresh, refrigerated, or frozen foods.
rose red: The red color of a rose flower.
exsmoker: Alternative form of ex-smoker
asabiyya: Alternative form of asabiyyah
joyhouse: Alternative form of joy house
pre-roll: Alternative spelling of preroll
must-try: Something that one is strongly recommended to try.
/ourguy/: Someone aligned with the values and beliefs of one's imageboard or community, especially an influential person who espouses far-right views.
yortzite: Alternative form of yahrzeit
Arlesian: Someone who lives in or is from the city of Arles, France.
melachah: Alternative form of melakhah
igdloite: Synonym of lueshite
cribwall: A log cabin structure filled with rock and soil, used for stabilizing streambanks.
exworker: Alternative form of ex-worker
boatmast: The mast of a boat
milk can: Synonym of milk churn
semi-sub: Alternative form of semisub
calefare: An extra (actor playing a minor role)
powermod: Alternative form of power mod
co-party: A party who is on the same side as another party.
bajonado: Synonym of jolthead porgy
baralime: Alternative form of baralyme
globulol: An organic compound found in eucalyptus oil.
barn red: A reddish-brown color like that with which barns are traditionally painted.
Barukhzy: The Afghan Hound.
bridelet: A small bride.
emicness: The state or degree of being emic.
groomlet: A small groom (in various senses).
eticness: The state or degree of being etic.
lagerita: A cocktail made from lager beer and tequila.
halidame: Alternative form of halidom
simulpub: Simultaneous publication of manga in multiple markets.
nonslash: Alternative form of non-slash (“fan fiction that is not slash fiction”).
2-3 tree: A tree data structure whose every node with children (internal node) has either two children and one data element, or three children and two data elements; a B-tree of order 3.
2-4 tree: Synonym of 2-3-4 tree
dutuburi: A ritual dance of the Tarahumara people.
pac boot: A type of winter boot with a waterproof rubber base enveloping the sides.
zhi char: Alternative form of zi char
tze char: Alternative form of zi char
Kamassin: Alternative form of Kamasin
bulb-tee: Alternative form of bulb tee.
bulb tee: A T-beam with a web (vertical section) thickened into a bulbous part at its lower edge.
ballance: Obsolete spelling of balance
gigelira: A xylophone.
ginshang: Obsolete form of ginseng.
glaistig: A kind of ghost in Scottish folklore, usually depicted as a woman, a goat, or a hybrid of the two.
glühwein: Alternative form of gluhwein
piss-off: Alternative spelling of pissoff (“annoyance”).
coon dog: Alternative form of coondog
merrydom: merriment
dopeface: A dope; a stupid person.
cittadel: Obsolete spelling of citadel
bum hole: Alternative form of bumhole (anus)
headbonk: An affectionate bump with the head, typically by an animal; headbump
hardcoal: Anthracite.
photo-op: Alternative spelling of photo op
urn moss: Any of the mosses of the genus Physcomitrium, having urn-like capsules that lack peristomes.
unioneer: A trade unionist.
jelatong: Alternative form of jelutong
rock elm: An elm, Ulmus thomasii, of the midwestern US.
rock elm: Any tree of species Milicia excelsa.
cork elm: The American rock elm
rajahdom: The territory ruled by a rajah.
bereaval: bereavement
ivy arum: The ornamental vine Epipremnum aureum.
koyemshi: An attendant and interpreter of the kachinas.
mid cell: A white blood cell, such as a monocyte or blast cell, with around 100 femtoliters in volume, greater than most lymphocytes and less than most granulocytes.
play-doh: Alternative form of playdough.
icky-poo: Something yucky; an unpleasant mess.
C-suiter: One who works in the C-suite.
bar tack: Alternative form of bartack
snorgasm: Alternative form of snoregasm
crispito: A food consisting of a crispy fried or baked tortilla rolled tightly around a filling (typically a savory filling such as meat, corn, and/or cheese, but sometimes a dessert filling), similar to a taquito.
boregasm: The result of or act of reaching the apex or climax of boredom; filling one’s capacity for boredom to the extreme boundary.
sex bolt: A type of mating fastener (nut) that has a barrel-shaped flange and protruding boss that is internally threaded.
deftster: Synonym of dabster
frumerty: Alternative form of frumenty
suttlety: Obsolete spelling of subtlety
fuseplug: Alternative form of fuse plug
gaydiang: An Annamese ship with two masts, triangular sails, and a curved deck.
genizero: The wood of the tree Samanea saman.
chee bai: Alternative form of cibai (“cunt”)
chee bye: Alternative form of cibai (“cunt”)
playcart: A toy cart
piss-pot: Alternative form of pisspot
Hebraean: A Hebrew individual.
shotacom: Alternative spelling of shotacon
ungulant: Synonym of ungulate (“an ungulate animal; a hooved mammal”)
g-string: Alternative spelling of G-string
pissgirl: A submissive female participant in urolagnia.
kenopsia: The haunting quality of seeing a location typically full of people in a state of emptiness or abandonment.
bad trot: Bad luck.
sno-cone: Alternative form of snow cone
babracot: A grate used by some native South Americans to roast meat.
snow saw: Synonym of snow knife
spratter: One who fishes for sprats.
Starlite: An intumescent material said to be able to withstand and insulate from extreme heat.
stopwork: Alternative form of stop-work
shlocker: Alternative form of schlocker
Jamesean: Alternative form of Jamesian
suan-pan: Alternative form of suanpan
subdeity: Synonym of subgod
citricum: citric acid
supchgr.: Abbreviation of supercharger.
nitricum: nitric acid
swan-pan: Dated form of suanpan.
nonmercy: Absence or lack of mercy.
takrouri: cannabis
stokroos: Synonym of kenaf (“the plant Hibiscus cannabinus”)
tea-cake: Alternative form of teacake
kavvanah: Alternative form of kavanah
kaivalya: Solitude, detachment, or isolation, as the ultimate goal of ashtanga yoga.
wood gas: A synthetic fuel derived from pyrolysis decomposition of wood into burnable gases.
wood gas: Such fuel gas derived from pyrolysis of organic matter.
leg show: A titillating theatrical performance by young women who dance in costumes that reveal their legs.
lykewake: Alternative form of lich-wake
matrisib: A matrilineal sib.
patrisib: A patrilineal sib.
cat-bird: Alternative form of catbird
red-bird: Alternative form of redbird
butt end: The thick end of something
netorase: A genre of sharing or cuckoldry pornography where a protagonist's love interest has sex with others, which the protagonist enjoys, actively encourages or even causes.
drop bar: Ellipsis of drop handlebar.
Threader: A user of the social networking app Threads.
machinga: A street vendor; a hawker.
deerfood: Plants that can be eaten by deer.
Yemassee: Alternative form of Yamasee
flag lot: An allotment of land at the rear of another property, with a long, narrow strip of land connecting it to the roadway.
anal sac: Synonym of anal gland
rockaire: An air-launched rocket
rockaire: An aeroplane-launched sounding rocket
rockaire: An air-launched rocket
rockaire: An airplane-launched space rocket
balbacua: A Filipino stew of beef slow-cooked until tender, especially in the cuisine of Visayas and Mindanao.
passéism: An excessive regard for the past.
subcraft: A craft (branch of skilled work or trade) that is a subdiscipline of another craft.
mushabak: Alternative form of jalebi
yuppydom: Alternative form of yuppiedom
peekhole: peephole
jr. high: Abbreviation of junior high.
wastecan: A container for holding waste; a trash can.
Federale: A member of the Mexican Federal Police.
nonfreak: One who is not a freak.
despaire: Obsolete spelling of despair
wolf-dog: Alternative form of wolf dog
grassnut: The plant Triteleia laxa.
fun fund: A fund of savings for personal and recreational expenses.
barstaff: A member of staff of a bar.
ami-momi: A procedure consisting of shaking fish in the air using a fan-shaped scoop net, used to prepare the fish for exposure to an external water mold infection by removing the surface mucus layer of the skin.
softline: A line of goods that are consumed after a single use, or have a limited lifespan: e.g. clothing, toiletries, stationery.
oatstraw: Straw from the oat plant.
decopunk: A subset of the dieselpunk science fiction genre and aesthetic that incorporates Art Deco elements and other aspects of the technology, culture, and fashion of the 1920s-1930s.
John Hop: A police officer.
PB and J: Alternative form of PB&J.
bed room: Archaic form of bedroom.
ropefuel: That which provokes suicidal ideation.
Patronus: A person considered one’s protector.
Patronus: Something associated with a person, usually an animal.
re-check: Alternative form of recheck.
mitnaged: Alternative form of misnaged
raw milk: Unpasteurized cow milk intended for human consumption.
dunghole: A hole for the disposal of dung.
dunghole: A squalid place
dunghole: The anus.
dunghole: A despicable person.
squadder: A member of a squad.
hayhenny: A small biting midge (especially in Latin America); a noseeum.
Angeball: The style of football (soccer) associated with renowned Greek-Australian coach Ange Postecoglou.
Ishekiri: Alternative form of Itsekiri
misshift: An instance of misshifting (either sense).
Nottaway: A member of an Iroquoian Native American tribe in Virginia.
umgoloti: Synonym of pink ivory (“an African hardwood”)
ziricote: The tree Cordia dodecandra or its wood.
retinner: One who retins.
redipper: One who dips again.
deruster: A chemical that removes rust.
mushroon: Obsolete form of mushroom.
name tag: Alternative form of nametag
take-all: A disease affecting the roots of grasses and cereals, caused by the fungus Gaeumannomyces tritici.
kuminost: Synonym of noekkelost (“type of cheese”)
ovomancy: Synonym of oomancy
shopwork: Work done in a workshop, such as woodwork or metalwork.
misshoot: An instance of misshooting.
nonlemma: Alternative spelling of non-lemma
jalepeño: Misspelling of jalapeño.
maltolte: Alternative form of maletote
pubilect: The language of teenagers.
debuffer: One who or that which debuffs.
log line: Alternative form of logline
nib-cove: A gentleman.
spiniken: Alternative form of spinniken
sinabaff: A kind of fine white material from Bengal, of uncertain manufacture.
glue dot: A pressure-sensitive adhesive dot for use in craft activities etc.
wet well: A livewell with perforations through which seawater can circulate.
ditander: Archaic spelling of dittander.
bluebelt: A drainage system just outside a city which helps protect it from flooding.
kismesis: A romantic partner who is also a rival or nemesis.
fire pan: Alternative spelling of firepan
disamara: A two-winged samara
superapp: Alternative spelling of super-app
ifisashi: A Zambian stew made from vegetables and ground peanuts.
chikanda: A Zambian dish made from the boiled root tubers of terrestrial orchids.
hat palm: Synonym of Panama hat palm
havlagah: The Haganah policy of abstaining from revenge on Arab groups who attacked Jewish settlements during the British Mandate.
hemidome: Synonym of semidome
gharrial: Alternative form of gavial
yen-hock: Alternative form of yen-hok
pin curl: A curl made by dampening a lock of hair, fashioning it into a coil, and securing with a hair pin or clip while it dries.
greycing: Greyhound racing.
hiccuper: Someone who hiccups.
slicksta: Pronunciation spelling of slickster, representing African-American Vernacular English.
nembutsu: Alternative form of nenbutsu
youngcel: A young incel.
bloopery: The practice or habit of committing bloopers.
ghostbox: An abandoned mall or big-box store.
fog bell: A bell used in fog and poor visibility.
adraxone: Adrenochrome.
stateism: Alternative form of statism
stockado: Archaic form of stockade.
ink ball: Alternative form of inkball
intoneme: A basic unit of intonation.
fillebeg: Alternative spelling of philibeg
fellfare: Obsolete form of fieldfare.
esdragol: Alternative form of estragole
Cape ash: Synonym of essenwood (“Ekebergia capensis”)
esdragon: Alternative form of estragole
equitime: The point in time at which an aircraft is halfway from its origin to its destination.
foo yong: Alternative form of foo yung
kapparot: A customary atonement ritual practised by Orthodox Jews on the eve of Yom Kippur, involving the waving of money or a chicken over a person's head before it is donated to charity or to feed the hungry.
dum palm: Alternative spelling of doum palm
dom palm: Alternative spelling of doum palm
autowalk: A travelator or moving walkway.
exit fee: A fee charged for early withdrawal from a contract, or upon withdrawal from an investment fund.
corn law: One of the tariffs and protectionist regulations on imported grain and other foodstuffs enforced in the United Kingdom from 1815 until their abolition in 1846.
premedia: A premedian vein.
shaharit: Alternative form of shacharit
shaharis: Alternative form of shacharit
shazadah: Alternative form of shahzada
shmittah: Alternative form of shmita
dungchen: A horn used in Tibetan Buddhist and Mongolian Buddhist ceremonies.
shtadlan: An intercessor for a local European Jewish community on behalf of the authorities.
linktree: A landing page of social media links created using the online service Linktree.
comparee: The thing against which something else is compared.
carlacue: A trick or caper.
Olsonian: A follower of Olson's ideas.
Jewlatto: A person of mixed Jewish ethnicity or heritage, especially half.
remender: One who remends.
regrader: One who regrades.
Demetrid: A descendant of the Seleucid king Demetrius I Soter.
airsport: Alternative form of air sport
leadzyme: A small ribozyme that catalyzes the cleavage of a specific phosphodiester bond.
Han Solo: A proactive, self-reliant, or risk-taking person or creature.
Han Solo: A man whose rebellious or disreputable nature makes him attractive; a bad boy.
deglazer: One who or that which deglazes.
roidhead: Alternative form of roid-head
flatcake: An Eastern European round unleavened bread.
Gy. Sgt.: Abbreviation of gunnery sergeant.
Greekist: One who studies or emulates the Ancient Greek language or culture.
Canoeiro: A member of the Rikbaktsa people.
Caingang: Alternative form of Kaingang
Buwayhid: Alternative form of Buyid
Calinago: Alternative form of Kalinago
Candiote: Archaic form of Candiot.
Cahinnio: A member of a Native American tribe that lived in Arkansas.
Caquetio: A native of northwestern Venezuela, living along the shores of Lake Maracaibo at the time of the Spanish conquest and later moving inland.
Neghidal: Alternative form of Negidal
Illyrism: Synonym of Illyrianism
leg-over: Alternative spelling of legover
Illyrist: Synonym of Illyrianist
d'ansite: An isometric sulfate chloride mineral with the chemical formula Na₂₁Mg(SO₄)₁₀Cl₃.
Cape gum: sweet thorn
Cape gum: A gum derived from this tree.
partyman: A partisan; a member of a political party or faction.
truffade: truffade (Occitan potato dish)
stevenin: The neoflavonoid 6-hydroxy-4-(3-hydroxyphenyl)-7-methoxychromen-2-one.
dislikee: One who is disliked.
zortziko: A dance rhythm that originated in the Basque Country, with a distinctive 5/8 time signature consisting of three subdivisions of 1, 2, and 2 beats.
zortzico: Alternative form of zortziko
vingt-un: Alternative form of vingt-et-un
violanin: A pigment found in the wild pansy (Viola tricolor).
blaffert: An old European coin.
inediate: One who does not require food (and, in some cases, water) to survive.
skrunkly: Alternative form of scrunkly
autoette: A battery-powered microcar with two seats and three wheels, also sometimes used as a kind of wheelchair by disabled people.
wu-ts'ai: A Chinese kind of multicolored enamel glaze.
vaxxhole: Alternative form of vaxhole
leng zai: good-looking man, pretty boy
turfline: A stratum of soil between two other layers.
rendsina: Alternative form of rendzina
scrungly: Synonym of scrunkly
griddler: A pancake, especially a savory one.
griddler: A puzzle in which cells of a grid must be filled or left blank, according to sets of numbers given at the side of the grid, to reveal a hidden picture.
griddler: Alternative form of gridler
ronnabit: One octillion (10²⁷) bits. SI symbol: Rb.
fan zone: Alternative form of fanzone
Hagarene: An (early) Arab Muslim.
sobrerol: The mucolytic trans-p-Menth-6-ene-2,8-diol.
mutabbal: A Middle Eastern dish of mashed roasted eggplant, tahini, salt, garlic, lemon and often yogurt, similar to baba ganoush but more spicy.
moutabal: Alternative form of mutabbal
huangana: The white-lipped peccary, Tayassu pecari.
prankage: The playing of pranks.
atragene: Any plant of the genus Atragene.
dezolate: Person who spreads disinformation and has fallen for it; usually, they reject the authority of the state and state institutions and are prone to conspiratorial thinking.
missplit: An instance or result of missplitting (any sense)
sand asp: The horned viper or sand viper (Vipera ammodytes).
misspray: An instance of misspraying.
Harratin: Alternative form of Haratin
Haratine: Alternative form of Haratin
clitoria: Any plant of the genus Clitoria.
subsieve: A secondary or subsidiary sieve for further subdividing already sieved material.
ars nova: A musical style that flourished in the Kingdom of France and its surroundings during the Late Middle Ages, particularly between the preparation of the Roman de Fauvel (1310s) and the death of composer Guillaume de Machaut in 1377.
drakelet: A male duckling.
baeckeol: A phenol found in Baeckea, related to aspidinol.
ballogan: The nipplewort.
napalmer: One who uses napalm.
schebang: Alternative form of shebang
lovering: Courtship; wooing.
sheebang: Alternative form of shebang
anterity: All the past generations, especially the ancestors of a specific person.
8th note: Abbreviation of eighth note.
doompost: A single specimen of doomposting.
sin sodt: Alternative form of sin sod
misstack: An instance of misstacking.
Tebowing: Alternative form of tebowing
rat mole: Synonym of mole-rat
cloppity: Alternative form of clippety-cloppety
wind cap: Alternative form of windcap
Rayonist: An artist working in the style of Rayonism.
Rayonism: An abstract futurist art movement that developed in Russia in 1910–1914.
cloppety: Alternative form of clippety-cloppety
red mite: Dermanyssus gallinae, an ectoparasite of poultry.
8channer: A member of the imageboard website 8chan.
red hind: A marine ray-finned fish, Epinephelus guttatus.
Kin-Ball: A sport played by three teams at once with a large ball.
nano-COM: The use of a very small subset of the Component Object Model, focused exclusively on the Application Binary Interface (ABI) aspects that enable function and method calls across independently compiled modules.
COM lite: Synonym of nano-COM
temanite: An archaic word for a Yemenite Jew in the Book of Job (2:11) from the Jewish Bible.
temanite: An inhabitant of Teman.
ladywear: Alternative form of ladieswear.
livingry: The systems and institutions which promote societal well-being and oppose killing, considered collectively.
airboard: An inflatable bodyboard for use on snow.
sosh med: Alternative form of sosh meed
maxiboat: Alternative form of maxi boat
telecomm: Alternative form of telecom
bullcook: A person employed in a lumber camp to perform various duties such as sweeping, feeding animals, cutting firewood, etc.
sizecode: Program code written as a competitive exercise in achieving impressive results in the smallest possible space.
red room: An online forum which livestreams torture and murder over the dark web.
red room: An online forum where videos of such material is traded.
red room: A torture chamber
red room: A sex dungeon
red room: A VIP room
red room: The legislative chamber of the upper house in a bicameral parliament
mind set: Alternative form of mindset
peroneum: A small sesamoid bone in the foot found in some humans.
wankfart: A term of abuse.
free use: A kink in which someone consents to being available to have sex with or to be "used" by their partner at any time.
free use: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see free, use.
bazonker: A large female breast.
badonker: A large female breast.
bazoomba: A female breast.
Diodoran: A follower of Diodorus' philosophy.
martynia: Any plant of the genus Martynia.
oak wilt: A disease of oak trees caused by a fungus, Bretziella fagacearum, affecting trees in the eastern US. Its origin is unknown.
ethenide: A compound or ion containing two carbon atoms connected by a double bond. (C₂⁴⁻)
ethenide: A compound or ion derived from ethene by the removal of a hydrogen ion. (CH₂=CH⁻)
papicide: The killing of a pope.
gum-tree: Alternative spelling of gum tree
rabulism: a tendency to shyster or to quibble.
wood-ear: Alternative form of wood ear
re-print: Alternative form of reprint.
dice-box: Archaic form of dicebox.
knob-rot: Alternative form of knob rot
knob rot: A sexually transmitted disease (when contracted by a man).
bustdown: Rare spelling of bust down.
proplift: An instance of proplifting.
bussdown: Rare spelling of bust down.
non-Arab: One who is not Arab.
ghostban: Synonym of shadowban
overstim: overstimulation
non-user: Alternative form of nonuser.
manscent: Male (esp. masculine) body odor—typically used in sexual contexts.
bugalugs: Alternative form of buggerlugs
lawclerk: Alternative form of law clerk.
Aryanist: A proponent of Aryanism.
Tsotsile: Alternative form of Tzotzil
Tzotzile: Alternative form of Tzotzil
Newarker: A native or inhabitant of Newark.
putscher: Synonym of putschist
assinico: A stupid fellow, an ass.
week-day: Archaic form of weekday.
triple X: Ellipsis of triple X syndrome.
ecomedia: Media, especially mass media, with ecological themes.
ink-well: Alternative form of inkwell.
gallbush: The large gallberry plant (Ilex coriacea).
tigridia: Any of the various bulbous or cormous flowering plants of the genus Tigridia.
sea cole: Synonym of sea kale
ladleman: A man employed in a metalworks to ladle the molten metal.
pargetry: Synonym of pargeting
micromap: A map that is very small or describes a very small area.
bodewash: Dried buffalo or cow dung, sometimes used as fuel by pioneers.
greatpox: Alternative form of great-pox
calvalry: Misspelling of cavalry.
fagosite: Misspelling of phagocyte.
pink eye: Alternative spelling of pinkeye
pink eye: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pink, eye.
heat day: A day when a school or other workplace is closed due to a bad heat wave or exceedingly hot temperatures
inn-yard: Archaic form of innyard.
inn yard: Alternative form of innyard.
subciter: One who subcites.
fin chop: An injury caused by the fin of a surfboard.
redmaids: Alternative form of red maids
king fox: Blanford's fox (Vulpes cana)
umbelule: Alternative form of umbellule
filmfest: An event at which a number of films are shown.
palmball: A change-up pitch in which the baseball is held tightly in the palm or between the thumb and ring finger, then thrown like a fastball.
wordwrap: Alternative form of word wrap
Zainichi: A long-term Korean resident of Japan whose ancestry dates to Korea under Japanese rule.
wrinklie: Alternative form of wrinkly
kalookie: Alternative form of kalooki
boerbull: Alternative form of boerboel
autobank: Synonym of automated teller machine
asthanga: Alternative form of ashtanga
rugulach: Alternative spelling of rugelach
kendoist: A practitioner of the martial art of kendo.
numbhead: Synonym of numskull (“dunce, stupid person”)
hotliner: A person employed to respond to calls made to a hotline.
wet fart: A fart in which some watery excrement is expelled.
helitack: A member of a team of wildland firefighters who are transported by helicopter to fight a fire.
playcare: A daycare for small children structured around play activities; daycare in general as contrasted with typically more structured preschools.
biofibre: Alternative form of biofiber
carspiel: A competitive tournament in the sport of curling, having the prize of an automobile.
refsheet: An image showing an original character from different angles, intended to be used as a reference when drawing them.
helibase: A base location from which helicopter missions are flown, offering servicing and refuelling facilities.
helispot: A designated location near a fire where it is safe for firefighters' helicopters to land and take off.
mishugas: Alternative form of meshugaas
land run: Synonym of landrush
seal row: A row prone on a bench, intended to prevent back rounding and posterior chain engagement at the benefit of greater range of motion and volume for the latissimus dorsi muscles.
teletube: Synonym of television tube
hip bath: Synonym of sitz bath
treemoss: Unprocessed mosses and lichens found growing on trees, often used commercially in fragrances.
bath man: Alternative spelling of bathman
bath-man: Alternative spelling of bathman
misstrip: An instance of misstripping.
sedinone: A piperidine alkaloid found in Sedum.
jazz bow: A brightly patterned bowtie, popular in the era of jazz music.
penjajap: A long, narrow, fast galley-like warship used by several Austronesian ethnic groups in maritime Southeast Asia.
key seat: Alternative form of keyseat
kinomere: Synonym of centromere
vidience: A group of observers.
sloopman: A man who sails a sloop.
tao-tieh: Alternative form of taotie
tideflat: Alternative form of tidal flat
satsanga: Alternative form of satsang
dishdash: Alternative form of dishdasha
sailpast: A parade of boats.
subtrade: The specific trade of a subcontractor on a construction project, such as roofing or electrical wiring.
skidooer: A snowmobiler.
triactor: A trifecta (a bet in which the bettor must select the first three placegetters of a race in the order in which they finish).
wood elf: Alternative form of wood-elf
gateware: Logic implemented in configurable digital logic gates.
Marzetti: Clipping of Johnny Marzetti.
bioyield: A biological yield.
doorslam: The act of slamming a door.
doorslam: A sudden refusal to communicate or engage.
doorslam: A pop-up or other obstruction preventing a user from viewing content, typically after reaching a scrolling threshold.
ewphoria: A combination of gender euphoria with feelings of disgust, revulsion, or discomfort, resulting from one's gender identity being affirmed by bigoted, creepy, or predatory behavior by others.
stick-up: Alternative form of stickup
twinkdom: The state of being a twink.
bibfinch: Madagascar mannikin (Lepidopygia nana).
techneme: simple technical element that is combined with other technemes within technological evolution
minimist: A proponent of minimism.
minimism: The belief that physical extents can be divided into amounts of smallest size, or minima.
maximist: A proponent of maximism.
illipene: A substance found in illipe butter.
yen shee: Alternative form of yen she
hutukhtu: Synonym of tulku
maximism: A tendency toward excess and extravagance.
maximism: The tendency to maximize the application of a particular approach or to strive for maximum acquisition of a particular resource; extremism.
maximism: A belief that religious observances should be applied as widely as possible.
khutuktu: Alternative form of hutukhtu
Karenism: A quality, expression or mannerism of being a Karen (a middle-aged white woman exhibiting a sense of entitlement or white privilege).
teak oil: A type of wood finishing oil used to protect and nourish wood.
globeful: As much or as many as would fill a globe.
teatable: Alternative form of tea table.
wine-key: Alternative form of wine key
teacaddy: Alternative form of tea caddy.
snow fly: Chionea, a genus of cranefly known for remaining active in cold temperatures.
mill run: Alternative form of millrun
nose ape: Synonym of proboscis monkey
newsbeat: Synonym of beat (“the primary focus of a reporter's stories”)
handform: Synonym of handshape
pigotite: A brown resinous mineral, a kind of hydrated organic salt of aluminium.
post-nup: Alternative form of postnup
curvacin: A bacteriocin peptide derived from Lactobacillus curvatus.
Hebraica: Texts or artifacts containing Hebrew writing.
teuthoid: Any member of the Teuthoidea group of squids
aneugeny: The creation of aneuploid gametes.
millsite: The plot of land on which a mill is built.
karignan: An African percussion musical instrument composed of a metal slotted tube that is scraped or hit by a long rod.
bandango: A pawpaw (Asimina triloba).
madeness: The quality of having been made (by someone or something)
AA/NH/PI: Alternative form of AANHPI
bacshish: Alternative form of baksheesh
Pop Tart: Alternative form of pop tart
grizette: Archaic form of grisette (“type of woman”).
Krymchak: A member of the Krymchak people, a Jewish ethnic group who historically lived in Crimea but now live mostly in Israel.
war porn: Graphic images of violence collected in war zones, often viewed voyeuristically for emotional gratification.
jumpform: A kind of formwork; a temporary mold, made from planks, into which concrete is poured, in order to create vertical concrete structures that rise with the building process.
eudaimon: Alternative form of eudaemon.
cliplock: A method of attachment for roofing involving concealed clip fasteners.
eurabbie: The Australian tree Eucalyptus globulus subsp. bicostata.
romerito: seepweed, sea blite.
etheling: Alternative form of atheling
6th form: Alternative form of sixth form
Nooksack: A member of a Native American tribe near the Pacific Northwest Coast.
neckhole: The part of a shirt or other garment through which the wearer's neck is extended.
peshkabz: Alternative form of pesh-kabz
Nootsack: Alternative form of Nooksack
agrotown: Synonym of agrocity
sheetage: A quantity of sheets of paper.
teshubah: Alternative form of teshuva
fravashi: The Zoroastrian concept of a personal spirit of an individual, whether dead, living, or not yet born. It is the home of the urvan or soul, which is sent into the material world to fight the battle of good versus evil and returns upon death.
melatope: An eye shape of concentric coloured optical fringes seen on a conoscopic interference pattern surrounding an optical axis. For biaxial minerals there are a pair of circles, like eyes.
vag-lewd: Vagrancy and lewdness; loitering for the purpose of publicly soliciting sex.
Mexican@: A Mexican.
physiol.: Abbreviation of physiology.
Hobson's: Ellipsis of Hobson's choice (“the voice”).
antemask: Obsolete form of antimasque.
verazine: A tetrahydropyridine alkaloid derived from a sterol found in Veratrum species, with IUPAC name (3S,8S,9S,10R,13S,14S,17R)-10,13-dimethyl-17-[(1S)-1-[(3S)-3-methyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydropyridin-6-yl]ethyl]-2,3,4,7,8,9,11,12,14,15,16,17-dodecahydro-1H-cyclopenta[a]phenanthren-3-ol
guldasta: A corner finial, usually in the form of a column topped by a flower shape.
side gig: A gig (temporary or informal job) being done on the side; a person's non-primary job or other occupation, often distinguished by factors such as formality, legality, personal priority, and/or financial return.
chaurice: A spicy pork sausage used in Creole and Cajun cuisine.
maker-up: One who makes up something.
milksick: Synonym of milk sickness
chicadee: Alternative form of chickadee
chippage: A pattern of chipping, as seen in stone tools.
chippage: The debris resulting from chipping.
scale-up: Alternative form of scaleup
styledom: The fashionable world; the realm or sphere of popular style.
chavurah: A small group of like-minded Jews who assemble for prayer, learning, etc.
ozophore: An elevated cone present on the prosoma of some harvestman
cyranoid: A person whose words originate from the mind of another person who transmits them by radio transmission.
Walesman: A Welshman.
blaze-up: A bursting into (stronger or brighter) flame; the action of a fire that blazes up.
blaze-up: A row or fracas.
bathouse: A structure designed to serve as a shelter for bats.
nymotype: The first described form of a species.
clausine: Any of a family of natural alkaloids based on 9H-carbazole-3-carbaldehyde.
phenibut: β-phenyl-GABA, a gabapentinoid drug similar to baclofen and gabapentin, often legally sold online and taken orally for its euphoric effects.
cash-fag: Alternative form of cashfag
cash fag: Alternative form of cashfag
shakeree: Alternative form of sekere
misswing: Alternative form of mis-swing
geekhead: A geek.
mosstone: A yellowish-green color used for certain United States army uniforms.
pohuehue: Any of various climbing plants of the genus Muehlenbeckia.
maculacy: The quality of being maculate, stained or blemished.
mui tsai: A Chinese woman sold at a young age to work as a domestic servant, to be freed through marriage when older; however, some were sold into prostitution.
Verdello: An Italian grapevine variety that is grown mostly in the Umbria region of central Italy.
quachtli: A piece of standardized cloth used as currency in Mesoamerica until shortly after the arrival of Europeans.
boot lip: Alternative form of bootlip
hexyloxy: The ether radical derived from hexanol
beltpack: A radio transceiver worn on a belt and used in conjunction with headphones and microphone.
aerifier: A device for making holes in a golf course to aerate the soil.
bear paw: Synonym of bear's-paw (“the plant Cotyledon tomentosa”)
brushout: The application of paint or varnish to a surface to test the properties of the paint or varnish.
drunkery: Drunkenness.
druggery: A drugstore.
gulmohar: Alternative form of gold mohur (“the plant Caesalpinia pulcherrima”)
hurrican: Obsolete form of hurricane.
hoogaars: A kind of flat-bottomed Dutch boat.
disownee: One who is disowned.
gonapsis: A structure with an apex on the dorsal membrane on sternum IX.
mingebag: A jerk; a mean or obnoxious person.
pie vent: Synonym of pie bird
nonquant: One who is not a quant (a quantitative analyst).
pine sap: The sap of a pine tree, or of conifers more broadly stated.
quantdom: The state of being a quant (a quantitative analyst).
currence: The quality of being current (generally circulated and accepted); currency, currentness.
guariuba: An Amazon timber-producing tree Clarisia racemosa and its wood.
ipsation: Solitary masturbation.
midshave: A point in time during a shave.
Poonster: Alternative form of 'Poonster
ben-shie: Obsolete form of banshee.
flycrank: A type of mechanical crank.
kabalist: Alternative form of kabbalist
calibash: Alternative form of calabash
bangalay: The Australian tree Eucalyptus botryoides.
linkpost: A posted message consisting of, or based around, a hyperlink.
allyhood: Synonym of allyship
anabiong: The flowering tree Trema orientale.
ang-khak: Alternative form of angkak
bon-seki: Alternative form of bonseki
bookfair: Alternative form of book fair
bringall: Archaic form of brinjal (“aubergine, eggplant”).
binjarry: Alternative form of bunjara
bringaul: Archaic form of brinjal (“aubergine, eggplant”).
real jam: Anything exceptionally good.
lijerica: A musical instrument from the Croatian region of Dalmatia and Croat parts of eastern Herzegovina.
dictater: One who dictates; one who gives dictation.
Hamasnik: A member of Hamas
tree ear: Synonym of wood ear
Sankethi: A Dravidian language spoken in Karnataka, India.
Rangpuri: An Indo-Aryan language spoken in northern Bangladesh and western Assam in India.
bakeoven: An oven used for baking.
Soghdian: Alternative form of Sogdian
seemurgh: Alternative form of simurgh
Spartist: A left-winger, particularly a revolutionary but bourgeois one.
Spartist: Far-left, particularly of a revolutionary but bourgeois nature.
end-goal: Alternative spelling of end goal
end goal: A goal that is followed by no others building upon its achievement, but furthered by the achievement of more immediate goals.
leaftier: Alternative form of leaf tier
tierlist: Alternative form of tier list.
derweesh: Archaic form of dervish.
nepitrin: The 7-glucoside of nepetin.
rambizzy: Alternative form of rambo
we-group: An ingroup, from the perspective of its members.
yewberry: The berry of the yew tree.
infocast: A broadcast of information.
floatsam: Alternative form of flotsam
RNAaemia: Alternative form of RNAemia.
pigswash: Alternative form of pigwash
solandra: Any plant of the genus Solandra.
sikinnis: A dance performed in Ancient Greek satyr plays.
qubibyte: Alternative form of quebibyte
robibyte: Strictly, 2⁹⁰ (1024⁹, 1,237,940,039,285,380,274,899,124,224) bytes or 2¹⁰ (1024) yobibytes, as opposed to a ronnabyte.
superfog: An extremely dense ground-level sight-obscuring aerial suspension, a supersaturated fog.
superfog: An extremely dense ground-level sight-obscuring aerial suspension, a supersaturated fog.
superfog: Such which is composed of fog and smoke.
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: Income minus expenses and depreciation
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: Control for disengaging a mechanism
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: Deflection of a projectile
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: Something off-the-cuff
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: The act of flinging off
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: Something thrown off
throwoff: Alternative form of throw-off
throwoff: Incidental creation
relayout: The process of arranging or laying out again or differently.
kid porn: kiddie porn; child pornography
dayyooth: Alternative form of dayouth
clothism: The opposite of nudism: the belief that people should wear clothes.
leavelet: Rare form of leaflet.
leavelet: A part of a plant.
leavelet: Rare form of leaflet.
leavelet: A small sheet of paper.
recallee: One who is recalled, or faces recall.
depictee: One who, or that which, is depicted.
speclst.: Abbreviation of specialist.
sprigger: A person employed to nail the soles onto shoes.
sprigger: A machine for nailing the soles onto shoes.
spiggoty: Synonym of spic (“Latino; Latin American”)
spigotty: Alternative form of spiggoty
car shed: A large building provided for the housing and maintenance of passenger cars or carriages (or coupled trains thereof).
fourthie: A fourth grade student.
grow bag: Alternative form of growbag
free run: Unfermented or only partially-fermented juice, derived from grapes that have been crushed but not yet pressed; the must that runs off freely without pressure.
Boehmism: Boehmian religious beliefs.
Boehmist: Synonym of Boehmian
Boehmian: A supporter of Jakob Böhme's religious ideas.
charagma: A mark or marking, especially (theology) the mark of the beast.
warblade: A large bladed weapon designed for use in battle, such as a sword or battle axe.
kolattam: A kind of Indian folk dance.
idiotery: Synonym of idiocy
oinokhoe: Alternative form of oenochoe.
dung fly: Alternative form of dungfly
polesman: Synonym of poleman (“one who propels a boat with a pole”)
bibshort: Alternative spelling of bib short
no trump: Alternative spelling of no-trump
chalepin: Synonym of heliettin
mupamine: A pyranocarbazole alkaloid found in Clausena anisata.
nocardia: Any bacterium of the genus Nocardia.
Derbyite: A person who believes that the works attributed to William Shakespeare have actually been authored by William Stanley, 6th Earl of Derby.
betrayee: One who has been betrayed.
hintline: A telephone service that provides, usually for a fee, hints on how to proceed if one is stuck in a specific online game.
blendery: An establishment which blends beers or worts that were brewed elsewhere, to produce their own flavors of alcohol.
votekick: A vote to remove a player.
kumikumi: Alternative form of kamokamo
sushi-ya: Alternative form of sushiya.
uvularia: Any plant of the genus Uvularia.
Sumbawan: A native or inhabitant of Sumbawa.
Chappism: A fashion movement or aesthetic inspired by British men's culture and clothing from the late 19th and early 20th centuries, especially as promoted in the lifestyle magazine The Chap.
husstuss: A trans woman who is sexually attracted to men.
PDF file: A pedophile.
PDF file: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see PDF, file.
Chappist: One who practices Chappism.
alinotum: The anterior, wing-bearing division of the pterothoracic notum in insects.
bembicid: Any member of the Bembicidae.
beedhook: Alternative form of beadhook
beadhook: A kind of boat-hook.
groupdom: The fact of being a group.
mosketoe: Obsolete spelling of mosquito
musketto: Obsolete spelling of mosquito
rackoone: Obsolete spelling of raccoon
aracoune: Obsolete spelling of raccoon
apteryla: Any of the regions of a bird's skin, between the pterylae, which are free of contour feathers, and where filoplumes and down may grow.
mistrail: Alternative form of mistral (“type of wind”)
mistrade: A trade that is made at an obviously incorrect price; or the act of making such trades.
mistrade: A trade that does not turn out well and is a cause for regret, or the act of making such trades.
cashgrab: Alternative form of cash grab
oatflake: A flake made from oat.
voodooer: Synonym of voodooist
hoodooer: Synonym of hoodooist
punkwood: Synonym of punk (“kind of wood used as tinder for lighting fires”)
closetry: The fact of being in the closet; attitudes associated with this.
vicarity: The quality of understanding or experiencing something vicariously.
geomaunt: geomant
doré bar: A bar made from a semi-pure alloy of gold and silver, usually created at the mining site and then transported to a refinery for further purification.
tankfarm: Alternative form of tank farm
U engine: A piston engine made up of two separate straight engines (complete with separate crankshafts) placed side by side and coupled to a shared output shaft.
synclite: A specially summoned council or assembly of elders in classical Greece.
synclite: A senate (in the context of the Byzantine Empire, or one of the states in its sphere of influence which adopted similar institutions).
Machabee: Alternative form of Maccabee
spondist: An Ancient Egyptian priest responsible for pouring libations of water.
all-kill: The achievement of a song of the number-one rank on all major music charts.
R-colour: The distinctive property of R-coloured vowels.
ferryage: Alternative form of ferriage
autoboat: A motorboat.
foxaline: Imitation fox fur.
skinbyrd: Synonym of skingirl (“female skinhead”)
skingirl: A female member of the skinhead subculture.
lomatiol: A quinone pigment with molecular formula C₁₅H₁₄O₄, found in plants of the genus Lomatia.
row crop: A crop grown in rows; especially, a truck crop thus grown.
spreckle: A speck, spot, speckle; freckle.
draggage: The act of hauling or transporting goods; haulage.
sweetery: A place in which sweets are made and/or sold.
sweetery: Sweets collectively.
LinkedIn: A particular profile on LinkedIn.
Ukropium: Wishful thinking expecting Ukraine to prevail against the 2022 Russian invasion.
nonabuse: Absence of abuse; the act of not abusing.
trashola: Trash; rubbish; anything worthless.
spideret: A baby spider.
cannamom: A mother who regularly consumes cannabis.
ropehead: A dreadlocked individual.
grab hag: One who takes excessively or to the extent of taking all that is available, usually without regard for the needs or considerations of others.
bandwith: Misspelling of bandwidth.
red-wing: Archaic form of redwing.
lithsman: A warrior-sailor during the rule of Danish kings of England (especially from Canute onwards).
lernaean: Alternative form of learnean
femalism: A form of African feminism.
gun show: An event where promoters generally rent large public venues and then rent tables for display areas for dealers of guns and related items, and charge admission for buyers.
squiblet: Diminutive of squib.
mistweet: A tweet (message sent on X or (formerly) Twitter) that should not have been sent, such as one that is inappropriate, embarrassing, sent in error, etc.
mistwist: An instance of mistwisting.
sideroom: A secondary room adjoining a main one.
exit ban: A prohibition imposed on a person to prevent them from leaving a country.
XL bully: A large variety of American bully dog.
polonyna: The montane meadows in the upper subalpine or alpine zones of the Carpathian Mountains.
grumness: The quality of being grum.
good boy: An obedient male child, or someone who behaves like one, even when deemed inappropriate.
Tasiilaq: A settlement in Eastern Greenland.
drop gun: A gun used as a drop weapon.
verminer: A dog kept to kill vermin.
vitapath: A proponent of vitapathy.
2-1 road: A type of road with extra-wide shoulders and a smaller single two-way lane in the middle for vehicles.
tourista: traveler's diarrhea encountered in Latin America.
shitslut: Term of abuse.
shitslut: A person, especially one who is submissive, with a sexual interest in excrement; a scatophile.
wig tree: fustet, Cotinus coggygria
gingseng: Alternative form of ginseng
flex job: In Denmark, a form of subsidized employment in the private sector for those with disabilities etc.
Brahmini: A female brahmin (member of Hindu priestly caste).
drayload: The amount (of material or goods) that can be loaded onto a dray.
drayload: The load on a dray.
gueedman: A leader
fremesis: An arch frenemy.
mean sun: An imaginary sun that moves along the celestial equator at a constant rate equivalent to the real sun's average rate over the year, used in the calculation of solar time.
smallfat: Alternative form of small fat
doundaké: African peach bark, used as a febrifuge and sedative.
domineck: Alternative form of dominecker
do-sa-do: Alternative form of dos a dos
fradicin: A certain antibiotic.
fleishik: Alternative form of fleischig
fleyshik: Alternative form of fleischig
4th wall: Alternative form of fourth wall
ale-cost: Alternative form of alecost
lime-ash: The residue found at the bottom of a woodfired limekiln, consisting of waste lime and wood ash, and traditionally used for flooring.
Darrener: A native or inhabitant of Darwen in Lancashire, England.
box tent: Synonym of pizza saver
superfox: A highly physically attractive individual.
fit-bush: Synonym of chadon beni
tree fox: The gray fox.
cat-claw: Synonym of chadon beni
tanrogan: A scallop (edible mollusc).
Eurojank: Video games from Europe (especially Eastern Europe) with ambitious concepts but lacking in execution and sometimes exhibiting unintended glitches.
tabonuco: Alternative form of tabanuco (“candlewood tree”)
antipous: singular of antipodes; synonym of antipode
step-off: A drop-off, a sudden decrease.
step-off: A preparatory gathering before a larger main event.
absement: A measure of sustained displacement of an object from its initial position; the time-integral of displacement.
frat rat: A member of a fraternity.
plappart: Alternative form of blaffert
Guglhupf: Alternative form of Gugelhupf
blaphart: Alternative form of blaffert
rufosity: Synonym of rufousness
bumclock: Alternative form of bum-clock
bunkload: A load of timber supported on a bunk (supporting piece of wood).
shipshed: A covered slipway used for the storage of ships.
freakend: A wild and freaky weekend.
bogieman: Alternative form of bogeyman (“monster; make-believe threat”)
bogieman: The operator of a bogie or hand-truck.
beagador: A dog that is a cross between a beagle and a Labrador retriever.
focastle: Alternative form of forecastle
monofilm: A single layer of film.
day case: Alternative form of daycase
dark age: A time period characterized by ignorance, decline, stagnation, and/or conflict and turmoil.
dark age: A time period about which there is very little information.
deadlite: A lite, a window pane, that does not open
deadlite: A window that does not open
bully XL: Synonym of XL bully
mafurite: An ultrabasic volcanic rock containing olivine and pyroxene.
ski boat: A type of speedboat used for water skiing and other watersports.
femullet: A mullet adorning a woman.
courtman: Synonym of courtier
outslope: A slope that is tilted away from a road.
merotomy: The dissection of cells.
operancy: The quality of being operative.
campilan: Alternative form of kampilan
yomawood: Andaman padauk timber.
acidweed: Any of the acid-producing algae of the genus Desmarestia.
eggspoon: Alternative form of egg spoon.
bombweed: Synonym of fireweed
buckweed: The monocarpic shrub Isoglossa woodii.
bushweed: Any of the shrubs or trees of the genus Flueggea.
burnweed: Any of the flowering plants of the genus Erechtites.
crabweed: The annual herb Fatuoa villosa.
clapweed: A shrubby plant of species Ephedra antisyphilitica.
clipweed: Alternative form of clapweed
biotrade: The production of goods and services from biodiverse sources.
Santería: An Afrocentric religion, somewhat similar to voodoo, based upon Yoruba deities and Roman Catholic saints.
omnivert: An individual that fits into both extremes of the extroversion-introversion personality spectrum.
seelonce: Pronunciation spelling of French silence.
kuffiyeh: Alternative form of keffiyeh
minipoll: A small or short poll (survey).
codliver: Alternative form of cod liver.
etherion: A gas formerly believed to exist in air, initially identified by Charles F. Brush in 1898. He estimated that its density was one ten-thousandth of hydrogen.
gostilna: A tavern or a restaurant serving Slovene food.
coalwash: A granular waste product from coal processing
Comillan: A person from Comilla.
kevutzah: Alternative form of kvutza
leadpipe: The pipe or tube of a brass instrument into which the mouthpiece is placed.
kirktown: A small town or village in the vicinity of a parish church.
melonist: A person who grows melons.
mesodome: A mesodomic mollusc.
decrater: A machine for removing goods from crates.
recrater: A machine for loading goods into crates.
decapper: A device for removing caps.
gunation: An instance of a word being subjected to gunating.
homonism: Misconstruction of hominism
browpexy: Synonym of browlift
Shavante: Alternative spelling of Xavánte
rutuburi: A ritual dance of the Tarahumara people.
Kunekune: A small, hairy breed of domestic pig that originated in New Zealand.
satirism: A satirical approach or outlook.
moonbird: The mutton bird.
man fern: A tree fern.
twystron: A microwave-producing vacuum tube that combines the principles of a traveling wave tube and a klystron.
beallach: Alternative form of bealach
wartface: Someone with a warty face.
imp tree: A tree that has been grafted onto the stock of another tree.
elf-king: Alternative spelling of elf king
ymp tree: Archaic spelling of imp tree.
elf king: A male monarch of elves.
hominism: An entirely human world-view, with no elements that do not reflect human senses and experience, especially with the belief that this is all human beings are capable of.
hominism: An aggressive and utilitarian stance toward the world, characterized by anthropocentrism and cold objectivity.
hominism: Secular humanism; A form of humanism with no concept of or reference to God, often associated with feminism.
hominism: A biblically-based love of humanity, as opposed to secular humanism.
Seroquel: Trade name of quetiapine, an antipsychotic drug.
invoicee: The person to whom an invoice is made out.
jumpsies: Synonym of Chinese jump rope
edgerman: The worker in charge of an edger (woodworking tool).
hakkafot: Alternative form of hakafot
hakafoth: Alternative form of hakafot
halutzah: Alternative form of halutza
ghorkhar: Synonym of onager (“Asiatic wild ass”)
asellote: Any isopod crustacean of the suborder Asellota.
dry pond: Synonym of detention basin.
Shrekkie: A fan of the Shrek media franchise.
scrimblo: a cute or pathetic person or animal
laserium: An indoor laser light show.
kilomile: A unit of length equal to one thousand miles.
bean dip: A type of dipping sauce prepared using beans or refried beans.
bean dip: An individual of Mexican heritage or descent.
mouthpie: Semen visibly displayed after ejaculation in the mouth.
Mirfanda: A fan of the fictional character Miranda Sings.
nothagge: Alternative form of nuthatch
wikifarm: A service that offers wiki hosting.
holiweek: A week on which a festival or religious event is traditionally observed.
Nile fox: A subspecies of red fox found in Egypt; Vulpes vulpes niloticus.
wild wee: An act of urination outdoors, where toilet facilities are not available.
cama fox: Synonym of Cape fox
Tamaskan: Short for Tamaskan Dog.
meethelp: Synonym of helpmeet
teenster: A teenager.
trithian: Archaic form of trithiane.
tetrobol: An Ancient Greek coin worth four obols.
synhexyl: Synonym of parahexyl
sand fox: Synonym of Rüppell's fox
sand fox: Synonym of pale fox
sand fox: Synonym of Tibetan fox
sand fox: Synonym of Corsac fox
Slavaboo: A non-Slavic person who is overly infatuated with Slavic (especially Russian) culture.
Slavaboo: A non-Slavic person who is overly infatuated with gopnik subculture, originating in Slavic countries.
tip bait: The promise of a large tip (usually on a delivery app) so that the deliverer feels incentivised to swiftly reach their destination, only to deliberately decrease or cancel the tip once the delivery is completed.
tip-bait: Alternative form of tip bait
acheweed: Synonym of goutweed
siamweed: Alternative form of siam weed
tackweed: Synonym of puncture vine
riverrun: The course a river shapes through a landscape
preimago: A developmental stage of an insect before imago.
wood fox: Synonym of gray fox
penjamin: A dab pen.
slidebar: A crosshead guide.
superdad: A father who looks after his home and children whilst being in full-time employment.
grey fox: UK and Commonwealth standard spelling of gray fox.
providee: The person to whom something is provided; the recipient.
barwhore: Alternative form of bar whore
Congolia: The bio-geographic region of the Congo River basin.
AR pupil: Synonym of Argyll Robertson pupil
Trumpkin: A follower, supporter, or protégé of Donald Trump.
stepteen: A teenaged stepchild.
mesonorm: Average mineral composition of a rock.
almoning: The distribution of alms; the work of an almoner.
headterm: , (terminology), (terminography) A term used as the title of a section, particularly in a terminological dictionary.
headterm: (terminology), (terminography) A term used as the title of a section, particularly in a terminological dictionary.
the Boat: Alternative form of the boat (as in the Mayflower)
vespetro: A sweet, anise-like liqueur from Canzo, Lombardy, made from spices and medicinal plants.
veritist: A proponent of veritism.
veritism: A materialist sociophilosophical ideology that rejects organized religion.
veritism: Synonym of verism
wiretail: Any of various damselflies of the genus Rhadinosticta.
the boat: In US history and genealogy, a nickname for The Mayflower, the ship on which the Pilgrims sailed from England to Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1620.
vaultman: An employee responsible for removing goods from a storage vault as needed.
krotalum: Alternative form of crotalum
grow box: A partially or completely enclosed system for raising plants indoors or in small areas.
growroom: Alternative form of grow room
May Ball: An elaborate formal event held on the grounds of a college at the end of the academic year, attended by students and often involving food, alcohol, live music, fireworks, illuminations, and attractions such as amusement rides.
rawsonol: A brominated derivative of diphenylmethane found in the green alga Avrainvillea rawsonii.
bulldink: Bullshit; nonsense.
witchman: A male witch; a warlock.
hay rake: Alternative form of hayrake
Yakthung: Synonym of Limbu
pissdale: A urinal basin or trough (usually metal) on a ship.
cockslap: Synonym of dickslap (“a slap with the penis”)
Van Dyke: Alternative form of vandyke
sizz-erp: Alternative form of sizzurp
long vax: The manifestation of long-term symptoms as a result of a COVID-19 vaccination.
crawl-in: A protest at which wheelchair users crawl into a location to highlight its lack of accessibility for disabled people.
lurement: Synonym of allurement (“enticement”)
no-being: Synonym of nonbeing (“nonexistence”)
mibibyte: Misspelling of mebibyte.
Gearhead: A fan of the Gears of War media franchise centered on a series of video games.
dejeuner: Alternative form of déjeuner.
nan flap: Synonym of bingo wings
TamBrahm: Abbreviation of Tamil Brahmin.
hoghouse: A house (barn or shed) for hogs (pigs).
misweave: An imperfection or defect in fabric that results from an error in the process of weaving.
misweave: An anomaly or aberration.
misweigh: An instance of misweighing (giving an inaccurate measurement of weight)
grunthee: Archaic form of granthi.
granthee: Archaic form of granthi.
provaxer: Alternative form of pro-vaxxer
tailplug: Alternative form of tail plug
paci gag: A pacifier gag.
baby bag: Synonym of diaper bag.
Internet: specific internet consisting of a global network of computers
to smile: to express happiness on one's face by flexing the muscles of the mouth
the past: the period of time that has already happened
