aberr: To go astray; to err.
aberr: Distort; aberrate.
abray: Obsolete form of abraid.
abear: To put up with; to endure; to bear.
abear: To bear; to carry.
abear: To behave; to comport oneself.
aband: To desist in practicing, using, or doing; to renounce.
aband: To desert; to forsake.
abord: Alternative form of aboard
abash: To make ashamed; to embarrass; to destroy the self-possession of, as by exciting suddenly a consciousness of guilt, mistake, or inferiority; to disconcert; to discomfit.
abash: To lose self-possession; to become ashamed.
abhor: To regard (someone or something) as horrifying or detestable; to feel great repugnance toward.
abhor: To fill with horror or disgust.
abhor: To turn aside or avoid; to keep away from; to reject.
abhor: To protest against; to reject solemnly.
abhor: To feel horror, disgust, or dislike (towards); to be contrary or averse (to); construed with from.
abhor: Differ entirely from.
abode: simple past and past participle of abide
abode: To bode; to foreshow; to presage.
abode: To be ominous.
accoy: To soothe, to calm; to assuage, to subdue.
abase: To lower, as in condition in life, office, rank, etc., so as to cause pain or hurt feelings; to degrade, to depress, to humble, to humiliate.
abase: To lower physically; to depress; to cast or throw down; to stoop.
abase: To lower in value, in particular by altering the content of alloys in coins; to debase.
abide: To endure without yielding; to withstand.
abide: To bear patiently.
abide: To pay for; to stand the consequences of.
abide: Used in a phrasal verb: abide by (“to accept and act in accordance with”).
abide: To wait in expectation.
abide: To pause; to delay.
abide: To stay; to continue in a place; to remain stable or fixed in some state or condition; to be left.
abide: To have one's abode.
abide: To endure; to remain; to last.
abide: To stand ready for; to await for someone; watch for.
abide: To endure or undergo a hard trial or a task; to stand up under.
abide: To await submissively; accept without question; submit to.
raven: To obtain or seize by violence.
raven: To devour with great eagerness.
raven: To prey on with rapacity.
raven: To show rapacity; to be greedy (for something).
fable: To compose fables; hence, to write or speak fiction; to write or utter what is not true.
fable: To make up; to devise, and speak of, as true or real; to tell of falsely; to recount in the form of a fable.
queef: To produce an emission of air from the vagina.
queef: To make the noise of (a thing) by means of queefs.
craft: To make by hand and with much skill.
craft: To construct, develop something (like a skilled craftsman).
craft: To combine multiple items to form a new item, such as armour or medicine.
march: To walk with long, regular strides, as a soldier does.
march: To cause someone to walk somewhere.
march: To go to war; to make military advances.
march: To make steady progress.
march: To have common borders or frontiers
abort: To miscarry; to bring forth (non-living) offspring prematurely.
abort: To cause a premature termination of (a fetus); to end a pregnancy before term.
abort: To end prematurely; to stop in the preliminary stages; to turn back.
abort: To stop or fail at something in the preliminary stages.
abort: To become checked in normal development, so as either to remain rudimentary or shrink away wholly; to cease organic growth before maturation; to become sterile.
abort: To cause an organism to develop minimally; to cause rudimentary development to happen; to prevent maturation.
abort: To abandon a mission at any point after the beginning of the mission and prior to its completion.
abort: To terminate a mission involving a missile or rocket; to destroy a missile or rocket prematurely.
abort: To terminate a process prior to completion.
eagle: To score an eagle.
scarp: to cut, scrape, erode, or otherwise make into a scarp or escarpment
pound: To wager a pound on.
pound: To confine in, or as in, a pound; to impound.
pound: To strike hard, usually repeatedly.
pound: To crush to pieces; to pulverize.
pound: To eat or drink very quickly.
pound: To pitch consistently to a certain location.
pound: To beat strongly or throb.
pound: To penetrate sexually, with vigour.
pound: To advance heavily with measured steps.
pound: To make a jarring noise, as when running.
trade: To engage in trade.
trade: To be traded at a certain price or under certain conditions.
trade: To give (something) in exchange (for).
trade: To mutually exchange (something) (with).
trade: To use or exploit a particular aspect, such as a name, reputation, or image, to gain advantage or benefit.
trade: To give someone a plant and receive a different one in return.
trade: To do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood.
trade: To have dealings; to be concerned or associated (with).
trade: To recommend and get recommendations.
birth: To bear or give birth to (a child).
birth: To produce, give rise to.
brown: To become brown.
brown: To cook something until it becomes brown.
brown: To tan.
brown: To make brown or dusky.
brown: To give a bright brown colour to, as to gun barrels, by forming a thin coating of oxide on their surface.
brown: To turn progressively more Hispanic or Latino, in the context of the population of a geographic region.
abate: To lessen (something) in force or intensity; to moderate.
abate: To reduce (something) in amount or size.
abate: To reduce (something) in amount or size.
abate: To cut away or hammer down (material from metalwork, a sculpture, etc.) in such a way as to leave a figure in relief.
abate: To lower (something) in price or value.
abate: To demolish or level to the ground (a building or other structure).
abate: To give no consideration to (something); to treat as an exception.
abate: To dull (an edge, point, etc.); to blunt.
abate: To make (a writ or other legal document) void; to nullify.
abate: To put an end to (a nuisance).
abate: To dismiss or otherwise bring to an end (legal proceedings) before they are completed, especially on procedural grounds rather than on the merits.
abate: To curtail or end (something); to cause to cease.
abate: To give (someone) a discount or rebate; also, to relieve (someone) of a debt.
abate: To bring down (someone) mentally or physically; to lower (someone) in status.
abate: Chiefly followed by from, of, etc.: to omit or remove (a part from a whole); to deduct, to subtract.
abate: Chiefly followed by of: to deprive (someone or something of another thing).
abate: To decrease in force or intensity; to subside.
abate: To decrease in amount or size.
abate: To lower in price or value; (law) specifically, of a bequest in a will: to lower in value because the testator's estate is insufficient to satisfy all the bequests in full.
abate: Of an edge, point, etc.: to become blunt or dull.
abate: Of a writ or other legal document: to become null and void; to cease to have effect.
abate: Of legal proceedings: to be dismissed or otherwise brought to an end before they are completed, especially on procedural grounds rather than on the merits.
abate: To give a discount or rebate; to discount, to rebate.
abate: To bow down; hence, to be abased or humbled.
abate: Chiefly followed by of: to deduct or subtract from.
abate: To enter upon and unlawfully seize (land) after the owner has died, thus preventing an heir from taking possession of it.
music: To seduce or entice with music.
alien: To estrange; to alienate.
alien: To transfer the ownership of something.
clock: To measure the duration of.
clock: To measure the speed of.
clock: To hit (someone) heavily.
clock: To take notice of; to realise; to recognize (someone or something).
clock: To identify (someone) as being transgender.
clock: To falsify the reading of the odometer of a vehicle.
clock: To beat a video game.
clock: To ornament (e.g. the side of a stocking) with figured work.
clock: To make the sound of a hen; to cluck.
clock: To hatch.
flute: To play on a flute.
flute: To make a flutelike sound.
flute: To utter with a flutelike sound.
flute: To form flutes or channels in (as in a column, a ruffle, etc.); to cut a semicylindrical vertical groove in (as in a pillar, etc.).
stock: To have on hand for sale.
stock: To provide with material requisites; to store; to fill; to supply.
stock: To allow (cows) to retain milk for twenty-four hours or more prior to sale.
stock: To put in the stocks as punishment.
stock: To fit (an anchor) with a stock, or to fasten the stock firmly in place.
stock: To arrange cards in a certain manner for cheating purposes; to stack the deck.
Dutch: To treat cocoa beans or powder with an alkali solution to darken the color and lessen the bitterness of the flavor.
comma: To place a comma or commas within text; to follow, precede, or surround a portion of text with commas.
color: To give something color.
color: To give something color.
color: To cause (a pipe, especially a meerschaum) to take on a brown or black color, by smoking.
color: To apply colors to the areas within the boundaries of a line drawing using colored markers or crayons.
color: To become red through increased blood flow.
color: To affect without completely changing.
color: To attribute a quality to; to portray (as).
color: To assign colors to the vertices of a graph (or the regions of a map) so that no two vertices connected by an edge (regions sharing a border) have the same color.
skill: To set apart; separate.
skill: To discern; have knowledge or understanding; to know how (to).
skill: To know; to understand.
skill: To have knowledge or comprehension; discern.
skill: To have personal or practical knowledge; be versed or practised; be expert or dextrous.
skill: To make a difference; signify; matter.
skill: To spend acquired points in exchange for skills.
false: To incorrectly decode noise as if it were a valid signal.
false: To violate, to betray (a promise, an agreement, one’s faith, etc.).
false: To counterfeit, to forge.
false: To make false, to corrupt from something true or real.
first: To propose (a new motion) in a meeting, which must subsequently be seconded.
grass: To lay out on the grass; to knock down (an opponent etc.).
grass: To act as a grass or informer, to betray; to report on (criminals etc) to the authorities.
grass: To cover with grass or with turf.
grass: To feed with grass.
grass: To expose, as flax, on the grass for bleaching, etc.
grass: To bring to the grass or ground; to land.
affix: To attach.
affix: To subjoin, annex, or add at the close or end; to append to.
affix: To fix or fasten figuratively; with on or upon.
fruit: To produce fruit, seeds, or spores.
world: To consider or cause to be considered from a global perspective; to consider as a global whole, rather than making or focussing on national or other distinctions; compare globalise.
world: To make real; to make worldly.
blood: To cause something to be covered with blood; to bloody.
blood: To let blood (from); to bleed.
blood: To initiate into warfare or a blood sport, traditionally by smearing with the blood of the first kill witnessed.
apple: To make or become apple-like.
apple: To form buds, bulbs, or fruit.
peace: To make peace; to put at peace; to be at peace.
peace: To peace out.
choir: To sing in concert.
wrung: simple past and past participle of wring
wrote: simple past of write
wrote: past participle of write
defer: To delay or postpone
defer: To delay or postpone
defer: to postpone induction into military service.
defer: After winning the opening coin toss, to postpone until the start of the second half a team's choice of whether to kick off or receive (and to allow the opposing team to make this choice at the start of the first half).
defer: To delay, to wait.
defer: To submit to the opinion or desire of others in respect to their judgment or authority.
defer: To render, to offer.
henna: To dye or tattoo with henna.
morph: To change shape, from one form to another, through computer animation.
morph: To shapeshift.
morph: To undergo dramatic change in a seamless and barely noticeable fashion.
index: To arrange an index for something, especially a long text.
index: To inventory; to take stock.
index: To normalise in order to account for inflation; to correct for inflation by linking to a price index in order to maintain real levels.
index: To measure by an associated value.
index: To be indexical for (some situation or state of affairs); to indicate.
index: To access a value in a data container by an index.
point: To extend the index finger in the direction of something in order to show where it is or to draw attention to it.
point: To draw attention to something or indicate a direction.
point: To face in a particular direction.
point: To direct toward an object; to aim.
point: To give a point to; to sharpen; to cut, forge, grind, or file to an acute end.
point: To indicate a probability of something.
point: To repair mortar.
point: To fill up and finish the joints of (a wall), by introducing additional cement or mortar, and bringing it to a smooth surface.
point: To cut, as a surface, with a pointed tool.
point: To direct or encourage (someone) in a particular direction.
point: To separate an integer from a decimal with a decimal point.
point: To mark with diacritics.
point: To supply with punctuation marks; to punctuate.
point: To direct the central processing unit to seek information at a certain location in memory.
point: To direct requests sent to a domain name to the IP address corresponding to that domain name.
point: To sail close to the wind.
point: To indicate the presence of game by a fixed and steady look, as certain hunting dogs do.
point: To approximate to the surface; to head.
point: To give point to (something said or done); to give particular prominence or force to.
point: To appoint.
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used to form the "anterior future", or "future in the past", indicating a futurity relative to a past time.
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used to; was or were habitually accustomed to; indicating an action in the past that happened repeatedly or commonly.
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Was or were determined to; indicating someone's insistence upon doing something.
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Could naturally have been expected to (given the tendencies of someone's character etc.).
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Wanted to.
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used with ellipsis of the infinitive verb, or postponement to a relative clause, in various senses.
would: Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Wished, desired (something).
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used as the auxiliary of the simple conditional modality, indicating a state or action that is conditional on another.
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Without explicit condition, or with loose or vague implied condition, indicating a hypothetical or imagined state or action.
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Suggesting conditionality or potentiality in order to express a sense of politeness, tentativeness, indirectness, hesitancy, uncertainty, etc.
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used to express what the speaker would do in another person's situation, as a means of giving a suggestion or recommendation.
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used to express the speaker's belief or assumption.
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Used interrogatively to express a polite request; are (you) willing to …?
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Might wish (+ verb in past subjunctive); often used in the first person (with or without that) in the sense of "if only".
would: A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.
would: Might desire; wish (something).
worst: To make worse.
worst: To grow worse; to deteriorate.
worst: To outdo or defeat, especially in battle.
radio: To use two-way radio to transmit (a message) (to another radio or other radio operator).
radio: To order or assist (to a location), using telecommunications.
radar: To scan with radar, or as if with radar.
quaff: To drink or imbibe with vigour or relish; to drink copiously; to swallow in large draughts.
quine: To deny the existence or significance of something obviously real or important.
quine: To append something to a quotation of itself.
ninth: To lose a ninth.
ninth: To divide by nine.
sixth: to divide by six, which also means multiplying a denominator by six
fifth: To sing in the fifth voice in a polyphonic melody.
fifth: To support something fifth, after four others have already done so.
fifth: To divide by five.
Greek: To cheat at cards.
Greek: Alternative letter-case form of greek.
penny: To jam a door shut by inserting pennies between the doorframe and the door.
penny: To circumvent the tripping of an electrical circuit breaker by the dangerous practice of inserting a coin in place of a fuse in a fuse socket.
penny: During a meal or as part of a drinking game, to drop a penny in a person's drink with the expectation that they finish it (or some such variation thereof); commonly associated with crewdates at Oxford and swaps at Cambridge.
tenth: To divide by ten, into tenths.
board: To step or climb onto or otherwise enter a ship, aircraft, train or other conveyance.
board: To provide someone with meals and lodging, usually in exchange for money.
board: To receive meals and lodging in exchange for money.
board: To (at least attempt to) capture an enemy ship by going alongside and grappling her, then invading her with a boarding party.
board: To obtain meals, or meals and lodgings, statedly for compensation
board: To approach (someone); to make advances to, accost.
board: To cover with boards or boarding.
board: To hit (someone) with a wooden board.
board: To write something on a board, especially a blackboard or whiteboard.
weave: To form something by passing lengths or strands of material over and under one another.
weave: To spin a cocoon or a web.
weave: To unite by close connection or intermixture.
weave: To compose creatively and intricately; to fabricate.
weave: To move by turning and twisting.
weave: To make (a path or way) by winding in and out or from side to side.
weave: To move the head back and forth in a stereotyped pattern, typically as a symptom of stress.
bench: To remove a player from play.
bench: To remove someone from a position of responsibility temporarily.
bench: To push a person backward against a conspirator behind them who is on their hands and knees, causing them to fall over.
bench: To furnish with benches.
bench: To place on a bench or seat of honour.
bench: To lift by bench pressing
bench: Alternative spelling of bentsh
cooee: To make such a call.
small: To make little or less.
small: To become small; to dwindle.
young: To become or seem to become younger.
young: To cause to appear younger.
young: To exhibit younging.
night: To spend a night (in a place), to overnight.
third: To agree with a proposition or statement after it has already been seconded.
third: To divide into three equal parts.
wring: Often followed by out: to squeeze or twist (something moist) tightly so that liquid is forced out.
wring: Often followed by out: to squeeze or twist (something moist) tightly so that liquid is forced out.
wring: To squeeze water from (an item of wet clothing) by passing through a wringer.
wring: Often followed by from or out: to extract (a liquid) from something wet by squeezing, twisting, or otherwise putting pressure on it.
wring: To hold (someone or something) tightly and press or twist; to wrest.
wring: To hold (someone or something) tightly and press or twist; to wrest.
wring: To clasp and twist (hands) together due to distress, sorrow, etc.
wring: To bend or strain (something) out of its position; to wrench, to wrest.
wring: To contort or screw up (the face or its features).
wring: To twist or wind (something) into coils; to coil.
wring: Of a thing (such as footwear): to pinch or press (a person or part of their body), causing pain.
wring: To cause (someone or something) physical harm, injury, or pain; specifically, by applying pressure or by twisting; to harm, to hurt, to injure.
wring: To cause (tears) to come out from a person or their eyes.
wring: To cause distress or pain to (a person or their heart, soul, etc.); to distress, to torment.
wring: To obtain (something) from or out of a person or thing by extortion or other force.
wring: To use effort to draw (a response, words, etc.) from or out of someone; to generate (something) as a response.
wring: To afflict or oppress (someone) to enforce compliance; to extort.
wring: To cause (someone) to do something or to think a certain way.
wring: To change (something) into another thing.
wring: To give (teachings, words, etc.) an incorrect meaning; to twist, to wrest.
wring: To put (oneself) in a position by cunning or subtle means; to insinuate.
wring: To slide (two ultraflat surfaces) together such that their faces bond.
wring: To be engaged in clasping and twisting (especially the hands), or exerting pressure.
wring: To twist the body in or as if in pain; to writhe.
wring: To contend, to struggle; also, to strive, to toil.
wring: To experience distress, pain, punishment, etc.
wring: Of a lode: to be depleted of ore; to peter or peter out.
wring: To make a way out with difficulty.
storm: Preceded by the dummy subject it: to have strong winds and usually lightning and thunder, and/or hail, rain, or snow.
storm: To make (someone or something) stormy; to agitate (someone or something) violently.
storm: To disturb or trouble (someone).
storm: To use (harsh language).
storm: To violently assault (a fortified position or stronghold, a building, etc.) with the aim of gaining control of it.
storm: To violently assault (a fortified position or stronghold, a building, etc.) with the aim of gaining control of it.
storm: To assault or gain control or power over (someone's heart, mind, etc.).
storm: To protect (seed-hay) from stormy weather by putting sheaves of them into small stacks.
storm: Of the weather: to be violent, with strong winds and usually lightning and thunder, and/or hail, rain, or snow.
storm: To be exposed to harsh (especially cold) weather.
storm: To move noisily and quickly like a storm (noun sense 1), usually in a state of anger or uproar.
storm: To move quickly in the course of an assault on a fortified position or stronghold, a building, etc.
storm: To be in a violent temper; to use harsh language; to fume, to rage.
wound: To hurt or injure (someone) by cutting, piercing, or tearing the skin.
wound: To hurt (a person's feelings).
wound: simple past and past participle of wind
write: To form letters, words or symbols on a surface in order to communicate.
write: To be the author of (a book, article, poem, etc.).
write: To send written information to.
write: To show (information, etc) in written form.
write: To convey a fact to someone via writing.
write: To be an author.
write: To record data mechanically or electronically.
write: To fill in, to complete using words.
write: To impress durably; to imprint; to engrave.
write: To make known by writing; to record; to prove by one's own written testimony; often used reflexively.
write: To sell (an option or other derivative).
write: To paint a religious icon.
yacht: To sail, voyage, or race in a yacht.
bongo: To play the bongo drums.
bongo: Of the heart, etc.: to beat with an irregular rhythm.
bongo: To hit something rhythmically with the hands.
abuse: To put to a wrong use; to misapply; to use improperly; to misuse; to use for a wrong purpose or end; to pervert
abuse: To injure; to maltreat; to hurt; to treat with cruelty, especially repeatedly.
abuse: To attack with coarse language; to insult; to revile; malign; to speak in an offensive manner to or about someone; to disparage.
abuse: To imbibe a drug for a purpose other than it was intended; to intentionally take more of a drug than was prescribed for recreational reasons; to take illegal drugs habitually.
abuse: To violate; defile; to rape; (reflexive) to masturbate.
abuse: Misrepresent; adulterate.
abuse: To deceive; to trick; to impose on; misuse the confidence of.
abuse: Disuse.
X-ray: To take a radiograph of; to obtain an image of using X-ray radiation, especially for the purpose of medical diagnostic evaluation.
sieve: To strain, sift or sort using a sieve.
sieve: To concede; let in
laugh: To show mirth, satisfaction, or derision, by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face, particularly of the mouth, causing a lighting up of the face and eyes, and usually accompanied by the emission of explosive or chuckling sounds from the chest and throat; to indulge in laughter.
laugh: To be or appear cheerful, pleasant, mirthful, lively, or brilliant; to sparkle; to sport.
laugh: To make an object of laughter or ridicule; to make fun of; to deride; to mock.
laugh: To affect or influence by means of laughter or ridicule.
laugh: To express by, or utter with, laughter.
plant: To place (a seed or plant) in soil or other substrate in order that it may live and grow.
plant: To furnish or supply with plants.
plant: To place (an object, or sometimes a person), often with the implication of intending deceit.
plant: To place or set something firmly or with conviction.
plant: To place in the ground.
plant: To engender; to generate; to set the germ of.
plant: To furnish with a fixed and organized population; to settle; to establish.
plant: To introduce and establish the principles or seeds of.
plant: To set up; to install; to instate.
humor: US spelling of humour
mouse: To move cautiously or furtively, in the manner of a mouse (the rodent) (frequently used in the phrasal verb to mouse around).
mouse: To hunt or catch mice (the rodents), usually of cats. [from c.]
mouse: To hunt or catch mice (the rodents), usually of cats.
mouse: To close the mouth of a hook by a careful binding of marline or wire.
mouse: To navigate by means of a computer mouse.
mouse: To tear, as a cat devours a mouse.
prick: To pierce or puncture slightly.
prick: To drive a nail into (a horse's foot), so as to cause lameness.
prick: To pierce or puncture slightly.
prick: To shoot without killing.
prick: To pierce or puncture slightly.
prick: To form by piercing or puncturing.
prick: To mark or denote by a puncture; to designate by pricking; to choose; to mark.
prick: To mark the surface of (something) with pricks or dots; especially, to trace a ship’s course on (a chart).
prick: To run a middle seam through the cloth of a sail.
prick: To fix by the point; to attach or hang by puncturing.
prick: To be punctured; to suffer or feel a sharp pain, as by puncture.
prick: To make or become sharp; to erect into a point; to raise, as something pointed; said especially of the ears of an animal, such as a horse or dog; and usually followed by up.
prick: Usually in the form prick out: to plant (seeds or seedlings) in holes made in soil at regular intervals.
prick: To incite, stimulate, goad.
prick: To urge one's horse on; to ride quickly.
prick: To affect with sharp pain; to sting, as with remorse.
prick: To make acidic or pungent.
prick: To become sharp or acid; to turn sour, as wine.
prick: To aim at a point or mark.
prick: to dress or adorn; to prink.
tense: To apply a tense to.
tense: To make tense.
tense: To become tense.
qualm: To have a sickly feeling.
drink: To consume (a liquid) through the mouth.
drink: To consume the liquid contained within (a bottle, glass, etc.).
drink: To consume alcoholic beverages.
drink: To take in (a liquid), in any manner; to suck up; to absorb; to imbibe.
drink: To take in; to receive within one, through the senses; to inhale; to hear; to see.
drink: To smoke, as tobacco.
upbar: To fasten with a bar.
upbar: To remove the bar or bars of, as a gate; to unbar.
quake: To tremble or shake.
quake: To be in a state of fear, shock, amazement, etc., such as might cause one to tremble.
wrong: To treat unjustly; to injure or harm.
wrong: To deprive of some right, or to withhold some act of justice.
wrong: To slander; to impute evil to unjustly.
vowel: To add vowel points to a consonantal script (e.g. niqqud in Hebrew or harakat in Arabic).
close: To remove a gap.
close: To move a thing, or part of a thing, nearer to another so that the gap or opening between the two is removed.
close: To remove a gap.
close: To obstruct or block.
close: To remove a gap.
close: To move to a position preventing fluid from flowing.
close: To remove a gap.
close: To move to a position allowing electricity to flow.
close: To remove a gap.
close: To grapple; to engage in close combat.
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To put an end to; to conclude.
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To come to an end.
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To cease trading for the day.
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To conclude (a sale).
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To make the final outs, usually three, of a game.
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To terminate an application, window, file or database connection, etc.
close: To finish, to terminate.
close: To cancel or reverse (a trading position).
close: To come or gather around; to enclose.
close: To have a vector sum of 0; that is, to form a closed polygon.
close: To do the tasks (putting things away, locking doors, etc.) required to prepare a store or other establishment to shut down for the night.
close: To turn off; to switch off.
quail: To waste away; to fade, to wither.
quail: To daunt or frighten (someone).
quail: To lose heart or courage; to be daunted or fearful.
quail: Of courage, faith, etc.: to slacken, to give way.
quail: To curdle or coagulate, as milk does.
quack: To make a noise like a duck.
quack: Of a queen bee: to make a high-pitched sound during certain stages of development.
quack: To practice or commit quackery (fraudulent medicine).
quack: To make vain and loud pretensions.
adore: To worship.
adore: To love with one's entire heart and soul; regard with deep respect and affection.
adore: To be very fond of.
adore: To adorn.
yeast: To ferment.
yeast: To rise.
yeast: To exaggerate.
xerox: To make a paper copy or copies by means of a photocopier.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To support oneself on the feet in an erect position.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To rise to one’s feet; to stand up.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To remain motionless.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To be placed in an upright or vertical orientation.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To place in an upright or standing position.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To occupy or hold a place; to be set, placed, fixed, located, or situated.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To measure when erect on the feet.
stand: To position or be positioned physically:
stand: To be present, to have welled up.
stand: To position or be positioned mentally:
stand: To be positioned to gain or lose.
stand: To position or be positioned mentally:
stand: To tolerate.
stand: To position or be positioned mentally:
stand: To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe.
stand: To position or be positioned mentally:
stand: To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed, steady, or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition.
stand: To position or be positioned mentally:
stand: To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To act as an umpire.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To undergo; withstand; hold up.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To be a candidate (in an election).
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To remain valid.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To oppose, usually as a team, in competition.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To cover the expense of; to pay for.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To have or maintain a position, order, or rank; to be in a particular relation.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To be consistent; to agree; to accord.
stand: To position or be positioned socially:
stand: To appear in court.
stand: Of a ship or its captain, to steer, sail (in a specified direction, for a specified destination etc.).
stand: To remain without ruin or injury.
stand: To stop asking for more cards; to keep one's hand as it has been dealt so far.
thick: To thicken.
queen: To act the part of a queen; to behave imperiously; to queen it.
queen: To make a queen or (figuratively) to give the status of a queen.
queen: To promote a pawn to a queen.
queen: To be the queen bee of a colony.
queen: To provide with a new queen bee.
queen: To sit on a person’s face to receive oral sex, typically while straddling the person’s head.
azure: To colour blue.
north: To turn or move toward the north.
green: To make (something) green, to turn (something) green.
green: To become or grow green in colour.
green: To add greenspaces to (a town, etc.).
green: To become environmentally aware.
green: To make (something) environmentally friendly.
south: To turn or move toward the south; to veer toward the south.
south: To come to the meridian; to cross the north and south line.
angry: To anger.
snake: To follow or move in a winding route.
snake: To steal slyly.
snake: To clean using a plumbing snake.
snake: To drag or draw, as a snake from a hole; often with out.
snake: To wind round spirally, as a large rope with a smaller, or with cord, the small rope lying in the spaces between the strands of the large one; to worm.
snake: To inform; to rat.
white: To make white; to whiten; to bleach.
woman: To staff with female labor.
woman: To make effeminate or womanish.
woman: To furnish with, or unite to, a woman.
woman: To call (a person) "woman" in a disrespectful fashion.
ochre: To cover or tint with ochre.
thumb: To touch or cover with the thumb.
thumb: To turn the pages of (a book) in order to read it cursorily.
thumb: To hitchhike
thumb: To soil or wear with the thumb or the fingers; to soil, or wear out, by frequent handling.
thumb: To manipulate (an object) with the thumb; especially, to pull back the hammer or open the cylinder of a revolver.
thumb: To fire (a single action revolver) quickly by pulling the hammer while keeping the trigger depressed.
alloy: To mix or combine; often used of metals.
alloy: To reduce the purity of by mixing with a less valuable substance.
alloy: To impair or debase by mixture.
conch: To refine the flavour and texture of chocolate by warming and grinding, either in a traditional concher, or between rollers.
conch: To play a conch seashell as a musical instrument, by blowing through a hole made close to the origin of the spiral.
visit: To habitually go to (someone in distress, sickness etc.) to comfort them. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.)
visit: To go and meet (a person) as an act of friendliness or sociability.
visit: Of God: to appear to (someone) to comfort, bless, or chastise or punish them. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.)
visit: To punish, to inflict harm upon (someone or something).
visit: Of a sickness, misfortune etc.: to afflict (someone).
visit: To inflict punishment, vengeance for (an offense) on or upon someone.
visit: To go to (a shrine, temple etc.) for worship. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.)
visit: To go to (a place) for pleasure, on an errand, etc.
other: To regard, label, or treat as an "other", as not part of the same group; to view as different and alien.
other: To treat as different or separate; segregate; ostracise.
angle: To place (something) at an angle.
angle: To change direction rapidly.
angle: To present or argue something in a particular way or from a particular viewpoint.
angle: To hamper (oneself or one's opponent) by leaving the cue ball in the jaws of a pocket such that the surround of the pocket (the "angle") blocks the path from cue ball to object ball.
angle: To try to catch fish with a hook and line.
angle: To attempt to subtly persuade someone to offer a desired thing.
honey: To sweeten; to make agreeable.
honey: To add honey to.
honey: To be gentle, agreeable, or coaxing; to talk fondly; to use endearments.
honey: To be or become obsequiously courteous or complimentary; to fawn.
habit: To clothe.
habit: To inhabit.
slate: To cover with slate.
slate: To criticise harshly.
slate: To schedule.
slate: To anticipate or strongly expect.
slate: To set a dog upon (a person).
slate: To nominate, appoint, or designate.
slate: To record a synchronization mark using a clapperboard.
fresh: To pack (fish) loosely on ice.
fresh: To flood or dilute an area of salt water with flowing fresh water.
fresh: To become stronger.
fresh: To rebore the barrel of a rifle or shotgun.
fresh: To update.
fresh: To freshen up.
fresh: To renew.
fresh: to give birth to a calf.
tract: To pursue, follow; to track.
tract: To draw out; to protract.
learn: To acquire, or attempt to acquire knowledge or an ability to do something.
learn: To attend a course or other educational activity.
learn: To gain knowledge from a bad experience so as to improve.
learn: To study.
learn: To come to know; to become informed of; to find out.
learn: To teach.
learn: 1993, The Simpsons, (18 Feb. 1993) Lisa's thoughts:
learn: 1993, The Simpsons, (18 Feb. 1993) Lisa's thoughts
squid: To fish with the kind of hook called a squid.
squid: To cause squidding (an improper, partial, parachute inflation, that results in the sides of the parachute folding in on the center, and pulsating back and forth).
mulch: To apply mulch.
mulch: To turn into mulch.
child: To give birth; to beget or procreate.
salsa: To dance the salsa.
chair: To act as chairperson at; to preside over.
chair: To carry in a seated position upon one's shoulders, especially in celebration or victory.
chair: To award a chair to (a winning poet) at a Welsh eisteddfod.
begun: past participle of begin
begun: simple past of begin
uncle: To address somebody by the term uncle.
uncle: To act like, or as, an uncle.
black: To make black; to blacken.
black: To apply blacking to (something).
black: To boycott, usually as part of an industrial dispute.
amber: To perfume or flavour with ambergris.
amber: To preserve in amber.
amber: To cause to take on the yellow colour of amber.
amber: To take on the yellow colour of amber.
earth: To connect electrically to the earth.
earth: To bury.
earth: To hide, or cause to hide, in the earth; to chase into a burrow or den.
earth: To burrow.
cream: To puree, to blend with a liquifying process.
cream: To turn a yellowish white colour; to give something the color of cream.
cream: To obliterate, to defeat decisively.
cream: To ejaculate (used of either gender).
cream: To ejaculate in (clothing or a bodily orifice).
cream: To rub, stir, or beat (butter) into a light creamy consistency.
cream: To skim, or take off by skimming, as cream.
cream: To take off the best or choicest part of.
cream: To furnish with, or as if with, cream.
cream: To gather or form cream.
chain: To fasten something with a chain.
chain: To connect as if with a chain, due to dependence, addiction, or other feelings
chain: To link multiple items together.
chain: To secure someone with fetters.
chain: To obstruct the mouth of a river etc with a chain.
chain: To obligate.
chain: To relate data items with a chain of pointers.
chain: To be chained to another data item.
chain: To measure a distance using a 66-foot long chain, as in land surveying.
chain: To load and automatically run (a program).
tower: To be very tall.
tower: To be high or lofty; to soar.
tower: To soar into.
gripe: To complain; to whine.
gripe: To annoy or bother.
gripe: To tend to come up into the wind, as a ship which, when sailing close-hauled, requires constant labour at the helm.
gripe: To pinch; to distress. Specifically, to cause pinching and spasmodic pain to the bowels of, as by the effects of certain purgative or indigestible substances.
gripe: To suffer griping pains.
gripe: To make a grab (to, towards, at or upon something).
gripe: To seize or grasp.
lemon: To flavour with lemon.
grape: To pick grapes.
grape: To develop tubercules as a result of tuberculosis.
grape: To develop a texture with small grape-like clusters of a contaminant or foreign substance.
grape: To grope.
grape: To envy (derived from "sour grapes" idiom).
grape: To rape
hello: To greet with "hello".
begin: To start, to initiate or take the first step into something.
begin: To be in the first stage of some situation
begin: To come into existence.
roach: To cut or shave off the mane of a horse so that the remaining hair stands up on the neck.
roach: To cut a person's hair so that it stands straight up.
bruit: To disseminate, promulgate, or spread news, a rumour, etc.
basin: To create a concavity or depression in.
basin: To serve as or become a basin.
basin: To shelter or enclose in a basin.
graft: To insert (a graft) in a branch or stem of another tree; to propagate by insertion in another stock; also, to insert a graft upon.
graft: To insert scions (grafts) from one tree, or kind of tree, etc., into another; to practice grafting.
graft: To implant a portion of (living flesh or akin) in a lesion so as to form an organic union.
graft: To join (one thing) to another as if by grafting, so as to bring about a close union.
graft: To cover, as a ring bolt, block strap, splicing, etc., with a weaving of small cord or rope yarns.
graft: To form a graft polymer
graft: To work hard.
graft: To obtain illegal gain from bribery or similar corrupt practices.
smile: To have (a smile) on one's face.
smile: To express by smiling.
smile: To express amusement, pleasure, or love and kindness.
smile: To look cheerful and joyous; to have an appearance suited to excite joy.
smile: To be propitious or favourable; to countenance.
right: To correct.
right: To set upright.
right: To return to normal upright position.
right: To do justice to; to relieve from wrong; to restore rights to; to assert or regain the rights of.
slang: To vocally abuse, or shout at.
slang: simple past of sling
slang: To sell (something, especially illegal drugs).
think: To ponder, to go over in one's head.
think: To communicate to oneself in one's mind, to try to find a solution to a problem.
think: To conceive of something or someone (usually followed by of; infrequently, by on).
think: To be of opinion (that); to consider, judge, regard, or look upon (something) as.
think: To guess; to reckon.
think: To plan; to be considering; to be of a mind (to do something).
think: To presume; to venture.
think: To seem, to appear.
snail: To move or travel very slowly.
tooth: To provide or furnish with teeth.
tooth: To indent; to jag.
tooth: To lock into each other, like gear wheels.
angel: To support by donating money.
smell: To sense a smell or smells.
smell: Followed by like or of if descriptive: to have a particular smell, whether good or bad.
smell: To smell bad; to stink.
smell: To have a particular tincture or smack of any quality; to savour.
smell: To detect or perceive; often with out.
smell: To give heed to.
smell: To smell of; to have a smell of
elbow: To push with the elbow or elbows; to forge ahead using the elbows to assist.
elbow: To strike with the elbow.
elbow: To nudge, jostle or push.
elbow: To make someone quit or lose their job so that someone else can get it.
arose: simple past of arise
arose: past participle of arise
awoke: simple past of awake
awoke: past participle of awake
piece: To assemble (something real or figurative).
piece: To make, enlarge, or repair, by the addition of a piece or pieces; to patch; often with out.
piece: To produce a work of graffiti more complex than a tag.
pants: To pull someone’s pants down; to forcibly remove someone’s pants.
pants: third-person singular simple present indicative of pant
blown: past participle of blow
sound: To produce a sound.
sound: To convey an impression by one's sound.
sound: To be conveyed in sound; to be spread or published; to convey intelligence by sound.
sound: To resound.
sound: To arise or to be recognizable as arising in or from a particular area of law, or as likely to result in a particular kind of legal remedy.
sound: To cause to produce a sound.
sound: To pronounce.
sound: Of a whale, to dive downwards.
sound: To ascertain, or to try to ascertain, the thoughts, motives, and purposes of (a person); to examine; to try; to test; to probe.
sound: To fathom or test; to ascertain the depth of water with a sounding line or other device.
sound: To examine with the instrument called a sound or sonde, or by auscultation or percussion.
crept: simple past and past participle of creep
built: simple past of build
built: past participle of build
trail: To follow behind (someone or something); to tail (someone or something).
trail: To drag (something) behind on the ground.
trail: To leave (a trail of).
trail: To show a trailer of (a film, TV show etc.); to release or publish a preview of (a report etc.) in advance of the full publication.
trail: To hang or drag loosely behind; to move with a slow sweeping motion.
trail: To run or climb like certain plants.
trail: To drag oneself lazily or reluctantly along.
trail: To be losing, to be behind in a competition.
trail: To carry (a firearm) with the breech near the ground and the upper part inclined forward, the piece being held by the right hand near the middle.
trail: To create a trail in.
trail: To travel by following or creating trails.
trail: To transport (livestock) by herding it along a trail.
trail: To take advantage of the ignorance of; to impose upon.
dealt: simple past and past participle of deal
clung: simple past and past participle of cling
dived: simple past and past participle of dive (scuba diving)
dived: past participle of dive (jump head-first)
borne: past participle of bear
dwelt: simple past and past participle of dwell
began: simple past of begin
began: past participle of begin
loose: To let loose, to free from restraints.
loose: To unfasten, to loosen.
loose: To make less tight, to loosen.
loose: Of a grip or hold, to let go.
loose: To shoot (an arrow).
loose: To set sail.
loose: To solve; to interpret.
loose: Misspelling of lose.
drawn: past participle of draw
arise: To come up from a lower to a higher position.
arise: To come up from one's bed or place of repose; to get up.
arise: To spring up; to come into action, being, or notice; to become operative, sensible, or visible; to begin to act a part; to present itself.
flung: simple past and past participle of fling
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To make physical contact with; to bring the hand, finger or other part of the body into contact with.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To come into (involuntary) contact with; to meet or intersect.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To come into physical contact, or to be in physical contact.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To make physical contact with a thing.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To physically disturb; to interfere with, molest, or attempt to harm through contact.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To make intimate physical contact with a person.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To sexually excite with the fingers; to finger or masturbate.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To cause to be briefly in contact with something.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To physically affect in specific ways implied by context.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To consume, or otherwise use.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: Of a ship or its passengers: to land, to make a short stop (at).
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To lay hands on (someone suffering from scrofula) as a form of cure, as formerly practised by English and French monarchs.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To fasten; to take effect; to make impression.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To bring (a sail) so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To be brought, as a sail, so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes.
touch: Primarily physical senses.
touch: To keep the ship as near (the wind) as possible.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To imbue or endow with a specific quality.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To deal with in speech or writing; to mention briefly, to allude to.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To deal with in speech or writing; briefly to speak or write (on or upon something).
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To concern, to have to do with.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To affect emotionally; to bring about tender or painful feelings in.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To affect in a negative way, especially only slightly.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To give royal assent to by touching it with the sceptre.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To obtain money from, usually by borrowing (from a friend).
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To disturb the mental functions of; to make somewhat insane; often followed with "in the head".
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To be on the level of; to approach in excellence or quality.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To come close to; to approach.
touch: Primarily non-physical senses.
touch: To mark (a file or document) as having been modified.
touch: To try; to prove, as with a touchstone.
touch: To mark or delineate with touches; to add a slight stroke to with the pencil or brush.
touch: To infect; to affect slightly.
touch: To strike; to manipulate; to play on.
touch: To perform, as a tune; to play.
touch: To influence by impulse; to impel forcibly.
eaten: past participle of eat
drank: simple past of drink
drank: past participle of drink
chose: simple past of choose
chose: past participle of choose
chose: simple past of chuse
flown: past participle of fly
flown: past participle of flow
facet: To cut a facet into a gemstone.
burnt: simple past and past participle of burn
hoist: To raise; to lift; to elevate (especially, to raise or lift to a desired elevation, by means of tackle or pulley, said of a sail, a flag, a heavy package or weight).
hoist: To lift a trophy or similar prize into the air in celebration of a victory.
hoist: To lift someone up to be flogged.
hoist: To be lifted up.
hoist: To extract (code) from a loop construct as part of optimization.
hoist: To steal.
hoist: To rob.
goose: To sharply poke or pinch the buttocks, or prod between the buttocks, of (a person).
goose: To stimulate; to spur.
goose: To gently accelerate (an automobile or machine), or give repeated small taps on the accelerator.
goose: Of private-hire taxi drivers, to pick up a passenger who has not booked a cab, in violation of UK licensing conditions.
goose: To hiss (a performer) off the stage.
forgo: To let pass, to leave alone, to let go.
forgo: To do without, to abandon, to renounce.
forgo: To refrain from, to abstain from, to pass up, to withgo.
froze: simple past of freeze
froze: past participle of freeze
broke: simple past of break
broke: past participle of break
broke: To act as a broker; to transact business for another; synonym of broker.
broke: To act as procurer in love matters; to pimp.
drove: simple past of drive
drove: To herd cattle; particularly over a long distance.
drove: To finish (stone) with a drove chisel.
grown: past participle of grow
knelt: simple past and past participle of kneel.
cling: To hold very tightly, as to not fall off.
cling: To adhere to an object, without being affixed, in such a way as to follow its contours. Used especially of fabrics and films.
cling: To cause to adhere to, especially by twining round or embracing.
cling: To cause to dry up or wither.
cling: To dry up or wither.
cling: To be fond of, to feel strongly about and dependent on.
cling: To produce a high-pitched ringing sound, like a small bell.
leant: simple past and past participle of lean
leapt: simple past and past participle of leap
inset: To set in; infix or implant.
inset: To insert something.
inset: To add an inset to something.
tribe: To distribute into tribes or classes; to categorize.
voice: To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce
voice: To utter audibly, with tone and not just breath.
voice: To fit for producing the proper sounds; to regulate the tone of
voice: To vote; to elect; to appoint
voice: To clamor; to cry out
voice: To assign the voice flag to a user on IRC, permitting them to send messages to the channel.
voice: To act as a voice actor to portray a character.
heard: simple past and past participle of hear
while: To pass (time) idly.
while: To occupy or entertain (someone) in order to let time pass.
while: To elapse, to pass.
while: Alternative spelling or misspelling of wile.
meant: simple past and past participle of mean
mouth: To speak; to utter.
mouth: To represent (words or sounds) by making the actions of speech, but without producing sound.
mouth: To move the mouth, with or without sound; to form (air or words) with the mouth, with or without sound.
mouth: To utter with a voice that is overly loud or swelling.
mouth: To exit at a mouth (such as a river mouth)
mouth: To pick up or handle with the lips or mouth, but not chew or swallow.
mouth: To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour.
mouth: To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick, as a bear licks her cub.
mouth: To carry in the mouth.
mouth: To make mouths at
mouth: To form a mouth or opening in.
mouth: To examine the teeth of.
given: past participle of give
braid: To make a sudden movement with, to jerk.
braid: To start into motion.
braid: To weave together, intertwine (strands of fibers, ribbons, etc.); to arrange (hair) in braids.
braid: To mix, or make uniformly soft, by beating, rubbing, or straining, as in preparing food.
braid: To reproach; to upbraid.
infer: To introduce (something) as a reasoned conclusion; to conclude by reasoning or deduction, as from premises or evidence.
infer: To lead to (something) as a consequence; to imply.
infer: To cause, inflict (something) upon or to someone.
infer: To introduce (a subject) in speaking, writing etc.; to bring in, to adduce.
known: past participle of know
found: simple past and past participle of find
found: To start (an institution or organization).
found: To begin building.
found: To use as a foundation; to base.
found: To melt, especially of metal in an industrial setting.
found: To form by melting a metal and pouring it into a mould; to cast.
imply: to have as a necessary consequence
imply: to suggest by logical inference
imply: to hint; to insinuate; to suggest tacitly and avoid a direct statement
imply: to enfold, entangle.
fling: To move (oneself) abruptly or violently; to rush or dash.
fling: To throw with violence or quick movement; to hurl.
fling: To throw; to wince; to flounce.
fling: To utter abusive language; to sneer.
kneel: To rest on one's bent knees, sometimes only one; to move to such a position.
kneel: To sink down so that the entrance is level with the pavement, making it easier for passengers to enter.
kneel: To cause to kneel.
kneel: To rest on (one's) knees
bleed: To lose blood through an injured blood vessel.
bleed: To let or draw blood from.
bleed: To take large amounts of money from.
bleed: To steadily lose (something vital).
bleed: To spread from the intended location and stain the surrounding cloth or paper.
bleed: To remove air bubbles from a pipe containing other fluids.
bleed: To tap off high-pressure gas (usually air) from a system that produces high-pressure gas primarily for another purpose.
bleed: To bleed on; to make bloody.
bleed: To show one's group loyalty by showing (its associated color) in one's blood.
bleed: To lose sap, gum, or juice.
bleed: To issue forth, or drop, like blood from an incision.
bleed: To destroy the environment where another phonological rule would have applied.
bleed: To (cause to) extend to the edge of the page, without leaving any margin.
bleed: To lose money.
burst: To break from internal pressure.
burst: To cause to break from internal pressure.
burst: To cause to break by any means.
burst: To separate (printer paper) at perforation lines.
burst: To enter or exit hurriedly and unexpectedly.
burst: To erupt; to change state suddenly as if bursting.
burst: To produce as an effect of bursting.
burst: To interrupt suddenly in a violent or explosive manner; to shatter.
dwell: To live; to reside.
dwell: To linger on a particular thought, idea, etc.; to remain fixated on something.
dwell: To be in a given state.
dwell: To abide; to remain; to continue.
bound: simple past and past participle of bind
bound: To surround a territory or other geographical entity; to form the boundary of.
bound: To be the bound of.
bound: To leap, move by jumping.
bound: To cause to leap.
bound: To rebound; to bounce.
bound: To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound; to bounce.
awake: To become conscious after having slept.
awake: To cause (somebody) to stop sleeping.
awake: 1665, Robert Hooke, Micrographia
awake: [This ant] I ſuffered to lye above an hour in the Spirit; and after I had taken it out, and put its body and legs into a natural poſture, remained moveleſs about an hour; but then , upon a ſudden, as if it had been awaken out of a drunken ſleep, it ſuddenly reviv'd and ran away...
awake: To make aware of something.
awake: To excite or to stir up something latent.
awake: To rouse from a state of inaction or dormancy.
awake: To come out of a state of inaction or dormancy.
vapor: To become vapor; to be emitted or circulated as vapor.
vapor: To turn into vapor.
vapor: To emit vapor or fumes.
vapor: To use insubstantial language; to boast or bluster.
vapor: To give (someone) the vapors; to depress, to bore.
input: To put in; put on.
input: To enter data.
input: To accept data that is entered.
creep: To move slowly with the abdomen close to the ground.
creep: To grow across a surface rather than upwards.
creep: To move slowly and quietly in a particular direction.
creep: To make small gradual changes, usually in a particular direction.
creep: To move in a stealthy or secret manner; to move imperceptibly or clandestinely; to steal in; to insinuate itself or oneself.
creep: To slip, or to become slightly displaced.
creep: To move or behave with servility or exaggerated humility; to fawn.
creep: To have a sensation as of insects creeping on the skin of the body; to crawl.
creep: To drag in deep water with creepers, as for recovering a submarine cable.
creep: To covertly have sex (with a person other than one's primary partner); to cheat with.
outdo: To excel; go beyond in performance; surpass.
nurse: To breastfeed: to feed (a baby) at the breast; to suckle.
nurse: To breastfeed: to be fed at the breast.
nurse: To care for (someone), especially in sickness; to tend to.
nurse: To treat kindly and with extra care.
nurse: To manage with care and economy.
nurse: To drink slowly, to make it last.
nurse: To foster, to nourish.
nurse: To hold closely to one's chest
nurse: To strike (billiard balls) gently, so as to keep them in good position during a series of shots.
means: third-person singular simple present indicative of mean
breed: To produce offspring sexually; to bear young.
breed: To give birth to; to be the native place of.
breed: Of animals, to mate.
breed: To keep animals and have them reproduce in a way that improves the next generation’s qualities.
breed: To arrange the mating of specific animals.
breed: To propagate or grow plants trying to give them certain qualities.
breed: To take care of in infancy and through childhood; to bring up.
breed: To yield or result in.
breed: To be formed in the parent or dam; to be generated, or to grow, like young before birth.
breed: To educate; to instruct; to bring up
breed: To produce or obtain by any natural process.
breed: To have birth; to be produced, developed or multiplied.
breed: To ejaculate inside; to attempt to impregnate.
flesh: To reward (a hound, bird of prey etc.) with flesh of the animal killed, to excite it for further hunting; to train (an animal) to have an appetite for flesh.
flesh: To bury (something, especially a weapon) in flesh.
flesh: To inure or habituate someone in or to a given practice.
flesh: To glut.
flesh: To put flesh on; to fatten.
flesh: To remove the flesh from the skin during the making of leather.
build: To form (something) by combining materials or parts.
build: To develop or give form to (something) according to a plan or process.
build: To increase or strengthen (something) by adding gradually to.
build: To establish a basis for (something).
build: To form by combining materials or parts.
build: To develop in magnitude or extent.
build: To construct (software) by compiling its source code.
build: To be converted into software by compilation, usually with minimal human intervention.
spelt: simple past and past participle of spell
spelt: To split; to break; to spalt.
train: To practice an ability.
train: To teach and form (someone) by practice; to educate (someone).
train: To improve one's fitness.
train: To proceed in sequence.
train: To move (a gun) laterally so that it points in a different direction.
train: To encourage (a plant or branch) to grow in a particular direction or shape, usually by pruning and bending.
train: To feed data into an algorithm, usually based on a neural network, to create a machine learning model that can perform some task.
train: To trace (a lode or any mineral appearance) to its head.
train: To create a trainer (cheat patch) for; to apply cheats to (a game).
train: To draw (something) along; to trail, to drag (something).
train: To trail down or along the ground.
train: To draw by persuasion, artifice, or the like; to attract by stratagem; to entice; to allure.
train: To be on intimate terms with.
y'all: To use the pronoun "y'all" (to).
human: To behave as or become, or to cause to behave as or become, a human.
bring: To transport toward somebody/somewhere.
bring: To supply or contribute.
bring: To occasion or bring about.
bring: To raise (a lawsuit, charges, etc.) against somebody.
bring: To persuade; to induce; to draw; to lead; to guide.
bring: To produce in exchange; to sell for; to fetch.
bring: To pitch, often referring to a particularly hard thrown fastball.
let's: Used to form the cohortative of verbs, equivalent of the first-person plural imperative in some other languages.
let's: Used to form the hortative of verbs, equivalent of the second-person plural imperative in some other languages, chiefly instructional
slept: simple past and past participle of sleep
redid: simple past of redo
reran: simple past of rerun
repay: Synonym of pay back in all senses.
repay: To make worthwhile; to yield a result worth the effort; to pay off.
repay: To give in return; requite.
repay: To pay (cover with tar, pitch, etc.) again.
brief: To summarize a recent development to some person with decision-making power.
brief: To write a legal argument and submit it to a court.
dream: To see imaginary events in one's mind while sleeping.
dream: To hope, to wish.
dream: To daydream.
dream: To envision as an imaginary experience (usually when asleep).
dream: To consider the possibility (of).
force: To violate (a woman); to rape.
force: To exert oneself, to do one's utmost.
force: To make someone or something do something, often regardless of their will.
force: To constrain by force; to overcome the limitations or resistance of.
force: To drive (something) by force, to propel (generally + prepositional phrase or adverb).
force: To cause to occur (despite inertia, resistance etc.); to produce through force.
force: To forcibly open (a door, lock etc.).
force: To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically, to capture by assault; to storm, as a fortress.
force: To create an out by touching a base in advance of a runner who has no base to return to while in possession of a ball which has already touched the ground.
force: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit that he/she does not hold.
force: To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.
force: To provide with forces; to reinforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.
force: To allow the force of; to value; to care for.
force: To grow (rhubarb) in the dark, causing it to grow early.
force: To stuff; to lard; to farce.
canal: To dig an artificial waterway in or to (a place), especially for drainage
canal: To travel along a canal by boat
sewed: simple past and past participle of sew
shorn: past participle of shear
shone: simple past and past participle of shine
grind: To reduce to smaller pieces by crushing with lateral motion.
grind: To shape with the force of friction.
grind: To remove material by rubbing with an abrasive surface.
grind: To become ground, pulverized, or polished by friction.
grind: To move with much difficulty or friction; to grate.
grind: To slide the flat portion of a skateboard or snowboard across an obstacle such as a railing.
grind: To oppress, hold down or weaken.
grind: To rotate the hips erotically.
grind: To dance in a sexually suggestive way with both partners in very close proximity, often pressed against each other.
grind: To repeat a task a large number of times in a row to achieve a specific goal.
grind: To operate by turning a crank.
grind: To produce mechanically and repetitively as if by turning a crank.
grind: To automatically format and indent code.
grind: To instill through repetitive teaching.
grind: To eat.
grind: To work or study hard; to hustle or drudge.
grind: To annoy or irritate (a person); to grind one's gears.
blond: To color or dye blond.
cable: To provide with cable(s)
cable: To fasten (as if) with cable(s)
cable: To wrap wires to form a cable
cable: To send a telegram, news, etc., by cable
cable: To communicate by cable
cable: To ornament with cabling.
cable: To create cable stitches.
plead: To present (an argument or a plea), especially in a legal case.
plead: To beg, beseech, or implore, especially emotionally.
plead: To offer by way of excuse.
plead: To discuss by arguments.
risen: past participle of rise
rerun: To run again; to repeat.
rerun: To broadcast (a television program etc.) again.
rerun: To be broadcast again.
rerun: To run (a race or other contest) again.
rerun: To run (a computer program) again.
shook: To pack (staves, etc.) in a shook.
shook: simple past of shake.
shook: past participle of shake
sweet: To sweeten.
shirt: To cover or clothe with a shirt, or as if with a shirt.
skirt: To be on or form the border of.
skirt: To move around or along the border of; to avoid the center of.
skirt: To cover with a skirt; to surround.
skirt: To avoid or ignore (something); to manage to avoid (something or a problem); to skate by (something).
shown: past participle of show
slung: simple past and past participle of sling
slain: past participle of slay
stung: simple past and past participle of sting
stunk: simple past and past participle of stink
stood: simple past and past participle of stand
reset: To set back to the initial state.
reset: To set to zero.
reset: To adjust; to set or position differently.
reset: To receive and hide (stolen goods, or a criminal, etc.)
paint: To apply paint to.
paint: To apply in the manner that paint is applied.
paint: To apply with a brush in order to treat some body part.
paint: To cover (something) with spots of colour, like paint.
paint: To create (an image) with paints.
paint: To practise the art of painting pictures.
paint: To draw an element in a graphical user interface.
paint: To depict or portray.
paint: To color one's face by way of beautifying it.
paint: To direct a radar beam toward.
swung: simple past and past participle of swing
drunk: past participle of drink
drunk: simple past of drink
spent: simple past and past participle of spend
speak: To communicate with one's voice, to say words out loud.
speak: To have a conversation.
speak: To communicate or converse by some means other than orally, such as writing or facial expressions.
speak: To deliver a message to a group; to deliver a speech.
speak: To be able to communicate in a language.
speak: To be able to communicate in a language.
speak: To be able to communicate in the manner of specialists in a field.
speak: To utter.
speak: To communicate (some fact or feeling); to bespeak, to indicate.
speak: To understand (as though it were a language).
speak: To produce a sound; to sound.
speak: Of a bird, to be able to vocally reproduce words or phrases from a human language.
speak: To address; to accost; to speak to.
swore: simple past of swear
swore: past participle of swear
swept: simple past and past participle of sweep
sworn: past participle of swear
stuck: simple past and past participle of stick (archaic sticked)
undid: simple past of undo
threw: simple past of throw
threw: past participle of throw
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To capture or snare (someone or something which would rather escape).
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To entrap or trip up a person; to deceive.
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To marry or enter into a similar relationship with.
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To reach (someone) with a strike, blow, weapon etc.
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To overtake or catch up to; to be in time for.
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To unpleasantly discover unexpectedly; to unpleasantly surprise (someone doing something).
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To travel by means of.
catch: To capture, overtake.
catch: To become pregnant. (Only in past tense or as participle.)
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To grab, seize, take hold of.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To take or replenish something necessary, such as breath or sleep.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To grip or entangle.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To be held back or impeded.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To engage with some mechanism; to stick, to succeed in interacting with something or initiating some process.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To have something be held back or impeded.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To make a grasping or snatching motion (at).
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To spread or be conveyed to.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To grip (the water) with one's oars at the beginning of the stroke.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To germinate and set down roots.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To contact a wave in such a way that one can ride it back to shore.
catch: To seize hold of.
catch: To handle an exception.
catch: To intercept.
catch: To seize or intercept an object moving through the air (or, sometimes, some other medium).
catch: To intercept.
catch: To seize (an opportunity) when it occurs.
catch: To intercept.
catch: To end a player's innings by catching a hit ball before the first bounce.
catch: To intercept.
catch: To play (a specific period of time) as the catcher.
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To be the victim of (something unpleasant, painful etc.).
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To be touched or affected by (something) through exposure.
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To become infected by (an illness).
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To spread by infection or similar means.
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To receive or be affected by (wind, water, fire etc.).
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To acquire, as though by infection; to take on through sympathy or infection.
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To be hit by something.
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To serve well or poorly for catching, especially for catching fish.
catch: To receive (by being in the way).
catch: To get pregnant.
catch: To take in with one's senses or intellect.
catch: To grasp mentally: perceive and understand.
catch: To take in with one's senses or intellect.
catch: To take in; to watch or listen to (an entertainment).
catch: To take in with one's senses or intellect.
catch: To reproduce or echo a spirit or idea faithfully.
catch: To seize attention, interest.
catch: To charm or entrance.
catch: To seize attention, interest.
catch: To attract and hold (a faculty or organ of sense).
waked: simple past and past participle of wake
shear: To cut, originally with a sword or other bladed weapon, now usually with shears, or as if using shears.
shear: To remove the fleece from a sheep etc. by clipping.
shear: To cut the hair of (a person).
shear: To deform because of forces pushing in opposite directions.
shear: To change in direction or speed.
shear: To transform by displacing every point in a direction parallel to some given line by a distance proportional to the point’s distance from the line.
shear: To make a vertical cut in coal.
shear: To reap, as grain.
shear: To deprive of property; to fleece.
cruel: To spoil or ruin (one's chance of success)
cruel: To violently provoke (a child) in the belief that this will make them more assertive.
strew: To distribute objects or pieces of something over an area, especially in a random manner.
strew: To cover, or lie upon, by having been scattered.
strew: To spread abroad; to disseminate.
strew: To populate with at random points; to cause to appear randomly distributed throughout.
smelt: simple past and past participle of smell
smelt: To fuse or melt two things into one, especially in order to extract metal from ore; to meld.
curve: To bend; to crook.
curve: To cause to swerve from a straight course.
curve: To bend or turn gradually from a given direction.
curve: To grade on a curve (bell curve of a normal distribution).
curve: (slang) To reject, to turn down romantic advances.
spoke: To furnish (a wheel) with spokes.
spoke: simple past of speak
spoke: past participle of speak
woken: past participle of wake
woken: To make or become woke or woker.
begum: To daub or cover with gum.
chalk: To apply chalk to anything, such as the tip of a billiard cue.
chalk: To record something, as on a blackboard, using chalk.
chalk: To use powdered chalk to mark the lines on a playing field.
chalk: To record a score or event, as if on a chalkboard.
chalk: To manure (land) with chalk.
chalk: To make white, as if with chalk; to make pale; to bleach.
crime: To subject to disciplinary punishment.
crime: To commit crime.
thing: To express as a thing; to reify.
stole: simple past of steal
stole: past participle of steal
brick: To build, line, or form with bricks.
brick: To make into bricks.
brick: To hit someone or something with a brick.
brick: To make an electronic device nonfunctional and usually beyond repair, essentially making it no more useful than a brick.
brick: To become nonfunctional, especially in a way beyond repair.
brick: To blunder; to screw up.
spell: To put under the influence of a spell; to affect by a spell; to bewitch; to fascinate; to charm.
spell: To write or say the letters that form a word or part of a word.
spell: To read (something) as though letter by letter; to peruse slowly or with effort.
spell: Of letters: to compose (a word).
spell: To clarify; to explain in detail.
spell: To indicate that (some event) will occur; typically followed by a single-word noun.
spell: To constitute; to measure.
spell: To speak, to declaim.
spell: To tell; to relate; to teach.
spell: To work in place of (someone).
spell: To rest (someone or something), to give someone or something a rest or break.
spell: To rest from work for a time.
cheap: To trade; traffic; bargain; chaffer; ask the price of goods; cheapen goods.
cheap: To bargain for; chaffer for; ask the price of; offer a price for; cheapen.
cheap: To buy; purchase.
cheap: To sell.
taken: past participle of take
fight: Senses relating to physical conflict:
fight: To engage in combat with; to oppose physically, to contest with.
fight: Senses relating to physical conflict:
fight: To conduct or engage in (battle, warfare etc.).
fight: Senses relating to physical conflict:
fight: To contend in physical conflict, either singly or in war, battle etc.
fight: Senses relating to physical conflict:
fight: To contend in physical conflict with each other, either singly or in war, battle etc.
fight: Senses relating to physical conflict:
fight: To cause to fight; to manage or manoeuvre in a fight.
fight: To strive for something; to campaign or contend for success.
fight: To try to overpower; to fiercely counteract.
fight: Of colours or other design elements: to clash; to fail to harmonize.
brush: To clean with a brush.
brush: To untangle or arrange with a brush.
brush: To apply with a brush.
brush: To remove with a sweeping motion.
brush: To touch with a sweeping motion, or lightly in passing.
brush: To clean one's teeth by brushing them.
sling: To throw with a circular or arcing motion.
sling: To throw with a sling.
sling: To pass a rope around (a cask, gun, etc.) preparatory to attaching a hoisting or lowering tackle.
sling: To sell, peddle, or distribute (often illicitly, e.g. drugs, sex, etc.).
stink: To have a strong bad smell.
stink: To be greatly inferior; to perform badly.
stink: To give an impression of dishonesty, untruth, or sin.
stink: To cause to stink; to affect by a stink.
stank: simple past of stink
stank: To stink; to smell bad.
stank: To cause to smell bad.
stank: To dam up; to block the flow of water or other liquid.
stank: To pack in tightly.
stank: To seal off an area of the mine in which a fire has started.
stank: To surround or guard.
stank: To trample.
stank: To stumble or lurch.
stank: To cause (the udders) to become blocked and inflamed from lack of milking.
tread: To step or walk (on or across something); to trample.
tread: To step or walk upon.
tread: To proceed, to behave (in a certain manner).
tread: To beat or press with the feet.
tread: To work a lever, treadle, etc., with the foot or the feet.
tread: To go through or accomplish by walking, dancing, etc.
tread: To crush under the foot; to trample in contempt or hatred; to subdue.
tread: To copulate; said of (especially male) birds.
tread: To copulate with.
tread: To crush grapes with one's feet to make wine
spoil: To strip (someone who has been killed or defeated) of their arms or armour.
spoil: To strip or deprive (someone) of their possessions; to rob, despoil.
spoil: To plunder, pillage (a city, country etc.).
spoil: To carry off (goods) by force; to steal.
spoil: To ruin; to damage (something) in some way making it unfit for use.
spoil: To ruin the character of, by overindulgence; to coddle or pamper to excess.
spoil: Of food, to become bad, sour or rancid; to decay.
spoil: To render (a ballot paper) invalid by deliberately defacing it.
spoil: To reveal the ending or major events of (a story etc.); to ruin (a surprise) by exposing it ahead of time.
spoil: To reduce the lift generated by an airplane or wing by deflecting air upwards, usually with a spoiler.
leave: To have a consequence or remnant.
leave: To cause or allow (something) to remain as available; to refrain from taking (something) away; to stop short of consuming or otherwise depleting (something) entirely.
leave: To have a consequence or remnant.
leave: To cause, to result in.
leave: To have a consequence or remnant.
leave: To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver, with a sense of withdrawing oneself.
leave: To depart; to separate from.
leave: To let be or do without interference.
leave: To depart; to separate from.
leave: To depart from; to end one's connection or affiliation with.
leave: To depart; to separate from.
leave: To end one's membership in (a group); to terminate one's affiliation with (an organization); to stop participating in (a project).
leave: To depart; to separate from.
leave: To depart; to go away from a certain place or state.
leave: To transfer something.
leave: To transfer possession of after death.
leave: To transfer something.
leave: To give (something) to someone; to deliver (something) to a repository; to deposit.
leave: To transfer something.
leave: To transfer responsibility or attention of (something) (to someone); to stop being concerned with.
leave: To remain (behind); to stay.
leave: To stop, desist from; to "leave off" (+ noun / gerund).
leave: To give leave to; allow; permit; let; grant.
leave: To produce leaves or foliage.
leave: To raise; to levy.
cough: Sometimes followed by up: to force (something) out of the lungs or throat by pushing air from the lungs through the glottis (causing a short, explosive sound), and out through the mouth.
cough: To cause (oneself or something) to be in a certain condition in the manner described in sense 1.1.
cough: To express (words, etc.) in the manner described in sense 1.1.
cough: To surrender (information); to confess.
cough: Chiefly followed by up: to give up or hand over (something); especially, to pay up (money).
cough: To push air from the lungs through the glottis (causing a short, explosive sound) and out through the mouth, usually to expel something blocking or irritating the airway.
cough: To make a noise like a cough.
cough: To surrender information; to confess, to spill the beans.
drawl: To drag on slowly and heavily; to while or dawdle away time indolently.
drawl: To utter or pronounce in a dull, spiritless tone, as if by dragging out the utterance.
drawl: To move slowly and heavily; move in a dull, slow, lazy manner.
drawl: To speak with a slow, spiritless utterance, from affectation, laziness, or lack of interest.
twang: To produce or cause to produce a sharp vibrating sound, like a tense string pulled and suddenly let go.
twang: To have a nasal sound.
twang: To have a trace of a regional or foreign accent.
twang: To play a stringed musical instrument by plucking and snapping.
bread: To coat with breadcrumbs.
bread: To make broad; spread.
bread: To form in meshes; net.
spend: To pay out (money).
spend: To bestow; to employ; often with on or upon.
spend: To squander.
spend: To exhaust, to wear out.
spend: To consume, to use up (time).
spend: To have an orgasm; to ejaculate sexually.
spend: To waste or wear away; to be consumed.
spend: To be diffused; to spread.
spend: To break ground; to continue working.
speed: To succeed; to prosper, be lucky.
speed: To help someone, to give them fortune; to aid or favour.
speed: To go fast.
speed: To exceed the speed limit.
speed: To increase the rate at which something occurs.
speed: To be under the influence of stimulant drugs, especially amphetamines.
speed: To be expedient.
speed: To hurry to destruction; to put an end to; to ruin.
speed: To wish success or good fortune to, in any undertaking, especially in setting out upon a journey.
speed: To cause to make haste; to dispatch with celerity; to drive at full speed; hence, to hasten; to hurry.
speed: To hasten to a conclusion; to expedite.
stiff: To fail to pay that which one owes (implicitly or explicitly) to another, especially by departing hastily.
stiff: To cheat someone
stiff: To tip ungenerously.
stiff: To kill.
stiff: To be unsuccessful.
shake: To cause (something) to move rapidly in opposite directions alternatingly.
shake: To move (one's head) from side to side, especially to indicate refusal, reluctance, or disapproval.
shake: To move or remove by agitating; to throw off by a jolting or vibrating motion.
shake: To disturb emotionally; to shock.
shake: To lose, evade, or get rid of (something).
shake: To move from side to side.
shake: To shake hands.
shake: To dance.
shake: To give a tremulous tone to; to trill.
shake: To threaten to overthrow.
shake: To be agitated; to lose firmness.
drive: To provide an impetus for motion or other physical change, to move an object by means of the provision of force thereto.
drive: To provide an impetus for a non-physical change, especially a change in one's state of mind.
drive: To displace either physically or non-physically, through the application of force.
drive: To cause intrinsic motivation through the application or demonstration of force: to impel or urge onward thusly, to compel to move on, to coerce, intimidate or threaten.
drive: (especially of animals) To impel or urge onward by force; to push forward; to compel to move on.
drive: To direct a vehicle powered by a horse, ox or similar animal.
drive: To cause animals to flee out of.
drive: To move (something) by hitting it with great force.
drive: To cause (a mechanism) to operate.
drive: To operate (a wheeled motorized vehicle).
drive: To operate (an aircraft).
drive: To motivate; to provide an incentive for.
drive: To compel (to do something).
drive: To cause to become.
drive: To hit the ball with a drive.
drive: To travel by operating a wheeled motorized vehicle.
drive: To convey (a person, etc.) in a wheeled motorized vehicle.
drive: To move forcefully.
drive: To be moved or propelled forcefully (especially of a ship).
drive: To urge, press, or bring to a point or state.
drive: To carry or to keep in motion; to conduct; to prosecute.
drive: To clear, by forcing away what is contained.
drive: To dig horizontally; to cut a horizontal gallery or tunnel.
drive: To put together a drive (n.): to string together offensive plays and advance the ball down the field.
drive: To distrain for rent.
drive: To separate the lighter (feathers or down) from the heavier, by exposing them to a current of air.
drive: To be the dominant party in a sex act.
swear: To take an oath, to promise intensely, solemnly, and/or with legally binding effect.
swear: To take an oath that an assertion is true.
swear: To promise intensely that something is true; to strongly assert.
swear: To administer an oath to (a person).
swear: To use offensive, profane, or obscene language.
swear: To be lazy; rest for a short while during working hours.
sting: To hurt, usually by introducing poison or a sharp point, or both.
sting: To puncture with the stinger.
sting: To hurt, to be in pain (physically or emotionally).
sting: To cause harm or pain to.
sweep: To clean (a surface) by means of a stroking motion of a broom or brush.
sweep: To move through a (horizontal) arc or similar long stroke.
sweep: To search (a place) methodically.
sweep: To travel quickly.
sweep: To play a sweep shot.
sweep: To brush the ice in front of a moving stone, causing it to travel farther and to curl less.
sweep: To move something in a long sweeping motion, as a broom.
sweep: To win (a series) without drawing or losing any of the games in that series.
sweep: To defeat (a team) in a series without drawing or losing any of the games in that series.
sweep: To clear (a body of water or part thereof) of mines.
sweep: To remove something abruptly and thoroughly.
sweep: To brush against or over; to rub lightly along.
sweep: To carry with a long, swinging, or dragging motion; hence, to carry in a stately or proud fashion.
sweep: To strike with a long stroke.
sweep: To row with one oar to either the port or starboard side.
sweep: To draw or drag something over.
sweep: To pass over, or traverse, with the eye or with an instrument of observation.
sweep: To vacuum a carpet or rug.
prove: To demonstrate that something is true or viable; to give proof for.
prove: To turn out; to manifest.
prove: To turn out to be.
prove: To put to the test, to make trial of.
prove: To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify.
prove: To experience.
prove: To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of.
prove: Alternative form of proof (“allow (dough) to rise; test the activeness of (yeast); pressure-test (a firearm)”)
prove: To determine by experiment which effects a substance causes when ingested.
prove: simple past of proove
break: To separate into two or more pieces, to fracture or crack, by a process that cannot easily be reversed for reassembly.
break: To separate into two or more pieces, to fracture or crack, by a process that cannot easily be reversed for reassembly.
break: To crack or fracture (bone) under a physical strain.
break: To divide (something, often money) into smaller units.
break: To cause (a person or animal) to lose spirit or will; to crush the spirits of.
break: To cause (a person or animal) to lose spirit or will; to crush the spirits of.
break: To turn an animal into a beast of burden.
break: To be crushed, or overwhelmed with sorrow or grief.
break: To interrupt; to destroy the continuity of; to dissolve or terminate.
break: To interrupt; to destroy the continuity of; to dissolve or terminate.
break: To end the run of (a play).
break: To ruin financially.
break: To fail in business; to go broke, to become bankrupt.
break: Of prices on the stock exchange: to fall suddenly.
break: To violate; to fail to adhere to.
break: To go down, in terms of temperature, indicating that the most dangerous part of the illness has passed.
break: To end.
break: To begin or end.
break: To arrive.
break: To render (a game) unchallenging by altering its rules or exploiting loopholes or weaknesses in them in a way that gives a player an unfair advantage.
break: To stop, or to cause to stop, functioning properly or altogether.
break: To stop, or to cause to stop, functioning properly or altogether.
break: To cause (some feature of a program or piece of software) to stop functioning properly; to cause a regression.
break: To cause (a barrier) to no longer bar.
break: To cause the shell of (an egg) to crack, so that the inside (yolk) is accessible.
break: To cause (a barrier) to no longer bar.
break: To open (a safe) without using the correct key, combination, or the like.
break: To cause (a barrier) to no longer bar.
break: To destroy the arrangement of; to throw into disorder; to pierce.
break: To collapse into surf, after arriving in shallow water.
break: To burst forth; to make its way; to come into view.
break: To interrupt or cease one's work or occupation temporarily; to go on break.
break: To interrupt (a fall) by inserting something so that the falling object does not (immediately) hit something else beneath.
break: To disclose or make known an item of news, a band, etc.
break: To become audible suddenly.
break: To change a steady state abruptly.
break: To (attempt to) disengage and flee to; to make a run for.
break: To suddenly become.
break: To become deeper at puberty.
break: To alter in type due to emotion or strain: in men, generally to go up, in women, sometimes to go down; to crack.
break: To surpass or do better than (a specific number); to do better than (a record), setting a new record.
break: To win a game (against one's opponent) as receiver.
break: To make the first shot; to scatter the balls from the initial neat arrangement.
break: To remove one of the two men on (a point).
break: To demote; to reduce the military rank of.
break: To end (a connection); to disconnect.
break: To demulsify.
break: To counter-attack.
break: To lay open, as a purpose; to disclose, divulge, or communicate.
break: To become weakened in constitution or faculties; to lose health or strength.
break: To destroy the strength, firmness, or consistency of.
break: To destroy the official character and standing of; to cashier; to dismiss.
break: To make an abrupt or sudden change; to change gait.
break: To fall out; to terminate friendship.
break: To terminate the execution of a program before normal completion.
break: To suspend the execution of a program during debugging so that the state of the program can be investigated.
break: To cause, or allow the occurrence of, a line break.
break: To B-boy; to breakdance.
upset: To make (a person) angry, distressed, or unhappy.
upset: To disturb, disrupt or adversely alter (something).
upset: To tip or overturn (something).
upset: To defeat unexpectedly.
upset: To be upset or knocked over.
upset: To set up; to put upright.
upset: To thicken and shorten, as a heated piece of iron, by hammering on the end.
upset: To shorten (a tire) in the process of resetting, originally by cutting it and hammering on the ends.
sleep: To rest in a state of reduced consciousness.
sleep: To have sexual intercourse (see sleep with).
sleep: To accommodate in beds.
sleep: To be careless, inattentive, or unconcerned; not to be vigilant; to live thoughtlessly.
sleep: To be dead.
sleep: To be, or appear to be, in repose; to be quiet; to be unemployed, unused, or unagitated; to rest; to lie dormant.
sleep: To wait for a period of time without performing any action.
sleep: To place into a state of hibernation.
sleep: To spin on its axis with no other perceptible motion.
sleep: To cause (a spinning top or yo-yo) to spin on its axis with no other perceptible motion.
shine: To emit or reflect light so as to glow.
shine: To reflect light.
shine: To distinguish oneself; to excel.
shine: To be effulgent in splendour or beauty.
shine: To be eminent, conspicuous, or distinguished; to exhibit brilliant intellectual powers.
shine: To be immediately apparent.
shine: To create light with (a flashlight, lamp, torch, or similar).
shine: To cause to shine, as a light or by reflected light.
shine: To cause (something) to shine; put a shine on (something); polish (something).
shine: To polish a cricket ball using saliva and one’s clothing.
venom: To infect with venom; to envenom; to poison.
shape: To create or make.
shape: To give something a shape and definition.
shape: To form or manipulate something into a certain shape.
shape: To give influence to.
shape: To suit; to be adjusted or conformable.
shape: To imagine; to conceive.
charm: To seduce, persuade or fascinate someone or something.
charm: To use a magical charm upon; to subdue, control, or summon by incantation or supernatural influence.
charm: To protect with, or make invulnerable by, spells, charms, or supernatural influences.
charm: To make music upon.
charm: To subdue or overcome by some secret power, or by that which gives pleasure; to allay; to soothe.
brake: To operate (a) brake(s).
brake: To be stopped or slowed (as if) by braking.
brake: To bruise and crush; to knead
brake: To pulverise with a harrow
brake: simple past of break
teach: To pass on knowledge to.
teach: To pass on knowledge generally, especially as one's profession; to act as a teacher.
teach: To cause (someone) to learn or understand (something).
teach: To cause to know the disagreeable consequences of some action.
teach: To show (someone) the way; to guide, conduct; to point, indicate.
swing: To rotate about an off-centre fixed point.
swing: To dance.
swing: To ride on a swing.
swing: To participate in the swinging lifestyle; to participate in wife-swapping.
swing: To hang from the gallows; to be punished by hanging, swing for something or someone; (often hyperbolic) to be severely punished.
swing: To move sideways in its trajectory.
swing: (of a bowler) To make the ball move sideways in its trajectory.
swing: To fluctuate or change.
swing: To move (an object) backward and forward; to wave.
swing: To change (a numerical result); especially to change the outcome of an election.
swing: To make (something) work; especially to afford (something) financially.
swing: To play notes that are in pairs by making the first of the pair slightly longer than written (augmentation) and the second shorter, resulting in a bouncy, uneven rhythm.
swing: To move one's arm in a punching motion.
swing: In dancing, to turn around in a small circle with one's partner, holding hands or arms.
swing: To admit or turn something for the purpose of shaping it; said of a lathe.
swing: To put (a door, gate, etc.) on hinges so that it can swing or turn.
swing: To turn round by action of wind or tide when at anchor.
swing: To turn in a different direction.
swell: To become bigger, especially due to being engorged.
swell: To cause to become bigger.
swell: To grow gradually in force or loudness.
swell: To cause to grow gradually in force or loudness.
swell: To raise to arrogance; to puff up; to inflate.
swell: To be raised to arrogance.
swell: To be elated; to rise arrogantly.
swell: To be turgid, bombastic, or extravagant.
swell: To protuberate; to bulge out.
split: To divide fully or partly along a more or less straight line.
split: To break along the grain fully or partly along a more or less straight line.
split: To share; to divide.
split: To leave.
split: To separate.
split: To (cause to) break up; to throw into discord.
split: To factor into linear factors.
split: To be broken; to be dashed to pieces.
split: To burst out laughing.
split: To divulge a secret; to betray confidence; to peach.
split: For both teams involved in a doubleheader to win one game each and lose another.
split: To vote for candidates of opposite parties.
shrew: To beshrew; to curse.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To fire (a weapon that releases a projectile).
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To fire (a projectile).
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To fire a projectile at (a person or target).
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To cause a weapon to discharge a projectile.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To hunt birds, etc. with a gun.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To hunt on (a piece of land); to kill game in or on.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To throw dice.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To ejaculate.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To begin to speak.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To discharge a missile; said of a weapon.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To dismiss or do away with.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To photograph.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To film.
shoot: To launch a projectile.
shoot: To push or thrust a bolt quickly; hence, to open a lock.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To move very quickly and suddenly.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To go over or pass quickly through.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To tip (something, especially coal) down a chute.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To penetrate, like a missile; to dart with a piercing sensation.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To feel a quick, darting pain; to throb in pain.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To change form suddenly; especially, to solidify.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To send out or forth, especially with a rapid or sudden motion; to cast with the hand; to hurl; to discharge; to emit.
shoot: To move or act quickly or suddenly.
shoot: To send to someone.
shoot: To act or achieve.
shoot: To lunge.
shoot: To act or achieve.
shoot: To deviate from kayfabe, either intentionally or accidentally; to actually connect with unchoreographed fighting blows and maneuvers, or speak one's mind (instead of an agreed script).
shoot: To act or achieve.
shoot: To make the stated score.
shoot: To measure the distance and direction to (a point).
shoot: To inject a drug (such as heroin) intravenously.
shoot: To develop, move forward.
shoot: To germinate; to bud; to sprout.
shoot: To develop, move forward.
shoot: To grow; to advance.
shoot: To develop, move forward.
shoot: To move ahead by force of momentum, as a sailing vessel when the helm is put hard alee.
shoot: To develop, move forward.
shoot: To travel or ride on (breaking waves) rowards the shore.
shoot: To develop, move forward.
shoot: To push or thrust forward; to project; to protrude; often with out.
shoot: To protrude; to jut; to project; to extend.
shoot: To plane straight; to fit by planing.
shoot: To variegate as if by sprinkling or intermingling; to color in spots or patches.ᵂ
shoot: To shoot the moon.
shoot: To carry out, or attempt to carry out (an approach to an airport runway).
shoot: To carry out a seismic survey with geophones in an attempt to detect oil.
brain: To dash out the brains of; to kill by smashing the skull.
brain: To strike (someone) on the head.
brain: To destroy; to put an end to.
brain: To conceive in the mind; to understand.
ashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ash
belly: To position one’s belly; to move on one’s belly.
belly: To swell and become protuberant; to bulge or billow.
belly: To cause to swell out; to fill.
slide: To (cause to) move in continuous contact with a surface.
slide: To move on a low-friction surface.
slide: To drop down and skid into a base.
slide: To lose one’s balance on a slippery surface.
slide: To pass or put imperceptibly; to slip.
slide: To subtly direct a facial expression at (someone).
slide: To pass inadvertently.
slide: To pass along smoothly or unobservedly; to move gently onward without friction or hindrance.
slide: To decrease in amount or value.
slide: To smoothly pass from one note to another by bending the pitch upwards or downwards.
slide: To ride down snowy hills upon a toboggan or similar object for recreation.
slide: To go; to move from one place or to another.
slide: To kick so that the ball slides along the ground with little or no turning.
crush: To press between two hard objects; to squeeze so as to alter the natural shape or integrity, or to force together into a mass.
crush: To reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding.
crush: To overwhelm by pressure or weight.
crush: To do impressively well at (sports events; performances; interviews; etc.).
crush: To oppress or grievously burden.
crush: To overcome completely; to subdue totally.
crush: To be or become broken down or in, or pressed into a smaller volume or area, by external weight or force.
crush: To feel infatuation or unrequited love.
crush: To give a compressed or foreshortened appearance to.
crush: To make certain colors so similar as to be hard to distinguish, either as a deliberate effect or as a limitation of a display.
cause: To set off an event or action.
cause: To actively produce as a result, by means of force or authority.
cause: To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse.
light: To start (a fire).
light: To set fire to; to set burning.
light: To illuminate; to provide light for when it is dark.
light: To become ignited; to take fire.
light: To attend or conduct with a light; to show the way to by means of a light.
light: To make (a bonus) available to be collected by hitting a target, and thus light up the feature light corresponding to that bonus to indicate its availability.
light: To unload a ship, or to jettison material to make it lighter
light: To lighten; to ease of a burden; to take off.
light: To find by chance.
light: To stop upon (of eyes or a glance); to notice
light: To alight; to land or come down.
filed: simple past and past participle of file
throw: To hurl; to release (an object) with some force from one's hands, an apparatus, etc. so that it moves rapidly through the air.
throw: To eject or cause to fall off.
throw: To move to another position or condition; to displace.
throw: To make (a pot) by shaping clay as it turns on a wheel.
throw: To deliver (the ball) illegally by straightening the bowling arm during delivery.
throw: To send (an error) to an exception-handling mechanism in order to interrupt normal processing.
throw: To intentionally lose a game.
throw: (of a game where one's role is throwing something) to perform in a specified way in (a match).
throw: To confuse or mislead.
throw: To send desperately.
throw: To imprison.
throw: To organize an event, especially a party.
throw: To roll (a die or dice).
throw: To cause a certain number on the die or dice to be shown after rolling it.
throw: To discard.
throw: To lift the opponent off the ground and bring him back down, especially into a position behind the thrower.
throw: To change in order to give the illusion that the voice is that of someone else.
throw: To show sudden emotion, especially anger.
throw: To project or send forth.
throw: To put on hastily; to spread carelessly.
throw: To twist two or more filaments of (silk, etc.) so as to form one thread; to twist together, as singles, in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver.
throw: To select (a pitcher); to assign a pitcher to a given role (such as starter or reliever).
throw: To install (a bridge).
throw: To twist or turn.
throw: Synonym of pass
throw: To deliver.
throw: Of animals: to give birth to (young).
throw: Obsolete spelling of throe
clean: To remove dirt from a place or object.
clean: To tidy up, make a place neat.
clean: To remove equipment from a climbing route after it was previously lead climbed.
clean: To make things clean in general.
clean: To remove unnecessary files, etc. from (a directory, etc.).
clean: To brush the ice lightly in front of a moving rock to remove any debris and ensure a correct line; less vigorous than a sweep.
clean: To purge a raw of any blemishes caused by the scanning process such as brown tinting and poor color contrast.
clean: Synonym of clean up
clean: To remove guts and/or scales of a butchered animal.
jewel: To bejewel; to decorate or bedeck with jewels or gems.
modem: To transmit by modem.
logic: To engage in excessive or inappropriate application of logic.
logic: To apply logical reasoning to.
logic: To overcome by logical argument.
rumor: To tell a rumor about; to gossip.
laser: To cut, destroy or treat with a laser.
laser: To throw or kick with laser-like precision.
cloud: To become foggy or gloomy, or obscured from sight.
cloud: To overspread or hide with a cloud or clouds.
cloud: Of the breath, to become cloud; to turn into mist.
cloud: To make obscure.
cloud: To make less acute or perceptive.
cloud: To make gloomy or sullen.
cloud: To blacken; to sully; to stain; to tarnish (reputation or character).
cloud: To mark with, or darken in, veins or sports; to variegate with colors.
cloud: To become marked, darkened or variegated in this way.
rough: To create in an approximate form.
rough: To break the rules by being excessively violent.
rough: To commit the offense of roughing, i.e. to punch another player.
rough: To render rough; to roughen.
rough: To break in (a horse, etc.), especially for military purposes.
rough: To endure primitive conditions.
rough: To roughen a horse's shoes to keep the animal from slipping.
blade: To skate on rollerblades.
blade: To furnish with a blade.
blade: To put forth or have a blade.
blade: To stab with a blade
blade: To cut (a person) so as to provoke bleeding.
sword: To stab or cut with a sword
brass: To coat with brass.
piano: To play the piano.
piano: To move (the fingers) up and down on, similar to the motions of a pianist playing the piano.
piano: To equip with a piano.
piano: To become softer and less intense.
clear: To remove obstructions, impediments or other unwanted items from.
clear: To remove (items or material) so as to leave something unobstructed or open.
clear: To leave abruptly; to clear off or clear out.
clear: To become free from obstruction or obscurement; to become transparent.
clear: To eliminate ambiguity or doubt from (a matter); to clarify or resolve; to clear up.
clear: To remove from suspicion, especially of having committed a crime.
clear: To pass without interference; to miss.
clear: To exceed a stated mark.
clear: To finish or complete (a stage, challenge, or game).
clear: Of a check or financial transaction, to go through as payment; to be processed so that the money is transferred.
clear: To earn a profit of; to net.
clear: To approve or authorise for a particular purpose or action; to give clearance to.
clear: To obtain approval or authorisation in respect of.
clear: To obtain a clearance.
clear: To obtain permission to use (a sample of copyrighted audio) in another track.
clear: To disengage oneself from incumbrances, distress, or entanglements; to become free.
clear: To hit, kick, head, punch etc. (a ball, puck) away in order to defend one's goal.
clear: To reset or unset; to return to an empty state or to zero.
clear: To style (an element within a document) so that it is not permitted to float at a given position.
clear: To unload a firearm, or undergo an unloading procedure, in order to prevent negligent discharge; for safety reasons, to check whether one's firearm is loaded or unloaded.
plate: To cover the surface material of an object with a thin coat of another material, usually a metal.
plate: To place the various elements of a meal on the diner's plate prior to serving.
plate: To score a run.
plate: To arm or defend with metal plates.
plate: To beat into thin plates.
plate: To specify which airline a ticket will be issued on behalf of.
plate: to categorise stamps based on their position on the original sheet, in order to reconstruct an entire sheet.
plate: To identify the printing plate used.
vomit: To regurgitate or eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth; puke.
vomit: To regurgitate and discharge (something swallowed); to spew.
vomit: To eject from any hollow place; to belch forth; to emit.
orbit: To circle or revolve around another object or position.
orbit: To circle or revolve around another object or position.
orbit: To place an object (e.g. a satellite) into an orbit around a planet.
orbit: To move around the general vicinity of something.
orbit: To move in a circle.
orbit: To center (around).
orbit: To continue to follow and/or engage with someone via social media after breaking up with them.
round: To shape something into a curve.
round: To become shaped into a curve.
round: To finish; to complete; to fill out.
round: To approximate a number, especially a decimal number by the closest whole number.
round: To turn past a boundary.
round: To turn and attack someone or something (used with on).
round: To advance to home plate.
round: To go round, pass, go past.
round: To encircle; to encompass.
round: To grow round or full; hence, to attain to fullness, completeness, or perfection.
round: To do ward rounds.
round: To go round, as a guard; to make the rounds.
round: To go or turn round; to wheel about.
round: To speak in a low tone; whisper; speak secretly; take counsel.
round: To address or speak to in a whisper, utter in a whisper.
dirty: To make (something) dirty.
dirty: To stain or tarnish (somebody) with dishonor.
dirty: To debase by distorting the real nature of (something).
dirty: To become soiled.
flame: To produce flames; to burn with a flame or blaze.
flame: To burst forth like flame; to break out in violence of passion; to be kindled with zeal or ardour.
flame: To post a destructively critical or abusive message (to somebody).
metal: To make a road using crushed rock, stones etc.
float: To be supported by a fluid of greater density (than the object).
float: To be supported by a fluid of greater density (than the object).
float: To be supported by a liquid of greater density, such that part (of the object or substance) remains above the surface.
float: To cause something to be suspended in a liquid of greater density.
float: To be capable of floating.
float: To move in a particular direction with the liquid in which one is floating.
float: To drift or wander aimlessly.
float: To drift gently through the air.
float: To move in a fluid manner.
float: To circulate.
float: To remain airborne, without touching down, for an excessive length of time during landing, due to excessive airspeed during the landing flare.
float: (of an idea or scheme) To be viable.
float: To propose (an idea) for consideration.
float: To automatically adjust a parameter as related parameters change.
float: (of currencies) To have an exchange value determined by the markets, as opposed to by central fiat.
float: To allow (the exchange value of a currency) to be determined by the markets.
float: To extend a short-term loan to.
float: To issue or sell shares in a company (or units in a trust) to members of the public, followed by listing on a stock exchange.
float: To spread plaster over (a surface), using the tool called a float.
float: To use a float (rasp-like tool) upon.
float: To transport by float (vehicular trailer).
float: To perform a float.
float: To cause (an element within a document) to float above or beside others.
skein: To wind or weave into a skein.
cover: To place something over or upon, as to conceal or protect.
cover: To be over or upon, as to conceal or protect.
cover: To be upon all of, so as to completely conceal.
cover: To set upon all of, so as to completely conceal.
cover: To put on one's hat.
cover: To invest (oneself with something); to bring upon (oneself).
cover: To discuss thoroughly; to provide coverage of.
cover: To deal with or include someone or something.
cover: To be enough money for.
cover: To act as a replacement.
cover: To have as an assignment or responsibility.
cover: To make a cover version of (a song that was originally recorded by another artist).
cover: To protect using an aimed firearm and the threat of firing; or to protect using continuous, heaving fire at or in the direction of the enemy so as to force the enemy to remain in cover; or to threaten using an aimed firearm.
cover: To provide insurance coverage for.
cover: To copulate with (said of certain male animals such as dogs and horses).
cover: To protect or control (a piece or square).
cover: To extend over a given period of time or range, to occupy, to stretch over a given area.
cover: To traverse or put behind a certain distance.
cover: To arrange plates, etc. on (a table) in preparation for a meal.
cover: To defend (mark) a particular player or area.
doubt: To be undecided about; to lack confidence in; to disbelieve, to question.
doubt: To harbour suspicion about; suspect.
doubt: To anticipate with dread or fear; to apprehend.
doubt: To fill with fear; to affright.
doubt: To dread, to fear.
zilch: To cause to score nothing, to thoroughly defeat.
short: To cause a short circuit in (something).
short: To short circuit.
short: To shortchange.
short: To provide with a smaller than agreed or labeled amount.
short: To sell something, especially securities, that one does not own at the moment for delivery at a later date in hopes of profiting from a decline in the price; to sell short.
short: To shorten.
heavy: To make heavier.
heavy: To sadden.
heavy: To use power or wealth to exert influence on, e.g., governments or corporations; to pressure.
ether: To viciously humiliate or insult.
ether: Alternative form of edder
count: To recite numbers in sequence.
count: To determine the number of (objects in a group).
count: To amount to, to number in total.
count: To be of significance; to matter.
count: To be an example of something: often followed by as and an indefinite noun.
count: To consider something as an example of something or as having some quality; to account, to regard as.
count: To reckon in, to include in consideration.
count: To take account or note (of), to care (for).
count: To recount, to tell.
count: To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count.
river: To improve one’s hand to beat another player on the final card in a poker game.
organ: To supply with an organ or organs; to fit with organs.
crown: To place a crown on the head of.
crown: To formally declare (someone) a king, queen, emperor, etc.
crown: To bestow something upon as a mark of honour, dignity, or recompense; to adorn; to dignify.
crown: To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect.
crown: To declare (someone) a winner.
crown: Of a baby, during the birthing process; for the surface of the baby's head to appear in the vaginal opening.
crown: To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges, such as the face of a machine pulley.
crown: To hit on the head.
crown: To shoot an opponent in the back of the head with a shotgun in a first-person shooter video game.
crown: In checkers, to stack two checkers to indicate that the piece has become a king.
crown: Of a forest fire or bushfire, to spread to the crowns of the trees and thence move from tree to tree independent of the surface fire.
crown: To widen the opening of the barrel.
crown: To effect a lodgment upon, as upon the crest of the glacis, or the summit of the breach.
crown: To lay the ends of the strands of (a knot) over and under each other.
crown: To be on the point of defecating.
crown: past participle of crow
valve: To control (flow) by means of a valve.
judge: To sit in judgment on; to pass sentence on (a person or matter).
judge: To sit in judgment, to act as judge.
judge: To judicially rule or determine.
judge: To sentence to punishment, to judicially condemn.
judge: To award judicially; to adjudge.
judge: To form an opinion on; to appraise.
judge: To constitute a fitting appraisal or criterion of; to provide a basis for forming an opinion on.
judge: To arbitrate; to pass opinion on something, especially to settle a dispute etc.
judge: To have as an opinion; to consider, suppose.
judge: To form an opinion; to infer.
judge: To criticize or label another person or thing; to be judgmental toward.
judge: To govern as biblical judge or shophet (over some jurisdiction).
batch: To aggregate things together into a batch.
batch: To handle a set of input data or requests as a batch process.
batch: To live as a bachelor temporarily, of a married man or someone virtually married.
wedge: To support or secure using a wedge.
wedge: To force into a narrow gap.
wedge: To pack (people or animals) together tightly into a mass.
wedge: To work wet clay by cutting or kneading for the purpose of homogenizing the mass and expelling air bubbles.
wedge: Of a computer program or system: to get stuck in an unresponsive state.
wedge: To cleave with a wedge.
wedge: To force or drive with a wedge.
wedge: To shape into a wedge.
conge: Synonym of congee: to take leave, to bid farewell, in various senses; to bow, to curtsey, etc.
stick: To cut a piece of wood to be the stick member of a cope-and-stick joint.
stick: To compose; to set, or arrange, in a composing stick.
stick: To furnish or set with sticks.
stick: To become or remain attached; to adhere.
stick: To jam; to stop moving.
stick: To tolerate, to endure, to stick with.
stick: To persist.
stick: Of snow, to remain frozen on landing.
stick: To remain loyal; to remain firm.
stick: To hesitate, to be reluctant; to refuse (in negative phrases).
stick: To be puzzled (at something), have difficulty understanding.
stick: To cause difficulties, scruples, or hesitation.
stick: To attach with glue or as if by gluing.
stick: To place, set down (quickly or carelessly).
stick: To press (something with a sharp point) into something else.
stick: To press (something with a sharp point) into something else.
stick: To stab.
stick: To fix on a pointed instrument; to impale.
stick: To adorn or deck with things fastened on as by piercing.
stick: To perform (a landing) perfectly.
stick: To propagate plants by cuttings.
stick: To run or plane (mouldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such mouldings are said to be stuck.
stick: To bring to a halt; to stymie; to puzzle.
stick: To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat.
stick: To have sexual intercourse with.
stick: To stand pat: to cease taking any more cards and finalize one's hand.
heart: To be fond of. Often bracketed or abbreviated with a heart symbol.
heart: To give heart to; to hearten; to encourage.
heart: To fill an interior with rubble, as a wall or a breakwater.
heart: To form a dense cluster of leaves, a heart, especially of lettuce or cabbage.
knife: To cut with a knife.
knife: To use a knife to injure or kill by stabbing, slashing, or otherwise using the sharp edge of the knife as a weapon.
knife: To cut through as if with a knife.
knife: To betray, especially in the context of a political slate.
knife: To positively ignore, especially in order to denigrate; compare cut.
leafs: third-person singular simple present indicative of leaf
meter: To measure with a metering device.
meter: To imprint a postage mark with a postage meter.
meter: To regulate the flow of or to deliver in regulated amounts (usually of fluids but sometimes of other things such as anticipation or breath).
smoke: To inhale and exhale the smoke from a burning cigarette, cigar, pipe, etc.
smoke: To inhale and exhale tobacco smoke.
smoke: To give off smoke.
smoke: To give off smoke.
smoke: Of a fire in a fireplace: to emit smoke outward instead of up the chimney, owing to imperfect draught.
smoke: To preserve or prepare (food) for consumption by treating with smoke.
smoke: To dry or medicate by smoke.
smoke: To fill or scent with smoke; hence, to fill with incense; to perfume.
smoke: To make unclear or blurry.
smoke: To perform (e.g. music) energetically or skillfully.
smoke: To beat someone at something.
smoke: To kill, especially with a gun.
smoke: To thrash; to beat.
smoke: To smell out; to hunt out; to find out; to detect.
smoke: To ridicule to the face; to mock.
smoke: To burn; to be kindled; to rage.
smoke: To raise a dust or smoke by rapid motion.
smoke: To suffer severely; to be punished.
smoke: To punish (a person) for a minor offense by excessive physical exercise.
smoke: To cover (a key blank) with soot or carbon to aid in seeing the marks made by impressioning.
sharp: To raise the pitch of a note half a step making a natural note a sharp.
sharp: To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper.
sharp: To sharpen.
array: To clothe and ornament; to adorn or attire.
array: To lay out in an orderly arrangement; to deploy or marshal.
array: To set in order, as a jury, for the trial of a cause; that is, to call them one at a time.
crowd: To press forward; to advance by pushing.
crowd: To press together or collect in numbers
crowd: To press or drive together, especially into a small space; to cram.
crowd: To fill by pressing or thronging together
crowd: To push, to press, to shove.
crowd: To approach another ship too closely when it has right of way.
crowd: To carry excessive sail in the hope of moving faster.
crowd: To press by solicitation; to urge; to dun; hence, to treat discourteously or unreasonably.
crowd: To play on a crowd; to fiddle.
shock: To cause to be emotionally shocked; to cause (someone) to feel surprised and upset.
shock: To give an electric shock to.
shock: To subject to a shock wave or violent impact.
shock: To meet with a shock; to collide in a violent encounter.
shock: To add a chemical to (a swimming pool) to moderate the chlorine levels.
shock: To deform the crystal structure of a stone by the application of extremely high pressure at moderate temperature, as produced only by hypervelocity impact events, lightning strikes, and nuclear explosions.
shock: To collect, or make up, into a shock or shocks; to stook.
ripen: to grow ripe; to become mature (said of grain, fruit, flowers etc.)
ripen: To approach or come to perfection.
ripen: To cause (something) to mature; to make ripe
ripen: To mature; to fit or prepare; to bring to perfection
plank: To cover something with planking.
plank: To bake (fish, etc.) on a piece of cedar lumber.
plank: To lay down, as on a plank or table; to stake or pay cash.
plank: To harden, as hat bodies, by felting.
plank: To splice together the ends of slivers of wool, for subsequent drawing.
plank: To pose for a photograph while lying rigid, face down, arms at side, in an unusual place.
demur: To linger; to stay; to tarry
demur: To delay; to pause; to suspend proceedings or judgment in view of a doubt or difficulty; to hesitate; to put off the determination or conclusion of an affair.
demur: To scruple or object; to take exception; to oppose; to balk
demur: To interpose a demurrer.
demur: To suspend judgment concerning; to doubt of or hesitate about
demur: To cause delay to; to put off
field: To intercept or catch (a ball) and play it.
field: To be the team catching and throwing the ball, as opposed to hitting it.
field: To place (a team, its players, etc.) in a game.
field: To answer; to address.
field: To defeat.
field: To execute research (in the field).
field: To deploy in the field.
perch: To rest on a perch (especially, of a bird); to roost.
perch: To sit upon the edge of something.
perch: To stay in an elevated position.
perch: To place something on (or as if on) a perch.
perch: To inspect cloth using a perch.
space: To roam, walk, wander.
space: To set some distance apart.
space: To insert or utilise spaces in a written text.
space: To eject into outer space, usually without a space suit.
space: To travel into and through outer space.
state: To declare to be a fact.
state: To make known.
scrub: To rub hard; to wash with rubbing; usually, to rub with a wet brush, or with something coarse or rough, for the purpose of cleaning or brightening
scrub: To rub anything hard, especially with a wet brush; to scour
scrub: To be diligent and penurious
scrub: To call off a scheduled event; to cancel.
scrub: To eliminate or to correct data from a set of records to bring it inline with other similar datasets
scrub: To move a recording tape back and forth with a scrubbing motion to produce a scratching sound, or to do so by a similar use of a control on an editing system.
scrub: To maneuver the play position on a media editing system by using a scroll bar or touch-based interface.
power: To provide power for (a mechanical or electronic device).
power: To hit or kick something forcefully.
power: To enable or provide the impetus for.
beard: To grow hair on the chin and jaw.
beard: To boldly and bravely oppose or confront, often to the chagrin of the one being bearded.
beard: To take by the beard; to seize, pluck, or pull the beard of (a man), in anger or contempt.
beard: To deprive (an oyster or similar shellfish) of the gills.
beard: Of bees, to accumulate together in a beard-like shape.
beard: Of a gay man or woman: to accompany a gay person of the opposite sex in order to give the impression that they are heterosexual.
stone: To pelt with stones, especially to kill by pelting with stones.
stone: To wall with stones.
stone: To remove a stone from (fruit etc.).
stone: To form a stone during growth, with reference to fruit etc.
stone: To intoxicate, especially with narcotics. (Usually in passive)
stone: To do nothing, to stare blankly into space and not pay attention when relaxing or when bored.
stone: To lap with an abrasive stone to remove surface irregularities.
sugar: To add sugar to; to sweeten with sugar.
sugar: To make (something unpleasant) seem less so.
sugar: In making maple sugar, to complete the process of boiling down the syrup till it is thick enough to crystallize; to approach or reach the state of granulation; with the preposition off.
sugar: To apply sugar to trees or plants in order to catch moths.
sugar: To rewrite (source code) using syntactic sugar.
sugar: To compliment (a person).
sugar: To remove hair using a paste of sugar, water, and lemon juice.
drill: To create (a hole) by removing material with a drill (tool).
drill: To practice, especially in (or as in) a military context.
drill: To cause to drill (practice); to train in military arts.
drill: To repeat an idea frequently in order to encourage someone to remember it.
drill: To investigate or examine something in more detail or at a different level
drill: To hit or kick with a lot of power.
drill: To hit someone with a pitch, especially in an intentional context.
drill: To have sexual intercourse with; to penetrate.
drill: To shoot; to kill.
drill: To sow (seeds) by dribbling them along a furrow or in a row.
drill: To cause to flow in drills or rills or by trickling; to drain by trickling.
drill: To protract, lengthen out; fritter away, spend (time) aimlessly.
drill: To entice or allure; to decoy; with on.
drill: To cause to slip or waste away by degrees.
flash: To cause to shine briefly or intermittently.
flash: To blink; to shine or illuminate intermittently.
flash: To be visible briefly.
flash: To make visible briefly.
flash: To expose one's intimate body part or undergarment, often momentarily and unintentionally. (Contrast streak.)
flash: To break forth like a sudden flood of light; to show a momentary brilliance.
flash: To flaunt; to display in a showy manner.
flash: To communicate quickly.
flash: To move, or cause to move, suddenly.
flash: To telephone a person, only allowing the phone to ring once, in order to request a call back.
flash: To evaporate suddenly. (See flash evaporation.)
flash: To climb (a route) successfully on the first attempt.
flash: To write to the memory of (an updatable component such as a BIOS chip or games cartridge).
flash: To cover with a thin layer, as objects of glass with glass of a different colour.
flash: To expand (blown glass) into a disc.
flash: To send by some startling or sudden means.
flash: To burst out into violence.
flash: To perform a flash.
flash: To release the pressure from a pressurized vessel.
flash: To trick up in a showy manner.
flash: To strike and throw up large bodies of water from the surface; to splash.
house: To keep within a structure or container.
house: To admit to residence; to harbor.
house: To take shelter or lodging; to abide; to lodge.
house: To dwell within one of the twelve astrological houses.
house: To contain or cover mechanical parts.
house: To contain one part of an object for the purpose of locating the whole.
house: To drive to a shelter.
house: To deposit and cover, as in the grave.
house: To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe.
house: To eat; especially, to scarf down.
price: To determine the monetary value of (an item); to put a price on.
price: To pay the price of; to make reparation for.
price: To set a price on; to value; to prize.
price: To ask the price of.
quote: To repeat (the exact words of a person).
quote: To prepare a summary of work to be done and set a price.
quote: To name the current price, notably of a financial security.
quote: To indicate verbally or by equivalent means the start of a quotation.
quote: To observe, to take account of.
still: To calm down, to quiet.
still: To trickle, drip.
still: To cause to fall by drops.
still: To expel spirit from by heat, or to evaporate and condense in a refrigeratory; to distill.
floor: To cover or furnish with a floor.
floor: To strike down or lay level with the floor; to knock down.
floor: To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the base of a wall, where it cannot easily be seen.
floor: To push (a pedal) down to the floor, especially to accelerate.
floor: To silence by a conclusive answer or retort.
floor: To amaze or greatly surprise.
floor: To finish or make an end of.
floor: To set a lower bound.
nadir: To extend (a beehive) by adding an empty box at the base.
party: To celebrate at a party, to have fun, to enjoy oneself.
party: To take recreational drugs.
party: To engage in flings, to have one-night stands, to sow one's wild oats.
party: To form a party (with).
adult: To behave like an adult.
adult: To (cause to) be or become an adult.
mason: To build stonework or brickwork about, under, in, over, etc.; to construct by masons
upend: To end up; to set on end.
upend: To tip or turn over.
upend: To destroy, invalidate, overthrow, or defeat.
upend: To affect or upset drastically.
peach: To inform on someone; turn informer.
peach: To inform against.
start: To begin, commence, initiate.
start: To set in motion.
start: To begin, commence, initiate.
start: To begin.
start: To begin, commence, initiate.
start: To ready the operation of a vehicle or machine.
start: To begin, commence, initiate.
start: To put or raise (a question, an objection); to put forward (a subject for discussion).
start: To begin, commence, initiate.
start: To bring onto being or into view; to originate; to invent.
start: To begin an activity.
start: To have its origin (at), begin.
start: To startle or be startled; to move or be moved suddenly.
start: To jerk suddenly in surprise.
start: To startle or be startled; to move or be moved suddenly.
start: To awaken suddenly.
start: To startle or be startled; to move or be moved suddenly.
start: To disturb and cause to move suddenly; to startle; to alarm; to rouse; to cause to flee or fly.
start: To startle or be startled; to move or be moved suddenly.
start: To flinch or draw back.
start: To startle or be startled; to move or be moved suddenly.
start: To move suddenly from its place or position; to displace or loosen; to dislocate.
start: To break away, to come loose.
start: To put into play.
start: To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from.
start: To start one's periods (menstruation).
quiet: To cause (someone or something) to become quiet.
quiet: To become quiet or calm.
cycle: To ride a bicycle or other cycle.
cycle: To go through a cycle or to put through a cycle.
cycle: To turn power off and back on
cycle: To maintain a team's possession of the puck in the offensive zone by handling and passing the puck in a loop from the boards near the goal up the side boards and passing to back to the boards near the goal
hanch: To snap at something with the jaws.
hance: To raise, to elevate.
bribe: To give a bribe to; specifically, to ask a person to do something against his/her original will, in exchange for some type of reward or relief from potential trouble.
bribe: To gain by a bribe; to induce as by a bribe.
happy: Often followed by up: to become happy; to brighten up, to cheer up.
happy: Often followed by up: to make happy; to brighten, to cheer, to enliven.
alert: To give warning to.
churn: To agitate rapidly and repetitively, or to stir with a rowing or rocking motion; generally applies to liquids, notably cream.
churn: To produce excessive and sometimes undesirable or unproductive activity or motion.
churn: To move rapidly and repetitively with a rocking motion; to tumble, mix or shake.
churn: To stop using a company's product or service.
churn: To repeatedly cancel and rebook a reservation in order to refresh ticket time limits or other fare rule restrictions.
churn: To continually sign up for new credit cards in order to earn signup bonuses, airline miles, and other benefits.
churn: To carry out wash sales in order to make the market appear more active than it really is.
group: To put together to form a group.
group: To come together to form a group.
image: To represent by an image or symbol; to portray.
image: To reflect, mirror.
image: To create an image of.
image: To create a complete backup copy of a file system or other entity.
rifle: To quickly search through many items (such as papers, the contents of a drawer, a pile of clothing). (See also riffle)
rifle: To commit robbery or theft.
rifle: To search with intent to steal; to ransack, pillage or plunder.
rifle: To strip of goods; to rob; to pillage.
rifle: To seize and bear away by force; to snatch away; to carry off.
rifle: To add a spiral groove to a gun bore to make a fired bullet spin in flight in order to improve range and accuracy.
rifle: To cause (a projectile, as a rifle bullet) to travel in a flat ballistic trajectory.
rifle: To move in a flat ballistic trajectory (as a rifle bullet).
rifle: To dispose of in a raffle.
rifle: To engage in a raffle.
paper: To apply paper to.
paper: To document; to memorialize.
paper: To fill (a theatre or other paid event) with complimentary seats.
paper: To submit official papers to (a law court, etc.).
paper: To give public notice (typically by displaying posters) that a person is wanted by the police or other authority.
paper: To sandpaper.
paper: To enfold in paper.
paper: To paste the endpapers and flyleaves at the beginning and end of a book before fitting it into its covers.
queer: To render an endeavor or agreement ineffective or null.
queer: To puzzle.
queer: To ridicule; to banter; to rally.
queer: To spoil the effect or success of, as by ridicule; to throw a wet blanket on; to spoil.
queer: To reevaluate or reinterpret (a work) with an eye to sexual orientation and/or to gender, as by applying queer theory.
queer: To make a work more appealing or attractive to LGBT people, such as by not having strict genders for playable characters.
tired: simple past and past participle of tire
covey: To gather into a group.
hence: To utter "hence!" to; to send away.
hence: To depart; to go away.
quest: To seek or pursue a goal; to undertake a mission or job.
quest: To search for something; to seek.
quest: To locate and attach to a host animal.
flock: To congregate in or head towards a place in large numbers.
flock: To flock to; to crowd.
flock: To treat a pool with chemicals to remove suspended particles.
flock: To coat a surface with dense fibers or particles; especially, to create a dense arrangement of fibers with a desired nap.
flock: To cover a Christmas tree with artificial snow.
sense: To use biological senses: to either see, hear, smell, taste, or feel.
sense: To instinctively be aware.
sense: To comprehend.
pitch: To cover or smear with pitch.
pitch: To darken; to blacken; to obscure.
pitch: To throw.
pitch: To throw (the ball) toward a batter at home plate.
pitch: To play baseball in the position of pitcher.
pitch: To throw away; discard.
pitch: To promote, advertise, or attempt to sell.
pitch: To deliver in a certain tone or style, or with a certain audience in mind.
pitch: To assemble or erect (a tent).
pitch: To fix or place a tent or temporary habitation; to encamp.
pitch: To move so that the front of an aircraft or boat goes alternatively up and down.
pitch: To play a short, high, lofty shot that lands with backspin.
pitch: To bounce on the playing surface.
pitch: To settle and build up, without melting.
pitch: To alight; to settle; to come to rest from flight.
pitch: To fix one's choice.
pitch: To plunge or fall; especially, to fall forward; to decline or slope.
pitch: To set, face, or pave (an embankment or roadway) with rubble or undressed stones.
pitch: To set or fix (a price or value).
pitch: To discard (a card) for some gain.
pitch: To attack, or position or assemble for attack.
pitch: To produce a note of a given pitch.
pitch: To fix or set the tone of.
magic: To produce, transform (something), (as if) by magic.
seize: To deliberately take hold of; to grab or capture.
seize: To take advantage of (an opportunity or circumstance).
seize: To take possession of (by force, law etc.).
seize: To have a sudden and powerful effect upon.
seize: Alternative spelling of seise (“to vest ownership of an estate in land”).
seize: To bind, lash or make fast, with several turns of small rope, cord, or small line.
seize: To fasten, fix.
seize: To lay hold in seizure, by hands or claws (+ on or upon).
seize: To have a seizure.
seize: To bind or lock in position immovably; see also seize up.
seize: To submit for consideration to a deliberative body.
seize: (with of) To cause (an action or matter) to be or remain before (a certain judge or court).
seize: Of chocolate: to change suddenly from a fluid to an undesirably hard and gritty texture.
dummy: To make a mock-up or prototype version of something, without some or all off its intended functionality.
dummy: To feint.
dunch: To knock against; to hit, punch
dunch: To crash into; to bump into.
dunch: To gore with the horns, as a bull.
dunch: To jog, especially with the elbow.
stars: third-person singular simple present indicative of star
annex: To add something to another thing, especially territory; to incorporate.
annex: To attach or connect, as a consequence, condition, etc.
annex: To join; to be united.
order: To set in some sort of order.
order: To arrange, set in proper order.
order: To issue a command to.
order: To request some product or service; to secure by placing an order.
order: To admit to holy orders; to ordain; to receive into the ranks of the ministry.
graph: To draw a graph.
graph: To draw a graph of a function.
steen: Alternative form of stean
daily: To drive an automobile frequently, on a daily basis, for regular and mundane tasks.
appel: Obsolete spelling of appeal
prune: To become wrinkled like a dried plum, as the fingers and toes do when kept submerged in water.
prune: To remove excess material from a tree or shrub; to trim, especially to make more healthy or productive.
prune: To cut down or shorten (by the removal of unnecessary material).
prune: To remove (something unnecessary) for the sake of cutting down or shortening that which it was previously part of.
prune: To remove unnecessary branches from a tree data structure.
prune: To preen; to prepare; to dress.
metre: Alternative spelling of meter
metre: To put into metrical form.
delta: To calculate the differences between the characters in an enciphered text and the characters a fixed number of positions previous.
delta: To compare two versions of the same file in order to determine where they differ (where a programmer has made edits).
class: To assign to a class; to classify.
class: To be grouped or classed.
class: To divide into classes, as students; to form into, or place in, a class or classes.
kayak: To use a kayak, to travel or race in a kayak.
kayak: To traverse (a body of water) by kayak.
canoe: To ride or paddle a canoe.
links: third-person singular simple present indicative of link
jaunt: To ramble here and there; to stroll; to make an excursion.
jaunt: To ride on a jaunting car.
jaunt: To jolt; to jounce.
jaunt: To tire a horse by riding it hard or back and forth.
hallo: To shout, or to call with a loud voice.
hallo: To chase while shouting "hallo!"
hallo: To cry "hallo" (to someone).
hallo: To shout (something).
segue: To move smoothly from one state or subject to another.
segue: To make a smooth transition from one theme to another.
segue: To play a sequence of records with no talk between them.
brook: To bear; endure; support; put up with; tolerate.
brook: To enjoy the use of; make use of; profit by; to use, enjoy, possess, or hold.
brook: To earn; deserve.
could: simple past of can
could: conditional of can
could: Used as a past subjunctive (contrary to fact).
could: conditional of can
could: Used to politely ask for permission to do something.
could: conditional of can
could: Used to politely ask for someone else to do something.
could: conditional of can
could: Used to show the possibility that something might happen.
could: conditional of can
could: Used to suggest something.
could: past participle of can
shall: Used before a verb to indicate the simple future tense in the first person singular or plural.
shall: Used similarly to indicate determination or obligation in the second and third persons singular or plural.
shall: Used in questions with the first person singular or plural to suggest a possible future action.
shall: To owe.
labor: US standard spelling of labour.
quash: To defeat decisively, to suppress.
quash: To crush or dash to pieces.
quash: To void or suppress (a subpoena, decision, etc.).
thank: To express gratitude or appreciation toward.
thank: To feel gratitude or appreciation toward.
thank: To credit or hold responsible.
alter: To change the form or structure of.
alter: To become different.
alter: To tailor clothes to make them fit.
alter: To castrate, neuter or spay (a dog or other animal).
alter: To affect mentally, as by psychotropic drugs or illness.
clash: To make a clashing sound.
clash: To cause to make a clashing sound.
clash: To come into violent conflict.
clash: To argue angrily.
clash: To face each other in an important game.
clash: To fail to look good together; to contrast unattractively; to fail to harmonize.
clash: To coincide, to happen at the same time, thereby rendering it impossible to attend all.
clash: To chatter or gossip.
gnash: To grind (one's teeth) in pain or in anger.
gnash: To grind between the teeth.
gnash: To clash together violently.
gnash: To run away.
grove: To cultivate in groves; to grow naturally so as to form groves.
grove: To cultivate with periodic harvesting that also serves to create order (gaps and lines of trees) to facilitate further harvesting.
grove: To plough or gouge with lines.
bless: To make something holy by religious rite, sanctify.
bless: To make the sign of the cross upon, so as to sanctify.
bless: To invoke divine favor upon.
bless: To honor as holy, glorify; to extol for excellence.
bless: To esteem or account happy; to felicitate.
bless: To wave; to brandish.
bless: To turn (a reference) into an object.
bless: To secure, defend, or prevent from.
bless: To give or send.
steam: To cook with steam.
steam: To expose to the action of steam; to apply steam to for softening, dressing, or preparing.
steam: To raise steam, e.g. in a steam locomotive.
steam: To produce or vent steam.
steam: To rise in vapour; to issue, or pass off, as vapour.
steam: To become angry; to fume; to be incensed.
steam: To make angry.
steam: To cover with condensed water vapor.
steam: To travel by means of steam power.
steam: To move with great or excessive purposefulness.
steam: To exhale.
creed: To believe; to credit.
creed: To provide with a creed.
micro: to micromanage
brash: To disturb.
might: simple past of may
might: simple past of may
might: Used to indicate a desired past action that was not done.
might: Used to indicate conditional or possible actions.
might: Used to admit something before making a more accurate or important statement.
might: Used in polite requests for permission.
might: Used to express certainty.
louse: To remove lice from; to delouse.
armor: To equip something with armor or a protective coating or hardening.
armor: To provide something with an analogous form of protection.
crook: To bend, or form into a hook.
crook: To become bent or hooked.
crook: To turn from the path of rectitude; to pervert; to misapply; to twist.
halal: To make halal.
error: To function improperly due to an error, especially accompanied by error message.
error: To show or contain an error or fault.
error: To err.
vague: to wander; to roam; to stray.
vague: To become vague or act in a vague manner.
vague: To make vague negative comments publicly; to make highly veiled complaints or insults.
weird: To destine; doom; change by witchcraft or sorcery.
weird: To warn solemnly; adjure.
spade: To turn over soil with a spade to loosen the ground for planting.
screw: To connect or assemble pieces using a screw.
screw: To have sexual intercourse with.
screw: To cheat someone or ruin their chances in a game or other situation.
screw: To extort or practice extortion upon; to oppress by unreasonable or extortionate exactions; to put the screws on.
screw: To contort.
screw: To miskick (a ball) by hitting it with the wrong part of the foot.
screw: To screw back.
screw: To examine (a student) rigidly; to subject to a severe examination.
screw: To leave; to go away; to scram.
screw: Used to express great displeasure with, or contemptuous dismissal of, someone or something.
slash: To cut or attempt to cut
slash: To cut with a swift broad stroke of an edged weapon.
slash: To cut or attempt to cut
slash: To produce a similar wound with a savage strike of a whip.
slash: To cut or attempt to cut
slash: To strike swiftly and laterally with a hockey stick, usually across another player's arms or legs.
slash: To cut or attempt to cut
slash: To reduce sharply.
slash: To cut or attempt to cut
slash: To create slashes in a garment.
slash: To cut or attempt to cut
slash: To criticize cuttingly.
slash: To strike violently and randomly
slash: To strike violently and randomly
slash: To swing wildly at the ball.
slash: To move quickly and violently.
slash: To crack a whip with a slashing motion.
slash: To clear land, (particularly forestry) with violent action such as logging or brushfires or (agriculture, uncommon) through grazing.
slash: To write slash fiction.
slash: To piss, to urinate.
slash: To work in wet conditions.
sweat: To emit sweat.
sweat: To cause to excrete moisture through skin.
sweat: To cause to excrete moisture through skin.
sweat: To cause to perspire.
sweat: To work hard.
sweat: To work hard.
sweat: To be extremely dedicated to winning a game; to play competitively.
sweat: To extract money, labour, etc. from, by exaction or oppression.
sweat: To worry.
sweat: To worry about (something).
sweat: To emit, in the manner of sweat.
sweat: To emit moisture.
sweat: To have drops of water form on (something's surface) due to moisture condensation.
sweat: To solder (a pipe joint) together.
sweat: To stress out, to put under pressure.
sweat: To cook slowly at low heat, in shallow oil and without browning, to reduce moisture content.
sweat: To remove a portion of (a coin), as by shaking it with others in a bag, so that the friction wears off a small quantity of the metal.
sweat: To suffer a penalty; to smart for one's misdeeds.
sweat: To take a racehorse for a short exercise run.
arrow: To move swiftly and directly (like an arrow).
arrow: To let fly swiftly and directly.
arrow: To develop an inflorescence.
arrow: To navigate using the arrow keys.
trash: To discard.
trash: To make into a mess.
trash: To beat soundly in a game.
trash: To treat as trash, or worthless matter; hence, to spurn, humiliate, or disrespect.
trash: To free from trash, or worthless matter; hence, to lop; to crop.
trash: To hold back by a trash or leash, as a dog in pursuing game; hence, to retard, encumber, or restrain; to clog; to hinder vexatiously.
phone: To call (someone) using a telephone.
quick: To amalgamate surfaces prior to gilding or silvering by dipping them into a solution of mercury in nitric acid.
quick: To quicken.
pilot: To control (an aircraft or watercraft).
pilot: To guide (a vessel) through coastal waters.
pilot: To test or have a preliminary trial of (an idea, a new product, etc.)
pilot: To serve as the leading locomotive on a double-headed train.
apron: To cover with, or as if with, an apron.
truth: To assert as true; to declare; to speak truthfully.
truth: To make exact; to correct for inaccuracy.
truth: To tell the truth.
lunch: To eat lunch.
lunch: To treat to lunch.
staff: To supply (a business, volunteer organization, etc.) with employees or staff members.
bagel: To achieve a score of 6–0 in a tennis set.
bagel: To hold an opponent to a score of zero.
crash: To collide with something destructively, fall or come down violently.
crash: To cause something to collide with something else, especially when this results in damage.
crash: To hit or strike with force
crash: To make a sudden loud noise.
crash: Short for gatecrash.
crash: To accelerate a project or a task or its schedule by devoting more resources to it.
crash: To make or experience informal temporary living arrangements, especially overnight.
crash: To give, as a favor.
crash: To lie down for a long rest, sleep or nap, as from tiredness or exhaustion.
crash: To experience a period of depression and/or lethargy after a period of euphoria, as after the euphoric effect of a psychotropic drug has dissipated.
crash: To terminate or halt execution due to an exception.
crash: To cause an exception that terminates or halts execution.
crash: To take a sudden and severe turn for the worse; to rapidly and catastrophically deteriorate.
plane: To smooth (wood) with a plane.
plane: To move in a way that lifts the bow out of the water.
plane: To glide or soar.
curse: To place a curse upon (a person or object).
curse: To call upon divine or supernatural power to send injury upon; to imprecate evil upon; to execrate.
curse: To speak or shout a vulgar curse or epithet.
curse: To use offensive or morally inappropriate language.
curse: To bring great evil upon; to be the cause of serious harm or unhappiness to; to furnish with that which will be a cause of deep trouble; to afflict or injure grievously; to harass or torment.
swede: To produce a low-budget remake of a film without the use of professional actors or filming techniques.
trout: To fish for trout.
trout: To (figuratively) slap someone with a slimy, stinky, wet trout; to admonish jocularly.
lever: To move with a lever.
lever: To use, operate or move (something) like a lever (physically).
lever: To use (something) like a lever (in an abstract sense).
lever: To increase the share of debt in the capitalization of a business.
bitch: To behave or act as a bitch.
bitch: To criticize spitefully, often for the sake of complaining rather than in order to have the problem corrected.
bitch: To spoil, to ruin.
noise: To make a noise; to sound.
noise: To spread news of; to spread as rumor or gossip.
punch: To strike with one's fist.
punch: To herd.
punch: To operate (a device or system) by depressing a button, key, bar, or pedal, or by similar means.
punch: To enter (information) on a device or system.
punch: To hit (a ball or similar object) with less than full force.
punch: To make holes in something (rail ticket, leather belt, etc) (see also the verb under Etymology 2)
punch: To thrust against; to poke.
punch: Ellipsis of punch above one's weight; especially, to date somebody more attractive than oneself.
punch: In winemaking, to perform pigeage: to stamp down grape skins that float to the surface during fermentation.
punch: To emphasize, to give emphasis to something.
punch: To employ a punch to create a hole in or stamp or emboss a mark on something.
punch: To mark a ticket.
acute: To give an acute sound to.
acute: To make acute; to sharpen, to whet.
berry: To pick berries.
berry: To bear or produce berries.
berry: To beat; give a beating to; thrash.
berry: To thresh (grain).
union: To combine sets using the union operation.
achoo: To sneeze loudly; to make an "achoo" sound.
berth: to bring (a ship or vehicle) into its berth/berthing
berth: to bring (a ship or vehicle) into its berth/berthing
berth: To use a device to bring a spaceship into its berth/dock
berth: to assign a berth (bunk or position) to
flood: To overflow, as by water from excessive rainfall.
flood: To cover or partly fill as if by a flood.
flood: To provide (someone or something) with a larger number or quantity of something than can easily be dealt with.
flood: To paste numerous lines of text to (a chat system) in order to disrupt the conversation.
flood: To bleed profusely, as after childbirth.
share: To give part of what one has to somebody else to use or consume.
share: To have or use in common.
share: To divide and distribute.
share: To tell to another.
share: To allow public or private sharing of computer data or space in a network
share: To cut; to shear; to cleave; to divide.
beach: To run aground on a beach.
beach: To run (something) aground on a beach.
beach: To run into an obstacle or rough or soft ground, so that the floor of the vehicle rests on the ground and the wheels cannot gain traction.
lathe: To invite; bid; ask.
lathe: To shape with a lathe.
lathe: To produce a three-dimensional model by rotating a set of points around a fixed axis.
promo: To promote; to publicize.
clubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of club
quirk: To (cause to) move with a wry jerk.
quirk: To furnish with a quirk or channel.
quirk: To use verbal tricks or quibbles.
quirk: Alternative form of querk
brood: To keep an egg warm to make it hatch.
brood: To protect (something that is gradually maturing); to foster.
brood: (typically with about or over) To dwell upon moodily and at length, mainly alone.
brood: To be bred.
hound: To persistently harass.
hound: To urge on against; to set (dogs) upon in hunting.
slave: To work as a slaver, to enslave people.
slave: To work hard.
slave: To place a device under the control of another.
fatwa: To make somebody the subject of a fatwa, especially a ban or death sentence.
banjo: To play a banjo.
banjo: To beat, to knock down.
banjo: To shell or attack (a target).
bight: To arrange or fasten (a rope) in bights.
glass: To fit with glass; to glaze.
glass: To enclose in glass.
glass: Clipping of fibreglass. To fit, cover, fill, or build, with fibreglass-reinforced resin composite (fiberglass).
glass: To strike (someone), particularly in the face, with a drinking glass with the intent of causing injury.
glass: To bombard an area with such intensity (nuclear bomb, fusion bomb, etc) as to melt the landscape into glass.
glass: To view through an optical instrument such as binoculars.
glass: To smooth or polish (leather, etc.), by rubbing it with a glass burnisher.
glass: To reflect; to mirror.
glass: To make glassy.
glass: To become glassy.
hinny: To whinny
spool: To wind on a spool or spools.
spool: To send files to a device or a program (a spooler or a daemon that puts them in a queue for processing at a later time).
feast: To partake in a feast, or large meal.
feast: To dwell upon (something) with delight.
feast: To hold a feast in honor of (someone).
feast: To serve as a feast for; to feed sumptuously.
won't: will not (negative auxiliary); used to indicate a future non-occurring action.
knock: To rap one's knuckles against something, especially wood.
knock: To strike for admittance; to rap upon, as a door.
knock: To criticize verbally; to denigrate; to undervalue.
knock: To kick a ball towards another player; to pass.
knock: To impress forcibly or strongly; to astonish; to move to admiration or applause.
knock: To bump or impact.
knock: To have sex with.
knock: To prosecute under the law; to arrest, imprison, etc.
erase: to remove markings or information
erase: To obliterate information from (a storage medium), such as to clear or (with magnetic storage) to demagnetize.
erase: To obliterate (information) from a storage medium, such as to clear or to overwrite.
erase: To remove a runner from the bases via a double play or pick off play
erase: To be erased (have markings removed, have information removed, or be cleared of information).
erase: To disregard (a group, an orientation, etc.); to prevent from having an active role in society.
erase: To kill; assassinate.
isn't: Contraction of is not. (negative auxiliary)
trial: To carry out a series of tests on (a new product, procedure etc.) before marketing or implementing it.
trial: To try out (a new player) in a sports team.
jenny: To wind finished lace onto cards ready for sale.
grain: To feed grain to.
grain: To make granular; to form into grains.
grain: To form grains, or to assume a granular form, as the result of crystallization; to granulate.
grain: To texture a surface in imitation of the grain of a substance such as wood.
grain: To remove the hair or fat from a skin.
grain: To soften leather.
grain: To yield fruit.
score: To cut a notch or a groove in a surface.
score: To record the tally of points for a game, a match, or an examination.
score: To obtain something desired.
score: To earn points in a game.
score: To obtain something desired.
score: To achieve (a score) in e.g. a test.
score: To obtain something desired.
score: To win money by gambling.
score: To obtain something desired.
score: To acquire or gain.
score: To obtain something desired.
score: To extract a bribe.
score: To obtain something desired.
score: To obtain a sexual favor.
score: To provide (a film, etc.) with a musical score.
gauze: To apply a dressing of gauze
gauze: To mist; to become gauze-like.
scent: To detect the scent of; to discern by the sense of smell.
scent: To inhale in order to detect the scent of (something).
scent: To have a suspicion of; to detect the possibility of (something).
scent: To impart an odour to, to cause to have a particular smell.
scent: To have a smell; (figuratively) to give an impression (of something).
scent: To hunt animals by means of the sense of smell.
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To place across or athwart; to cause to intersect.
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To lay or draw something across, such as a line.
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To mark with an X.
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To write lines of text at right angles to and over the top of one another in order to save paper.ᵂ
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To make the sign of the cross over oneself.
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To make the sign of the cross over (something or someone).
cross: To make or form a cross.
cross: To mark a cross against the name of (a student) in the buttery or kitchen, so that they cannot get food there.
cross: To move relatively.
cross: To go from one side of (something) to the other.
cross: To move relatively.
cross: To travel in a direction or path that will intersect with that of another.
cross: To move relatively.
cross: To pass, as objects going in an opposite direction at the same time.
cross: To move relatively.
cross: Relative movement by a player or of players.
cross: Of both batsmen, to pass each other when running between the wickets in order to score runs.
cross: To move relatively.
cross: Relative movement by a player or of players.
cross: To pass the ball from one side of the pitch to the other side.
cross: To move relatively.
cross: Relative movement by a player or of players.
cross: To score a try.
cross: To oppose.
cross: To contradict (another) or frustrate the plans of.
cross: To oppose.
cross: To interfere and cut off ; to debar.
cross: To oppose.
cross: To conduct a cross examination; to question a hostile witness.
cross: To cross-fertilize or crossbreed.
cross: To stamp or mark (a cheque) in such a way as to prevent it being cashed, thus requiring it to be deposited into a bank account.
event: To occur, take place.
event: To be emitted or breathed out; to evaporate.
event: To expose to the air, ventilate.
drone: To kill with a missile fired by unmanned aircraft.
drone: To produce a low-pitched hum or buzz.
drone: To speak in a monotone.
can't: Cannot (negative auxiliary); is unable to; does not have the ability to.
can't: Is forbidden to; is not permitted to.
can't: Often followed by be: is logically impossible.
frown: To have a frown on one's face.
frown: To manifest displeasure or disapprobation; to look with disfavour or threateningly.
frown: To repress or repel by expressing displeasure or disapproval; to rebuke with a look.
frown: To communicate by frowning.
haunt: To inhabit or to visit frequently (most often used in reference to ghosts).
haunt: To make uneasy, restless.
haunt: To stalk; to follow.
haunt: To live habitually; to stay, to remain.
haunt: To accustom; habituate; make accustomed to.
haunt: To practise; to devote oneself to.
haunt: To persist in staying or visiting.
grasp: To grip; to take hold, particularly with the hand.
grasp: To understand.
grasp: To take advantage of something, to seize, to jump at a chance.
don't: do not (negative auxiliary)
don't: does not
don't: Used before an emphatic negative subject.
purge: To clean thoroughly; to cleanse; to rid of impurities.
purge: To free from sin, guilt, or the burden or responsibility of misdeeds.
purge: To remove by cleansing; to wash away.
purge: To void or evacuate (the bowels or the stomach); to defecate or vomit.
purge: To cause someone to purge, operate on (somebody) as or with a cathartic or emetic, or in a similar manner.
purge: To forcibly remove, e.g., from political activity.
purge: To forcibly remove people from.
purge: To clear of a charge, suspicion, or imputation.
purge: To clarify; to clear the dregs from (liquor).
purge: To become pure, as by clarification.
purge: To have or produce frequent evacuations from the intestines, as by means of a cathartic.
purge: To trim, dress, or prune.
wheel: To roll along on wheels.
wheel: To transport something or someone using any wheeled mechanism, such as a wheelchair.
wheel: To ride a bicycle or tricycle.
wheel: To change direction quickly, turn, pivot, whirl, wheel around.
wheel: To cause to change direction quickly, turn.
wheel: To travel around in large circles, particularly in the air.
wheel: To put into a rotatory motion; to cause to turn or revolve; to make or perform in a circle.
wheel: To reload a track; to play a wheel-up.
amaze: To fill (someone) with surprise and wonder; to astonish, to astound, to surprise.
amaze: To stun or stupefy (someone).
amaze: To bewilder or perplex (someone or oneself).
amaze: To fill (someone) with panic; to panic, to terrify.
amaze: To experience amazement; to be astounded.
prawn: To fish for prawns.
stalk: To approach slowly and quietly in order not to be discovered when getting closer.
stalk: To (try to) follow or contact someone constantly, often resulting in harassment.ᵂᵖ
stalk: To walk slowly and cautiously; to walk in a stealthy, noiseless manner.
stalk: To walk behind something, such as a screen, for the purpose of approaching game; to proceed under cover.
stalk: To walk haughtily.
seine: To use a seine, to fish with a seine.
mourn: To express sadness or sorrow for; to grieve over (especially a death).
mourn: To utter in a sorrowful manner.
mourn: To wear mourning.
guess: To reach a partly (or totally) unqualified conclusion.
guess: To solve by a correct conjecture; to conjecture rightly.
guess: to suppose (introducing a proposition of uncertain plausibility).
guess: To think, conclude, or decide (without a connotation of uncertainty). Usually in first person: "I guess".
guess: To hit upon or reproduce by memory.
guest: To appear as a guest, especially on a broadcast.
guest: As a musician: to play as a guest, providing an instrument that a band/orchestra does not normally have in its line up (for instance, percussion in a string band).
guest: To receive or entertain hospitably.
smite: To hit; to strike.
smite: To strike down or kill with godly force.
smite: To injure with divine power.
smite: To kill violently; to slay.
smite: To put to rout in battle; to overthrow by war.
smite: To afflict; to chasten; to punish.
smite: To strike with love or infatuation.
noose: To tie or catch in a noose; to entrap or ensnare.
pause: To take a temporary rest, take a break for a short period after an effort.
pause: To interrupt an activity and wait.
pause: To hesitate; to hold back; to delay.
pause: To halt the play or playback of, temporarily, so that it can be resumed from the same point.
pause: To consider; to reflect.
steel: To edge, cover, or point with steel.
steel: To harden or strengthen; to nerve or make obdurate; to fortify against.
steel: To back with steel.
steel: To treat a liquid with steel for medicinal purposes.
steel: To press with a flat iron.
steel: To cause to resemble steel in appearance.
steel: To steelify; to turn iron into steel.
steel: To electroplate an item, particularly an engraving plate, with a layer of iron.
steel: To sharpen with a honing steel.
dated: simple past and past participle of date
brine: To preserve food in a salt solution.
brine: To prepare and flavor food (especially meat) for cooking by soaking in a salt solution.
chore: To do chores.
chore: To steal.
witch: To dowse for water.
witch: To practise witchcraft.
witch: To bewitch.
major: Used in a phrasal verb: major in.
carry: To lift (something) and take it to another place; to transport (something) by lifting.
carry: To notionally transfer from one place (such as a country, book, or column) to another.
carry: To convey by extension or continuance; to extend.
carry: To move; to convey using force
carry: To lead or guide.
carry: To stock or supply (something); to have in store.
carry: To adopt (something); take (something) over.
carry: To adopt or resolve on, especially in a deliberative assembly
carry: In an addition, to transfer the quantity in excess of what is countable in the units in a column to the column immediately to the left in order to be added there.
carry: To have, hold, possess or maintain (something).
carry: To be transmitted; to travel.
carry: To insult, to diss.
carry: To capture a ship by coming alongside and boarding.
carry: To transport (the ball) whilst maintaining possession.
carry: To have on one's person.
carry: To be pregnant (with).
carry: To have propulsive power; to propel.
carry: To hold the head; said of a horse.
carry: To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running, as a hare.
carry: To bear or uphold successfully through conflict, for example a leader or principle
carry: to succeed in (e.g. a contest); to succeed in; to win.
carry: To get possession of by force; to capture.
carry: To contain; to comprise; have a particular aspect; to show or exhibit
carry: To bear (oneself); to behave or conduct.
carry: To bear the charges or burden of holding or having, as stocks, merchandise, etc., from one time to another.
carry: To have a weapon on one's person; to be armed.
carry: To be disproportionately responsible for a team's success.
carry: to physically transport (in the general sense, not necessarily by lifting)
carry: To bear a firearm, such as a gun.
minor: Used in a phrasal verb: minor in.
exile: To send (someone or something) into exile.
watch: To look at, see, or view for a period of time.
watch: To observe over a period of time; to notice or pay attention.
watch: To mind, attend, or guard.
watch: To be wary or cautious of.
watch: To attend to dangers to or regarding.
watch: To remain awake with a sick or dying person; to maintain a vigil.
watch: To be vigilant or on one's guard.
watch: To act as a lookout.
watch: To serve the purpose of a watchman by floating properly in its place.
watch: To be awake.
watch: To be on the lookout for; to wait for expectantly.
offer: To propose or express one's willingness (to do something).
offer: To present in words; to proffer; to make a proposal of; to suggest.
offer: To place at someone’s disposal; to present (something) to be either accepted or turned down.
offer: To present (something) to God or gods as a gesture of worship, or for a sacrifice.
offer: To place (something) in a position where it can be added to an existing mechanical assembly.
offer: To bid, as a price, reward, or wages.
offer: To happen, to present itself.
offer: To make an attempt; typically used with at.
offer: To put in opposition to; to manifest in an offensive or defensive way; to threaten.
saber: Alternative form of sabre
glean: To collect what is left behind (grain, grapes, etc.) after the main harvest or gathering.
glean: To gather what is left in (a field or vineyard).
glean: To gather information in small amounts, with implied difficulty, bit by bit.
glean: To frugally accumulate resources from low-yield contexts.
grate: To furnish with grates; to protect with a grating or crossbars.
grate: To shred (things, usually foodstuffs), by rubbing across a grater.
grate: To make an unpleasant rasping sound, often as the result of rubbing against something.
grate: To get on one's nerves; to irritate, annoy.
grate: To annoy.
check: To inspect; to examine.
check: To verify the accuracy of a text or translation, usually making some corrections (proofread) or many (copyedit).
check: To mark items on a list (with a checkmark or by crossing them out) that have been chosen for keeping or removal or that have been dealt with (for example, completed or verified as correct or satisfactory).
check: To control, limit, or halt.
check: To verify or compare with a source of information.
check: To leave in safekeeping.
check: To leave with a shipping agent for shipping.
check: To pass or bounce the ball to an opponent from behind the three-point line and have the opponent pass or bounce it back to start play.
check: To disrupt another player with the stick or body to obtain possession of the ball or puck.
check: To announce that one is remaining in a hand without betting.
check: To make a move which puts an adversary's king in check; to put in check.
check: To chide, rebuke, or reprove.
check: To slack or ease off, as a brace which is too stiffly extended.
check: To crack or gape open, as wood in drying; or to crack in small checks, as varnish, paint, etc.
check: To make checks or chinks in; to cause to crack.
check: To make a stop; to pause.
check: To clash or interfere.
check: To act as a curb or restraint.
check: To turn, when in pursuit of proper game, and fly after other birds.
check: To mark with a check pattern.
poker: To poke with a utensil such as a poker or needle.
poker: To play poker.
video: To record using a video camera, to videotape
video: To record a television program
video: To visually record (activity, or a motion picture) in general, with or without sound.
abend: To terminate abnormally.
waste: To devastate; to destroy.
waste: To squander (money or resources) uselessly; to spend (time) idly.
waste: To kill; to murder.
waste: To wear away by degrees; to impair gradually; to deteriorate; to diminish by constant loss; to use up; to consume; to spend; to wear out.
waste: To gradually lose weight, weaken, become frail.
waste: To be diminished; to lose bulk, substance, strength, value etc. gradually.
waste: To damage, impair, or injure (an estate, etc.) voluntarily, or by allowing the buildings, fences, etc., to fall into decay.
juice: To extract the juice from something.
juice: To energize or stimulate something.
juice: To take a performance-enhancing drug.
datum: To provide missing data points by using a mathematical model to extrapolate values that are outside the range of a measuring device.
teeth: Dated spelling of teethe (“to grow teeth”).
skunk: To defeat so badly as to prevent any opposing points.
skunk: To win by 30 or more points.
skunk: To go bad, to spoil.
argue: To show grounds for concluding (that); to indicate, imply.
argue: To debate, disagree, or discuss opposing or differing viewpoints.
argue: To have an argument, a quarrel.
argue: To present (a viewpoint or an argument therefor).
argue: To prove.
argue: To accuse.
flour: To apply flour to something; to cover with flour.
flour: To reduce to flour.
flour: To break up into fine globules of mercury in the amalgamation process.
front: To face (on, to); to be pointed in a given direction.
front: To face, be opposite to.
front: To face up to, to meet head-on, to confront.
front: To adorn with, at the front; to put on the front.
front: To pronounce with the tongue in a front position.
front: To move (a word or clause) to the start of a sentence (or series of adjectives, etc).
front: To act as a front (for); to cover (for).
front: To lead or be the spokesperson of (a campaign, organisation etc.).
front: Of an alter in dissociative identity disorder: to be the currently actively presenting member of (a system), in control of the patient's body.
front: To provide money or financial assistance in advance to.
front: To assume false or disingenuous appearances.
front: To deceive or attempt to deceive someone with false or disingenuous appearances (on).
front: To appear before.
whore: To prostitute oneself.
whore: To engage the services of a prostitute.
whore: To pimp; to pander.
whore: To promote shamelessly.
whore: To pursue false gods.
whore: To pursue false goals.
whore: To overuse something.
couch: To lie down; to recline (upon a couch or other place of repose).
couch: To bend the body, as in reverence, pain, labor, etc.; to stoop; to crouch.
couch: To lay something upon a bed or other resting place.
couch: To arrange or dispose as if in a bed.
couch: To lay or deposit in a bed or layer; to bed.
couch: To lower (a spear or lance) to the position of attack.
couch: In the treatment of a cataract in the eye, to displace the opaque lens with a sharp object such as a needle. The technique is regarded as largely obsolete.
couch: To transfer (for example, sheets of partly dried pulp) from the wire mould to a felt blanket for further drying.
couch: To attach a thread onto fabric with small stitches in order to add texture.
couch: To phrase in a particular style; to use specific wording for.
couch: To lie down for concealment; to conceal, to hide; to be concealed; to be included or involved darkly or secretly.
crust: To cover with a crust.
crust: To form a crust.
trust: To place confidence in, to rely on, to confide in.
trust: To have faith in; to rely on for continuing support or aid.
trust: To give credence to; to believe; to credit.
trust: To hope confidently; to believe (usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object)
trust: to show confidence in a person by entrusting them with something.
trust: To commit, as to one's care; to entrust.
trust: To give credit to; to sell to upon credit, or in confidence of future payment.
trust: To rely on (something), as though having trust (on it).
trust: To risk; to venture confidently.
trust: To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide.
trust: To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit.
label: To put a label (a ticket or sign) on (something).
label: To give a label to (someone or something) in order to categorise that person or thing.
label: To replace specific atoms by their isotope in order to track the presence or movement of this isotope through a reaction, metabolic pathway or cell.
label: To add a detectable substance, either transiently or permanently, to a biological substance in order to track the presence of the label-substance combination either in situ or in vitro
Jesus: To subject to (excessive) Christian proselytizing, preaching, or moralizing.
Jesus: To exclaim "Jesus" (at).
spice: To add spice or spices to; season.
spice: To spice up.
curry: To cook or season with curry powder.
curry: To groom (a horse); to dress or rub down a horse with a curry comb.
curry: To dress (leather) after it is tanned by beating, rubbing, scraping and colouring.
curry: To beat, thrash; to drub.
curry: To try to win or gain (favour) by flattering.
curry: To perform currying upon.
curry: To scurry; to ride or run hastily
curry: To cover (a distance); (of a projectile) to traverse (its range).
curry: To hurry.
schwa: To be reduced to schwa.
focus: To cause (rays of light, etc) to converge at a single point.
focus: To adjust (a lens, an optical instrument) in order to position an image with respect to the focal plane.
focus: To adjust itself or be adjusted such that light from a scene converges appropriately to create a clear image.
focus: To direct attention, effort, or energy to a particular audience or task.
focus: To concentrate one’s attention.
focus: To concentrate one's attention on something; to have as one's central point of interest, concern, etc.
focus: To transfer the input focus to (a visual element), so that it receives subsequent input.
focus: To aggregate figures of accounts.
wafer: To seal or fasten with a wafer.
trunk: To lop off; to curtail; to truncate.
trunk: To extract (ores) from the slimes in which they are contained, by means of a trunk.
trunk: To provide simultaneous network access to multiple clients by sharing a set of circuits, carriers, channels, or frequencies.
hutch: To hoard or lay up, in a chest.
hutch: To wash (ore) in a box or jig.
hutch: To move with a jerk; to hitch.
truck: To drive a truck.
truck: To convey by truck.
truck: To travel, to proceed.
truck: To persist, to endure.
truck: To move a camera parallel to the movement of the subject.
truck: To fight or otherwise physically engage with.
truck: To run over or through a tackler in American football.
truck: To fail; run out; run short; be unavailable; diminish; abate.
truck: To give in; give way; knuckle under; truckle.
truck: To deceive; cheat; defraud.
truck: To tread (down); stamp on; trample (down).
truck: To trade, exchange; barter.
truck: To engage in commerce; to barter or deal.
truck: To have dealings or social relationships with; to engage with.
thorn: To pierce with, or as if with, a thorn (sharp pointed object).
reply: To give a written or spoken response, especially to a question, request, accusation or criticism; to answer.
reply: To act or gesture in response.
reply: To repeat something back; to echo.
mango: To stuff and pickle (a fruit).
smith: To forge, to form, usually on an anvil; by heating and pounding.
bleat: Of a sheep or goat, to make its characteristic cry; of a human, to mimic this sound.
bleat: Of a person, to complain.
bleat: Of a person, to say things of little importance to the listener.
sheet: To cover or wrap with cloth, or paper, or other similar material.
sheet: To form into sheets.
sheet: Of rain, or other precipitation, to pour heavily.
sheet: To trim a sail using a sheet.
crimp: To press into small ridges or folds, to pleat, to corrugate.
crimp: To fasten by bending metal so that it squeezes around the parts to be fastened.
crimp: To pinch and hold; to seize.
crimp: To style hair into a crimp, to form hair into tight curls, to make it kinky.
crimp: To bend or mold leather into shape.
crimp: To gash the flesh, e.g. of a raw fish, to make it crisper when cooked.
crimp: to hold using a crimp
crimp: To impress (seamen or soldiers); to entrap, to decoy.
ghost: To haunt; to appear to in the form of an apparition.
ghost: To die; to expire.
ghost: To imbue with a ghost-like hue or effect.
ghost: To ghostwrite.
ghost: To sail seemingly without wind.
ghost: To copy a file or hard drive image.
ghost: To gray out (a visual item) to indicate that it is unavailable.
ghost: To forcibly disconnect an IRC user who is using one's reserved nickname.
ghost: To appear or move without warning, quickly and quietly; to slip.
ghost: To transfer (a prisoner) to another prison without the prior knowledge of other inmates.
ghost: To kill.
ghost: To perform an act of ghosting: to break up with someone without warning or explanation; to ignore someone, especially on social media.
ghost: To provide the speaking or singing voice for another actor, who is lip-syncing.
puppy: To bring forth whelps or give birth to pups.
rouge: To apply rouge (makeup).
rehab: To rehabilitate.
sabre: To strike or kill with a sabre.
naked: simple past and past participle of nake
empty: To make empty; to void; to remove the contents of.
empty: Of a river, duct, etc: to drain or flow toward an ultimate destination.
clade: To be part of a clade; to form a clade.
blame: To censure (someone or something); to criticize.
blame: To bring into disrepute.
blame: To assert or consider that someone is the cause of something negative; to place blame, to attribute responsibility (for something negative or for doing something negative).
blame: To assert the cause of some bad event.
tramp: To walk with heavy footsteps.
tramp: To walk for a long time (usually through difficult terrain).
tramp: To hitchhike.
tramp: To tread upon forcibly and repeatedly; to trample.
tramp: To travel or wander through.
tramp: To cleanse, as clothes, by treading upon them in water.
tramp: To scram; begone.
table: To tabulate; to put into a table or grid.
table: To supply (a guest, client etc.) with food at a table; to feed.
table: To delineate; to represent, as in a picture; to depict.
table: To put on the table of a commission or legislative assembly; to propose for formal discussion or consideration, to put on the agenda.
table: To remove from the agenda, to postpone dealing with; to shelve (to indefinitely postpone consideration or discussion of something).
table: To join (pieces of timber) together using coaks.
table: To put on a table.
table: To make board hems in the skirts and bottoms of (sails) in order to strengthen them in the part attached to the bolt-rope.
guard: To protect from danger; to secure against surprise, attack, or injury; to keep in safety; to defend.
guard: To keep watch over, in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence, or the like.
guard: To watch by way of caution or defense; to be cautious; to be in a state or position of defense or safety.
guard: To protect the edge of, especially with an ornamental border; hence, to face or ornament with lists, laces, etc.
guard: To fasten by binding; to gird.
beast: to impose arduous exercises, either as training or as punishment.
beast: to engage in sexual intercourse, particularly in an illicit context
bowel: To disembowel.
hatch: To close with a hatch or hatches.
hatch: To emerge from an egg.
hatch: To break open when a young animal emerges from it.
hatch: To incubate eggs; to cause to hatch.
hatch: To devise (a plot or scheme).
hatch: To shade an area of (a drawing, diagram, etc.) with fine parallel lines, or with lines which cross each other (cross-hatch).
hatch: To cross; to spot; to stain; to steep.
spout: To gush forth in a jet or stream
spout: To eject water or liquid in a jet.
spout: To speak tediously or pompously.
spout: To utter magniloquently; to recite in an oratorical or pompous manner.
spout: To pawn; to pledge.
dress: To put clothes (or, formerly, armour) on (oneself or someone, a doll, a mannequin, etc.); to clothe.
dress: To put clothes (or, formerly, armour) on (oneself or someone, a doll, a mannequin, etc.); to clothe.
dress: To attire (oneself or someone) for a particular (especially formal) occasion, or in a fashionable manner.
dress: To design, make, provide, or select clothes (for someone).
dress: To arrange or style (someone's hair).
dress: To adorn or ornament (something).
dress: To arrange a display of goods in, or to decorate (a shop or shop window).
dress: To adorn or ornament (something).
dress: To ornament (a ship) by hoisting the national colours at the peak and mastheads, and setting the jack forward; when "dressed full", the signal flags and pennants are added.
dress: To adorn or ornament (something).
dress: To apply a dressing to or otherwise treat (a wound); (obsolete) to give (a wounded person) medical aid.
dress: To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.
dress: To prepare, treat, or curry (animal hide or leather).
dress: To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.
dress: To prepare the surface of (a material, usually lumber or stone).
dress: To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.
dress: To remove chaff or impurities from (flour, grain, etc.) by bolting or sifting, winnowing, and other methods.
dress: To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.
dress: To prepare (an artificial fly) to be attached to a fish hook.
dress: To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.
dress: To cultivate or tend to (a garden, land, plants, etc.); especially, to add fertilizer or manure to (soil); to fertilize, to manure.
dress: To cut up (an animal or its flesh) for food; specifically (hunting), to remove the internal organs (of a game animal) shortly after it has been killed so that the carcass cools more quickly; to field dress.
dress: To prepare (food) for cooking or eating, especially by seasoning it; specifically, to add a dressing or sauce (to food, especially a salad).
dress: To design, make, or prepare costumes (for a play or other performance); also, to present (a production) in a particular costume style.
dress: To prepare (a set) by installing the props, scenery, etc.
dress: To arrange (soldiers or troops) into proper formation; especially, to adjust (soldiers or troops) into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other; to align.
dress: To treat (someone) in a particular manner; specifically, in an appropriate or fitting manner; (by extension, ironic) to give (someone) a deserved beating; also, to give (someone) a good scolding; to dress down.
dress: To break in and train (a horse or other animal) for use.
dress: To prepare (oneself); to make ready.
dress: To put on clothes.
dress: To put on clothes.
dress: To attire oneself for a particular (especially formal) occasion, or in a fashionable manner.
dress: Of a thing: to attain a certain condition after undergoing some process or treatment to fit or prepare it for use.
dress: To allow one's penis to fall to one side or the other within one's trousers.
dress: Ellipsis of cross-dress.
dress: Of an animal carcass: to have a certain quantity or weight after removal of the internal organs and skin; also, to have a certain appearance after being cut up and prepared for cooking.
dress: Of soldiers or troops: to arrange into proper formation; especially, to form into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other.
dress: Of a sportsperson: to put on the uniform and have the equipment needed to play a sport.
snore: To breathe during sleep with harsh, snorting noises caused by vibration of the soft palate.
belch: To expel (gas) loudly from the stomach through the mouth.
belch: To eject or emit (something) with spasmodic force or noise.
globe: To become spherical.
globe: To make spherical.
chick: To sprout, as seed does in the ground; to vegetate.
chick: To compress the lips and then separate them quickly, resulting in a percussive noise.
wreak: To cause harm; to afflict; to inflict; to harm or injure; to let out harm.
wreak: To chasten, or chastise/chastize, or castigate, or punish, or smite.
wreak: To inflict or take vengeance on.
wreak: To take vengeance for.
wreak: Misspelling of reek.
recur: To happen again.
recur: To come to the mind again.
recur: To speak, write or think about something again; to return or go back (to a subject).
recur: To go back to using or doing something.
recur: To have recourse (to someone or something) for assistance, support etc.; to turn or appeal to (someone or something).
recur: To go to a location again; to return (to a place).
recur: To recurse.
draft: To write a first version, make a preliminary sketch.
draft: To draw in outline; to make a draught, sketch, or plan of, as in architectural and mechanical drawing.
draft: To write a law.
draft: To conscript a person, force a person to serve in some capacity, especially in the military.
draft: To select someone (or something) for a particular role or purpose.
draft: To select and separate an animal or animals from a group.
draft: To select a rookie player onto a professional sports team.
draft: To follow very closely (behind another vehicle), thereby providing an aerodynamic advantage to both lead and follower and conserving energy or increasing speed.
draft: To draw out; to call forth.
draft: To draw fibers out of a clump, for spinning in the production of yarn.
hoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoop
value: To estimate the value of; judge the worth of something.
value: To fix or determine the value of; assign a value to, as of jewelry or art work.
value: To regard highly; think much of; place importance upon.
value: To hold dear.
ixnay: To reject something.
rogue: To cull; to destroy plants not meeting a required standard, especially when saving seed, rogue or unwanted plants are removed before pollination.
rogue: To cheat.
rogue: To give the name or designation of rogue to; to decry.
rogue: To wander; to play the vagabond; to play knavish tricks.
chief: To smoke cannabis.
jelly: To make into jelly.
jelly: To preserve in jelly.
jelly: To wiggle like jelly.
sauce: To add sauce to; to season.
sauce: To cause to relish anything, as if with a sauce; to tickle or gratify, as the palate; to please; to stimulate.
sauce: To make poignant; to give zest, flavour or interest to; to set off; to vary and render attractive.
sauce: To treat with bitter, pert, or tart language; to be impudent or saucy to.
sauce: To send or hand over.
leger: Alternative form of ledger (“to use (a certain type of bait) in bottom fishing; to engage in bottom fishing”)
token: To betoken, indicate, portend, designate, denote
token: To betroth
token: To symbolize, instantiate
scale: To change the size of something whilst maintaining proportion; especially to change a process in order to produce much larger amounts of the final product.
scale: To climb to the top of.
scale: To tolerate significant increases in throughput or other potentially limiting factors.
scale: To weigh, measure or grade according to a scale or system.
scale: To remove the scales of.
scale: To become scaly; to produce or develop scales.
scale: To strip or clear of scale; to descale.
scale: To take off in thin layers or scales, as tartar from the teeth; to pare off, as a surface.
scale: To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae.
scale: To scatter; to spread.
scale: To clean, as the inside of a cannon, by the explosion of a small quantity of powder.
stove: To heat or dry, as in a stove.
stove: To keep warm, in a house or room, by artificial heat.
stove: simple past and past participle of stave
chest: To hit with one's chest (front of one's body)
chest: To deposit in a chest.
chest: To place in a coffin.
adorn: To make more beautiful and attractive; to decorate.
miaow: Britain spelling of meow
halve: To reduce to half the original amount.
halve: To divide into two halves.
halve: To make up half of.
halve: To join two pieces of timber etc. by cutting away each for half its thickness at the joining place, and fitting together.
halve: In match play, to achieve a tie or draw on.
intro: To introduce.
frost: To cover with frost.
frost: To become covered with frost.
frost: To coat (something, e.g. a cake) with icing to resemble frost.
frost: To anger or annoy.
frost: To sharpen (the points of a horse's shoe) to prevent it from slipping on ice.
frost: To bleach individual strands of hair while leaving adjacent strands untouched.
snare: To catch or hold, especially with a loop.
snare: To ensnare.
adapt: To make suitable; to make to correspond; to fit or suit
adapt: To fit by alteration; to modify or remodel for a different purpose; to adjust
adapt: To make by altering or fitting something else; to produce by change of form or character
adapt: To make oneself comfortable to a new thing.
guile: To deceive, beguile, bewile.
admit: To allow to enter; to grant entrance (to), whether into a place, into the mind, or into consideration
admit: To allow (someone) to enter a profession or to enjoy a privilege; to recognize as qualified for a franchise.
admit: To concede as true; to acknowledge or assent to, as an allegation which it is impossible to deny (+ to).
admit: To be capable of; to permit. In this sense, "of" may be used after the verb, or may be omitted.
admit: To give warrant or allowance, to grant opportunity or permission (+ of).
admit: To allow to enter a hospital or similar facility for treatment.
adopt: To take (a child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.) by choice into a relationship.
adopt: To take voluntarily (a child of other parents) to be in the place of, or as, one's own child.
adopt: To take (a child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.) by choice into a relationship.
adopt: To obtain (a pet) from a shelter or the wild.
adopt: To take (a child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.) by choice into a relationship.
adopt: To contribute towards the upkeep of (a child or animal), in exchange for occasional stories, pictures, etc.
adopt: To take (a child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.) by choice into a relationship.
adopt: To take by choice into the scope of one's responsibility.
adopt: To take or receive as one's own what is not so naturally.
adopt: To select and take or approve.
adopt: To beat an opponent ten times in a row.
groom: To attend to one's appearance and clothing.
groom: To care for (horses or other animals) by brushing and cleaning them.
groom: To prepare (someone) for an event
groom: To prepare (someone) for election or appointment.
groom: To attempt to gain the trust of a minor with the intention of luring them into a sexual relationship.
groom: In agile software development, to review and prioritize the items in the development backlog.
groom: To prepare (a ski slope) for skiers by packing down the snow.
allot: To distribute or apportion by (or as if by) lot.
allot: To assign or designate as a task or for a purpose.
croak: To make a croak.
croak: To utter in a low, hoarse voice.
croak: To make its sound.
croak: To die.
croak: To kill someone or something.
croak: To complain; especially, to grumble; to forebode evil; to utter complaints or forebodings habitually.
croak: To abort the current program indicating a user or caller error.
weigh: To determine the weight of an object.
weigh: Often with "out", to measure a certain amount of something by its weight, e.g. for sale.
weigh: To determine the intrinsic value or merit of an object, to evaluate.
weigh: To judge; to estimate.
weigh: To consider a subject.
weigh: To have a certain weight.
weigh: To have weight; to be heavy; to press down.
weigh: To be considered as important; to have weight in the intellectual balance.
weigh: To raise an anchor free of the seabed.
weigh: To weigh anchor.
weigh: To bear up; to raise; to lift into the air; to swing up.
weigh: To consider as worthy of notice; to regard.
impel: To urge a person; to press on; to incite to action or motion via intrinsic motivation.
impel: To drive forward; to propel an object, to provide an impetus for motion or action.
neigh: To make its cry.
neigh: To make a sound similar to a horse's cry.
neigh: To scoff or sneer.
amass: To collect into a mass or heap.
amass: to gather a great quantity of; to accumulate.
amass: To accumulate; to assemble.
hurry: To do things quickly.
hurry: Often with up, to speed up the rate of doing something.
hurry: To cause to be done quickly.
hurry: To hasten; to impel to greater speed; to urge on.
hurry: To impel to precipitate or thoughtless action; to urge to confused or irregular activity.
hurry: To put: to convey coal in the mine, e.g. from the working to the tramway.
haste: To urge onward; to hasten.
haste: To move with haste.
crack: To form cracks.
crack: To break apart under force, stress, or pressure.
crack: To become debilitated by psychological pressure.
crack: To break down or yield, especially under interrogation or torture.
crack: To make a cracking sound.
crack: To change rapidly in register.
crack: To alternate between high and low register in the process of eventually lowering.
crack: To make a sharply humorous comment.
crack: To realize that one is transgender.
crack: To make a crack or cracks in.
crack: To break open or crush to small pieces by impact or stress.
crack: To strike forcefully.
crack: To open slightly.
crack: To cause to yield under interrogation or other pressure.
crack: To solve a difficult problem.
crack: To overcome a security system or component.
crack: To cause to make a sharp sound.
crack: To tell (a joke).
crack: To break down (a complex molecule), especially with the application of heat: to pyrolyse.
crack: To circumvent software restrictions such as regional coding or time limits.
crack: To open a canned beverage, or any packaged drink or food.
crack: To brag; to boast.
crack: To be ruined or impaired; to fail.
crack: To barely reach or attain (a measurement or extent).
study: To review materials already learned in order to make sure one does not forget them, usually in preparation for an examination.
study: To take a course or courses on a subject.
study: To acquire knowledge on a subject with the intention of applying it in practice.
study: To look at minutely.
study: To fix the mind closely upon a subject; to dwell upon anything in thought; to muse; to ponder.
study: To endeavor diligently; to be zealous.
amuse: To entertain or occupy (someone or something) in a pleasant manner; to stir (an individual) with pleasing emotions.
amuse: To cause laughter or amusement; to be funny.
amuse: To keep in expectation; to beguile; to delude.
amuse: To occupy or engage the attention of; to lose in deep thought; to absorb; also, to distract; to bewilder.
bride: to make a bride of
allay: To make quiet or put at rest; to pacify or appease; to quell; to calm.
allay: To alleviate; to abate; to mitigate.
allay: To subside, abate, become peaceful.
allay: To mix (metals); to mix with a baser metal; to alloy; to deteriorate.
allay: To make worse by the introduction of inferior elements.
chord: To write chords for.
chord: To accord; to harmonize together.
chord: To provide with musical chords or strings; to string; to tune.
expel: To eject or erupt.
expel: To fire (a bullet, arrow etc.).
expel: To remove from membership.
expel: To deport.
grunt: To make a grunt or grunts.
grunt: To make a grunt or grunts.
grunt: To break wind; to fart.
alibi: To provide an alibi for.
alibi: To provide an excuse for.
pulse: To emit or impel (something) in pulses or waves.
pulse: To give to (something, especially a cell culture) an (increased) amount of a substance, such as a drug or an isotopic label, over a short time.
pulse: To operate a food processor on (some ingredient) in short bursts, to break it up without liquidizing it.
pulse: To apply an electric current or signal that varies in strength to (something).
pulse: To manipulate (an electric current, electromagnetic wave, etc.) so that it is emitted in pulses.
pulse: To expand and contract repeatedly, like an artery when blood is flowing though it, or the heart; to beat, to throb, to vibrate, to pulsate.
pulse: Of an activity, place, or thing: to bustle with energy and liveliness; to pulsate.
alias: To assign an additional name to an entity, often a more user-friendly one.
alias: To make or become indistinguishable.
spear: To pierce with a spear.
spear: To penetrate or strike with, or as if with, any long narrow object; to make a thrusting motion that catches an object on the tip of a long device.
spear: To tackle an opponent by ramming into them with one's helmet.
spear: To shoot into a long stem, as some plants do.
spear: To ignore as a social snub.
annoy: To disturb or irritate, especially by continued or repeated acts; to bother with unpleasant deeds.
annoy: To do something to upset or anger someone; to be troublesome.
annoy: To molest; to harm; to injure.
agree: To be in harmony about an opinion, statement, or action; to have a consistent idea between two or more people.
agree: To give assent; to accede
agree: To yield assent to; to approve.
agree: To make a stipulation by way of settling differences or determining a price; to exchange promises; to come to terms or to a common resolve; to promise.
agree: To resemble; to coincide; to correspond.
agree: To suit or be adapted in its effects; to do well.
agree: To correspond to (another word) in a grammatical category, such as gender, number, case, or person.
agree: To consent to a contract or to an element of a contract.
stale: To make stale; to age in order to clear and strengthen (a drink, especially beer).
stale: To make stale; to cause to go out of fashion or currency; to diminish the novelty or interest of, particularly by excessive exposure or consumption.
stale: To become stale; to grow odious from excessive exposure or consumption.
stale: To become stale; to grow unpleasant from age.
stale: To make a ladder by joining rungs ("stales") between the posts.
stale: To stalemate.
stale: To be stalemated.
stale: To urinate, especially used of horses and cattle.
stale: To serve as a decoy, to lure.
allow: To grant, give, admit, accord, afford, or yield; to let one have.
allow: To enable; to permit; to grant license to; to consent to.
allow: To not bar or obstruct.
allow: To acknowledge; to accept as true; to concede; to accede to an opinion.
allow: To grant (something) as a deduction or an addition; especially to abate or deduct.
allow: To take into account by making an allowance.
allow: To render physically possible.
allow: To praise; to approve of; hence, to sanction.
allow: To sanction; to invest; to entrust.
allow: To like; to be suited or pleased with.
allow: To decide (a request) in favour of the party who raised it; to grant victory to a party regarding (a request).
allow: To forgo bothering with, to let slide.
niche: To place in a niche.
niche: To specialize in a niche, or particular narrow section of the market.
snack: To eat a light meal.
snack: To eat between meals.
snack: To snatch.
snack: To bite.
snack: To share.
ditch: To discard or abandon.
ditch: To deliberately crash-land an airplane on water.
ditch: To deliberately not attend classes; to play hookey.
ditch: To dig ditches.
ditch: To dig ditches around.
ditch: To throw into a ditch.
ditch: Alternative form of deech
trace: To follow the trail of.
trace: To follow the history of.
trace: To draw or sketch lightly or with care.
trace: To copy onto a sheet of paper superimposed over the original, by drawing over its lines.
trace: To copy; to imitate.
trace: To walk; to go; to travel.
trace: To walk over; to pass through; to traverse.
trace: To follow the execution of the program by making it to stop after every instruction, or by making it print a message after every step.
alarm: To call to arms for defense
alarm: To give (someone) notice of approaching danger
alarm: To rouse to vigilance and action; to put on the alert.
alarm: To surprise with apprehension of danger; to fill with anxiety in regard to threatening evil; to excite with sudden fear.
alarm: To keep in excitement; to disturb.
stuff: To fill by packing or crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess.
stuff: To fill a space with (something) in a compressed manner.
stuff: To fill with seasoning.
stuff: To load goods into (a container) for transport.
stuff: To sate.
stuff: To eat, especially in a hearty or greedy manner.
stuff: To break; to destroy.
stuff: To sexually penetrate.
stuff: Used to contemptuously dismiss or reject something. See also stuff it.
stuff: To heavily defeat or get the better of.
stuff: To cut off another competitor in a race by disturbing his projected and committed racing line (trajectory) by an abrupt manoeuvre.
stuff: To preserve a dead bird or other animal by filling its skin.
stuff: To obstruct, as any of the organs; to affect with some obstruction in the organs of sense or respiration.
stuff: To form or fashion by packing with the necessary material.
stuff: To crowd with facts; to cram the mind of; sometimes, to crowd or fill with false or idle tales or fancies.
stuff: To compress (a file or files) in the StuffIt format, to be unstuffed later.
sneer: To raise a corner of the upper lip slightly, especially in scorn
sneer: To utter with a grimace or contemptuous expression; to say sneeringly.
antic: To perform antics, to caper.
antic: To make a fool of, to cause to look ridiculous.
antic: To perform (an action) as an antic; to mimic ridiculously.
whale: To hunt for whales.
whale: To thrash, to flog, to beat vigorously or soundly.
shark: To fish for sharks.
shark: Of a university student who is not a fresher, to engage in sexual activity with a fresher, or to be at a bar or club with the general intention of engaging in such activity.
shark: To steal or obtain through fraud.
shark: To play the petty thief; to practice fraud or trickery; to swindle.
shark: To live by shifts and stratagems.
shark: To pick or gather indiscriminately or covertly.
torch: To set fire to, especially by use of a torch (flaming stick).
torch: To travel in a spacecraft propelled by a torch drive ("a spacecraft engine which produces thrust by nuclear fusion").
ankle: To walk.
ankle: To cyclically angle the foot at the ankle while pedaling, to maximize the amount of work applied to the pedal during each revolution.
taunt: to make fun of (someone); to goad (a person) into responding, often in an aggressive manner.
crumb: To cover with crumbs.
crumb: To break into crumbs or small pieces with the fingers; to crumble.
strap: To beat or chastise with a strap; to whip, to lash.
strap: To fasten or bind with a strap.
strap: To sharpen by rubbing on a strap; to strop.
rival: To oppose or compete with.
rival: To be equal to, or match, or to surpass another.
rival: To strive to equal or excel; to emulate.
musta: Contraction of must have.
phish: To engage in phishing.
guide: to serve as a guide for someone or something; to lead or direct in a way; to conduct in a course or path.
guide: to steer or navigate, especially a ship or as a pilot.
guide: to exert control or influence over someone or something.
guide: to supervise the education or training of someone.
guide: to act as a guide.
photo: To take a photograph of.
enemy: To make an enemy of.
steer: To guide the course of a vessel, vehicle, aircraft etc. (by means of a device such as a rudder, paddle, or steering wheel).
steer: To guide the course of a vessel, vehicle, aircraft etc. (by means of a device such as a rudder, paddle, or steering wheel).
steer: To be directed and governed; to take a direction, or course; to obey the helm.
steer: To direct a group of animals.
steer: To maneuver or manipulate a person or group into a place or course of action.
steer: To conduct oneself; to take or pursue a course of action.
steer: To direct a conversation.
steer: To direct or send an object into a specific place
steer: To castrate (a male calf).
anger: To cause such a feeling of antagonism in.
anger: To become angry.
pools: third-person singular simple present indicative of pool
waver: To sway back and forth; to totter or reel.
waver: To flicker, glimmer, quiver, as a weak light.
waver: To fluctuate or vary, as commodity prices or a poorly sustained musical pitch.
waver: To shake or tremble, as the hands or voice.
waver: To falter; become unsteady; begin to fail or give way.
waver: To be indecisive between choices; to feel or show doubt or indecision; to vacillate.
gulag: To compel (someone) into a forced labour camp or a similar place of confinement or exile.
drain: To lose liquid.
drain: To flow gradually.
drain: To cause liquid to flow out of.
drain: To convert a perennially wet place into a dry one.
drain: To deplete of energy or resources.
drain: To draw off by degrees; to cause to flow gradually out or off; hence, to exhaust.
drain: To filter.
drain: To fall off the bottom of the playfield.
drain: To drink.
drain: To make a shot.
grime: To begrime; to cake with dirt.
urine: To urinate.
leven: Obsolete spelling of leaven
gravy: To make gravy.
equal: To be equal to, to have the same value as; to correspond to.
equal: To make equivalent to; to cause to match.
equal: To have as its consequence.
jolly: To amuse or divert.
scold: To rebuke angrily.
scold: Of birds, to make harsh vocalisations in aggression.
scold: Of birds, to make vocalisations that resemble human scolding.
scold: Misconstruction of scald
whine: To utter a high-pitched cry.
whine: To make a sound resembling such a cry.
whine: To complain or protest with a whine or as if with a whine.
whine: To move with a whining sound.
whine: To utter with the sound of a whine.
sleet: To be in a state in which sleet is falling.
crêpe: Alternative spelling of crepe
cheer: To gladden; to make cheerful; often with up.
cheer: To infuse life, courage, animation, or hope, into; to inspirit; to solace or comfort.
cheer: To encourage to do something.
cheer: To applaud or encourage with cheers or shouts.
cheer: To feel or express enthusiasm for (something).
sperm: To ejaculate.
sperm: To ejaculate on or into.
quart: To thwart.
apply: To lay or place; to put (one thing to another)
apply: To put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose, or in a particular case
apply: To make use of, declare, or pronounce, as suitable, fitting, or relative
apply: To put closely; to join; to engage and employ diligently, or with attention
apply: To work diligently and attentively.
apply: To address; to refer; generally used reflexively.
apply: To submit oneself as a candidate (with the adposition "to" designating the recipient of the submission, and the adposition "for" designating the position).
apply: To pertain or be relevant to a specified individual or group.
apply: To busy; to keep at work; to ply.
apply: To visit.
giros: third-person singular simple present indicative of giro
theme: To give a theme to.
theme: To apply a theme to; to change the visual appearance and/or layout of (software).
essay: To attempt or try.
essay: To move forth, as into battle.
stare: To look fixedly (at something).
stare: To influence in some way by looking fixedly.
stare: To be very conspicuous on account of size, prominence, colour, or brilliancy.
stare: To stand out; to project; to bristle.
crepe: To crease (paper) in such a way to make it look like crepe paper
crepe: To frizz (the hair).
panic: To cause (someone) to feel panic (“overwhelming fear or fright”); also, to frighten (someone) into acting hastily.
panic: To cause (a computer system) to crash.
panic: To highly amuse, entertain, or impress (an audience watching a performance or show).
panic: To feel panic, or overwhelming fear or fright; to freak out, to lose one's head.
panic: Of a computer system: to crash.
rhyme: To compose or treat in verse; versify.
rhyme: Of a word, to be pronounced identically with another from the vowel in its stressed syllable to the end.
rhyme: Of two or more words, to be pronounced identically from the vowel in the stressed syllable of each to the end of each.
rhyme: To somewhat resemble or correspond with.
rhyme: To number; count; reckon.
queue: To put oneself or itself at the end of a waiting line.
queue: To arrange themselves into a physical waiting queue.
queue: To add to a queue data structure.
queue: To fasten the hair into a queue.
ladle: To pour or serve something with a ladle.
moist: To make (something) moist or wet; to moisten.
moist: To inspire, to refresh (someone); also, to soften (one's heart).
moist: To rain lightly; to drizzle.
moist: To have an effect of moistening or wetting.
terve: To fall; be thrown down.
terve: To dash down; cast; throw: in combination with over; to overthrow; overturn.
terve: To turn down or back; roll or fold over.
carol: To participate in a carol (a round dance accompanied by singing).
carol: To sing in a joyful manner.
carol: To sing carols; especially to sing Christmas carols in a group.
carol: To praise or celebrate in song.
carol: To sing (a song) cheerfully.
toast: To lightly cook by browning via direct exposure to a fire or other heat source.
toast: To grill, lightly cook by browning specifically under a grill or in a toaster
toast: To engage in a salutation and/or accompanying raising of glasses while drinking alcohol in honor of someone or something.
toast: To warm thoroughly.
toast: To perform extemporaneous narrative poem or rap.
kebab: To roast in the style of a kebab
kebab: To stab or skewer
bolus: To administer (a drug) in bolus dosing, that is, dosing in (one or more) boluses.
bolus: To take a bolus (dose) of insulin at a mealtime in order to control one's blood glucose level in diabetes.
sever: To cut free.
sever: To suffer disjunction; to be parted or separated.
sever: To make a separation or distinction; to distinguish.
sever: To disconnect; to disunite; to terminate.
spoon: To serve using a spoon; to transfer (something) with a spoon.
spoon: To flirt; to make advances; to court, to interact romantically or amorously.
spoon: To lie nestled front-to-back, following the contours of the bodies, in a manner reminiscent of stacked spoons.
spoon: To hit (the ball) weakly, pushing it with a lifting motion, instead of striking with an audible knock.
spoon: To fish with a concave spoon bait.
spoon: To catch by fishing with a concave spoon bait.
spoon: Alternative form of spoom
tongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tong
terms: third-person singular simple present indicative of term
glory: To exult with joy; to rejoice.
glory: To boast; to be proud.
glory: To shine radiantly.
coach: To train.
coach: To instruct; to train.
coach: To study under a tutor.
coach: To travel in a coach (sometimes coach it).
coach: To convey in a coach.
annul: To formally revoke the validity of.
annul: To dissolve (a marital union) on the grounds that it is not valid.
fixed: simple past and past participle of fix
being: present participle and gerund of be
print: To produce one or more copies of a text or image on a surface, especially by machine; often used with out or off: print out, print off.
print: To produce a microchip (an integrated circuit) in a process resembling the printing of an image.
print: To write very clearly, especially, to write without connecting the letters as in cursive.
print: To publish in a book, newspaper, etc.
print: To stamp or impress (something) with coloured figures or patterns.
print: To fix or impress, as a stamp, mark, character, idea, etc., into or upon something.
print: To stamp something in or upon; to make an impression or mark upon by pressure, or as by pressure.
print: To display a string on the terminal.
print: To produce an observable value.
print: To fingerprint (a person).
bogey: To make a bogey.
bogey: To swim; to bathe.
sprog: To produce children.
sprog: To ejaculate, to come.
swarf: To grind down.
swarf: To grow languid; to faint.
stage: To produce on a stage, to perform a play.
stage: To demonstrate in a deceptive manner.
stage: To orchestrate; to carry out.
stage: To place in position to prepare for use.
stage: To determine what stage (a disease, etc.) has progressed to
stage: To jettison a spent stage of a multistage rocket or other launch vehicle and light the engine(s) of the stage above it.
stage: To work as an unpaid intern in a restaurant.
roost: To settle on a perch in order to sleep or rest
roost: to spend the night
roost: Alternative form of roust
broom: To sweep with a broom.
broom: To improve the embedding of a membrane by using a broom or squeegee to smooth it out and ensure contact with the adhesive under the membrane.
broom: to get rid of someone, like firing an employee or breaking up with a girlfriend, to sweep another out of one's life
broom: Alternative form of bream (“to clean a ship's bottom”)
trill: To create a trill sound; to utter trills or a trill; to play or sing in tremulous vibrations of sound; to have a trembling sound; to quaver.
trill: To impart the quality of a trill to; to utter as, or with, a trill.
trill: To trickle.
trill: To twirl.
Wi-Fi: To equip with Wi-Fi; to Wi-Fi enable.
Wi-Fi: To connect to the internet using Wi-Fi.
marry: To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife.
marry: To enter into marriage with one another.
marry: To take as husband or wife.
marry: To arrange for the marriage of; to give away as wife or husband.
marry: To unite in wedlock or matrimony; to perform the ceremony of joining spouses; to bring about a marital union according to the laws or customs of a place.
marry: To join or connect. See also marry up.
marry: To unite; to join together into a close union.
marry: To place (two ropes) alongside each other so that they may be grasped and hauled on at the same time.
marry: To join (two ropes) end to end so that both will pass through a block.
frock: To clothe (somebody) in a frock.
frock: To make (somebody) a cleric.
frock: To grant to an officer the title and uniform of a rank he will soon be promoted to.
stern: To steer, to direct the course of (a ship).
stern: To propel or move backward or stern-first in the water.
match: To agree; to be equal; to correspond.
match: To agree with; to be equal to; to correspond to.
match: To make a successful match or pairing.
match: To equal or exceed in achievement.
match: To unite in marriage, to mate.
match: To fit together, or make suitable for fitting together; specifically, to furnish with a tongue and groove at the edges.
match: To be an example of a rule or regex.
grace: To adorn; to decorate; to embellish and dignify.
grace: To dignify or raise by an act of favour; to honour.
grace: To supply with heavenly grace.
grace: To add grace notes, cadenzas, etc., to.
fluke: To obtain a successful outcome by pure chance.
fluke: To fortuitously pot a ball in an unintended way.
eject: To compel (a person or persons) to leave.
eject: To throw out or remove forcefully.
eject: To compel (a sports player) to leave the field because of inappropriate behaviour.
eject: To forcefully project oneself or another occupant from an aircraft (or, rarely, another type of vehicle), typically using an ejection seat or escape capsule.
eject: To cause (something) to come out of a machine.
eject: To come out of a machine.
arsed: simple past and past participle of arse.
clave: simple past and past participle of cleave
ma'am: To address (someone) using "ma'am".
chink: To fill an opening such as the space between logs in a log house with chinking; to caulk.
chink: To crack; to open.
chink: To cause to open in cracks or fissures.
chink: To make a slight sound like that of metal objects touching.
chink: To cause to make a sharp metallic sound, as coins, small pieces of metal, etc., by bringing them into collision with each other.
chink: Alternative form of kink (“gasp for breath”)
medal: To win a medal.
medal: To award a medal to.
calve: to give birth to a calf
calve: to assist in a cow's giving birth to a calf
calve: to give birth to (a calf)
calve: to shed a large piece, e.g. an iceberg or a smaller block of ice (coming off an iceberg)
calve: to break off
calve: to shed (a large piece, e.g. an iceberg); to set loose (a mass of ice), e.g. a block of ice (coming off an iceberg)
cheep: Of a small bird, to make short, high-pitched sounds.
cheep: To express in a chirping tone.
moral: To moralize.
bonus: To pay a bonus, premium
epoch: To divide (data) into segments by time period.
scull: To row a boat using a scull or sculls.
scull: To skate while keeping both feet in contact with the ground or ice.
scull: To drink the entire contents of (a drinking vessel) without pausing.
roast: To cook food by heating in an oven or over a fire without covering, resulting in a crisp, possibly even slightly charred appearance.
roast: To cook by surrounding with hot embers, ashes, sand, etc.
roast: To process by drying through exposure to sun or artificial heat.
roast: To heat to excess; to heat violently; to burn.
roast: To admonish someone vigorously.
roast: To subject to bantering, severely criticize, sometimes as a comedy routine.
roast: To dissipate the volatile parts of by heat, as ores.
chant: To sing, especially without instruments, and as applied to monophonic and pre-modern music.
chant: To sing or intone sacred text.
chant: To utter or repeat in a strongly rhythmical manner, especially as a group.
chant: To sell horses fraudulently, exaggerating their merits.
stain: To discolor, as by spilling or other contact with a fluid or substance.
stain: To taint or tarnish someone's character or reputation
stain: To coat a surface with a stain
stain: To become stained; to take a stain.
stain: To treat (a microscopic specimen) with a dye, especially one that dyes specific features
stain: To cause to seem inferior or soiled by comparison.
chart: To draw a chart or map of.
chart: To draw or figure out (a route or plan).
chart: To record systematically.
chart: To appear on a hit-recording chart.
Higgs: to make subject to the Higgs mechanism
super: Short for superhive.
super: Short for superimpose.
enjoy: To receive pleasure or satisfaction from something.
enjoy: To have the use or benefit of something.
enjoy: To be satisfied or receive pleasure.
enjoy: To have sexual intercourse with.
brave: To encounter with courage and fortitude, to defy, to provoke.
brave: To adorn; to make fine or showy.
smart: To hurt or sting.
smart: To cause a smart or sting in.
smart: To feel a pungent pain of mind; to feel sharp pain or grief; be punished severely; to feel the sting of evil.
bathe: To clean oneself by immersion in water or using water; to take a bath, have a bath.
bathe: To immerse oneself, or part of the body, in water for pleasure or refreshment; to swim.
bathe: To clean a person by immersion in water or using water; to give someone a bath.
bathe: To apply water or other liquid to; to suffuse or cover with liquid.
bathe: To cover or surround.
bathe: To sunbathe.
devil: To make like a devil; to invest with the character of a devil.
devil: To annoy or bother.
devil: To work as a ‘devil’; to work for a lawyer or writer without fee or recognition.
devil: To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:
devil: To grill with cayenne pepper; to season highly in cooking, as with pepper.
devil: To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:
devil: To finely grind cooked ham or other meat with spices and condiments.
devil: To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:
devil: To prepare a sidedish of shelled halved boiled eggs to whose extracted yolks are added condiments and spices, which mixture then is placed into the halved whites to be served.
taste: To sample the flavor of something orally.
taste: To have a taste; to excite a particular sensation by which flavor is distinguished.
taste: To identify (a flavor) by sampling something orally.
taste: To experience.
taste: To take sparingly.
taste: To try by eating a little; to eat a small quantity of.
taste: To try by the touch; to handle.
aahed: simple past and past participle of aah
abuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abut
regen: To regenerate.
blaze: To be on fire, especially producing bright flames.
blaze: To send forth or reflect a bright light; shine like a flame.
blaze: To be conspicuous; shine brightly a brilliancy (of talents, deeds, etc.).
blaze: To set in a blaze; burn.
blaze: To cause to shine forth; exhibit vividly; be resplendent with.
blaze: To mark with a white spot on the face (as a horse).
blaze: To set a mark on (as a tree, usually by cutting off a piece of its bark).
blaze: To indicate or mark out (a trail, especially through vegetation) by a series of blazes.
blaze: To set a precedent for the taking-on of a challenge; lead by example.
blaze: To be furiously angry; to speak or write in a rage.
blaze: To smoke marijuana.
blaze: To blow, as from a trumpet.
blaze: To publish; announce publicly.
blaze: To disclose; bewray; defame.
blaze: To blazon.
aborn: past participle of abear
birch: To punish with a stick, bundle of twigs, or rod made of birch wood.
birch: To punish as though one were using a stick, bundle of twigs, or rod made of birch wood.
emcee: To act as the master of ceremonies (for).
emcee: To rap as part of a hip-hop performance.
cease: To stop.
cease: To stop doing (something).
cease: To be wanting; to fail; to pass away, perish.
ready: To prepare; to make ready for action.
scour: To clean, polish, or wash (something) by rubbing and scrubbing it vigorously, frequently with an abrasive or cleaning agent.
scour: To remove debris and dirt (from something) by purging; to sweep along or off by a current of water.
scour: To clear the digestive tract (of an animal) by administering medication that induces defecation or vomiting; to purge.
scour: To (cause livestock to) suffer from diarrhoea or dysentery.
scour: To cleanse (something) without rubbing.
scour: To search an area thoroughly.
scour: To run with speed; to scurry.
scour: To move swiftly over; to brush along.
spawn: To produce or deposit (eggs) in water.
spawn: To generate, bring into being, especially non-mammalian beings in very large numbers.
spawn: To bring forth in general.
spawn: To induce (aquatic organisms) to spawn.
spawn: To plant with fungal spawn.
spawn: To deposit (numerous) eggs in water.
spawn: To reproduce, especially in large numbers.
spawn: (To cause) to appear spontaneously in a game at a certain point and time.
reave: To plunder, pillage, rob, pirate, or remove.
reave: To deprive (a person) of something through theft or violence.
reave: To split, tear, break apart.
blend: To mingle; to mix; to unite intimately; to pass or shade insensibly into each other.
blend: To be mingled or mixed.
blend: To pollute by mixture or association; to spoil or corrupt; to blot; to stain.
frank: To place a frank on an envelope.
frank: To exempt from charge for postage, as a letter, package, or packet, etc.
frank: To send by public conveyance free of expense.
frank: To shut up in a frank or sty; to pen up; hence, to cram; to fatten.
email: To send an email or emails to.
email: To send (something) through email.
email: To send, or compose and send, an email or emails.
bravo: To cheer or applaud, especially by saying bravo!
skull: To hit in the head with a fist, a weapon, or a thrown object.
skull: To strike the top of (the ball).
skull: To drink everything that remains in a glass by upending it.
mummy: To mummify.
whelp: To give birth.
dirge: To sing dirges
badge: To mark or distinguish with a badge.
badge: To show a badge to.
badge: To enter a restricted area by showing one's badge.
locks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lock
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To cause something to come to the surface of water.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To make (bread, etc.) light, as by yeast or leaven.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To cause (a dead person) to live again; to resurrect.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To remove or break up (a blockade), either by withdrawing the ships or forces employed in enforcing it, or by driving them away or dispersing them.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To relinquish (a siege), or cause this to be done.
raise: To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To collect or amass.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To call up the forces of, to raise the troops from.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To bring up; to grow.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To promote.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To mention (a question, issue) for discussion.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To create; to constitute (a use, or a beneficial interest in property).
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise, come forth, or appear.
raise: To create, increase or develop.
raise: To establish contact with (e.g., by telephone or radio).
raise: To respond to a bet by increasing the amount required to continue in the hand.
raise: To exponentiate, to involute.
raise: To extract (a subject or other verb argument) out of an inner clause.
raise: To produce a vowel with the tongue positioned closer to the roof of the mouth.
raise: To increase the nominal value of (a cheque, money order, etc.) by fraudulently changing the writing or printing in which the sum payable is specified.
raise: To instantiate and transmit (an exception, by throwing it, or an event).
raise: To open, initiate.
specs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spec
hover: To keep (something, such as an aircraft) in a stationary state in the air.
hover: Of a bird: to shelter (chicks) under its body and wings; (by extension) of a thing: to cover or surround (something).
hover: Of a bird or insect: to flap (its wings) so it can remain stationary in the air.
hover: To remain stationary or float in the air.
hover: Sometimes followed by over: to hang around or linger in a place, especially in an uncertain manner.
hover: To be indecisive or uncertain; to vacillate, to waver.
hover: Chiefly followed by over: to use a mouse or other device to place a cursor over something on a screen such as a hyperlink or icon without clicking, so as to produce a result (such as the appearance of a tooltip).
hover: To travel in a hovercraft as it moves above a water surface.
madam: To address as "madam".
elect: To choose or make a decision (to do something)
elect: To choose (a candidate) in an election
enter: To go or come into an enclosed or partially enclosed space.
enter: To cause to go (into), or to be received (into); to put in; to insert; to cause to be admitted.
enter: To go or come into (a state or profession).
enter: To type (something) into a computer; to input.
enter: To record (something) in an account, ledger, etc.
enter: To become a party to an agreement, treaty, etc.
enter: To become effective; to come into effect.
enter: To go into or upon, as lands, and take actual possession of them.
enter: To place in regular form before the court, usually in writing; to put upon record in proper from and order
enter: To make report of (a vessel or its cargo) at the custom house; to submit a statement of (imported goods), with the original invoices, to the proper customs officer for estimating the duties. See entry.
enter: To file, or register with the land office, the required particulars concerning (a quantity of public land) in order to entitle a person to a right of preemption.
enter: To deposit for copyright the title or description of (a book, picture, map, etc.).
enter: To initiate; to introduce favourably.
baked: simple past and past participle of bake
scuba: To perform scuba diving.
saint: Synonym of canonize: to honor, formally name, or revere as a saint.
dread: To fear greatly.
dread: To anticipate with fear.
dread: To be in dread, or great fear.
dread: To style (the hair) into dreadlocks.
girth: To bind as if with a girth or band.
trant: To walk; go about.
trant: To traffic in an itinerant manner; to peddle.
trant: To turn; play a trick.
trike: To tricycle; to travel by tricycle.
plait: To fold; to double in narrow folds; to pleat
plait: To interweave the strands or locks of; to braid
phial: To keep or put (something, especially a liquid) in, or as if in, a phial.
quire: To prepare quires by stitching together leaves of paper.
quire: To sing in concert.
pleat: To form one or more pleats in a piece of fabric or a garment.
pleat: To plait.
agist: To take to graze or pasture, at a certain sum; used originally of the feeding of cattle in the king's forests, and collecting the money for the same.
agist: To charge lands etc. with any public burden.
parse: To resolve (a sentence, etc.) into its elements, pointing out the several parts of speech, and their relation to each other by agreement or government; to analyze and describe grammatically.
parse: To examine closely; to scrutinize.
parse: To split (a file or other input) into pieces of data that can be easily manipulated or stored.
parse: To resolve (a string of code or text) into its elements to determine if it conforms to a particular grammar.
parse: Of a string of code or text, sentence, etc.: to conform to rules of grammar, to be syntactically valid.
dough: To make into dough.
awarn: To warn.
parch: To burn the surface of, to scorch.
parch: To roast, as dry grain.
parch: To dry to extremity; to shrivel with heat.
parch: To make very thirsty.
parch: To boil something slowly (Still used in Lancashire in parched peas, a type of mushy peas).
parch: To become superficially burnt; to become sunburned.
awing: present participle and gerund of awe
avale: To cause to descend; to lower; to let fall
avale: To bring low; to abase.
avale: To descend; to fall; to dismount.
plaid: simple past and past participle of play
await: To wait for.
await: To expect.
await: To be in store for; to be ready or in waiting for.
await: To serve or attend; to wait on, wait upon.
await: To watch, observe.
await: To wait; to stay in waiting.
quell: To subdue, put down, or silence (someone or something); to force (someone) to submit.
quell: To suppress, to put an end to (something); to extinguish.
quell: To kill.
quell: To be subdued or abated; to diminish.
quell: To die.
avile: To abase or debase; to vilify; to depreciate.
bilge: To spring a leak in the bilge.
bilge: To bulge or swell.
bilge: To break open the bilge(s) of.
avise: Obsolete spelling of advise
phase: To begin—if construed with "in"—or to discontinue—if construed with out—(doing) something over a period of time (i.e. in phases).
phase: To determine haplotypes in (data) when genotypes are known.
phase: To pass into or through a solid object.
phase: To use a phaser.
phase: Antique form of faze.
libel: To defame (someone), especially in a manner that meets the legal definition of libel.
libel: To proceed against (goods, a ship, etc.) by filing a libel claim.
onset: To assault; to set upon.
onset: To set about; to begin.
virus: To send or infect an electronic device with a computer virus.
bosom: To enclose or carry in the bosom; to keep with care; to take to heart; to cherish.
bosom: To conceal; to hide from view; to embosom.
bosom: To belly; to billow, swell or bulge.
bosom: To belly; to cause to billow, swell or bulge.
brand: To burn the flesh with a hot iron, either as a marker (for criminals, slaves etc.) or to cauterise a wound.
brand: To mark (especially cattle) with a brand as proof of ownership.
brand: To make an indelible impression on the memory or senses.
brand: To stigmatize, label (someone).
brand: To associate a product or service with a trademark or other name and related images.
brand: To be very hot, to burn.
spite: To treat maliciously; to try to hurt or thwart.
spite: To be angry at; to hate.
spite: To fill with spite; to offend; to vex.
trans: To cause to cross from one side to another of (gender, sex or similar).
trans: To render (someone) transgender.
trans: To become transgender.
avert: To turn aside or away.
avert: To ward off, or prevent, the occurrence or effects of.
avert: To turn away.
nerve: To give courage.
nerve: To give strength; to supply energy or vigour.
avoid: To try not to meet or communicate with (a person); to shun
avoid: To stay out of the way of (something harmful).
avoid: to keep away from; to keep clear of; to stay away from
avoid: To try not to do something or to have something happen
avoid: To make empty; to clear.
avoid: To make void, to annul; to refute (especially a contract).
avoid: To defeat or evade; to invalidate.
avoid: To emit or throw out; to void.
avoid: To leave, evacuate; to leave as empty, to withdraw or come away from.
avoid: To get rid of.
avoid: To retire; to withdraw, depart, go away.
avoid: To become void or vacant.
avail: To turn to the advantage of.
avail: To be of service to.
avail: To promote; to assist.
avail: To be of use or advantage; to answer or serve the purpose; to have strength, force, or efficacy sufficient to accomplish the object.
avail: To provide; to make available; to use or take advantage of (an opportunity or available resource).
squab: To fall plump; to strike at one dash, or with a heavy stroke.
squab: To furnish with squabs, or cushions.
squab: To stuff thickly and sew through, the stitches being concealed by buttons, etc.
mates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mate
paste: To stick with paste; to cause to adhere by or as if by paste.
paste: To insert a piece of media (e.g. text, picture, audio, video) previously copied or cut from somewhere else.
paste: To strike or beat someone or something.
paste: To defeat decisively or by a large margin.
maths: third-person singular simple present indicative of math
siege: To assault or blockade a city or fortress with the intent of conquering by force or attrition; to besiege.
press: To exert weight or force against, to act upon with force or weight; to exert pressure upon.
press: To activate a button or key by exerting a downward or forward force on it, and then releasing it.
press: To compress, squeeze.
press: To clasp, hold in an embrace.
press: To reduce to a particular shape or form by pressure, especially flatten or smooth.
press: To flatten a selected area of fabric using an iron with an up-and-down, not sliding, motion, so as to avoid disturbing adjacent areas.
press: To drive or thrust by pressure, to force in a certain direction.
press: To weigh upon, oppress, trouble.
press: To force to a certain end or result; to urge strongly.
press: To try to force (something upon someone).
press: To hasten, urge onward.
press: To urge, beseech, entreat.
press: To lay stress upon.
press: To throng, crowd.
press: To print.
press: To force into service, particularly into naval service.
patch: To mend by sewing on a piece or pieces of cloth, leather, or the like
patch: To mend with pieces; to repair by fastening pieces on.
patch: To make out of pieces or patches, like a quilt.
patch: To join or unite the pieces of; to patch the skirt.
patch: To employ a temporary, removable electronic connection, as one between two components in a communications system.
patch: To repair or arrange in a hasty or clumsy manner
patch: To make the changes a patch describes; to apply a patch to the files in question. Hence:
patch: To fix or improve a computer program without a complete upgrade.
patch: To make the changes a patch describes; to apply a patch to the files in question. Hence:
patch: To make a quick and possibly temporary change to a program.
patch: To connect two pieces of electrical equipment using a cable.
pique: To wound the pride of (someone); to excite to anger; to irritate, to offend.
pique: To excite (someone) to action, especially by causing jealousy, resentment, etc.; also, to stimulate (an emotion or feeling, especially curiosity or interest).
pique: To pride (oneself) on something.
pique: To excite or stimulate (oneself).
pique: To take pride in.
pique: To excite to action, especially by causing jealousy, resentment, etc.; also, to stimulate an emotion or feeling, especially curiosity or interest.
pique: To express jealousy, resentment, etc. at someone; to become angry or annoyed.
pique: To score a pique against (someone).
story: To tell as a story; to relate or narrate about.
story: To post a story (chronological collection of pictures or short videos) on an application or website.
award: To determine; to make or grant an award.
award: To give (an award).
award: To give (a person) an award.
award: To give by sentence or judicial determination; to assign or apportion, after careful regard to the nature of the case.
clown: To act in a silly or playful fashion.
clown: To ridicule.
bairn: To make pregnant.
chimp: To review each image on a digital camera after it is taken.
chimp: To get very excited when showing images on a digital camera.
chimp: Clipping of chimp out.
pease: To make peace between (conflicting people, states etc.); to reconcile.
pease: To bring (a war, conflict) to an end.
pease: To placate, appease (someone).
burke: To murder by suffocation.
burke: To murder for the same purpose as Burke, to kill in order to have a body to sell to anatomists, surgeons, etc.
burke: To smother; to conceal, hush up, suppress.
sysop: To work as a sysop.
sysop: To give someone sysop privileges.
scant: To limit in amount or share; to stint.
scant: To fail, or become less; to scantle.
sirup: Dated form of syrup.
trist: To trust, have faith in.
barge: To intrude or break through, particularly in an unwelcome or clumsy manner.
barge: To push someone.
nappy: To put a nappy on.
sauna: To use a sauna.
block: To fill or obstruct (something) so that it is not possible to pass.
block: To prevent (something or someone) from passing.
block: To prevent (something from happening or someone from doing something).
block: To impede (an opponent or opponent's play).
block: To specify the positions and movements of the actors for (a section of a play or film).
block: To hit with a block.
block: To play a block shot.
block: To bar (a person or bot, etc.) from connecting via telephone, instant messaging, etc., or from accessing an online account or service, or similar.
block: To bar (a message or communication), or bar connection with (an online account or service, a designated telephone number, IP address, etc.).
block: To wait for some condition to become true.
block: To stretch or mould (a knitted item, a hat, etc.) into the desired shape.
block: To shape or sketch out roughly.
block: To experience mental block or creative block.
block: To knock the hat of (a person) down over their eyes.
whack: To hit, slap or strike.
whack: To kill, bump off.
whack: To share or parcel out (often with up).
whack: To beat convincingly; to thrash.
whack: To surpass; to better.
finch: To hunt for finches, to go finching.
clone: To create a clone of.
fancy: To appreciate without jealousy or greed.
fancy: Would like; have a desire for.
fancy: To be sexually attracted to.
fancy: To imagine, suppose.
fancy: To form a conception of; to portray in the mind.
fancy: To have a fancy for; to like; to be pleased with, particularly on account of external appearance or manners.
fancy: To breed (animals) as a hobby.
place: To put (an object or person) in a specific location.
place: To earn a given spot in a competition.
place: To earn a given spot in a competition.
place: To finish second, especially of horses or dogs.
place: To rank at (a certain position, often followed by an ordinal) as in a horse race.
place: To remember where and when (an object or person) has been previously encountered.
place: To sing (a note) with the correct pitch.
place: To arrange for or to make (a bet).
place: To establish a call (connection by telephone or similar).
place: To recruit or match an appropriate person for a job, or a home for an animal for adoption, etc.
place: To place-kick (a goal).
spake: simple past of speak
wench: To frequent prostitutes; to whore; also, to womanize.
skink: To serve (a drink).
skink: To give (something) as a present.
waive: To relinquish (a right etc.); to give up claim to; to forgo.
waive: To relinquish (a right etc.); to give up claim to; to forgo.
waive: To relinquish claim on a payment or fee which would otherwise be due.
waive: To put aside, avoid.
waive: To outlaw (someone).
waive: To abandon, give up (someone or something).
waive: To move from side to side; to sway.
waive: To stray, wander.
yoink: To make a yoink sound.
yoink: To hop or bounce.
yoink: nonce word for an action that impacts on something, especially if it is sudden.
yoink: To kill.
yoink: To yank or snatch.
yoink: To steal.
yoink: To take or win (something that others want).
proof: To proofread.
proof: To make resistant, especially to water.
proof: To test-fire with a load considerably more powerful than the firearm in question's rated maximum chamber pressure, in order to establish the firearm's ability to withstand pressures well in excess of those expected in service without bursting.
proof: To allow yeast-containing dough to rise.
proof: To test the activeness of yeast.
speck: To mark with specks; to speckle.
usurp: To seize power from another, usually by illegitimate means.
usurp: To use and assume the coat of arms of another person.
usurp: To take the place rightfully belonging to someone or something else.
usurp: To make use of.
chase: To pursue.
chase: To follow at speed.
chase: To pursue.
chase: To hunt.
chase: To pursue.
chase: To seek to attain.
chase: To pursue.
chase: To persistently pursue someone as a sexual or romantic partner.
chase: To pursue.
chase: To pursue a vessel in order to destroy, capture or interrogate her.
chase: To consume another beverage immediately after drinking hard liquor, typically something better tasting or less harsh such as soda or beer; to use a drink as a chaser.
chase: To attempt to win by scoring the required number of runs in the final innings.
chase: To swing at a pitch outside of the strike zone, typically an outside pitch.
chase: To produce enough offense to cause the pitcher to be removed.
chase: To groove; indent.
chase: To place piping or wiring in a groove encased within a wall or floor, or in a hidden space encased by a wall.
chase: To cut (the thread of a screw).
chase: To decorate (metal) by engraving or embossing.
stake: To fasten, support, defend, or delineate with stakes.
stake: To pierce or wound with a stake.
stake: To put at risk upon success in competition, or upon a future contingency.
stake: To provide (another) with money in order to engage in an activity as betting or a business venture.
stake: To deposit and risk a considerable amount of cryptocurrency in order to participate in the proof of stake process of verification.
foxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fox
scare: To frighten, terrify, startle, especially in a minor way.
swish: To make a rustling sound while moving.
swish: To flourish with a swishing sound.
swish: To flog; to lash.
swish: To make a successful basketball shot that does not touch the rim or backboard.
swish: To mince or otherwise to behave in an effeminate manner.
swish: To cause a liquid to move around in a container, or in one's mouth.
crane: To extend (one's neck).
crane: To raise or lower with, or as if with, a crane.
crane: To pull up before a jump.
froth: To create froth in (a liquid).
froth: (of a liquid) To bubble.
froth: To spit, vent, or eject, as froth.
froth: (literally) To spew saliva as froth; (figuratively) to rage, vent one's anger.
froth: To cover with froth.
verse: To compose verses.
verse: To tell in verse, or poetry.
verse: to educate about, to teach about.
verse: To oppose, to compete against, especially in a video game.
favor: To look upon fondly; to prefer.
favor: To use more often.
favor: To encourage, conduce to
favor: To do a favor [noun sense 1] for; to show beneficence toward.
favor: To treat with care.
favor: To resemble; especially, to look like (another person).
bogan: To act like a bogan.
range: To travel over (an area, etc); to roam, wander.
range: To rove over or through.
range: To exercise the power of something over something else; to cause to submit to, over.
range: To bring (something) into a specified position or relationship (especially, of opposition) with something else.
range: Of a variable, to be able to take any of the values in a specified range.
range: To classify.
range: To form a line or a row.
range: To be placed in order; to be ranked; to admit of arrangement or classification; to rank.
range: To set in a row, or in rows; to place in a regular line or lines, or in ranks; to dispose in the proper order.
range: To place among others in a line, row, or order, as in the ranks of an army; usually, reflexively and figuratively, to espouse a cause, to join a party, etc.
range: To be native to, or live in, a certain district or region.
range: To determine the range to a target.
range: To sail or pass in a direction parallel to or near.
range: Of a player, to travel a significant distance for a defensive play.
pouch: To enclose within a pouch.
pouch: To transport within a pouch, especially a diplomatic pouch.
pouch: To swallow.
pouch: To pout.
pouch: To pocket; to put up with.
cheat: To violate rules in order to gain, or attempt to gain, advantage from a situation.
cheat: To be unfaithful to one's spouse or partner; to commit adultery, or to engage in sexual or romantic conduct with a person other than one's partner in contravention of the rules of society or agreement in the relationship.
cheat: To avoid a seemingly inevitable thing.
cheat: To deceive; to fool; to trick.
cheat: To disregard self-imposed restrictions or commitments in favour of resting or indulging oneself.
fudge: To try to avoid giving a direct answer.
fudge: To alter something from its true state, as to hide a flaw or uncertainty, deliberately but not necessarily dishonestly or immorally.
fudge: To botch or bungle something.
fudge: To cheat, especially in the game of marbles.
glove: To catch the ball in a baseball mitt.
glove: To put a glove or gloves on.
glove: To touch a delivery with one's glove while the gloved hand is on the bat. Under the rules of cricket, the batsman is deemed to have hit the ball.
disco: To dance disco-style dances.
disco: To go to discotheques.
flout: To express contempt for (laws, rules, etc.) by word or action.
flout: To scorn.
scrap: To discard; to get rid of.
scrap: To stop working on indefinitely.
scrap: To scrapbook; to create scrapbooks.
scrap: To dispose of at a scrapyard.
scrap: To make into scrap.
scrap: to fight
grave: To dig.
grave: To carve or cut, as letters or figures, on some hard substance; to engrave.
grave: To carve out or give shape to, by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture.
grave: To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly.
grave: To entomb; to bury.
grave: To write or delineate on hard substances, by means of incised lines; to practice engraving.
grave: To clean, as a vessel's bottom, of barnacles, grass, etc., and pay it over with pitch — so called because graves or greaves was formerly used for this purpose.
gypsy: To roam around the country like a gypsy.
gypsy: To perform the gypsy step in contra dancing.
tabor: To make (a sound) with a tabor.
tabor: To strike lightly and frequently.
wrist: to hit a wrist shot
solve: To find an answer or solution to a problem or question; to work out.
solve: to find out the perpetrator, the motive etc (of crime)
solve: To find the values of variables that satisfy a system of equations and/or inequalities.
solve: To algebraically manipulate an equation or inequality into a form that isolates a chosen variable on one side, so that the other side consists of an expression that may be used to generate solutions.
solve: To loosen or separate the parts of.
solve: To loosen or separate the parts of.
solve: To dissolve
store: To keep (something) while not in use, generally in a place meant for that purpose.
store: Contain.
store: Have the capacity and capability to contain.
store: To write (something) into memory or registers.
store: To stock, to fill (a container, repository, etc.) with things.
harsh: To negatively criticize.
harsh: To put a damper on (a mood).
frame: To fit, as for a specific end or purpose; make suitable or comfortable; adapt; adjust.
frame: To construct by fitting together or uniting various parts; fabricate by union of constituent parts.
frame: To bring or put into form or order; adjust the parts or elements of; compose; contrive; plan; devise.
frame: Of a constructed object such as a building, to put together the structural elements.
frame: Of a picture such as a painting or photograph, to place inside a decorative border.
frame: To position visually within a fixed boundary.
frame: To construct in words so as to establish a context for understanding or interpretation.
frame: Conspire to falsely incriminate a presumably innocent person. See frameup.
frame: To wash ore with the aid of a frame.
frame: To move.
frame: To proceed; to go.
frame: To hit (the ball) with the frame of the racquet rather than the strings (normally a mishit).
frame: To strengthen; refresh; support.
frame: To execute; perform.
frame: To cause; to bring about; to produce.
frame: To profit; avail.
frame: To fit; accord.
frame: To succeed in doing or trying to do something; manage.
shade: To shield (someone or something) from light.
shade: To shield oneself from light.
shade: To alter slightly.
shade: To vary or approach something slightly, particularly in color.
shade: To move slightly from one's normal fielding position.
shade: To darken, particularly in drawing.
shade: To surpass by a narrow margin.
shade: To reduce (a window) so that only its title bar is visible.
shade: To throw shade, to subtly insult someone.
shade: To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen.
shade: To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent.
twist: To turn the ends of something, usually thread, rope etc., in opposite directions, often using force.
twist: To join together by twining one part around another.
twist: To contort; to writhe; to complicate; to crook spirally; to convolve.
twist: To wreathe; to wind; to encircle; to unite by intertexture of parts.
twist: To wind into; to insinuate.
twist: To turn a knob etc.
twist: To distort or change the truth or meaning of words when repeating.
twist: To form a twist (in any of the above noun meanings).
twist: To injure (a body part) by bending it in the wrong direction.
twist: To wind; to follow a bendy or wavy course; to have many bends.
twist: To cause to rotate.
twist: To dance the twist (a type of dance characterised by twisting one's hips).
twist: To coax.
twist: In the game of blackjack (pontoon or twenty-one), to be dealt another card.
demob: To demobilize; to release someone from military service.
delay: To put off until a later time; to defer.
delay: To retard; to stop, detain, or hinder, for a time.
delay: To allay; to temper.
delay: To dilute, temper.
delay: To assuage, quench, allay.
slope: To tend steadily upward or downward.
slope: To form with a slope; to give an oblique or slanting direction to; to incline or slant.
slope: To try to move surreptitiously.
slope: To hold a rifle at a slope with forearm perpendicular to the body in front holding the butt, the rifle resting on the shoulder.
smash: To break (something brittle) violently.
smash: To be destroyed by being smashed.
smash: To hit extremely hard.
smash: To ruin completely and suddenly.
smash: To defeat overwhelmingly; to gain a comprehensive success over.
smash: To deform through continuous pressure.
smash: To have sexual intercourse with.
smash: Synonym of go to smash (“to go to ruin; to fail disastrously”)
smash: To pass counterfeit money.
shite: To defecate.
cords: third-person singular simple present indicative of cord
blast: To make an impression on, by making a loud blast or din.
blast: To make a loud noise.
blast: To play (music) very loudly out of a speaker.
blast: To shatter, as if by an explosion.
blast: To open up a hole in, usually by means of a sudden and imprecise method (such as an explosion).
blast: To curse; to damn.
blast: To shoot, especially with an energy weapon (as opposed to one which fires projectiles).
blast: To shoot; kick the ball in hope of scoring a goal.
blast: To criticize or reprimand severely; to verbally discipline or punish.
blast: To bring destruction or ruin on; to destroy.
blast: To blight or wither.
blast: To be blighted or withered.
blast: To blow, for example on a trumpet.
blast: To have a period of full dosage of PEDs as opposed to reducing them during a cruise period.
blast: To run a nucleotide sequence (for nucleic acids) or an amino acid sequence (for proteins) through a BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool).
grope: To feel with or use the hands; to handle.
grope: To search or attempt to find something in the dark, or, as a blind person, by feeling; to move about hesitatingly, as in darkness or obscurity; to feel one's way, as with the hands, when one can not see.
grope: To touch (another person) closely and (especially) sexually.
grope: To intentionally and inappropriately touch or rub against another person, in such a manner as to make the contact appear accidental, for the purpose of one's sexual gratification.
grope: To examine; to test; to sound.
shame: To cause to feel shame.
shame: To cover with reproach or ignominy; to dishonor; to disgrace.
shame: To denounce as having done something shameful; to criticize with the intent or effect of causing a feeling of shame.
shame: To drive or compel by shame.
shame: To feel shame, be ashamed.
shame: To mock at; to deride.
cruck: To make lame.
thack: To strike or thump (someone or something); to thwack.
thack: To cover a roof with thack.
fiend: To yearn; to be desperate (for something, especially drugs).
fever: To put into a fever; to affect with fever.
fever: To become fevered.
bloom: To cause to blossom; to make flourish.
bloom: To bestow a bloom upon; to make blooming or radiant.
bloom: Of a plant, to produce blooms; to open its blooms.
bloom: Of a person, business, etc, to flourish; to be in a state of healthful, growing youth and vigour; to show beauty and freshness.
bloom: To bring out the flavor of a spice by cooking it in oil.
bloom: To develop a layer of bloom (white, spotty areas of cocoa butter) due to repeated warming and cooling.
ninja: To act or move like a ninja, particularly with regard to a combination of speed, power, and stealth.
ninja: Synonym of preempt: to supersede and invalidate a response by posting immediately before it.
ninja: To claim an item through abuse of game mechanics.
clout: To hit, especially with the fist.
clout: To cover with cloth, leather, or other material; to bandage, patch, or mend with a clout.
clout: To stud with nails, as a timber, or a boot sole.
clout: To guard with an iron plate, as an axletree.
clout: To join or patch clumsily.
clout: Dated form of clot.
elute: To separate one substance from another by means of a solvent; to wash; to cleanse.
clove: simple past of cleave
cleft: To syntactically separate a prominent constituent from the rest of the clause that concerns it, such as threat in "The threat which I saw but which he didn't see, was his downfall."
cleft: simple past and past participle of cleave
visor: To cover with, or as if with, a visor.
daddy: To father; to sire.
laden: past participle of lade
purse: To press (one's lips) in and together so that they protrude.
purse: To draw up or contract into folds or wrinkles; to pucker; to knit.
purse: To put into a purse.
purse: To steal purses; to rob.
shewn: past participle of shew
scarf: To throw on loosely; to put on like a scarf.
scarf: To dress with a scarf, or as with a scarf; to cover with a loose wrapping.
scarf: To shape by grinding.
scarf: To form a scarf on the end or edge of, as for a joint in timber, forming a "V" groove for welding adjacent metal plates, metal rods, etc.
scarf: To unite, as two pieces of timber or metal, by a scarf joint.
scarf: To eat very quickly.
stamp: To step quickly and heavily, once or repeatedly.
stamp: To move (the foot or feet) quickly and heavily, once or repeatedly.
stamp: To strike, beat, or press forcibly with the bottom of the foot, or by thrusting the foot downward.
stamp: To mark by pressing quickly and heavily.
stamp: To give an official marking to, generally by impressing or imprinting a design or symbol.
stamp: To apply postage stamps to.
stamp: To mark; to impress.
manse: To excommunicate; curse.
bever: To tremble; shake; quiver; shiver.
bever: To take a light repast between meals.
ingot: To form (scraps of metal) into ingots.
mixed: simple past and past participle of mix
prose: To write or repeat in a dull, tedious, or prosy way.
yabby: To search, forage, or fish for yabbies.
yabby: To show disrespect by denouncing or insulting; to diss.
imbue: To wet or stain an object completely with some physical quality.
imbue: In general, to act in a way which results in an object becoming completely permeated or impregnated by some quality.
rumba: To dance the rumba.
sheaf: To gather and bind into a sheaf; to make into sheaves
sheaf: To collect and bind cut grain, or the like; to make sheaves.
layer: To cut or divide into layers.
layer: To arrange in layers.
worse: To make worse; to put at disadvantage; to discomfit.
blimp: To expand like a blimp or balloon; to become fat.
blimp: To fit (a video camera) with a soundproof cover.
straw: To lay straw around plants to protect them from frost.
straw: To sell straws on the streets in order to cover the giving to the purchaser of things usually banned, such as pornography.
unite: To bring together as one.
unite: To come together as one.
haver: To hem and haw.
haver: To talk foolishly; to chatter.
kudos: To give praise or accolades.
kudos: third-person singular simple present indicative of kudo
warez: To obtain a copy of (software or other works of authorship) illegally.
yakka: To work.
tight: To tighten.
basil: To grind the edge of a tool to an acute angle.
infix: To set; to fasten or fix by piercing or thrusting in.
infix: To instill.
infix: To insert a morpheme inside an existing word.
trick: To fool; to cause to believe something untrue; to deceive.
trick: To draw (as contrasted with to blazon, which is to describe in words).
trick: To dress; to decorate; to adorn fantastically; often followed by up, off, or out.
trick: To engage in prostitution or casual sex.
style: To design, fashion, make, or arrange in a certain way or form (style)
style: To call or give a name or title to.
style: To create for, or give to, someone a style, fashion, or image, particularly one which is regarded as attractive, tasteful, or trendy.
style: To act in a way which seeks to show that one possesses style.
spark: To trigger, kindle into activity (an argument, etc).
spark: To light; to kindle.
spark: To shoot; to fire
spark: To give off a spark or sparks.
spark: To woo, court; to act the gallant or beau.
havoc: To pillage.
havoc: To cause havoc.
prank: To perform a practical joke on; to trick.
prank: To call someone's phone and promptly hang up
prank: To adorn in a showy manner; to dress or equip ostentatiously.
prank: To make an ostentatious show.
joint: To unite by a joint or joints; to fit together; to prepare so as to fit together
joint: To join; to connect; to unite; to combine.
joint: To provide with a joint or joints; to articulate.
joint: To separate the joints; of; to divide at the joint or joints; to disjoint; to cut up into joints, as meat.
joint: To fit as if by joints; to coalesce as joints do.
limit: To restrict; not to allow to go beyond a certain bound, to set boundaries.
limit: To have a limit in a particular set.
limit: To beg, or to exercise functions, within a certain limited region.
enact: To make (a bill) into law.
enact: To act the part of; to play.
enact: To do; to effect.
titre: To determine a titre, especially by titration
lance: To pierce with a lance, or with any similar weapon.
lance: To open with a lancet; to pierce.
lance: To throw in the manner of a lance; to lanch.
cyber: To engage in cybersex.
click: To cause to make a click; to operate (a switch, etc) so that it makes a click.
click: To emit a click.
click: To snap the fingers.
click: To press and release (a button on a computer mouse).
click: To select a software item using, usually, but not always, the pressing of a mouse button.
click: To visit (a web site).
click: To navigate by clicking a mouse button.
click: To make sense suddenly.
click: To get along well.
click: To tick.
click: To take (a photograph) with a camera.
click: To achieve success in one's career or a breakthrough, often the first time.
click: Of a film, to be successful at the box office.
click: To snatch.
click: Misspelling of clique.
exist: to be; have existence; have being or reality
relax: To calm down.
relax: To make something loose.
relax: To become loose.
relax: To make something less severe or tense.
relax: To become less severe or tense.
relax: To make something (such as codes and regulations) more lenient.
relax: To become more lenient.
relax: To relieve (something) from stress.
relax: To relieve from constipation; to loosen; to open.
blitz: To attack quickly or suddenly, as by an air raid or similar action.
blitz: To perform a blitz.
blitz: To purée or chop (food products) using a food processor or blender.
blitz: To do something quickly or in one session.
wreck: To destroy violently; to cause severe damage to something, to a point where it no longer works, or is useless.
wreck: To ruin or dilapidate.
wreck: To plunder goods from wrecked ships.
wreck: To dismantle wrecked vehicles or other objects, to reclaim any useful parts.
wreck: To involve in a wreck; hence, to cause to suffer ruin; to balk of success, and bring disaster on.
wreck: To be involved in a wreck; to be damaged or destroyed.
lynch: To execute (somebody) without a proper legal trial or procedure, especially by hanging and backed by a mob.
scorn: To feel or display contempt or disdain for something or somebody; to despise.
scorn: To reject, turn down.
scorn: To refuse to do something, as beneath oneself.
scorn: To scoff, to express contempt.
willy: To cleanse wool or cotton, etc. with a willy, or willow.
dwarf: To render (much) smaller, turn into a dwarf (version).
dwarf: To make appear (much) smaller, puny, tiny.
dwarf: To make appear insignificant.
dwarf: To become (much) smaller.
dwarf: To hinder from growing to the natural size; to make or keep small; to stunt.
curls: third-person singular simple present indicative of curl
sight: To see; to get sight of (something); to register visually.
sight: To see; to get sight of (something); to register visually.
sight: To observe though, or as if through, a sight, to check the elevation, direction, levelness, or other characteristics of, especially when surveying or navigating.
sight: To apply sights to; to adjust the sights of.
sight: To observe or aim (at something) using a (gun) sight.
level: To adjust so as to make as flat or perpendicular to the ground as possible.
level: To destroy by reducing to ground level; to raze.
level: To progress to the next level.
level: To aim or direct (a weapon, a stare, an accusation, etc).
level: To direct or impose (a penalty, fine, etc) at or upon (someone).
level: To make the score of a game equal.
level: To bring to a common level or plane, in respect of rank, condition, character, privilege, etc.
level: To adjust or adapt to a certain level.
level: To speak honestly and openly with.
armed: simple past and past participle of arm
claim: To demand ownership of.
claim: To state a new fact, typically without providing evidence to prove it is true.
claim: To demand ownership or right to use for land.
claim: To demand compensation or damages through the courts.
claim: To be entitled to anything; to deduce a right or title; to have a claim.
claim: To cause the loss of.
claim: To win as a prize in a sport or competition.
claim: To proclaim.
claim: To call or name.
roger: To acknowledge by saying "roger".
roger: Of a man, to have sexual intercourse with (someone), especially in a rough manner.
roger: To have sexual intercourse.
extol: To praise; to make high.
hongi: To perform the Maori greeting of touching noses.
mommy: To treat someone like a mother would; to mother someone.
aggro: To become aggressive towards the player's character.
aggro: To cause (a non-player character) to become aggressive towards the player's character.
sally: To make a sudden attack (e.g. on an enemy from a defended position).
sally: To set out on an excursion; venture; depart (often followed by "forth.")
sally: To venture off the beaten path.
chide: To admonish in blame; to reproach angrily.
chide: To utter words of disapprobation and displeasure; to find fault; to contend angrily.
chide: To make a clamorous noise; to chafe.
crave: To desire strongly, so as to satisfy an appetite; to long or yearn for.
crave: To ask for earnestly; to beg; to claim.
crave: To call for; to require as a course of action.
carve: To cut.
carve: To cut meat in order to serve it.
carve: To shape to sculptural effect; to produce (a work) by cutting, or to cut (a material) into a finished work, especially with cuts that are curved rather than only straight slices.
carve: To perform a series of turns without pivoting, so that the tip and tail of the snowboard take the same path.
carve: To take or make, as by cutting; to provide.
carve: To lay out; to contrive; to design; to plan.
melee: To physically hit in close quarters, as opposed to shooting, blowing up, or other ranged means of damage. Often refers to the usage of a hand-to-hand weapon.
panel: To enter (jury members) on an official list of jurors; to empanel.
panel: To fit (an animal, especially a mule or ass) with a panel or simple padded saddle.
panel: To fit (a room etc.) with panels.
cavil: To criticise for petty or frivolous reasons.
cinch: To bring to certain conclusion.
cinch: To tighten down.
cinch: In the game of cinch, to protect (a trick) by playing a higher trump than the five.
admix: To mingle with something else; to mix.
peril: To cause to be in danger; to imperil; to risk.
basks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bask
decry: To denounce as harmful.
decry: To blame for ills.
blats: third-person singular simple present indicative of blat
cloak: To cover as with or like a cloak.
cloak: To cover up, hide or conceal.
cloak: To render or become invisible via futuristic technology.
avers: third-person singular simple present indicative of aver
dance: To move with rhythmic steps or movements, especially in time to music.
dance: To leap or move lightly and rapidly.
dance: To perform the steps to.
dance: To cause to dance, or move nimbly or merrily about.
dance: To make love or have sex.
dance: To make a repetitive movement in order to communicate to other worker honey bees.
dance: To kick and convulse from the effects of being hanged.
bedim: To make dim; to obscure or darken.
bated: simple past and past participle of bate
model: to display for others to see, especially in regard to wearing clothing while performing the role of a fashion model
model: to use as an object in the creation of a forecast or model
model: to make a miniature model of
model: to create from a substance such as clay
model: to make a model or models
model: to work as a model in art or fashion
ceils: third-person singular simple present indicative of ceil
bloop: To blow air bubbles or audibly slosh about in water.
bloop: To make a hit just beyond the infield.
bloop: To produce a low-pitched beeping sound.
bloop: To cover up splices in a soundtrack tape to eliminate the unwanted noise they may produce.
bates: third-person singular simple present indicative of bate
chaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of chaw
addle: To earn, earn by labor; earn money or one's living.
addle: To thrive or grow; to ripen.
addle: To make addle; to grow addle; to muddle.
addle: To cause fertilised eggs to lose viability, by killing the developing embryo within through shaking, piercing, freezing or oiling, without breaking the shell.
lodge: To be firmly fixed in a specified position.
lodge: To firmly fix in a specified position.
lodge: To stay in a boarding-house, paying rent to the resident landlord or landlady.
lodge: To stay in any place or shelter.
lodge: To drive (an animal) to covert.
lodge: To supply with a room or place to sleep in for a time.
lodge: To put money, jewellery, or other valuables for safety.
lodge: To place (a statement, etc.) with the proper authorities (such as courts, etc.).
lodge: To become flattened, as grass or grain, when overgrown or beaten down by the wind.
lodge: To cause to flatten, as grass or grain.
conns: third-person singular simple present indicative of conn
coved: simple past and past participle of cove
coked: simple past and past participle of coke
atone: To make reparation, compensation, amends or satisfaction for an offence, crime, mistake or deficiency.
atone: To bring at one or at concordance; to reconcile; to suffer appeasement.
atone: To agree or accord; to be in accordance or harmony.
atone: To unite in making.
atone: To absolve (someone else) of wrongdoing, especially by standing as an equivalent.
coyed: simple past and past participle of coy
coxed: simple past and past participle of cox
cedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cede
bandy: To give and receive reciprocally; to exchange.
bandy: To use or pass about casually.
bandy: To throw or strike reciprocally, like balls in sports.
bandy: To fight (with or against someone).
amble: To stroll or walk slowly and leisurely.
amble: Of a quadruped: to move along by using both legs on one side, and then the other.
blunt: To dull the edge or point of, by making it thicker; to make blunt.
blunt: To repress or weaken; to impair the force, keenness, or susceptibility, of
borax: To treat with borax.
degum: To remove gum from.
culls: third-person singular simple present indicative of cull
befog: To envelop in fog or smoke.
befog: To confuse, mystify (a person); to make less acute or perceptive, to cloud (a person’s faculties).
befog: To obscure, make less clear (a subject, issue, etc.).
decay: To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.
decay: To undergo bit rot, that is, gradual degradation.
decay: To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.
decay: To undergo software rot, that is, to fail to be updated in a changing environment, so as to eventually become legacy or obsolete.
decay: To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.
decay: To undergo prolonged reduction in altitude (above the orbited body).
decay: To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.
decay: To rot, to go bad.
decay: To change by undergoing fission, by emitting radiation, or by capturing or losing one or more electrons; to undergo radioactive decay.
decay: To undergo optical decay, that is, to relax to a less excited state, usually by emitting a photon or phonon.
decay: Loss of airspeed due to drag.
decay: To cause to rot or deteriorate.
decay: Of an array: to lose its type and dimensions and be reduced to a pointer, for example when passed to a function.
ruddy: To make reddish in colour.
demit: To let fall; to depress; to yield.
demit: To relinquish an office, membership, authority, etc.; to resign, as from a Masonic lodge.
baste: To sew with long or loose stitches, as for temporary use, or in preparation for gathering the fabric.
baste: To sprinkle flour and salt and drip butter or fat on, as on meat in roasting.
baste: To coat over something.
baste: To mark (sheep, etc.) with tar.
baste: To beat with a stick; to cudgel.
frail: To play a stringed instrument, usually a banjo, by picking with the back of a fingernail.
estop: To impede or bar by estoppel.
estop: To stop up, to plug
cozen: To become cozy; (by extension) to become acquainted, comfortable, or familiar with.
cozen: To cheat; to defraud; to deceive, usually by small arts, or in a pitiful way.
doing: present participle and gerund of do
assay: To attempt (something).
assay: To try, attempt (to do something).
assay: To analyze or estimate the composition or value of (a metal, ore etc.).
assay: To test the abilities of (someone) in combat; to fight.
assay: To affect.
assay: To try tasting, as food or drink.
antes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ante
epoxy: To glue with epoxy.
prime: To fill or prepare the chamber of a mechanism for its main work.
prime: To apply a coat of primer paint to.
prime: To be renewed.
prime: To serve as priming for the charge of a gun.
prime: To work so that foaming occurs from too violent ebullition, which causes water to become mixed with, and be carried along with, the steam that is formed.
prime: To apply priming to (a musket or cannon); to apply a primer to (a metallic cartridge).
prime: To prepare; to make ready; to instruct beforehand; to coach.
prime: To trim or prune.
prime: To mark with a prime mark.
auger: To use an auger; to drill a hole using an auger.
auger: To proceed in the manner of an auger.
sport: To amuse oneself, to play.
sport: To mock or tease, treat lightly, toy with.
sport: To display; to have as a notable feature.
sport: To divert; to amuse; to make merry.
sport: To represent by any kind of play.
sport: To practise the diversions of the field or the turf; to be given to betting, as upon races.
sport: To assume suddenly a new and different character from the rest of the plant or from the type of the species; said of a bud, shoot, plant, or animal.
sport: To close (a door).
bebop: To participate in bebop jazz, such as by dancing in a way associated with the genre.
bebop: To walk in an easygoing, carefree manner.
barre: To form a barre chord on an instrument.
daunt: To discourage, intimidate.
daunt: To overwhelm.
erode: To wear away by abrasion, corrosion or chemical reaction.
erode: To destroy gradually by an ongoing process.
fleer: To make a wry face in contempt, or to grin in scorn
fleer: To grin with an air of civility; to leer.
chevy: To chase or hunt.
chevy: To vex or harass with petty attacks.
chevy: To maneuver or secure gradually.
chevy: Alternative spelling of chivvy
chevy: To scurry.
exude: To discharge through pores or incisions, as moisture or other liquid matter; to give out.
exude: To flow out through the pores.
exude: To give off or radiate a certain quality or emotion, often strongly.
crump: To produce such a sound.
crump: (of one's health) to decline rapidly (but not as rapidly as crash).
hexed: simple past and past participle of hex
audit: To examine and adjust (e.g. an account).
audit: To conduct an independent review and examination of system records and activities in order to test the adequacy and effectiveness of data security and data integrity procedures, to ensure compliance with established policy and operational procedures, and to recommend any necessary changes
audit: To counsel spiritually.
audit: To attend an academic class without the opportunity to receive academic credit.
chuff: To make noisy puffing sounds, as of a steam locomotive.
chuff: To break wind.
chuff: Of a powder, propellant, or explosive charge: to become extinguished and reignited intermittently.
boast: To brag; to talk loudly in praise of oneself.
boast: (used with "about" or "of") To speak of with pride, vanity, or exultation, with a view to self-commendation; to extol.
boast: To speak in exulting language of another; to glory; to exult.
boast: To play a boast shot.
boast: To possess something special (e.g. as a feature).
boast: To dress, as a stone, with a broad chisel.
boast: To shape roughly as a preparation for the finer work to follow; to cut to the general form required.
chock: To stop or fasten, as with a wedge, or block; to scotch.
chock: To fill up, as a cavity.
chock: To insert a line in a chock.
chock: To encounter.
chock: To make a dull sound.
gnarl: To knot or twist something.
gnarl: To snarl or growl; to gnar.
augur: To foretell events; to exhibit signs of future events; to indicate a favorable or an unfavorable outcome.
blush: To become red in the face (and sometimes experience an associated feeling of warmth), especially due to shyness, shame, excitement, or embarrassment.
blush: To be ashamed or embarrassed (to do something).
blush: To become red.
blush: To suffuse with a blush; to redden; to make rosy.
blush: To change skin color in the face (to a particular shade).
blush: To express or make known by blushing.
blush: To have a warm and delicate colour, like some roses and other flowers.
blush: To glance with the eye, cast a glance.
blush: Of dope or varnish: to develop an undesirable white precipitate on the surface, due to being applied in humid conditions.
jakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jake: to play a form of prank
elate: To make joyful or proud.
elate: To lift up; raise; elevate.
batik: To dye fabric using the wax-resist method.
caddy: Chiefly followed by for: alternative spelling of caddie (“to serve as a caddy (noun sense) for a golfer”)
elide: To leave out or omit (something).
elide: To cut off, as a vowel or a syllable.
elide: To conflate; to smear together; to blur the distinction between.
grout: To insert mortar between tiles.
grout: To affix with mortar.
cheek: To be impudent towards.
cheek: To pull a horse's head back toward the saddle using the cheek strap of the bridle.
cheek: To put or keep something in one’s cheek.
knurl: To roll or press a pattern of ridges or indentations into a part for grip.
climb: To ascend; rise; to go up.
climb: To mount; to move upwards on.
climb: To scale; to get to the top of something.
climb: To move (especially up and down something) by gripping with the hands and using the feet.
climb: To practise the sport of climbing.
climb: To jump high.
climb: To move to a higher position on the social ladder.
climb: To move to a higher position on a chart, table, society, etc.
climb: Of plants, to grow upwards by clinging to something.
gorge: To stuff the gorge or gullet with food; to eat greedily and in large quantities. [+ on (object)]
gorge: To stuff the gorge or gullet with food; to eat greedily and in large quantities.
gorge: To swallow, especially with greediness, or in large mouthfuls or quantities.
gorge: To fill up to the throat; to glut, to satiate.
gorge: To fill up (an organ, a vein, etc.); to block up or obstruct; (US, specifically) of ice: to choke or fill a channel or passage, causing an obstruction.
mulct: To impose such a fine or penalty.
mulct: To swindle (someone) out of money.
filet: Alternative form of fillet
salvo: To discharge weapons in a salvo.
piked: simple past and past participle of pike
levee: To keep within a channel by means of levees.
levee: To attend the levee or levees of.
baton: To strike with a baton.
rugby: To play rugby.
primp: To spend time improving one's appearance, often in front of a mirror.
primp: To dress in an affected manner.
ralph: To vomit.
chive: To stab.
chive: To cut.
quirt: To strike with a quirt.
revet: To face (an embankment, etc.) with masonry, wood, or other material.
reman: To supply with new personnel.
mitre: To adorn with a mitre.
mitre: To unite at an angle of 45°.
posit: Assume the existence of; to postulate.
posit: Propose for consideration or study; to suggest.
posit: Put (something somewhere) firmly; to place or position.
skyed: simple past and past participle of sky
mambo: To perform this dance.
cache: To place in a cache.
cache: To store data in a cache.
scrim: To use a scrim.
scrim: To participate in a scrim.
ponce: To act as a pimp.
ponce: To try to get rid of or sell something.
ponce: To borrow (something) from somebody without returning it.
ponce: To cadge.
ponce: To behave in a posh or effeminate manner.
orate: To speak formally; to give a speech.
orate: To speak passionately; to preach for or against something.
angst: To suffer angst; to fret.
opine: To have or express an opinion; to state as an opinion; to suppose, consider (that).
opine: To give one's formal opinion (on or upon something).
gecko: To move in the manner of a gecko; to attach to a vertical or upside-down surface.
tared: simple past and past participle of tare
rebut: To drive back or beat back; to repulse.
rebut: To deny the truth of something, especially by presenting arguments that disprove it.
snick: To cut or snip.
snick: To hit (the ball) with the edge of the bat, causing a slight deflection.
snick: To make something click, to make a clicking noise.
snick: Alternative form of sneck
sprue: To remove the sprues (material left in feed channels) from a cast piece.
snell: To tie a hook to the end of a fishing line with a snell knot.
preen: To pin; fasten.
preen: To groom; to trim or dress the feathers with the beak.
preen: To spend time making oneself attractive and admiring one's appearance, e.g. in front of a mirror.
preen: To show off, posture, or smarm.
preen: To flatter.
preen: To comb; to make orderly.
preen: To trim up, as trees.
preen: To improve the appearance of; groom; prettify.
trawl: To take (fish or other marine animals) with a trawl.
trawl: To fish from a slow-moving boat.
trawl: To make an exhaustive search for something within a defined area.
rabat: To rotate a plane of projection.
sough: To make a soft rustling or murmuring sound.
sough: To drain.
vaunt: To speak boastfully.
vaunt: To speak boastfully about.
vaunt: To boast of; to make a vain display of; to display with ostentation.
swage: To bend or shape through use of a swage.
swage: Obsolete form of assuage.
telex: To send a message over a telex network.
blind: To make temporarily or permanently blind.
blind: To curse.
blind: To darken; to obscure to the eye or understanding; to conceal.
blind: To cover with a thin coating of sand and fine gravel, for example a road newly paved, in order that the joints between the stones may be filled.
thrum: To cause a steady rhythmic vibration, usually by plucking.
thrum: To make a monotonous drumming noise.
thrum: To furnish with thrums; to insert tufts in; to fringe.
thrum: To insert short pieces of rope-yarn or spun yarn in.
swank: To swagger, to show off.
spume: To froth.
plumb: To determine the depth, generally of a liquid; to sound.
plumb: To attach to a water supply and drain.
plumb: To think about or explore in depth, to get to the bottom of, especially to plumb the depths of.
plumb: To use a plumb bob as a measuring or aligning tool.
plumb: To accurately align vertically or horizontally.
plumb: To seal something with lead.
plumb: To work as a plumber.
plumb: To fall or sink like a plummet.
plumb: To trace a road or track; to follow it to its end.
plumb: To position vertically above or below.
tenon: To make into a tenon.
tenon: To fit with tenons.
withe: To bind with withes.
withe: To beat with withes.
strop: To hone (a razor or knife) with a strop.
strop: To strap.
strop: To mark a sequence of letters syntactically as having a special property, such as being a keyword, e.g. by enclosing in apostrophes as in 'foo' or writing in uppercase as in FOO.
remit: To transmit or send (e.g. money in payment); to supply.
remit: To forgive, pardon (a wrong, offence, etc.).
remit: To refrain from exacting or enforcing.
remit: To give up; omit; cease doing.
remit: To allow (something) to slacken, to relax (one's attention etc.).
remit: To show a lessening or abatement (of a specified quality).
remit: To diminish, abate.
remit: To refer (something or someone) for deliberation, judgment, etc. (to a particular body or person).
remit: To send back.
remit: To give or deliver up; surrender; resign.
remit: To restore or replace.
remit: To postpone.
remit: To refer (someone to something), direct someone's attention to something.
inure: To cause someone to become accustomed to something that requires prolonged or repeated tolerance of one or more unpleasantries.
inure: To take effect, to be operative.
inure: To commit.
aught: Obsolete or dialectal form of ought
paean: To sing a paean; to praise.
baize: To cover or line with baize.
whelm: To bury, to cover; to engulf, to submerge.
whelm: To throw (something) over a thing so as to cover it.
whelm: To ruin or destroy.
whelm: To overcome with emotion; to overwhelm.
hocus: To play a trick on, to trick (someone); to hoax; to cheat.
hocus: To stupefy (someone) with drugged liquor (especially in order to steal from them).
hocus: To drug (liquor).
hocus: To adulterate (food).
skeet: To shoot or spray.
skeet: To ejaculate.
skeet: To wet the sails or deck of a vessel.
skeet: to look through the front windows of somebody else's house
skeet: To create a skeet.
umber: To give a reddish-brown colour to.
shill: To promote or endorse in return for payment, especially dishonestly.
shill: To put under cover; to sheal.
shill: To shell.
samba: To dance the samba.
pooch: To distend, to swell or extend beyond normal limits; usually used with out.
inter: To bury in a grave.
inter: To confine, as in a prison.
cadge: To beg.
cadge: To obtain something by wit or guile; to convince people to do something they might not normally do.
cadge: To carry hawks and other birds of prey.
cadge: To carry, as a burden.
cadge: To hawk or peddle, as fish, poultry, etc.
cadge: To intrude or live on another meanly; to beg.
belay: To make (a rope) fast by turning it around a fastening point such as a cleat.
belay: To handle a climbing rope to prevent (a climber) from falling to the ground.
belay: To lay aside; stop; cancel.
belay: The general command to stop or cease.
belay: To surround; environ; enclose.
belay: To overlay; adorn.
belay: To besiege; invest; surround.
belay: To lie in wait for in order to attack; block up or obstruct.
belay: simple past of belie (“encompass”)
gouge: To make a groove, hole, or mark in by scooping with or as if with a gouge.
gouge: To cheat or impose upon; in particular, to charge an unfairly or unreasonably high price.
gouge: To dig or scoop (something) out with or as if with a gouge; in particular, to use a thumb to push or try to push the eye (of a person) out of its socket.
gouge: To use a gouge.
cleat: To strengthen with a cleat.
cleat: To tie off, affix, stopper a line or rope, especially to a cleat.
crape: To form into ringlets; to curl or crimp.
crape: To clothe in crape.
creel: To place (fish) in a creel.
exert: To put in vigorous action.
exert: To make use of, to apply, especially of something non-material.
chime: To make the sound of a chime.
chime: To cause to sound in harmony; to play a tune, as upon a set of bells; to move or strike in harmony.
chime: To utter harmoniously; to recite rhythmically.
chime: To agree; to correspond.
chime: To make a rude correspondence of sounds; to jingle, as in rhyming.
troop: To move in numbers; to come or gather in crowds or troops.
troop: To march on; to go forward in haste.
troop: To move or march as if in a crowd.
blurt: To utter suddenly and unadvisedly; to speak quickly or without thought; to divulge inconsiderately — commonly with out.
servo: To control by means of servocontrol
bream: To clean (e.g. a ship's bottom of clinging shells, seaweed, etc.) by the application of fire and scraping.
clang: To strike (objects) together so as to produce a clang.
clang: To give out a clang; to resound.
craze: To weaken; to impair; to render decrepit.
craze: To derange the intellect of; to render insane.
craze: To be crazed, or to act or appear as one that is crazed; to rave; to become insane.
craze: To break into pieces; to crush; to grind to powder. See crase.
craze: To crack, as the glazing of porcelain or pottery.
wrest: To pull or twist violently.
wrest: To obtain by pulling or violent force.
wrest: To seize.
wrest: To distort, to pervert, to twist.
wrest: To tune with a wrest, or key.
crate: To put into a crate.
crate: To keep in a crate.
brisk: To make or become lively; to enliven; to animate.
dally: To waste time in trivial activities, or in idleness; to trifle.
dally: To caress, especially of a sexual nature; to fondle or pet
dally: To delay unnecessarily; to while away.
dally: To wind the lasso rope (ie throw-rope) around the saddle horn (the saddle horn is attached to the pommel of a western style saddle) after the roping of an animal
brute: To shape (diamonds) by grinding them against each other.
brute: Obsolete spelling of bruit
cater: To provide
cater: To provide with food, especially for a special occasion as a professional service.
cater: To provide
cater: To provide anything required or desired, often (derogatory) to pander.
cater: To provide
cater: To place, set, move, or cut diagonally or rhomboidally.
chirp: To make a short, sharp, cheerful note, as of small birds or crickets.
chirp: To speak in a high-pitched staccato.
chirp: To modify (a pulse of signal) so that it sweeps through a band of frequencies throughout its duration.
chirp: To cheer up; to make (someone) happier.
chirp: To speak rapid insulting comical banter back and forth.
creak: To make a prolonged sharp grating or squeaking sound, as by the friction of hard substances.
creak: To produce a creaking sound with.
creak: To suffer from strain or old age.
chute: To parachute.
dowel: To fasten together with dowels.
dowel: To furnish with dowels.
champ: To bite or chew, especially noisily or impatiently.
champ: To camp overnight in a historic church as a novelty or part of a holiday.
drape: To cover or adorn with drapery or folds of cloth, or as with drapery.
drape: To spread over, cover.
drape: To rail at; to banter.
drape: To make cloth.
drape: To design drapery, arrange its folds, etc., as for hangings, costumes, statues, etc.
drape: To hang or rest limply.
bland: To mix; blend; mingle.
bland: To connect; associate.
shunt: To cause to move (suddenly), as by pushing or shoving; to give a (sudden) start to.
shunt: To divert to a less important place, position, or state.
shunt: To provide with a shunt.
shunt: To move data in memory to a physical disk.
shunt: To divert electric current by providing an alternative path.
shunt: To move a train from one track to another, or to move carriages, etc. from one train to another.
shunt: To have a minor collision, especially in a motor car.
shunt: To divert the flow of a body fluid.
shunt: To turn aside or away; to divert.
shunt: To carry on arbitrage between the London stock exchange and provincial stock exchanges.
embed: To lay (something) as in a bed; to lay in surrounding matter; to bed.
embed: To include (something) in surrounding matter.
embed: To encapsulate within another document or data file.
embed: To define a one-to-one function from one set to another so that certain properties of the domain are preserved when considering the image as a subset of the codomain.
crest: Particularly with reference to waves, to reach a peak.
crest: To reach the crest of (a hill or mountain)
crest: To furnish with, or surmount as, a crest; to serve as a crest for.
crest: To mark with lines or streaks like waving plumes.
eager: To be or become eager.
eager: To express eagerness.
eager: To make or encourage to be eager
fleck: To mark (something) with small spots.
bluff: To make a bluff; to give the impression that one's hand is stronger than it is.
bluff: To frighten or deter with a false show of strength or confidence; to give a false impression of strength or temerity in order to intimidate and gain some advantage.
bluff: To take advantage by bluffing.
bluff: To give false information intentionally; to lie; to deceive
bluff: To fluff, puff or swell up.
brace: To prepare for something bad, such as an impact or blow.
brace: To place in a position for resisting pressure; to hold firmly.
brace: To swing round the yards of a square rigged ship, using braces, to present a more efficient sail surface to the direction of the wind.
brace: To stop someone for questioning, usually said of police.
brace: To confront with questions, demands or requests.
brace: To furnish with braces; to support; to prop.
brace: To draw tight; to tighten; to put in a state of tension; to strain; to strengthen.
brace: To bind or tie closely; to fasten tightly.
douse: To plunge suddenly into water; to duck; to immerse.
douse: To fall suddenly into water.
douse: To put out; to extinguish.
douse: To strike, beat, or thrash.
douse: To strike or lower in haste; to slacken suddenly
dolly: To hit a dolly.
dolly: To move (an object) using a dolly.
dolly: To wash (laundry) in a tub using the stirring device called a dolly.
dolly: To beat (red-hot metal) with a hammer.
dolly: To crush ore with a dolly.
sumac: To apply a preparation of sumac to (an object), for example, to a piece of leather to tan it.
feign: To make a false show or pretence of; to counterfeit or simulate.
feign: To imagine; to invent; to pretend to do something.
feign: To make an action as if doing one thing, but actually doing another, for example to trick an opponent; to feint.
feign: To hide or conceal.
chafe: To excite heat in by friction; to rub in order to stimulate and make warm.
chafe: To excite passion or anger in; to fret; to irritate.
chafe: To fret and wear by rubbing.
chafe: To rub; to come together so as to wear by rubbing; to wear by friction.
chafe: To be worn by rubbing.
chafe: To have a feeling of vexation; to be vexed; to fret; to be irritated.
caper: To leap or jump about in a sprightly or playful manner.
caper: To jump as part of a dance.
caper: To engage in playful behaviour.
guise: To dress.
guise: To act as a guiser; to go dressed up in a parade etc.
farce: To stuff with forcemeat or other food items.
farce: To fill full; to stuff.
farce: To make fat.
farce: To swell out; to render pompous.
farce: Alternative form of farse (“to insert vernacular paraphrases into (a Latin liturgy)”)
crisp: To make crisp.
crisp: To become crisp.
crisp: To cause to curl or wrinkle (of the leaves or petals of plants, for example); to form into ringlets or tight curls (of hair).
crisp: To become curled.
crisp: To cause to undulate irregularly (of water); to cause to ripple.
crisp: To undulate or ripple.
crisp: To wrinkle, contort or tense (a part of one's body).
crisp: To become contorted or tensed (of a part of the body).
crisp: To interweave (of the branches of trees).
crisp: To make a sharp or harsh sound.
crisp: To colour (something with highlights); to add small amounts of colour to (something).
fleet: To float.
fleet: To pass over rapidly; to skim the surface of.
fleet: To hasten over; to cause to pass away lightly, or in mirth and joy.
fleet: To flee, to escape, to speed away.
fleet: To evanesce, disappear, die out.
fleet: To move up a rope, so as to haul to more advantage; especially to draw apart the blocks of a tackle.
fleet: To move or change in position.
fleet: To shift the position of dead-eyes when the shrouds are become too long.
fleet: To cause to slip down the barrel of a capstan or windlass, as a rope or chain.
fleet: To take the cream from; to skim.
incur: to bring upon oneself or expose oneself to, especially something inconvenient, harmful, or onerous; to become liable or subject to
incur: to bring upon oneself or expose oneself to, especially something inconvenient, harmful, or onerous; to become liable or subject to
incur: to render somebody liable or subject to
incur: to enter or pass into
incur: to fall within a period or scope; to occur; to run into danger
foray: To participate in a foray.
foray: To do or attempt something outside one's typical area of expertise.
foray: To scour an area for goods as part of a foray.
endow: To give property to (someone) as a gift; specifically, to provide (a person or institution) with support in the form of a permanent fund of money or other benefits.
endow: Followed by with, or rarely by of: to enrich or furnish with some faculty or quality.
endow: Usually in the passive: to naturally furnish (with something).
endow: To provide with a dower (“the portion that a widow receives from her deceased husband's property”) or a dowry (“property given to a bride”).
heave: To lift with difficulty; to raise with some effort; to lift (a heavy thing).
heave: To throw, cast.
heave: To rise and fall.
heave: To utter with effort.
heave: To pull up with a rope or cable.
heave: To lift (generally); to raise, or cause to move upwards (particularly in ships or vehicles) or forwards.
heave: To be thrown up or raised; to rise upward, as a tower or mound.
heave: To displace (a vein, stratum).
heave: To cause to swell or rise, especially in repeated exertions.
heave: To move in a certain direction or into a certain position or situation.
heave: To retch, to make an effort to vomit; to vomit.
heave: To make an effort to raise, throw, or move anything; to strain to do something difficult.
heave: To rob; to steal from; to plunder.
covet: To wish for with eagerness; to desire possession of, often enviously.
covet: To long for inordinately or unlawfully; to hanker after (something forbidden).
covet: To yearn; to have or indulge an inordinate desire, especially for another's possession.
kedge: To warp (a vessel) by carrying out a kedge in a boat, dropping it overboard, and hauling the vessel up to it.
kedge: To move with the help of a kedge, as described above.
horde: to travel en masse, to flock
joust: To engage in mock combat on horseback, as two knights in the lists; to tilt.
joust: To engage in verbal sparring over an important issue. (used of two people, both of whom participate more or less equally)
joust: To touch penises while engaging in a sex act, especially oral sex.
frisk: To frolic, gambol, skip, dance, leap.
frisk: To search (someone) by feeling their body and clothing.
feint: To direct (a blow, thrust, or other offensive movement resembling an attack) on some part of the body, intended to distract from a real attack on another part.
feint: To direct a feint or mock attack against (someone).
feint: To make a feint or mock attack.
leach: To purge a soluble matter out of something by the action of a percolating fluid.
leach: To part with soluble constituents by percolation.
leach: To bleed, seep.
greed: To desire in a greedy manner, or to act on such a desire.
ketch: Pronunciation spelling of catch.
ketch: To hang.
flake: To break or chip off in a flake.
flake: To prove unreliable or impractical; to abandon or desert, to fail to follow through.
flake: To store an item such as rope or sail in layers
flake: To hit (another person).
flake: To plant evidence to facilitate a corrupt arrest.
flake: To lay out on a flake for drying.
exact: To demand and enforce the payment or performance of, sometimes in a forcible or imperious way.
exact: To make desirable or necessary.
exact: To inflict; to forcibly obtain or produce.
molly: To engage in (male) homosexual activity with.
folly: To follow.
drown: To die from suffocation while immersed in water or other fluid.
drown: To kill by suffocating in water or another liquid.
drown: To be flooded: to be inundated with or submerged in (literally) water or (figuratively) other things; to be overwhelmed.
drown: To inundate, submerge, overwhelm.
drown: To obscure, particularly amid an overwhelming volume of other items.
glaze: To install windows.
glaze: To apply a thin, transparent layer of coating.
glaze: To become glazed or glassy.
glaze: For eyes to take on an uninterested appearance.
knack: To crack; to make a sharp, abrupt noise; to chink.
knack: To speak affectedly.
gauge: To measure or determine with a gauge; to measure the capacity of.
gauge: To estimate.
gauge: To appraise the character or ability of; to judge of.
gauge: To draw into equidistant gathers by running a thread through it.
gauge: To mix (a quantity of ordinary plaster) with a quantity of plaster of Paris.
gauge: To chip, hew or polish (stones, bricks, etc) to a standard size and/or shape.
ledge: To cause to have, or to develop, a ledge (during mining, canal construction, building, etc).
greet: To welcome in a friendly manner, either in person or through another means such as writing.
greet: To arrive at or reach, or meet.
greet: To accost; to address.
greet: To meet and give salutations.
greet: To be perceived by (someone).
greet: To weep; to cry.
needs: third-person singular simple present indicative of need
lithe: To become calm.
lithe: To make soft or mild; soften; alleviate; mitigate; lessen; smooth; palliate.
lithe: To attend; listen, hearken.
lithe: To listen to, hearken to.
lithe: to thicken (gravy, etc.)
gleam: Chiefly in conjunction with an adverb: to cause (light) to shine.
gleam: To shine, especially in an indistinct or intermittent manner; to glisten, to glitter.
gleam: To be strongly but briefly apparent.
gleam: Of a hawk or other bird of prey: to disgorge filth from its crop or gorge.
freak: To react extremely or irrationally, usually under distress or discomposure.
freak: To be placed or place someone under the influence of a psychedelic drug, (especially) to experience reality withdrawal, or hallucinations (nightmarish), to behave irrational or unconventional due to drug use.
freak: To streak; to variegate
hedge: To enclose with a hedge or hedges.
hedge: To obstruct or surround.
hedge: To offset the risk associated with.
hedge: To avoid verbal commitment.
hedge: To construct or repair a hedge.
hedge: To reduce one's exposure to risk.
prate: To talk much and to little purpose; to be loquacious; to speak foolishly.
lease: To grant a lease as a landlord; to let.
lease: To hold a lease as a tenant.
lease: To gather.
lease: To pick, select, pick out; to pick up.
lease: To glean.
lease: To glean, gather up leavings.
lease: To tell lies; tell lies about; slander; calumniate.
lease: To release; let go; unloose.
nanny: To serve as a nanny.
nanny: To treat like a nanny's charges; to coddle.
leash: To fasten or secure with a leash.
leash: to curb, restrain
reeve: To pass (a rope) through a hole or opening, especially so as to fasten it.
prise: To force (open) with a lever; to pry.
prise: Extract something that is difficult to obtain.
retry: To try or attempt again.
retry: To try judicially a second time.
drift: To move slowly, especially pushed by currents of water, air, etc.
drift: To move haphazardly without any destination.
drift: To deviate gently from the intended direction of travel.
drift: To drive or carry, as currents do a floating body.
drift: To drive into heaps.
drift: To accumulate in heaps by the force of wind; to be driven into heaps.
drift: To make a drift; to examine a vein or ledge for the purpose of ascertaining the presence of metals or ores; to follow a vein; to prospect.
drift: To enlarge or shape, as a hole, with a drift.
drift: To oversteer a vehicle, causing loss of traction, while maintaining control from entry to exit of a corner. See Drifting (motorsport).
plash: To splash.
plash: To cause a splash.
plash: To splash or sprinkle with colouring matter.
plash: To cut partly, or to bend and intertwine the branches of.
plash: To bend down a bough (in order to pick fruit from it).
grant: to give (permission or wish)
grant: To give (bestow upon or confer, particularly in answer to prayer or request)
grant: To agree with (someone) on (something); to accept (something) for the sake of argument; to admit to (someone) that (something) is true.
grant: To assent; to consent.
latch: To close or lock as if with a latch.
latch: To catch; lay hold of.
latch: To smear; to anoint.
faint: To lose consciousness through a lack of oxygen or nutrients to the brain, usually as a result of suddenly reduced blood flow (may be caused by emotional trauma, loss of blood or various medical conditions).
faint: To lose courage or spirit; to become depressed or despondent.
faint: To decay; to disappear; to vanish.
graze: To feed or supply (cattle, sheep, etc.) with grass; to furnish pasture for.
graze: To feed on; to eat (growing herbage); to eat grass from (a pasture)
graze: To tend (cattle, etc.) while grazing.
graze: To eat small amounts of food periodically throughout the day, rather than at fixed mealtimes, often not in response to hunger.
graze: To shoplift by consuming food or drink items before reaching the checkout.
graze: To rub or touch lightly the surface of (a thing) in passing.
graze: To cause a slight wound to; to scratch.
graze: To yield grass for grazing.
knead: To work and press into a mass, usually with the hands; especially, to work, as by repeated pressure with the knuckles, into a well mixed mass, the materials of bread, cake, etc.
knead: To treat or form as if by kneading; to beat.
knead: Of cats, to make an alternating pressing motion with the two front paws.
knead: To mix thoroughly; form into a homogeneous compound.
mound: To fortify with a mound; add a barrier, rampart, etc. to.
mound: To force or pile into a mound or mounds.
mound: To form a mound.
react: To act in response.
react: To act or perform a second time; to do over again; to reenact.
react: To return an impulse or impression; to resist the action of another body by an opposite force
react: To act upon each other; to exercise a reciprocal or a reverse effect, as two or more chemical agents; to act in opposition.
react: To cause chemical agents to react; to cause one chemical agent to react with another.
react: To post a reaction (icon or emoji indicating how one feels about a posted message).
scoot: To walk or travel fast; to go quickly.
scoot: To run away hastily; scram.
scoot: To ride on a scooter.
scoot: To move with the forelegs while sitting, so that the floor rubs against its rear end.
scoot: To move sideways (especially along a seat for multiple people), usually to make room for someone else (to sit, stand, etc.).
scoot: To dispatch someone or something at speed; Synonym of shoo.
scoot: To squirt.
flirt: To throw (something) with a jerk or sudden movement; to fling.
flirt: To jeer at; to mock.
flirt: To dart about; to move with quick, jerky motions.
flirt: To blurt out.
flirt: To play at courtship; to talk with teasing affection, to insinuate sexual attraction in a playful (especially conversational) way.
flirt: To experiment, or tentatively engage, with; to become involved in passing with.
grief: To deliberately harass and annoy or cause grief to other players of a game in order to interfere with their enjoyment of it; especially, to do this as one’s primary activity in the game, and especially by exploiting game mechanics without using cheats to do so.
scowl: To wrinkle the brows, as in frowning or displeasure; to put on a frowning look; to look sour, sullen, severe, or angry.
scowl: To look gloomy, dark, or threatening; to lower.
scowl: To look at or repel with a scowl or a frown.
scowl: To express by a scowl.
growl: To utter a deep guttural sound, as an angry animal; to give forth an angry, grumbling sound.
growl: Of a wind instrument: to produce a low-pitched rumbling sound.
growl: To send a user a message via the Growl software library.
growl: To express (something) by growling.
growl: To play a wind instrument in a way that produces a low-pitched rumbling sound.
growl: To perform death growl vocals.
splay: To spread; spread out.
splay: To dislocate, as a shoulder bone.
splay: To turn on one side; to render oblique; to slope or slant, as the side of a door, window, etc.
splay: To rearrange (a splay tree) so that a desired element is placed at the root.
splay: To spay; to castrate.
retch: To make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; to strain, as in vomiting.
retch: To reck.
retch: Alternative form of reach
souse: To immerse in liquid; to steep or drench.
souse: To steep in brine; to pickle.
souse: To strike, beat.
souse: To fall heavily.
souse: To pounce upon.
sprig: To decorate with sprigs, or with representations of sprigs, as in embroidery or pottery.
sprig: To nail the sole onto a shoe.
swang: To steer one's vehicle from side to side while driving.
swang: simple past of swing. Now largely replaced by swung.
spree: To engage in a spree.
skimp: To mock, deride, scorn, scold, make fun of.
skimp: To slight; to do carelessly; to scamp.
skimp: To make insufficient allowance for; to scant; to scrimp.
skimp: To save; to be parsimonious or stingy.
scoff: To jeer; to laugh with contempt and derision.
scoff: To mock; to treat with scorn.
scoff: To eat food quickly.
scoff: To eat.
tammy: To strain through a tammy.
skive: To avoid one's lessons or work (chiefly at school or university); shirk.
skive: To pare or shave off the rough or thick parts of.
stent: To insert a stent or tube into a blood vessel.
stent: To keep within limits; to restrain; to cause to stop, or cease; to stint.
stent: To stint; to stop; to cease.
stang: To shoot with pain, to sting.
stang: To spear; to sting.
stang: simple past of sting
tabby: To give a wavy or watered appearance to (a textile).
sleek: To make smooth or glossy; to polish.
sleek: To calm or soothe.
sleek: To glide.
sheen: To shine; to glisten.
uncap: To remove a physical cap or cover from.
uncap: To remove a cap or limit from.
uncap: To take off one's cap.
unlay: To untwist.
slake: To satisfy (thirst, or other desires).
slake: To cool (something) with water or another liquid.
slake: To become mixed with water, so that a true chemical combination takes place.
slake: To mix with water, so that a true chemical combination takes place.
slake: Of a person: to become less energetic, to slacken in one's efforts.
slake: To slacken; to become relaxed or loose.
slake: To become less intense; to weaken, decrease in force.
slake: To go out; to become extinct.
slake: To besmear.
stead: To help, support, benefit or assist; to be helpful.
stead: To fill the stead or place of something.
shale: To take off the shell or coat of.
unset: To make not set.
smack: To get the flavor of.
smack: To have a particular taste; used with of.
smack: To indicate or suggest something; used with of.
smack: To slap or hit someone.
smack: To make a smacking sound.
smack: To strike a child (usually on the buttocks) as a form of discipline. (normal U.S. and Canadian term spank)
smack: To wetly separate the lips, making a noise, after tasting something or in expectation of a treat.
smack: To kiss with a close compression of the lips, so as to make a sound when they separate.
tress: To braid or knot hair.
psalm: To extol in psalms; to make music; to sing
snout: To furnish with a nozzle or point.
snarl: To entangle; to complicate; to involve in knots.
snarl: To become entangled.
snarl: To place in an embarrassing situation; to ensnare; to make overly complicated.
snarl: To be congested in traffic, or to make traffic congested.
snarl: To form raised work upon the outer surface of (thin metal ware) by the repercussion of a snarling iron upon the inner surface.
snarl: To growl angrily by gnashing or baring the teeth; to gnarl; to utter grumbling sounds.
snarl: To complain angrily; to utter growlingly.
snarl: To speak crossly; to talk in rude, surly terms.
rally: To collect, and reduce to order, as troops dispersed or thrown into confusion; to gather again; to reunite.
rally: To come into orderly arrangement; to renew order, or united effort, as troops scattered or put to flight; to assemble.
rally: To collect one's vital powers or forces; to regain health or consciousness.
rally: To recover strength after a decline in prices.
rally: To tease; to chaff good-humouredly.
taint: To contaminate or corrupt (something) with an external agent, either physically or morally.
taint: To spoil (food) by contamination.
taint: To be infected or corrupted; to be touched by something corrupting.
taint: To be affected with incipient putrefaction.
taint: To mark (a variable) as unsafe, so that operations involving it are subject to additional security checks.
taint: To invalidate (a share capital account) by transferring profits into it.
taint: To damage, as a lance, without breaking it; also, to break, as a lance, but usually in an unknightly or unscientific manner.
taint: To thrust ineffectually with a lance.
slime: To coat with slime.
slime: To besmirch or disparage.
slime: To carve (fish), removing the offal.
slime: To move like slime, like slimy things or like a slimy person.
stave: To fit or furnish with staves or rundles.
stave: To break in the staves of; to break a hole in; to burst.
stave: To push, or keep off, as with a staff.
stave: To delay by force or craft; to drive away.
stave: To burst in pieces by striking against something.
stave: To walk or move rapidly.
stave: To suffer, or cause to be lost by breaking the cask.
stave: To render impervious or solid by driving with a calking iron.
prize: To consider highly valuable; to esteem.
prize: To set or estimate the value of; to appraise; to price; to rate.
prize: To move with a lever; to force up or open; to prise or pry.
prize: To compete in a prizefight.
sneak: To creep or go stealthily; to come or go while trying to avoid detection, as a person who does not wish to be seen.
sneak: To take something stealthily without permission.
sneak: To stealthily bring someone something.
sneak: To hide, especially in a mean or cowardly manner.
sneak: To inform an authority of another's misdemeanours.
spire: to sprout, to send forth the early shoots of growth; to germinate.
spire: To grow upwards rather than develop horizontally.
spire: To furnish with a spire.
spire: To breathe.
dowse: Alternative form of douse (“to plunge into water”)
dowse: Alternative form of douse (“to strike”)
dowse: To use the dipping or divining rod, as in search of water, ore, etc.
razor: To shave with a razor.
stray: To wander, as from a direct course; to deviate, or go out of the way.
stray: To wander from company or outside proper limits; to rove or roam at large; to go astray.
stray: To wander from the path of duty or rectitude; to err.
stray: To cause to stray; lead astray.
manet: Used in stage directions; literally, he, she or it remains. Compare exit, exeunt.
spurt: To cause to gush out suddenly or violently in a stream or jet.
spurt: To rush from a confined place in a small stream or jet.
spurt: To make a strong effort for a short period of time.
leech: To apply a leech medicinally, so that it sucks blood from the patient.
leech: To drain (resources) without giving back.
leech: To treat, cure or heal.
shred: To cut or tear (something) into long, narrow pieces or strips.
shred: To destroy (a document) by cutting or tearing into strips or small pieces that cannot easily be read, especially using a shredder.
shred: To cut (fruit peel, a vegetable, etc.) into thin strips that curl.
shred: To separate (something) into small portions.
shred: To reduce (something) by a large percentage; to slash.
shred: Chiefly in rock and heavy metal: to play (a musical instrument (especially a guitar) or a piece of music) very fast.
shred: To cut through (snow, water, etc.) swiftly with one's snowboard, surfboard, etc.; (by extension) to move or ride along (a road, track, etc.) aggressively and rapidly.
shred: To convincingly defeat (someone); to thrash, to trounce.
shred: To cut or sever (something) into two parts.
shred: To chop or cut (something) into pieces.
shred: To cut, lop, or strip (branches, etc.) off; also, to cut (a piece) from something.
shred: To prune or trim (a tree, a vineyard, etc.).
shred: To become separated into small portions.
shred: To reduce body weight due to fat and water before a competition.
shred: To travel swiftly using a snowboard, surfboard, or vehicle.
sheer: To swerve from a course.
sheer: Obsolete spelling of shear
swipe: To grab or bat quickly.
swipe: To strike with a strong blow in a sweeping motion.
swipe: To scan or register by sliding (a swipecard etc.) through a reader.
swipe: To interact with a touch screen by drawing one's finger rapidly across it.
swipe: To swipe right on (someone) on a dating application.
swipe: To steal or snatch.
staid: Obsolete spelling of stayed
snipe: To hunt snipe.
snipe: To shoot at individuals from a concealed place.
snipe: To shoot with a sniper rifle.
snipe: To watch a timed online auction and place a winning bid against (the current high bidder) at the last possible moment.
snipe: To nose (a log) to make it drag or slip easily in skidding.
snipe: To score a goal.
snipe: To move the ball quickly in a different direction.
snipe: To make malicious, underhand remarks or attacks.
snipe: To attach a note or sticker to (an existing poster) to provide further information, political criticism, etc.
tweak: To pinch and pull with a sudden jerk and twist; to twitch.
tweak: To adjust slightly; to fine-tune.
tweak: To tease, to annoy; to get under the skin of (someone, typically so as to irritate them, or by extension to enamor, frighten, etc).
tweak: To abuse methamphetamines, especially crystal meth.
tweak: To exhibit extreme nervousness, evasiveness when confronted by authorities, compulsiveness, erratic motion, excitability, etc, due to or mimicking the symptoms of methamphetamine abuse.
trice: To pull, to pull out or away, to pull sharply.
trice: To drag or haul, especially with a rope; specifically (nautical) to haul or hoist and tie up by means of a rope.
boots: third-person singular simple present indicative of boot
scene: To exhibit as a scene; to make a scene of; to display.
scene: To roleplay.
befit: to be fit for
tally: To count something.
tally: To mathematically calculate a numeric result.
tally: To record something by making marks.
tally: To make things correspond or agree with each other.
tally: To keep score.
tally: To correspond or agree.
tally: To check off, as parcels of freight going inboard or outboard.
wrack: To execute vengeance; avenge.
wrack: To worry; tease; torment.
wrack: To wreck, especially a ship.
wrack: Alternative form of rack (“to cause to suffer pain, etc.”)
twine: To weave together.
twine: To wind, as one thread around another, or as any flexible substance around another body.
twine: To wind about; to embrace; to entwine.
twine: To mutually twist together; to become mutually involved; to intertwine.
twine: To wind; to bend; to make turns; to meander.
twine: To ascend in spiral lines about a support; to climb spirally.
twine: To turn round; to revolve.
twine: To change the direction of.
twine: To mingle; to mix.
twine: Alternative form of twin (“to separate”)
stout: To be bold or defiant.
stout: To persist, endure.
slice: To cut into slices.
slice: To cut with an edge utilizing a drawing motion.
slice: To clear (e.g. a fire, or the grate bars of a furnace) by means of a slice bar.
slice: To hit the shuttlecock with the racket at an angle, causing it to move sideways and downwards.
slice: To hit a shot that slices (travels from left to right for a right-handed player).
slice: To angle the blade so that it goes too deeply into the water when starting to take a stroke.
slice: To kick the ball so that it goes in an unintended direction, at too great an angle or too high.
slice: To hit the ball with a stroke that causes a spin, resulting in the ball swerving or staying low after a bounce.
wager: To bet something; to put it up as collateral.
wager: To suppose; to dare say.
steak: To cook (something, especially fish) like or as a steak.
untie: To loosen, as something interlaced or knotted; to disengage the parts of.
untie: To free from fastening or from restraint; to let loose; to unbind.
untie: To resolve; to unfold; to clear.
untie: To become untied or loosed.
untie: In the Perl programming language, to undo the process of tying, so that a variable uses default instead of custom functionality.
vouch: To call on (someone) to be a witness to something.
vouch: To cite or rely on (an authority, a written work, etc.) in support of one's actions or opinions.
vouch: To affirm or warrant the correctness or truth of (something); also, to affirm or warrant (the truth of an assertion or statement).
vouch: To bear witness or testify to the nature or qualities (of someone or something).
vouch: To back, confirm, or support (someone or something) with credible evidence or proof.
vouch: Synonym of vouchsafe (“to condescendingly or graciously give or grant (something)”)
vouch: To assert, aver, or declare (something).
vouch: In full vouch to warrant or vouch to warranty: to summon (someone) into court to establish a warranty of title to land.
vouch: Followed by over: of a vouchee (a person summoned to court to establish a warranty of title): to summon (someone) to court in their place.
vouch: To guarantee legal title (to something).
vouch: Often followed by for.
vouch: To bear witness or testify; to guarantee or sponsor.
vouch: Often followed by for.
vouch: To provide evidence or proof.
vouch: Often followed by for.
vouch: To express confidence in or take responsibility for (the correctness or truth of) something.
slack: To slacken.
slack: To mitigate; to reduce the strength of.
slack: To lose cohesion or solidity by a chemical combination with water; to slake.
shout: To utter a sudden and loud cry, as in joy, triumph, exultation or anger, or to attract attention, to animate others, etc.
shout: To utter with a shout; to cry; to shout out
shout: To forcefully attract attention or proclaim one’s presence.
shout: To pay for food, drink or entertainment for others.
shout: To post a text message (for example, email) in upper case, regarded as the electronic messaging equivalent of oral shouting.
shout: To treat with shouts or clamor.
sober: To make or become sober.
sober: To overcome or lose a state of intoxication.
sober: To moderate one's feelings; to accept a disappointing reality after losing one's ability to believe in a fantastic goal.
scout: To explore a wide terrain, as if on a search.
scout: To observe, watch, or look for, as a scout; to follow for the purpose of observation, as a scout.
scout: To reject with contempt.
scout: To scoff.
scout: To pour forth a liquid forcibly, especially excrement.
pearl: To set or adorn with pearls, or with mother-of-pearl.
pearl: To cause to resemble pearls in shape; to make into small round grains.
pearl: To cause to resemble pearls in lustre or iridescence.
pearl: To resemble pearl or pearls.
pearl: To hunt for pearls
pearl: To sink the nose of one's surfboard into the water, often on takeoff.
pearl: Of the nose of the surfboard: to sink in this manner.
spare: To show mercy, to have mercy on.
spare: To desist; to stop; to refrain.
spare: To show mercy, to have mercy on.
spare: To refrain from inflicting harm; to use mercy or forbearance.
spare: To show mercy, to have mercy on.
spare: To preserve (someone) from danger or punishment; to forbear to punish, injure, or harm (someone); to show mercy towards.
spare: To show mercy, to have mercy on.
spare: To preserve (someone) from danger or punishment; to forbear to punish, injure, or harm (someone); to show mercy towards.
spare: To refrain from killing (someone) or having (someone) killed.
spare: To keep.
spare: To be frugal; to not be profuse; to live frugally; to be parsimonious.
spare: To keep.
spare: To keep to oneself; to forbear to impart or give.
spare: To keep.
spare: To save or gain, as by frugality; to reserve, as from some occupation, use, or duty.
spare: (to give up): To deprive oneself of, as by being frugal; to do without; to dispense with; to give up; to part with.
tithe: To give one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To pay something as a tithe.
tithe: To give one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To pay a tithe upon something.
tithe: To give one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To pay a tithe; to pay a 10% tax
tithe: To give one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To pay or offer as a levy in the manner of a tithe or religious tax.
tithe: To take one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To impose a tithe upon someone or something.
tithe: To take one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To spare only every tenth person, killing the rest (usually in relation to the sacking of the episcopal seat at Canterbury by the pagan Danes in 1011).
tithe: To take one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To enforce or collect a tithe upon someone or something.
tithe: To take one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To decimate: to kill every tenth person, usually as a military punishment.
tithe: To take one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To enforce or collect a tithe.
tithe: To take one-tenth or a tithe of something
tithe: To compose the tenth part of something.
stark: To stiffen.
skate: To move along a surface (ice or ground) using skates.
skate: To skateboard.
skate: To use the skating technique.
skate: To get away with something; to be acquitted of a crime for which one is manifestly guilty.
skate: To move smoothly and easily.
prone: To place in a prone position, to place face down.
steep: To soak or wet thoroughly.
steep: To imbue with something; to be deeply immersed in.
steep: To make tea (or other beverage) by placing leaves in hot water.
pride: To take or experience pride in something; to be proud of it.
spike: To fasten with spikes, or long, large nails.
spike: To set or furnish with spikes.
spike: To embed nails into (a tree) so that any attempt to cut it down will damage equipment or injure people.
spike: To fix on a spike.
spike: To discard; to decide not to publish or make public.
spike: To increase sharply.
spike: To covertly put alcohol or a drug into a drink.
spike: To add a small amount of one substance to another.
spike: To attack from, usually, above the height of the net with the intent to send the ball straight to the floor of the opponent or off the hands of the opposing block.
spike: To render (a gun) unusable by driving a metal spike into its touch hole.
spike: To slam the football to the ground, usually in celebration of scoring a touchdown, or to stop expiring time on the game clock after snapping the ball as to save time for the losing team to attempt to score the tying or winning points.
spike: To inject a drug with a syringe.
stack: To arrange in a stack, or to add to an existing stack.
stack: To arrange the cards in a deck in a particular manner.
stack: To take all the money another player currently has on the table.
stack: To deliberately distort the composition of (an assembly, committee, etc.).
stack: To crash; to fall.
stack: To operate cumulatively.
stack: To place (aircraft) into a holding pattern.
stack: To collect precious metal in the form of various small objects such as coins and bars.
stack: To have excessive ink transfer.
route: To direct or divert along a particular course.
route: to connect two local area networks, thereby forming an internet.
route: To send (information) through a router.
route: Eye dialect spelling of root.
butty: To work together; to keep company with.
butty: To cohabit; to reside with another as a couple.
butty: To act in concert with intent to defraud; to play unfairly.
Botox: To inject Botox.
towel: To hit with a towel.
towel: To dry by using a towel.
towel: To block up (a door, etc.) with a towel, to conceal the fumes of a recreational drug.
towel: To beat with a stick, or "oaken towel".
fried: simple past and past participle of fry
worth: To be, become, betide.
reach: To extend, stretch, or thrust out (for example a limb or object held in the hand).
reach: To give to someone by stretching out a limb, especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another person; to hand over.
reach: To stretch out the hand.
reach: To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body, or something held, so as to touch, strike, grasp, etc.
reach: To strike or touch.
reach: To extend an action, effort, or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce, or cut.
reach: To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent.
reach: To arrive at (a place) by effort of any kind.
reach: To make contact with.
reach: To connect with (someone) on an emotional level, making them receptive of (one); to get through to (someone).
reach: To arrive at a particular destination.
reach: To continue living until or up to (a certain age).
reach: To understand; to comprehend.
reach: To strain after something; to make (sometimes futile or pretentious) efforts.
reach: To extend in dimension, time etc.; to stretch out continuously (past, beyond, above, from etc. something).
reach: To sail on the wind, as from one point of tacking to another, or with the wind nearly abeam.
reach: To arrive at a particular destination, especially to join someone; to meet up.
reach: Alternative form of retch.
candy: To cook in, or coat with, sugar syrup.
candy: To have sugar crystals form in or on.
candy: To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass.
phony: To fake.
splat: To hit a flat surface and deform into an irregular shape.
splat: To splatter.
splat: To combine different textures by applying an alpha channel map to the higher levels, revealing the layers underneath where the map is partially or completely transparent.
trend: To have a particular direction; to run; to stretch; to tend.
trend: To cause to turn; to bend.
trend: To be the subject of a trend; to be currently popular, relevant or interesting.
trend: To cleanse or clean (something, usually wool).
trope: To use, or embellish something with, a trope.
trope: Senses relating chiefly to art or literature.
trope: To represent something figuratively or metaphorically, especially as a literary motif.
trope: Senses relating chiefly to art or literature.
trope: To turn into, coin, or create a new trope.
trope: Senses relating chiefly to art or literature.
trope: To analyse a work in terms of its literary tropes.
trope: To think or write in terms of tropes.
frosh: To initiate academic freshmen, notably in a testing way.
frosh: To damage through incompetence.
twain: To part in twain; divide; sunder.
bored: simple past and past participle of bore
singe: To burn slightly.
singe: To remove the nap of (cloth), by passing it rapidly over a red-hot bar, or over a flame, preliminary to dyeing it.
singe: To remove the hair or down from (a plucked chicken, etc.) by passing it over a flame.
singe: Obsolete form of sing.
taper: To make thinner or narrower at one end.
taper: To become thinner or narrower at one end.
taper: To diminish gradually.
taper: (of a central bank) To tighten monetary policy.
shack: To live (in or with); to shack up.
shack: To shed or fall, as corn or grain at harvest.
shack: To feed in stubble, or upon waste.
shack: To wander as a vagabond or tramp.
shack: To hibernate; to go into winter quarters.
shack: To drink, especially alcohol.
adeem: To revoke (a legacy, grant, etc.) or to satisfy it by some other gift.
motel: To stay in a motel or motels.
dross: To remove dross from.
treat: To negotiate, discuss terms, bargain (for or with).
treat: To discourse; to handle a subject in writing or speaking; to conduct a discussion.
treat: To discourse on; to represent or deal with in a particular way, in writing or speaking.
treat: To entreat or beseech (someone).
treat: To handle, deal with or behave towards in a specific way.
treat: To entertain with food or drink, especially at one's own expense; to show hospitality to; to pay for as celebration or reward.
treat: To commit the offence of providing food, drink, entertainment or provision to corruptly influence a voter.
treat: To care for medicinally or surgically; to apply medical care to.
treat: To subject to a chemical or other action; to act upon with a specific scientific result in mind.
treat: To provide something special and pleasant.
spork: To move or impale (food etc.) with a spork.
serve: To provide a service (or, by extension, a product, especially food or drink).
serve: To be a formal servant for (a god or deity); to worship in an official capacity.
serve: To provide a service (or, by extension, a product, especially food or drink).
serve: To be a servant for; to work for, to be employed by.
serve: To provide a service (or, by extension, a product, especially food or drink).
serve: To wait upon (someone) at table; to set food and drink in front of, to help (someone) to food, meals etc.
serve: To provide a service (or, by extension, a product, especially food or drink).
serve: To be a servant or worker; to perform the duties of a servant or employee; to render service.
serve: To provide a service (or, by extension, a product, especially food or drink).
serve: To set down (food or drink) on the table to be eaten; to bring (food, drink) to a person.
serve: To treat (someone) in a given manner.
serve: To be suitor to; to be the lover of.
serve: To be effective.
serve: To be useful to; to meet the needs of.
serve: To be effective.
serve: To have a given use or purpose; to function for something or to do something.
serve: To be effective.
serve: To usefully take the place as, instead of something else.
serve: To deliver a document.
serve: To officially deliver (a legal notice, summons etc.).
serve: To deliver a document.
serve: To make legal service upon (a person named in a writ, summons, etc.)
serve: To lead off with the first delivery over the net in tennis, volleyball, ping pong, badminton etc.
serve: To copulate with (of male animals); to cover.
serve: To be in military service.
serve: To work, to operate (a weapon).
serve: To work through (a given period of time in prison, a sentence).
serve: To wind spun yarn etc. tightly around (a rope or cable, etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather.
serve: To perform (a public obligation).
serve: To provide crack cocaine (to), usually by selling, dealing, or distributing.
serve: To present an attractive personal appearance.
serve: To present an attractive personal appearance.
serve: To present an attractive personal appearance.
serve: To attractively display something (especially a body part) as part of one's personal appearance.
serve: To present an attractive personal appearance.
serve: To evoke something (especially a person) with one's personal appearance.
tardy: To make tardy.
merit: To deserve, to earn.
merit: To be deserving or worthy.
merit: To reward.
crunk: To cry like a crane.
suede: To make (leather) into suede.
suede: To finish (fabric) by abrasion, giving it a fibrous surface.
stoop: To bend the upper part of the body forward and downward to a half-squatting position; crouch.
stoop: To lower oneself; to demean or do something below one's status, standards, or morals.
stoop: Of a bird of prey: to swoop down on its prey.
stoop: To cause to incline downward; to slant.
stoop: To cause to submit; to prostrate.
stoop: To yield; to submit; to bend, as by compulsion; to assume a position of humility or subjection.
stoop: To descend from rank or dignity; to condescend.
syrup: To convert or process into syrup.
syrup: To add syrup to.
syrup: To sabotage (a vehicle) by pouring syrup into the gas tank.
savvy: To understand.
talks: third-person singular simple present indicative of talk
words: third-person singular simple present indicative of word
troll: To saunter.
troll: To trundle, to roll from side to side.
troll: To draw someone or something out, to entice, to lure as if with trailing bait.
troll: To fish using a line and bait or lures trailed behind a boat similarly to trawling; to lure fish with bait.
troll: To angle for with a trolling line, or with a hook drawn along the surface of the water; hence, to allure.
troll: To fish in; to try to catch fish from.
troll: To stroll about in order to find a sexual partner.
troll: To post or make inflammatory or insincere statements so as to attempt to lure others into combative argument for purposes of personal entertainment or to manipulate others' perception, especially in an online community or discussion.
troll: To move circularly; to roll; to turn.
troll: To send about; to circulate, as a vessel in drinking.
troll: To sing the parts of in succession, as of a round, a catch, and the like; also, to sing loudly, freely or in a carefree way.
temps: third-person singular simple present indicative of temp
chine: To cut through the backbone of; to cut into chine pieces.
chine: To chamfer the ends of a stave and form the chine.
chine: To crack, split, fissure, break.
decal: To apply decals to.
booze: To drink alcohol.
booze: To drink (an alcoholic beverage).
twink: To twinkle; to sparkle.
twink: To wink.
twink: To chirp or twitter.
twink: To engage in obnoxious or abusive behaviour in a multi-user dungeon or other roleplaying game, for example by griefing or by equipping a low-level character with advanced equipment from another player.
bingo: To play the game of bingo.
bingo: To give the winning cry of "bingo!" in a game.
bingo: To play all of one's seven tiles in one move in the game of Scrabble, earning a score bonus.
bingo: To return to base.
whomp: To hit extremely hard.
jokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of joke
butch: To work as a butcher.
butch: To slaughter (animals) and prepare (meat) for market.
going: present participle and gerund of go
going: Attending or visiting (a stated event, place, etc.) habitually or regularly.
blues: third-person singular simple present indicative of blue
sissy: To urinate.
sissy: To sissygasm (reach orgasm solely by penetration of the anus).
track: To continue over time.
track: To observe the (measured) state of a person or object over time.
track: To continue over time.
track: To monitor the movement of a person or object.
track: To continue over time.
track: To match the movement or change of a person or object.
track: To continue over time.
track: To travel so that a moving object remains in shot.
track: To continue over time.
track: To move.
track: To continue over time.
track: To traverse; to move across.
track: To continue over time.
track: To tow.
track: To continue over time.
track: To exhibit good cognitive function.
track: To follow the tracks of.
track: To discover the location of a person or object by following traces.
track: To make tracks on or to leave in the form of tracks.
track: To create a musical recording (a track).
track: To create a musical recording (a track).
track: To create music using tracker software.
track: To make sense; to be consistent with known information
court: To seek to achieve or win.
court: To risk (a consequence, usually negative).
court: To try to win a commitment to marry from.
court: To engage in behavior leading to mating.
court: To attempt to attract.
court: To invite by attractions; to allure; to attract.
court: To attempt to gain alliance with.
court: To engage in activities intended to win someone's affections.
court: To engage in courtship behavior.
shell: To remove the outer covering or shell of something.
shell: To bombard, to fire projectiles at, especially with artillery.
shell: To disburse or give up money, to pay. (Often used with out).
shell: To fall off, as a shell, crust, etc.
shell: To cast the shell, or exterior covering; to fall out of the pod or husk.
shell: To switch to a shell or command line.
shell: To form shallow, irregular cracks (in a coating).
shell: To form a shelling.
pivot: To turn on an exact spot.
pivot: To make a sudden or swift change in strategy, policy, etc.
pivot: To change the direction of a business, usually in response to changes in the market.
pivot: To make a sudden or swift change in strategy, policy, etc.
pivot: To shift a political candidate's messaging during a general election to reflect plans and values more moderate than those advocated during the primary.
ennui: To make bored or listless; to weary.
shrub: To lop; to prune.
shrub: To mispronounce a word by replacing some consonant sounds with others of a similar place of articulation due to interference from one's knowledge of an indigenous Kenyan language.
flack: To flutter; palpitate.
flack: To hang loosely; flag.
flack: To beat by flapping.
flack: To publicise, to promote.
swive: To copulate with (a woman).
swive: To cut a crop in a sweeping or rambling manner, hence to reap; cut for harvest.
squat: To bend deeply at the knees while resting on one's feet.
squat: To perform one or more callisthenic exercises by moving the body and bending at least one knee.
squat: To perform one or more callisthenic exercises by moving the body and bending at least one knee.
squat: To exercise by bending deeply at the knees and then rising, while bearing weight across the shoulders or upper back.
squat: To occupy or reside in a place without the permission of the owner.
squat: To sit close to the ground; to stoop, or lie close to the ground, for example to escape observation.
squat: To bruise or flatten by a fall; to squash.
squat: To cybersquat.
harry: To plunder, pillage, assault.
harry: To make repeated attacks on an enemy.
harry: To strip, lay waste, ravage.
harry: To harass, bother or distress with demands, threats, or criticism.
hovel: To put in a hovel; to shelter.
hovel: To construct a chimney so as to prevent smoking, by making two of the more exposed walls higher than the others, or making an opening on one side near the top.
pinch: To squeeze a small amount of a person's skin and flesh, making it hurt.
pinch: To squeeze between the thumb and forefinger.
pinch: To squeeze between two objects.
pinch: Of clothing, to be uncomfortably tight in specific spots.
pinch: To steal, usually something inconsequential.
pinch: To arrest or capture.
pinch: To cut shoots or buds of a plant in order to shape the plant, or to improve its yield.
pinch: To sail so close-hauled that the sails begin to flutter.
pinch: To take hold; to grip, as a dog does.
pinch: To be stingy or covetous; to live sparingly.
pinch: To seize; to grip; to bite.
pinch: To cramp; to straiten; to oppress; to starve.
pinch: To move, as a railroad car, by prying the wheels with a pinch.
pinch: To complain or find fault.
boobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of boob
mores: third-person singular simple present indicative of more
felch: To suck semen out of a sexual partner's vagina or anus.
honor: To think of highly, to respect highly; to show respect for; to recognise the importance or spiritual value of.
honor: To conform to, abide by, act in accordance with (an agreement, treaty, promise, request, or the like).
honor: To confer (bestow) an honour or privilege upon (someone).
honor: To make payment in respect of (a cheque, banker's draft, etc.).
tanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tank
spiff: (usually with up or out) To make spiffy (attractive, polished, or up-to-date)
spiff: To reward (a salesperson) with a spiff or bonus.
spiff: To attach a spiff or bonus to the selling of (a product)
glomp: To embrace enthusiastically; to pounce on and hug, often from a running start.
unfit: To make unfit; to render unsuitable, spoil, disqualify.
reify: to regard something abstract as if it were a concrete material thing.
sniff: To make a short, audible inhalation, through the nose, as when smelling something.
sniff: To say (something) while sniffing, such as in case of illness or unhappiness, or in contempt.
sniff: To perceive vaguely.
sniff: To pry; to investigate in an interfering manner.
sniff: To be dismissive or contemptuous of something; used with at.
sniff: To intercept and analyse packets of data being transmitted over a network.
sniff: To inhale drugs (usually cocaine) through the nose, usually in powder form.
mince: To make less; to make small.
mince: To lessen; to diminish; to diminish in speaking; to speak of lightly or slightingly; to minimise.
mince: To effect mincingly.
mince: To cut into very small pieces; to chop finely.
mince: To suppress or weaken the force of.
mince: To say or utter vaguely (not directly or frankly).
mince: To affect; to pronounce affectedly or with an accent.
mince: To walk with short steps; to walk in a prim, affected manner.
mince: To act or talk with affected nicety; to affect delicacy in manner.
pikey: To steal.
spasm: To produce and undergo a spasm or series of spasms.
skank: To dance the skank.
skank: To play guitar with a skank rhythm.
skank: To be dishonest or unreliable, to defraud or deceive, to steal.
skank: To cheat, especially a friend.
creme: Alternative spelling of crème
shift: To move from one place to another; to redistribute.
shift: To change in form or character; switch.
shift: To change position.
shift: To change residence; to leave and live elsewhere.
shift: To change (clothes, especially underwear).
shift: To change (someone's) clothes; sometimes specifically, to change underwear.
shift: To change gears (in a car).
shift: To move the keys of a typewriter over in order to type capital letters and special characters.
shift: To switch to a character entry mode for capital letters and special characters.
shift: To manipulate a binary number by moving all of its digits left or right; compare rotate.
shift: To remove the first value from an array.
shift: To dispose of.
shift: To hurry; to move quickly.
shift: To engage in sexual petting.
shift: To resort to expedients for accomplishing a purpose; to contrive; to manage.
shift: To practice indirect or evasive methods.
shift: In violin-playing, to move the left hand from its original position next to the nut.
shift: To change the reality one's consciousness resides in through meditation or other means.
shift: To steal or kidnap.
worry: To be troubled; to give way to mental anxiety or doubt.
worry: Disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress.
worry: To harass; to irritate or distress.
worry: To seize or shake by the throat, especially of a dog or wolf.
worry: To touch repeatedly, to fiddle with.
worry: To strangle.
huzza: Alternative spelling of huzzah
swamp: To drench or fill with water.
swamp: To overwhelm; to make too busy, or overrun the capacity of.
swamp: To plunge into difficulties and perils; to overwhelm; to ruin; to wreck.
quiff: To arrange (the hair) in such a manner.
rebel: To resist or become defiant toward an authority.
fraud: To defraud
pwned: simple past and past participle of pwn
tonic: To restore or invigorate.
ruler: To beat with a ruler (as a traditional school punishment).
dildo: To penetrate with a dildo or with another object as if it were a dildo.
oomph: To produce a bassy grunting or thudding sound.
flask: To invest a denture in a flask so as to produce a sectional mold.
penes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pene
besom: To sweep.
gills: third-person singular simple present indicative of gill
howdy: To greet informally, especially by saying "howdy"
strum: To play (a guitar or other stringed instrument) using various strings simultaneously.
shave: To make (the head, skin etc.) bald or (the hair) shorter by using a tool such as a razor or electric clippers to cut the hair close to the skin.
shave: To cut anything in this fashion.
shave: To remove hair from one's face by this means.
shave: To cut finely, as with slices of meat.
shave: To skim along or near the surface of; to pass close to, or touch lightly, in passing.
shave: To reduce in size, weight, time taken etc., usually by a small amount.
shave: To be hard and severe in a bargain with; to practice extortion on; to cheat.
shave: To buy (a note) at a discount greater than the legal rate of interest, or to deduct in discounting it more than the legal rate allows.
repel: To turn (someone) away from a privilege, right, job, etc.
repel: To reject, put off (a request, demand etc.).
repel: To ward off (a malignant influence, attack etc.).
repel: To drive back (an assailant, advancing force etc.).
repel: To force away by means of a repulsive force.
repel: To cause repulsion or dislike in; to disgust.
repel: To save (a shot).
mount: To get upon; to ascend; to climb.
mount: To place oneself on (a horse, a bicycle, etc.); to bestride.
mount: To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding.
mount: To cause (something) to rise or ascend; to drive up; to raise; to elevate; to lift up.
mount: To sit on a combatants torso with the face pointing towards the opponent's head; to assume the mount position in ground grappling.
mount: To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; often with up.
mount: To attach (an object) to a support, backing, framework etc.
mount: To attach (a drive or device) to the file system in order to make it available to the operating system.
mount: To increase in quantity or intensity.
mount: To attain in value; to amount (to).
mount: To get on top of (another) for the purpose of copulation.
mount: To have sexual intercourse with someone.
mount: To begin (a campaign, military assault, etc.); to launch.
mount: To deploy (cannon) for use.
mount: To prepare and arrange the scenery, furniture, etc. for use in (a play or production).
mount: To incorporate fat, especially butter, into (a dish, especially a sauce to finish it).
scalp: To remove the scalp (part of the head from where the hair grows), by brutal act or accident.
scalp: To resell, especially tickets, usually for an inflated price, often illegally.
scalp: To bet on opposing competitors so as to make a profit from the bookmaker.
scalp: On an open outcry exchange trading floor, to buy and sell rapidly for one's own account, aiming to buy from a seller and a little later sell to a buyer, making a small profit from the difference (roughly the amount of the bid/offer spread, or less).
scalp: To screen or sieve ore before further processing.
scalp: To remove the skin of.
scalp: To remove the grass from.
scalp: To destroy the political influence of.
scalp: To brush the hairs or fuzz from (wheat grains, etc.) in the process of high milling.
bulge: To stick out from (a surface).
bulge: To bilge, as a ship; to founder.
winch: To use a winch
winch: To wince; to shrink
winch: To kick with impatience or uneasiness.
tided: simple past and past participle of tide
tease: To separate the fibres of (a fibrous material).
tease: To comb (originally with teasels) so that the fibres all lie in one direction.
tease: To backcomb.
tease: To poke fun at, either cruelly or affectionately.
tease: To provoke or disturb; to annoy.
tease: To manipulate or influence the behavior of, especially by repeated acts of irritation.
tease: To entice, tempt.
tease: To show as forthcoming, in the manner of a teaser.
ratio: To respond to a post or message on social media in a greater number than the number of likes the post receives, especially to condemn or mock the original poster.
fugue: To improvise, in singing, by introducing vocal ornamentation to fill gaps etc.
fugue: To spend time in a dissociative fugue state.
sushi: To prepare (a food) as sushi.
icing: present participle and gerund of ice
sewer: To provide (a place) with a system of sewers.
reign: To exercise sovereign power, to rule as a monarch.
reign: To reign over (a country)
reign: To be the winner of the most recent iteration of a competition.
reign: To be a dominant quality of a place or situation; to prevail, predominate, rule.
bunch: To gather into a bunch.
bunch: To gather fabric into folds.
bunch: To form a bunch.
bunch: To be gathered together in folds
bunch: To protrude or swell
spank: To beat, smack or slap a person's buttocks, with the bare hand or other object, as punishment, gesture, or form of sexual interaction.
spank: To soundly defeat, to trounce.
spank: To hit very hard.
spank: To move rapidly.
bleep: To emit one or more bleeps.
bleep: To edit out inappropriate spoken language in a broadcast by replacing offending words with bleeps.
bleep: To contact someone by pager.
evert: To turn inside out (like a pocket being emptied) or outwards.
evert: To move (someone or something) out of the way.
evert: To turn upside down; to overturn.
evert: To disrupt; to overthrow.
swarm: To move as a swarm.
swarm: To teem, or be overrun with insects, people, etc.
swarm: To fill a place as a swarm.
swarm: To overwhelm as by an opposing army.
swarm: To climb by gripping with arms and legs alternately.
swarm: To breed multitudes.
ferry: To carry; transport; convey.
ferry: To move someone or something from one place to another, usually repeatedly.
ferry: To carry or transport over a contracted body of water, as a river or strait, in a boat or other floating conveyance plying between opposite shores.
ferry: To pass over water in a boat or by ferry.
pluck: To pull something sharply; to pull something out
pluck: To take or remove (someone) quickly from a particular place or situation.
pluck: To gently play a single string, e.g. on a guitar, violin etc.
pluck: To remove feathers from a bird.
pluck: To rob, steal from; to cheat or swindle (someone).
pluck: To play a string instrument pizzicato.
pluck: To pull or twitch sharply.
pluck: To reject (a student) after they fail an examination for a degree.
pluck: Of a glacier: to transport individual pieces of bedrock by means of gradual erosion through freezing and thawing.
whisk: To move something with quick light sweeping motions.
whisk: In cooking, to whip e.g. eggs or cream.
whisk: To move something rapidly and with no warning.
whisk: To move lightly and nimbly.
whisk: To move whiskers.
stash: To hide or store away for later use.
inert: To fill with an inert gas to reduce the risk of explosion.
title: To assign a title to; to entitle.
based: simple past and past participle of base
based: Being derived from (usually followed by on or upon).
based: simple past and past participle of base
based: Having a base
based: simple past and past participle of base
based: Having a base of operations.
nails: third-person singular simple present indicative of nail
groan: To make a groan.
groan: To seemingly creak under the strain of being heavily laden.
groan: To strive after earnestly, as if with groans.
notch: To cut a notch in (something).
notch: To record (a score or similar) by making notches on something.
notch: To join by means of notches.
notch: To achieve (something); to add to one's score or record of successes.
notch: To fit (an arrow) to a bow by means of the notch cut at the end of the arrow; to nock.
falls: third-person singular simple present indicative of fall
chuck: To place in a chuck, or hold by means of a chuck, as in turning.
chuck: To bore or turn (a hole) in a revolving piece held in a chuck.
chuck: To make a clucking sound.
chuck: To call, as a hen her chickens.
chuck: To chuckle; to laugh.
chuck: To touch or tap gently.
chuck: To throw, especially in a careless or inaccurate manner.
chuck: To throw; to bowl with an incorrect action.
chuck: To discard, to throw away.
chuck: To jilt; to dump.
chuck: To give up; to stop doing; to quit.
chuck: To vomit.
chuck: To leave; to depart; to bounce.
chuck: On rhythm guitar or mandolin etc.: to mute a chord by lifting the fretting fingers immediately after strumming, producing a percussive effect.
saith: third-person singular simple present indicative of say
cards: third-person singular simple present indicative of card
motor: To make a journey by motor vehicle; to drive.
motor: To rotate a jet engine or turboprop using the engine's starter, without introducing fuel into the engine.
motor: To progress at a brisk pace.
motor: To leave.
grade: To assign scores to the components of an academic test, or to overall academic performance.
grade: To organize in grades.
grade: To flatten, level, or smooth a large surface, especially with a grader.
grade: To remove or trim part of a seam allowance from a finished seam so as to reduce bulk and make the finished piece more even when turned right side out.
grade: To apply classifying labels to data (typically by a manual rather than automatic process).
grade: To describe, modify or inflect so as to classify as to degree.
grade: To pass imperceptibly from one grade into another.
grade: To pass from one school grade into the next.
wield: To command, rule over; to possess or own.
wield: To control, to guide or manage.
wield: To carry out, to bring about.
wield: To handle with skill and ease, especially a weapon or tool.
wield: To exercise (authority or influence) effectively.
moiré: To give a watered or clouded appearance to (a surface).
mumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mump
helix: To form or cause to form a helix.
reuse: To use again something that is considered past its usefulness (usually for something else).
reuse: To use again, or in another place.
clerk: To act as a clerk, to perform the duties or functions of a clerk.
flint: To furnish or decorate an object with flint.
woods: third-person singular simple present indicative of wood
plain: To level; to raze; to make plain or even on the surface.
plain: To make plain or manifest; to explain.
plain: To complain.
plain: To lament, bewail.
issue: To flow out, to proceed from, to come out or from.
issue: To rush out, to sally forth.
issue: To extend into, to open onto.
issue: To turn out in a certain way, to result in.
issue: To end up as, to turn out being, to become as a result.
issue: To come to a point in fact or law on which the parties join issue.
issue: To send out; to put into circulation.
issue: To deliver for use.
issue: To deliver by authority.
occur: To happen or take place.
occur: To present or offer itself.
occur: To come or be presented to the mind; to suggest itself.
occur: To be present or found.
plans: third-person singular simple present indicative of plan
makes: third-person singular simple present indicative of make
fault: To criticize, blame or find fault with something or someone.
fault: To fracture.
fault: To commit a mistake or error.
fault: To undergo a page fault.
pansy: To mess about; to fail to get things done.
lorry: To transport by, or as if by, lorry.
fence: To enclose, contain or separate by building fence.
fence: To defend or guard.
fence: To engage in the selling or buying of stolen goods.
fence: To engage in the sport of fencing.
fence: To jump over a fence.
fence: To conceal the truth by giving equivocal answers; to hedge; to be evasive.
tango: To dance the tango.
tango: To mingle or interact (with each other).
beset: To surround or hem in.
beset: To attack or assail, especially from all sides.
beset: To decorate something with jewels etc.
beset: Of a ship, to get trapped by ice.
chunk: To break into large pieces or chunks.
chunk: To break down (language, etc.) into conceptual pieces of manageable size.
chunk: To throw.
chunk: Deal a substantial amount of damage to an opponent.
spazz: Alternative spelling of spaz
total: To add up; to calculate the sum of.
total: To equal a total of; to amount to.
total: To demolish; to wreck completely. (from total loss)
total: To amount to; to add up to.
lower: To let descend by its own weight, as something suspended; to let down
lower: to pull down
lower: To reduce the height of
lower: To depress as to direction
lower: To make less elevated
lower: To reduce the degree, intensity, strength, etc., of
lower: To bring down; to humble
lower: To humble oneself; to do something one considers to be beneath one's dignity.
lower: To reduce (something) in value, amount, etc.
lower: To fall; to sink; to grow less; to diminish; to decrease
lower: To decrease in value, amount, etc.
lower: To reduce operations to single machine instructions, as part of compilation of a program.
lower: Alternative spelling of lour
shits: third-person singular simple present indicative of shit
cowed: simple past and past participle of cow
yield: to give
yield: To pay, give in payment; repay, recompense; reward; requite.
yield: to give
yield: To furnish; to afford; to render; to give forth.
yield: to give
yield: To give, or give forth, (anything).
yield: To give up; to surrender or capitulate.
yield: To give as demanded; to relinquish.
yield: To give up; to surrender or capitulate.
yield: To give way; to allow another to pass first.
yield: To give up; to surrender or capitulate.
yield: To give way; to succumb to a force.
yield: To give up; to surrender or capitulate.
yield: To pass the material's yield point and undergo plastic deformation.
yield: To give up; to surrender or capitulate.
yield: To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.
yield: to produce
yield: To produce as return, as from an investment.
yield: to produce
yield: To produce as a result.
yield: to produce
yield: To produce a particular sound as the result of a sound law.
query: To ask a question.
query: To ask, inquire.
query: To question or call into doubt.
query: To pass a set of instructions to a database to retrieve information from it.
query: To send a private message to (a user on IRC).
query: To send out a query letter.
shank: To travel on foot.
shank: To stab, especially with an improvised blade.
shank: To remove another's trousers, especially in jest; to depants.
shank: To misstrike the ball with the part of the club head that connects to the shaft.
shank: To hit or kick the ball in an unintended direction.
shank: To fall off, as a leaf, flower, or capsule, on account of disease affecting the supporting footstalk; usually followed by off.
shank: To provide (a button) with a shank (loop forming an eye).
shank: To apply the shank to a shoe, during the process of manufacturing it.
piles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pile
refer: To direct the attention of (someone toward something)
refer: To submit to (another person or group) for consideration; to send or direct elsewhere.
refer: To place in or under by a mental or rational process; to assign to, as a class, a cause, source, a motive, reason, or ground of explanation.
refer: To mention (something); to direct attention (to something)
refer: To make reference to; to be about; to relate to; to regard; to allude to.
refer: To be referential to another element in a sentence.
refer: To point to either a specific location in computer memory or to a specific object. [+ to (object)]
refer: To point to either a specific location in computer memory or to a specific object.
refer: To require to resit an examination.
times: third-person singular simple present indicative of time
times: To multiply.
prong: To pierce or poke with, or as if with, a prong.
strip: To remove or take away, often in strips or stripes.
strip: To take off clothing.
strip: To perform a striptease.
strip: To take away something from (someone or something); to plunder; to divest.
strip: To remove cargo from (a container).
strip: To remove (the thread or teeth) from a screw, nut, or gear, especially inadvertently by overtightening.
strip: To fail in the thread; to lose the thread, as a bolt, screw, or nut.
strip: To fire (a bullet or ball) from a rifle such that it fails to pick up a spin from the rifling.
strip: To fail to pick up a spin from the grooves in a rifle barrel.
strip: To remove color from hair, cloth, etc. to prepare it to receive new color.
strip: To remove all cards of a particular suit from another player. (See also strip-squeeze.)
strip: To empty (tubing) by applying pressure to the outside of (the tubing) and moving that pressure along (the tubing).
strip: To milk a cow, especially by stroking and compressing the teats to draw out the last of the milk.
strip: To press out the ripe roe or milt from fishes, for artificial fecundation.
strip: To run a television series at the same time daily (or at least on Mondays to Fridays), so that it appears as a strip straight across the weekly schedule.
strip: To pare off the surface of (land) in strips.
strip: To remove the overlying earth from (a deposit).
strip: To pass; to get clear of; to outstrip.
strip: To remove the insulation from a wire/cable.
strip: To remove the metal coating from (a plated article), as by acids or electrolytic action.
strip: To remove fibre, flock, or lint from; said of the teeth of a card when it becomes partly clogged.
strip: To pick the cured leaves from the stalks of (tobacco) and tie them into "hands".
strip: To remove the midrib from (tobacco leaves).
siren: To make a noise with, or as if with, a siren.
flier: Alternative form of flyer
shoal: To arrive at a shallow (or less deep) area.
shoal: To cause a shallowing; to come to a more shallow part of.
shoal: To become shallow.
shoal: To collect in a shoal; to throng.
pixel: To create computer graphics by editing individual pixels.
utter: To produce (speech or other sounds) with one's voice.
utter: To reveal or express (an idea, thought, desire, etc.) with speech.
utter: To produce (a noise) (of an inanimate object).
utter: To spit or blow (something) out of one's mouth.
utter: To emit or give off (breath).
utter: To shed (a tear or tears).
utter: To offer (something) for sale; to sell.
utter: To put (currency) into circulation.
utter: To show (something that has been hidden); to reveal the identity of (someone).
utter: To send or put (something) out.
utter: To commit the crime of uttering (knowingly presenting forged documentation).
spose: Pronunciation spelling of suppose.
flyer: To distribute flyers (leaflets).
flyer: To distribute flyers in (a location) or to (recipients).
align: To form a line; to fall into line.
align: To adjust or form to a line; to range or form in line; to bring into line.
align: To organize in a consistent, defined way, perhaps in an abstract sense.
align: To store (data) in a way that is consistent with the memory architecture, i.e. by beginning each item at an offset equal to some multiple of the word size.
align: To identify (oneself) with, match, or support the behaviour, thoughts, etc. of another person, organization, or country.
align: To organize a linear arrangement of DNA, RNA or protein sequences which have regions of similarity.
hinge: To attach by, or equip with a hinge.
hinge: To depend on something.
hinge: The breaking off of the distal end of a knapped stone flake whose presumed course across the face of the stone core was truncated prematurely, leaving not a feathered distal end but instead the scar of a nearly perpendicular break.
hinge: To bend.
hinge: To move or already be positioned in such a fashion that it presents itself as rotation when an off-centre fixed point is taken into account.
sloth: To be idle; to idle (away time).
admin: To serve as an administrator for or of.
palsy: To paralyse, either completely or partially.
valet: To serve (someone) as a valet.
valet: To clean and service (a car), as a valet does.
valet: To leave (a car) with a valet to park it.
poise: To hang in equilibrium; to be balanced or suspended; hence, to be in suspense or doubt.
poise: To counterpoise; to counterbalance.
poise: To be of a given weight; to weigh.
poise: To add weight to, to weigh down.
poise: To hold (something) with or against something else in equilibrium; to balance, counterpose.
poise: To hold (something) in equilibrium, to hold balanced and ready; to carry (something) ready to be used.
poise: To keep (something) in equilibrium; to hold suspended or balanced.
poise: To ascertain, as if by balancing; to weigh.
forge: To shape a metal by heating and hammering.
forge: To form or create with concerted effort.
forge: To create a forgery of; to make a counterfeit item of; to copy or imitate unlawfully.
forge: To make falsely; to produce, as that which is untrue or not genuine; to fabricate.
forge: To move forward heavily and slowly (originally as a ship); to advance gradually but steadily; to proceed towards a goal in the face of resistance or difficulty.
forge: To advance, move or act with an abrupt increase in speed or energy.
kazoo: To play the kazoo.
diary: To keep a diary or journal.
shlep: Alternative form of schlep
verge: To be or come very close; to border; to approach.
verge: To bend or incline; to tend downward; to slope.
throb: To pound or beat rapidly or violently.
throb: To vibrate or pulsate with a steady rhythm.
throb: To pulse (often painfully) in time with the circulation of blood.
throb: To exhibit an attitude, trait, or affect powerfully and profoundly.
blank: To make void; to erase.
blank: To ignore (a person) deliberately.
blank: To render ineffective by blanketing with turbulent airflow, such as from aircraft wake or reverse thrust.
blank: To prevent from scoring; for example, in a sporting event.
blank: To become blank.
blank: To be temporarily unable to remember.
stall: To put (an animal, etc.) in a stall.
stall: To fatten.
stall: To live in, or as if in, a stall; to dwell.
stall: To place in an office with the customary formalities; to install.
stall: To forestall; to anticipate.
stall: To keep close; to keep secret.
stall: To employ delaying tactics against.
stall: To employ delaying tactics; to stall for time.
stall: To come to a standstill.
stall: To cause to stop making progress; to hinder; to slow down; to delay or forestall.
stall: To exceed the critical angle of attack, resulting in loss of lift.
stall: To cause to exceed the critical angle of attack, resulting in loss of lift.
stall: To plunge into mire or snow so as not to be able to get on; to set; to fix.
stall: To stop suddenly.
stall: To cause the engine of a manual-transmission car or truck to stop by going too slowly for the selected gear.
stall: To be stuck, as in mire or snow; to stick fast.
stall: To be tired of eating, as cattle.
crawl: To creep; to move slowly on hands and knees, or by dragging the body along the ground.
crawl: To move forward slowly, with frequent stops.
crawl: To act in a servile manner.
crawl: Followed by with: see crawl with.
crawl: To feel a swarming sensation.
crawl: To swim using the crawl stroke.
crawl: To move over (an area) on hands and knees.
crawl: To move over (an area) slowly, with frequent stops.
crawl: To visit files or web sites in order to index them for searching.
polka: To dance the polka.
spiel: To talk at length.
spiel: To give a sales pitch; to promote by speaking.
vault: To build as, or cover with a vault.
vault: To remove (an item, character, etc.) from a video game in an update.
vault: To jump or leap over with a hand and/or foot on the item for support.
hyper: To expose (an animal) to a disease-causing organism, to promote hyperimmunity.
gloss: To give a gloss or sheen to.
gloss: To make (something) attractive by deception
gloss: To become shiny.
gloss: Used in a phrasal verb: gloss over (“to cover up a mistake or crime, to treat something with less care than it deserves”).
gloss: To add a gloss to (a text).
jerky: To cure and preserve (meat) by drying it, making jerky.
shawl: To wrap in a shawl.
nudge: To push against gently, especially in order to gain attention or give a signal.
nudge: To near or come close to something.
nudge: To move slightly.
scrum: To form a scrum.
moped: simple past and past participle of mope
scone: To hit on the head.
forms: third-person singular simple present indicative of form
ravel: To entwine or tangle (something) confusedly; to entangle.
ravel: Often followed by up: to form (something) out of discrete elements, like weaving fabric from threads; to knit.
ravel: To unwind (a reel of thread, a skein of yarn, etc.); to pull apart (cloth, a seam, etc.); to fray, to unpick, to unravel; also, to pull out (a string of yarn, a thread, etc.) from a piece of fabric, or a skein or reel.
ravel: To confuse or perplex (someone or something).
ravel: Often followed by out: to undo the intricacies of (a problem, etc.); to clarify, to disentangle.
ravel: To destroy or ruin (something), like unravelling fabric.
ravel: In the APL programming language: to reshape (a variable) into a vector.
ravel: Often followed by out: of a reel of thread or skein of yarn; or a thread on a reel or a string of yarn in a skein, etc.: to become untwisted or unwound.
ravel: Often followed by out: of clothing, fabric, etc.: to become unwoven; to fray, to unravel.
ravel: To become entangled or snarled.
proxy: To serve as a proxy for.
proxy: To function as a server for a client device, but pass on the requests to another server for service.
stoke: To poke, pierce, thrust.
stoke: To feed, stir up, especially, a fire or furnace.
stoke: To encourage a behavior or emotion.
stoke: To attend to or supply a furnace with fuel; to act as a stoker or fireman.
takes: third-person singular simple present indicative of take
braai: To grill meat over an open flame (not on a gas grill).
spoor: To track an animal by following its spoor
wagon: To load into a wagon in preparation for transportation; to transport by means of a wagon.
wagon: To travel in a wagon.
notes: third-person singular simple present indicative of note
lines: third-person singular simple present indicative of line
kraal: To enclose (livestock) within a kraal or stockade.
slurp: To eat or drink noisily.
slurp: To make a loud sucking noise.
croon: To hum or sing (a song or tune), or to speak (words), softly in a low pitch or in a sentimental manner; specifically, to sing (a popular song) in a low, mellow voice.
croon: To soothe (a person or an animal) by singing softly.
croon: To hum or sing, or to speak, softly in a low pitch or in a sentimental manner; specifically, to sing a popular song in a low, mellow voice.
croon: To lament, to moan.
croon: To make a continuous hollow low-pitched moan, as of cattle; to bellow, to low.
croon: Of a large bell: to make a low-pitched sound.
spook: To frighten or make nervous (especially by startling).
spook: To become frightened (by something startling).
spook: To haunt.
minge: Synonym of ming (“to mix”)
perve: Alternative form of perv
rates: third-person singular simple present indicative of rate
sidle: To (cause something to) move sideways.
sidle: In the intransitive sense often followed by up: to (cause something to) advance in a coy, furtive, or unobtrusive manner.
jihad: To participate in a jihad.
loath: Obsolete spelling of loathe
kings: third-person singular simple present indicative of king
votes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vote
craps: third-person singular simple present indicative of crap
dulce: To make sweet; to soothe.
frore: simple past and past participle of freeze
belie: To lie around; encompass.
belie: To surround; beleaguer.
belie: To tell lies about.
belie: To give a false representation of.
belie: To contradict, to show (something) to be false.
belie: To call a liar; to accuse of falsehood.
belie: To fill with lies; to lie to.
belie: To conceal the contradictory or ironic presence of (something).
belie: To show, evince or demonstrate (something) to be present, particularly something deemed contradictory or ironic.
belie: To mimic; to counterfeit.
whoop: To make a whoop.
whoop: To shout, to yell.
whoop: To cough or breathe with a sonorous inspiration, as in whooping cough.
whoop: To insult with shouts; to chase with derision.
whoop: To beat, to strike.
whoop: To defeat thoroughly.
mimic: To imitate, especially in order to ridicule.
mimic: To take on the appearance of another, for protection or camouflage.
crank: To turn by means of a crank.
crank: To turn a crank.
crank: To turn.
crank: To cause to spin via other means, as though turned by a crank.
crank: To act in a cranky manner; to behave unreasonably and irritably, especially through complaining.
crank: To be running at a high level of output or effort.
crank: To run with a winding course; to double; to crook; to wind and turn.
dowry: To bestow a dowry upon.
shore: To arrive at the shore
shore: To put ashore.
shore: Not followed by up: to provide (something) with support.
shore: Usually followed by up: to reinforce (something at risk of failure).
shore: simple past of shear
shore: To threaten or warn (someone).
shore: To offer (someone).
spoof: To gently satirize.
spoof: To deceive.
spoof: To falsify.
spoof: To ejaculate, to come.
smurf: Used to replace any other verb, as is typical of smurfs.
smurf: To split a large financial transaction into smaller ones so as to avoid scrutiny; to carry out structuring.
smurf: To carry out a smurf attack against someone.
smurf: To use a smurf account.
dowdy: To press the crust into the filling during baking, to allow the juices to caramelize on top.
heads: third-person singular simple present indicative of head
minus: To subtract.
vogue: To dance in the vogue dance style.
vogue: To light a cigarette for (someone).
scope: To perform a cursory investigation of; scope out.
scope: To perform any medical procedure that ends in the suffix -scopy, such as endoscopy, colonoscopy, bronchoscopy, etc.
scope: To define the scope of something.
scope: To limit (an object or variable) to a certain region of program source code.
scope: To examine under a microscope.
scope: To observe a bird using a spotting scope.
merge: To combine into a whole.
merge: To blend gradually into something else.
rekey: To enter information into a device, such as a keyboard or keypad, after it has been done at least once before.
rekey: To modify (a lock or its cylinder) to change which keys will open it.
rekey: To change the key or tenor of; to reframe.
resin: To apply resin to.
mains: third-person singular simple present indicative of main
chill: To lower the temperature of something; to cool.
chill: To become cold.
chill: To harden a metal surface by sudden cooling.
chill: To become hard by rapid cooling.
chill: To relax; to lie back.
chill: To "hang", hang out; to spend time with another person or group.
chill: To smoke marijuana.
chill: To discourage, depress.
cramp: (of a muscle) To contract painfully and uncontrollably.
cramp: To affect with cramps or spasms.
cramp: To prohibit movement or expression of.
cramp: To restrain to a specific physical position, as if with a cramp.
cramp: To fasten or hold with, or as if with, a cramp iron.
cramp: To bind together; to unite.
cramp: To form on a cramp.
fagot: To make a fagot of; to bind together in a fagot or bundle.
gully: To flow noisily..
gully: To wear away into a gully or gullies.
boing: To make a boing sound or bouncing motion.
frizz: Of hair, to form into a mass of tight curls.
frizz: To curl; to make frizzy.
frizz: To form into little burs, knobs, or tufts, as the nap of cloth.
frizz: To make (leather) soft and of even thickness by rubbing, as with pumice stone or a blunt instrument.
frizz: To fry, cook, or sear with a sizzling noise; to sizzle.
chump: Dated form of chomp.
rebus: To represent (a phrase or word) as a rebus.
rebus: To apply a rebus to (something).
evoke: To call out; to draw out or bring forth.
evoke: To cause the manifestation of something (emotion, picture, etc.) in someone's mind or imagination.
evoke: To elicit a response.
wharf: To secure by a wharf.
wharf: To place on a wharf.
excel: To surpass someone or something; to be better or do better than someone or something.
excel: To be much better than others.
excel: To exceed, to go beyond
petal: To spread out from, like the petals of a flower
begat: simple past of beget
fully: To commit or send someone to trial.
fazed: simple past and past participle of faze
spide: simple past and past participle of spy
sarge: To go out and engage women in order to pick them up.
elder: To admonish or reprove for improper conduct by the elders of the meeting.
gross: To earn money, not including expenses.
ozone: To treat with ozone.
beget: To father; to sire; to produce (a child).
beget: To cause; to produce.
beget: To bring forth.
beget: To happen to; befall.
cited: simple past and past participle of cite
faced: simple past and past participle of face
becue: To make fast a rope to an anchor, used when anchored over a rocky bottom, so as to allow the anchor to be hoisted from its flukes to escape an entrapment on the bottom.
yiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of yiff
bells: third-person singular simple present indicative of bell
wrath: To anger (someone); to enrage.
wrath: To become angry with (someone).
wrath: To become angry.
amend: To make better; improve.
amend: To become better.
amend: To heal (someone sick); to cure (a disease etc.).
amend: To be healed, to be cured, to recover (from an illness).
amend: To make a formal alteration (in legislation, a report, etc.) by adding, deleting, or rephrasing.
snort: To make a snort; to exhale roughly through the nose.
snort: To express or force out by snorting.
snort: To express contempt or disgust by (or as if by) a snorting sound.
snort: To inhale (usually a drug) through the nose.
snort: To snore.
snort: To sail at periscope depth through the use of a snort or snorkel.
lasso: To catch with a lasso.
taboo: To mark as taboo.
taboo: To ban.
taboo: To avoid.
ha'nt: Alternative form of haunt, haint
binge: To engage in a short period of excessive consumption, especially of excessive alcohol consumption.
olden: To grow old; age; assume an older appearance or character; become affected by age.
shove: To push, especially roughly or with force.
shove: To move off or along by an act of pushing, as with an oar or pole used in a boat; sometimes with off.
shove: To make an all-in bet.
shove: To pass (counterfeit money).
shove: simple past of shave
munch: To chew with a grinding, crunching sound, and with the mouth closed.
munch: To eat vigorously or with excitement.
sexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sex
dying: present participle and gerund of die
dying: present participle and gerund of dye
owing: present participle and gerund of owe
bloat: To cause to become distended.
bloat: To get an overdistended rumen, talking of a ruminant.
bloat: To fill soft substance with gas, water, etc.; to cause to swell.
bloat: To become distended; to swell up.
bloat: To fill with vanity or conceit.
bloat: To preserve by slightly salting and lightly smoking.
bloat: To increase to an excessive amount.
swole: simple past and past participle of swell: swelled; swollen.
ought: simple past of owe
ought: Indicating duty or obligation.
ought: Indicating advisability or prudence.
ought: Indicating desirability.
ought: Indicating likelihood or probability.
milse: To be merciful to; show clemency to; pardon.
knell: To ring a bell slowly, especially for a funeral; to toll.
knell: To signal or proclaim something (especially a death) by ringing a bell.
knell: To summon by, or as if by, ringing a bell.
knoll: To ring (a bell) mournfully; to knell.
knoll: To sound (something) like a bell; to knell.
knoll: To call (someone, to church) by sounding or making a knell (as a bell, a trumpet, etc).
knoll: To arrange related objects in parallel or at 90 degree angles.
loved: simple past and past participle of love
blink: To close and reopen both eyes quickly.
blink: To close and reopen one's eyes to remove (something) from on or around the eyes.
blink: To close and reopen both eyes quickly.
blink: To wink; to twinkle with, or as with, the eye.
blink: To close and reopen both eyes quickly.
blink: To see with the eyes half shut, or indistinctly and with frequent winking, as a person with weak eyes.
blink: To close and reopen both eyes quickly.
blink: To shine, especially with intermittent light; to twinkle; to flicker; to glimmer, as a lamp.
blink: To close and reopen both eyes quickly.
blink: To glance.
blink: To close and reopen both eyes quickly.
blink: To flash on and off at regular intervals.
blink: To flash headlights on a car at.
blink: To flash on and off at regular intervals.
blink: To send a signal with a lighting device.
blink: To flash on and off at regular intervals.
blink: To perform the smallest action that could solicit a response.
blink: To have the slightest doubt, hesitation or remorse.
blink: To shut out of sight; to evade; to shirk.
blink: To turn slightly sour, or blinky, as beer, milk, etc.
blink: To teleport, mostly for short distances.
brawl: To engage in a brawl; to fight or quarrel.
brawl: To create a disturbance; to complain loudly.
brawl: Especially of a rapid stream running over stones: to make a loud, confused noise.
brawl: To pour abuse on; to scold.
brawl: To move to and fro, to quiver, to shake.
waken: To wake or rouse from sleep.
waken: To awaken; to cease to sleep; to be awakened; to stir.
yodel: To sing (a song) in such a way that the voice fluctuates rapidly between the normal chest voice and falsetto.
botch: To perform (a task) in an unacceptable or incompetent manner; to make a mess of something
botch: To do something without skill, without care, or clumsily.
botch: To repair or mend clumsily.
tough: To endure.
tough: To toughen.
waltz: To dance the waltz (with).
waltz: To move briskly and unhesitatingly, especially in an inappropriately casual manner, or when unannounced or uninvited.
waltz: To accomplish a task with little effort.
waltz: To move with fanfare.
do it: To be appealing or suitable.
do it: To do something exceptionally foolish or unacceptable.
do it: To have sex; make it.
do it: To urinate.
do it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see do, it.
guilt: To commit offenses; act criminally.
guilt: To cause someone to feel guilt, particularly in order to influence their behaviour.
snarf: To eat or consume greedily.
snarf: To take something by dubious means, but without the connotations of stealing; to take something without regard to etiquette.
snarf: To slurp (computing slang sense); to load in entirety; to copy as a whole.
yearn: To have a strong desire for something or to do something; to long for or to do something.
yearn: To have a strong desire for something or to do something; to long for or to do something.
yearn: To long for something in the past with melancholy or nostalgia.
yearn: Of music, words, etc.: to express strong desire or longing.
yearn: To have strong feelings of affection, love, sympathy, etc., toward someone.
yearn: To be distressed or pained; to grieve; to mourn.
yearn: Often followed by out: to perform (music) which conveys or say (words) which express strong desire or longing.
yearn: To have a strong desire or longing (for something or to do something).
yearn: To cause (someone) to have strong feelings of affection, love, sympathy, etc.; also, to grieve or pain (someone).
yearn: Of milk: to curdle, especially in the cheesemaking process.
yearn: Of cheese: to be made from curdled milk.
yearn: To curdle (milk), especially in the cheesemaking process.
yearn: To make (cheese) from curdled milk.
peeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of peep
stunt: To perform a stunt.
stunt: To show off; to posture.
stunt: To check or hinder the growth or development of.
chode: simple past of chide
stour: Alternative form of stoor
touse: To rumple, tousle.
touse: To pull to pieces.
spunk: To catch fire; flame up.
spunk: To ejaculate.
spunk: To waste (money etc.).
sward: To cover (ground, etc.) with sward.
sward: Of ground, etc.: to be covered with sward; to develop a covering of sward.
throe: To cause (someone) to feel throes, as if in childbirth; to put in agony.
throe: To feel throes; to struggle in extreme pain; to be in agony; to agonize.
weary: To make or to become weary.
smarm: To fawn, to be unctuous.
smarm: To address in a fawning and unctuous manner.
hitch: To pull with a jerk.
hitch: To attach, tie or fasten.
hitch: To marry oneself to; especially to get hitched.
hitch: Clipping of hitchhike, to thumb a ride.
hitch: To become entangled or caught; to be linked or yoked; to unite; to cling.
hitch: To move interruptedly or with halts, jerks, or steps; said of something obstructed or impeded.
hitch: To strike the legs together in going, as horses; to interfere.
Gmail: To send some one an e-mail using Gmail.
stump: To stop, confuse, or puzzle.
stump: To baffle; to make unable to find an answer to a question or problem.
stump: To campaign.
stump: To travel over (a state, a district, etc.) giving speeches for electioneering purposes.
stump: To get a batsman out stumped.
stump: To bowl down the stumps of (a wicket).
stump: To walk heavily or clumsily, plod, trudge.
stump: To reduce to a stump; to truncate or cut off a part of.
stump: To strike unexpectedly; to stub, as the toe against something fixed.
sabot: To enclose (a projectile) in a sabot.
droll: To jest, to joke.
broil: To cook by direct, radiant heat.
broil: To expose to great heat.
broil: To be exposed to great heat.
broil: To cause a rowdy disturbance; embroil.
broil: To brawl.
whirr: To move or vibrate (something) with a buzzing sound.
whirr: To make a sibilant buzzing or droning sound.
whirr: To cause (something) to make such a sound.
whirr: (of a panther) To make a vibrating sound in its throat when contented, much like the domestic cat’s purr.
whirl: To rotate, revolve, spin or turn rapidly.
whirl: To have a sensation of spinning or reeling.
whirl: To make something or someone whirl.
whirl: To remove or carry quickly with, or as with, a revolving motion; to snatch.
choke: To be unable to breathe because of obstruction of the windpipe (for instance food or other objects that go down the wrong way, or fumes or particles in the air that cause the throat to constrict).
choke: To prevent (someone) from breathing or talking by strangling or filling the windpipe.
choke: To obstruct (a passage, etc.) by filling it up or clogging it.
choke: To hinder or check, as growth, expansion, progress, etc.; to kill (a plant by robbing it of nutrients); to extinguish (fire by robbing it of oxygen).
choke: To perform badly at a crucial stage of a competition, especially when one appears to be clearly winning.
choke: To move one's fingers very close to the tip of a pencil, brush or other art tool.
choke: To hold the club or bat lower on the shaft in order to shorten one's swing.
choke: To be checked or stopped, as if by choking
choke: To check or stop (an utterance or voice) as if by choking.
choke: To have a feeling of strangulation in one's throat as a result of passion or strong emotion.
choke: To give (someone) a feeling of strangulation as a result of passion or strong emotion.
choke: To say (something) with one’s throat constricted (due to emotion, for example).
choke: To use the choke valve of (a vehicle) to adjust the air/fuel mixture in the engine.
choke: To reach a condition of maximum flowrate, due to the flow at the narrowest point of the duct becoming sonic (Ma = 1).
choke: To make or install a choke, as in a cartridge, or in the bore of the barrel of a shotgun.
widen: To become wide or wider.
widen: To make wide or wider.
widen: To let out clothes to a larger size.
widen: To broaden or extend in scope or range.
widen: To convert to a data type that can hold a larger number of distinct values.
debag: To remove (something) from a bag.
debag: To pull down the trousers of a person quickly by surprise, as a prank.
debag: To perform blepharoplasty to remove eyebags.
ridge: To form into a ridge
ridge: To extend in ridges
croup: To croak, make a hoarse noise.
golly: To spit; to force up phlegm from one's throat.
ha-ha: To laugh.
stile: Obsolete form of style.
wince: To flinch as if in pain or distress.
wince: To wash (cloth), dip it in dye, etc., with the use of a wince.
wince: To kick or flounce when unsteady or impatient.
deign: To condescend; to do despite a perceived affront to one's dignity.
deign: To condescend to give; to do something.
deign: To esteem worthy; to consider worth notice.
scram: To leave in a hurry; to go away.
scram: To shut down (a nuclear reactor or, by extension, some other thing) for safety reasons, usually because of an emergency.
scram: Of a nuclear reactor or some other thing: to shut down, usually because of an emergency.
scram: To scratch (something) with claws or fingernails; to claw.
scram: To mine for ore on a small scale, especially from mines previously been worked on where most of the ore is believed to have been removed.
scram: Of one's body or limbs: to become numb or stiff due to cold, lack of movement, etc.
scram: To be weakened by an accident, a disease, starvation, etc.
debut: to formally introduce, as to the public
debut: to make one's initial formal appearance
ditto: To repeat the aforesaid, the earlier action etc.
ditto: To make a copy using a ditto machine.
unwed: To annul the marriage of.
unwed: To separate.
whiff: To carry or convey (something) by, or as by, a whiff or puff of air; to blow, puff, or waft away.
whiff: To say (something) with an exhalation of breath.
whiff: To inhale or exhale (smoke from tobacco, etc.) from a cigarette, pipe, or other smoking implement; to smoke (a cigarette, pipe, etc.); to puff.
whiff: To breathe in or sniff (an odour); to smell.
whiff: To shoot (someone) with a firearm; hence, to assassinate or kill (someone).
whiff: Of a pitcher: to strike out (a batter); to fan.
whiff: To consume (an alcoholic beverage).
whiff: To move in a way that causes a light gust of air, or a whistling sound.
whiff: To be carried, or move as if carried, by a puff of air; to waft.
whiff: To smoke a cigarette, pipe, or other smoking implement.
whiff: To smell; to sniff.
whiff: To give off or have an unpleasant smell; to stink.
whiff: Especially in baseball or golf: to completely miss hitting a ball; hence (baseball), of a batter: to strike out; to fan.
whiff: To fail spectacularly.
whiff: In fighting games, to execute a move that fails to hit the opponent.
whiff: To catch fish by dragging a handline near the surface of the water from a moving boat.
shire: To constitute or reconstitute (a country or region) into one or more shires (noun sense 1.1) or counties.
probe: To explore, investigate, or question
probe: To insert a probe into.
inurn: To place (the remains of a person who has died) in an urn or other container.
inurn: To hold or contain (the remains of a person who has died).
dodge: To avoid (something) by moving suddenly out of the way.
dodge: To avoid; to sidestep.
dodge: To go hither and thither.
dodge: To decrease the exposure for certain areas of an image in order to make them darker (compare burn).
dodge: To follow by dodging, or suddenly shifting from place to place.
dodge: To trick somebody.
widow: To make a widow or widower of someone; to cause the death of the spouse of.
widow: To strip of anything valued.
widow: To endow with a widow's right.
widow: To be widow to.
entre: Archaic spelling of enter.
jaded: simple past and past participle of jade
booby: To behave stupidly; to act like a booby.
booby: To install a booby trap on or at (something); to attack (someone) with a booby trap.
gruel: To exhaust, use up, disable
gruel: to punish
gruel: ejaculate
wired: simple past and past participle of wire
tawny: To cause (someone or something) to have a light brown to brownish orange colour; to tan, to tawn.
tawny: To become a light brown to brownish orange colour; to tan, to tawn.
tiara: To adorn as a tiara.
tiara: To adorn with a tiara.
vexed: simple past and past participle of vex
erect: To put up by the fitting together of materials or parts.
erect: To cause to stand up or out.
erect: To raise and place in an upright or perpendicular position; to set upright; to raise.
erect: To raise and place in an upright or perpendicular position; to set upright; to raise.
erect: To spin up and align to vertical.
erect: To lift up; to elevate; to exalt; to magnify.
erect: To animate; to encourage; to cheer.
erect: To cast or draw up (a figure of the heavens, horoscope etc.).
erect: To enter a state of physiological erection.
erect: To set up as an assertion or consequence from premises, etc.
erect: To set up or establish; to found; to form; to institute.
shaft: To fuck over; to cause harm to, especially through deceit or treachery.
shaft: To equip with a shaft.
shaft: To fuck; to have sexual intercourse with.
stool: To produce stool: to defecate.
stool: To cut down (a plant) until its main stem is close to the ground, resembling a stool, to promote new growth.
stool: To ramify; to tiller, as grain; to shoot out suckers.
amn't: am not
groin: To deliver a blow to the genitals of.
groin: To build with groins.
groin: To hollow out; to excavate.
groin: To grunt; to growl; to snarl; to murmur.
coöpt: Alternative spelling of co-opt
limbo: To place (someone or something) in an in-between place, or condition or state, of neglect or oblivion which results in deadlock, delay, or some other unresolved status.
limbo: To dance the limbo (etymology 2, noun sense 1).
limbo: Often followed by under: to pass under something, especially while bending backwards.
plume: To adorn, cover, or furnish with feathers or plumes, or as if with feathers or plumes.
plume: Chiefly of a bird: to arrange and preen the feathers of, specifically in preparation for flight; hence (figurative), to prepare for (something).
plume: To congratulate (oneself) proudly, especially concerning something unimportant or when taking credit for another person's effort; to self-congratulate.
plume: To strip (a bird) of feathers; to pluck.
plume: To peel, to strip completely; to pillage; also, to deprive of power.
plume: To strip (a bird) of feathers; to pluck.
plume: Of a hawk: to pluck the feathers from prey.
plume: To strip (a bird) of feathers; to pluck.
plume: Of a dispersed substance such as dust or smoke: to fan out or spread in a cloud.
snood: To keep the hair in place with a snood.
lurch: To make such a sudden, unsteady movement.
lurch: To swallow or eat greedily; to devour; hence, to swallow up.
lurch: To leave someone in the lurch; to cheat.
lurch: To rob.
lurch: To evade by stooping; to lurk.
lurch: To defeat in the game of cribbage with a lurch (double score as explained under noun entry).
smirt: To arrange dates while smoking outside a pub.
ranch: To operate a ranch; to engage in ranching.
ranch: To work on a ranch.
saved: simple past and past participle of save
vista: To make a vista or landscape of.
flank: To attack the flank(s) of.
flank: To defend the flank(s) of.
flank: To place to the side(s) of.
flank: To be placed to the side(s) of something (usually in terms of two objects, one on each side).
chaff: To use light, idle language by way of fun or ridicule; to banter.
chaff: To make fun of; to turn into ridicule by addressing in ironical or bantering language; to quiz.
chaff: To cut up (straw or hay) for use as cattle feed.
Nance: To act in an effeminate manner.
flows: third-person singular simple present indicative of flow
mural: To create a mural.
cluck: To make such a sound.
cluck: To cause (the tongue) to make a clicking sound.
cluck: To call together, or call to follow, as a hen does her chickens.
cluck: to suffer withdrawal from heroin.
prang: To crash an aeroplane.
prang: To crash; to have an accident while controlling a vehicle.
prang: To damage (the vehicle one is driving) in an accident; to have a minor collision with (another motor vehicle).
filch: To illegally take possession of (something, especially items of low value); to pilfer, to steal.
yo-yo: To vacillate; to move up and down.
mould: British, Canadian, and Australian standard spelling of mold.
mould: Alternative spelling of mold (“to cause to become mouldy”)
tweag: Alternative form of tweak
wheal: Synonym of wale.
erupt: To eject something violently (such as lava or water, as from a volcano or geyser).
erupt: To burst forth; to break out.
erupt: To spontaneously release pressure or tension.
erupt: (Of birds, insects, etc.) To suddenly appear in a certain region in large numbers.
salve: To calm or assuage.
salve: To heal by applications or medicaments; to apply salve to; to anoint.
salve: To heal; to remedy; to cure; to make good.
salve: To salvage.
salve: To save (the appearances or the phenomena); to explain (a celestial phenomenon); to account for (the apparent motions of the celestial bodies).
salve: To resolve (a difficulty); to refute (an objection); to harmonize (an apparent contradiction).
salve: To explain away; to mitigate; to excuse.
salve: To say “salve” to; to greet; to salute.
drool: To secrete saliva, especially in anticipation of food.
drool: To secrete any substance in a similar way.
drool: To react to something with uncontrollable desire.
drool: To talk nonsense; drivel.
chaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of chap
EOLed: simple past and past participle of EOL
untar: To extract from a tar archive.
anvil: To fashion on, or as if on, an anvil.
edify: To build, construct.
edify: To instruct or improve morally or intellectually.
tryst: To make a tryst; to agree to meet at a place.
tryst: To arrange or appoint (a meeting time etc.).
tryst: To keep a tryst, to meet at an agreed place and time.
glide: To move softly, smoothly, or effortlessly.
glide: To fly unpowered, as of an aircraft. Also relates to gliding birds and flying fish.
glide: To cause to glide.
glide: To pass with a glide, as the voice.
flush: To cause to take flight from concealment.
flush: To take suddenly to flight, especially from cover.
flush: To cleanse by flooding with generous quantities of a fluid.
flush: Particularly, to cleanse a toilet by introducing a large amount of water.
flush: To become suffused with reddish color due to embarrassment, excitement, overheating, or other systemic disturbance, to blush.
flush: To cause to blush.
flush: To cause to be full; to flood; to overflow; to overwhelm with water.
flush: To excite, inflame.
flush: To be cleansed by being flooded with generous quantities of water.
flush: To clear (a buffer or cache) of its contents.
flush: To write (the data) to primary storage, clearing it from the buffer or cache.
flush: To flow and spread suddenly; to rush.
flush: To show red; to shine suddenly; to glow.
flush: To fill in (joints); to point the level; to make them flush.
flush: To operate a placer mine, where the continuous supply of water is insufficient, by holding back the water, and releasing it periodically in a flood.
flush: To fill underground spaces, especially in coal mines, with material carried by water, which, after drainage, constitutes a compact mass.
flush: To dispose or be disposed of by flushing down a toilet
tweet: To make a short high-pitched sound, like that of certain birds.
tweet: To post an update to Twitter.
bugle: To announce, sing, or cry in the manner of a musical bugle.
cabal: To engage in the activities of a cabal.
busts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bust
sooty: To blacken or make dirty with soot.
quoth: simple past of quethe; said
quoth: To say.
exalt: To honor; to hold in high esteem.
exalt: To raise in rank, status etc., to elevate.
exalt: To elate, or fill with the joy of success.
exalt: To refine or subtilize.
satis: Clipping of satisfy.
moult: To shed or lose a covering of hair or fur, feathers, skin, horns, etc, and replace it with a fresh one.
moult: To shed in such a manner.
toady: To behave like a toady (to someone).
snark: To express oneself in a snarky fashion.
snark: To snort.
lager: To store (lager beer) at a low temperature for maturing and clarification.
lager: Alternative spelling of laager
fired: simple past and past participle of fire
benny: To take amphetamines.
evade: To get away from by cunning; to avoid by using dexterity, subterfuge, address, or ingenuity; to cleverly escape from
evade: To escape; to slip away; — sometimes with from.
evade: To attempt to escape; to practice artifice or sophistry, for the purpose of eluding.
rivet: To attach or fasten parts by using rivets.
rivet: To install rivets.
rivet: To command the attention of.
rivet: To make firm or immovable.
glare: To stare angrily.
glare: To shine brightly.
glare: To be bright and intense, or ostentatiously splendid.
glare: To shoot out, or emit, as a dazzling light.
flies: third-person singular simple present indicative of fly
blurb: To write or quote in a blurb.
blurb: To supply with a blurb.
peeve: To annoy; vex.
perse: Obsolete form of pierce.
redox: To subject to a redox reaction.
miaou: Alternative spelling of miaow
offre: Obsolete form of offer.
hoise: to hoist.
hoise: to hoist, be raised.
snirt: To give a suppressed laugh or sharp intake of breath.
spill: To drop something so that it spreads out or makes a mess; to accidentally pour.
spill: To spread out or fall out, as above.
spill: To drop something that was intended to be caught.
spill: To mar; to damage; to destroy by misuse; to waste.
spill: To be destroyed, ruined, or wasted; to come to ruin; to perish; to waste.
spill: To cause to flow out and be lost or wasted; to shed.
spill: To cause to be thrown from a mount, a carriage, etc.
spill: To cover or decorate with slender pieces of wood, metal, ivory, etc.; to inlay.
spill: To relieve a sail from the pressure of the wind, so that it can be more easily reefed or furled, or to lessen the strain.
spill: To open the leadership of a parliamentary party for re-election.
spill: To reveal information to an uninformed party.
spill: To come undone.
heist: To steal, rob, or hold up (something).
flail: To beat using a flail or similar implement.
flail: To wave or swing vigorously
flail: To thresh.
flail: To move like a flail.
delve: To dig into the ground, especially with a shovel.
delve: To search thoroughly and carefully for information, research, dig into, penetrate, fathom, trace out
delve: To dig; to excavate.
motto: To compose mottos.
pedal: To operate a pedal attached to a wheel in a continuous circular motion.
pedal: To operate a bicycle.
setup: Misspelling of set up.
deals: third-person singular simple present indicative of deal
copse: To trim or cut.
copse: To plant and preserve.
rearm: To replace or restore the weapons or arms of a previously defeated, or disarmed army, country, person or other body.
flick: To move or hit (something) with a short, quick motion.
flick: To pass by rapidly, so as not to be perceived clearly.
droop: To hang downward; to sag.
droop: To slowly become limp; to bend gradually.
droop: To lose all energy, enthusiasm or happiness; to flag.
droop: To allow to droop or sink.
droop: To proceed downward, or toward a close; to decline.
debug: To search for and eliminate malfunctioning elements or errors in something, especially a computer program or machinery.
debug: To remove a hidden electronic surveillance device from (somewhere).
debug: To remove insects from (somewhere), especially lice.
clips: third-person singular simple present indicative of clip
swoop: To fly or glide downwards suddenly; to plunge (in the air) or nosedive.
swoop: To move swiftly, as if with a sweeping movement, especially to attack something.
swoop: To fall on at once and seize; to catch while on the wing.
swoop: To seize; to catch up; to take with a sweep.
swoop: To pass with pomp; to sweep.
swoop: To search the ground for discarded cigarette butts that can be made into new cigarettes.
swart: To make swart or tawny; blacken; tan.
toots: third-person singular simple present indicative of toot
ducks: third-person singular simple present indicative of duck
bower: To embower; to enclose.
bower: To lodge.
dried: simple past and past participle of dry
quoin: To wedge or steady with quoins.
sully: To soil or stain; to dirty.
sully: To corrupt or damage.
sully: To become soiled or tarnished.
rings: third-person singular simple present indicative of ring
surge: To rush, flood, or increase suddenly.
surge: To accelerate forwards, particularly suddenly.
surge: To experience a momentary reversal of airflow through the compressor section due to disruption of intake airflow.
surge: To slack off a line.
clasp: To take hold of; to grasp.
clasp: To shut or fasten together with, or as if with, a clasp.
shirk: To avoid, especially a duty, responsibility, etc.; to stay away from.
shirk: To evade an obligation; to avoid the performance of duty, as by running away.
shirk: To procure by petty fraud and trickery; to obtain by mean solicitation.
meets: third-person singular simple present indicative of meet
yahoo: To give a cry of "yahoo".
yahoo: To search using the Yahoo! search engine.
slick: To make slick.
sized: simple past and past participle of size
amate: To dishearten, dismay.
amate: To be a mate to; to match.
giddy: To make (someone or something) dizzy or unsteady; to dizzy.
giddy: To become dizzy or unsteady.
giddy: To move around something or spin rapidly; to reel; to whirl.
clamp: To fasten in place or together with (or as if with) a clamp.
clamp: To hold or grip tightly.
clamp: To modify (a numeric value) so it lies within a specific range by replacing values outside the range with the closest value within the range.
clamp: To cover (vegetables, etc.) with earth.
clamp: To immobilise (a vehicle) by means of a wheel clamp.
clamp: To tread heavily or clumsily; to clump or clomp.
hafta: Contraction of have to. Be required to; must.
shrug: To raise (the shoulders) to express uncertainty, lack of concern, (formerly) dread, etc.
chews: third-person singular simple present indicative of chew
quilt: To construct a quilt.
quilt: To construct something, such as clothing, using the same technique.
quilt: To beat or thrash.
ranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rank
kithe: To make known; to reveal.
swill: To drink (or, rarely, eat) greedily or to excess.
swill: To wash (something) by flooding with water.
swill: To move (a liquid or liquid-filled vessel) in a circular motion.
swill: To move around or over a surface.
swill: To inebriate; to fill with drink.
swill: To feed swill to (pigs).
bases: third-person singular simple present indicative of base
mitch: To pilfer; filch; steal.
mitch: To shrink or retire from view; lurk out of sight; skulk.
mitch: To be absent from school without a valid excuse; to play truant.
mitch: To grumble secretly.
mitch: To pretend poverty.
bears: third-person singular simple present indicative of bear
feels: third-person singular simple present indicative of feel
sorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sort
vamos: Obsolete form of vamoose.
hired: simple past and past participle of hire
ordre: Obsolete form of order.
betty: To pick a lock, to open with a betty.
betty: To be overly attentive to someone or something.
psych: To put (someone) into a required psychological frame of mind (also psych up).
psych: To intimidate (someone) emotionally or using psychology (also psych out).
psych: To treat (someone) using psychoanalysis.
skell: To fall off or fall over.
ashen: To turn into ash; make or become ashy
ashen: To make or become pale
hasta: third-person singular simple present indicative of hafta: Contraction of has to; is required to
lords: third-person singular simple present indicative of lord
flare: To cause to burn; in particular, to burn off excess gas.
flare: To cause inflammation; to inflame.
flare: To open outward in shape.
flare: To (operate an aircraft to) transition from downward flight to level flight just before landing.
flare: To blaze brightly.
flare: To shine out with a sudden and unsteady light; to emit a dazzling or painfully bright light.
flare: To shine out with gaudy colours; to be offensively bright or showy.
flare: To suddenly happen or intensify.
flare: To suddenly erupt in anger.
flare: To be exposed to too much light.
peers: third-person singular simple present indicative of peer
moder: to moderate
faces: third-person singular simple present indicative of face
chips: third-person singular simple present indicative of chip
irons: third-person singular simple present indicative of iron
appal: UK spelling of appall
mercy: To feel mercy
mercy: To show mercy; to pardon or treat leniently because of mercy
blare: Often followed by out: of a device such as a loudspeaker or a radio: to produce (music, a sound, etc.) loudly and piercingly.
blare: To express (ideas, words, etc.) loudly; to proclaim.
blare: To make a loud sound, especially like a trumpet.
blare: To make a lengthy sound, as of a person crying or an animal bellowing or roaring.
croft: To do agricultural work on one or more crofts.
croft: To place (cloth, etc.) on the ground in the open air in order to sun and bleach it.
goals: third-person singular simple present indicative of goal
Yahoo: Alternative letter-case form of yahoo
Xerox: Alternative letter-case form of xerox
japan: To varnish with japan.
japan: To ordain.
shuck: To remove the shuck from (walnuts, oysters, etc.).
shuck: To remove (any outer covering).
shuck: To fool; to hoax.
shuck: To shake; shiver.
shuck: To slither or slip, move about, wriggle.
shuck: To do hurriedly or in a restless way.
shuck: To avoid; baffle, outwit, shirk.
shuck: To walk at a slow trot.
wales: third-person singular simple present indicative of wale
greek: To display a placeholder (instead of text), especially to optimize speed in displaying text that would be too small to read.
greek: To fill a template with nonsense text (particularly the Lorem ipsum), so that form can be focused on instead of content.
greek: To obscure a corporate logo that has not been permitted for use in a production.
ingle: To cajole or coax; to wheedle.
Morse: To transmit by Morse code.
wally: Alternative pronunciation (and hence spelling) of value
jones: Have an intense craving.
jones: To binge on cocaine and/or alcohol.
creen: To complain; to whine; to moan.
do in: To kill or end.
do in: To exhaust, to tire out.
do in: To damage or injure.
peter: Chiefly followed by out: originally (mining), of a vein of ore: to be depleted of ore; now (generally), to diminish to nothing; to dwindle, to trail off.
peter: Synonym of blue peter; to call for trump by throwing away a high card while holding a lower one.
sneck: To latch, to lock.
sneck: To cut.
blate: Archaic form of bleat.
gruff: To speak gruffly.
smore: To smother.
jimmy: To pry (something, especially a lock) open with or as if with a crowbar.
dutch: Alternative letter-case form of Dutch (“treat cocoa with alkali”)
cabin: To place in a cabin or other small space.
cabin: To limit the scope of.
cabin: To live in, or as if in, a cabin; to lodge.
oxter: To hug with the arms, or support by taking the arm of.
guyed: simple past and past participle of guy
paces: third-person singular simple present indicative of pace
snafu: To screw up or foul up.
cruft: To generate cruft.
aging: present participle and gerund of age
sated: simple past of sate
hunch: To bend the top of one's body forward while raising one's shoulders.
hunch: To raise (one's shoulders) (while lowering one's head or bending the top of one's body forward); to curve (one's body) forward (sometimes followed by up).
hunch: To walk (somewhere) while hunching one's shoulders.
hunch: To thrust a hump or protuberance out of (something); to crook, as the back.
hunch: To push or jostle with the elbow; to push or thrust against (someone).
hunch: To have a hunch, or make an intuitive guess.
navvy: To carry out physical labor on a civil engineering project.
potty: Synonym of go potty.
login: Misspelling of log in.
trots: third-person singular simple present indicative of trot
muddy: To cover or splash (someone or something) with mud.
muddy: To make (water or some other liquid) cloudy or turbid by stirring up mud or other sediment.
muddy: To confuse (a person or their thinking); to muddle.
muddy: To damage (a person or their reputation); to sully, to tarnish.
muddy: To make (a colour) dirty, dull, or muted.
muddy: To make (a matter, etc.) more complicated or unclear; to make a mess of (something).
muddy: To make (something) impure; to contaminate.
muddy: To cause or permit (someone or something) to become stuck in mud; to mire.
muddy: Sometimes followed by up: to become covered or splashed with mud; to become dirty or soiled.
muddy: Of water or some other liquid: to become cloudy or turbid.
muddy: To become contaminated or impure.
fetch: To retrieve; to bear towards; to go and get.
fetch: To obtain as price or equivalent; to sell for.
fetch: To bring or get within reach by going; to reach; to arrive at; to attain; to reach by sailing.
fetch: To bring oneself; to make headway; to veer; as, to fetch about; to fetch to windward.
fetch: To take (a breath); to heave (a sigh).
fetch: To cause to come; to bring to a particular state.
fetch: To recall from a swoon; to revive; sometimes with to.
fetch: To reduce; to throw.
fetch: To accomplish; to achieve; to perform, with certain objects or actions.
fetch: To make (a pump) draw water by pouring water into the top and working the handle.
truss: To tie up a bird before cooking it.
truss: To secure or bind with ropes.
truss: To support.
truss: To take fast hold of; to seize and hold firmly; to pounce upon.
truss: To strengthen or stiffen, as a beam or girder, by means of a brace or braces.
truss: To execute by hanging; to hang; usually with up.
durst: simple past of dare
blech: To have the vomiting reflex triggered.
scoop: To lift, move, or collect with a scoop or as though with a scoop.
scoop: To make hollow; to dig out.
scoop: To report on something, especially something worthy of a news article, before (someone else).
scoop: To begin a vocal note slightly below the target pitch and then to slide up to the target pitch, especially in country music.
scoop: To pick (someone) up
ocker: To increase (in price); add to.
ain't: Am not.
ain't: Are not, aren’t; is not, isn’t; am not.
ain't: Have not, haven’t; has not, hasn’t, when used as an auxiliary.
ain't: Don't, doesn't.
ain't: Didn't.
squib: To make a sound like a small explosion.
squib: To throw squibs; to utter sarcastic or severe reflections; to contend in petty dispute.
uplay: To lay up; hoard.
mogul: To ski over a course of humps or bumps.
jetty: To jut out; to project.
deify: To make a god of (something or someone).
deify: To treat as worthy of worship; to regard as a deity.
riven: past participle of rive
rouse: To wake (someone) or be awoken from sleep, or from apathy.
rouse: To cause, stir up, excite (a feeling, thought, etc.).
rouse: To provoke (someone) to action or anger.
rouse: To cause to start from a covert or lurking place.
rouse: To pull by main strength; to haul.
rouse: To raise; to make erect.
rouse: To tell off; to criticise.
jumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of jump
sent.: Abbreviation of sentenced.
recap: To seal (something) again with a cap.
recap: To replace the worn tread on a tire by gluing a new outer portion.
recap: To recapitulate.
recap: To replace capacitors in electronic equipment.
detox: To detoxify, especially from alcohol or recreational drugs.
usher: To guide people to their seats.
usher: To accompany or escort (someone).
usher: To precede; to act as a forerunner or herald.
usher: To lead or guide somewhere.
crème: To whip into a thick creamy texture.
seems: third-person singular simple present indicative of seem
cried: simple past and past participle of cry
knows: third-person singular simple present indicative of know
knows: All persons, singular and plural, present form of know.
tried: simple past and past participle of try
FedEx: To send a package or letter by Federal Express, or a competitor.
auth.: Abbreviation of authorize.
tears: third-person singular simple present indicative of tear
looks: third-person singular simple present indicative of look
liked: simple past and past participle of like
hoped: simple past and past participle of hope
rooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of room
hopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hope
souls: third-person singular simple present indicative of soul
yards: third-person singular simple present indicative of yard
doors: third-person singular simple present indicative of door
deter: To prevent something from happening.
deter: To persuade someone not to do something; to discourage.
deter: To distract someone from something.
urged: simple past and past participle of urge
urges: third-person singular simple present indicative of urge
garde: Obsolete form of guard.
chemo: To treat with chemotherapy.
knees: third-person singular simple present indicative of knee
equip: To supply with something necessary in order to carry out a specific action or task; to provide with (e.g. weapons, provisions, munitions, rigging)
equip: To dress up; to array; to clothe.
equip: To prepare (someone) with a skill.
equip: To equip oneself with (an item); to bring (equipment) into active use.
walks: third-person singular simple present indicative of walk
smock: To provide with, or clothe in, a smock or a smock frock.
smock: To apply smocking.
parry: To avoid, deflect, or ward off (an attack, a blow, an argument, etc.).
lined: simple past and past participle of line
floss: To clean the area between the teeth using floss.
floss: To show off, especially by exhibiting one's wealth or talent.
floss: To perform the floss dance move.
gazed: simple past and past participle of gaze
dared: simple past and past participle of dare
shalt: second-person singular simple present indicative of shall
cared: simple past and past participle of care
heeze: To hoist.
hated: simple past and past participle of hate
fadge: To be suitable (with or to something).
fadge: To agree, to get along (with).
fadge: To get on well; to cope, to thrive.
fadge: To eat together.
fadge: To move with a gait between a jog and a trot.
cries: third-person singular simple present indicative of cry
gates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gate
bowed: simple past and past participle of bow
bowed: simple past and past participle of bow
tempt: To provoke someone to do wrong, especially by promising a reward; to entice.
tempt: To attract; to allure.
tempt: To provoke something; to court.
grift: To obtain illegally, as by con game.
grift: To obtain money illegally.
grift: To obtain money immorally or through deceitful means.
renew: To make (something) new again; to restore to freshness or original condition.
renew: To replace (something which has broken etc.); to replenish (something which has been exhausted), to keep up a required supply of.
renew: To make new spiritually; to regenerate.
renew: To become new, or as new; to revive.
renew: To begin again; to recommence.
renew: To repeat.
renew: To extend a period of loan, especially a library book that is due to be returned.
hives: third-person singular simple present indicative of hive
homer: To hit a homer; to hit a home run.
wires: third-person singular simple present indicative of wire
flume: To transport (logs of wood) by floating them along a water-filled channel or trough.
shtup: push
shtup: have sex (with)
roust: to rout out of bed; to rouse
roust: To harass, to treat in a rough way.
roust: to arrest
roust: to drive strongly
shard: To fall apart into shards, usually as the result of impact or explosion.
shard: To break (something) into shards.
shard: To divide (an MMORPG) into several shards, or to establish a shard of one.
brawn: Make fat, especially of a boar.
brawn: Become fat, especially of a boar.
pumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of pump
bagsy: To make a verbal claim to.
grill: To cook (food) on a grill; to barbecue.
grill: To cook food under the element of a stove or only under the top element of an oven – (US) broil, (cooking) salamander.
grill: To interrogate; to question aggressively or harshly.
grill: To feel very hot; to swelter.
grill: To stamp or mark with a grill.
grill: To make angry; provoke; offend, incite.
grill: To terrify; make tremble.
grill: To tremble; shiver.
grill: To snarl; snap.
hoard: To amass, usually for one's own private collection.
buddy: To assign a buddy, or partner, to.
props: third-person singular simple present indicative of prop
spore: To produce spores.
plump: To grow plump; to swell out.
plump: To make plump; to fill (out) or support; often with up.
plump: To cast or let drop all at once, suddenly and heavily.
plump: To give a plumper (kind of vote).
plump: To give (a vote), as a plumper.
plump: To favor or decide in favor of something.
plump: To drop or fall suddenly or heavily, all at once.
pharm: To raise genetically modified animals or plants for the production of pharmaceuticals.
beans: third-person singular simple present indicative of bean
slump: To collapse heavily or helplessly.
slump: To decline or fall off in activity or performance.
slump: To slouch or droop.
slump: To lump; to throw together messily.
slump: To fall or sink suddenly through or in, when walking on a surface, as on thawing snow or ice, a bog, etc.
slump: To cause to collapse; to hit hard; to render unconscious; to kill.
zonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of zonk
burns: third-person singular simple present indicative of burn
zoned: simple past and past participle of zone
zings: third-person singular simple present indicative of zing
zones: third-person singular simple present indicative of zone
hight: simple past of hote
hight: To call, name.
hight: To be called or named.
hight: To command; to enjoin.
tawse: To beat with a tawse.
taser: To shock a person, thing, individual, or animal with a handheld device with the electric shock that it delivers; to stun with a stun gun.
taser: To strike verbally or gesturally with ill intents.
bolts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bolt
raped: simple past and past participle of rape
taped: simple past and past participle of tape
roped: simple past and past participle of rope
winds: third-person singular simple present indicative of wind
pared: simple past and past participle of pare
haven: To put into, or provide with a haven.
relay: To pass on or transfer (information).
relay: To release a new set of hounds.
relay: To place (people or horses) in relays, such that one can take over from another.
relay: To take on a new relay of horses; to change horses.
relay: Alternative spelling of re-lay
refry: To fry again.
refry: In Mexican cookery, to fry beans after boiling and mashing them.
pimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of pimp
clump: To form clusters or lumps.
clump: To gather in dense groups.
clump: To walk with heavy footfalls.
clump: To strike; to beat.
gloom: To be dark or gloomy.
gloom: To look or feel sad, sullen or despondent.
gloom: To render gloomy or dark; to obscure; to darken.
gloom: To fill with gloom; to make sad, dismal, or sullen.
gloom: To shine or appear obscurely or imperfectly; to glimmer.
boxed: simple past and past participle of box
finna: African-American Vernacular and Southern US form of fixing to: used to express a desire or future action.
smear: To spread (a substance, especially one that colours or is dirty) across a surface by rubbing.
smear: To cover (a surface with a layer of some substance) by rubbing.
smear: To make something dirty.
smear: (of a substance, etc.) To make a surface dirty by covering it.
smear: To damage someone's reputation by slandering, misrepresenting, or otherwise making false accusations about them, their statements, or their actions.
smear: To cause (something) to be messy or not clear by rubbing and spreading it.
smear: To become messy or not clear by being spread.
smear: To write or draw (something) by spreading a substance on a surface.
smear: To cause (something) to be a particular colour by covering with a substance.
smear: To rub (a body part, etc.) across a surface.
smear: To attempt to remove (a substance) from a surface by rubbing.
smear: To climb without using footholds, using the friction from the shoe to stay on the wall.
tends: third-person singular simple present indicative of tend
limbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of limb
keeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep
deeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of deed
rises: third-person singular simple present indicative of rise
dined: simple past and past participle of dine
tries: third-person singular simple present indicative of try
fires: third-person singular simple present indicative of fire
tones: third-person singular simple present indicative of tone
pshaw: To express disgust or contempt by saying "pshaw".
gifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of gift
pains: third-person singular simple present indicative of pain
wages: third-person singular simple present indicative of wage
faded: simple past and past participle of fade
roses: third-person singular simple present indicative of rose
drops: third-person singular simple present indicative of drop
cares: third-person singular simple present indicative of care
ruins: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruin
waved: simple past and past participle of wave
welch: To fail to repay a small debt.
welch: To fail to fulfill an obligation.
besot: To muddle, stupefy, or cause to act foolishly, as with alcoholic liquor or infatuation.
arson: To illegally set fire to; to burn down in a criminal manner.
deman: To sack employees from.
ditty: To sing; to warble a little tune.
carom: To make a carom (shot in billiards).
carom: To strike and bounce back; to strike (something) and rebound.
inked: simple past and past participle of ink
desex: To remove another's sexual characteristics or functions, often physical sterilization.
tutor: To instruct or teach, especially an individual or small group.
tutor: To treat with authority or sternness.
tutor: To fetch a card from one's deck.
shops: third-person singular simple present indicative of shop
thoil: To be able to justify the expense of.
chomp: To bite or chew loudly or heavily.
chomp: To remove the final character from (a text string) if it is a newline (or, less commonly, some other programmer-specified character).
wiped: simple past and past participle of wipe
freed: simple past and past participle of free
piled: simple past and past participle of pile
baths: third-person singular simple present indicative of bath
ollie: To perform an ollie.
pares: third-person singular simple present indicative of pare
smote: simple past of smite
smote: past participle of smite
smote: simple past of smight
enrol: Standard spelling of enroll.
taxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tax
veins: third-person singular simple present indicative of vein
holes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hole
boils: third-person singular simple present indicative of boil
tents: third-person singular simple present indicative of tent
purée: Alternative form of puree
backs: third-person singular simple present indicative of back
spots: third-person singular simple present indicative of spot
corks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cork
wells: third-person singular simple present indicative of well
seals: third-person singular simple present indicative of seal
rebuy: To buy again, especially to buy something previously sold (or pawned)
leaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of leak
egged: simple past and past participle of egg
bonds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bond
boxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of box
sings: third-person singular simple present indicative of sing
sends: third-person singular simple present indicative of send
fools: third-person singular simple present indicative of fool
bills: third-person singular simple present indicative of bill
rests: third-person singular simple present indicative of rest
mooch: To wander around aimlessly, often causing irritation to others.
mooch: To beg, cadge, or sponge; to exploit or take advantage of others for personal gain.
mooch: To steal or filch.
pours: third-person singular simple present indicative of pour
crops: third-person singular simple present indicative of crop
lamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of lamp
monks: third-person singular simple present indicative of monk
brunt: To bear the brunt of; to weather or withstand.
brunt: To make a violent attack or charge.
mines: third-person singular simple present indicative of mine
hears: third-person singular simple present indicative of hear
skies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sky
skies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ski
draws: third-person singular simple present indicative of draw
puree: To crush or grind food into a puree.
blore: To cry; cry out; weep.
blore: To bray; bleat like an animal; bellow.
didst: second-person singular simple past indicative of do
stilt: to raise on stilts, or as if on stilts
stilt: to apply unnecessary pomp or formality
whump: To strike something with a whump.
scree: To traverse scree downhill.
scree: To make a high-pitched cry like that of a hawk.
scree: To flatten or level concrete while still wet, and remove protruding gravel and stones from the surface.
passe: Obsolete spelling of pass
boink: To have sexual intercourse (with); to bonk.
boink: To hit or strike.
horns: third-person singular simple present indicative of horn
paved: simple past and past participle of pave
trips: third-person singular simple present indicative of trip
fluff: To make something fluffy.
fluff: To become fluffy, puff up.
fluff: To move lightly like fluff.
fluff: To make a mistake in one's lines.
fluff: To do incorrectly, for example mishit, miskick, miscue etc.
fluff: To break wind, to fart.
fluff: To arouse (a male pornographic actor) before filming.
evict: To expel (one or more people) from their property; to force (one or more people) to move out.
hunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of hunt
gooch: To blunder or bungle; goof.
gloze: To extenuate, explain away, gloss over.
gloze: To use flattering language.
gloze: To smooth over; to palliate by specious explanation.
gloze: To give a shine to (something or someone).
liken: Followed by to or (archaic) unto: to regard or state that (someone or something) is like another person or thing; to compare.
liken: Chiefly followed by to: to make (oneself, someone, or something) resemble another person or thing.
liken: To represent or symbolize (something).
liken: Followed by to: to be like or resemble; also, to become like.
sinew: To knit together or make strong with, or as if with, sinews.
relic: To cause (an object) to appear old or worn, to distress.
cooey: Alternative spelling of cooee
wines: third-person singular simple present indicative of wine
poach: To cook (something) in simmering or very hot liquid (usually water; sometimes wine, broth, or otherwise).
poach: To be cooked in such manner.
poach: To trespass on another's property to take fish or game.
poach: To take game or fish illegally.
poach: To take anything illegally or unfairly.
poach: To intrude; to interfere; to get involved inappropriately, without welcome.
poach: To entice (an employee or customer) to switch from a competing company to one's own.
poach: To make soft or muddy by trampling.
poach: To become soft or muddy by being trampled on.
poach: To stab; to pierce; to spear or drive or plunge into something.
plonk: To set or toss (something) down carelessly.
plonk: To sit down heavily and without ceremony.
plonk: To automatically ignore a particular poster.
paced: simple past and past participle of pace
spies: third-person singular simple present indicative of spy
lobby: To attempt to influence (a public official or decision-maker) in favor of a specific opinion or cause.
plats: third-person singular simple present indicative of plat
tarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tart
co-op: Synonym of cooperate
peaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of peak
harps: third-person singular simple present indicative of harp
bully: To intimidate (someone) as a bully.
bully: To act aggressively towards.
reefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reef
lapse: To fall away gradually; to subside.
lapse: To fall into error or heresy.
lapse: To slip into a bad habit that one is trying to avoid.
lapse: To become void.
lapse: To fall or pass from one proprietor to another, or from the original destination, by the omission, negligence, or failure of somebody, such as a patron or legatee.
frees: third-person singular simple present indicative of free
skied: simple past and past participle of ski
skied: simple past and past participle of sky
slink: To sneak about furtively.
slink: To give birth to an animal prematurely.
blent: simple past and past participle of blend
whish: To make such a sound.
paths: third-person singular simple present indicative of path
lakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lake
dives: third-person singular simple present indicative of dive
coops: third-person singular simple present indicative of coop
horks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hork
beads: third-person singular simple present indicative of bead
copes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cope
rebar: To reinforce with bars of this kind.
rebar: To bar again.
rebar: To redistribute the notes of a musical score across the bars, e.g. when changing time signature.
hands: third-person singular simple present indicative of hand
Lucas: Synonym of George Lucas
loops: third-person singular simple present indicative of loop
hullo: Alternative form of hello
added: simple past and past participle of add
pores: third-person singular simple present indicative of pore
asked: simple past and past participle of ask
tills: third-person singular simple present indicative of till
thump: To hit (someone or something) as if to make a thump.
thump: To cause to make a thumping sound.
thump: To thud or pound.
thump: To throb with a muffled rhythmic sound.
comes: third-person singular simple present indicative of come
sucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of suck
prods: third-person singular simple present indicative of prod
trees: third-person singular simple present indicative of tree
tarry: To delay; to be late or tardy in beginning or doing anything.
tarry: To linger in expectation of something or until something is done or happens.
tarry: To abide, stay or wait somewhere, especially if longer than planned.
tarry: To stay somewhere temporarily.
tarry: To wait for; to stay or stop for; to allow to linger.
pokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of poke
diets: third-person singular simple present indicative of diet
inlet: To let in; admit.
inlet: To insert; inlay.
inlet: To carve the wooden stock of a firearm so as to position the metal components in it.
books: third-person singular simple present indicative of book
drums: third-person singular simple present indicative of drum
swale: Alternative form of sweal (melt and waste away, or singe)
parts: third-person singular simple present indicative of part
nears: third-person singular simple present indicative of near
prays: third-person singular simple present indicative of pray
works: third-person singular simple present indicative of work
tints: third-person singular simple present indicative of tint
hoses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hose
lades: third-person singular simple present indicative of lade
shoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoe
wards: third-person singular simple present indicative of ward
surfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of surf
hills: third-person singular simple present indicative of hill
tying: present participle and gerund of tie
girls: third-person singular simple present indicative of girl
stint: To stop (an action); cease, desist.
stint: To stop speaking or talking (of a subject).
stint: To be sparing or mean.
stint: To restrain within certain limits; to bound; to restrict to a scant allowance.
stint: To assign a certain task to (a person), upon the performance of which he/she is excused from further labour for that day or period; to stent.
stint: To impregnate successfully; to get with foal.
mires: third-person singular simple present indicative of mire
rimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rime
debar: To exclude or shut out; to bar.
debar: To hinder or prevent.
debar: To prohibit (a person or company that has been convicted of criminal acts in connection with a government program) from future participation in that program.
glint: To flash or gleam briefly.
glint: To glance; to peep forth, as a flower from the bud; to glitter.
glint: To cause to flash or gleam; to reflect.
glint: To dry; to wither.
disks: third-person singular simple present indicative of disk
plotz: To flop down wearily.
plotz: To faint.
plotz: To fall down dead.
plotz: To strongly feel exasperation, pleasure, or other emotions.
elude: To evade or escape from (someone or something), especially by using cunning or skill.
elude: To shake off (a pursuer); to give someone the slip.
elude: To escape being understandable to; to be incomprehensible to.
elude: To escape someone's memory, to slip someone's mind.
boats: third-person singular simple present indicative of boat
weeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of weep
coats: third-person singular simple present indicative of coat
Taser: Alternative letter-case form of taser
wants: third-person singular simple present indicative of want
dawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawn
grump: To complain.
grump: To be grumpy.
spans: third-person singular simple present indicative of span
lived: simple past and past participle of live
items: third-person singular simple present indicative of item
steps: third-person singular simple present indicative of step
titch: Pronunciation spelling of touch.
titch: Pronunciation spelling of teach.
snaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of snap
mined: simple past and past participle of mine
brian: To keep fire at the mouth of (as of an oven), to give light or to preserve heat.
bunko: Alternative spelling of bunco
twite: Obsolete form of twit.
bunco: To swindle (someone).
buses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bus
colly: to make black, as with coal
moved: simple past and past participle of move
gives: third-person singular simple present indicative of give
lives: third-person singular simple present indicative of live
named: simple past and past participle of name
lying: present participle and gerund of lie (“to rest in a horizontal position”)
lying: present participle and gerund of lie (“to intentionally give false information”)
lying: simple past and past participle of lye
ships: third-person singular simple present indicative of ship
names: third-person singular simple present indicative of name
tells: third-person singular simple present indicative of tell
walls: third-person singular simple present indicative of wall
sides: third-person singular simple present indicative of side
rules: third-person singular simple present indicative of rule
minds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mind
reaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of reap
savor: US standard spelling of savour.
rapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rape
cases: third-person singular simple present indicative of case
cameo: To appear in a cameo role.
clots: third-person singular simple present indicative of clot
files: third-person singular simple present indicative of file
using: present participle and gerund of use
bavin: To bundle and bind wood into bavins.
ended: simple past and past participle of end
revel: To make merry; to have a happy, lively time.
revel: To take delight (in something).
revel: To draw back; to retract.
putts: third-person singular simple present indicative of putt
trump: To play on (a card of another suit) with a trump.
trump: To play a trump, or to take a trick with a trump.
trump: To get the better of, or finesse, a competitor.
trump: To impose unfairly; to palm off.
trump: To supersede.
trump: To outweigh; be stronger, greater, bigger than or in other way superior to.
trump: To blow a trumpet.
trump: To flatulate.
saute: Alternative form of sauté
tinct: to tint, tinge or colour
folio: To put a serial number on (a folio or page, or on all the folios or pages of a book); to foliate, to page.
gunge: To clog with gunge.
gunge: To cover with gunge.
sauté: To cook (food) using a small amount of fat in an open pan over a relatively high heat, allowing the food to brown and form a crust stopping it from sticking to the pan as it cooks.
knout: To flog or beat with a knout.
fated: simple past and past participle of fate
daven: to recite the Jewish liturgy; to pray
blots: third-person singular simple present indicative of blot
scald: To burn with hot liquid.
scald: To heat almost to boiling.
clink: To make a clinking sound; to make a sound of metal on metal or glass on glass; to strike materials such as metal or glass against one another.
clink: To rhyme.
clink: To clinch; to rivet.
dinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dink
rocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rock
pages: third-person singular simple present indicative of page
irked: simple past and past participle of irk
wings: third-person singular simple present indicative of wing
leads: third-person singular simple present indicative of lead
balls: Speaking or acting with bravado to achieve (something)
balls: To engage in sexual intercourse.
balls: third-person singular simple present indicative of ball
slips: third-person singular simple present indicative of slip
waves: third-person singular simple present indicative of wave
shows: third-person singular simple present indicative of show
turns: third-person singular simple present indicative of turn
noted: simple past and past participle of note
ruled: simple past and past participle of rule
signs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sign
costs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cost
glacé: To give a glossy surface to.
loves: third-person singular simple present indicative of love
chivy: Alternative form of chevy
fuels: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuel
holds: third-person singular simple present indicative of hold
owned: simple past and past participle of own
grows: third-person singular simple present indicative of grow
calls: third-person singular simple present indicative of call
banks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bank
plays: third-person singular simple present indicative of play
turbo: To autofire.
views: third-person singular simple present indicative of view
funds: third-person singular simple present indicative of fund
moons: third-person singular simple present indicative of moon
games: third-person singular simple present indicative of game
finds: third-person singular simple present indicative of find
reins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rein
bones: third-person singular simple present indicative of bone
satin: To make (paper, silver, etc.) smooth and glossy like satin.
scamp: To skimp; to do something in a skimpy or slipshod fashion.
skype: To make (a telephone call) using Skype software.
skype: To send (a message or file) with Skype.
skype: To contact (a person) via Skype.
gleek: To ridicule, or mock; to make sport of.
gleek: To jest.
gleek: To pass time frivolously.
gleek: To discharge a long, thin stream of liquid (including saliva) through the teeth or from under the tongue, sometimes by pressing the tongue against the salivary glands.
cured: simple past and past participle of cure
moths: third-person singular simple present indicative of moth
banes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bane
vowed: past participle of vow
acted: simple past and past participle of act
dizzy: To make (someone or something) dizzy; to bewilder.
chops: third-person singular simple present indicative of chop
chops: Alternative form of chopse
likes: third-person singular simple present indicative of like
crase: Early Modern spelling of craze (“break into pieces, crack”).
lands: third-person singular simple present indicative of land
fears: third-person singular simple present indicative of fear
haint: Alternative form of haunt
wakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wake
cleek: To strike with the club called a cleek.
combo: To combine
pings: third-person singular simple present indicative of ping
feat.: Abbreviation of featuring.
brail: To reef, shorten or strike sail using brails.
budge: To move; to be shifted from a fixed position.
budge: To move; to shift from a fixed position.
budge: To yield in one’s opinions or beliefs.
budge: To cut or butt (in line); to join the front or middle rather than the back of a queue.
budge: To try to improve the spot of a decision on a sports field.
clart: To daub, smear, or spread, especially with mud, etc.; to dirty.
squad: To act as part of, or on behalf of, a squad.
squad: To transport by ambulance.
weeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of weed
flair: To add flair.
unify: Cause to become one; make into a unit; consolidate; merge; combine.
unify: Become one.
beest: second-person singular present indicative or subjunctive of be
markt: simple past and past participle of mark
grens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gren
smaak: To like; to be attracted to.
swims: third-person singular simple present indicative of swim
types: third-person singular simple present indicative of type
gongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gong
dwale: To mutter deliriously.
kabob: US spelling of kebab
leper: To afflict with leprosy.
leper: Synonym of infect.
leper: Synonym of disfigure.
leper: Synonym of taint.
leper: Synonym of ostracize.
endue: To pass food into the stomach; to digest; also figuratively, to take on, absorb.
endue: To take on, to take the form of.
endue: To put on (a piece of clothing); to clothe (someone with something).
endue: To invest (someone) with a given quality, property etc.; to endow.
naken: To make naked; nake.
marks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mark
gleet: To ooze, as gleet (noun sense); to flow in a thin, limpid humour.
gleet: Of water: to flow slowly.
glair: To smear with egg-white.
halse: To fall upon the neck of; hug; embrace.
halse: To greet; salute; hail.
halse: To beseech; adjure.
halse: To haul; to hoist.
klomp: Alternative form of clomp (“to walk heavily or clumsily”)
spilt: simple past and past participle of spill
helve: To furnish (an axe, etc.) with a helve.
hough: Alternative form of hock (“to hamstring”)
hough: Archaic spelling of hoe.
homes: third-person singular simple present indicative of home
tales: third-person singular simple present indicative of tale
abets: third-person singular simple present indicative of abet
cores: third-person singular simple present indicative of core
moble: To muffle or wrap someone's head or face (normally with up).
verbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of verb
frith: To protect; guard.
frith: To enclose; fence in, as a forest or park.
timed: simple past and past participle of time
lambs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lamb
retie: To tie again; to tie something that has already been tied or was tied before.
nouns: third-person singular simple present indicative of noun
strut: Of a peacock or other fowl: to stand or walk stiffly, with the tail erect and spread out.
strut: To walk haughtily or proudly with one's head held high.
strut: To walk across or on (a stage or other place) haughtily or proudly.
strut: Often followed by out: to protuberate or stick out due to being full or swollen; to bulge, to swell.
strut: Often followed by out: to cause (something) to bulge, protrude, or swell.
strut: To brace or support (something) by a strut or struts; to hold (something) in place or strengthen by a diagonal, transverse, or upright support.
strut: To be attached diagonally or at a slant; also, to be bent at a sharp angle.
canst: second-person singular simple present indicative of can
flags: third-person singular simple present indicative of flag
chugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chug
edges: third-person singular simple present indicative of edge
bouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bout
lists: third-person singular simple present indicative of list
laten: To grow late; become later.
ables: third-person singular simple present indicative of able
mired: simple past and past participle of mire
tinge: To add a small amount of colour; to tint; (by extension) to add a small amount of some other thing.
tinge: To affect or alter slightly, particularly due to the actual or metaphorical influence of some element or thing.
tinge: To change slightly in shade due to the addition of colour; (by extension) to change slightly in quality due to the addition of some other thing.
crome: To use a crome.
abyed: simple past and past participle of abye
abled: simple past and past participle of able
dares: third-person singular simple present indicative of dare
adzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of adze
adzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of adz
frump: To insult; to flout; to mock; to snub.
frump: To assume a countenance or demeanor indicating irritation, ill-humor, or disapproval.
adzed: simple past and past participle of adze
adzed: simple past and past participle of adz
damps: third-person singular simple present indicative of damp
abyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of abye
aking: present participle and gerund of ake
hurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurt
airts: third-person singular simple present indicative of airt
ailed: simple past and past participle of ail
aided: simple past and past participle of aid
agued: simple past and past participle of ague
aimed: simple past and past participle of aim
awent: simple past of ago
agues: third-person singular simple present indicative of ague
pairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pair
debit: To make an entry on the debit side of an account.
debit: To record a receivable in the bookkeeping.
sexed: simple past and past participle of sex
cells: third-person singular simple present indicative of cell
knots: third-person singular simple present indicative of knot
beams: third-person singular simple present indicative of beam
tacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tack
worms: third-person singular simple present indicative of worm
brock: To taunt.
dates: third-person singular simple present indicative of date
gains: third-person singular simple present indicative of gain
acing: present participle and gerund of ace
wears: third-person singular simple present indicative of wear
seats: third-person singular simple present indicative of seat
munge: To transform data in an undefined or unexplained manner, as for example when data wrangling requires nonsystemic or nonsystematic edits.
munge: To add a spamblock to (an email address).
munge: To corrupt a record about an individual by erroneously merging in information about another individual.
thews: third-person singular simple present indicative of thew
folds: third-person singular simple present indicative of fold
smirk: To smile in a way that is affected, smug, insolent or contemptuous.
sails: third-person singular simple present indicative of sail
slant: To lean, tilt or incline.
slant: To bias or skew.
slant: To lie or exaggerate.
sites: third-person singular simple present indicative of site
seeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of seed
blows: third-person singular simple present indicative of blow
codes: third-person singular simple present indicative of code
bands: third-person singular simple present indicative of band
blest: Archaic spelling of blessed
swans: third-person singular simple present indicative of swan
quill: To pierce with quills. (Usually in the passive voice, as be quilled or get quilled.)
quill: To write.
quill: To form fabric into small, rounded folds.
quill: To decorate with quillwork.
quill: To subject (a woman who is giving birth) to the practice of quilling (blowing pepper into her nose to induce or hasten labor).
films: third-person singular simple present indicative of film
drugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of drug
swoon: To faint, to lose consciousness.
swoon: To be overwhelmed by emotion, especially infatuation.
swoon: To make a moan, sigh, or some other sound expressing infatuation or affection.
spurn: To reject disdainfully; contemn; scorn.
spurn: To reject something by pushing it away with the foot.
spurn: To waste; fail to make the most of (an opportunity)
spurn: To kick or toss up the heels.
brats: third-person singular simple present indicative of brat
agest: second-person singular simple present indicative of age
toped: simple past and past participle of tope
rinse: To wash (something) quickly using water and no soap.
rinse: To remove soap from (something) using water.
rinse: To thoroughly defeat in an argument, fight or other competition.
stomp: To trample heavily.
stomp: To severely beat someone physically or figuratively.
stomp: To crush grapes with one's feet to make wine
hazed: simple past and past participle of haze
dazed: simple past and past participle of daze
liase: Misspelling of liaise.
flehm: To exhibit the flehmen response, i.e., to draw back the lips, allowing scent to reach the Jacobson’s organ, an auxiliary olfactory organ found in many animals.
thunk: past participle of think
thunk: To strike against something, without breakage, making a "thunk" sound.
thunk: To delay (a computation).
thunk: To execute (code) by means of a thunk.
op-ed: To write an op-ed article.
rolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of roll
emote: To display or express (emotions, mental states, etc.) openly, particularly while acting, and especially in an excessive manner.
emote: To deliver (a speech), say (lines of a play, words), etc., in a dramatic or emotional manner, especially if overly so.
emote: To display (excessive) emotion, especially while acting.
emote: To express a virtual action, presented to other users as a graphic or reported speech, rather than sending a straightforward message.
emote: To perform a short action, such as a gesture or a dance move, which may be seen by other players but does not have any effect on gameplay.
emery: To sand or polish with emery.
emery: To coat with emery.
twins: third-person singular simple present indicative of twin
bangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bang
moves: third-person singular simple present indicative of move
Muzak: To provide (premises, etc.) with Muzak.
Muzak: To adapt or reduce (a piece of music, etc.) to the status of Muzak.
shush: To be quiet; to keep quiet.
shush: To ask someone to be quiet, especially by saying shh.
dower: To give a dower or dowry to.
dower: To endow.
pipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pipe
tools: third-person singular simple present indicative of tool
decoy: To lead into danger by artifice; to lure into a net or snare; to entrap.
decoy: To act as, or use, a decoy.
ropes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rope
clunk: To make such a sound.
gloat: To exhibit a conspicuous (sometimes malevolent) pleasure or sense of self-satisfaction, often at an adversary's misfortune.
gloat: To triumph, crow, relish, glory, revel.
snoop: To be devious and cunning so as not to be seen.
snoop: To secretly spy on or investigate, especially into the private personal life of others.
clomp: To walk heavily or clumsily, as with clogs.
clomp: To make some object hit something, thereby producing a clomping sound.
elope: To run away from home with a paramour.
elope: To run away secretly for the purpose of getting married with one's intended spouse; to marry in a quick or private fashion, especially without a public period of engagement.
elope: To run away from home (for any reason).
adiós: Alternative spelling of adios.
stymy: Alternative spelling of stymie
crabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of crab
farts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fart
suits: third-person singular simple present indicative of suit
honed: simple past and past participle of hone
rowel: To use a rowel on (something), especially to drain fluid.
rowel: To fit with spurs.
rowel: To apply the spur to.
rowel: To incite; to goad.
mills: third-person singular simple present indicative of mill
quern: To grind; to use a quern.
sacre: To consecrate
jaked: simple past and past participle of jake
cocky: To operate a small-scale farm.
hosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of host
darts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dart
nosey: Alternative spelling of nosy
fries: third-person singular simple present indicative of fry
vroom: To move with great speed; to zoom.
prowl: To rove over, through, or about in a stealthy manner; especially, to search in, as for prey or booty.
prowl: To idle; to go about aimlessly.
prowl: To collect by plunder.
swaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of swap
putty: To fix or fill using putty.
rides: third-person singular simple present indicative of ride
opens: third-person singular simple present indicative of open
twirl: To perform a twirl.
twirl: To rotate rapidly.
twirl: To twist round.
twirl: To pitch.
snuff: To inhale through the nose.
snuff: To turn up the nose and inhale air, as an expression of contempt; hence, to take offence.
snuff: To extinguish a candle or oil-lamp flame by covering the burning end of the wick until the flame is suffocated.
snuff: To trim the burnt part of a candle wick.
snuff: To snuff out; to extinguish; to put out; to kill.
rodeo: To perform in a rodeo show.
swirl: To twist or whirl, as an eddy.
swirl: To be arranged in a twist, spiral or whorl.
swirl: To circulate.
swirl: To mingle interracially.
gelds: third-person singular simple present indicative of geld
locos: third-person singular simple present indicative of loco
cocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cock
lunge: To (cause to) make a sudden forward movement (present participle: lunging).
lunge: To longe or work a horse in a circle around a handler (present participle: lunging or lungeing).
chats: third-person singular simple present indicative of chat
rance: To prop or shore up.
roofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of roof
moded: simple past and past participle of mode
flote: simple past of flite.
flote: To fleet; to skim.
rains: third-person singular simple present indicative of rain
bikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bike
farms: third-person singular simple present indicative of farm
teams: third-person singular simple present indicative of team
hides: third-person singular simple present indicative of hide
texts: third-person singular simple present indicative of text
gases: third-person singular simple present indicative of gas
ensue: To follow (a leader, inclination etc.).
ensue: To follow (in time), to be subsequent to.
ensue: To occur afterwards, as a result or effect.
hints: third-person singular simple present indicative of hint
musty: To turn musty (adjective sense 1 or 2); to must.
poles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pole
howls: third-person singular simple present indicative of howl
tacet: An instruction indicating silence on the part of the performers of a piece.
fugle: To manoeuvre; to move around.
brung: past participle of bring
brang: simple past of bring
go-go: To dance to this style of music, with the aim to entertain
reads: third-person singular simple present indicative of read
bucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of buck
posts: third-person singular simple present indicative of post
races: third-person singular simple present indicative of race
slush: To smear with slushy liquid or grease.
slush: To slosh or splash; to move as, or through, a slushy or liquid substance.
slush: To paint with a mixture of white lead and lime.
steal: To take illegally, or without the owner's permission, something owned by someone else without intending to return it.
steal: To appropriate without giving credit or acknowledgement.
steal: To get or effect surreptitiously or artfully.
steal: To acquire at a low price.
steal: To draw attention unexpectedly in (an entertainment), especially by being the outstanding performer. Usually used in the phrase steal the show.
steal: To move silently or secretly.
steal: To convey (something) clandestinely.
steal: To withdraw or convey (oneself) clandestinely.
steal: To advance safely to (another base) during the delivery of a pitch, without the aid of a hit, walk, passed ball, wild pitch, or defensive indifference.
steal: To dispossess
steal: To borrow for a short moment.
steal: take, plagiarize, tell on a joke, use a well-worded expression in one's own parlance or writing
scuff: To scrape the feet while walking.
scuff: To scrape and roughen the surface of (shoes, etc.)
scuff: To hit lightly, to brush against.
scuff: To mishit (a shot on a ball) due to poor contact with the ball.
flunk: Of a student, to fail a class; to not pass.
flunk: Of a teacher, to deny a student a passing grade.
flunk: To shirk (a task or duty).
flunk: To back out through fear. (Commonly in the phrase 'flunk it', the 'it' referring to a specific task avoided; sometimes without specific reference, describing a person's attitude to life in general.)
plink: To make a plink sound.
plink: (colloquial) To play a song or a portion of a song, usually on a percussion instrument such as a piano.
plink: To take part in the sport of plinking.
cones: third-person singular simple present indicative of cone
slews: third-person singular simple present indicative of slew
carts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cart
gears: third-person singular simple present indicative of gear
haves: third-person singular simple present indicative of have
adios: To leave; to literally or figuratively say “adios” to.
adios: To get rid of.
cower: To crouch or cringe, or to avoid or shy away from something, in fear.
cower: To crouch in general.
cower: To cause to cower; to frighten into submission.
cower: To cherish with care.
canes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cane
shend: To disgrace or put to shame.
shend: To blame.
shend: To destroy; to spoil.
shend: To overpower; to surpass.
pines: third-person singular simple present indicative of pine
resat: simple past and past participle of resit
tares: third-person singular simple present indicative of tare
skirl: To make a shrill sound, as of bagpipes.
resit: To take an examination a second time.
fused: simple past and past participle of fuse
swink: To labour, to work hard
swink: To cause to toil or drudge; to tire or exhaust with labor.
stoup: Obsolete form of stoop.
go on: To continue in extent.
go on: To continue an action.
go on: To proceed.
go on: To talk frequently or at great length; to talk about (a subject) in that manner.
go on: To happen (occur).
go on: To use and adopt (information) in order to understand an issue, make a decision, etc.
stook: To make stooks.
spall: To break into fragments or small pieces.
spall: To reduce, as irregular blocks of stone, to an approximately level surface by hammering.
cakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cake
sinne: Archaic spelling of sin.
skins: third-person singular simple present indicative of skin
thole: To suffer.
thole: To endure, to put up with, to tolerate.
loads: third-person singular simple present indicative of load
clepe: To give a call; cry out; appeal.
clepe: To call; call upon; cry out to.
clepe: To call to oneself; invite; summon.
clepe: To call; call by the name of; name.
clepe: To tell lies about; inform against (someone).
clepe: To be loquacious; tattle; gossip.
clepe: To report; relate; tell.
hikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hike
letch: Alternative form of lech (“to behave lecherously”)
letch: Alternative form of leach
benet: To catch in a net; ensnare.
benet: To surround as by a net.
bedew: To make wet with or as if with dew.
carny: To cajole, wheedle, or coax.
conga: To dance the conga.
frets: third-person singular simple present indicative of fret
dents: third-person singular simple present indicative of dent
muzak: Alternative letter-case form of Muzak
braze: To cover with brass, or as with brass.
braze: To join two metal pieces, without melting them, using heat and diffusion of a jointing alloy of capillary thickness.
braze: To burn or temper in fire.
curst: Archaic spelling of cursed: simple past and past participle of curse
skiff: To navigate in a skiff.
skiff: To fall lightly or briefly, and lightly cover the ground (etc).
skiff: To cut (a tea bush) to maintain the plucking table.
punks: third-person singular simple present indicative of punk
joist: To fit or furnish with joists.
quits: third-person singular simple present indicative of quit
waddy: To attack or beat with an Aboriginal war club.
crick: To develop a crick (cramp, spasm).
crick: To cause to develop a crick; to create a crick in.
crick: To twist, bend, or contort, especially in a way that produces strain.
salam: Alternative spelling of salaam
tombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tomb
snook: To fish for snook.
snook: To sniff out.
snook: To lurk; to lie in ambush.
typed: simple past and past participle of type
fined: simple past and past participle of fine
tests: third-person singular simple present indicative of test
capon: To castrate; to make a capon of.
whist: To hush or shush; to still.
whist: To become silent.
liven: To cause to be more lively, or to become more lively.
swash: To swagger; to act with boldness or bluster (toward).
swash: To dash or flow noisily; to splash.
swash: To swirl through liquid; to swish.
swash: To wade forcefully through liquid.
swash: To swipe.
swash: To fall violently or noisily.
swash: To streak, to color in a swash.
toted: simple past and past participle of tote
fames: third-person singular simple present indicative of fame
synch: Alternative spelling of sync
bowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowl
lifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of lift
slunk: simple past and past participle of slink
hangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hang
nests: third-person singular simple present indicative of nest
coins: third-person singular simple present indicative of coin
slite: To slit; tear or rip up.
slite: To wear away (clothes).
claws: third-person singular simple present indicative of claw
apeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ape
sands: third-person singular simple present indicative of sand
earnt: simple past and past participle of earn
emits: third-person singular simple present indicative of emit
spurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spur
deeky: Alternative form of deek; to look.
tires: third-person singular simple present indicative of tire
flump: To move or fall heavily, or with a dull sound.
flump: To drop something heavily or with a dull sound.
reeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of reed
brode: Alternative form of broddle
jemmy: To shoehorn, to cram.
jemmy: Alternative spelling of jimmy (open with a crowbar).
heaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of heap
palms: third-person singular simple present indicative of palm
oaths: third-person singular simple present indicative of oath
flips: third-person singular simple present indicative of flip
mules: third-person singular simple present indicative of mule
mules: To remove skin from (an animal) to prevent myiasis.
forts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fort
coals: third-person singular simple present indicative of coal
herds: third-person singular simple present indicative of herd
frill: To make into a frill.
frill: To become wrinkled.
frill: To provide or decorate with a frill or frills; to turn back in crimped plaits.
frill: To shake or shiver as with cold (with reference to a hawk).
frill: To cry (with reference to a bird of prey).
necks: third-person singular simple present indicative of neck
boule: To shape (a piece of dough) into a ball.
seeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of seek
waits: third-person singular simple present indicative of wait
tasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of task
idles: third-person singular simple present indicative of idle
sighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sigh
erred: simple past and past participle of err
erred: simple past and past participle of er
stops: third-person singular simple present indicative of stop
grits: third-person singular simple present indicative of grit
lense: Misspelling of lens.
lense: Alternative spelling of lens
ducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of duct
loans: third-person singular simple present indicative of loan
peens: third-person singular simple present indicative of peen
sooth: Obsolete form of soothe.
edits: third-person singular simple present indicative of edit
hymns: third-person singular simple present indicative of hymn
claps: third-person singular simple present indicative of clap
hazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of haze
snogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snog
soups: third-person singular simple present indicative of soup
clues: third-person singular simple present indicative of clue
slobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of slob
geeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of geek
bongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bong
shims: third-person singular simple present indicative of shim
quips: third-person singular simple present indicative of quip
jails: third-person singular simple present indicative of jail
cowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowl
clams: third-person singular simple present indicative of clam
cuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuff
gangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gang
funks: third-person singular simple present indicative of funk
brims: third-person singular simple present indicative of brim
frigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of frig
snies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sny
snies: third-person singular simple present indicative of snie
poses: third-person singular simple present indicative of pose
gulch: To swallow greedily; to gulp down.
gulch: To fall heavily.
voted: simple past and past participle of vote
helps: third-person singular simple present indicative of help
crock: To break something or injure someone.
crock: To transfer coloring through abrasion from one item to another.
crock: To cover the drain holes of a planter with stones or similar material, in order to ensure proper drainage.
crock: To put or store (something) in a crock or pot.
crock: To give off crock or smut.
pipet: Alternative form of pipette
gumph: To grope, especially after fish.
gumph: To catch fish by groping.
shiel: To use a place as a shieling.
fills: third-person singular simple present indicative of fill
exult: To rejoice; to be very happy, especially in triumph.
kills: third-person singular simple present indicative of kill
stays: third-person singular simple present indicative of stay
bends: third-person singular simple present indicative of bend
twigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of twig
wills: third-person singular simple present indicative of will
beats: third-person singular simple present indicative of beat
parks: third-person singular simple present indicative of park
camps: third-person singular simple present indicative of camp
tunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tune
debel: To conquer.
raced: simple past and past participle of race
clank: To make a clanking sound
clank: To cause to sound with a clank.
goeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of go
begot: simple past of beget
begot: past participle of beget
seeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of see
sluts: third-person singular simple present indicative of slut
rusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rust
foist: To introduce or insert surreptitiously or without warrant.
foist: To force another to accept especially by stealth or deceit.
foist: To pass off as genuine or worthy.
eying: present participle and gerund of eye
shots: third-person singular simple present indicative of shot
waulk: to make cloth (especially tweed in Scotland) denser and more felt-like by soaking and beating.
recce: Reconnoitre.
recon: reconnoiter.
loses: third-person singular simple present indicative of lose
hoofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoof
swelt: To die.
swelt: To succumb or be overcome with emotion, heat, etc.; to faint or swelter
swelt: simple past of swell
mayst: second-person singular simple present indicative of may
lieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lie
strid: simple past and past participle of stride
dieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of die
foxed: simple past and past participle of fox; baffled; outwitted.
serge: To overlock.
downs: third-person singular simple present indicative of down
ocher: Alternative spelling of ochre
edged: simple past and past participle of edge
goats: third-person singular simple present indicative of goat
caves: third-person singular simple present indicative of cave
bevel: To give a canted edge to a surface; to chamfer.
cased: simple past and past participle of case
stoom: Alternative form of stum
sprit: To sprout; to bud; to germinate, as barley steeped for malt.
sprit: To throw out with force from a narrow orifice; to eject; to spurt out.
amain: To lower (the sail of a ship, particularly the topsail).
amain: To decrease or reduce (something).
amain: To lower the topsail in token of surrender; to yield.
tubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tube
prill: to flow, spurt
prill: to produce pellets by forming a molten substance into droplets which solidify while falling
prill: To grow sour.
prill: To become tipsy.
poesy: To write or perform poetry.
wrang: simple past of wring
coups: third-person singular simple present indicative of coup
parle: To talk; to converse; to parley.
skulk: To stay where one cannot be seen, conceal oneself (often in a cowardly way or with the intent of doing harm).
skulk: To move in a stealthy or furtive way; to come or go while trying to avoid detection.
skulk: To avoid an obligation or responsibility.
hadst: second-person singular simple past indicative of have
stems: third-person singular simple present indicative of stem
quant: To propel using a quant.
go up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, up.
go up: To move upwards
go up: To be built or erected
go up: To rise or increase in price, cost, or value.
go up: To be consumed by fire.
go up: To forget lines or blocks during public performance.
go up: To attend university.
go up: To appeal for a dismissal.
husks: third-person singular simple present indicative of husk
ching: To chink or clink; to make a ringing sound, as of metal or glass being struck.
ching: To stab.
ching: Of the male kakapo: to make its high-pitched mating call.
fucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuck
miter: Alternative form of mitre (“to unite at an angle of 45°”)
socks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sock
drest: Obsolete form of dressed; simple past and past participle of dress
synth: To play on a musical synthesizer.
synth: Synonym of synthesize
inlay: To place (pieces of a foreign material) within another material to form a decorative design.
inlay: To place an inlay in a tooth.
stubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stub
atter: To venom; sting.
atter: To discharge, as a sore; clot; curdle; cake.
sculd: To accuse (someone) of wrongdoing, especially under the procedure known as sculding.
whorl: To form a pattern of concentric circles.
salts: third-person singular simple present indicative of salt
dukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of duke
slaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of slap
radge: To throw a fit of rage.
scran: to eat
scran: to steal in an impish manner
swonk: simple past of swink
spelk: To use a spelk in or on.
rosin: To apply rosin to (something); to rub or cover with rosin.
twonk: To hit or slap.
sawed: simple past and past participle of saw
sawed: simple past of see
gipsy: Alternative spelling of gypsy
moans: third-person singular simple present indicative of moan
troth: To pledge to marry somebody.
clems: third-person singular simple present indicative of clem
glued: simple past and past participle of glue
tails: third-person singular simple present indicative of tail
doest: second-person singular simple present indicative of do
SCRAM: Alternative letter-case form of scram
slosh: To shift chaotically; to splash noisily.
slosh: To cause to slosh.
slosh: To make a sloshing sound.
slosh: To pour noisily, sloppily or in large amounts.
slosh: to move noisily through water or other liquid.
slosh: To punch (someone).
hawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hawk
nocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nock
plunk: To drop or throw something heavily onto or into something else, so that it makes a dull sound.
plunk: To land suddenly or heavily; to plump down.
plunk: To intentionally hit the batter with a pitch.
plunk: To croak.
plunk: To pluck and quickly release (a musical string).
plunk: To be a truant from (school).
fists: third-person singular simple present indicative of fist
chors: third-person singular simple present indicative of chor
kiddy: To kid; to hoax or tease.
scabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scab
snags: third-person singular simple present indicative of snag
dumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dump
slays: third-person singular simple present indicative of slay
narcs: third-person singular simple present indicative of narc
cites: third-person singular simple present indicative of cite
dewed: simple past and past participle of dew
slurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of slur
docks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dock
deeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deek
masks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mask
chums: third-person singular simple present indicative of chum
chaun: To open; to yawn.
hoyin: present participle of hoy
hoyed: simple past and past participle of hoy
caulk: To drive oakum into the seams of a ship's wooden deck or hull to make it watertight.
caulk: To apply caulking to joints, cracks, or a juncture of different materials.
caulk: To copulate.
sizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of size
flats: third-person singular simple present indicative of flat
noses: third-person singular simple present indicative of nose
mused: simple past and past participle of muse
rowed: simple past and past participle of row
bombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bomb
joins: third-person singular simple present indicative of join
sided: simple past and past participle of side
waxed: simple past and past participle of wax
rated: simple past and past participle of rate
hates: third-person singular simple present indicative of hate
lasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of last
traps: third-person singular simple present indicative of trap
clept: simple past and past participle of clepe
grips: third-person singular simple present indicative of grip
plots: third-person singular simple present indicative of plot
decks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deck
reeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reek
clack: To make a sudden, sharp noise, or succession of noises; to click.
clack: To cause to make a sudden, sharp noise, or succession of noises; to click.
clack: To chatter or babble; to utter rapidly without consideration.
clack: To cut the sheep's mark off (wool), to make the wool weigh less and thus yield less duty.
clack: Dated form of cluck.
bemud: To cover, bespatter, or befoul with mud.
bemud: To confuse; muddle.
sells: third-person singular simple present indicative of sell
morne: Obsolete spelling of mourn
flogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of flog
toned: simple past and past participle of tone
sourd: To arise, issue or emerge; to give rise.
fangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fang
hoick: Alternative spelling of hoik
tides: third-person singular simple present indicative of tide
crews: third-person singular simple present indicative of crew
binds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bind
bites: third-person singular simple present indicative of bite
casts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cast
feted: simple past and past participle of fete
nappe: To coat (a food) with liquid.
squiz: Alternative form of squizz
fowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of fowl
début: To make one's début.
rents: third-person singular simple present indicative of rent
lacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lack
pills: third-person singular simple present indicative of pill
gavel: To divide or distribute according to the gavel system.
gavel: To use a gavel.
dicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dick
plums: third-person singular simple present indicative of plum
arsle: Alternative form of assle
egest: To eliminate undigested food or waste from the body (as feces).
dudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dude
oiled: simple past and past participle of oil
chack: To toss up the head frequently, as a horse to avoid the restraint of the bridle.
chack: To not broadcast a medal-winning or otherwise memorable or crucial figure skating performance. This only occurs in a live broadcast because the network has to decide which programs to show and which to cut in the interest of time. If a skater is low in the rankings and several big names are set to skate later, that performance may be cut.
chack: Of birds: to make a sudden harsh call.
squop: To play a wink so that it comes to rest vertically above some or all parts of another wink.
vying: present participle and gerund of vie
vying: present participle and gerund of vy
vibes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vibe
whing: To move with great force or speed.
titer: To measure a concentration, especially by means of titration
baggs: Alternative spelling of bags (“lay dibs”)
weans: third-person singular simple present indicative of wean
B-boy: To breakdance.
mists: third-person singular simple present indicative of mist
fared: simple past and past participle of fare
whips: third-person singular simple present indicative of whip
snips: third-person singular simple present indicative of snip
wifes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wife
giv'n: Contraction of given, past participle of give.
emend: To correct and revise (text or a document).
maist: Obsolete form of mayst.
waled: simple past and past participle of wale
unman: To divest of humanity.
unman: To castrate; to remove the manhood of.
unman: To sap (a person) of the strength, whether physical or emotional, required to deal with a situation.
unman: To deprive of men.
beaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of beak
kicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kick
baits: third-person singular simple present indicative of bait
likee: To like (to have affection for).
abite: To bite; eat; devour.
stots: third-person singular simple present indicative of stot
tynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tyne
gliss: Abbreviation of glissando.
rails: third-person singular simple present indicative of rail
mucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of muck
lurve: To love; to like a lot.
dreed: simple past and past participle of dree
drees: third-person singular simple present indicative of dree
poddy: To hand-feed (a young animal).
harks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hark
posed: simple past and past participle of pose
wites: third-person singular simple present indicative of wite
wited: simple past and past participle of wite
blogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blog
crake: To cry out harshly and loudly, like a crake.
crake: To boast; to speak loudly and boastfully.
keeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of keek
roams: third-person singular simple present indicative of roam
wyted: simple past and past participle of wyte
wytes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wyte
eking: present participle and gerund of eke
gwine: present participle of go
bunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunk
deans: third-person singular simple present indicative of dean
lofts: third-person singular simple present indicative of loft
borgs: present of borg
masts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mast
skite: To boast.
skite: To skim or slide along a surface.
skite: To slip, such as on ice.
skite: To drink a large amount of alcohol.
skite: To defecate, to shit.
risks: third-person singular simple present indicative of risk
raged: simple past and past participle of rage
bumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bump
picks: third-person singular simple present indicative of pick
yeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of yes
mixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mix
waxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wax
hexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hex
faxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fax
sties: third-person singular simple present indicative of sty
kebob: Alternative spelling of kebab
plies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ply
educe: To direct the course of (a flow, journey etc.); to lead in a particular direction.
educe: To infer or deduce (a result, theory etc.) from existing data or premises.
educe: To draw out or bring forth from some basic or potential state; to elicit, to develop.
educe: To isolate (a substance) from a compound; to extract.
educe: To cause or generate; to bring about.
tappy: to lie close to the ground; to lie low or skulk
ki-yi: to howl like a dog
kipsy: To board, to reside.
jawed: simple past and past participle of jaw
afear: To imbue with fear; to affright, to terrify.
muffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of muff
sumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sump
swigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of swig
comen: alternative past participle of come.
bevvy: To get drunk.
ebbed: simple past and past participle of ebb
spins: third-person singular simple present indicative of spin
stabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stab
scags: third-person singular simple present indicative of scag
doped: simple past and past participle of dope
dopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dope
hooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hook
bakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bake
pulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of pull
ached: simple past and past participle of ache
polls: third-person singular simple present indicative of poll
dwine: To wither, decline, pine away.
bales: third-person singular simple present indicative of bale
birle: To pour a drink (for).
birle: To drink deeply or excessively; carouse.
basen: To make or become base (inferior or unworthy); to lower
rimed: simple past and past participle of rime
coded: simple past and past participle of code
ettle: To aim; purpose; intend; attempt; try.
ettle: To expect; reckon; count on.
ettle: To take aim.
ettle: To make attempt.
ettle: To direct one's course.
ettle: To aspire; be ambitious.
ettle: To earn.
ceded: simple past and past participle of cede
cense: To perfume with incense.
ceses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cese
copen: To cowrite.
cosed: simple past and past participle of cose
cosen: Alternative form of cozen.
coses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cose
cures: third-person singular simple present indicative of cure
sinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sink
hying: present participle and gerund of hie
feeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of feed
mease: To catch or enmesh (fish) by the head in a seine.
dotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dote
quoit: To play quoits.
quoit: To throw like a quoit.
dures: third-person singular simple present indicative of dure
safes: third-person singular simple present indicative of safe
shews: third-person singular simple present indicative of shew
slugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of slug
wikis: third-person singular simple present indicative of wiki
chins: third-person singular simple present indicative of chin
emule: To emulate.
foals: third-person singular simple present indicative of foal
sheds: third-person singular simple present indicative of shed
colts: third-person singular simple present indicative of colt
bores: third-person singular simple present indicative of bore
slits: third-person singular simple present indicative of slit
combs: third-person singular simple present indicative of comb
mints: third-person singular simple present indicative of mint
dooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of doom
belts: third-person singular simple present indicative of belt
mikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mike
hares: third-person singular simple present indicative of hare
tutus: third-person singular simple present indicative of tutu
grids: third-person singular simple present indicative of grid
spams: third-person singular simple present indicative of spam
rinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rind
toads: third-person singular simple present indicative of toad
wipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wipe
frogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of frog
bulbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bulb
saves: third-person singular simple present indicative of save
spits: third-person singular simple present indicative of spit
trams: third-person singular simple present indicative of tram
nukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nuke
pales: third-person singular simple present indicative of pale
frags: third-person singular simple present indicative of frag
autos: third-person singular simple present indicative of auto
flops: third-person singular simple present indicative of flop
silks: third-person singular simple present indicative of silk
slots: third-person singular simple present indicative of slot
kites: third-person singular simple present indicative of kite
gaols: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaol
wraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrap
scars: third-person singular simple present indicative of scar
maces: third-person singular simple present indicative of mace
visas: third-person singular simple present indicative of visa
taxis: third-person singular simple present indicative of taxi
plugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of plug
rages: third-person singular simple present indicative of rage
lutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lute
slats: third-person singular simple present indicative of slat
yokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of yoke
chars: third-person singular simple present indicative of char
japes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jape
fuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuse
nopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nope
raids: third-person singular simple present indicative of raid
reels: third-person singular simple present indicative of reel
helms: third-person singular simple present indicative of helm
molds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mold
rears: third-person singular simple present indicative of rear
rives: third-person singular simple present indicative of rive
metes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mete
skips: third-person singular simple present indicative of skip
nooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nook
gores: third-person singular simple present indicative of gore
stews: third-person singular simple present indicative of stew
cribs: third-person singular simple present indicative of crib
goons: third-person singular simple present indicative of goon
swats: third-person singular simple present indicative of swat
fuzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuze
cades: third-person singular simple present indicative of cade
riffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of riff
blips: third-person singular simple present indicative of blip
frote: To rub or wear by rubbing; to chafe.
fumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fume
glose: Alternative form of gloze
hipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hipe
hurte: Obsolete spelling of hurt
deems: third-person singular simple present indicative of deem
gnaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnaw
warms: third-person singular simple present indicative of warm
slows: third-person singular simple present indicative of slow
soils: third-person singular simple present indicative of soil
cools: third-person singular simple present indicative of cool
thous: third-person singular simple present indicative of thou
dulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of dull
bachs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bach
larks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lark
melts: third-person singular simple present indicative of melt
milks: third-person singular simple present indicative of milk
buffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of buff
forks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fork
snows: third-person singular simple present indicative of snow
foots: third-person singular simple present indicative of foot
yawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of yawn
gasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of gast
carps: third-person singular simple present indicative of carp
bulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bulk
moors: third-person singular simple present indicative of moor
lusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of lust
fulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of full
dungs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dung
spays: third-person singular simple present indicative of spay
obeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of obey
foams: third-person singular simple present indicative of foam
darns: third-person singular simple present indicative of darn
barfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of barf
loafs: third-person singular simple present indicative of loaf
piths: third-person singular simple present indicative of pith
foils: third-person singular simple present indicative of foil
damns: third-person singular simple present indicative of damn
avows: third-person singular simple present indicative of avow
nerfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nerf
loots: third-person singular simple present indicative of loot
cacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cack
galls: third-person singular simple present indicative of gall
soaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of soap
evite: To avoid.
lards: third-person singular simple present indicative of lard
mulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of mull
pelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of pelt
glows: third-person singular simple present indicative of glow
goads: third-person singular simple present indicative of goad
fends: third-person singular simple present indicative of fend
wails: third-person singular simple present indicative of wail
hails: third-person singular simple present indicative of hail
packs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pack
ganks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gank
calms: third-person singular simple present indicative of calm
bails: third-person singular simple present indicative of bail
hauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of haul
mails: third-person singular simple present indicative of mail
bawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bawl
warps: third-person singular simple present indicative of warp
maims: third-person singular simple present indicative of maim
puffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of puff
weens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ween
murks: third-person singular simple present indicative of murk
borks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bork
risps: third-person singular simple present indicative of risp
boffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of boff
sulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of sull
bests: third-person singular simple present indicative of best
wrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of wray
wauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of waul
hafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of haft
gawps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gawp
tiers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tier
sains: third-person singular simple present indicative of sain
burps: third-person singular simple present indicative of burp
mauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of maul
jeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of jeer
jerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jerk
fasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fast
tufts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tuft
fawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of fawn
hacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hack
junks: third-person singular simple present indicative of junk
wanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wank
dials: third-person singular simple present indicative of dial
moots: third-person singular simple present indicative of moot
evens: third-person singular simple present indicative of even
rooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rook
seams: third-person singular simple present indicative of seam
plows: third-person singular simple present indicative of plow
barks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bark
nulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of null
ticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tick
leers: third-person singular simple present indicative of leer
cants: third-person singular simple present indicative of cant
looms: third-person singular simple present indicative of loom
riots: third-person singular simple present indicative of riot
beeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of beep
peals: third-person singular simple present indicative of peal
girts: third-person singular simple present indicative of girt
cooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cook
lulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of lull
rants: third-person singular simple present indicative of rant
buoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of buoy
fouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of foul
reams: third-person singular simple present indicative of ream
betas: third-person singular simple present indicative of beta
pawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of pawn
humps: third-person singular simple present indicative of hump
welds: third-person singular simple present indicative of weld
jolts: third-person singular simple present indicative of jolt
routs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rout
gasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gasp
licks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lick
coifs: third-person singular simple present indicative of coif
coils: third-person singular simple present indicative of coil
girds: third-person singular simple present indicative of gird
peels: third-person singular simple present indicative of peel
punts: third-person singular simple present indicative of punt
halts: third-person singular simple present indicative of halt
diffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of diff
romps: third-person singular simple present indicative of romp
molts: third-person singular simple present indicative of molt
redds: third-person singular simple present indicative of redd
dings: third-person singular simple present indicative of ding
hoods: third-person singular simple present indicative of hood
jinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jink
trays: third-person singular simple present indicative of tray
perks: third-person singular simple present indicative of perk
tuned: simple past and past participle of tune
pangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pang
aired: simple past and past participle of air
pined: simple past and past participle of pine
lowed: simple past and past participle of low
yawed: simple past and past participle of yaw
mooed: simple past and past participle of moo
pooed: simple past and past participle of poo
keyed: simple past and past participle of key
retar: To provide (a road, etc.) with a new coating of tar.
eared: simple past and past participle of ear
offed: simple past and past participle of off
pawed: simple past and past participle of paw
mewed: simple past and past participle of mew
booed: simple past and past participle of boo
jewed: simple past and past participle of jew
lames: third-person singular simple present indicative of lame
lamed: simple past and past participle of lame
laves: third-person singular simple present indicative of lave
pugne: To fight
pules: third-person singular simple present indicative of pule
queme: To please, to satisfy.
meted: simple past and past participle of mete
mimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mime
marre: Obsolete spelling of mar
muten: To make or become mute or muted.
muten: To mutiny.
mutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mute
lylas: Acronym of love you like a sister.
retan: To tan again.
tases: third-person singular simple present indicative of tase
tapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tape
tosed: simple past and past participle of tose
torne: Obsolete form of torn.
toses: third-person singular simple present indicative of tose
trine: To put in the aspect of a trine.
trine: To hang; to execute (someone) by suspension from the neck.
trine: To go.
viole: To violate, especially to rape.
valse: Archaic form of waltz.
feats: third-person singular simple present indicative of feat
wends: third-person singular simple present indicative of wend
vires: third-person singular simple present indicative of vire
yells: third-person singular simple present indicative of yell
crows: third-person singular simple present indicative of crow
bulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bull
gowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of gown
laide: Archaic spelling of laid.
waxen: alternative past participle of wax.
mends: third-person singular simple present indicative of mend
toils: third-person singular simple present indicative of toil
taxed: simple past and past participle of tax
brust: Obsolete form of burst.
glode: simple past and past participle of glide.
knowe: Obsolete spelling of know
divot: To tear up pieces of turf from, especially with a golf club in making a stroke.
spied: simple past and past participle of spy
lured: simple past and past participle of lure
earns: third-person singular simple present indicative of earn
canne: Obsolete spelling of can
wilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of wild
bared: simple past and past participle of bare
miche: Obsolete form of mitch.
enure: To inure; to make accustomed or desensitized to something unpleasant due to constant exposure.
enure: To take effect, to be operative; used with to.
teaze: Dated spelling of tease.
wined: simple past and past participle of wine
waged: simple past and past participle of wage
tiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tile
spile: To plug (a hole) with a spile.
spile: To draw off (a liquid) using a spile.
spile: To provide (a barrel, tree etc.) with a spile.
spile: To support by means of spiles.
spile: To drive piles into.
spile: spoil.
arses: third-person singular simple present indicative of arse
touts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tout
wreye: Obsolete spelling of wray
dirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dirk
lisse: To relieve, mitigate, assuage (pain etc.).
sacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sack
merch: To merchandise.
merch: To provide proof.
tyres: third-person singular simple present indicative of tyre
burls: third-person singular simple present indicative of burl
chits: third-person singular simple present indicative of chit
hulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of hull
hones: third-person singular simple present indicative of hone
bings: third-person singular simple present indicative of bing
gazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaze
aches: third-person singular simple present indicative of ache
sikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sike
mells: third-person singular simple present indicative of mell
porks: third-person singular simple present indicative of pork
RVing: present participle and gerund of RV
lends: third-person singular simple present indicative of lend
mowed: simple past and past participle of mow
razed: simple past and past participle of raze
jests: third-person singular simple present indicative of jest
deked: simple past and past participle of deke
dekes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deke
eruct: To burp or belch.
snoof: To sniff around, usually in the search for food.
vores: third-person singular simple present indicative of vore
relet: To let a property again
stirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stir
gusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of gust
scrod: To shred.
scrod: simple past and past participle of screw (“have sex”)
goest: second-person singular simple present indicative of go
seest: second-person singular simple present indicative of see
boned: simple past and past participle of bone
glark: To guess (the meaning of an unfamiliar word) based on hearing its use in context.
Spock: To play the Vulcan salute hand.
gaups: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaup
yanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yank
farse: To insert vernacular paraphrases into (a Latin liturgy).
bodge: To do a clumsy or inelegant job, usually as a temporary repair; mend, patch up, repair.
bodge: To work green wood using traditional country methods; to perform the craft of a bodger.
larnt: simple past and past participle of larn
larns: third-person singular simple present indicative of larn
fleas: third-person singular simple present indicative of flea
kluge: Alternative form of kludge
flees: third-person singular simple present indicative of flee
mense: To adorn, bring honour to; grace.
gated: simple past and past participle of gate
horse: Synonym of horse around
horse: To play mischievous pranks on.
horse: To provide with a horse; supply horses for.
horse: To get on horseback.
horse: To sit astride of; to bestride.
horse: To copulate with (a mare).
horse: To take or carry on the back.
horse: To place (someone) on the back of another person, or on a wooden horse, chair, etc., to be flogged or punished.
horse: To place (someone) on the back of another person, or on a wooden horse, chair, etc., to be flogged or punished.
horse: To flog.
horse: To pull, haul, or move (something) with great effort, like a horse would.
horse: To cram (food) quickly, indiscriminately or in great volume.
horse: To urge at work tyrannically.
horse: To charge for work before it is finished.
keens: third-person singular simple present indicative of keen
dimed: simple past and past participle of dime
frays: third-person singular simple present indicative of fray
gulfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gulf
reive: Archaic spelling of reave.
hefts: third-person singular simple present indicative of heft
wizen: To wither; to become, or make, lean and wrinkled by shrinkage, as from age or illness.
clipt: simple past and past participle of clip
chivs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chiv
spalt: To break off pieces, or have them broken off, especially with an axe etc; to splinter.
cooed: simple past and past participle of coo
bowks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowk
baffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of baff
skoal: To make such a toast.
homed: simple past and past participle of home
grays: third-person singular simple present indicative of gray
clogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of clog
skids: third-person singular simple present indicative of skid
turfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of turf
ruffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruff
sleds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sled
daubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of daub
fades: third-person singular simple present indicative of fade
slags: third-person singular simple present indicative of slag
clads: third-person singular simple present indicative of clad
helpt: simple past and past participle of help
grubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of grub
go to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, to.
go to: To attend an event or a sight.
go to: To attend classes at a school as a student.
go to: To tend to support.
go to: To get to work; (imperatively) come on.
go to: Used imperatively to express protest or surprise; "come, now!".
shuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of shut
slops: third-person singular simple present indicative of slop
piton: To put pitons into a rock/ice to facilitate climbing.
fecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of feck
plied: simple past and past participle of ply
tamed: simple past and past participle of tame
inbox: To put (something) in someone's inbox.
inbox: To communicate with (a person) by writing to their electronic inbox.
wolfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wolf
mimeo: To mimeograph.
cwtch: To hug or cuddle.
cwtch: To crouch down.
thirl: To pierce; to perforate, penetrate, cut through.
thirl: To drill or bore; to cut through, as a partition between one working and another.
thirl: To throw (a projectile).
thirl: To legally bind (a tenant) to the use of one's own property as an owner.
thirl: To bind; to obligate to use or be associated with.
suing: present participle and gerund of sue
faked: simple past and past participle of fake
whigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whig
butts: third-person singular simple present indicative of butt
rakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rake
yerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yerk
towed: simple past and past participle of tow
tl;dr: To provide a short summary of (a text or event).
divvy: To divide into portions.
longs: third-person singular simple present indicative of long
cloys: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloy
stied: simple past and past participle of sty
mosey: To set off, get going; to start a journey.
mosey: To go off quickly: to hurry up.
mosey: To amble; to walk or proceed in a leisurely manner.
clops: third-person singular simple present indicative of clop
clonk: To make such a sound.
doeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of do
furls: third-person singular simple present indicative of furl
shivs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shiv
flaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of flap
whizz: Alternative spelling of whiz
renig: To renege.
shied: simple past and past participle of shy
waded: simple past and past participle of wade
merce: To subject to fine or amercement; to mulct; to amerce.
payed: Obsolete spelling of paid
payed: Misspelling of paid.
payed: simple past and past participle of pay (to cover with a waterproof substance)
fates: third-person singular simple present indicative of fate
barns: third-person singular simple present indicative of barn
doses: third-person singular simple present indicative of dose
drags: third-person singular simple present indicative of drag
fixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fix
soaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of soak
voids: third-person singular simple present indicative of void
jibes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jibe
meows: third-person singular simple present indicative of meow
vamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of vamp
winks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wink
fonts: third-person singular simple present indicative of font
rafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of raft
harms: third-person singular simple present indicative of harm
fakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fake
hulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hulk
blurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blur
trims: third-person singular simple present indicative of trim
lauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of laud
coons: third-person singular simple present indicative of coon
rifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rift
fines: third-person singular simple present indicative of fine
calks: third-person singular simple present indicative of calk
miffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of miff
tilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tilt
crawk: To caw (squawk).
grist: To grind in a mill.
remix: To mix again.
remix: To create a remix.
remix: To rearrange or radically alter (a particular piece of music).
remix: To modify (a work in any medium).
unzip: To open something using a zipper.
unzip: To come open by means of a zipper.
unzip: To restore (compressed data) to its original form, from a zip file.
jumar: To climb using this device.
snuck: simple past and past participle of sneak
unbox: To remove from a box.
unbox: To retrieve (a value of a primitive type) from the object in which it is boxed.
muste: Obsolete spelling of must
snart: To fart while sneezing.
longe: To work (a horse) in a circle at the end of a long line or rope.
trach: Alternative form of trache (“fit with tracheostomy tube”)
abade: Obsolete form of abode.
laird: Chiefly as laird it over: to behave like a laird, particularly to act haughtily or to domineer; to lord (it over).
hillo: To holler, shout loudly at someone
dites: third-person singular simple present indicative of dite
dozed: simple past and past participle of doze
poked: simple past and past participle of poke
snoot: To behave disdainfully toward someone.
snoot: To apply a snoot attachment to (a light).
pfaff: Alternative spelling of faff
pleas: third-person singular simple present indicative of plea
pried: simple past and past participle of pry
outgo: To go further than (someone or something); to exceed, to go beyond, to surpass.
outgo: To experience, go through, or undergo (something).
outgo: To travel faster than (someone or something); to outstrip, to overtake.
outgo: To go out, to set forth, to set out.
outgo: To go too far; to overextend or overreach.
doffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of doff
neaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of neap
wades: third-person singular simple present indicative of wade
balks: third-person singular simple present indicative of balk
preys: third-person singular simple present indicative of prey
shins: third-person singular simple present indicative of shin
skews: third-person singular simple present indicative of skew
wilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of wilt
heeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of heed
syncs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sync
honks: third-person singular simple present indicative of honk
mewls: third-person singular simple present indicative of mewl
lours: third-person singular simple present indicative of lour
exits: third-person singular simple present indicative of exit
grabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of grab
firms: third-person singular simple present indicative of firm
caved: past participle of cave
chear: Obsolete form of cheer.
rebid: To bid again on something.
rebid: To require a new set of bids for.
rebid: To bid a higher value of the current suit.
mocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mock
cawed: simple past and past participle of caw
flays: third-person singular simple present indicative of flay
techs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tech
opted: simple past and past participle of opt
desks: third-person singular simple present indicative of desk
gooed: simple past and past participle of goo
limns: third-person singular simple present indicative of limn
lisps: third-person singular simple present indicative of lisp
blear: To be blear; to have blear eyes; to look or gaze with blear eyes.
blear: To make (usually the eyes or eyesight) blurred or dim.
blear: To blur, make blurry.
gurns: third-person singular simple present indicative of gurn
dusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dust
domed: simple past and past participle of dome
RV'ed: simple past and past participle of RV
coact: To compel, constrain, force.
coact: To work together.
chuse: Obsolete spelling of choose
copay: To jointly pay with another or others.
obeah: To bewitch using this kind of folk magic.
laces: third-person singular simple present indicative of lace
hewed: past participle of hew
baken: alternative past participle of bake; baked.
bowse: To drink excessively and socially; to carouse.
bowse: To haul or hoist (something) with a tackle.
seeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of seep
goofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of goof
coned: simple past and past participle of cone
gimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gimp
bouse: To haul or hoist (something) with a tackle.
bouse: To drink immoderately; to carouse; to booze.
jives: third-person singular simple present indicative of jive
seels: third-person singular simple present indicative of seel
dunna: do not.
bornt: simple past and past participle of born
borns: third-person singular simple present indicative of born
spars: third-person singular simple present indicative of spar
steik: Alternative form of steek
tubed: simple past and past participle of tube
tours: third-person singular simple present indicative of tour
jodel: To yodel.
queep: To emit a "queep" sound.
trank: Alternative spelling of tranq (“tranquilize”)
peise: To weigh or measure the weight of; to poise.
peise: To weigh or take the measure of (an immaterial object).
peise: To weigh down, retard
dunsh: Alternative spelling of dunch
clays: third-person singular simple present indicative of clay
kinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kink
potes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pote
logon: Misspelling of log on.
bused: simple past and past participle of bus
shirr: To make gathers in textiles by drawing together parallel threads.
shirr: To bake (a raw egg removed from its shell) in a baking dish.
drave: simple past of drive
stope: To excavate in the form of stopes.
stope: To fill in with rubbish, as a space from which the ore has been worked out.
kisse: Obsolete form of kiss.
wrapt: simple past and past participle of wrap
hoida: Pronunciation spelling of heard of.
redub: To give another name or title to; to dub again.
redub: To dub (video material) again; to provide with a new soundtrack.
redub: To repair or correct something.
flied: simple past and past participle of fly (hit a fly ball)
seans: third-person singular simple present indicative of sean
thizz: To get high from the drug MDMA (Ecstasy).
altre: Obsolete form of alter.
raked: simple past and past participle of rake
binky: To perform a high hop, as when happy.
vexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vex
stupe: To foment with such a cloth or sponge.
sende: Obsolete spelling of send
roved: past participle of rove
quich: Obsolete spelling of quitch
cupel: To refine or assay using a cupel.
tszuj: Alternative spelling of zhoosh
eased: past participle of ease
keeve: To set in a keeve, or tub, for fermentation.
keeve: To heave; to tilt, as a cart.
blabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blab
fordo: To kill, destroy.
fordo: To annul, abolish, cancel.
fordo: To do away with, undo; to ruin.
fordo: To overcome with fatigue; to exhaust.
barbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of barb
bares: third-person singular simple present indicative of bare
hokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoke
shuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of shun
volti: turn the page
spray: To project a liquid in a dispersive manner toward something.
spray: To project in a dispersive manner.
spray: To project many small items dispersively.
spray: To urinate in order to mark territory.
spray: To allocate blocks of memory from (a heap, etc.), and fill them with the same byte sequence, hoping to establish that sequence in a certain predetermined location as part of an exploit.
spray: To pass (a ball), usually laterally across the field and often a long distance.
spray: To kick (a ball) poorly and in an unintended direction.
spray: To give unwanted advice.
ruing: present participle and gerund of rue
solfa: Alternative form of sol-fa
dunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dunk
pecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of peck
soars: third-person singular simple present indicative of soar
kneed: simple past and past participle of knee
hosed: simple past and past participle of hose
flang: simple past of fling
usure: To commit usury.
grane: Obsolete form of groan.
kikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kike
prede: To prey; to plunder.
yomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of yomp
duped: simple past and past participle of dupe
dices: third-person singular simple present indicative of dice
laced: simple past and past participle of lace
racks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rack
dosed: simple past and past participle of dose
yclad: past participle of clothe
yborn: past participle of bear
fritz: To go wrong or become defective.
roils: third-person singular simple present indicative of roil
do up: To fasten (a piece of clothing, etc.); to tighten (a nut etc.)
do up: To redecorate (a room, etc.); to make improvements to (a home or domestic property).
do up: To execute a task or performance.
do up: To pack together and envelop; to pack up.
do up: To accomplish thoroughly.
do up: To starch and iron.
do up: To beat up; to physically assault.
mopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mope
nicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nick
clypt: simple past and past participle of clip; obsolete spelling of clipped
twocs: third-person singular simple present indicative of twoc
caged: simple past and past participle of cage
torit: To cleave or tear in pieces.
nuked: simple past and past participle of nuke
anele: To anoint; to give extreme unction with oil.
dries: third-person singular simple present indicative of dry
tween: To generate intermediate frames in an animated sequence so as to give the appearance of smooth movement.
defog: To remove the moisture or fog from.
defog: To make intelligible; to free from confusion.
degas: To remove the gas from.
gacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gack
deice: To remove the ice from something.
deice: To lose its ice; to thaw.
memaw: Alternative form of meemaw
spirt: Archaic spelling of spurt.
priss: To dress or behave in a prissy manner
swizz: To swindle.
imbed: Alternative spelling of embed
tromp: To tread heavily, especially to crush underfoot.
tromp: To utterly defeat an opponent.
woned: simple past and past participle of won
woned: simple past and past participle of wone
felts: third-person singular simple present indicative of felt
fells: third-person singular simple present indicative of fell
Jewed: simple past and past participle of Jew
twits: third-person singular simple present indicative of twit
bolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bold
spews: third-person singular simple present indicative of spew
hypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hype
noons: third-person singular simple present indicative of noon
fords: third-person singular simple present indicative of ford
vents: third-person singular simple present indicative of vent
beefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of beef
gyres: third-person singular simple present indicative of gyre
lolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of loll
bunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bund
gulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of gull
oinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of oink
cubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cube
roars: third-person singular simple present indicative of roar
fails: third-person singular simple present indicative of fail
jilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of jilt
palls: third-person singular simple present indicative of pall
dazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of daze
heats: third-person singular simple present indicative of heat
sulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sulk
gaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of gait
limps: third-person singular simple present indicative of limp
rorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rort
yarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of yarn
peeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of peek
woofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of woof
pouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of pout
popes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pope
wafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of waft
warns: third-person singular simple present indicative of warn
narks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nark
heals: third-person singular simple present indicative of heal
ogles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ogle
wicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wick
mings: third-person singular simple present indicative of ming
curds: third-person singular simple present indicative of curd
rucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruck
veels: third-person singular simple present indicative of veel
eeped: simple past and past participle of eep
jarps: third-person singular simple present indicative of jarp
wists: third-person singular simple present indicative of wist
wongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wong
stims: third-person singular simple present indicative of stim
gonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gonk
haets: third-person singular simple present indicative of haet
brobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of brob
doin': Contraction of doing, the present participle of do.
minse: Obsolete form of mince.
zippo: To light on fire.
bayed: simple past and past participle of bay
laske: Alternative spelling of lask
astun: To astonish.
farks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fark
therm: A technique used by woodturners to simultaneously create multiple copies of spindles and table legs.
caned: simple past and past participle of cane
conde: To direct a ship.
steek: To stitch (sew with a needle).
steek: To shut or close.
steek: To use a technique for knitting garments such as sweaters in the round without interruption for openings or sleeves until the end.
go in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, in.
go in: To become obscured by clouds. (of the sun, moon or stars)
go in: To share in part of a project's or plan's duties or costs.
go in: To become understood or accepted.
go in: To perform invasive surgery.
go by: To pass or go past without much interaction.
go by: To be called, to use as a name.
go by: To follow; to assume as true for the purposes of making a decision, taking an action, etc.
thrid: simple past of thread
thrid: To pass through in the manner of a thread or a needle; to make or find a course through; to thread.
thrid: To make or effect (a way or course) through something.
caked: simple past and past participle of cake
suade: To persuade.
brank: To put someone in the branks.
brank: To hold up and toss the head; applied to horses as spurning the bit.
brank: To prance; to caper.
nosed: simple past and past participle of nose
scrag: To hang on a gallows, or to choke, garotte, or strangle.
scrag: To harass; to manhandle.
scrag: To destroy or kill.
poind: To seize property in this manner.
culch: To prepare an oyster bed with such (culch) attachments; to sort shellfish or fish catch by size -- most often oysters -- so as to throw back the smallest to grow bigger and breed.
bein': present participle of be
muses: third-person singular simple present indicative of muse
embus: to put (troops) onto a bus
embus: to board a bus
tp'ed: simple past and past participle of tp
potch: To thrust.
potch: To trample.
potch: To bleach rags in paper-making.
potch: Obsolete form of poach (to cook in simmering water).
duels: third-person singular simple present indicative of duel
dupes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dupe
louts: third-person singular simple present indicative of lout
thaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of thaw
finks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fink
grins: third-person singular simple present indicative of grin
flits: third-person singular simple present indicative of flit
waned: simple past and past participle of wane
volve: To turn over in the mind; to ponder.
bobar: To defecate.
piing: present participle and gerund of pi
benim: To take away; rob; deprive; ravish
tyran: To act tyrannically towards.
sited: simple past and past participle of site
knaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of knap
clomb: simple past and past participle of climb
rewed: To wed again.
yexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of yex
yexed: simple past and past participle of yex
sears: third-person singular simple present indicative of sear
honer: Misspelling of honor/honour.
faxed: simple past and past participle of fax
welsh: To cheat or swindle someone, often by not paying a debt, especially a gambling debt.
welsh: To go back on one's word.
gored: simple past and past participle of gore
miked: simple past and past participle of mike
limed: simple past and past participle of lime
grued: simple past and past participle of grue
gyred: simple past and past participle of gyre
jibed: simple past and past participle of jibe
cubed: simple past and past participle of cube
gamed: simple past and past participle of game
outed: simple past and past participle of out
diced: simple past and past participle of dice
hyped: simple past and past participle of hype
piped: simple past and past participle of pipe
holed: simple past and past participle of hole
joked: simple past and past participle of joke
paged: simple past and past participle of page
puked: simple past and past participle of puke
grues: third-person singular simple present indicative of grue
muted: simple past and past participle of mute
soled: simple past and past participle of sole
axing: present participle and gerund of axe
grype: Obsolete spelling of gripe
paled: simple past and past participle of pale
eases: third-person singular simple present indicative of ease
duffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of duff
laved: simple past and past participle of lave
gaged: simple past and past participle of gage
lases: third-person singular simple present indicative of lase
lased: simple past and past participle of lase
kited: simple past and past participle of kite
pukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of puke
japed: simple past and past participle of jape
doted: simple past and past participle of dote
hucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of huck
aping: present participle and gerund of ape
cored: simple past and past participle of core
razes: third-person singular simple present indicative of raze
boded: simple past and past participle of bode
baned: simple past and past participle of bane
wanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wane
haled: simple past and past participle of hale
jived: simple past and past participle of jive
slams: third-person singular simple present indicative of slam
hiked: simple past and past participle of hike
melds: third-person singular simple present indicative of meld
riled: simple past and past participle of rile
tolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of toll
idled: simple past and past participle of idle
lubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lube
lubed: simple past and past participle of lube
bodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bode
hales: third-person singular simple present indicative of hale
ogled: simple past and past participle of ogle
tiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tiff
riles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rile
whams: third-person singular simple present indicative of wham
wared: simple past and past participle of ware
oping: present participle and gerund of ope
yawps: third-person singular simple present indicative of yawp
hires: third-person singular simple present indicative of hire
plods: third-person singular simple present indicative of plod
pored: simple past and past participle of pore
gibed: simple past and past participle of gibe
gibes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gibe
topes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tope
slued: simple past and past participle of slue
weets: third-person singular simple present indicative of weet
swabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of swab
oused: simple past and past participle of ouse
ouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ouse
yeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of yean
wooed: simple past and past participle of woo
thins: third-person singular simple present indicative of thin
wones: third-person singular simple present indicative of wone
robed: simple past and past participle of robe
smirr: To drizzle; to rain finely.
smirr: To cover with fine rain.
boaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of boak
sowed: simple past and past participle of sow
staps: third-person singular simple present indicative of stap
chope: To reserve a place, such as a seat in a fast food restaurant, sometimes by placing a packet of tissue paper on it.
remap: To assign differently; to relabel or repurpose.
remap: To map again.
repos: third-person singular simple present indicative of repo
tirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of tirl
soger: To shirk; to neglect one's work.
hoven: alternative past participle of heave
bleck: To blacken.
bleck: To defile.
misdo: To do evil; to commit misdeeds.
misdo: To do (something) incorrectly or improperly.
misdo: To do harm to; to injure, mistreat.
leans: third-person singular simple present indicative of lean
raves: third-person singular simple present indicative of rave
hawed: simple past and past participle of haw
raved: simple past and past participle of rave
hield: To bend; incline; tilt (as a water-vessel or ship); heel.
hield: To pour out; pour.
hield: To throw; cast; put.
hield: To bow; bend; incline; tilt or cant over.
hield: To decline; sink; go down.
hield: To yield; give way; surrender.
humph: To utter "humph!" in doubt or disapproval.
siked: simple past and past participle of sike
greys: third-person singular simple present indicative of grey
frick: Euphemistic form of fuck.
appui: To support, e.g. by posting troops.
spang: To set with bright points: star or spangle.
spang: To hitch; fasten.
spang: To strike or ricochet with a loud report
spang: To leap; spring.
spang: To cause to spring; set forcibly in motion; throw with violence.
croyn: Cry as deer do at rutting time; murmur deeply.
luffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of luff
recks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reck
marls: third-person singular simple present indicative of marl
dowed: simple past and past participle of dow
ricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rick
purrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of purr
snubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snub
pulps: third-person singular simple present indicative of pulp
fazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of faze
resow: To sow again, to plant seed where it has already been planted.
omits: third-person singular simple present indicative of omit
mated: simple past and past participle of mate
skims: third-person singular simple present indicative of skim
yoked: simple past and past participle of yoke
baulk: Alternative spelling of balk
yowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of yowl
linge: To work hard.
gouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of gout
donks: third-person singular simple present indicative of donk
juped: simple past and past participle of jupe
jupes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jupe
stums: third-person singular simple present indicative of stum
tawed: simple past and past participle of taw
iring: present participle and gerund of ire
tacos: third-person singular simple present indicative of taco
vials: third-person singular simple present indicative of vial
nicen: To become nicer.
nicen: To make nicer.
sways: third-person singular simple present indicative of sway
ousts: third-person singular simple present indicative of oust
redye: To dye again.
tiled: simple past and past participle of tile
gaped: simple past and past participle of gape
oozed: simple past and past participle of ooze
snugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snug
refit: To fit again; to put back into its place.
refit: To prepare for use again; to repair or restore.
refit: To fit out or supply again (with something).
refit: To prepare a vessel for use again (e.g. by replenishing depleted supplies or doing maintenance or repair work); (of a vessel) to be prepared for use again.
mekin: Pronunciation spelling of making.
deein: present participle of dee
twerk: To twitch or jerk.
twerk: To move the body in a sexually suggestive twisting or gyrating fashion, especially as a dance.
rived: simple past and past participle of rive
swops: third-person singular simple present indicative of swop
GIing: present participle and gerund of GI
zooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of zoom
kiped: simple past and past participle of kipe
kipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kipe
lazed: simple past and past participle of laze
puled: simple past and past participle of pule
myeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of myek
etten: Alternative form of eaten, past participle of eat
brews: third-person singular simple present indicative of brew
unbar: To unlock or unbolt a door that had been locked or bolted with a bar.
unbar: To remove an impediment that obstructs the passage of (someone or something).
unbar: To remove a prohibition.
maund: to beg
maund: To mutter; to mumble or speak incoherently; to maunder.
troon: Synonym of troon out (“to undergo gender transition”)
troon: To make someone transition.
resew: Alternative spelling of re-sew
congé: Alternative form of congee: to take leave, to bid farewell, in various senses; to bow, curtsey, etc.
tyeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tyek
torat: To tear apart, tear asunder.
torat: To scatter, disperse.
fived: simple past and past participle of five
skuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of skud
vests: third-person singular simple present indicative of vest
stott: Alternative spelling of stot
stive: To stew; to be stifled or suffocated.
stive: To compress, to cram.
omens: third-person singular simple present indicative of omen
stich: Obsolete form of stitch.
stich: Misspelling of stitch.
shash: To produce white noise.
yeggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of yegg
gride: To pierce (something) with a weapon; to wound, to stab.
gride: To travel through something.
gride: To produce a grinding or scraping sound.
scans: third-person singular simple present indicative of scan
quops: third-person singular simple present indicative of quop
oozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ooze
embay: To bathe; to steep.
embay: To shut in, enclose, shelter or trap, such as ships in a bay.
tweek: Misspelling of tweak.
envie: To vie; to emulate; to strive.
gluts: third-person singular simple present indicative of glut
spets: third-person singular simple present indicative of spet
ashed: simple past and past participle of ash
ravin: To dine or feast upon plunder or goods seized by violence.
ruche: To flute or pleat (fabric).
ruche: To bunch up (fabric); to ruck up.
dered: simple past and past participle of dere
deres: third-person singular simple present indicative of dere
leint: To urinate in an alcoholic beverage to increase its strength.
baled: simple past and past participle of bale
galop: To dance the galop.
denib: To remove nibs trapped in a layer of paint or other finish.
unpin: To unfasten by removing a pin.
unpin: To detach (an icon, application, etc.) from the place where it was previously pinned.
unpin: To undo the pinning or fixing of (an array in memory, a security certificate, etc.) so that it can be modified again.
unpin: To get (a piece) out of a pin.
unsay: To withdraw, retract (something said).
unsay: To cause something not to have been said; to make it so that one never said something (since this is physically impossible, usually in the subjunctive).
holla: Alternative form of hollo
holla: To shout out or greet casually.
tased: simple past and past participle of tase
gulps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gulp
unfix: To unfasten from a fixing.
dumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dumb
scend: To heave upward.
napoo: To finish; to put an end to; to kill.
ahems: third-person singular simple present indicative of ahem
golds: third-person singular simple present indicative of gold
coast: To glide along without adding energy; to allow a vehicle to continue moving forward after disengaging the engine or ceasing to apply motive power.
coast: To sail along a coast.
coast: To make a minimal effort; to continue to do something in a routine way, without initiative or effort.
coast: To draw near to; to approach; to keep near, or by the side of.
coast: To sail by or near; to follow the coastline of.
coast: To conduct along a coast or river bank.
coast: To slide downhill; to slide on a sled upon snow or ice.
wisen: To become wise or wiser.
wisen: To make wise or wiser.
hocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hock
corns: third-person singular simple present indicative of corn
keels: third-person singular simple present indicative of keel
wepte: Obsolete spelling of wept; simple past and past participle of weep
burye: Obsolete spelling of bury
sayde: Obsolete spelling of said
seyde: Obsolete spelling of said; simple past and past participle of say
saile: Obsolete spelling of sail
heare: Obsolete spelling of hear
sired: simple past and past participle of sire
welts: third-person singular simple present indicative of welt
preps: third-person singular simple present indicative of prep
upped: simple past and past participle of up
maxed: simple past and past participle of max
hicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hick
memos: third-person singular simple present indicative of memo
clued: simple past and past participle of clue
pends: third-person singular simple present indicative of pend
wised: simple past and past participle of wise
toyed: simple past and past participle of toy
rayed: simple past and past participle of ray
lurks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lurk
vends: third-person singular simple present indicative of vend
amped: simple past and past participle of amp
blags: third-person singular simple present indicative of blag
blive: Alternative form of belive ("to remain").
serue: obsolete typography of serve
lacke: Obsolete spelling of lack
wolve: To behave like a wolf.
wolve: Of an organ, to make a hollow whining sound like that of a wolf.
wolve: Rare form of wolf (“to devour; to gobble; to eat (something) voraciously”).
OKing: present participle and gerund of OK
yorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of york
sicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sick
okays: third-person singular simple present indicative of okay
arced: simple past and past participle of arc
circs: third-person singular simple present indicative of circ
swags: third-person singular simple present indicative of swag
doled: simple past and past participle of dole
pongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pong
doles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dole
dangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dang
minde: Obsolete spelling of mind
Borgs: third-person singular simple present indicative of Borg
wived: simple past and past participle of wive
dight: To deal with, handle.
dight: To dispose, put (in a given state or condition).
dight: To be formed or composed (of).
dight: To dress, array; to adorn.
dight: To make ready, prepare.
hilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of hilt
hoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoot
jades: third-person singular simple present indicative of jade
skift: Synonym of skiff (“fall lightly or briefly, and lightly cover the ground”)
skift: To shift; to move or remove.
hamel: Alternative form of hamble
dropt: obsolete spelling of dropped; simple past and past participle of drop
tolde: Obsolete spelling of told
doven: past participle of dive
doven: Alternative form of daven
keepe: Obsolete spelling of keep
leaue: obsolete typography of leave
giuen: past participle of giue; obsolete spelling of given
saide: simple past and past participle of saye
stopt: Obsolete spelling of stopped; simple past and past participle of stop
seene: Obsolete spelling of seen
looke: Obsolete spelling of look
seeke: Obsolete spelling of seek
worke: Obsolete spelling of work
stept: simple past and past participle of step
wisht: simple past and past participle of wish
liest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lie
useth: third-person singular simple present indicative of use
seeme: Obsolete spelling of seem
roave: Archaic spelling of rove.
coure: Obsolete form of cower.
owest: second-person singular simple present indicative of owe
oweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of owe
sayst: Alternative form of sayest
slipt: simple past and past participle of slip
washt: simple past and past participle of wash
slayn: Obsolete spelling of slain, simple past and past participle of slay
waite: Archaic spelling of wait.
sueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sue
usest: second-person singular simple present indicative of use
enioy: Obsolete spelling of enjoy
teems: third-person singular simple present indicative of teem
rends: third-person singular simple present indicative of rend
blued: simple past and past participle of blue
amens: third-person singular simple present indicative of amen
gnawn: past participle of gnaw
diest: second-person singular simple present indicative of die
hayed: simple past and past participle of hay
anted: simple past and past participle of ante; alternative spelling of anteed
anted: simple past and past participle of ant
chopt: simple past and past participle of chop
cokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coke
DIYed: simple past and past participle of DIY
yogis: third-person singular simple present indicative of yogi
waifs: third-person singular simple present indicative of waif
lookt: simple past and past participle of look
blobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blob
coopt: Alternative spelling of co-opt
tucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tuck
paves: third-person singular simple present indicative of pave
trapt: simple past and past participle of trap
trapt: Alternative form of trapped
beaus: third-person singular simple present indicative of beau
booms: third-person singular simple present indicative of boom
hurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurl
forel: To bind with a forel.
tamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of tamp
slums: third-person singular simple present indicative of slum
wolde: simple past and past participle of will. See would.
lucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of luck
rared: simple past and past participle of rare
bilks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bilk
tames: third-person singular simple present indicative of tame
clits: third-person singular simple present indicative of clit
conks: third-person singular simple present indicative of conk
scats: third-person singular simple present indicative of scat
kelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of kelp
kerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of kern
crams: third-person singular simple present indicative of cram
gawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gawk
sires: third-person singular simple present indicative of sire
golfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of golf
rares: third-person singular simple present indicative of rare
bonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bonk
ramps: third-person singular simple present indicative of ramp
clags: third-person singular simple present indicative of clag
brens: third-person singular simple present indicative of bren
stips: third-person singular simple present indicative of stip
douts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dout
lazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of laze
facks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fack
fooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fook
laffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of laff
lawes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lawe
berms: third-person singular simple present indicative of berm
lilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of lilt
scape: to escape
faine: Obsolete spelling of fain
UTFSE: Initialism of use the fucking search engine.
clapt: simple past and past participle of clap
cuing: Alternative spelling of cueing
aline: Obsolete form of align. or misspelling
amove: To set in motion; to stir up, excite.
amove: To remove (a person or thing) from a position.
amove: To dismiss from an office or station.
lyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lye
voyce: Obsolete spelling of voice
heate: Archaic spelling of heat.
speke: Obsolete spelling of speak
neede: Archaic spelling of need.
thowt: simple past and past participle of think
wente: Archaic spelling of went., past participle of go
whipt: simple past and past participle of whip
foole: Archaic spelling of fool.
anear: To approach
rasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rasp
rased: simple past and past participle of rase
treed: simple past and past participle of tree
abbed: simple past and past participle of ab
teend: To kindle; to burn.
bewet: To wet or moisten profusely.
biked: simple past and past participle of bike
bided: simple past and past participle of bide
bides: third-person singular simple present indicative of bide
vises: third-person singular simple present indicative of vise
ripes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ripe
roule: Obsolete form of roll.
poché: To fill (areas of an architectural plan or section) in this manner.
brags: third-person singular simple present indicative of brag
rames: third-person singular simple present indicative of rame
leese: To lose.
leese: To release, set free.
leese: To loosen, unfasten.
leese: To hurt.
shrow: To hide or cover; to shroud.
sneap: To bite, nip, or pinch (someone or something).
sneap: To check or abruptly reprove (someone); to chide, to rebuke, to reprimand.
sneap: To offend (someone); to put (someone's) nose out of joint.
zests: third-person singular simple present indicative of zest
skall: To scale; to mount
fakie: To ride using a fakie stance.
riped: simple past and past participle of ripe
busks: third-person singular simple present indicative of busk
swots: third-person singular simple present indicative of swot
colls: third-person singular simple present indicative of coll
knags: third-person singular simple present indicative of knag
biffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of biff
guffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of guff
tocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tock
tinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tink
slank: simple past and past participle of slink
venge: To avenge; to punish; to revenge.
bouge: To swell out.
bouge: To bilge.
perce: Obsolete form of pierce.
pries: third-person singular simple present indicative of pry
dewax: To remove wax from a material or from a surface.
deoil: To remove oil from (a material or surface).
dozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of doze
talcs: third-person singular simple present indicative of talc
purls: third-person singular simple present indicative of purl
wuved: simple past and past participle of wuv
yacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yack
slubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of slub
knaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of knaw
oints: third-person singular simple present indicative of oint
peins: third-person singular simple present indicative of pein
hadna: hadn't
riced: simple past and past participle of rice
rices: third-person singular simple present indicative of rice
slims: third-person singular simple present indicative of slim
sours: third-person singular simple present indicative of sour
remet: simple past and past participle of remeet
twill: To weave (cloth, etc.) so as to produce the appearance of diagonal lines or ribs on the surface.
dines: third-person singular simple present indicative of dine
drubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of drub
fumed: simple past and past participle of fume
flubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of flub
unsex: To deprive of sexual attributes or characteristics.
unsex: To sterilize (deprive of the ability to procreate); to castrate.
yeild: Misspelling of yield.
convo: To have a conversation, to converse.
readd: To add again.
groks: third-person singular simple present indicative of grok
halos: third-person singular simple present indicative of halo
vides: third-person singular simple present indicative of vide
relit: simple past and past participle of relight
bogue: To fall off from the wind; to edge away to leeward.
tould: Archaic spelling of told.
loike: Pronunciation spelling of like.
deale: Archaic spelling of deal.
thair: To need; to be bound or obligated to do something.
seith: third-person singular simple present indicative of say
holde: Archaic spelling of hold.
begge: Archaic spelling of beg.
marke: Obsolete spelling of mark
haloo: Dated form of halloo.
sayth: third-person singular simple present indicative of say
pures: third-person singular simple present indicative of pure
outen: To put out; extinguish.
ratch: To stretch.
ratch: To streak.
ratch: To sail by tacks.
stans: third-person singular simple present indicative of stan
zincs: third-person singular simple present indicative of zinc
gaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaff
duppy: To kill; to murder.
duppy: To excel in.
tweel: Alternative form of twill
semes: third-person singular simple present indicative of seme
coper: To supply the North Sea fishing industry from a floating grogshop.
laded: simple past and past participle of lade
eloin: Obsolete spelling of eloign
reput: To put (something) again.
redry: To dry again
yelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of yelp
whets: third-person singular simple present indicative of whet
whois: To look up using a whois protocol.
unsub: Abbreviation of unsubscribe.
shoed: simple past and past participle of shoe
haxor: To hack.
malky: To physically assault.
malky: To murder.
chibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chib
knits: third-person singular simple present indicative of knit
maced: simple past and past participle of mace
kilns: third-person singular simple present indicative of kiln
stonk: To unleash a heavy artillery bombardment.
stonk: To overwhelm or trounce; to defeat decisively.
hange: Obsolete spelling of hang
swyve: Alternative spelling of swive
herse: Alternative form of hearse
demix: To separate into its components.
demix: To reverse the downmixing process, recovering channels or stems.
unhem: To remove a hem; to undo the process of hemming.
kotow: Alternative spelling of kowtow
hawse: To lie uneasily to an anchor, typically due to a weather tide.
numbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of numb
nixed: simple past and past participle of nix
nixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nix
gloam: To begin to grow dark; to grow dusky.
gloam: To be sullen or morose.
lazen: To make or become lazed or lazy
umped: simple past and past participle of ump
joyed: simple past and past participle of joy
maxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of max
mimed: simple past and past participle of mime
laked: simple past and past participle of lake
defat: To remove fat from a material, especially by the use of solvents
pacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of pact
baaed: simple past and past participle of baa
baing: present participle and gerund of ba
blubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blub
indef: To block or ban a user, account, or IP address from editing or other actions for an indefinite length of time.
inlaw: To clear of outlawry or attainder; to place under the protection of the law
gedge: To make a wry face.
gedge: To gauge. (alternative spelling to match dialect pronunciation)
vasal: Alternative spelling of vassal
chast: to chasten
oogle: Misspelling of ogle.
recut: to cut again.
speel: To climb.
speel: To talk at length, to spiel.
speel: To run.
speel: To lake, play, sport, take amusement.
treks: third-person singular simple present indicative of trek
yeard: Alternative form of heard
educt: To educe, to extract.
smush: to mash; or push; especially to push down or in; compress
smush: To engage in intimate contact, especially sexual relations.
derat: To rid of rats.
pervs: third-person singular simple present indicative of perv
effed: simple past and past participle of eff
pluto: To demote or devalue something.
beare: Obsolete form of bear.
shies: third-person singular simple present indicative of shy
shoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoo
wried: simple past and past participle of wry
wries: third-person singular simple present indicative of wry
wowed: simple past and past participle of wow
wowed: To apply an emoticon with the meaning of "wow"
perms: third-person singular simple present indicative of perm
silts: third-person singular simple present indicative of silt
brast: simple past of burst
brast: Obsolete form of burst.
whops: third-person singular simple present indicative of whop
flyte: Alternative spelling of flite
roves: third-person singular simple present indicative of rove
woven: past participle of weave
oared: simple past and past participle of oar
sware: simple past of swear
regas: To refill (an appliance such as an air-conditioning unit) with the gases needed for operation.
elden: To advance in eld or old age; to grow older; to age.
stets: third-person singular simple present indicative of stet
sloom: To sleep lightly, to doze, to nod; to be half-asleep.
sloom: To soften or rot with damp. (of plants or soil)
wille: Obsolete spelling of will
dreep: To lower oneself from a height and drop the remaining distance.
rejig: To rearrange or tweak (something), especially in order to improve it or make it suitable for some purpose.
rejig: To provide (a place, etc.) with new equipment or machinery; to reequip, to refit.
rejig: To separate or sort (ore) again in a jigger or sieve.
spoak: Misspelling of spoke.
bungs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bung
hakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hake
haked: simple past and past participle of hake
viddy: To see; to view.
lylab: Acronym of love you like a brother (or like a bro).
pling: To produce a soft bell-like sound.
dades: third-person singular simple present indicative of dade
f**ks: third-person singular simple present indicative of f**k
fetes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fete
tiver: To mark with tiver, as sheep.
tiver: To paint, to sculpt.
leges: third-person singular simple present indicative of lege
gapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gape
stean: To pelt with stones; throw stones at; stone.
stean: To fit with stones; mend, line, pave, etc. with stones.
amese: To appease, pacify or calm
amese: To moderate
esses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ess
gilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of gild
balds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bald
ybent: past participle of bend: bent
sofas: third-person singular simple present indicative of sofa
beene: Obsolete spelling of been
hurra: Alternative form of hurrah
stimy: Alternative spelling of stymie
hared: simple past and past participle of hare
laxen: To make or become lax
plops: third-person singular simple present indicative of plop
neven: To give as a name to; name; call (someone something).
neven: To appoint; nominate.
neven: To mention; speak of; give an account of; tell.
neven: To utter; mention the name of.
neven: To tell or make mention of (a person or thing); specify; designate.
neven: To say; speak.
repot: To move (a growing plant) from one pot to a larger one to allow for further growth.
repot: To give (oneself) new challenges or environments as a means of personal growth.
quonk: To produce unwanted noise.
quonk: To honk.
immit: To send in, put in, insert, inject or infuse
fains: third-person singular simple present indicative of fain
flipe: Alternative form of flype
flype: To turn inside out, or with the leg part back over the foot, as when putting on or taking off a stocking.
freep: To subject to a mass internet or email assault aimed at pushing a particular point of view.
squee: To squeal with excitement or delight.
talaq: To divorce somebody by these means.
hench: To halt or limp.
hench: To be a henchman or henchwoman, usually for a supervillain.
frits: third-person singular simple present indicative of frit
unsee: To undo the act of seeing something; to erase the memory of having seen something, or otherwise reverse the effect of having seen something.
gloop: To flow like goo or goop, to move in a slushy way.
gloop: To cover someone in gloop or goo.
fuzed: simple past and past participle of fuze
sqush: To squash or squelch.
poled: simple past and past participle of pole
bunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunt
speet: To stab.
prees: third-person singular simple present indicative of pree
ICQed: simple past and past participle of ICQ
gussy: To dress up or decorate in a showy way.
sneed: To seethe; to become extremely frustrated and agitated.
sneed: simple past and past participle of snee
wonts: third-person singular simple present indicative of wont
avels: third-person singular simple present indicative of avel
lanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lank
yelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of yelm
vails: third-person singular simple present indicative of vail
filks: third-person singular simple present indicative of filk
lopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lope
gaums: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaum
sards: third-person singular simple present indicative of sard
girns: third-person singular simple present indicative of girn
faffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of faff
hulas: third-person singular simple present indicative of hula
blegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleg
gnars: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnar
haded: simple past and past participle of hade
dawed: simple past and past participle of daw
cruds: third-person singular simple present indicative of crud
plims: third-person singular simple present indicative of plim
stegs: simple past and past participle of steg
sorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of sorn
uncts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unct
yarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yark
unhid: simple past and past participle of unhide
raiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of raik
gowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of gowl
amels: third-person singular simple present indicative of amel
firks: third-person singular simple present indicative of firk
snews: third-person singular simple present indicative of snew
mirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirk
mards: third-person singular simple present indicative of mard
jills: third-person singular simple present indicative of jill
unsaw: simple past and past participle of unsee
waqfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of waqf
SMSed: simple past and past participle of SMS
SMSes: third-person singular simple present indicative of SMS
deops: third-person singular simple present indicative of deop
opped: simple past and past participle of op
stows: third-person singular simple present indicative of stow
sieze: Misspelling of seize.
stuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of stun
sifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sift
scows: third-person singular simple present indicative of scow
greps: third-person singular simple present indicative of grep
wakfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wakf
tranq: Clipping of tranquilize.
tranq: To use the drug called tranq.
skyte: Alternative form of skite
refed: simple past and past participle of refeed
heere: Obsolete spelling of hear
upsot: simple past and past participle of upset
unbid: To undo the process of bidding; to cancel a bid.
unpeg: To remove from a peg.
unpeg: Synonym of depeg
lants: third-person singular simple present indicative of lant
loped: simple past and past participle of lope
IRCed: simple past and past participle of IRC
fêted: simple past and past participle of fête
flans: third-person singular simple present indicative of flan
ajars: third-person singular simple present indicative of ajar
huffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of huff
dewet: To undergo or cause the rupture of a thin liquid film on a liquid or solid substrate
dewet: To remove moisture from
maaed: simple past and past participle of maa
comix: Alternative spelling of commix
coped: simple past and past participle of cope
thees: third-person singular simple present indicative of thee
shode: Alternative spelling of shoad
shoad: To seek for a vein or mineral deposit by following a shode, or tracing them to whence they derived.
shoad: To be distributed as shoads.
repin: To pin again.
tices: third-person singular simple present indicative of tice
XORed: simple past and past participle of XOR
oohed: simple past and past participle of ooh
looky: Look.
lysed: simple past and past participle of lyse
lyses: third-person singular simple present indicative of lyse
juked: simple past and past participle of juke
lazos: third-person singular simple present indicative of lazo
pandy: To strike on the palm of the hand with a strap as a school punishment.
pandy: To distribute or publicize, especially in order to curry favor.
wiled: simple past and past participle of wile
reses: third-person singular simple present indicative of res
vlogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of vlog
cloke: Archaic spelling of cloak.
gloms: third-person singular simple present indicative of glom
krige: To perform kriging of data.
engle: To cajole or coax.
faves: third-person singular simple present indicative of fave
redes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rede
unbag: To remove from a bag.
rotos: third-person singular simple present indicative of roto
rolfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rolf
unjam: To remove a blockage from; to release from being jammed.
crame: Archaic spelling of cram.
besat: simple past of besit
hathe: Alternative spelling of hath (third-person singular simple present indicative form of have)
botox: Alternative letter-case form of Botox
eBays: third-person singular simple present indicative of eBay
flobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of flob
odden: To make or become odd (all senses)
shent: simple past and past participle of shend
skeer: Pronunciation spelling of scare.
glore: to glare
glore: to glower
ungod: To divest of a god; to atheize.
ungod: To divest of godly powers; to strip of divinity.
ahhed: simple past and past participle of ahh
akens: third-person singular simple present indicative of aken
fleys: third-person singular simple present indicative of fley
sluff: Alternative spelling of slough (to shed or to slide off).
sluff: ignore, shrug (off)
sluff: Alternative spelling of slough (discard).
sluff: to avoid working
sluff: To play truant from (school).
motos: present of moto
exing: present participle and gerund of ex
ummed: simple past and past participle of um
beken: To make known; reveal.
beken: To deliver.
beken: To commit or commend to the care of.
beken: To commit.
beken: To admit as possessor.
beken: To acquaint; instruct.
undam: To remove a dam from (a river).
undam: To free from a physical or figurative obstruction.
rev'g: Abbreviation of reversing.
aff'd: Abbreviation of affirmed.
rev'd: Abbreviation of reversed.
aff'g: Abbreviation of affirming.
stram: To dash down; to beat.
stram: To spring or recoil with violence.
chows: third-person singular simple present indicative of chow
duked: simple past and past participle of duke
pronk: To jump with all four limbs at once.
capot: To win all the tricks (from), when playing at piquet.
grice: to act as a trainspotter; to partake in the activity or hobby of trainspotting.
refix: To fix again.
inits: third-person singular simple present indicative of init
hoved: Misconstruction of hove
vints: third-person singular simple present indicative of vint
resay: To say again, to repeat, to iterate.
roops: third-person singular simple present indicative of roop
unpot: To remove from a pot.
nacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nack
decon: Abbreviation of decontaminate.
boost: To lift or push from behind (one who is endeavoring to climb); to push up.
boost: To help or encourage (something) to increase or improve; to assist in overcoming obstacles.
boost: To steal.
boost: To jump-start a vehicle by using cables to connect the battery in a running vehicle to the battery in a vehicle that won't start.
boost: To give a booster shot to.
boost: To amplify; to signal boost.
oopsy: To make a mistake, particularly when babies soil their pants.
drats: third-person singular simple present indicative of drat
ruden: To make rude; make raw, simplified, or more robust; toughen.
blets: third-person singular simple present indicative of blet
rehid: simple past of rehide
unmix: To separate the components of (a mixture).
parge: To apply a parge on to a surface.
derez: Alternative spelling of derezz
strim: To use a strimmer/string trimmer
glops: third-person singular simple present indicative of glop
snite: to blow (one's nose)
snite: to snuff (a candle)
deink: To remove ink from, especially in the process of recycling paper.
hived: simple past and past participle of hive
poted: simple past and past participle of pote
heerd: Alternative form of heard
trued: simple past and past participle of true
trues: third-person singular simple present indicative of true
whups: third-person singular simple present indicative of whup
doody: To defecate, poop.
jarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jark
moils: third-person singular simple present indicative of moil
Zooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zoom
rosed: simple past and past participle of rose
flong: simple past of fling
deads: third-person singular simple present indicative of dead
RSVPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of RSVP
unban: To lift a ban against.
rejet: To change the fuel to air ratio of a carburetor; to replace or adjust a carburetor jet.
yrivd: past participle of rive
nudzh: To pester.
nudzh: To whine; to complain.
frots: third-person singular simple present indicative of frot
justs: third-person singular simple present indicative of just
seise: To vest ownership of an estate in land (to someone).
seise: To put in possession.
seise: To seize.
reorg: To reorganize.
misgo: To go wrong, make a mistake, go astray, become lost, miscarry.
hoten: past participle of hote.
smake: Misspelling of smack.
winge: Alternative form of whinge
stoor: To move; stir.
stoor: To move actively; keep stirring.
stoor: To rise up in clouds, as smoke, dust, etc.
stoor: To stir up, as liquor.
stoor: To pour; pour leisurely out of any vessel held high.
stoor: To sprinkle.
yrapt: Rapt.
yrapt: Wrapped.
mirvs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirv
snerk: To snicker or snort with laughter to express amusement.
wan't: Misspelling of want.
wan't: Misspelling of won't.
mases: third-person singular simple present indicative of mase
F off: fuck off.
kodak: To photograph.
kodak: To describe or characterise briefly and vividly.
eeled: simple past and past participle of eel
lanch: To pierce, as with a lance; to lance.
lanch: To throw, as a lance; to let fly; to launch.
devel: Alternative spelling of devvel
trape: To drag.
trape: To run about idly or like a slattern.
feare: Obsolete spelling of fear
helpe: Obsolete spelling of help
boose: Alternative spelling of booze
ANDed: simple past and past participle of AND
yeuks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeuk
skurf: to ride on a small surfboard towed behind a speedboat, after the manner of water skiing
skurf: to ride a skateboard using a surfing-like style
losed: simple past and past participle of lose
losed: simple past and past participle of loose
mutex: To apply a mutex to.
malax: To malaxate.
JPEGs: third-person singular simple present indicative of JPEG
indue: Alternative form of endue
jobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jobe
jobed: simple past and past participle of jobe
fayed: simple past and past participle of fay
rehat: To redeploy troops with different hats, uniforms, etc.
vided: simple past and past participle of vide¹
spawl: To scatter spittle from the mouth; to spit.
spawl: To say in a rough manner.
lovez: Informal spelling of loves.
toked: simple past and past participle of toke
arage: To enrage.
blick: To shine, gleam.
blick: To make, or cause to make, a soft, crisp sound.
blick: Of gold or silver: To exhibit blick.
blick: To shoot up.
pight: simple past and past participle of pitch
rynge: Obsolete spelling of range
rynge: Obsolete spelling of reign
skelp: To beat or slap.
skelp: To move briskly along.
skelp: To form (a plate or bar of metal, etc.) into a skelp.
skelp: To bend round (a skelp) in tube-making.
Oprah: To feature on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
moone: Obsolete spelling of moan
æqual: Obsolete spelling of equal
drytt: Obsolete spelling of drite
drait: Obsolete spelling of drate; simple past of drite
dryte: Alternative spelling of drite
drate: simple past of drite
drite: To defecate.
frush: To break up, smash.
frush: To charge, rush violently.
frush: To straighten up (the feathers on an arrow).
cronk: To honk like a goose.
darks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dark
acrue: Misspelling of accrue.
fscks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fsck
dring: To press; squeeze; crowd; push.
trosh: thresh
hoked: simple past and past participle of hoke
snork: To eat quickly or voraciously
crost: simple past and past participle of cross
finde: Archaic spelling of find.
fleme: To drive away, chase off; to banish.
quæry: Archaic spelling of query.
cheve: To come to an issue; to turn out; to succeed.
fotch: Pronunciation spelling of fetch.
fotch: simple past and past participle of fetch; fetched
hould: Obsolete spelling of hold
hearn: past participle of hear
ushed: simple past and past participle of ush
ushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ush
reccy: To investigate with a reconnaissance trip.
teers: third-person singular simple present indicative of teer
warme: Obsolete form of warm.
wawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of wawl
kegel: To clench one's perineum and pelvic muscles.
frain: To ask, inquire.
witte: spelling of wit
toats: third-person singular simple present indicative of toat
ph33r: fear
codge: To patch or cobble together; to make hastily and carelessly.
repro: To reproduce (a bug or problem).
fards: third-person singular simple present indicative of fard
beray: To make foul; befoul; soil.
LARPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of LARP; live-action role-plays
X out: To cross out with a series of the letter X, or with scribbles or lines.
X out: To close a window (typically by clicking a button marked with an X symbol).
detin: To remove the tin from (metal scrap), usually for resale.
hades: third-person singular simple present indicative of hade
mocap: to motion-capture
wheek: To make a squeaking sound.
rivel: To shrivel, wrinkle (up).
rivel: To cause to be wrinkled, to shrivel.
scrat: To scratch; to use one's nails or claws.
scrat: To rake; to search.
adlib: Alternative spelling of ad lib
aksed: simple past and past participle of aks
luxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lux
SPADs: third-person singular simple present indicative of SPAD
chark: To reduce by strong heat, as to produce charcoal or coke; to calcine.
chark: To make a grating sound.
Hanns: third-person singular simple present indicative of Hann
prink: to give a wink; to wink.
prink: To look, gaze.
prink: To dress finely, primp, preen, spruce up.
prink: To strut, put on pompous airs, be pretentious.
prink: To pre-drink.
prest: simple past and past participle of press
prest: To give as a loan; to lend.
sturt: To vex; to annoy; to startle.
sturt: To start with fear.
resod: To sod again; to cover (a lawn) with fresh sod.
coole: Obsolete spelling of cool
askes: third-person singular simple present indicative of aske
yeeld: Obsolete spelling of yield
chirr: To make the prolonged trilling sound of an insect (e.g. a grasshopper, a cicada).
tawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tawk
faile: Obsolete spelling of fail
squit: To disconnect (an IRC server) from a network.
devan: To unload (goods) from a container.
luted: simple past and past participle of lute
ædify: Obsolete spelling of edify
frist: To grant respite; especially, to give a debtor credit or time for payment.
frist: To defer; postpone.
rebag: To place in another bag.
unlaw: To deprive of the authority or character of law.
unlaw: To put beyond the protection of the law; to outlaw.
unlaw: To fine.
mands: third-person singular simple present indicative of mand
fisks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fisk
86ing: present participle and gerund of 86
suage: To assuage.
goin': Pronunciation spelling of going.
knive: Rare form of knife.
retee: To place the ball back on the tee in preparation for another stroke.
desat: (of the oxygen saturation level in one's haemoglobin) To decrease.
desat: To undergo a decrease in the oxygen saturation level in the haemoglobin).
litho: To lithograph.
naped: simple past and past participle of nape
dinge: to strike, scourge, beat; indent, bruise, knock in
dinge: to flog, as in penance
wagge: Obsolete spelling of wag
waile: Obsolete spelling of wail
wante: Obsolete spelling of want
sculk: Alternative spelling of skulk
regle: To rule; to govern.
unarm: To disarm, to remove the armour and weapons from.
unarm: To remove one's armour.
tythe: Obsolete spelling of tithe
wedel: Alternative form of wedeln
unrig: To remove the rigging from (a vessel, etc.).
unrig: To disable.
unrig: To undress (someone).
rerig: To rig again; to outfit (a ship) with new rigging.
`lt`3: Abbreviation of love.
begem: To adorn (as if) with gems.
vibed: simple past and past participle of vibe
aread: To soothsay, prophesy.
aread: To interpret; to explain.
aread: To advise, counsel.
teare: Obsolete spelling of tear
hault: Obsolete spelling of halt
embar: To enclose (as though behind bars); to imprison.
embar: To prohibit, debar (someone from doing something).
glyde: Obsolete spelling of glide
gally: To frighten; to worry.
churr: Alternative spelling of chirr (“to make an insect sound”)
churr: To make the low vocal sound of some birds.
troat: To make the cry of a deer.
kists: third-person singular simple present indicative of kist
winkt: simple past and past participle of wink
coapt: To fit together; often, to fit together and fasten, sometimes with mutual adaptation.
glome: To look gloomy, morose, or sullen.
espie: Obsolete form of espy.
uptie: To tie up, fasten up.
chace: To chase; to pursue.
kerve: Obsolete form of carve.
dolve: simple past of delve
wonne: Alternative form of wone
bleve: Alternative form of belive
dreve: To trouble; afflict; make anxious.
reest: Alternative form of rest (“to cure, smoke, or dry (meat or fish); (of a horse) to stop or refuse to go, balk”)
zouks: third-person singular simple present indicative of zouk
draps: third-person singular simple present indicative of drap
flipt: simple past and past participle of flip
perst: simple past and past participle of perse
snapt: simple past and past participle of snap
wisse: To show, teach, inform, guide, direct.
beman: To furnish or fill with men; man.
buist: To mark with a buist.
shope: simple past of shape
trode: Obsolete spelling of trod
raxed: simple past and past participle of rax
stogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stog
sowen: past participle of sow
talke: Obsolete spelling of talk
liv'd: simple past and past participle of live
mov'd: simple past and past participle of moved
'eard: Pronunciation spelling of heard.
meete: Obsolete spelling of meet
bourd: To jest.
dyin': Pronunciation spelling of dying.
fynde: Obsolete spelling of find
avize: Obsolete form of advise.
spect: expect
soyle: Obsolete form of soil.
evene: To occur; to happen; to come to pass.
meynt: past participle of ming
tryed: Obsolete spelling of tried; simple past and past participle of try
spyed: Obsolete spelling of spied; simple past and past participle of spy
lexed: simple past and past participle of lex
lexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lex
warnt: Alternative form of warn't
raxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rax
tetch: Pronunciation spelling of touch.
ow'st: Alternative form of owest
911ed: simple past and past participle of 911
refel: To refute, disprove (an argument); to confute (someone).
smoor: To suffocate or smother.
tooke: Obsolete spelling of took
smogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smog
imped: simple past and past participle of imp
re-up: To reenlist.
re-up: To sign up again.
re-up: To renew (e.g. a library book, a lease, a contract).
re-up: to reupload
re-up: To renegotiate a contract.
re-up: To refill one's drug stash.
flite: to dispute, quarrel, wrangle, brawl.
flite: to scold, jeer.
flite: to make or utter complaint.
PMSes: third-person singular simple present indicative of PMS
PMSed: simple past and past participle of PMS
sinkt: simple past and past participle of sink
quass: to drink deeply; to quaff.
crope: simple past of creep
sweal: To burn slowly.
sweal: To melt and run down, as the tallow of a candle; waste away without feeding the flame.
sweal: To singe; scorch; dress (as a hog) with burning or singeing.
sweal: To consume with fire; burn.
sweal: To make disappear; cause to waste away; diminish; reduce.
doïng: Alternative spelling of doing
kvell: To feel delighted and proud; to boast; to gloat.
rised: simple past and past participle of rise
maked: simple past and past participle of make
buyed: simple past and past participle of buy
rided: simple past and past participle of ride
hided: simple past of hide
eated: simple past and past participle of eat
bited: simple past and past participle of bite
fleed: simple past and past participle of flee
decan: To remove (something, especially nuclear reactor fuel) from a can or similar protective enclosure, cladding, etc.
ungag: To release from a gag.
ungag: To release from a gag order.
tsked: simple past and past participle of tsk
phots: third-person singular simple present indicative of phot
glout: To sulk; to be sulky; to pout.
glout: To stare; to stare gloatingly.
larum: Obsolete form of alarum.
sowth: to hum or whistle a low tone
hollo: To cry "hollo"
thock: To make, or cause to make, a thock sound.
cully: To trick, to impose on, to dupe.
blorp: To move or be deposited with a blorp.
undry: To cause (something) to be not dry.
thesp: To act (perform in a play etc.).
yucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yuck
twats: third-person singular simple present indicative of twat
excur: To digress.
excur: To pass beyond limits; to go to or towards an extreme.
excur: To take an excursion.
rebit: simple past of rebite
teaed: simple past and past participle of tea
caths: third-person singular simple present indicative of cath
metoo: To agree by, or as by, saying me too.
yoiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yoik
quats: third-person singular simple present indicative of quat
snoze: alternative past of sneeze.
heald: Alternative form of hield
wrake: Obsolete form of wrack.
groze: To trim a piece of glass to shape by using a grozing iron
coown: Alternative form of co-own
poynt: Obsolete form of point.
BBQed: simple past and past participle of BBQ
zoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of zoot
bivvy: To erect, or to stay in, such a tent or shelter.
vulns: third-person singular simple present indicative of vuln
dooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dook
ensky: To place in the sky.
ensky: To exalt.
tarre: To incite; to provoke; to spur on.
immix: To mix or blend
reget: To get again.
shink: To pour or serve wine or beer; to skink.
yandy: To separate (grain or pieces of mineral) by shaking in a special shallow dish
kaiak: Obsolete spelling of kayak
arent: Misspelling of aren't.
inkle: To hint at; disclose.
inkle: To have a hint or inkling of; divine.
vades: third-person singular simple present indicative of vade
whang: To make a noise like something moving quickly through the air.
whang: To throw with a rapid slamming motion.
whang: To whack or beat.
whang: To slice, especially into large pieces; to chop.
camos: third-person singular simple present indicative of camo
roups: third-person singular simple present indicative of roup
emove: To stir or arouse emotion in (someone); to cause to feel emotion.
veges: third-person singular simple present indicative of veg
yiven: past participle of yive
demat: To restore (hair, fur, etc.) from a matted state.
spues: third-person singular simple present indicative of spue
unget: To cause to be unbegotten or unborn, or as if unbegotten or unborn.
unget: To unacquire; relinquish; release; get rid of; lose; lose hold of; forget
addes: third-person singular simple present indicative of adde
clive: To climb; ascend.
clive: To split; separate; cleave; chop.
recan: To can (place in a can) again or anew.
arear: To raise; to set up; to stir up.
clumb: simple past of climb.
clumb: alternative past participle of climb.
sades: third-person singular simple present indicative of sade
bolix: Alternative spelling of bollix
troak: To barter or trade, especially outside a government monopoly.
mazed: simple past and past participle of maze
kikis: third-person singular simple present indicative of kiki
flurt: Archaic form of flirt.
immew: Alternative form of emmew
emmew: To mew or coop up.
inmew: Alternative form of emmew
insee: To see into; to observe acutely.
insee: To have or gain insight into; to empathise with or come to fully understand one's point of view.
insee: To inspect.
larfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of larf
retag: To tag again or anew.
afare: To depart.
pavés: third-person singular simple present indicative of pavé
yodle: Archaic form of yodel.
'urry: Pronunciation spelling of hurry.
vurps: third-person singular simple present indicative of vurp
ski'd: simple past and past participle of ski
bield: To make bold, give courage or confidence to.
bield: To defend, protect or shelter.
tolug: To pull about.
tohew: To cut or hack heavily; cut to pieces, chop up.
torob: To steal completely; take away entirely.
wrick: To twist; turn
wrick: To wrench; strain
slive: To cut; split; separate.
slive: To cut or slice something off; separate by slicing.
slive: To sneak; skulk; proceed in a sly way; creep.
slove: simple past of slive
warsh: Appalachia, Midland, Ozarks, and Northern Ireland form of wash
frobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of frob
growe: Archaic spelling of grow.
speer: to ask, to inquire
pened: past of pene
blowe: Obsolete spelling of blow
blowe: past participle of blow (to flower, blossom)
blote: To cure (herrings, etc.) by salting and smoking them; to bloat.
degut: To remove the guts from.
rebin: To divide (data) into a different set of bins, or interval groupings.
zergs: third-person singular simple present indicative of zerg
fidge: To fidget; jostle or shake.
skens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sken
barrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of barr
repen: To rewrite.
burks: third-person singular simple present indicative of burk
rikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rike
waugh: Alternative form of waff (“to bark”)
lernt: simple past and past participle of lern
playe: Obsolete spelling of play
dured: simple past and past participle of dure
besee: To look at; see; mind; regard; favour.
besee: To look to; see to; attend to; care for; take care of; provide for; treat; arrange.
besee: To look about oneself; look to oneself.
x-ray: Alternative letter-case form of X-ray
quobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of quob
befal: Obsolete form of befall.
walke: Obsolete spelling of walk
bedip: to dip, submerge
behat: To place a hat upon (someone's head).
burne: Obsolete spelling of burn
drawe: Obsolete spelling of draw
dasht: simple past and past participle of dash
makee: Pronunciation spelling of makes.
makee: Pronunciation spelling of make.
rewax: To wax again.
augle: Alternative form of ogle
foins: third-person singular simple present indicative of foin
jedge: Pronunciation spelling of judge.
luged: simple past and past participle of luge
trods: third-person singular simple present indicative of trod
9-1-1: Alternative spelling of 911
rufie: Alternative spelling of roofie
bepat: To beat upon (as on a drum); patter upon.
shood: The husk of oats after it has been threshed.
shood: A feed mixture for horses consisting of chopped hay and beans.
shood: Pronunciation spelling of should.
shood: Pronunciation spelling of shoot.
wanze: Alternative form of wanse
wanse: To wane; waste, waste away; pine; wither.
thort: Eye dialect spelling of thought.
spred: Obsolete form of spread.
OD'ed: simple past and past participle of OD
gusht: Obsolete spelling of gushed
vould: Pronunciation spelling of would.
swunk: past participle of swink
behap: To happen.
behew: To carve; adorn; embellish.
bemad: To make mad.
syres: third-person singular simple present indicative of syre
rosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rost
arets: third-person singular simple present indicative of aret
hakas: third-person singular simple present indicative of haka
stams: third-person singular simple present indicative of stam
DJing: present participle and gerund of DJ
unrip: To open by ripping or tearing.
FTPed: simple past and past participle of FTP
chate: To cheat.
frack: To employ hydraulic fracturing (fracking).
frack: Fuck.
3rded: simple past and past participle of 3rd
adure: To burn up.
resum: To perform resummation upon.
bewig: To furnish or cover with a wig; put a wig on.
skums: third-person singular simple present indicative of skum
meeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of meek
inled: simple past and past participle of inlead
repad: To pad again; to furnish with new padding.
hyght: To be called.
renue: Obsolete form of renew.
tutoy: To address by the informal French pronoun tu (“you”).
beath: To bathe (with warm liquid); foment.
beath: To dry or heat (unseasoned) wood for the purpose of straightening it.
FOILs: third-person singular simple present indicative of FOIL
rense: Obsolete form of rinse.
herry: To honour, praise or celebrate.
herry: Alternative form of harry
turnt: simple past and past participle of turn
dearn: Alternative form of dern
rouze: Obsolete spelling of rouse
flain: past participle of flay
sarse: Alternative form of searce
sarse: Pronunciation spelling of sauce.
sexts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sext
swike: To deceive, cheat; betray.
swike: To stop, cease.
atren: To run away; escape.
atren: To outrun.
flams: third-person singular simple present indicative of flam
hikoi: To participate in a hikoi.
unhug: To cease hugging (someone).
refax: To fax again; to send again by fax machine.
refly: to fly again
nance: To move in a prissy or stereotypically effeminate manner.
minch: Alternative form of mince
beant: , variant of bean't.
beant: variant of bean't.
layed: simple past and past participle of lay
reäct: Rare spelling of react.
sudos: third-person singular simple present indicative of sudo
choof: To smoke marijuana.
writh: Pronunciation spelling of writhe.
muxed: simple past and past participle of mux
proin: Obsolete form of prune.
besit: To sit around; sit about; besiege.
besit: To sit upon.
besit: To sit properly upon, as clothes; to suit; become.
linkt: simple past and past participle of link
eckle: To aim; intend; design.
stell: To place in position; set up, fix, plant; prop, mount.
stell: To portray; delineate; display.
feaze: Alternative form of feeze
feaze: Alternative form of faze
glope: To gaze in alarm; be terrified; stare.
amind: To bear in mind; consider.
vells: third-person singular simple present indicative of vell
uprun: To run up; ascend.
auths: third-person singular simple present indicative of auth
resaw: To saw again or anew, as with, especially, recutting (remilling) lumber by remaking boards into thinner boards.
resaw: simple past of resee
betag: To furnish with a tag; deck with tags.
poops: third-person singular simple present indicative of poop
rewle: Obsolete spelling of rule
weepe: Obsolete spelling of weep
thwap: To make, or cause to make, a heavy smacking sound.
wishe: Obsolete spelling of wish
chelp: To gossip, particularly in a forthright manner.
chelp: To speak rudely or out of turn.
gzips: third-person singular simple present indicative of gzip
retin: To coat with tin again.
sackt: Obsolete spelling of sacked; simple past and past participle of sack
boops: third-person singular simple present indicative of boop
kline: Alternative form of k-line
doxed: simple past and past participle of dox
quoke: simple past and past participle of quake
doxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dox
quook: simple past and past participle of quake
quære: Obsolete form of quaere.
unrar: To decompress (a compressed archive in the RAR format).
hmmed: simple past and past participle of hmm
ylaid: past participle of lay.
yraft: past participle of reave; bereft.
ymolt: past participle of melt
ytold: past participle of tell
yrent: past participle of rend
ycond: past participle of con; learned, learnt.
ybore: past participle of bear: bore, born.
ytost: past participle of toss
ymade: past participle of make
reops: third-person singular simple present indicative of reop
ymixt: past participle of mix
raxle: To stretch oneself; rouse up from sleep.
ywent: past participle of go
cookt: simple past and past participle of cook
shapt: simple past and past participle of shape
lov'd: simple past and past participle of love
blunk: To blench, blink; turn aside.
blunk: To spoil, mismanage.
blunk: simple past of blink
quave: To quiver or tremble.
quayd: past participle of quail
yoted: simple past and past participle of yote
yoted: Misspelling of yote.
smail: To send by postal mail.
belap: To lap or wrap around (someone or something); to envelop, to surround.
tyred: simple past and past participle of tyre
strig: To strip the pedical from a plant.
dacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dack
unwad: To unfold (something wadded).
befly: To fly about; fly from; shun; escape.
befie: To say "fie" to; defy.
begay: To make cheerful or merry.
feele: Obsolete spelling of feel
unhit: To undo the act of hitting something.
jooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jook
dreap: Alternative form of dreep
bowge: To bulge or swell out.
bowge: To cause to leak.
fress: to eat without restraint; eat heartily
thawt: Eye dialect spelling of thought.
gluck: To flow or cause to flow in a noisy series of spurts, as when liquid is emptied through the narrow neck of a bottle.
arize: Obsolete form of arise.
ygone: past participle of go
aroze: simple past of arize
hotch: To move irregularly up and down.
hotch: To swarm (with).
squeg: To undergo squegging.
rewin: To win again or anew, to win back.
rewon: simple past and past participle of rewin
ghast: Alternative form of gast
redip: To dip again.
thass: that’s
blawg: To write about legal topics on a blog.
phuck: Nonstandard spelling of fuck.
unpen: To release from a pen.
untag: To remove a tag from.
thwop: Alternative form of thock
unsew: To undo something sewn or enclosed by sewing; to rip apart; to take out the stitches of.
hoosh: To move with a rushing sound; to whoosh.
woold: To wind a chain or rope around in order to strengthen (especially a mast or yard).
rezip: To zip again.
swelp: Pronunciation spelling of so help.
powre: Obsolete form of pour.
graff: Alternative form of graft
fleak: Synonym of flake (“to remove (something) in fleaks or flakes (small chips or pieces)”)
fleak: Synonym of fleck
IDing: present participle and gerund of ID
v-fib: To undergo ventricular fibrillation.
vinew: To become musty or mouldy.
fraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of frap
pluff: To dust or to puff with smoke.
pluff: To throw out, as smoke, dust, etc., in puffs.
rebud: To bud again (send forth a second group of buds)
chare: To work by the day, without being a regularly hired servant; to do small jobs; to char.
neeze: To sneeze.
neese: Alternative form of neeze
betie: To tie round; bind fast.
unwet: To dry, particularly of something that has recently been made wet.
encur: Archaic form of incur.
querl: To twirl; turn or wind around; coil.
querk: To throttle; choke; stifle; suffocate.
querk: To grunt, croak, squeal; to moan, complain; to sigh, huff; to emit a breath forcibly, as after great exertion.
querk: To die.
unbed: To raise or rouse from bed.
unhat: To take off the hat of; to remove one's hat, especially as a mark of respect.
queal: To faint away.
queal: Obsolete form of quail.
rob'd: simple past and past participle of rob
aim'd: simple past and past participle of aim
arm'd: simple past and past participle of arm
sow'n: past participle of sow
joyne: Obsolete form of join.
nam'd: simple past and past participle of name
woked: past participle of wok
lovèd: simple past and past participle of love
imbox: To enclose in a box.
icens: third-person singular simple present indicative of icen
heeld: Alternative form of hield
berob: To rob; to plunder.
noint: Obsolete form of anoint.
pusht: simple past and past participle of push
yelpt: simple past and past participle of yelp
dript: simple past and past participle of drip
sewen: past participle of sew
slapt: simple past and past participle of slap
lasht: simple past and past participle of lash
gaspt: simple past and past participle of gasp
walkt: simple past and past participle of walk
flapt: simple past and past participle of flap
raz'd: simple past and past participle of raze
croud: Obsolete form of crowd.
unnun: To remove from the condition of being a nun.
unmew: To release from confinement or restraint.
lurry: To lug or pull about.
lurry: To daub; dirty.
lurry: To hurry carelessly.
jants: third-person singular simple present indicative of jant
husht: simple past and past participle of hush
kickt: simple past and past participle of kick
unlap: To unfold.
unlap: To overtake the leader in a race in order to no longer be lapped (one or more complete laps behind the leader).
jouks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jouk
unboy: To divest of the traits of a boy.
jouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of joul
pickt: simple past and past participle of pick
wrigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrig
suckt: simple past and past participle of suck
mockt: simple past and past participle of mock
lickt: simple past and past participle of lick
baskt: simple past and past participle of bask
lockt: simple past and past participle of lock
snive: Alternative spelling of sny (abound, swarm, teem, be infested).
unwit: To deprive of wit.
ghess: Obsolete form of guess.
chirk: To become happier.
chirk: To make happier.
chirk: To make the sound of a bird; to chirp.
sithe: Obsolete form of scythe.
sithe: To journey, travel, wayfare.
sithe: To sigh.
insue: Archaic form of ensue.
indew: Obsolete form of endue.
skipt: simple past and past participle of skip
snied: simple past and past participle of sny
snied: simple past and past participle of snie
broid: Obsolete form of braid.
nould: Would not.
loave: Alternative form of lofe
flisk: To frisk; to skip; to caper.
fuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuff
kiver: To cover.
viced: simple past and past participle of vice
wairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wair
weive: Obsolete form of waive.
gived: simple past and past participle of give
snape: To bevel the end of a timber to fit against an inclined surface.
snape: To check or curtail (the growth of something); also, to check or curtail the growth of (a plant, etc.).
snape: Synonym of sneap (“to check or abruptly reprove (someone); to chide, to rebuke, to reprimand”)
snape: To chide, to rebuke, to reprimand.
elong: To lengthen out; to prolong.
elong: To put away; to separate; to keep off.
unoil: To remove the oil from.
swype: Obsolete form of sweep.
weyve: Obsolete form of weave.
weyve: Obsolete form of waive.
wrawl: To cry like a cat; to waul.
knabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of knab
gliff: To glimpse.
kawed: simple past and past participle of kaw
radde: past participle of read
drein: Obsolete form of drain.
dizen: To dress with flax for spinning.
dizen: To dress with clothes; attire; deck; bedizen.
dizen: To dress showily; adorn; dress out.
ennew: To make new.
twilt: To cross-stitch in quincunx fashion so as to connect two thicknesses together.
embox: To enclose in a box, or as if in a box.
orned: simple past and past participle of orn
sythe: Obsolete form of scythe.
indow: Obsolete spelling of endow
frape: To hijack, and meddle with, someone's Facebook account while it is unattended.
betow: To tow about; pull; draw; lead about; conduct.
betow: To educate; influence; steer; direct.
betow: To bestow; apply.
glump: To be glum; to sulk.
sprad: Obsolete form of spread.
sprad: past participle of spread
miaul: To give the cry of a cat.
clowd: Obsolete form of cloud.
clong: past participle of cling
brent: Obsolete spelling of burnt
assot: To besot; to befool; to infatuate.
denay: To deny, refuse.
werns: third-person singular simple present indicative of wern
coath: To faint.
coath: To give (sheep, cattle) the coe or rot.
Roneo: To copy using a Roneo stencil machine.
bewag: To wag about; waggle.
bewag: To wag excessively or completely.
feard: simple past and past participle of fear
drail: To trawl.
wou'd: Obsolete form of would.
cou'd: Obsolete form of could.
lik't: simple past and past participle of like
soakt: simple past and past participle of soak
poast: Obsolete form of post.
poast: To post on an internet site, especially with ironic and/or mischievous intent.
hoast: To cough.
hoast: Obsolete form of host.
imbay: Archaic form of embay.
rewet: To wet again.
aneal: Alternative form of anneal
aneal: Alternative form of anele
rafte: simple past and past participle of reave
gnast: To gnash.
frabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of frab
gleen: To glisten; to gleam.
claym: Obsolete form of claim.
fusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fust
detag: To strip of a tag or tags; to remove the tags from.
blirt: To burst into tears.
gurge: To swallow up.
scote: Alternative form of scoat
whoot: To hoot.
gryde: Obsolete form of gride.
adree: To carry on; practice; pass (life, time, etc.).
adree: To bear; endure; suffer; thole.
serry: To crowd; to press together.
adraw: To draw out; to draw (a sword).
adraw: To withdraw oneself.
embow: To bend like a bow; to curve.
keeho: to laugh loudly
rebat: To perform a rebatment; to rotate one orthographic view into the plane of another orthographic view along the line of intersection between the two planes.
frine: To grumble, whine, or whimper; fret; show discontent; murmur; complain.
impen: To shut up or enclose, as in a pen.
dreul: Obsolete form of drool.
tekan: To bully or treat harshly.
enlay: Archaic form of inlay.
unbay: To free from the restraint of anything that surrounds or encloses.
reask: To ask again.
bedye: To dye or stain.
imbar: To bar in; to secure.
unbow: To unbend (something).
unpay: To undo, take back, or annul, as a payment.
grame: To vex; grill; make angry or sorry.
grame: To grieve; to be sorry; to fret; to be vexed or displeased.
beeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of be.
sheal: To shell (remove husks, shells etc)
sheal: To shelter under a shieling
snift: To sniff; to snort or snuff.
snift: To snivel.
snift: To cause a snift; to release pressure and vapor, such as from a steam engine or bottling equipment.
hoove: Alternative form of hoof.
anoil: To anoint with oil.
siver: To simmer.
apaid: simple past and past participle of apay
beely: Obsolete form of belie.
meawl: Obsolete form of mewl.
fayle: Obsolete spelling of fail
volow: To baptize.
glour: Alternative spelling of glower.
unsin: To undo or annul a past sin.
unsin: To deprive (a sin, etc.) of sinfulness; to make sinless.
OCRed: simple past and past participle of OCR
nosel: Obsolete form of nuzzle.
twank: To emit a sharp twanging sound.
twank: To cause to make a sharp twanging sound.
hyzer: To curve the way opposite that of the throwing arm, i.e. left for a right-hand player or right for a left-hand player.
hyzer: To throw a disc with a curve opposite that of the throwing arm, i.e. left for a right-hand player or right for a left-hand player.
bemow: To mock or mock at, especially with grimaces.
imbow: Obsolete form of embow.
mured: simple past and past participle of mure
troul: Archaic form of troll (“to entice fish with bait”).
compt: To compute; to count.
nudle: To walk quickly with the head bent forward.
farry: To farrow; to give birth to a litter of piglets.
clome: Alternative form of cloam
cloam: To make cloam.
cloam: To gutter (as a candle).
trowl: Archaic form of troll. (entice fish with bait)
tewed: simple past and past participle of tew
bewit: To bequeath.
bewit: To endue or impart wit (to); instruct.
bebar: To put a bar around; bar about; debar.
bebay: To bay around or about; embay; hem in; surround.
misle: To rain in fine drops; to mizzle.
misle: To mislead.
wouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of woul
proke: To poke; to thrust.
odize: To charge with od (the hypothetical force).
freck: To checker; to diversify.
ineye: To innoculate or bud; ingraft or propagate (as a tree or plant) by the insertion of a bud.
ohing: present participle and gerund of oh
enmew: Alternative form of emmew
guist: Obsolete form of joust.
belks: third-person singular simple present indicative of belk
lifes: third-person singular simple present indicative of life
plaud: To applaud.
tined: simple past and past participle of tine
defix: To fix or fasten; to establish.
igged: simple past and past participle of ig
igged: simple past and past participle of igg
lifen: To liven, to enliven.
fract: To break; to violate.
snets: third-person singular simple present indicative of snet
enode: To clear of knots; to make clear.
stroy: To destroy.
frize: Archaic form of frieze.
meaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of meaw
hawms: third-person singular simple present indicative of hawm
betid: simple past and past participle of betide
scern: To discern; to perceive.
perne: To spin or gyrate (as the pern of a spinning-wheel).
droil: To work sluggishly or slowly; to plod.
hydes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hyde
feoff: To enfeoff.
steve: To pack or stow, as cargo in a ship's hold.
gayne: To gain; to avail.
unbit: To remove the turns of (a rope or cable) from the bits.
unbit: to remove the bit from (a horse's mouth)
unbit: simple past of unbite
edder: To bind the top of, interweaving edder.
skirr: To leave hastily; to flee, especially with a whirring sound
skirr: To make a whirring sound.
skirr: To search about in, scour
skirr: to pass over quickly, skim
wecht: To winnow grain using such a device.
razee: To cut (a ship) down to a smaller number of decks, and thus to an inferior rate or class.
razee: To trim or abridge by cutting off parts.
scise: To cut; to penetrate.
scoat: To prop; to scotch.
devow: To give up; to devote.
devow: To disavow; to disclaim.
avoke: To call from or back again.
runch: To grind, as with the teeth; to crunch.
thurl: Alternative form of thirl
choak: Obsolete form of choke.
touze: Alternative form of touse
becut: To cut about; cut around; cut up; cut off; sever.
tozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of toze
tozed: simple past and past participle of toze
feeze: To drive off, frighten away, or cause to flee or hesitate; to faze.
feeze: To beat.
feeze: To humble; harass; subdue.
feeze: To swing about or flare (as a candle).
feeze: To defeat, settle or finish.
feeze: To fret; be in a fume; worry.
feeze: To hurry; to move in an agitated manner.
feeze: To screw; twist; tighten or loosen by screwing.
feeze: To untwist; to unravel, as the end of a rope.
feeze: To freeze.
deray: To derange.
deray: To become deranged; to go wild.
doust: To extinguish, to destroy, to kill.
doust: To dust.
doust: To separate dust from ore.
twire: To glance shyly or slyly; look askance; make eyes; leer; peer; pry.
twire: To twinkle; sparkle; wink.
twire: To twist; twirl.
tremp: To hitchhike.
sculp: To sculpture; to carve or engrave.
sculp: To flay.
revie: To vie with, or rival, in return.
revie: To exceed an adversary's wager in a card game.
revie: To make a retort; to bandy words.
blenk: To blink.
blenk: To shine.
blenk: To look.
atsit: To remain sitting; stay; abide.
atsit: To sit against; withstand; disobey.
attal: Alternative form of ettle
atend: To set on fire; kindle.
atend: To take or catch fire.
atene: To irritate; grill; vex; annoy.
slike: To crawl; creep; slide.
slike: To make sleek or smooth.
slike: To rend asunder; cleave.
atrin: To run away; escape (from).
atray: To vex; trouble; frighten; torment; harass.
ganch: To drop from a high place on sharp stakes or hooks as a punishment.
procs: third-person singular simple present indicative of proc
becry: To cry about; cry over; lament; bemourn.
becry: To accuse.
becry: To bewitch.
taled: simple past and past participle of tale
reule: Obsolete form of rule.
taked: simple past of take
glent: Archaic form of glint.
courb: To bend; to bow.
whoof: To make a snuffling noise, like a bear or a steam engine.
glaum: To grasp or snatch (at), usually feebly or ineffectually; to grope (at) with the hands, as in the dark.
glaum: To search (for something).
glaum: To look sullen or sad; scowl, frown.
glaum: To look (at), to stare (at).
worne: Obsolete spelling of worn, past participle of wear
begod: To exalt to the dignity of a god; to deify.
alloo: Pronunciation spelling of allow.
shugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shug
chirm: To chirp or to make a mournful cry, as a bird does.
appay: Obsolete form of apay.
apays: third-person singular simple present indicative of apay
coost: simple past and past participle of cast
resed: simple past and past participle of res
cotch: Pronunciation spelling of catch.
cotch: To hang out or chill out.
cotch: To prop, lean, rest.
bewin: To gain, win, or get possession of.
bewed: To pledge oneself to; betroth; wed; marry.
bewed: To unite closely and intimately; join.
diked: simple past and past participle of dike
deeme: Obsolete spelling of deem
cloom: To close with glutinous matter.
bemar: To mar about or all over; injure seriously.
swape: To sweep.
swape: To place aslant.
paums: third-person singular simple present indicative of paum
MSTed: simple past and past participle of MST
shnor: To beg or wheedle.
smerk: Dated form of smirk.
souce: Obsolete form of souse.
reyse: Obsolete form of raise.
reyse: To go on a military expedition.
reyse: To journey or travel.
taths: third-person singular simple present indicative of tath
deech: To smear, daub, plaster, or impregnate, especially with dirt which becomes hard and ingrained.
medly: Obsolete form of medley.
belam: To beat or bang.
stoak: To stop; to choke.
renay: To renounce (one’s faith or god), to apostasize from.
renay: To take back, to recant (something one says or believes).
renay: To reject, to deny the truth of (a statement).
scobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scob
sprug: To make smart.
strow: Obsolete form of strew.
sowce: Obsolete form of souse.
scove: To cover with clay so as to prevent the escape of heat in burning.
arefy: To dry, or make dry; wither.
innew: Alternative form of ennew
laiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of laik
skeed: simple past and past participle of skee
chank: To eat noisily; to champ or chomp.
swaip: To walk proudly; to sweep along.
grone: Obsolete spelling of groan
dyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dye
dyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of die
jutty: To project outwards.
bemix: To mix around or about; mingle.
besow: To sow; sow all around or about; scatter; disperse; plant.
tweep: To chirp or beep.
tweep: To kill; to assassinate.
estd.: Abbreviation of established.
estd.: Abbreviation of estimated.
reair: To broadcast (a television program etc.) again.
reair: To be broadcast again.
reair: To air or let forth again.
cabob: Obsolete form of kebab.
scath: Archaic form of scathe.
cered: simple past and past participle of cere
onlap: To form an onlap.
looed: simple past and past participle of loo
inned: simple past and past participle of inn
payse: To poise.
luing: present participle and gerund of lu
luing: present participle and gerund of lue
rowts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rowt
reapt: simple past and past participle of reap
newed: simple past and past participle of new
snown: past participle of snow
tho't: Contraction of thought.
pledg: Obsolete form of pledge.
groop: To make a channel or groove; to form grooves.
groop: Obsolete form of group.
yarls: third-person singular simple present indicative of yarl
bedag: To bedaggle.
niced: simple past and past participle of nice
dimit: To dismiss, let go, or release.
nices: third-person singular simple present indicative of nice
necro: To make a new post to a forum discussion that has been dormant for a long time, making the thread visible in the list of active topics; to bump.
necro: To practice necromancy; to bring back from the dead.
besay: To say about (someone or something); get something across verbally or by saying; relay; signify; declare.
prims: third-person singular simple present indicative of prim
rehew: To hew again; to cut or shape into a new form.
vaded: simple past and past participle of vade
assle: To sit, move, or scoot about on one's ass; loaf; wander idly around; waste time.
arace: To tear up by the roots; to draw away.
sinch: Alternative spelling of cinch
tommy: To pay (employees) according to the truck system, with goods instead of money.
shram: To cause to shrink or shrivel with cold; to benumb.
meach: To skulk; to cower.
exect: To cut off or out.
spoom: To sail briskly with the wind astern, with or without sails hoisted.
derne: To hide; to skulk.
anorn: To adorn.
ciels: third-person singular simple present indicative of ciel
poxed: simple past and past participle of pox
parps: third-person singular simple present indicative of parp
spean: to wean
moove: Obsolete spelling of move
vaped: simple past and past participle of vape
gloar: To squint; to stare.
howel: To smooth; to plane.
hoxed: simple past and past participle of hox
meech: Alternative form of mitch.
twote: alternative simple past of tweet.
twote: alternative past participle of tweet.
abore: simple past of abear
Skype: Alternative letter-case form of skype
grogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of grog
sayes: third-person singular simple present indicative of saye
begab: To deceive; mock.
begab: To gab about; talk over; report from one (person) to another.
sowse: Obsolete spelling of souse
aknow: Obsolete form of acknow.
slent: Obsolete form of slant.
buang: To discard or throw something out.
sleys: third-person singular simple present indicative of sley
meous: third-person singular simple present indicative of meou
kydst: knows (second-person singular)
kohls: third-person singular simple present indicative of kohl
JITed: simple past and past participle of JIT
frell: A minced oath for fuck.
foind: Pronunciation spelling of find.
wroke: simple past of wreak
snead: To cut; lop; prune.
befoe: To make or become a foe.
befoe: To treat or behave as a foe; be hostile towards.
smilt: To melt.
scyle: To hide; to secrete; to conceal.
divel: To rend apart.
chuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of chud
sleid: To sley, or prepare for use in the weaver's sley, or slaie.
inawe: To put in awe or fear; awe; overawe.
codle: Obsolete form of coddle.
GIFed: simple past and past participle of GIF
uncup: To spread open one's hands from a cupped position; to reverse the action of cupping.
cruts: third-person singular simple present indicative of crut
teind: To tithe.
klaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of klap
pathe: Misspelling of pave.
gmail: Alternative letter-case form of Gmail
sl st: Abbreviation of slip stitch.
coadd: To undergo, or to subject to, coaddition.
defib: To defibrillate.
gange: To protect (the part of a fishing line next to a fishhook, or the hook itself) by winding it with wire.
gange: To attach (a fishhook) to a line or snell, as by knotting the line around the shank of the hook.
water: To pour water into the soil surrounding (plants).
water: To wet or supply with water; to moisten; to overflow with water; to irrigate.
water: To provide (animals) with water for drinking.
water: To get or take in water.
water: To urinate onto.
water: To dilute.
water: To overvalue (securities), especially through deceptive accounting.
water: To fill with or secrete water.
water: To wet and calender, as cloth, so as to impart to it a lustrous appearance in wavy lines; to diversify with wavelike lines.
currs: third-person singular simple present indicative of curr
cleck: To hatch (a bird); (colloquial) to give birth to (a person).
claik: To honk or cry like a goose.
swack: To smack.
swack: To slap or hit.
swack: To smack.
swack: To make a swack (sound).
swack: To consume with hearty enjoyment.
swack: To labour; to exert an effort.
abutt: Archaic form of abut.
tocut: To cut to pieces; hew asunder; cut greatly.
shirl: To slide.
unmap: To remove the mapping of (a device, etc.).
paich: Alternative form of pech
luxed: simple past and past participle of lux
moyle: Alternative form of moil
aquit: Misspelling of acquit.
snigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snig
fasel: To unravel or become frayed.
fasel: To become confused or ravelled.
unrug: To remove a rug from (a horse).
amits: third-person singular simple present indicative of amit
akill: To ban (a user) from an IRC server so that he/she is automatically disconnected on any future attempt to connect.
roist: To roister.
temse: To sift.
derps: third-person singular simple present indicative of derp
butle: Alternative form of buttle.
amoks: third-person singular simple present indicative of amok
siped: simple past and past participle of sipe
cloit: To fall heavily
befel: simple past of befal
squir: To throw with a jerking motion; to skim.
steem: To value, esteem.
harls: third-person singular simple present indicative of harl
cunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cund
muing: present participle and gerund of mue
lawed: simple past and past participle of law
lawed: simple past and past participle of lawe
shool: To move materials with a shovel.
shool: To move with a shoveling motion, to cover as by shoveling
shool: To shuffle or shamble.
shool: To go about begging.
shail: To walk sideways.
dirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dirt
blesh: To quench; extinguish; put out (a fire, flame, etc.).
zhuzh: Alternative form of zhoosh
demux: To demultiplex.
whies: third-person singular simple present indicative of why
soder: Obsolete form of solder.
pozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of poze
pozed: simple past and past participle of poze
sprag: To check the motion of, as a carriage on a steep slope, by putting a sprag between the spokes of the wheel.
sprag: To prop or sustain with a sprag.
brogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of brog
LOLed: simple past and past participle of LOL
LOL'd: simple past and past participle of LOL
spane: To wean; to spean.
mieve: Obsolete form of move.
belye: Obsolete spelling of belie
redie: To die again.
MiSTs: third-person singular simple present indicative of MiST
peece: Obsolete form of piece.
lemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of leme
herye: To praise, to glorify, to honour.
pewed: simple past and past participle of pew
rebox: To place in a box again; to pack back into a box.
gyved: simple past and past participle of gyve
shrag: To cut or lop; to trim or prune (something, such as a tree).
speld: To split.
caded: simple past and past participle of cade
noyed: simple past and past participle of noy
daded: simple past and past participle of dade
taber: Obsolete spelling of tabor
aview: To survey, observe; (loosely), to view.
repew: To furnish with new pews.
leaze: Alternative form of lease (to glean, or pick up grain)
joles: third-person singular simple present indicative of jole
roins: third-person singular simple present indicative of roin
awook: simple past of awake: awoke.
whept: simple past and past participle of whip: whipped, whipt
doink: To have sex with.
doink: To bounce after a collision.
proll: To prowl or search after; to plunder, to rob.
blike: To shine; gleam.
resee: To see again or anew.
ungut: To gut, to remove the guts of.
vacay: To vacation (to spend or take a vacation).
wramp: To sprain (part of the body).
uplit: simple past and past participle of uplight
retap: To tap again (in various senses).
gleis: third-person singular simple present indicative of glei
gybed: simple past and past participle of gybe
smoak: Obsolete spelling of smoke
retax: To tax again.
behue: To endow with hue or colour; to colour; make colourful.
delam: Abbreviation of delaminate.
kents: third-person singular simple present indicative of kent
ageth: third-person singular simple present indicative of age
kythe: Alternative spelling of kithe
troke: Alternative form of troak
blaff: to bark
gised: simple past and past participle of gise
WWOOF: Alternative form of wwoof
rehem: To supply (a garment, etc.) with a new hem.
theed: simple past and past participle of thee
moned: simple past and past participle of mone
anded: simple past and past participle of and
remew: To remove.
zzzed: simple past and past participle of zzz
snash: To talk impudently.
lited: simple past and past participle of lite
wooes: third-person singular simple present indicative of woo
preem: To premiere.
youed: simple past and past participle of you
yerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of yern
glads: third-person singular simple present indicative of glad
smout: To do occasional work.
heils: third-person singular simple present indicative of heil
coted: simple past and past participle of cote
palen: To make or become pale.
debus: To get off a bus.
raims: third-person singular simple present indicative of raim
digit: To point at or point out with the finger.
spaes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spae
spaed: simple past and past participle of spae
galed: simple past and past participle of gale
yleft: past participle of leave
dyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dye
suest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sue
lyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lye
swiss: To prepare (meat, fabric, etc.) by rolling or pounding in order to soften it.
anals: third-person singular simple present indicative of anal
go it: To misbehave, to carry on.
go it: To proceed, to make progress; go on (expressing encouragement).
unkey: To stop transmitting on a two-way radio, etc.
queek: To produce this sound.
likey: Alternative form of like
dayed: simple past and past participle of day
gymed: simple past and past participle of gym
knick: Alternative spelling of nick
milkt: simple past and past participle of milk
sturs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stur
unarc: To extract (a file) from a compressed archive in ARC (file format).
sutle: To sell (goods, to an army) as a sutler.
lol'd: simple past and past participle of lol
loled: simple past and past participle of lol
skols: third-person singular simple present indicative of skol
resue: To sue again.
bedid: simple past of bedo
remop: To mop again.
vired: simple past and past participle of vire
scrab: To scrape or scratch.
clour: To inflict a blow on; punch.
clour: To make a dent or bump on; ding.
poohs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pooh
undog: To unfasten (a hatch or door).
fifed: simple past and past participle of fife
snitz: To slice.
unadd: To remove something after it has been added.
uring: present participle and gerund of ure
siled: simple past and past participle of sile
redon: To don again, to put on again.
awwed: simple past and past participle of aww
weare: Obsolete spelling of wear
weare: Obsolete spelling of were
nayed: simple past and past participle of nay
bokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of boke
loams: third-person singular simple present indicative of loam
unhex: To remove a hex or curse from.
farbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of farb
jeffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jeff
muxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mux
noped: simple past and past participle of nope
swoll: Alternative spelling of swole
shart: To unintentionally defecate due to relaxing the anus to flatulate.
comin: Pronunciation spelling of coming.
semed: simple past and past participle of seme
tinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of tind
saies: Obsolete form of says.
slock: To swallow, gulp.
slock: To poach (a servant) from another household.
slock: To strike with a slock.
slock: To hunt (wild game) with preindustrial tools such as spears, blowguns, slingshots, arrows, crossbows, or others.
mored: simple past and past participle of more
wawed: simple past and past participle of waw
poped: simple past and past participle of pope
TASed: simple past and past participle of TAS
bespy: To send spies to; beset with espionage.
TASes: third-person singular simple present indicative of TAS
smofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smof
sciss: To scissor; to cut as if with scissors.
saged: simple past and past participle of sage
treck: Archaic form of trek.
maime: Obsolete spelling of maim
sperg: To have a tantrum or fit of rage.
sperg: To ramble in excessive detail, as someone with Asperger's syndrome would stereotypically do.
felte: Archaic spelling of felt.
pidge: To post (something) in a pigeonhole.
peent: Of the American woodcock, to make its characteristic cry.
hmphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hmph
eeked: simple past and past participle of eek
nighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nigh
nurst: simple past and past participle of nurse
loids: third-person singular simple present indicative of loid
glams: third-person singular simple present indicative of glam
goosh: To move in a messy, liquid manner.
goosh: To gush.
goosh: To smush, to smash.
gerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of gern
tervy: To struggle; kick or tumble about, as to get free.
whoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoo
tyled: simple past and past participle of tyle
tyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tyle
dawbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawb
wuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wuff
sleck: Alternative form of slake
sleck: To slake; allay; cool; quench; extinguish.
sleck: To groan when overloaded with food; sigh with repletion.
bawws: third-person singular simple present indicative of baww
abyde: Obsolete spelling of abide
borry: Pronunciation spelling of borrow.
fauch: Alternative form of faunch
soots: third-person singular simple present indicative of soot
heled: simple past and past participle of hele
heles: third-person singular simple present indicative of hele
bedaw: To awake.
besew: To sew.
craal: Archaic form of kraal.
gises: third-person singular simple present indicative of gise
sying: present participle and gerund of sie
mangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mang
bosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bost
minac: To not meet the minimum activity level of an amateur press association.
befur: To cover or clothe with fur.
konks: third-person singular simple present indicative of konk
danks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dank
zorch: To destroy or ruin, especially by electronic means.
hazen: To make or become hazy
gayed: simple past and past participle of gay
evals: third-person singular simple present indicative of eval
goams: third-person singular simple present indicative of goam
gorms: third-person singular simple present indicative of gorm
walms: third-person singular simple present indicative of walm
glown: past participle of glow
resub: Abbreviation of resubscribe.
knawn: past participle of knaw
seent: simple past and past participle of see
wifis: third-person singular simple present indicative of wifi
upbow: To bend or arc upwards.
lyzed: simple past and past participle of lyze
lyzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lyze
Kondo: To tidy up using the methods advocated by Marie Kondo, especially keeping only those things that tokimeku (spark joy).
blead: Obsolete spelling of bleed
blead: Misspelling of bleed.
texed: simple past and past participle of text
vedge: Alternative spelling of veg (to be vegetative)
recam: To recreate (a recording of gameplay in a three-dimensional playfield) with different camera positioning and movement from the original camera that followed the player's viewpoint.
titup: Alternative form of tittup
ented: simple past and past participle of ent
dompt: To bring (something) under control; to overcome, to subdue.
warry: To curse; execrate; abuse; speak evil of.
cc'ed: simple past and past participle of cc
hiped: simple past and past participle of hipe
unass: To get out of (a vehicle or building).
meowl: To meow.
damnd: Alternative form of damn.
damnd: Archaic spelling of damned.
PCing: present participle and gerund of PC
gawed: simple past and past participle of gaw
undie: To come back to life after having died.
undie: To become undead.
inorb: To form or constitute as an orb.
squig: Only used in squig out
enmix: Alternative form of inmix
inmix: to mix in; intermingle
veals: third-person singular simple present indicative of veal
Zippo: Alternative spelling of zippo
kembs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kemb
loofa: Alternative form of loofah
phubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of phub
djent: To play a djent riff.
rawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rawk
yarrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of yarr
lirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lirk
jaups: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaup
upled: simple past and past participle of uplead
upran: simple past of uprun
geals: third-person singular simple present indicative of geal
gript: simple past and past participle of grip
hends: third-person singular simple present indicative of hend
hents: third-person singular simple present indicative of hent
hoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hox
hoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of hove
reink: To ink again.
reoil: To oil again.
rines: third-person singular simple present indicative of rine
fiked: simple past and past participle of fike
feals: third-person singular simple present indicative of feal
fikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fike
fyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fyle
mengs: third-person singular simple present indicative of meng
mered: simple past and past participle of mere
besaw: simple past of besee
biggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bigg
boked: simple past and past participle of boke
bouns: third-person singular simple present indicative of boun
birrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of birr
blins: third-person singular simple present indicative of blin
boult: Alternative form of bolt (“to sift”)
cucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuck
thigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of thig
ticed: simple past and past participle of tice
toled: past of tole
tooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of toom
kyarn: Nonstandard form of can.
tyned: simple past and past participle of tyne
shoah: To destroy; to remove; to take down, especially from an Internet platform.
dawts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawt
deled: simple past and past participle of dele
doats: third-person singular simple present indicative of doat
dited: simple past and past participle of dite
dorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dort
pechs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pech
smize: To smile with one's eyes.
phuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of phut
pirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of pirl
pized: simple past and past participle of pize
pizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pize
polks: third-person singular simple present indicative of polk
proul: Obsolete form of prowl.
pyned: simple past and past participle of pyne
69ing: present participle and gerund of 69
cooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of coom
MCing: present participle and gerund of MC
b-boy: Alternative letter-case form of B-boy
zhush: Alternative form of zhoosh
saist: Obsolete form of sayest.
saded: simple past and past participle of sade
staws: third-person singular simple present indicative of staw
stobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stob
swapt: simple past and past participle of swap
retip: To fit with a new tip.
scugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scug
shogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shog
skugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of skug
snars: third-person singular simple present indicative of snar
smugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smug
sneds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sned
snees: third-person singular simple present indicative of snee
snyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snye
snebs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneb
spued: simple past and past participle of spue
shabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shab
woosh: Alternative form of whoosh
eaned: simple past and past participle of ean
tribs: third-person singular simple present indicative of trib
neals: third-person singular simple present indicative of neal
glips: third-person singular simple present indicative of glip
yesks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yesk
fands: third-person singular simple present indicative of fand
sayed: Misspelling of said.
vants: third-person singular simple present indicative of vant
deash: To remove the ash from.
adaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of adaw
bedog: to follow like a dog, harass, torment; bully
whews: third-person singular simple present indicative of whew
ugged: simple past and past participle of ug
ugged: simple past and past participle of ugg
unlid: To remove the lid from.
ungum: To remove the gum from.
nills: third-person singular simple present indicative of nill
voled: simple past and past participle of vole
pawaw: Archaic form of powwow.
orted: simple past and past participle of ort
ragoo: Obsolete form of ragout.
feens: third-person singular simple present indicative of feen
lefte: simple past and past participle of leave
yives: third-person singular simple present indicative of yive
geaux: Informal form of go.
unfry: To reverse the process of frying.
beyng: Obsolete spelling of being
shold: Obsolete spelling of should
sarve: Obsolete spelling of serve
barke: Obsolete spelling of bark
shuld: Obsolete spelling of should
shewe: Obsolete spelling of show
iudge: obsolete typography of judge
boyle: Obsolete spelling of boil
haill: Obsolete spelling of hail
seein: Pronunciation spelling of seeing.
dooth: Obsolete spelling of doth
denie: Obsolete spelling of deny
driue: Obsolete spelling of drive
GMing: present participle and gerund of GM
DMing: present participle and gerund of DM
STing: present participle and gerund of ST
erned: simple past and past participle of ern
untax: To remove a tax from.
holks: third-person singular simple present indicative of holk
louns: third-person singular simple present indicative of loun
cofed: simple past and past participle of cofeed
grock: Alternative spelling of grok
meess: Pronunciation spelling of miss (“to feel the absence of, or to fail to hit”), representing Latino-accented English.
cowch: Obsolete form of couch.
sshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ssh
sshed: simple past and past participle of ssh
lepak: To loiter about casually; to hang out.
hiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hiff
wauks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wauk
enarm: To arm; to provide with weapons.
repeg: To peg (a currency) again.
do of: Alternative spelling of do off
embog: To bog down.
embue: Obsolete form of imbue.
bayts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bayt
makin: Alternative form of makkin
bowes: Obsolete form of bow.
amays: third-person singular simple present indicative of amay
coits: third-person singular simple present indicative of coit
grypt: Obsolete form of gripped.
deair: To remove the air from.
sabos: third-person singular simple present indicative of sabo
boyed: simple past and past participle of boy
yeets: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeet
stoln: Obsolete form of stolen.
DLing: present participle and gerund of DL
go at: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, at.
go at: To try to solve a problem a specific way; to undertake a task.
go at: To initiate an attack on or an argument with.
curts: third-person singular simple present indicative of curt
gunch: To maneuver one's body while playing, in an attempt to influence the path of the ball.
reups: third-person singular simple present indicative of reup
reups: Alternative form of re-ups
tovel: to immerse (something, especially kitchenware) into a mikveh
sools: third-person singular simple present indicative of sool
smegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smeg
youks: third-person singular simple present indicative of youk
ahing: present participle and gerund of ah
unlax: To relax.
daved: simple past and past participle of dave
slown: past participle of slow
dindu: Pronunciation spelling of didn't do.
biled: simple past and past participle of bile
rejog: To jog (someone's memory) again.
paide: Archaic spelling of paid.
deass: To exit or depart from (an area) rapidly.
feued: simple past and past participle of feu
unask: To undo the asking of (a question).
ULing: present participle and gerund of UL
vblog: Synonym of vlog
bloud: Obsolete form of blood.
rerub: To rub again.
layan: To respond to (a person) through conversation or actions.
manks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mank
leyns: third-person singular simple present indicative of leyn
raign: Obsolete spelling of rain.
raign: Obsolete spelling of reign.
lints: third-person singular simple present indicative of lint
lewed: simple past and past participle of lew
nroff: To format (text) using the nroff program, which produces output suitable for simple fixed-width printers and terminal windows.
unpop: To unfasten (a snap fastener).
unpop: To cause not to have popped.
dodds: third-person singular simple present indicative of dodd
VJing: present participle and gerund of VJ
txted: simple past and past participle of txt
undye: To remove dye from.
moosh: Alternative spelling of mush (“to squish”)
XXXes: third-person singular simple present indicative of XXX
lills: third-person singular simple present indicative of lill
detax: Synonym of untax
XXXed: simple past and past participle of XXX
upjet: To jet upward.
updry: To dry up.
untin: To remove the tin (metal) from.
nurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of nurl
PMing: present participle and gerund of PM
falne: past participle of fall
rebed: To supply with a new or replacement bed or bedding
oosed: simple past and past participle of oose
ooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of oose
okehs: third-person singular simple present indicative of okeh
lears: third-person singular simple present indicative of lear
lassu: Archaic form of lasso.
undig: To undo the process of digging; to fill up (a hole or grave) or bury again (something unearthed).
flowe: Obsolete form of flow.
chuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of chut
swind: To squint
goand: present participle of go
lowen: To make or become low.
yirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yirk
yoick: To give the hunter's cry of "yoick".
floof: To make something fluffy, to fluff (up).
floof: To move in a floofy or fluffy manner.
upgun: Alternative form of up-gun
enlit: simple past and past participle of enlight
BMXed: simple past and past participle of BMX
humfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of humf
fayne: Obsolete form of feign.
retox: To resume the consumption of alcohol, drugs, etc.; to reverse a period of detox.
hurrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurr
lains: third-person singular simple present indicative of lain
atest: second-person singular simple past indicative of eat
naais: third-person singular simple present indicative of naai
snool: To submit tamely to others.
dazen: To make or become dazed
ungay: To make not gay or less gay.
memba: remember
onlay: To lay or place something on a surface.
arred: simple past and past participle of arr.
toput: To split apart.
rulez: Informal spelling of rules.
TAing: present participle and gerund of TA
roose: to flatter or praise.
roose: to be proud.
faved: simple past and past participle of fave
faved: simple past and past participle of fav
unend: To undo or reverse the end or ending of
flead: simple past and past participle of flea
xfers: third-person singular simple present indicative of xfer
feaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of feak (alternative form of feagues)
liged: simple past and past participle of lige
stan': Pronunciation spelling of stand.
unken: To not know, fail to recognise, be ignorant of.
dehex: To remove a hex (a spell, especially an evil spell).
larps: third-person singular simple present indicative of larp
betop: To top
ooped: simple past and past participle of oop
muled: simple past and past participle of mule
degel: To convert from a gel to a liquid.
dwalm: To fail in health.
tahan: To endure; to bear.
stear: Obsolete form of steer.
wexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wex
wexed: simple past and past participle of wex
oggle: Alternative form of ogle
yealm: Alternative form of yelm
yocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yock
duded: simple past and past participle of dude.
mew'd: simple past and past participle of mew
woo'd: simple past and past participle of woo
mudge: To move oneself; to stir.
bay'd: simple past and past participle of bay
darst: second-person singular simple present indicative of dare
cleep: Alternative form of clepe
fux0r: fuck (in various senses)
sux0r: To suck; to be inferior or objectionable.
safed: simple past and past participle of safe
la-la: To sing or recite the syllable la repeatedly.
la-la: To sing (a song) with la replacing the song lyrics.
relog: To log out and log in again.
praye: Obsolete spelling of pray
bylde: Obsolete spelling of build
swopt: simple past and past participle of swop
utzed: simple past and past participle of utz
amand: To send away; dismiss.
bcc's: third-person singular simple present indicative of bcc
bcc'd: simple past and past participle of bcc
arbed: simple past and past participle of arb
untap: To release a flow of (creativity, potential, etc.); to unleash.
stend: To rear or leap.
stend: To walk with long strides.
hugen: To make or become huge.
bzzed: simple past and past participle of bzz
toyle: Obsolete form of toil.
PDFed: simple past and past participle of PDF
spald: To split.
repop: To pop again.
repop: To repopulate.
thwip: To make this sound.
towze: Alternative form of touse
towse: Alternative form of touse
Roget: To use a thesaurus; to look for synonyms; to suggest synonyms.
Roget: To use or to mention synonyms; (often) to replace words in a text with synonyms in order to disguise plagiarism.
GPSed: simple past and past participle of GPS
incl.: Abbreviation of including.
incl.: Abbreviation of inclusive.
cumed: simple past and past participle of cume
spewn: past participle of spew
Ubers: third-person singular simple present indicative of Uber
teeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of teep
teeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of teek
decar: To get out of a car (motor vehicle).
rench: Alternative form of rinse
rench: Obsolete form of wrench.
voyds: third-person singular simple present indicative of voyd
stuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of stut
safen: To make safe.
safen: To protect a crop from injury from a herbicide by adding a safener.
adrew: simple past of adraw
fuggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fugg
remow: To mow again.
joled: simple past and past participle of jol
pyxed: simple past and past participle of pyx
lackt: simple past and past participle of lack
stuft: simple past and past participle of stuff
rejoy: To rejoice
rejoy: To enjoy
brawt: Eye dialect spelling of brought.
CGI'd: simple past and past participle of CGI; to have created visuals using computer-generated imagery.
GPLed: simple past and past participle of GPL
QSOed: simple past and past participle of QSO
FSing: present participle and gerund of FS
steme: Obsolete form of steam.
yuked: simple past and past participle of yuke
viséd: simple past and past participle of visé
yukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of yuke
404ed: simple past and past participle of 404
onded: simple past and past participle of onde
untye: Obsolete form of untie.
bewon: simple past and past participle of bewin
ehhed: past of ehh
ehing: present participle and gerund of eh
unweb: To undo a web or webbing.
unwig: To remove a wig from.
unwig: To remove (someone) from a position marked by the wearing of a wig, such as that of barrister or judge.
unwig: To take off one's wig.
whoas: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoa
ta'en: Alternative form of taken
roted: simple past and past participle of rote
plaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of plap
Borks: third-person singular simple present indicative of Bork. (Alternative letter-case form of borks.)
flimp: To steal; to commit petty theft.
nidge: To dress the face of (a stone) with a sharp-pointed hammer.
geach: To steal.
ammos: third-person singular simple present indicative of ammo
lyin': Pronunciation spelling of lying.
glums: third-person singular simple present indicative of glum
orged: simple past and past participle of orge
benew: To make like new; renew; refresh.
regot: simple past and past participle of reget
abuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of abuy
enews: third-person singular simple present indicative of enew
nakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nake
lared: simple past and past participle of lare
reast: To dry or smoke (meat, etc.)
skear: Pronunciation spelling of scare.
drant: To drawl; to drone.
uneat: To undo or reverse the eating of
mayed: simple past and past participle of may
cuten: To make cute
cuten: To become cute
CTCed: past of CTC
axeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of axe
preve: Alternative form of prove
seaze: Obsolete form of seize.
amuze: Obsolete form of amuse.
Insta: Clipping of Instagram.
strub: To rob, plunder; clear out completely; to strip.
lothe: Obsolete form of loathe.
bluen: to make or become blue.
memed: simple past and past participle of meme
denet: To reduce the price of (a book) below its agreed-upon net value with the publisher.
fease: Alternative form of feeze
hodls: third-person singular simple present indicative of hodl
'rest: Contraction of arrest (to capture a criminal)
exeme: To release; to exempt.
BLAST: Alternative letter-case form of blast (to run a sequence through BLAST)
flurr: To scatter.
flurr: To fly up.
dist.: Abbreviation of distributed.
dist.: Abbreviation of distilled.
smurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smur
chirl: To emit a low sound; to warble.
chewn: past participle of chew
notts: third-person singular simple present indicative of nott
unate: simple past of uneat
smous: To go about selling goods, as an itinerant peddler.
redug: simple past and past participle of redig
redig: To dig again.
snurf: To use a snurfer, to participate in snurfing.
saxed: simple past and past participle of sax
h8ing: present participle and gerund of h8
glowr: Obsolete spelling of glower.
renod: To nod again.
repod: To reenter a pod or put back into a pod.
repod: To produce pods again.
repod: Misspelling of repoed.
cowps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowp
genos: third-person singular simple present indicative of geno
blove: simple past of blive
oning: present participle and gerund of one
brady: To have or experience an abnormally low heartbeat, defined as under 60 beats per minute for an adult; to have or experience bradycardia
elfed: simple past and past participle of elf
DVRed: simple past and past participle of DVR
blurr: Archaic form of blur.
revow: To vow again or anew.
mased: simple past and past participle of mase
upfit: To customize (a product, especially a vehicle) by adding extra features.
whank: To beat; to thrash; to whip; to lash.
whank: To cut, especially to cut off a large portion.
tapao: To order (food) as takeaway; to pack food so it can be consumed elsewhere.
stult: To choke off; to arrest; to deprive of strength or efficacy.
showe: Obsolete spelling of show
BBQ'd: Alternative form of BBQed
DMCAs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DMCA
conds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cond
RIFed: simple past and past participle of RIF
quirl: To curl or twirl, or twist or coil (up).
scoon: To skim along (a surface) like a vessel on the water.
galps: third-person singular simple present indicative of galp
mouch: Dated form of mooch.
vored: simple past and past participle of vore
halps: third-person singular simple present indicative of halp
hoits: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoit
hodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hode
heans: third-person singular simple present indicative of hean
tauts: third-person singular simple present indicative of taut
clyte: Synonym of cloit
tafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of taft
lymed: simple past and past participle of lyme
lymes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lyme
perts: third-person singular simple present indicative of pert
easen: To make at ease; make easy or easier; (by extension) to soothe; comfort; relieve
spaff: To ejaculate (on or in).
spaff: To waste (resources); splurge.
arn't: Alternative form of ain't
yumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of yump
aymed: simple past and past participle of ayme
reaim: To aim again.
hilch: To hobble.
spave: Archaic form of spay (“remove the ovaries of an animal”).
jelqs: third-person singular simple present indicative of jelq
micin: present participle of mice
reech: Alternative form of reek.
reech: Obsolete form of reach.
f*cks: third-person singular simple present indicative of f*ck
kapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kape
sammy: To moisten (animal skins) with water.
dearm: to remove arms
do by: To perform on behalf of someone or with someone in mind; to behave in a manner befitting someone.
wests: third-person singular simple present indicative of west
retex: To annul.
slish: To cut, slit or slash.
mulsh: Dated form of mulch.
acoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of acoy
dyked: simple past and past participle of dyke
sench: To cause to sink.
delid: To remove a hermetically sealed lid from
delid: To remove the lid from a microchip.
delid: To remove a hermetically sealed lid from
delid: To remove the lid from a can.
JFKed: simple past and past participle of JFK
thrap: To fasten about.
ceebs: Cannot be bothered.
aiked: simple past and past participle of aik
skued: simple past and past participle of skue
skues: third-person singular simple present indicative of skue
apptd: Abbreviation of appointed.
Baidu: To search for (something) on the Internet using the Baidu search engine.
cleer: Obsolete spelling of clear.
fking: present participle and gerund of fk
clies: third-person singular simple present indicative of cly
clied: simple past and past participle of cly
F5ing: present participle and gerund of F5
rused: simple past and past participle of ruse
PCRed: simple past and past participle of PCR
kweng: To shoot, to kill by gunfire.
reune: To reunite.
kelks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kelk
DTMFA: Initialism of dump the mother-fucker already, as advice to a partner in a relationship.
claut: To scratch or claw.
vised: simple past and past participle of vise
crool: To murmur or mutter.
crool: Alternative spelling of cruel
SMOrc: To focus on aggressively attacking the opponent, especially while disregarding enemy minions.
dabao: Alternative form of tapao
LJBFs: third-person singular simple present indicative of LJBF
chigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chig
faken: To make fake; to fake
hoord: Obsolete form of hoard.
refan: To fan again:
refan: To spread again.
refan: To fan again:
refan: To cause air to blow on again.
refan: To fan again:
refan: To revive or reinvigorate.
refan: To fan again:
refan: To winnow again.
refan: To retrofit an airplane engine with a turbofan that reduces noise.
xpost: Abbreviation of crosspost.
unfog: To remove the moisture or fog from.
unfog: To free from confusion
unfog: To become less covered in fog or mist.
unfog: To become clearer or less confused.
unfog: To adjust the lenses a patient looks through in order to clarify their vision.
euths: third-person singular simple present indicative of euth
resip: To sip again.
bunce: To obtain money from, by trickery.
demap: To remove (a section of a street), taking it off of street maps and replacing it with something else such as a park or housing.
demap: To remove connections between memories in the mind.
CCing: present participle and gerund of CC
BMing: present participle and gerund of BM
BSODs: third-person singular simple present indicative of BSOD
ooohs: third-person singular simple present indicative of oooh
loted: simple past and past participle of lote
unrep: To take on fuel without putting into port.
wownd: Obsolete form of wound.
rools: third-person singular simple present indicative of rool
upfly: To fly upward.
boody: To sulk or mope.
fwded: simple past and past participle of fwd
D/Led: simple past and past participle of D/L
unjar: To extract data from a JAR (Java archive) file.
mumms: third-person singular simple present indicative of mumm
owled: simple past and past participle of owl
darty: To participate in a darty.
poyse: Obsolete form of poise.
wooze: To soak hides in wooze.
wooze: To cause to feel woozy.
wooze: To become woozy or sleepy.
wooze: To move or function while in a daze.
wooze: To speak while intoxicated; to say in a slurred voice.
wooze: To gradually go in and out of mental focus.
wooze: To move sinuously.
uggle: To make dirty.
stouk: Alternative form of stook
seech: Lancashire, West Country, and possibly other dialects' form of seek
ensew: Obsolete form of ensue.
gronk: Of a floppy disk drive: to produce mechanical sounds of operation.
gronk: To fail; to crash or go wrong.
gronk: To make a gronking sound.
heark: Obsolete form of hark.
joyen: Obsolete form of join.
ranck: Obsolete form of rank.
scart: To scratch or scrape.
DNAed: simple past and past participle of DNA
upcut: To cut (audio or video) too short, so that a small portion is lost or overlaps the adjoining item.
shmir: Alternative form of schmear
peize: Alternative form of peise
uncan: To remove from a can.
coled: simple past and past participle of colead
skrrt: To speed away to another place by means of a vehicle with tires, or in simulation of it.
moers: third-person singular simple present indicative of moer
Tweet: Alternative letter-case form of tweet (“to post on Twitter”)
scoss: Obsolete form of scorse.
medle: Obsolete form of meddle.
waffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of waff
scuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of scun
scons: third-person singular simple present indicative of scon
DFLed: simple past and past participle of DFL
kepos: third-person singular simple present indicative of kepo
stilp: To move on crutches.
endew: Alternative form of endue (“to endow”)
erged: simple past and past participle of erg
aston: To astonish.
piffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of piff
RTSed: simple past of RTS
lalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of lall
deage: To reduce the apparent age of.
fooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of foom
derig: To remove the rigging from (a vessel, etc.).
gnarr: Alternative form of gnar
soums: third-person singular simple present indicative of soum
sowms: third-person singular simple present indicative of sowm
recup: To cup again; to supply with cups an additional time.
defur: To remove the fur from.
empts: third-person singular simple present indicative of empt
beled: simple past and past participle of belead
redam: To dam again.
groak: To stare at people who are eating in the hope that they will offer to share their food
glase: Obsolete form of glaze.
rieve: Archaic form of reave.
tumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tumb
lewds: third-person singular simple present indicative of lewd
foofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of foof
ommed: simple past and past participle of om
'tend: Obsolete form of tend.
rutch: To slide; to scooch; to shuffle.
rutch: To squirm; to move around frequently.
TUPEd: simple past and past participle of TUPE
TUPEs: third-person singular simple present indicative of TUPE
grims: third-person singular simple present indicative of grim
Fedex: Alternative form of FedEx
fedex: Alternative form of FedEx
roneo: Alternative form of Roneo
drawk: To drench with water.
tölts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tölt
RTUed: simple past and past participle of RTU
RTU'd: simple past and past participle of RTU
twock: Alternative form of twoc
fashy: To ignore or forget (someone or something).
thonk: To think deeply; to ponder.
reccs: third-person singular simple present indicative of recc
recal: Obsolete spelling of recall
recal: Misspelling of recall.
essed: simple past and past participle of ess
AAing: present participle and gerund of AA
TiVos: third-person singular simple present indicative of TiVo
oozle: To sneak; to creep or sidle.
oozle: To flow sinuously; to seep or ooze;
quork: To make a quorking sound.
exapt: To exhibit exaptation; To repurpose a pre-existing adaptation.
SLERP: To interpolate by using SLERP.
slerp: Alternative form of SLERP
MRIed: simple past and past participle of MRI
r0x0r: To rock: to be very good or favourable, to excel.
boa'd: Pronunciation spelling of board.
geggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gegg
eketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of eke
regag: to put a gag back into someone's mouth.
5150s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 5150
appuy: Alternative form of appui
abait: To stimulate one's sexual appetite
abait: To provoke
abare: to strip, uncover (make bare)
depin: To undergo depinning.
OOPed: simple past and past participle of OOP
rurnt: simple past and past participle of rurn
ruint: simple past and past participle of ruin
dx'ed: simple past and past participle of dx
ranst: second-person singular simple past indicative of run
xmits: third-person singular simple present indicative of xmit
bruck: Alternative form of break
beïng: Misspelling of being.
hadnt: Misspelling of hadn't.
elded: simple past and past participle of eld
unmat: To restore (hair, fur, etc.) from a matted state.
dehub: To restructure flights or terminate operations at (an airport) in such a way that it ceases to be an airline hub.
miced: simple past and past participle of mic
demod: To demodulate.
demod: To demote (someone) from moderator status.
demod: To undo the modifications of (an object).
bow'd: past of bow
sleer: To mock or jeer.
flizz: To earn money.
crowl: To make a growling noise, as the stomach.
debud: To remove the bud or buds from.
yerds: third-person singular simple present indicative of yerd
RDMed: simple past and past participle of RDM
404'd: simple past and past participle of 404
ithed: simple past and past participle of ithe
shhed: simple past and past participle of shh
shhes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shh
mimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mimp
kek'd: simple past and past participle of kek
luded: simple past and past participle of lude
Barff: Synonym of Bower-Barff
incr.: Abbreviation of imitation.
meas.: Abbreviation of measure.
foun': Pronunciation spelling of found. (past tense of find)
reape: Obsolete spelling of reap
washe: Obsolete spelling of wash
swime: Obsolete spelling of swim
tript: past of trip
playd: past of play
weede: Obsolete spelling of weed
pryce: Obsolete spelling of price
leeve: Obsolete spelling of leave
wayte: Obsolete spelling of wait
hoyst: Obsolete spelling of hoist
rowse: Obsolete spelling of rouse
stube: Obsolete spelling of stub
burie: Obsolete spelling of bury
cocke: Obsolete spelling of cock
defie: Obsolete spelling of defy
maule: Obsolete spelling of maul
foyle: Obsolete spelling of foil
kotoo: Obsolete form of kowtow.
scorf: To eat voraciously.
g'wan: Contraction of go on.
boads: third-person singular simple present indicative of boad
BSing: present participle and gerund of BS
rownd: Obsolete form of round.
sownd: Obsolete form of sound.
areed: Alternative form of aread
wrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrop
limne: Obsolete form of limn.
xfade: Abbreviation of crossfade.
Venmo: To use the Venmo peer-to-peer mobile payment system, originally principally for splitting bills such as for food, drinks, entertainment, and transportation.
gouch: to feel drowsy due to the effects of heroin
crike: To perform a cricothyrotomy on (someone)
kests: third-person singular simple present indicative of kest
lemed: simple past and past participle of leme
onned: simple past and past participle of on
alays: third-person singular simple present indicative of alay
pouff: Alternative form of pouf
roded: simple past and past participle of rode
CEOed: simple past and past participle of CEO
Kanye: To interrupt the speech of (someone).
Kanye: To interrupt (a speech).
quawk: Of birds, to give loud, harsh vocalisations.
WiFis: third-person singular simple present indicative of WiFi
shigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shig
kotch: Alternative form of cotch
BIRGs: third-person singular simple present indicative of BIRG
IMing: present participle and gerund of IM
syred: simple past and past participle of syre
swosh: Alternative form of swash (“to dash or flow noisily; to splash”)
OHKed: simple past and past participle of OHK
glamp: To practice glamping
awest: second-person singular simple present indicative of awe
aweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of awe
onled: simple past and past participle of onlead
upmix: To demix a downmixed track and increase the number of channels: convert mono into stereo, or stereo into surround sound, etc.
holup: Abbreviation of hold up.
TPing: present participle and gerund of TP
blart: To sound loudly or harshly; to cry out, wail, lament.
blart: To bleat, bellow, low.
twags: third-person singular simple present indicative of twag
pixed: simple past and past participle of pix
NOPed: simple past and past participle of NOP
undip: To bring back up from a dipped state.
bhops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bhop
ritts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ritt
futed: simple past and past participle of fute
rinch: Alternative form of rinse
DoSed: simple past and past participle of DoS
DoSes: third-person singular simple present indicative of DoS
whoom: Alternative form of whoomp
preed: simple past and past participle of pree
whees: third-person singular simple present indicative of whee
wheed: simple past and past participle of whee
skait: Obsolete spelling of skate
fruck: simple past and past participle of freak
fying: present participle and gerund of fy
♥'ing: present participle and gerund of ♥
cesed: simple past and past participle of cese
go ER: To commit an indiscriminate mass murder, particularly one that targets women.
goave: To make a goaf (stack)
Bings: third-person singular simple present indicative of Bing
scoug: Alternative form of scug
flamb: to baste roasted meat (obsolete, Scottishhttps://archive.org/details/cu31924088038397/page/n394/mode/2up?q=flamb.
keked: simple past and past participle of kek
vaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vax
vaxed: simple past and past participle of vax
w8ing: present participle and gerund of w8
oofed: simple past and past participle of oof
EDCed: simple past and past participle of EDC
Zuccs: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zucc
defin: To remove the fins from.
unvat: To remove from a vat.
cropt: simple past and past participle of crop
BBMed: simple past and past participle of BBM
unkeg: To remove from a keg.
nanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nank
TXing: present participle and gerund of TX
FOIAs: third-person singular simple present indicative of FOIA
lifed: simple past and past participle of life
hotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hote
lugow: Alternative form of lugao
lugao: To moor a boat.
voops: third-person singular simple present indicative of voop
RTing: present participle and gerund of RT
sdein: Alternative form of sdeign
reban: To ban again.
snams: third-person singular simple present indicative of snam
tiefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tief
lepay: To smear a mixture of mud, dung and water by hand to make walls or floors.
wrate: simple past of write
DPing: present participle and gerund of DP
unpry: To pry apart; to prise or loosen.
dekek: Alternative spelling of dekeck.
OTKed: simple past and past participle of OTK
ghoom: To hunt for animals by stealth in an area where they are likely to be found on the move.
4gets: third-person singular simple present indicative of 4get
4gave: simple past of 4give
4give: Forgive.
rawed: simple past and past participle of raw
yiked: simple past and past participle of yike
poors: third-person singular simple present indicative of poor
girks: third-person singular simple present indicative of girk
rekit: To provide with new kit; to reequip.
kacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kack
b***h: Censored spelling of bitch.
sk8ed: simple past and past participle of sk8
tackt: simple past and past participle of tack
yings: third-person singular simple present indicative of ying
agged: simple past and past participle of agg
unwax: To remove wax from.
malds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mald
allou: Obsolete form of allow.
biast: simple past and past participle of bias
wying: present participle and gerund of wye
swoke: simple past of swike
*69ed: simple past and past participle of *69
boogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of boog
str8n: Abbreviation of straighten.
ferks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ferk
1ders: third-person singular simple present indicative of 1der
FAFOs: third-person singular simple present indicative of FAFO
xform: Abbreviation of transform.
joyns: third-person singular simple present indicative of joyn
naits: third-person singular simple present indicative of nait
sex0r: Alternative form of sexx0r
depeg: To become detached from or to abandon a fixed exchange rate between two currencies.
HODLs: third-person singular simple present indicative of HODL
xbred: simple past and past participle of xbreed
quile: Pronunciation spelling of coil.
twile: Pronunciation spelling of toil.
goïng: Misspelling of going.
rilek: To relax; to chill, doing nothing in particular.
injog: To arrange (a card or cards) in this manner.
wifed: simple past and past participle of wife
fyked: simple past and past participle of fyke
fexts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fext
loffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of loff
w*nks: third-person singular simple present indicative of w*nk
decap: To remove a cap.
decap: To enzymatically remove a cap from mRNA.
decap: To remove a cap.
decap: To remove the epoxy from an integrated circuit.
decap: To remove a cap.
decap: To cause an armor-piercing shell to lose its hardened cap, degrading its ability to penetrate armor.
fvcks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fvck
s*cks: third-person singular simple present indicative of s*ck
b-hop: Clipping of bunny hop.
eyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of eye
xfeed: Abbreviation of crossfeed.
f—kin: present participle of f—k
pomed: simple past and past participle of pome
chauf: To chauffeur.
tapau: Alternative spelling of tapao
fu*ks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fu*k
POSTs: third-person singular simple present indicative of POST
youff: To bark
Dulux: To paint or daub with Dulux paint.
klunk: Alternative form of clunk
ACKed: simple past and past participle of ACK
undub: To withdraw a knighthood from.
undub: To unofficially modify (a video game) so as to restore the original spoken audio that had been localized for export, while retaining the translated text of the target language.
ooked: simple past and past participle of ook
unfur: To remove fur from.
J/O'd: simple past and past participle of J/O
J/Oed: simple past and past participle of J/O
cryed: simple past tense and past participle of cry
layst: second-person singular simple past indicative of lie
ekest: second-person singular simple present indicative of eke
renib: To supply (a pen) with a new nib.
acked: simple past and past participle of ack
gwyne: Alternative form of gwine
meean: Elongated form of mean.
hmpfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hmpf
reneg: Alternative form of renege
lowke: Alternative spelling of look
exeem: Alternative form of exeme
NMing: present participle and gerund of NM
parly: Alternative form of parley
whuff: To make a blowing or puffing noise.
whuff: Alternative form of woof (“to bark”)
bleps: third-person singular simple present indicative of blep
splop: To make a splashing or plopping sound.
airnt: simple past and past participle of airn
airns: third-person singular simple present indicative of airn
WebMD: To search for (something) on the WebMD healthcare website.
enfix: Alternative form of infix
smalm: To smear or daub.
sease: Obsolete form of seize.
shakt: simple past of shake
dwaum: Alternative form of dwalm
boohs: third-person singular simple present indicative of booh
illed: simple past and past participle of ill
NFAed: simple past and past participle of NFA
NFA'd: simple past and past participle of NFA
tazed: simple past and past participle of taze
tazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of taze
f***s: third-person singular simple present indicative of f***
sh*ts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sh*t
sh**s: third-person singular simple present indicative of sh**
s***s: third-person singular simple present indicative of s***
ceaze: Obsolete form of seize.
cloye: Obsolete form of cloy.
cozed: simple past and past participle of coze
degod: To ungod, to divest of a god.
degod: To ungod, to divest of godly powers, to strip of divinity.
teefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of teef
twted: simple past and past participle of twt
queak: Alternative form of queek
unbog: To free from a bog.
awsks: third-person singular simple present indicative of awsk
pssts: third-person singular simple present indicative of psst
pavéd: simple past and past participle of pavé
cairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cair
scoog: Alternative form of scug (“shelter; protect; hide; take shelter”)
shirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shir
GTFOI: Initialism of get the fuck over it.
upbid: To bid upward.
upcry: To outcry.
sweem: to swoon, faint; be giddy
ploat: To pluck or strip off.
ploat: To plunder or rifle.
ducos: third-person singular simple present indicative of duco
DNFed: simple past and past participle of DNF
din'd: simple past and past participle of dine
uprip: To rip up; to tear apart.
thruv: past participle of thrive
Juuls: third-person singular simple present indicative of Juul
nyams: third-person singular simple present indicative of nyam
teize: Obsolete form of tease.
imshy: Alternative form of imshee
imshi: Alternative form of imshee
ODing: present participle and gerund of OD
kyped: simple past and past participle of kype
accrd: Abbreviation of accrued.
s**ts: third-person singular simple present indicative of s**t
prepd: Abbreviation of prepared.
reqs.: Abbreviation of requires.
eates: third-person singular simple present indicative of eate
GMAFB: Initialism of give me a fucking break: used to express frustration or annoyance.
xertz: To gulp down quickly and greedily; to chug.
VCing: present participle and gerund of VC
drewe: simple past of drawe
1v1ed: simple past and past participle of 1v1
mmphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mmph
ret'd: Abbreviation of returned.
lewks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lewk
KOing: present participle and gerund of KO
veged: simple past and past participle of veg
alloc: Clipping of allocate.
injoy: Obsolete form of enjoy.
obsd.: Abbreviation of observed.
boo'd: simple past and past participle of boo
patd.: Abbreviation of patented.
delie: to deny and lie simultaneously
phaze: Obsolete form of faze.
rejar: To place back in a jar, or in a different jar.
twttr: To converse on Twitter; to send a tweet.
avoyd: Obsolete spelling of avoid
mic'd: simple past and past participle of mic
sunck: Obsolete form of sunk.
incld: Abbreviation of included.
meaow: Archaic form of meow.
meeow: Dated form of meow.
dazle: Obsolete spelling of dazzle
rowle: Obsolete spelling of roll
damed: simple past and past participle of dame
Gatso: To fine (a driver) for exceeding the speed limit with the help of a speed camera.
rejd.: Abbreviation of rejected.
retop: To top again or anew; to provide with a new top section.
archt: simple past and past participle of arch
PBing: present participle and gerund of PB
bluft: To blindfold.
fuccs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fucc
tieze: Obsolete form of tease.
focks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fock
quaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of quap
graps: Alternative form of grasp.
folfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of folf
prod.: Abbreviation of produced by.
be at: To be located
GTFOH: Initialism of get the fuck outta here.
viffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of viff
OEing: present participle and gerund of OE
soyed: simple past and past participle of soy
whied: simple past and past participle of why
atted: simple past and past participle of at
saied: Obsolete form of said.
revvs: third-person singular simple present indicative of revv
TA'ed: simple past and past participle of TA
shipt: simple past and past participle of ship
erted: simple past and past participle of ert
covie: Alternative spelling of covey (“to gather into a group”)
covie: Synonym of cove (“of a bird or other animal: to brood, cover, incubate, or sit over (eggs)”)
fawad: To come.
msged: simple past and past participle of msg
NFT'd: simple past and past participle of NFT
NFTed: simple past and past participle of NFT
tea'd: simple past and past participle of tea
goved: simple past and past participle of gove
didde: simple past of doe
zoink: Alternative form of zonk (“to make sleepy or delirious”)
rehit: To hit again.
smold: simple past and past participle of smell
wwoof: To work on an organic farm in exchange for room, board, and education in organic farming.
chgd.: Abbreviation of charged.
rowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of rown
DRYed: simple past and past participle of DRY
quent: past participle of quench
shunk: To impact and penetrate something with a heavy sound, like a blade hitting wood.
shrim: To shrink; to shrivel.
rptd.: Abbreviation of reprinted.
kiked: simple past and past participle of kike
f-off: Alternative spelling of F off
3peat: Alternative form of threepeat
bicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bick
gurps: third-person singular simple present indicative of gurp
smebs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smeb
