FTP: To transfer using File Transfer Protocol.
aby: To pay the penalty for (something); to atone for, to make amends.
aby: To pay (something) as a penalty, to atone for; to suffer (something).
aby: To endure or tolerate (something); to experience.
aby: To pay for (something); to buy.
aby: To pay the penalty; to atone.
aby: To endure; to remain.
IRC: To participate in Internet Relay Chat.
OCR: To perform optical character recognition upon.
lol: Alternative form of LOL
pie: To hit in the face with a pie, either for comic effect or as a means of protest (see also pieing).
pie: To go around (a corner) in a guarded manner.
pie: Alternative form of pi (“to spill or mix printing type”)
het: simple past and past participle of heat
may: To be strong; to have power (over).
may: To be able; can.
may: To be able to go.
may: To have permission to, be allowed. Used in granting permission and in questions to make polite requests.
may: Expressing a present possibility; possibly.
may: Expressing a wish (with present subjunctive effect).
may: Used in modesty, courtesy, or concession, or to soften a question or remark.
may: To gather may, or flowers in general.
may: To celebrate May Day.
are: second-person singular simple present of be
are: present of be
SMS: To send a message on a cell phone.
cod: To attempt to deceive or confuse; To joke; To kid.
van: To transport in a van or similar vehicle (especially of horses).
van: Of law enforcement: to arrest (not necessarily in a van; derived from party van).
van: To wash or cleanse, as a small portion of ore, on a shovel.
sky: To drink (a beverage) from a container without one's lips touching the container.
sky: To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the top of a wall, where it cannot easily be seen; (by extension) to put (something) in an undesirable place.
sky: To toss (something) upwards; specifically, to flip (a coin).
sky: To clear (a high jump bar, hurdle, etc.) by a large margin.
sky: To hit, kick, or throw (a ball) extremely high.
sky: To raise (the price of an item on auction, or the level of the bids generally) by bidding high.
sky: To move quickly, as if by flying; to fly; also, to escape, to flee (especially by airplane).
sky: To hit, kick, or throw a ball extremely high.
sky: To raise an oar too high above the water.
tax: To impose and collect a tax from (a person or company).
tax: To impose and collect a tax on (something).
tax: To make excessive demands on.
tax: To accuse.
tax: To examine accounts in order to allow or disallow items.
day: To spend a day (in a place).
cat: To hoist (the anchor) by its ring so that it hangs at the cathead.
cat: To flog with a cat-o'-nine-tails.
cat: To vomit.
cat: To go wandering at night.
cat: To gossip in a catty manner.
cat: To apply the cat command to (one or more files).
cat: To dump large amounts of data on (an unprepared target), usually with no intention of browsing it carefully.
add: To join or unite (e.g. one thing to another, or as several particulars) so as to increase the number, augment the quantity, or enlarge the magnitude, or so as to form into one aggregate.
add: To sum up; to put together mentally; to add up.
add: To combine elements of (something) into one quantity.
add: To give by way of increased possession (to someone); to bestow (on).
add: To append (e.g. a statement); to say further information; to add on.
add: To make an addition; to augment; to increase; to add on.
add: To perform the arithmetical operation of addition.
add: To summon minions or reinforcements.
add: To add someone as a friend.
now: Misspelling of know.
cum: To have an orgasm, to feel the sensation of an orgasm.
cum: To ejaculate.
cum: Eye dialect spelling of come (“move from further to nearer; arrive”).
inc: Abbreviation of increase.
war: To engage in conflict (may be followed by "with" to specify the foe).
war: To carry on, as a contest; to wage.
big: To inhabit; occupy.
big: To locate oneself.
big: To build; erect; fashion.
big: To dwell; have a dwelling.
and: To breathe; whisper; devise; imagine.
LOL: To laugh out loud.
gag: To experience the vomiting reflex.
gag: To cause to heave with nausea.
gag: To restrain someone's speech by blocking his or her mouth.
gag: To pry or hold open by means of a gag.
gag: To restrain someone's speech without using physical means.
gag: To choke; to retch.
gag: To deceive (someone); to con.
gag: To astonish (someone); to be at a loss for words.
bit: To put a bridle upon; to put the bit in the mouth of (a horse).
bit: simple past of bite
bit: past participle of bite, bitten
one: To cause to become one; to gather into a single whole; to unite.
but: Use the word "but".
ace: To pass (a test, interviews etc.) perfectly.
ace: To defeat (others) in a contest; to outdo (others) in a competition.
ace: To win a point against (an opponent) by an ace.
ace: To make an ace (hole in one).
map: To represent by means of a map.
map: To create a map of; to examine or survey in order to gather information for a map.
map: To have a direct relationship; to correspond.
map: To create a direct relationship to; to create a correspondence with.
map: To act as a function on something, taking it to something else.
map: To assign a drive letter to a shared folder.
say: To pronounce.
say: To recite.
say: To tell, either verbally or in writing.
say: To indicate in a written form.
say: To have a common expression; used in singular passive voice or plural active voice to indicate a rumor or well-known fact.
say: Suppose, assume; used to mark an example, supposition or hypothesis.
say: To speak; to express an opinion; to make answer; to reply.
say: To bet as a wager on an outcome; by extension, used to express belief in an outcome by the speaker.
say: To try; to assay.
ICQ: To send an instant message to (someone) using ICQ.
ask: To request (information, or an answer to a question).
ask: To put forward (a question) to be answered.
ask: To interrogate or enquire of (a person).
ask: To request or petition; usually with for.
ask: To request permission to do something.
ask: To require, demand, claim, or expect, whether by way of remuneration or return, or as a matter of necessity.
ask: To invite.
ask: To publish in church for marriage; said of both the banns and the persons.
ask: To take (a person's situation) as an example.
DNA: To examine a sample of (someone's) deoxyribonucleic acid.
DNA: To place (someone) under a DNA (do not arm) order because of mental illness.
buy: To obtain (something) in exchange for money or goods.
buy: To obtain, especially by some sacrifice.
buy: To suffer consequences for (something) through being deprived of something; to pay for (something one has done).
buy: To bribe.
buy: To be equivalent to in value.
buy: to accept as true; to believe
buy: To make a purchase or purchases, to treat (for a drink, meal or gift)
buy: To make a bluff, usually a large one.
yet: To pour.
yet: To melt; found; cast (e.g. metal, by pouring it into a mould when molten).
yet: To get.
cow: To intimidate; to daunt the spirits or courage of.
yes: to agree with, affirm, approve.
yes: to attempt to flatter someone by habitually agreeing
new: Synonym of new up
new: To make new; to recreate; to renew.
win: To conquer, defeat.
win: To reach some destination or object, despite difficulty or toil (now usually intransitive, with preposition or locative adverb).
win: To triumph or achieve victory in (a game, a war, etc.).
win: To gain (a prize) by succeeding in competition or contest.
win: To obtain (someone) by wooing; to make an ally or friend of (frequently with over).
win: To achieve victory.
win: To have power, coercion or control.
win: To obtain (something desired).
win: To cause a victory for someone.
win: To extract (ore, coal, etc.).
win: To defeat or surpass someone or something.
win: To dry by exposure to the wind.
pip: To remove the pips from.
pip: To get the better of; to defeat by a narrow margin.
pip: To hit with a gunshot.
pip: To peep, to chirp
pip: To make the initial hole during the process of hatching from an egg
pit: To make pits in; to mark with little hollows.
pit: To put (an animal) into a pit for fighting.
pit: To bring (something) into opposition with something else.
pit: To return to the pits during a race for refuelling, tyre changes, repairs etc.
pit: To remove the stone from a stone fruit or the shell from a drupe.
yak: To talk, particularly informally but persistently; to chatter or prattle.
yak: To vomit, usually as a result of excessive alcohol consumption.
our: Misspelling of are.
sun: To expose to the warmth and radiation of the sun.
sun: To warm or dry in the sunshine.
sun: To be exposed to the sun.
sun: To expose the eyes to the sun as part of the Bates method.
toe: To furnish (a stocking, etc.) with a toe.
toe: To touch, tap or kick with the toes.
toe: To touch or reach with the toes; to come fully up to.
toe: To fasten (a piece) by driving a fastener at a near-45-degree angle through the side (of the piece) into the piece to which it is to be fastened.
toe: To mishit a golf ball with the toe of the club.
was: first-person singular simple past indicative of be.
was: third-person singular simple past indicative of be.
was: Used in phrases with existential there when the semantic subject is (usually third-person) plural.
was: second-person singular simple past indicative of be; were.
see: To perceive or detect someone or something with the eyes, or as if by sight.
see: To witness or observe by personal experience.
see: To perceive or detect someone or something with the eyes, or as if by sight.
see: To watch (a movie) at a cinema, or a show on television etc.
see: To perceive or detect someone or something with the eyes, or as if by sight.
see: To form a mental picture of.
see: To understand.
see: To form a mental picture of.
see: To come to a realization of having been mistaken or misled.
see: To form a mental picture of.
see: To foresee, predict, or prophesy.
see: To form a mental picture of.
see: Used to emphasise a proposition.
see: To form a mental picture of.
see: To meet, to visit.
see: To have an interview with; especially, to make a call upon; to visit.
see: To meet, to visit.
see: To date frequently.
see: To meet, to visit.
see: To visit for a medical appointment.
see: To be the setting or time of.
see: Chiefly followed by that: to ensure that something happens, especially by personally witnessing it.
see: To wait upon; attend, escort.
see: To respond to another player's bet with a bet of equal value.
see: To determine by trial or experiment; to find out (if or whether).
see: To reference or to study for further details.
see: To examine something closely, or to utilize something, often as a temporary alternative.
see: To include as one of something's experiences.
rue: To cause to repent of sin or regret some past action.
rue: To cause to feel sorrow or pity.
rue: To repent of or regret (some past action or event); to wish that a past action or event had not taken place.
rue: To feel compassion or pity.
rue: To feel sorrow or regret.
dye: To colour with dye, or as if with dye.
ate: simple past of eat
ate: past participle of eat
lob: To throw or hit a ball into the air in a high arch.
lob: To throw.
lob: To put, place.
lob: To hit, kick, or throw a ball over another player in a game.
lob: To let fall heavily or lazily.
lob: To cob (chip off unwanted pieces of stone).
gas: To attack or kill with poison gas.
gas: To talk in a boastful or vapid way; chatter.
gas: To impose upon by talking boastfully.
gas: To emit gas.
gas: To impregnate with gas.
gas: To singe, as in a gas flame, so as to remove loose fibers.
gas: To give a vehicle more fuel in order to accelerate it.
gas: To fill (a vehicle's fuel tank) with fuel.
red: simple past and past participle of rede
red: Alternative spelling of redd
can: To know how to; to be able to.
can: May; to be permitted or enabled to.
can: To have the potential to; be possible.
can: Used with verbs of perception.
can: To know.
can: To be (followed by a word like able, possible, allowed).
can: To seal in a can.
can: To preserve by heating and sealing in a jar or can.
can: To discard, scrap or terminate (an idea, project, etc.).
can: To shut up.
can: To fire or dismiss an employee.
can: To hole the ball.
can: To cover (the fuel element in a nuclear reactor) with a protective cover.
wax: To apply wax to (something, such as a shoe, a floor, a car, or an apple), usually to make it shiny.
wax: To remove hair at the roots from (a part of the body) by coating the skin with a film of wax that is then pulled away sharply.
wax: To defeat utterly.
wax: To kill, especially to murder a person.
wax: To record.
wax: To greaten.
wax: To increasingly assume the specified characteristic.
wax: To appear larger each night as a progression from a new moon to a full moon.
wax: To move from low tide to high tide.
hut: To provide (someone) with shelter in a hut.
hut: To take shelter in a hut.
hut: To stack (sheaves of grain).
age: To grow aged; to become old; to show marks of age.
age: To be viewed or turn out in some way after a certain time has passed.
age: To cause to grow old; to impart the characteristics of age to.
age: To postpone an action that would extinguish something, as a debt.
age: To categorize by age.
age: To indicate that a person has been alive for a certain period of time, especially a long one.
boy: To act as a boy (in allusion to the former practice of boys acting women's parts on the stage).
die: To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
die: followed by of as an indication of direct cause; general use:
die: followed by of as an indication of direct cause; general use
die: To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
die: followed by from as an indication of direct cause; general use, though somewhat more common in the context of medicine or the sciences:
die: followed by from as an indication of direct cause; general use, though somewhat more common in the context of medicine or the sciences
die: To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
die: followed by for; often expressing wider contextual motivations, though sometimes indicating direct causes:
die: followed by for; often expressing wider contextual motivations, though sometimes indicating direct causes
die: To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
die: followed by with as an indication of direct cause:
die: followed by with as an indication of direct cause
die: To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
die: followed by to as an indication of direct cause (like from):
die: followed by to as an indication of direct cause (like from)
die: To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
die: followed by with as an indication of manner:
die: followed by with as an indication of manner
die: To (stop living and) undergo (a specified death).
die: To lose a game.
die: To yearn intensely.
die: To be or become hated or utterly ignored or cut off, as if dead.
die: To become spiritually dead; to lose hope.
die: To be mortified or shocked by a situation.
die: To be so overcome with emotion or laughter as to be incapacitated.
die: To stop working; to break down or otherwise lose "vitality".
die: To abort, to terminate (as an error condition).
die: To expire at the end of the session of a legislature without having been brought to a vote.
die: To perish; to cease to exist; to become lost or extinct.
die: To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish, with weakness, discouragement, love, etc.
die: To become indifferent; to cease to be subject.
die: To disappear gradually in another surface, as where mouldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.
die: To become vapid, flat, or spiritless, as liquor.
die: To fail to evoke laughter from the audience.
die: Obsolete spelling of dye
bap: To hit lightly.
hot: To heat; to make or become hot.
hot: To become lively or exciting.
bam: To impose on (someone) by a falsehood; to cheat.
bam: To jeer or make fun of.
tan: To change to a tan colour due to exposure to the sun.
tan: To change an animal hide into leather by soaking it in tannic acid. To work as a tanner.
tan: To spank or beat.
tan: To kill by gun, to shoot.
del: Abbreviation of delete.
del: abbreviation of delineavit as seen on published artwork, identifying the original artist. Commonly seen in books and articles on topics in natural history
ant: To rub insects, especially ants, on one's body, perhaps to control parasites or clean feathers.
rat: To hunt or kill rats.
rat: To betray a political party, cause or principle; to betray someone, to desert a person or thing.
rat: To work as a scab, going against trade union policies.
rat: To backcomb (hair).
rat: To inform on someone; to betray someone to the police or authorities.
rat: To scratch or score.
rat: To tear, rip, rend.
rat: Damn, drat, blast; used in oaths.
bee: Obsolete spelling of be
bee: past participle of be; been
ray: To emit something as if in rays.
ray: To radiate as if in rays.
ray: To expose to radiation.
ray: To arrange.
ray: To dress, array (someone).
ray: To stain or soil; to defile.
tin: To place into a metal can (ie. a tin; be it tin, steel, aluminum) in order to preserve.
tin: To cover with tin.
tin: To coat with solder
tin: To coat with solder, in preparation for soldering, to ensure a good solder joint
tin: To coat with solder
tin: To coat with solder, in order to consolidate braided wire, so as to make contact with all strands and reduce fragility of the fraying wire
air: To bring (something) into contact with the air, so as to freshen or dry it.
air: To let fresh air into (a room or a building), to ventilate.
air: To give voice to, to make public (an opinion etc.).
air: To discuss varying viewpoints on a given topic.
air: To broadcast (a television show etc.).
air: To be broadcast.
air: To ignore (a person).
air: Pronunciation spelling of are.
pen: To enclose in a pen.
pen: To write (an article, a book, etc.).
dub: (now historical or ceremonial) To confer knighthood; the conclusion of the ceremony was marked by a tap on the shoulder with a sword.
dub: To name, to entitle, to call.
dub: To deem.
dub: To clothe or invest; to ornament; to adorn.
dub: To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.
dub: To dress with an adze.
dub: To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.
dub: To strike cloth with teasels to raise a nap.
dub: To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.
dub: To rub or dress with grease, as leather in the process of currying it.
dub: To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.
dub: To dress a fishing fly.
dub: To prepare (a gamecock) for fighting, by trimming the hackles and cutting off the comb and wattles.
dub: To make a noise by brisk drumbeats.
dub: To do something badly.
dub: To execute a shot poorly.
dub: To add sound to film or change audio on film.
dub: To make a copy from an original or master audio tape.
dub: To replace the original soundtrack of a film with a synchronized translation
dub: To mix audio tracks to produce a new sound; to remix.
dub: To open or close.
gun: To cause to speed up.
gun: To offer vigorous support to (a person or cause).
gun: (gunning for something or gunning to do something) make a great effort.
gun: To seek to attack someone; to take aim at someone; used with for.
gun: To practice fowling or hunting small game; chiefly in participial form: to go gunning.
gun: To masturbate while observing and visible to a corrections officer.
gun: Nonstandard spelling of going to.
son: To produce (i.e. bear, father, beget) a son.
son: To address (someone) as "son".
beg: To request the help of someone, often in the form of money.
beg: To plead with someone for help, a favor, etc.; to entreat.
beg: To unwillingly provoke a negative, often violent, reaction.
beg: To obviously lack or be in need of something.
beg: In the phrase beg the question: to assume.
beg: In the phrase beg the question: to raise (a question).
beg: To ask to be appointed guardian for, or to ask to have a guardian appointed for.
bot: To bugger.
bot: To ask for and be given something with the direct intention of exploiting the thing’s usefulness, almost exclusively with cigarettes.
bot: To use a bot, or automated program.
cry: To shed tears; to weep.
cry: To utter loudly; to call out; to declare publicly.
cry: To shout, scream, yell.
cry: To forcefully attract attention or proclaim one’s presence.
cry: To utter inarticulate sounds, as animals do.
cry: To cause to do something, or bring to some state, by crying or weeping.
cry: To make oral and public proclamation of; to notify or advertise by outcry, especially things lost or found, goods to be sold, auctioned, etc.
cry: Hence, to publish the banns of, as for marriage.
pam: To pan a camera in order to show a panorama.
ail: To cause to suffer; to trouble, afflict. (Now chiefly in interrogative or indefinite constructions.)
ail: To be ill; to suffer; to be troubled.
lam: To beat or thrash.
lam: To flee or run away.
ear: To take in with the ears; to hear.
ear: To hold by the ears.
ear: To put forth ears in growing; to form ears, as grain does.
ear: To plough.
bad: alternative past of bid. See bade.
bad: To shell (a walnut).
god: To idolize.
god: To deify.
hay: To cut grasses or herb plants for use as animal fodder.
hay: To lay snares for rabbits.
did: simple past of do
did: past participle of do; done
eye: To carefully or appraisingly observe (someone or something).
eye: To appear; to look.
eye: To remove the reproductive buds from (potatoes).
eye: To allow (fish eggs) to develop so that the black eye spots are visible.
fed: simple past and past participle of feed
hid: simple past of hide
hid: past participle of hide
axe: To fell or chop with an axe.
axe: To lay off, terminate or drastically reduce, especially in a rough or ruthless manner; to cancel.
axe: To furnish with an axle.
axe: Alternative form of ask
egg: To throw (especially rotten) eggs (noun sense 1.1.1) at (someone or something).
egg: To inadvertently or intentionally distort (the circular cross-section of something, such as tube) to an elliptical or oval shape.
egg: To coat (a food ingredient) with or dip (a food ingredient) in beaten egg (noun sense 1.1.1) during the process of preparing a dish.
egg: To collect the eggs (noun sense 1.1) of wild birds.
egg: To encourage, incite, or urge (someone).
tak: To take.
leg: To remove the legs from an animal carcass.
leg: To build legs onto a platform or stage for support.
leg: To put a series of three or more options strikes into the stock market.
leg: To apply force using the leg (as in 'to leg a horse').
got: Expressing obligation; used with have.
got: Must; have/has (to).
got: Have.
got: simple past of get
got: past participle of get
got: Have; there is.
got: Marks the completive or experiential aspect.
bid: To issue a command; to tell.
bid: To invite; to summon.
bid: To utter a greeting or salutation.
bid: To make an offer to pay or accept a certain price.
bid: To offer as a price.
bid: To make an attempt.
bid: To announce (one's goal), before starting play.
bid: To proclaim (a bede, prayer); to pray.
bid: To take a particular route regularly.
dug: simple past and past participle of dig (replacing earlier digged)
had: simple past and past participle of have
had: Used to form the past perfect tense, expressing an action that took place prior to a reference point that is itself in the past.
had: As past subjunctive: would have.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place for resting or sleeping.
bed: To go to bed; to put oneself to sleep.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place for resting or sleeping.
bed: To place in a bed.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place for resting or sleeping.
bed: To furnish with a bed or bedding.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place for resting or sleeping.
bed: To have sex (with).
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place for resting or sleeping.
bed: Of large game animals: to be at rest.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: To lay or put in any hollow place, or place of rest and security, surrounded or enclosed; to embed.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: To set in a soft matrix, as paving stones in sand, or tiles in cement.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: To set out (plants) in a garden bed.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: To dress or prepare the surface of (stone) so it can serve as a bed.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position.
bed: Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: To settle, as machinery.
lit: simple past and past participle of light (“illuminate; start a fire; etc”)
lit: simple past and past participle of light (“alight: land, come down on”)
lit: To run or light (alight).
lit: To colour; dye.
met: simple past and past participle of meet
met: simple past and past participle of mete (to measure)
met: To dream; to occur (to one) in a dream.
sic: To mark with a bracketed sic.
sic: To incite an attack by, especially a dog or dogs.
sic: To set upon; to chase; to attack.
art: second-person singular simple present indicative of be
law: To work as a lawyer; to practice law.
law: To prosecute or sue (someone), to litigate.
law: To rule over (with a certain effect) by law; to govern.
law: To enforce the law.
law: To subject to legal restrictions.
pin: To fasten or attach (something) with a pin.
pin: To cause (a piece) to be in a pin.
pin: To pin down (someone).
pin: To enclose; to confine; to pen; to pound.
pin: To attach (an icon, application, message etc.) to another item so that it persists.
pin: To fix (an array in memory, a security certificate, etc.) so that it cannot be modified.
pin: To cause an analog gauge to reach the stop pin at the high end of the range.
pin: Alternative form of peen
dig: To move hard-packed earth out of the way, especially downward to make a hole with a shovel. Or to drill, or the like, through rocks, roads, or the like. More generally, to make any similar hole by moving material out of the way.
dig: To get by digging; to take from the ground; often with up.
dig: To take ore from its bed, in distinction from making excavations in search of ore.
dig: To work like a digger; to study ploddingly and laboriously.
dig: To investigate, to research, often followed by out or up.
dig: To thrust; to poke.
dig: To defend against an attack hit by the opposing team by successfully passing the ball
dig: To understand.
dig: To appreciate, or like.
oar: To row; to travel with, or as if with, oars.
bet: To stake or pledge upon the outcome of an event; to wager.
bet: To be sure of something; to be able to count on something.
bet: To place money into the pot in order to require others do the same, usually only used for the first person to place money in the pot on each round.
led: simple past and past participle of lead
mow: To cut down grass or crops.
mow: To cut down or slaughter in great numbers.
mow: To make grimaces, mock.
mow: To put into mows.
eat: To ingest; to be ingested.
eat: To consume (something solid or semi-solid, usually food) by putting it into the mouth and swallowing it.
eat: To ingest; to be ingested.
eat: To consume a meal.
eat: To ingest; to be ingested.
eat: To be eaten.
eat: To ingest; to be ingested.
eat: To have a particular quality of diet; to be well-fed or underfed (typically as "eat healthy" or "eat good").
eat: To use up.
eat: To destroy, consume, or use up.
eat: To use up.
eat: To consume (an exception, an event, etc.) so that other parts of the program do not receive it.
eat: To use up.
eat: To damage, destroy, or fail to eject a removable part or an inserted object.
eat: To use up.
eat: To consume money (or other instruments of value, such as a token) deposited or inserted by a user, while failing to either provide the intended product or service or return the payment.
eat: To cause (someone) to worry.
eat: To take the loss in a transaction.
eat: To be injured or killed by (something such as a firearm or its projectile), especially in the mouth.
eat: To corrode or erode.
eat: To perform oral sex (on a person or body part).
eat: To be very good; to rule; to rock.
eat: To annex.
rid: To free (something) from a hindrance or annoyance.
rid: To banish.
rid: To kill.
rid: simple past and past participle of ride
oil: To lubricate with oil.
oil: To grease with oil for cooking.
let: To allow to, not to prevent (+ infinitive, but usually without to).
let: To allow to be or do without interference; to not disturb or meddle with; to leave (someone or something) alone.
let: To allow the release of (a fluid).
let: To allow possession of (a property etc.) in exchange for rent.
let: To give, grant, or assign, as a work, privilege, or contract; often with out.
let: Used to introduce a first or third person imperative verb construction.
let: To cause (+ bare infinitive).
let: 1818, John Keats, To—
let: Time's sea hath been five years at its slow ebb, / Long hours have to and fro let creep the sand[…].
let: To hinder, prevent, impede, hamper, cumber; to obstruct (someone or something).
let: To prevent someone from doing something; also to prevent something from happening.
let: To tarry or delay.
lay: To place down in a position of rest, or in a horizontal position.
lay: To cause to subside or abate.
lay: To prepare (a plan, project etc.); to set out, establish (a law, principle).
lay: To install certain building materials, laying one thing on top of another.
lay: To produce and deposit an egg.
lay: To bet (that something is or is not the case).
lay: To deposit (a stake) as a wager; to stake; to risk.
lay: To have sex with.
lay: To state; to allege.
lay: To point; to aim.
lay: To put the strands of (a rope, a cable, etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them.
lay: To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.
lay: To place (new type) properly in the cases.
lay: To apply; to put.
lay: To impose (a burden, punishment, command, tax, etc.).
lay: To impute; to charge; to allege.
lay: To present or offer.
lay: To take a position; to come or go.
lay: To lie: to rest in a horizontal position on a surface.
lay: simple past of lie (etymology 1)
lay: To don or put on (tefillin (phylacteries)).
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To perform an incision on, for example with a knife.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To divide with a knife, scissors, or another sharp instrument.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To form or shape by cutting.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To wound with a knife.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To engage in self-harm by making cuts in one's own skin.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To deliver a stroke with a whip or like instrument to.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To wound or hurt deeply the sensibilities of; to pierce.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To castrate or geld.
cut: To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
cut: To interfere, as a horse; to strike one foot against the opposite foot or ankle in using the legs.
cut: To admit of incision or severance; to yield to a cutting instrument.
cut: To separate, remove, reject or reduce.
cut: To separate or omit, in a situation where one was previously associated.
cut: To separate, remove, reject or reduce.
cut: To abridge or shorten a work; to remove a portion of a recording during editing.
cut: To separate, remove, reject or reduce.
cut: To reduce, especially intentionally.
cut: To separate, remove, reject or reduce.
cut: To absent oneself from (a class, an appointment, etc.).
cut: To ignore as a social rebuff or snub.
cut: To make an abrupt transition from one scene or image to another.
cut: To edit a film by selecting takes from original footage.
cut: To remove (text, a picture, etc.) and place in memory in order to paste at a later time.
cut: To enter a queue in the wrong place.
cut: To intersect or cross in such a way as to divide in half or nearly so.
cut: To make the ball spin sideways by running one's fingers down the side of the ball while bowling it.
cut: To deflect (a bowled ball) to the off, with a chopping movement of the bat.
cut: To change direction suddenly.
cut: To divide a pack of playing cards into two.
cut: To make, to negotiate, to conclude.
cut: To dilute or adulterate something, especially a recreational drug.
cut: To exhibit (a quality).
cut: To stop, disengage, or cease.
cut: To drive (a ball) to one side, as by (in billiards or croquet) hitting it fine with another ball, or (in tennis) striking it with the racket inclined.
cut: To lose body mass, aiming to keep muscle but lose body fat.
cut: To perform (a dancing movement etc.).
ran: simple past of run
ran: simple past of rin
ran: past participle of run
lie: To rest in a horizontal position on a surface.
lie: To be placed or situated.
lie: To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition.
lie: Used with in: to be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist.
lie: Used with with: to have sexual relations with.
lie: Used with on/upon: to be incumbent (on); to be the responsibility of a person.
lie: To lodge; to sleep.
lie: To be still or quiet, like one lying down to rest.
lie: To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained.
lie: To give false information intentionally with intent to deceive.
lie: To convey a false image or impression.
lie: To be mistaken or unintentionally spread false information.
sat: simple past and past participle of sit
bog: To sink or submerge someone or something into bogland.
bog: To prevent or slow someone or something from making progress.
bog: To sink and stick in bogland.
bog: To be prevented or impeded from making progress, to become stuck.
bog: To defecate, to void one's bowels.
bog: To cover or spray with excrement.
bog: To make a mess of something.
bog: To provoke, to bug.
bog: To go away.
bog: To perform excessive cosmetic surgery that results in a bizarre or obviously artificial facial appearance. See also botched.
bog: To have excessive cosmetic surgery performed on oneself, often with a poor or conspicuously unnatural result.
you: To address (a person) using the pronoun you (in the past, especially to use you rather than thou, when you was considered more formal).
sew: To use a needle to pass thread repeatedly through (pieces of fabric) in order to join them together.
sew: To use a needle to pass thread repeatedly through pieces of fabric in order to join them together.
sew: Followed by into: to enclose by sewing.
sew: To drain the water from.
sew: Of a ship, to be grounded.
why: To ask (someone) the question "why?".
get: To obtain; to acquire.
get: To receive.
get: To have. See usage notes.
get: To fetch, bring, take.
get: To become, or cause oneself to become.
get: To cause to become; to bring about.
get: To cause to do.
get: To cause to come or go or move.
get: To adopt, assume, arrive at, or progress towards (a certain position, location, state).
get: To cover (a certain distance) while travelling.
get: To begin (doing something or to do something).
get: To take or catch (a scheduled transportation service).
get: To respond to (a telephone call, a doorbell, etc).
get: To be able, be permitted, or have the opportunity (to do something desirable or ironically implied to be desirable).
get: To understand. (compare get it)
get: To be told; be the recipient of (a question, comparison, opinion, etc.).
get: To be. Used to form the passive of verbs.
get: To become ill with or catch (a disease).
get: To catch out, trick successfully.
get: To perplex, stump.
get: To find as an answer.
get: To bring to reckoning; to catch (as a criminal); to effect retribution.
get: To hear completely; catch.
get: To getter.
get: To beget (of a father).
get: To learn; to commit to memory; to memorize; sometimes with out.
get: Used with a personal pronoun to indicate that someone is being pretentious or grandiose.
get: To go, to leave; to scram.
get: To kill.
get: To make acquisitions; to gain; to profit.
get: To measure.
get: To cause someone to laugh.
rod: To reinforce concrete with metal rods.
rod: To furnish with rods, especially lightning rods.
rod: To penetrate sexually.
rod: To hot rod.
won: simple past and past participle of win
won: To live, remain.
won: To be accustomed to do something.
bib: To dress (somebody) in a bib.
bib: To drink heartily; to tipple.
bib: To beep (e.g. a car horn).
wed: To perform the marriage ceremony for; to join in matrimony.
wed: To take as one's spouse.
wed: To take a spouse.
wed: To take each other as a spouse.
wed: To join or commit to, more or less permanently, as if in marriage.
wed: To take to oneself and support; to espouse.
wed: To wager, stake, bet, place a bet, make a wager.
bug: To annoy.
bug: To act suspiciously or irrationally, especially in a way that annoys others.
bug: To install an electronic listening device or devices in.
bug: To bulge or protrude.
fit: To be suitable for.
fit: To have sufficient space available at some location to be able to be there.
fit: To conform to in size and shape.
fit: To be of the right size and shape
fit: To make conform in size and shape.
fit: To make conform in size and shape.
fit: To tailor; to change to the appropriate size.
fit: To be in agreement with.
fit: To adjust.
fit: To attach, especially when requiring exact positioning or sizing.
fit: To equip or supply.
fit: To make ready.
fit: To be seemly.
fit: To be proper or becoming.
fit: To be in harmony.
fit: To suffer a fit.
fit: simple past and past participle of fight; fought.
sot: To drink until one becomes drunk
sot: To stupefy; to infatuate; to besot.
sit: To be in a position in which the upper body is upright and supported by the buttocks.
sit: To move oneself into such a position.
sit: To occupy a given position.
sit: To remain in a state of repose; to rest; to abide; to rest in any position or condition.
sit: To be a member of a deliberative body.
sit: Of a legislative or, especially, a judicial body such as a court, to be in session.
sit: To lie, rest, or bear; to press or weigh.
sit: To be adjusted; to fit.
sit: To be accepted or acceptable; to work.
sit: To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to.
sit: To accommodate in seats; to seat.
sit: To babysit.
sit: To take, to undergo or complete (an examination or test).
sit: To cover and warm eggs for hatching, as a fowl; to brood; to incubate.
sit: To take a position for the purpose of having some artistic representation of oneself made, such as a picture or a bust.
sit: To have position, as at the point blown from; to hold a relative position; to have direction.
sit: To keep one's seat when faced with (a blow, attack); to endure, to put up with.
saw: To cut (something) with a saw.
saw: To make a motion back and forth similar to cutting something with a saw.
saw: To be cut with a saw.
saw: To form or produce (something) by cutting with a saw.
saw: simple past of see
saw: past participle of see
pay: To give money or other compensation to in exchange for goods or services.
pay: To discharge, as a debt or other obligation, by giving or doing what is due or required.
pay: To be profitable for.
pay: To give (something else than money).
pay: To be profitable or worth the effort.
pay: To discharge an obligation or debt.
pay: To suffer consequences.
pay: To admit that a joke, punchline, etc., was funny.
pay: To cover (the bottom of a vessel, a seam, a spar, etc.) with tar or pitch, or a waterproof composition of tallow, resin, etc.; to smear.
kek: To laugh.
bag: To put into a bag.
bag: To take with oneself, to assume into one's score
bag: To catch or kill, especially when fishing or hunting.
bag: To take with oneself, to assume into one's score
bag: To gain possession of something, or to make first claim on something.
bag: To take with oneself, to assume into one's score
bag: To steal.
bag: To take with oneself, to assume into one's score
bag: To take a woman away with one as a romantic or sexual interest.
bag: To take with oneself, to assume into one's score
bag: To arrest.
bag: To furnish or load with a bag.
bag: To provide with artificial ventilation via a bag valve mask (BVM) resuscitator.
bag: To furnish or load with a bag.
bag: To fit with a bag to collect urine.
bag: To expose exterior shape or physical behaviour resembling that of a bag
bag: To (cause to) swell or hang down like a full bag.
bag: To expose exterior shape or physical behaviour resembling that of a bag
bag: To hang like an empty bag.
bag: To expose exterior shape or physical behaviour resembling that of a bag
bag: To drop away from the correct course.
bag: To expose exterior shape or physical behaviour resembling that of a bag
bag: To become pregnant.
bag: To forget, ignore, or get rid of.
bag: To laugh uncontrollably.
bag: To criticise sarcastically.
ban: To summon; to call out.
ban: To anathematize; to pronounce an ecclesiastical curse upon; to place under a ban.
ban: To curse; to execrate.
ban: To prohibit; to interdict; to proscribe; to forbid or block from participation.
ban: To curse; to utter curses or maledictions.
fly: To travel through the air, another gas, or a vacuum, without being in contact with a grounded surface.
fly: To flee, to escape (from).
fly: To cause to fly (travel or float in the air): to transport via air or the like.
fly: To travel or proceed very fast; to hasten.
fly: To move suddenly, or with violence; to do an act suddenly or swiftly.
fly: To proceed with great success.
fly: To be accepted, come about or work out.
fly: To display (a flag) on a flagpole.
fly: To hunt with a hawk.
fly: To be in the winged adult stage.
fly: To hit a fly ball; to hit a fly ball that is caught for an out. Compare ground (verb) and line (verb).
put: To place something somewhere.
put: To bring or set into a certain relation, state or condition.
put: To exercise a put option.
put: To express something in a certain manner.
put: To throw a heavy iron ball, as a sport. (See shot put. Do not confuse with putt.)
put: To steer; to direct one's course; to go.
put: To play a card or a hand in the game called put.
put: To attach or attribute; to assign.
put: To lay down; to give up; to surrender.
put: To set before one for judgment, acceptance, or rejection; to bring to the attention.
put: To incite; to entice; to urge; to constrain; to oblige.
put: To convey coal in the mine, as for example from the working to the tramway.
sog: To soak, steep or saturate.
sog: To be soaked, steeped or saturated.
nit: To have the modus vivendi of a drug addict, to live the life of a nitty.
wet: To cover or impregnate with liquid.
wet: To make or become wet.
wet: To make (oneself, clothing, a bed, etc.) wet by accidental urination.
wet: To form an intermetallic bond between a solder and a metal substrate.
wet: To celebrate by drinking alcohol.
wet: Misspelling of whet.
wet: To kill or seriously injure.
dry: To lose moisture.
dry: To remove moisture from.
dry: To exhaust; to cause to run dry.
dry: For an actor to forget his or her lines while performing.
owl: To smuggle contraband goods.
tit: To strike lightly, tap, pat.
tit: To taunt, to reproach.
rim: To form a rim on.
rim: To follow the contours, possibly creating a circuit.
rim: To roll around a rim.
rim: To lick the anus of a partner as a sexual act; to perform anilingus.
ice: To become ice; to freeze.
ice: To cool with ice, as a beverage.
ice: To make icy; to freeze.
ice: To cover with icing (frosting made of sugar and milk or white of egg); to frost; as cakes, tarts, etc.
ice: To put out a team for a match.
ice: To shoot the puck the length of the playing surface, causing a stoppage in play called icing.
ice: To murder.
lig: To lie; be in a prostrate or recumbent position.
lig: To lay.
ash: To reduce to a residue of ash. See ashing.
ash: To hit the end off of a burning cigar or cigarette.
ash: To hit the end off (a burning cigar or cigarette).
ash: To cover newly-sown fields of crops with ashes.
act: To do something.
act: To do (something); to perform.
act: To perform a theatrical role.
act: Of a play: to be acted out (well or badly).
act: To behave in a certain manner for an indefinite length of time.
act: To convey an appearance of being.
act: To do something that causes a change binding on the doer.
act: To have an effect (on).
act: To play (a role).
act: To feign.
act: To carry out work as a legal representative in relation to a particular legal matter.
act: To map via a homomorphism to a group of automorphisms (of).
act: To move to action; to actuate; to animate.
act: To enact; to decree.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To move forward quickly upon two feet by alternately making a short jump off either foot. (Compare walk.)
run: To move swiftly.
run: To go at a fast pace; to move quickly.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To cause to move quickly or lightly.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To compete in a race.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To transport someone or something, notionally at a brisk pace.
run: To move swiftly.
run: Of a means of transportation: to travel (a route).
run: To move swiftly.
run: To transit a length of a river, as in whitewater rafting.
run: To move swiftly.
run: Of fish, to migrate for spawning.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To carry (a football) down the field, as opposed to passing or kicking.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To achieve or perform by running or as if by running.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To flee from a danger or towards help.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To pass (without stopping), typically a stop signal, stop sign, or duty to yield the right of way.
run: To move swiftly.
run: To juggle a pattern continuously, as opposed to starting and stopping quickly.
run: To flow.
run: Of a liquid, to flow.
run: To flow.
run: To move or spread quickly.
run: To flow.
run: Of an object, to have a liquid flowing from it.
run: To flow.
run: To make a liquid flow; to make liquid flow from or into an object.
run: To flow.
run: To become liquid; to melt.
run: To flow.
run: To leak or spread in an undesirable fashion; to bleed (especially used of dye or paint).
run: To flow.
run: To fuse; to shape; to mould; to cast.
run: To sail before the wind, in distinction from reaching or sailing close-hauled.
run: To control or manage; to be in charge of.
run: To be a candidate in an election.
run: To make participate in certain kinds of competitions.
run: To make run in a race.
run: To make participate in certain kinds of competitions.
run: To make run in an election.
run: To exert continuous activity; to proceed.
run: To be presented in the media.
run: To print or broadcast in the media.
run: To smuggle (illegal goods).
run: To sort through a large volume of produce in quality control.
run: To extend or persist, statically or dynamically, through space or time.
run: To extend in space or through a range (often with a measure phrase).
run: To extend or persist, statically or dynamically, through space or time.
run: To extend in time, to last, to continue (usually with a measure phrase).
run: To extend or persist, statically or dynamically, through space or time.
run: To make something extend in space.
run: To extend or persist, statically or dynamically, through space or time.
run: Of a machine, including computer programs, to be operating or working normally.
run: To extend or persist, statically or dynamically, through space or time.
run: To make a machine operate.
run: To execute or carry out a plan, procedure, or program.
run: To pass or go quickly in thought or conversation.
run: To become different in a way mentioned (usually to become worse).
run: To cost a large amount of money.
run: Of stitches or stitched clothing, to unravel.
run: To cause stitched clothing to unravel.
run: To pursue in thought; to carry in contemplation.
run: To cause to enter; to thrust.
run: To drive or force; to cause, or permit, to be driven.
run: To cause to be drawn; to mark out; to indicate; to determine.
run: To encounter or incur (a danger or risk).
run: To put at hazard; to venture; to risk.
run: To tease with sarcasms and ridicule.
run: To sew (a seam) by passing the needle through material in a continuous line, generally taking a series of stitches on the needle at the same time.
run: To control or have precedence in a card game.
run: To be in form thus, as a combination of words.
run: To be popularly known; to be generally received.
run: To have growth or development.
run: To tend, as to an effect or consequence; to incline.
run: To have a legal course; to be attached; to continue in force, effect, or operation; to follow; to go in company.
run: To encounter or suffer (a particular, usually bad, fate or misfortune).
run: To strike (the ball) in such a way as to cause it to run along the ground, as when approaching a hole.
run: To speedrun.
run: To eject from a game or match.
run: past participle of rin
wow: To amaze or awe.
ram: To collide with (an object), usually with the intention of damaging it or disabling its function.
ram: To strike (something) hard, especially with an implement.
ram: To seat a cartridge, projectile, or propellant charge in the breech of a firearm by pushing or striking.
ram: To force, cram or thrust (someone or something) into or through something.
ram: To fill or compact by pounding or driving.
ram: To thrust during sexual intercourse.
fox: To trick, fool or outwit (someone) by cunning or ingenuity.
fox: To confuse or baffle (someone).
fox: To act slyly or craftily.
fox: To discolour paper. Fox marks are spots on paper caused by humidity. (See foxing.)
fox: To make sour, as beer, by causing it to ferment.
fox: To turn sour; said of beer, etc., when it sours in fermenting.
fox: To intoxicate; to stupefy with drink.
fox: To repair (boots) with new front upper leather, or to piece the upper fronts of.
rin: To run.
set: To put (something) down, to rest.
set: To attach or affix (something) to something else, or in or upon a certain place.
set: To put in a specified condition or state; to cause to be.
set: To start (a fire).
set: To cause to stop or stick; to obstruct; to fasten to a spot.
set: To determine or settle.
set: To adjust.
set: To punch (a nail) into wood so that its head is below the surface.
set: To arrange with dishes and cutlery, to set the table.
set: To introduce or describe.
set: simple past and past participle of set To locate (a play, etc.); to assign a backdrop to, geographically or temporally.
set: simple past and past participle of set To compile, to make (a puzzle or challenge).
set: To prepare (a stage or film set).
set: To fit (someone) up in a situation.
set: To arrange (type).
set: To devise and assign (work) to.
set: To direct (the ball) to a teammate for an attack.
set: To solidify.
set: To render stiff or solid; especially, to convert into curd; to curdle.
set: Of a heavenly body, to disappear below the horizon of a planet, etc, as the latter rotates.
set: To defeat a contract.
set: To begin to move; to go forth.
set: To produce after pollination.
set: To be fixed for growth; to strike root; to begin to germinate or form.
set: To sit (be in a seated position).
set: To rest or lie somewhere, on something, etc.; to occupy a certain place.
set: To hunt game with the aid of a setter.
set: Of a dog, to indicate the position of game.
set: To apply oneself; to undertake earnestly.
set: To fit music to words.
set: To place plants or shoots in the ground; to plant.
set: To become fixed or rigid; to be fastened.
set: To have a certain direction of motion; to flow; to move on; to tend.
set: To acknowledge a dancing partner by facing him or her and moving first to one side and then to the other, while she or he does the opposite.
set: To place or fix in a setting.
set: To put in order in a particular manner; to prepare.
set: To extend and bring into position; to spread.
set: To give a pitch to, as a tune; to start by fixing the keynote.
set: To reduce from a dislocated or fractured state.
set: To lower into place and fix solidly, as the blocks of cut stone in a structure.
set: To wager in gambling; to risk.
set: To adorn with something infixed or affixed; to stud; to variegate with objects placed here and there.
set: To value; to rate; used with at.
set: To establish as a rule; to furnish; to prescribe; to assign.
set: To suit; to become.
set: To divide a class group in a subject according to ability
bat: To hit with a bat or (figuratively) as if with a bat.
bat: To take a turn at hitting a ball with a bat in sports like cricket, baseball and softball, as opposed to fielding.
bat: To strike or swipe as though with a bat.
bat: To bate or flutter, as a hawk.
bat: To flutter
bat: To wink.
bat: To flit quickly from place to place.
cf.: Compare, compare to, compare with.
cf.: see, see also
sap: To drain, suck or absorb from (tree, etc.).
sap: To exhaust the vitality of.
sap: To strike with a sap (with a blackjack).
sap: To subvert by digging or wearing away; to mine; to undermine; to destroy the foundation of.
sap: To pierce with saps.
sap: To make unstable or infirm; to unsettle; to weaken.
sap: To gradually weaken.
sap: To proceed by mining, or by secretly undermining; to execute saps.
end: To come to an end.
end: To conclude; to bring something to an end.
end: To finish, terminate.
CEO: To serve as the chief executive officer (CEO) of an organization or company.
low: To lower; to make low.
low: simple past of laugh.
low: To moo.
low: To burn; to blaze.
low: Alternative form of 'low
hit: To strike.
hit: To administer a blow to, directly or with a weapon or missile.
hit: To strike.
hit: To come into contact with forcefully and suddenly.
hit: To strike.
hit: To strike against something.
hit: To strike.
hit: To activate a button or key by pressing and releasing it.
hit: To strike.
hit: To kill a person, usually on the instructions of a third party.
hit: To strike.
hit: To attack, especially amphibiously.
hit: To strike.
hit: To affect someone, as if dealing a blow to that person.
hit: To manage to touch (a target) in the right place.
hit: To switch on.
hit: To briefly visit.
hit: To encounter an obstacle or other difficulty.
hit: To attain, to achieve.
hit: To reach or achieve.
hit: To attain, to achieve.
hit: To meet or reach what was aimed at or desired; to succeed, often by luck.
hit: To attain, to achieve.
hit: To guess; to light upon or discover.
hit: To affect negatively.
hit: To attack.
hit: To make a play.
hit: In blackjack, to deal a card to.
hit: To make a play.
hit: To come up to bat.
hit: To make a play.
hit: To take up, or replace by a piece belonging to the opposing player; said of a single unprotected piece on a point.
hit: To use; to connect to.
hit: To have sex with.
hit: To inhale an amount of smoke from a narcotic substance, particularly marijuana.
hit: (of an exercise) to affect, to work a body part.
hit: to work out
ebb: to flow back or recede
ebb: to fall away or decline
ebb: to fish with stakes and nets that serve to prevent the fish from getting back into the sea with the ebb
ebb: To cause to flow back.
Jew: To make (more) Jewish.
Jew: To haggle or swindle in order to obtain a better deal from.
pig: To give birth.
pig: To greedily consume (especially food).
pig: To huddle or lie together like pigs, in one bed.
pig: To live together in a crowded filthy manner.
pig: To clean (a pipeline) using a pig (the device).
dew: To wet with, or as if with, dew; to moisten.
fog: To become covered with or as if with fog.
fog: To become obscured in condensation or water.
fog: To become dim or obscure.
fog: To make dim or obscure.
fog: To spoil (film) via exposure to light other than in the normal process of taking a photograph.
fog: To cover with or as if with fog.
fog: To disperse insecticide into (a forest canopy) so as to collect organisms.
fog: To obscure in condensation or water.
fog: To make confusing or obscure.
fog: To pasture cattle on the fog (of), or aftergrass, of; to eat off the fog from (a field).
fog: To become covered with the kind of grass called fog.
fog: To practice in a small or mean way; to pettifog.
gem: To adorn with, or as if with, gems.
mop: To rub, scrub, clean or wipe with a mop, or as if with a mop.
mop: To shoplift.
mop: To make a wry expression with the mouth.
key: To fit (a lock) with a key.
key: To fit (pieces of a mechanical assembly) with a key to maintain the orientation between them.
key: To mark or indicate with a symbol indicating membership in a class.
key: To depress (a telegraph key).
key: To operate (the transmitter switch of a two-way radio).
key: (more usually to key in) To enter (information) by typing on a keyboard or keypad.
key: To vandalize (a car, etc.) by scratching with an implement such as a key.
key: To link (as one might do with a key or legend).
key: To be identified as a certain taxon when using a key.
key: To modify (an advertisement) so as to target a particular group or demographic.
key: To attune to; to set at; to pitch.
key: To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges.
key: To prepare for plastering by adding the key (that part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place).
key: To provide an arch with a keystone.
kin: To identify with; as in spiritually connect to a fictional or non-fictional being.
kin: Pronunciation spelling of can.
pub: To go to one or more public houses.
pub: to publish
box: To place inside a box; to pack in one or more boxes.
box: Usually followed by in: to surround and enclose in a way that restricts movement; to corner, to hem in.
box: To mix two containers of paint of similar colour to ensure that the color is identical.
box: To make an incision or hole in (a tree) for the purpose of procuring the sap.
box: To enclose with boarding, lathing, etc., so as to conceal (for example, pipes) or to bring to a required form.
box: To furnish (for example, the axle of a wheel) with a box.
box: To enclose (images, text, etc.) in a box.
box: To place a value of a primitive type into a casing object.
box: To strike with the fists; to punch.
box: To fight against (a person) in a boxing match.
box: To participate in boxing; to be a boxer.
nut: To gather nuts.
nut: To hit deliberately with the head; to headbutt.
nut: To orgasm; to ejaculate.
nut: To hit in the testicles.
nut: To defeat thoroughly.
hem: To make the sound expressed by the word hem; to hesitate in speaking.
hem: To make a hem.
hem: To put hem on an article of clothing, to edge or put a border on something.
hem: To shut in, enclose, confine; to surround something or someone in a confining way.
pet: To stroke or fondle (an animal).
pet: To stroke or fondle (another person) amorously.
pet: To treat as a pet; to fondle; to indulge.
pet: To be a pet.
pet: To be peevish; to sulk.
far: To send far away.
arm: To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms.
arm: To supply with armour or (later especially) weapons.
arm: To supply with the equipment, knowledge, authority, or other tools needed for a particular task; to furnish with capability; to equip.
arm: To prepare (a tool, weapon, or system) for action; to activate.
arm: To become prepared for action; to activate.
arm: To cover or furnish with a plate, or with whatever will add strength, force, security, or efficiency.
arm: To take up weapons; to arm oneself.
arm: To fit (a magnet) with an armature.
sin: To commit a sin.
man: To supply (something) with staff or crew (of either sex).
man: To take up position in order to operate (something).
man: To brace (oneself), to fortify or steel (oneself) in a manly way. (Compare man up.)
man: To wait on, attend to or escort.
man: To accustom (a raptor or other type of bird) to the presence of people.
wee: To urinate.
jag: To cut unevenly.
jag: To tease.
w/o: Abbreviation of write off.
cop: To obtain, to purchase (as in drugs), to get hold of, to take.
cop: To (be forced to) take; to receive; to shoulder; to bear, especially blame or punishment for a particular instance of wrongdoing.
cop: To see and record a railway locomotive for the first time.
cop: To steal.
cop: To adopt.
cop: To admit, especially to a crime or wrongdoing.
cop: Of a pimp: to recruit a prostitute into the stable.
ham: To overact; to act with exaggerated emotions.
sir: To address (someone) using "sir".
rot: To suffer decomposition due to biological action, especially by fungi or bacteria.
rot: To decline in function or utility.
rot: To (cause to) deteriorate in any way, as in morals; to corrupt.
rot: To make putrid; to cause to be wholly or partially decomposed by natural processes.
rot: To spend a long period of time (in an unpleasant place).
rot: To expose, as flax, to a process of maceration, etc., for the purpose of separating the fiber; to ret.
rot: To talk nonsense.
elf: To twist into elflocks (of hair); to mat.
moo: Of a cow or bull, to make its characteristic lowing sound.
con: To study or examine carefully, especially in order to gain knowledge of; to learn, or learn by heart.
con: To know; understand; acknowledge.
con: To trick or defraud, usually for personal gain.
con: Alternative form of conn (“direct a ship”)
ft.: Abbreviation of featuring (used to introduce guest performer(s) on a musical recording)
XXX: To delete; to cross out, especially to conceal or suggest vulgar language.
wok: To prepare oriental cuisine using a wok.
dag: To shear the hindquarters of a sheep in order to remove dags or prevent their formation.
dag: To sully; to make dirty; to bemire.
dag: To skewer food, for roasting over a fire
dag: To cut or slash the edge of a garment into dags
dag: To be misty; to drizzle.
fag: To make exhausted, tired out.
fag: To droop; to tire.
fag: (of a younger student) To act as a servant for senior students in many British boarding schools.
fag: To have (a younger student) act as a servant in this way.
fag: To work hard, especially on menial chores.
dam: To block the flow of water.
bus: To transport via a motor bus.
bus: To transport students to school, often to a more distant school for the purposes of achieving racial integration.
bus: To travel by bus.
bus: To clear meal remains from.
bus: To work at clearing the remains of meals from tables or counters; to work as a busboy.
vat: To put into a vat.
vat: To blend (wines or spirits) in a vat; figuratively, to mix or blend elements as if with wines or spirits.
sex: To determine the sex of (an animal).
sex: To have sex with.
sex: To have sex.
gut: To eviscerate.
gut: To remove or destroy the most important parts of.
gut: To dishearten; to crush (the spirits of).
wan: simple past of win.
tar: To coat with tar.
tar: To besmirch.
tar: To create a tar archive.
jip: Alternative form of gyp
jib: To shift, or swing around, as a sail, boom, yard, etc., as in tacking.
jib: To stop and refuse to go forward (usually of a horse).
jib: To stop doing something, to become reluctant to proceed with an activity.
pot: To put (something) into a pot.
pot: To preserve by bottling or canning.
pot: To cause a ball to fall into a pocket.
pot: To be capable of being potted.
pot: To shoot with a firearm.
pot: To take a pot shot, or haphazard shot, with a firearm.
pot: To secure; gain; win; bag.
pot: To send someone to gaol, expeditiously.
pot: To tipple; to drink.
pot: To drain (e.g. sugar of the molasses) in a perforated cask.
pot: To seat a person, usually a young child, on a potty or toilet, typically during toilet teaching.
pot: To apply a plaster cast to a broken limb.
pot: To catch (a fish, eel, etc) via a pot.
pot: To score (a drop goal).
pot: To fade volume in or out by means of a potentiometer.
jet: To spray out of a container.
jet: To spray with liquid from a container.
jet: To travel on a jet aircraft or otherwise by jet propulsion
jet: To move (running, walking etc.) rapidly around
jet: To shoot forward or out; to project; to jut out.
jet: To strut; to walk with a lofty or haughty gait; to be insolent; to obtrude.
jet: To jerk; to jolt; to be shaken.
jet: To adjust the fuel to air ratio of a carburetor; to install or adjust a carburetor jet
jet: To leave; depart.
ons: third-person singular simple present indicative of on
own: To have rightful possession of (property, goods or capital); to have legal title to; to acquire a property or asset.
own: To have recognized political sovereignty over a place, territory, as distinct from the ordinary connotation of property ownership.
own: To defeat or embarrass; to overwhelm.
own: To virtually or figuratively enslave.
own: To defeat, dominate, or be above, also spelled pwn.
own: To illicitly obtain superuser or root access to a computer system, thereby having access to all of the user files on that system; pwn.
own: To be very good.
own: To admit, concede, grant, allow, acknowledge, confess; not to deny.
own: To admit; concede; acknowledge.
own: To proudly acknowledge; to not be ashamed or embarrassed of.
own: To take responsibility for.
own: To recognise; acknowledge.
own: To claim as one's own.
own: To confess.
ply: To bend; to fold; to mould; (figuratively) to adapt, to modify; to change (a person's) mind, to cause (a person) to submit.
ply: To bend, to flex; to be bent by something, to give way or yield (to a force, etc.).
ply: To work at (something) diligently.
ply: To wield or use (a tool, a weapon, etc.) steadily or vigorously.
ply: To press upon; to urge persistently.
ply: To persist in offering something to, especially for the purpose of inducement or persuasion.
ply: To travel over (a route) regularly.
ply: To work diligently.
ply: To manoeuvre a sailing vessel so that the direction of the wind changes from one side of the vessel to the other; to work to windward, to beat, to tack.
way: To travel.
bow: To play music on (a stringed) instrument using a bow.
bow: To become bent or curved.
bow: To make something bend or curve.
bow: To exercise powerful or controlling influence over; to bend, figuratively; to turn; to incline.
bow: To humble or subdue, to make submit.
bow: To bend oneself as a gesture of respect or deference.
bow: To debut.
bow: To defer (to something).
bow: To give a direction, indication, or command to by bowing.
pun: To beat; strike with force; to ram; to pound, as in a mortar; reduce to powder, to pulverize.
pun: To make or tell a pun; to make a play on words.
pop: To make a pop, or sharp, quick sound.
pop: To burst (something) with a popping sound.
pop: To enter, or issue forth, with a quick, sudden movement; to move from place to place suddenly; to dart.
pop: To place (something) (somewhere); to move or position (something) with a short movement.
pop: To make a short trip or visit.
pop: To stand out; to be distinctive to the senses.
pop: To hit (something or someone).
pop: To shoot (usually somebody) with a firearm.
pop: To ejaculate; to orgasm.
pop: To remove (a data item) from the top of a stack.
pop: To give birth.
pop: To pawn (something) (to raise money).
pop: To swallow or consume (especially a tablet of a drug, sometimes extended to other small items such as sweets or candy).
pop: To perform (a move or stunt) while riding a board or vehicle.
pop: To undergo equalization of pressure when the Eustachian tubes open.
pop: To perform the popping style of dance.
pop: To arrest.
lux: To dislocate; to luxate.
tap: To furnish with taps.
tap: To draw off liquid from a vessel.
tap: To deplete, especially of a liquid via a tap; to tap out.
tap: To exploit.
tap: To place a listening or recording device on a telephone or wired connection.
tap: To intercept a communication without authority.
tap: To cut an internal screw thread.
tap: To turn or flip a card or playing piece to remind players that it has already been used that turn (by analogy to "tapping," in the sense of drawing on to the point of temporary exhaustion, the resources or abilities represented by the card).
tap: To cadge, borrow or beg.
tap: To drain off fluid by paracentesis.
tap: To advance someone for a post or job, or for membership of a club.
tap: To arrest.
tap: To strike lightly.
tap: To touch one's finger, foot, or other body parts on a surface (usually) repeatedly.
tap: To make a sharp noise.
tap: To operate an electronic device (e.g. a mobile phone) by tapping a specific place on its (capacitive or other) touch screen.
tap: To designate for some duty or for membership, as in 'a tap on the shoulder'.
tap: To have sexual intercourse with.
tap: To submit to an opponent by tapping one's hand repeatedly.
tap: To force (an opponent) to submit.
tap: To put a new sole or heel on.
gym: To go to the gym.
eel: To fish for eels.
eel: To move with a sinuous motion like that of an eel.
tie: To twist (a string, rope, or the like) around itself securely.
tie: To form (a knot or the like) in a string or the like.
tie: To attach or fasten (one thing to another) by string or the like.
tie: To secure (something) by string or the like.
tie: To have the same score or position as another in a competition or ordering.
tie: To have the same score or position as (another) in a competition or ordering.
tie: To unite (musical notes) with a line or slur in the notation.
tie: To believe; to credit.
tie: In the Perl programming language, to extend (a variable) so that standard operations performed upon it invoke custom functionality instead.
pat: To (gently) tap the flat of one's hand on a person or thing.
pat: To hit lightly and repeatedly with the flat of the hand to make smooth or flat
pat: To stroke or fondle (an animal). Compare pet.
pat: To gently rain.
arc: To move following a curved path.
arc: To shape into an arc; to hold in the form of an arc.
arc: To form an electrical arc.
yaw: To turn about the vertical axis while maintaining course.
yaw: To swerve off course to port or starboard.
yaw: To steer badly, zigzagging back and forth across the intended course of a boat; to go out of the line of course.
yaw: To rise in blisters, breaking in white froth, as cane juice in the clarifiers in sugar works.
tod: To weigh; to yield in tods.
lip: To touch or grasp with the lips; to kiss; to lap the lips against (something).
lip: (of something inanimate) To touch lightly.
lip: To wash against a surface, lap.
lip: To rise or flow up to or over the edge of something.
lip: To form the rim, edge or margin of something.
lip: To utter verbally.
lip: To simulate speech by moving the lips without making any sound; to mouth.
lip: To make a golf ball hit the lip of the cup, without dropping in.
lip: To change the sound of (a musical note played on a wind instrument) by moving or tensing the lips.
dis: Alternative spelling of diss
awe: To inspire fear and reverence in.
awe: To control by inspiring dread.
ape: To behave like an ape.
ape: To imitate or mimic, particularly to imitate poorly.
paw: To go through something (such as a garbage can) with paws.
paw: To gently push on something with a paw.
paw: To draw the forefoot along the ground; to beat or scrape with the forefoot.
paw: To touch someone in a sexual way.
paw: To clumsily dig through something.
paw: To flatter.
jaw: To assail or abuse by scolding.
jaw: To scold; to clamor.
jaw: To talk; to converse.
jaw: (of a ball) To stick in the jaws of a pocket.
bes: third-person singular simple present indicative of be
bes: Present tense inflected form of be: am or are.
yam: Pronunciation spelling of am.
yam: To eat.
yam: To dunk on; to beat humiliatingly.
lug: To haul or drag along (especially something heavy); to carry; to pull.
lug: To run at too slow a speed.
lug: To carry an excessive amount of sail for the conditions prevailing.
lug: To pull toward the inside rail ("lugging in") or the outside rail ("lugging out") during a race.
gab: To jest; to tell lies in jest; exaggerate; lie.
gab: To talk or chatter a lot, usually on trivial subjects.
gab: To speak or tell falsely.
sie: To sink; fall; drop.
sie: To fall, as in a swoon; faint.
sie: To drop, as water; trickle.
sie: To sift.
sie: To strain, as milk; filter.
poo: Alternative spelling of pooh: to say "poo".
poo: To defecate.
poo: To dirty something with feces.
raw: To anally or vaginally penetrate without a condom.
ink: To apply ink to; to cover or smear with ink.
ink: To sign (a contract or similar document).
ink: To apply a tattoo to (someone).
ink: to eject ink (sense 3)
loo: To urge on with cries of loo or (figuratively) by other shouting or outcry.
loo: To beat in the card game lanterloo.
loo: To pay a penalty to the pool for breaking certain rules or failing to take a trick in lanterloo.
loo: To pay any penalty to any community.
mug: To strike in the face.
mug: To assault for the purpose of robbery.
mug: To exaggerate a facial expression for communicative emphasis; to make a face, to pose, as for photographs or in a performance, in an exaggerated or affected manner.
mug: To photograph for identification; to take a mug shot.
mug: To learn or review a subject as much as possible in a short time; cram.
tea: To drink tea.
tea: To take afternoon tea (the light meal).
tea: To give tea to.
don: To put on clothing; to dress (oneself) in an article of personal attire.
lex: To perform lexical analysis; to convert a character stream to a token stream as a preliminary to parsing.
joy: To feel joy, to rejoice.
joy: To enjoy.
joy: To give joy to; to congratulate.
joy: To gladden; to make joyful; to exhilarate.
nix: To make something become nothing; to reject or cancel.
nix: To destroy or eradicate.
wag: To swing from side to side, as an animal's tail, or someone's head, to express disagreement or disbelief.
wag: To play truant from school.
wag: To go; to proceed; to move; to progress.
wag: To move continually, especially in gossip; said of the tongue.
wag: To leave; to depart.
sum: To add together.
sum: To give a summary of.
log: To cut trees into logs.
log: To cut down (trees).
log: To cut down trees in an area, harvesting and transporting the logs as wood.
log: To make, to add an entry (or more) in a log or logbook.
log: To travel (a distance) as shown in a logbook.
log: To travel at a specified speed, as ascertained by a chip log.
log: To move to and fro; to rock.
row: To propel (a boat or other craft) over water using oars.
row: To transport in a boat propelled with oars.
row: To be moved by oars.
row: To argue noisily.
tup: To mate; used of a ram mating with a ewe.
tup: To have sex with, to bonk, etc.
tup: To butt: said of a ram.
baa: To make the characteristic cry of a sheep.
gar: To make, compel (someone to do something); to cause (something to be done).
rob: To steal from, especially using force or violence.
rob: To deprive of, or withhold from, unjustly or injuriously; to defraud.
rob: To deprive (of).
rob: To burgle.
rob: To steal.
rob: To commit robbery.
rob: To take possession of the ball, puck etc. from.
lid: To put a lid on (something).
kip: To sleep; often with the connotation of a temporary or charitable situation, or one borne out of necessity.
kip: To snatch; take up hastily; filch
kip: To hold or keep (together)
kip: To conduct oneself; act
kip: To perform the kip maneuver.
cob: To construct using mud blocks or to seal a wall using mud or an artificial equivalent.
cob: To have the heads mature into corncobs.
cob: To remove the kernels from a corncob.
cob: To thresh.
cob: To break up ground with a hoe.
cob: To beat with a flat instrument; to paddle.
cob: To throw, chuck, lob.
cob: To chip off unwanted pieces of stone, so as to form a desired shape or improve the quality of mineral ore.
sow: To scatter, disperse, or plant (seeds).
sow: To spread abroad; to propagate.
sow: To scatter over; to besprinkle.
sow: Obsolete spelling of sew
hop: To jump a short distance.
hop: To jump on one foot.
hop: To be in state of energetic activity.
hop: To suddenly take a mode of transportation that one does not drive oneself, often surreptitiously.
hop: To jump onto, or over
hop: To move frequently from one place or situation to another similar one.
hop: To go in a quick or sudden manner.
hop: To dance.
hop: To walk lame; to limp.
hop: To impregnate with hops, especially to add hops as a flavouring agent during the production of beer
hop: To gather hops.
doe: Obsolete spelling of do
wit: Know, be aware of (constructed with of when used intransitively).
job: To do odd jobs or occasional work for hire.
job: To work as a jobber.
job: To take the loss, usually in a demeaning or submissive manner.
job: To buy and sell for profit, as securities; to speculate in.
job: To subcontract a project or delivery in small portions to a number of contractors.
job: To seek private gain under pretence of public service; to turn public matters to private advantage.
job: To hire or let in periods of service.
job: To peck (of a bird); (more generally) to poke or prod (at, into).
job: To pierce or poke (someone or something), typically with a sharp or pointed object; to stab.
job: To hit (someone) with a quick, sharp punch; to jab.
tom: To act in an obsequiously servile manner toward white authority.
tom: To dig out a hole below the hatch cover of a bulker and fill it with cargo or weights to aid stability.
pee: To urinate.
pee: To urinate on oneself.
pee: To drizzle.
rub: To move (one object) while maintaining contact with another object over some area, with pressure and friction.
rub: To be rubbed against something.
rub: To spread a substance thinly over; to smear.
rub: To move or pass with difficulty.
rub: To scour; to burnish; to polish; to brighten; to cleanse; often with up or over.
rub: To hinder; to cross; to thwart.
rub: To touch the jack with the bowl.
ook: To make or produce the cry of a monkey.
ook: Of a black person, to speak nonsense or gibberish.
peg: To fasten using a peg.
peg: To affix or pin.
peg: To fix a value or price.
peg: To narrow the cuff openings of a pair of pants so that the legs take on a peg shape.
peg: To throw.
peg: To throw a ball at (someone), to hit (someone) with a ball.
peg: To indicate or ascribe an attribute to.
peg: To move one's pegs to indicate points scored; to score with a peg.
peg: To reach or exceed the maximum value on (a scale or gauge).
peg: To engage in anal sex by penetrating (one's male partner) with a strap-on dildo.
peg: To keep working hard at something; to peg away.
peg: To drink alcohol frequently, especially brandy and soda; to tipple.
fan: To blow air on (something) by means of a fan (hand-held, mechanical or electrical) or otherwise.
fan: To slap (a behind, especially).
fan: To move or spread in multiple directions from one point, in the shape of a hand-held fan.
fan: To dispel by waving a hand-held fan.
fan: To perform a maneuver that involves flicking the top rear of an old-style gun.
fan: To invigorate, like flames when fanned.
fan: To winnow grain.
fan: To apply (the air brake) many times in rapid succession.
fan: To strike out.
fan: To strike out (a batter).
neg: To annoy or irritate deliberately.
neg: To express or imply a negative value judgement of someone to make them desire one's approval, especially when trying to pick up a date.
neg: To leave negative feedback about (someone) in a reputation tracking system.
hen: Alternative form of mother-hen
hen: To throw.
top: To cover on the top or with a top.
top: To excel, to surpass, to beat, to exceed.
top: To be in the lead, to be at number one position (of).
top: To cut or remove the top (as of a tree)
top: To commit suicide.
top: To murder or execute.
top: To be the dominant partner in a BDSM relationship or roleplay.
top: To anally penetrate in gay sex.
top: To rise aloft; to be eminent; to tower.
top: To excel; to rise above others.
top: To raise one end of (a yard, etc.), making it higher than the other.
top: To cover with another dye.
top: To put a stiffening piece or back on (a saw blade).
top: To arrange (fruit, etc.) with the best on top.
top: To strike the top of (an obstacle) with the hind feet while jumping, so as to gain new impetus.
top: To improve (domestic animals, especially sheep) by crossing certain individuals or breeds with other superior breeds.
top: To cut, break, or otherwise take off the top of (a steel ingot) to remove unsound metal.
top: To strike (the ball) above the centre; also, to make (a stroke, etc.) by hitting the ball in this way.
gel: To apply (cosmetic) gel to (the hair, etc).
gel: To become a gel.
gel: To develop a rapport.
gel: To come together to form something; to cohere.
cup: To form into the shape of a cup, particularly of the hands.
cup: To hold something in cupped hands.
cup: To pour (a liquid, drink, etc.) into a cup.
cup: To supply with cups of wine.
cup: To apply a cup or cupping apparatus to; to subject to the operation of cupping.
cup: To make concave or in the form of a cup.
gig: To play (a musical instrument) at a gig.
gig: To impose a demerit (on someone) for an infraction of a military deportment or dress code.
gig: To engage in a musical performance, act in a theatre production, etc.
gig: To work at any job, especially one that is freelance or temporary, or done on an on-demand basis.
gig: To make a joke, often condescendingly, at the expense of (someone); to make fun of.
gig: Sometimes followed by it: to ride in a gig (“a two-wheeled carriage drawn by a single horse”).
gig: To spear (fish, etc.) with a gig or fizgig.
gig: To catch or fish with a gig or fizgig.
imp: To engraft or plant (a plant or part of one, a sapling, etc.).
imp: To graft or implant (something other than a plant); to fix or set (something) in.
imp: To engraft (a feather) on to a broken feather in a bird's wing or tail to repair it; to engraft (feathers) on to a bird, or a bird's wing or tail.
imp: To provide (someone or something) with wings, hence enabling them or it to soar.
imp: To add to or unite a object with (something) to lengthen the latter out or repair it; to eke out, enlarge, strengthen.
caw: To make the harsh cry of a crow, rook, or raven.
kid: To make a fool of (someone).
kid: To dupe or deceive (someone).
kid: To make a joke with (someone).
kid: Of a goat, to give birth.
kid: To joke.
ken: To give birth, conceive, beget, be born; to develop (as a fetus); to nourish, sustain (as life).
ken: To know, perceive or understand.
ken: To discover by sight; to catch sight of; to descry.
jam: To get something stuck, often (though not necessarily) in a confined space.
jam: To brusquely force something into a space; to cram, to squeeze.
jam: To render something unable to move.
jam: To cause congestion or blockage. Often used with "up".
jam: To block or confuse a radio or radar signal by transmitting a more-powerful signal on the same frequency.
jam: To throw a pitch at or near the batter's hands.
jam: To dunk.
jam: To play music (especially improvisation as a group, or an informal unrehearsed session).
jam: To injure a finger or toe by sudden compression of the digit's tip.
jam: To attempt to score points.
jam: To bring (a vessel) so close to the wind that half her upper sails are laid aback.
jam: To give up on a date or some other joint endeavour; to stand up, chicken out, jam out.
jam: To be of high quality.
dom: To dominate.
aid: To provide support to; to further the progress of; to help; to assist.
aid: To climb with the use of aids such as pitons.
den: To ensconce or hide oneself in (or as in) a den.
den: Of an animal, to use as a den; to take up residence in.
aim: To point or direct a missile, or a weapon which propels as missile, towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it
aim: To direct the intention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor;—followed by at, or by an infinitive
aim: To direct or point (e.g. a weapon), at a particular object; to direct, as a missile, an act, or a proceeding, at, to, or against an object
aim: To direct (something verbal) towards a certain person, thing, or group
aim: To guess or conjecture.
bab: To fish for eels using a bab.
out: To eject; to expel.
out: To come or go out; to get out or away; to become public, revealed, or apparent.
out: To reveal (a person or organization) as having a certain secret, such as a being a secret agent or undercover detective.
out: To reveal (a secret).
out: To reveal (a person) as LGBT+ (gay, trans, etc).
out: To kill; to snuff out.
rip: To divide or separate the parts of (especially something flimsy, such as paper or fabric), by cutting or tearing; to tear off or out by violence.
rip: To tear apart; to rapidly become two parts.
rip: To get by, or as if by, cutting or tearing.
rip: To move quickly and destructively.
rip: To cut wood along (parallel to) the grain.
rip: To copy data from a CD, DVD, Internet stream, etc., to a hard drive, portable device, etc.
rip: To take a "hit" of marijuana.
rip: To fart audibly.
rip: To mock or criticize (someone or something). (often used with on and into)
rip: To steal; to rip off.
rip: To move or act fast; to rush headlong.
rip: To tear up for search or disclosure, or for alteration; to search to the bottom; to discover; to disclose; usually with up.
rip: To surf extremely well.
tow: To pull something behind one using a line or chain; to haul.
tow: To aid someone behind by shielding them from wind resistance.
UPS: To connect a device to an uninterruptible power supply
fun: To tease, kid, poke fun at, make fun of.
GPS: To locate (something) using a GPS system.
fee: To reward for services performed, or to be performed; to recompense; to hire or keep in hire; hence, to bribe.
net: To catch by means of a net.
net: To catch in a trap, or by stratagem.
net: To enclose or cover with a net.
net: To score (a goal).
net: To hit the ball into the net.
net: To form a netting or network; to knit.
net: To receive as profit.
net: To yield as profit for.
net: To fully hedge a position.
maa: To make such a sound.
ski: To move on skis.
ski: To travel over (a slope, etc.) on skis; to travel on skis at (a place), (especially as a sport).
MRI: To take an MRI scan of.
tee: To redirect output to multiple destinations.
tee: To place a ball on a tee
bob: To move gently and vertically, in either a single motion or repeatedly up and down, at or near the surface of a body of water, or similar medium.
bob: To move (something) as though it were bobbing in water.
bob: To curtsy.
bob: To strike with a quick, light blow; to tap.
bob: Synonym of blob (“catch eels using worms strung on thread”)
bob: To cut (hair) into a bob haircut.
bob: To shorten by cutting; to dock; to crop.
bob: To bobsleigh.
ish: Pronunciation spelling of is.
gum: To chew, especially of a toothless person or animal.
gum: To deepen and enlarge the spaces between the teeth of (a worn saw), as with a gummer.
gum: To apply an adhesive or gum to; to make sticky by applying a sticky substance to.
gum: To stiffen with glue or gum.
gum: To inelegantly attach into a sequence.
gum: To impair the functioning of a thing or process.
orb: To form into an orb or circle.
orb: To become round like an orb.
orb: To encircle; to surround; to enclose.
nap: To have a nap; to sleep for a short period of time, especially during the day.
nap: To be off one's guard.
nap: To form or raise a soft or fuzzy surface on (fabric or leather).
nap: To grab; to nab.
nap: To cover (something) with a sauce. (usually in the passive)
sad: To make melancholy; to sadden or grieve (someone).
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To employ; to apply; to utilize.
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To expend; to consume by employing.
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To exploit.
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To consume (alcohol, drugs, etc), especially regularly.
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To consume a previously specified substance, especially a drug to which one is addicted.
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To benefit from; to be able to employ or stand.
use: To utilize or employ.
use: To suggest or request that other people employ a specific set of gender pronouns when referring to the subject.
use: To accustom; to habituate. (Now common only in participial form. Uses the same pronunciation as the noun; see usage notes.)
use: To accustom; to habituate. (Now common only in participial form. Uses the same pronunciation as the noun; see usage notes.)
use: To accustom oneself.
use: To habitually do; to be wont to do. (Now chiefly in past-tense forms; see used to.)
use: To behave toward; to act with regard to; to treat.
use: To behave, act, comport oneself.
pap: To feed with pap.
pap: To take a surreptitious photograph of (someone, especially a celebrity) without their consent.
pap: Alternative letter-case form of PAP (“post a picture”).
hat: To place a hat on.
hat: To appoint as cardinal.
hat: To shop for hats.
hat: simple past of hit
hoe: To cut, dig, scrape, turn, arrange, or clean, with this tool.
hoe: To clear from weeds, or to loosen or arrange the earth about, with a hoe.
hoe: Alternative spelling of ho (“to prostitute”).
fry: A method of cooking food.
fry: To cook (something) in hot fat.
fry: A method of cooking food.
fry: To cook in hot fat.
fry: A method of cooking food.
fry: to simmer; to boil
fry: To be affected by extreme heat or current.
fry: To suffer because of too much heat.
fry: To be affected by extreme heat or current.
fry: To execute, or be executed, by the electric chair.
fry: To be affected by extreme heat or current.
fry: To destroy (something, usually electronic) with excessive heat, voltage, or current.
bum: To sodomize; to engage in anal sex.
bum: To ask someone to give one (something) for free; to beg for something.
bum: To stay idle and unproductive, like a hobo or vagabond.
bum: To wet the end of a marijuana cigarette (spliff).
bum: To depress; to make unhappy.
bum: To make a murmuring or humming sound.
hyp: To make melancholy.
bar: To obstruct the passage of (someone or something).
bar: To prohibit.
bar: To lock or bolt with a bar.
bar: To imprint or paint with bars, to stripe.
oak: To expose to oak in order for the oak to impart its flavors.
cab: To travel by taxicab.
sub: To substitute for.
sub: To work as a substitute teacher, especially in primary and secondary education.
sub: To replace (a player) with a substitute.
sub: To bring on (a player) as a substitute.
sub: To perform the work of a subeditor or copy editor; to subedit.
sub: To subtitle (usually a film or television program).
sub: To lend (a person) money.
sub: To subscribe.
sub: To take a submissive role.
sub: To coat with a layer of adhering material; to planarize by means of such a coating.
sub: To prepare (a slide) with a layer of transparent substance to support and/or fix the sample.
gib: To fasten in place with a gib.
gib: To blast an enemy or opponent into gibs.
gib: To install plasterboard.
gib: Pronunciation spelling of give.
off: To kill.
off: To switch off.
cap: To cover or seal with a cap.
cap: To award a cap as a mark of distinction.
cap: To lie over or on top of something.
cap: To surpass or outdo.
cap: To set (or reach) an upper limit on something.
cap: To make something even more wonderful at the end.
cap: To select a player to play for a specified side.
cap: To shoot (someone) with a firearm.
cap: To lie; to tell a lie.
cap: To select to play for the national team.
cap: To salute by uncovering the head respectfully.
cap: To deprive of a cap.
cap: To convert text to uppercase.
cap: To take a screenshot or to record a copy of a video.
keg: To store in a keg.
nay: To refuse.
zed: To sleep or nap. (Compare zzz, catch some z's.)
zed: To zigzag; to move with sharp alternating turns.
has: third-person singular simple present indicative of have
med: May; might.
zap: To make a zap sound.
zap: To use a remote control to repeatedly change channels on a television.
zap: To strike (something or someone) with electricity or energy, as by shooting.
zap: To kill; to eliminate.
zap: To damage (especially electronics) with electrostatic discharge.
zap: To heat (something) in a microwave oven.
zap: To delete or discard (electronic media).
zap: To further energize or charge (magnetic material).
zap: To photocopy.
zap: To participate in a zap (protest) against.
fab: To fabricate, especially in the context of fabbers
veg: to vegetate; to engage in complete inactivity; to rest
zee: To sleep or nap. (Compare zzz, catch some z's.)
zee: To zigzag; to move with sharp alternating turns.
kit: To assemble or collect something into kits.
kit: To equip (somebody) with something.
nab: To seize, arrest or take into custody (a criminal or fugitive).
nab: To grab or snatch something.
aah: To say or exclaim aah.
aah: To express amazement or surprise or enthusiasm, especially by the interjection aah.
aah: To say or exclaim aah.
aah: To express joy or pleasure, especially by the interjection aah.
dab: To press lightly in a repetitive motion with a soft object without rubbing.
dab: To apply a substance in this way.
dab: To strike by a thrust; to hit with a sudden blow or thrust.
dab: To apply hash oil to a heated surface for the purpose of efficient combustion.
dab: To perform the dab dance move, by moving both arms to one side of the body parallel with your head.
bun: To form (the hair) into a bun.
bun: To smoke cannabis.
bun: To shoot.
bun: To forget.
jab: To poke or thrust abruptly, or to make such a motion.
jab: To deliver a quick punch.
jab: To give someone an injection.
jab: To vaccinate or inoculate someone.
fix: To pierce; now generally replaced by transfix.
fix: To pierce; now generally replaced by transfix.
fix: (Of a piercing look) to direct at someone.
fix: To attach; to affix; to hold in place or at a particular time.
fix: To focus or determine (oneself, on a concept); to fixate.
fix: To attach; to affix; to hold in place or at a particular time.
fix: To prevent enemy pawns from advancing by directly opposing the most advanced one with one of one's own pawns so as to threaten to capture any advancing backward pawns.
fix: To attach; to affix; to hold in place or at a particular time.
fix: To mend, to repair.
fix: To prepare (food or drink).
fix: To make (a contest, vote, or gamble) unfair; to privilege one contestant or a particular group of contestants, usually before the contest begins; to arrange immunity for defendants by tampering with the justice system via bribery or extortion.
fix: To surgically render an animal, especially a pet, infertile.
fix: To map a (point or subset) to itself.
fix: To take revenge on, to best; to serve justice on an assumed miscreant.
fix: To render (a photographic impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensitive to the action of light.
fix: To convert into a stable or available form.
fix: To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest.
fix: To become firm, so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable, as a metallic substance.
fix: To shoot; to inject a drug.
ire: To anger, to irritate.
ess: To move in a changing direction, forming the shape of a letter S.
dad: To throw against something; to dash.
web: To construct or form a web.
web: To cover with a web or network.
web: To ensnare or entangle.
web: To provide with a web.
web: To weave.
try: To attempt; to endeavour. Followed by infinitive.
try: To divide; to separate.
try: To separate (precious metal etc.) from the ore by melting; to purify, refine.
try: To divide; to separate.
try: To winnow; to sift; to pick out; frequently followed by out.
try: To divide; to separate.
try: To extract oil from blubber or fat; to melt down blubber to obtain oil
try: To divide; to separate.
try: To extract wax from a honeycomb
try: To test, to work out.
try: To make an experiment. Usually followed by a present participle.
try: To test, to work out.
try: To put to test.
try: To test, to work out.
try: To test someone's patience.
try: To test, to work out.
try: To receive an imminent attack; to take.
try: To test, to work out.
try: To taste, sample, etc.
try: To test, to work out.
try: To prove by experiment; to apply a test to, for the purpose of determining the quality; to examine; to prove; to test.
try: To test, to work out.
try: To attempt to determine (by experiment or effort).
try: To test, to work out.
try: To put on trial.
try: To experiment, to strive.
try: To have or gain knowledge of by experience.
try: To experiment, to strive.
try: To work on something with one's best effort and focus.
try: To experiment, to strive.
try: To do; to fare.
try: To experiment, to strive.
try: To settle; to decide; to determine; specifically, to decide by an appeal to arms.
try: To experiment, to strive.
try: To attempt to conceive a child.
try: To lie to in heavy weather under just sufficient sail to head into the wind.
try: To strain; to subject to excessive tests.
try: To want
fax: To send a document via a fax machine.
sue: To file a legal action against someone, generally a non-criminal action.
sue: To seek by request; to make application; to petition; to entreat; to plead.
sue: To clean (the beak, etc.).
sue: To leave high and dry on shore.
sue: To court.
sue: To follow.
nip: To catch and enclose or compress tightly between two surfaces, or points which are brought together or closed; to pinch; to close in upon.
nip: To remove by pinching, biting, or cutting with two meeting edges of anything; to clip.
nip: To benumb [e.g., cheeks, fingers, nose] by severe cold.
nip: To blast, as by frost; to check the growth or vigor of; to destroy.
nip: To annoy, as by nipping.
nip: To taunt.
nip: To squeeze or pinch.
nip: To steal; especially to cut a purse.
nip: To affect [one] painfully; to cause physical pain.'
nip: To have erect nipples.
nip: To make a quick, short journey or errand, usually a round trip.
Jap: Alternative letter-case form of jap
inn: To house; to lodge.
inn: To take lodging; to lodge.
din: To make a din, to resound.
din: (of a place) To be filled with sound, to resound.
din: To assail (a person, the ears) with loud noise.
din: To repeat continuously, as though to the point of deafening or exhausting somebody.
feu: To bring (land) under the system of feudal tenure.
mag: To steal.
pad: To stuff.
pad: To furnish with a pad or padding.
pad: To increase the size of, especially by adding undesirable filler.
pad: To imbue uniformly with a mordant.
pad: To deliberately play the ball with the leg pad instead of the bat.
pad: To travel along (a road, path etc.).
pad: To travel on foot.
pad: To wear a path by walking.
pad: To walk softly, quietly or steadily, especially without shoes.
pad: To practise highway robbery.
mad: To be or become mad.
mad: To madden, to anger, to frustrate.
sup: To sip; to take a small amount of food or drink into the mouth, especially with a spoon.
sup: To eat supper.
sac: To sacrifice.
par: To reach the hole in the allotted number of strokes.
par: To associate, to chill, to hang.
tio: To get, receive, experience, suffer or be affected by.
tio: To win a game, especially a game of chance.
tio: Used before a verb to indicate the passive voice.
mar: To spoil; to ruin; to scathe; to damage.
yap: Of a small dog, to bark.
yap: To talk, especially excessively; to chatter.
yap: To rob or steal from (someone).
pal: Synonym of pal around
fur: To cover with fur or a fur-like coating.
fur: To become covered with fur or a fur-like coating.
fur: To level a surface by applying furring to it.
fin: To cut the fins from a fish, shark, etc.
fin: (Of a fish) to swim with the dorsal fin above the surface of the water.
fin: To swim in the manner of a fish.
fin: To provide (a motor vehicle etc) with fins.
vum: To vow, swear.
mat: To cover, protect or decorate with mats.
mat: To form a thick, tangled mess; to interweave into, or like, a mat; to entangle.
pod: To bear or produce pods
pod: To remove peas from their case.
pod: To put into a pod or to enter a pod.
pod: To swell or fill.
toy: To play (with) in an idle or desultory way.
toy: To ponder or consider.
toy: To stimulate with a sex toy.
dot: To cover with small spots (of some liquid).
dot: To add a dot (the symbol) or dots to.
dot: To mark by means of dots or small spots.
dot: To mark or diversify with small detached objects.
dot: To punch (a person).
ill: To behave aggressively.
eff: Fuck (the taboo swear word, but not in the sense "to copulate")
eff: To put into words; to express.
bin: To dispose of (something) by putting it into a bin, or as if putting it into a bin.
bin: To throw away, reject, give up.
bin: To convert continuous data into discrete groups.
bin: To place into a bin for storage.
bin: Alternative form of been
hip: To use one's hips to bump into someone.
hip: To throw (one's adversary) over one's hip ("cross-buttock").
hip: To dislocate or sprain the hip of, to fracture or injure the hip bone of (a quadruped) in such a manner as to produce a permanent depression of that side.
hip: To make with a hip or hips, as a roof.
hip: To inform, to make knowledgeable.
eek: To produce a high-pitched squeal, as in fear or trepidation.
eek: Of a black person, to speak nonsense or gibberish.
tag: To label (something).
tag: To mark (something) with one's graffiti tag.
tag: To remove dung tags from a sheep.
tag: To hit the ball hard.
tag: to have sex with someone (especially a man of a woman)
tag: To put a runner out by touching them with the ball or the ball in a gloved hand.
tag: To mark with a tag (metadata for classification).
tag: To attach the name of (a user) to a posted message so that they are linked from the post and possibly sent a notification.
tag: To follow closely, accompany, tag along.
tag: To catch and touch (a player in the game of tag).
tag: To fit with, or as if with, a tag or tags.
tag: To fasten; to attach.
pus: To emit pus.
tot: To sum or total.
tot: To mark (a debt) with the word tot (Latin for "so much"), indicating that it was good or collectible for the amount specified.
fig: To insult with a fico, or contemptuous motion.
fig: To put into the head of, as something useless or contemptible.
fig: To develop, or cause (a soap) to develop, white streaks or granulations.
fig: To move suddenly or quickly; rove about.
fig: To dress; to get oneself up a certain way.
fig: To insert a ginger root into the anus, vagina or urethra of (a horse): to perform figging upon; to feague, to feak.
tun: To put into tuns, or casks.
bud: To form buds.
bud: To reproduce by splitting off buds.
bud: To begin to grow, or to issue from a stock in the manner of a bud, as a horn.
bud: To be like a bud in respect to youth and freshness, or growth and promise.
bud: To put forth as a bud.
bud: To graft by inserting a bud under the bark of another tree.
bay: To howl.
bay: To bark at; hence, to follow with barking; to bring or drive to bay.
bay: To pursue noisily, like a pack of hounds.
vet: To thoroughly check or investigate particularly with regard to providing formal approval.
wig: To put on a wig; to provide with a wig (especially of an actor etc.).
wig: To upbraid, reprimand.
wig: To act in an extremely emotional way; to be overly excited, irritable, nervous, or fearful; behave erratically.
wig: To shoot in the head.
jar: To preserve (food) in a jar.
jar: To knock, shake, or strike sharply, especially causing a quivering or vibrating movement.
jar: To harm or injure by such action.
jar: To shock or surprise.
jar: To act in disagreement or opposition, to clash, to be at odds with; to interfere; to dispute, to quarrel.
jar: To (cause something to) give forth a rudely tremulous or quivering sound; to (cause something to) sound discordantly or harshly.
jar: To quiver or vibrate due to being shaken or struck.
jar: Of the appearance, form, style, etc., of people and things: to look strangely different; to stand out awkwardly from its surroundings; to be incongruent.
gad: To move from one location to another in an apparently random and frivolous manner.
gad: To run with the tail in the air, bent over the back, usually in an attempt to escape the warble fly.
res: Clipping of resurrect.
rap: To strike something sharply with one's knuckles; knock.
rap: To strike with a quick blow; to knock on.
rap: To free (a pattern) in a mould by light blows on the pattern, so as to facilitate its removal.
rap: To utter quickly and sharply.
rap: To speak (lyrics) in the style of rap music.
rap: To talk casually; to engage in conversation.
rap: To seize and carry off.
rap: To transport out of oneself; to affect with rapture.
rap: to rappel
guy: To exhibit an effigy of Guy Fawkes around the 5th November.
guy: To make fun of, to ridicule with wit or innuendo.
guy: To play in a comedic manner.
guy: To equip with a support cable.
eke: Chiefly in the form eke out: to add to, to augment; to increase; to lengthen.
DIY: To perform oneself a task usually relegated to an expert.
mix: To stir together.
mix: To combine (items from two or more sources normally kept separate).
mix: To form by mingling; to produce by the stirring together of ingredients; to concoct from different parts.
mix: To blend by the use of a mixer (machine).
mix: To combine (several tracks).
mix: To produce a finished version of (a recording).
mix: To unite with in company; to join; to associate.
've: Have (in its sense marking the perfect or retrospective tense).
've: Have (in its other uses).
'll: will, shall (marking the future tense)
yen: To have a strong desire for.
spy: To act as a spy.
spy: To spot; to catch sight of.
spy: To search narrowly; to scrutinize.
spy: To explore; to see; to view; inspect and examine secretly, as a country.
sax: To cut or slash with a sharp instrument; incise; scarify.
sax: To play the saxophone
ref: To referee; to act as a referee in a sport or game.
gob: To gather into a lump.
gob: To spit, especially to spit phlegm.
gob: To pack away waste material in order to support the walls of the mine.
wry: To turn (away); to swerve or deviate.
wry: To divert; to cause to turn away.
wry: To twist or contort (the body, face, etc.).
wry: To cover; clothe; cover up; cloak; hide.
amp: To amplify.
amp: To excite.
amp: To intensify or increase.
amp: To connect to amplifiers.
haw: To stop, in speaking, with a sound like haw; to speak with interruption and hesitation.
haw: To turn towards the driver, typically to the left.
haw: To cause (an animal) to turn left.
cox: To act as coxswain for.
dow: To be worth.
dow: To be of use, have value.
dow: To have the strength for, to be able to.
dow: To thrive, prosper.
dow: To furnish with a dower; to endow.
bub: To throw out in bubbles; to bubble.
fob: To cheat, to deceive, to trick, to take in, to impose upon someone.
fob: To beat; to maul.
gyp: To cheat or swindle.
fay: To fit.
fay: To join (pieces of timber) tightly.
fay: Of pieces of timber: to lie close together.
fay: To fadge.
fay: To cleanse; clean out.
cud: To bring back into the mouth and chew a second time.
cud: Alternative form of could
gee: Of a horse, pack animal, etc.: to move forward; go faster; or turn in a direction away from the driver, typically to the right.
gee: To cause an animal to move in this way.
gee: To agree; to harmonize.
gee: To suit or fit.
hob: To create (a gear) by cutting with a hob.
hob: To engage in the process of cutting gears with a hob.
fib: To lie, especially more or less inconsequentially.
fib: To punch, especially a series of punches in rapid succession; to beat; to hit; to strike.
hoy: To incite; to drive onward.
hoy: To throw.
hex: To cast a spell on (specifically an evil spell), to bewitch.
cog: To furnish with a cog or cogs.
cog: Of an electric motor or generator, to snap preferentially to certain positions when not energized.
cog: To load (a die) so that it can be used to cheat.
cog: To cheat; to play or gamble fraudulently.
cog: To seduce, or draw away, by adulation, artifice, or falsehood; to wheedle; to cozen; to cheat.
cog: To plagiarize.
cog: To obtrude or thrust in, by falsehood or deception; to palm off.
lag: To fail to keep up (the pace), to fall behind.
lag: To cover (for example, pipes) with felt strips or similar material (referring to a time lag effect in thermal transfer).
lag: To respond slowly.
lag: To transport as a punishment for crime.
lag: To arrest or apprehend.
lag: To cause to lag; to slacken.
erg: To use an ergometer.
boo: To shout extended boos derisively.
boo: To shout extended boos at, as a form of derision.
boo: To make a sound characteristic of cattle; to moo.
boo: To defecate.
jig: To move briskly, especially as a dance.
jig: To move with a skip or rhythm; to move with vibrations or jerks.
jig: To fish with a jig.
jig: To sing to the tune of a jig.
jig: To trick or cheat; to cajole; to delude.
jig: To sort or separate, as ore in a jigger or sieve.
jig: To cut or form, as a piece of metal, in a jigging machine.
jig: To skip school or be truant (Australia, Canadian Maritimes)
mew: To shut away, confine, lock up.
mew: To moult.
mew: To cause to moult.
mew: To shed antlers.
mew: To meow.
mew: To make its cry.
mew: To flatten the tongue against the roof of the mouth for supposed health benefits.
nib: To fit (a pen) with a nib.
lye: To treat with lye.
lye: Obsolete spelling of lie.
nob: To hit in the head
cue: To give someone a cue signal.
cue: To spark or provoke.
cue: To take aim on the cue ball with the cue and hit it.
cue: To form into a cue; to braid; to twist.
hap: To happen; to befall; to chance.
hap: To happen to.
hap: To wrap, clothe.
pep: To inject with energy and enthusiasm.
lop: To cut off as the top or extreme part of anything, especially to prune a small limb off a shrub or tree, or sometimes to behead someone.
lop: To hang downward; to be pendent; to lean to one side.
lop: To allow to hang down.
jot: Chiefly followed by down: to write (something) quickly; to make a brief note of (something).
jot: To jerk or jolt (something); to jog.
cam: To go on webcam with someone.
pew: To furnish with pews.
sib: To bring into relation; establish a relationship between; make friendly; reconcile.
sib: To engage in repetitive behaviors such as eye-poking, skin-picking, hand-biting, or head-banging.
zig: To make such a turn.
ret: To prepare (flax, hemp etc.) for further processing by soaking, which facilitates separation of fibers from the woody parts of the stem.
zag: To move with a sharp turn or reversal.
rep: To represent; to act as a representative for.
rep: To display as a representative example.
rep: Abbreviation of repeat.
rep: To lift for multiple reps.
yip: to bark with a sharp, high-pitched voice
pug: To mix and stir when wet.
pug: To fill or stop with clay by tamping; to fill in or spread with mortar, as a floor or partition, for the purpose of deadening sound.
mod: To modify (an object) from its original condition, typically for the purposes of individualizing and/or enhancing the performance of the object.
mod: To install or create a mod.
mod: To moderate; to silence or punish (a rule-breaking user) on a forum, especially when done by a moderator.
hod: To bob up and down on horseback, as an inexperienced rider may do; to jog.
tic: To exhibit a tic; to undergo a sudden, semi-voluntary muscle movement.
dun: To ask or beset a debtor for payment.
dun: To harass by continually repeating e.g. a request.
dun: Eye dialect spelling of done: past participle of do
dun: Pronunciation spelling of don't: contraction of do + not.
dun: To cure, as codfish, by laying them, after salting, in a pile in a dark place, covered with saltgrass or a similar substance.
sop: To steep or dip in any liquid.
sop: To soak in, or be soaked; to percolate.
sod: To cover with sod.
sod: Bugger; sodomize.
sod: Damn, curse, confound.
sod: simple past of seethe
rut: To be in the annual rut or mating season.
rut: To have sexual intercourse.
rut: To have sexual intercourse with.
rut: To make a furrow.
tat: To make (something by) tatting.
tat: To apply a tattoo.
gam: To pay a social visit on another ship at sea.
gam: To engage in social intercourse anywhere.
vie: To fight for superiority; to contend; to compete eagerly so as to gain something.
vie: To rival (something), etc.
vie: To do or produce in emulation, competition, or rivalry; to put in competition; to bandy.
vie: To stake; to wager.
vie: To stake a sum of money upon a hand of cards, as in the old game of gleek. See revie.
tog: To dress (often with up or out).
tog: To fish for tautog.
vee: To form something into a "v" shape, particularly as part of a welding, machining, or manufacturing process.
soy: Synonym of soy out (“to act in the manner of a soy boy”).
vis: Clipping of visualize.
hep: To make aware of.
hag: To harass; to weary with vexation.
hie: To hasten; to go quickly, to hurry.
hie: To hurry (oneself).
ree: To become extremely excited; fly into a rage.
ree: To drive into a state of excitement; fire with enthusiasm.
ree: To riddle; to sift; to separate or throw off.
pry: To peer closely and curiously, especially at something closed or not public.
pry: To inquire into something that does not concern one; to be nosy; to snoop.
pry: To peer at (something) closely; also, to look into (a matter, etc.) thoroughly.
pry: To use leverage to open, raise, or widen (something); to prise or prize.
pry: Usually followed by out (of): to draw out or get (information, etc.) with effort.
gap: To notch, as a sword or knife.
gap: To make an opening in; to breach.
gap: To check the size of a gap.
gap: To leave suddenly.
sag: To sink, in the middle, by its weight or under applied pressure, below a horizontal line or plane.
sag: To lean, give way, or settle from a vertical position.
sag: To lose firmness, elasticity, vigor, or a thriving state; to sink; to droop; to flag; to bend; to yield, as the mind or spirits, under the pressure of care, trouble, doubt, or the like; to be unsettled or unbalanced.
sag: To loiter in walking; to idle along; to drag or droop heavily.
sag: To cause to bend or give way; to load.
sag: To wear one's trousers so that their top is well below the waist.
sag: To pull down someone else's pants as a prank.
lot: To allot; to sort; to apportion.
lot: To count or reckon (on or upon).
sty: To place in, or as if in, a sty
sty: To live in a sty, or any messy or dirty place
sty: To ascend, rise up, climb.
nag: To repeatedly remind or complain to (someone) in an annoying way, often about insignificant or unnecessary matters.
nag: To bother with persistent thoughts or memories.
nag: To bother or disturb persistently in any way.
shy: To avoid due to caution, embarrassment or timidness.
shy: To jump back in fear.
shy: To throw sideways with a jerk; to fling.
shy: To throw a ball with two hands above the head, especially when it has crossed the side lines in a football (soccer) match. To hit the ball back into play from the sidelines in a shinty match.
lap: To enfold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish.
lap: To rest or recline in someone's lap, or as in a lap.
lap: To fold; to bend and lay over or on something.
lap: to wrap around, enwrap, wrap up
lap: to envelop, enfold
lap: to wind around
lap: To place or lay (one thing) so as to overlap another.
lap: To polish (a surface, especially metal or gemstone) with very fine abrasive to achieve smoothness and small dimensional changes.
lap: To be turned or folded; to lie partly on or over something; to overlap.
lap: To overtake a straggler in a race by completing one more whole lap than the straggler.
lap: To cut or polish with a lap, as glass, gems, cutlery, etc.
lap: To take (liquid) into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue.
lap: To wash against a surface with a splashing sound; to swash.
rag: To decorate (a wall, etc.) by applying paint with a rag.
rag: To become tattered.
rag: To break (ore) into lumps for sorting.
rag: To cut or dress roughly, as a grindstone.
rag: To scold or tell off; to torment; to banter.
rag: To drive a car or another vehicle in a hard, fast or unsympathetic manner.
rag: To tease or torment, especially at a university; to bully, to haze.
rag: To play or compose (a piece, melody, etc.) in syncopated time.
rag: To dance to ragtime music.
rag: To add syncopation (to a tune) and thereby make it appropriate for a ragtime song.
vow: To make a vow; to promise.
vow: To make a vow regarding (something).
vow: To declare publicly that one has made a vow, usually to show one's determination or to announce an act of retaliation.
tut: To make a tut tut sound of disapproval.
tut: To work by the piece; to carry out tut-work.
waw: To stir; move; wave.
SOS: Initialism of struck off strength or stricken off strength.
git: To get, begone.
git: To get (leave; scram; begone).
shh: To utter shh.
irk: to irritate; annoy; bother
owe: To be under an obligation to give something back to someone or to perform some action for someone.
owe: To have debt; to be in debt.
owe: To have as a cause; used with to.
gat: To shoot someone with a pistol or other handheld firearm.
gat: simple past of get
woo: To endeavor to gain someone's support.
woo: (often of a man) To try to persuade (someone) to be in an amorous relationship with
woo: To court solicitously; to invite with importunity.
tip: To provide with a tip; to cover the tip of.
tip: (To cause) to become knocked over, fall down or overturn.
tip: (To cause) to be, or come to be, in a tilted or sloping position; (to cause) to become unbalanced.
tip: To cause the contents of a container to be emptied out by tilting it.
tip: To drink.
tip: To dump (refuse).
tip: To pour a libation or a liquid from a container, particularly from a forty of malt liquor.
tip: To deflect with one′s fingers, especially one′s fingertips.
tip: To hit quickly and lightly; to tap.
tip: To give a small gratuity to, especially to an employee of someone who provides a service.
tip: To give, pass.
tip: To give a piece of private information to; to inform (someone) of a clue, secret knowledge, etc.
tip: To predict or bet on something having a particular outcome.
mud: To make muddy or dirty; to apply mud to (something).
mud: To make turbid.
mud: To go under the mud, as an eel does.
mud: To participate in a MUD or multi-user dungeon.
BBQ: Abbreviation of barbecue.
sip: To drink slowly, small mouthfuls at a time.
sip: To drink a small quantity.
sip: To taste the liquor of; to drink out of.
sip: Alternative form of seep
sip: To consume slowly.
dim: To make something less bright.
dim: To become darker.
dim: To render dim, obscure, or dark; to make less bright or distinct
dim: To deprive of distinct vision; to hinder from seeing clearly, either by dazzling or clouding the eyes; to darken the senses or understanding of.
nod: To incline the head up and down, as to indicate agreement.
nod: To briefly incline the head downwards as a cursory greeting.
nod: To sway, move up and down.
nod: To gradually fall asleep.
nod: To signify by a nod.
nod: To make a mistake by being temporarily inattentive or tired
nod: To head; to strike the ball with one's head.
nod: To allude to something.
nod: To fall asleep while under the influence of opiates.
hum: To make a sound from the vocal chords without pronouncing any real words, with one's lips closed.
hum: To express by humming.
hum: To drone like certain insects naturally do in motion, or sounding similarly
hum: To buzz, be busily active like a beehive
hum: To produce low sounds which blend continuously
hum: To reek, smell bad.
hum: To flatter by approving; to cajole; to deceive or impose upon; to humbug.
PDF: To convert to PDF format.
deg: To sprinkle, moisten.
dip: To lower into a liquid.
dip: To immerse oneself; to become plunged in a liquid; to sink.
dip: (of a value or rate) To decrease slightly.
dip: To lower a light's beam.
dip: To lower (a flag), particularly a national ensign, to a partially hoisted position in order to render or to return a salute. While lowered, the flag is said to be “at the dip.” A flag being carried on a staff may be dipped by leaning it forward at an approximate angle of 45 degrees.
dip: To treat cattle or sheep by immersion in chemical solution.
dip: To use a dip stick to check oil level in an engine.
dip: To consume snuff by placing a pinch behind the lip or under the tongue so that the active chemical constituents of the snuff may be absorbed into the system for their narcotic effect.
dip: To immerse for baptism.
dip: To wet, as if by immersing; to moisten.
dip: To plunge or engage thoroughly in any affair.
dip: To take out, by dipping a dipper, ladle, or other receptacle, into a fluid and removing a part; often with out.
dip: To perform the action of plunging a dipper, ladle. etc. into a liquid or soft substance and removing a part.
dip: To engage as a pledge; to mortgage.
dip: To perform (a bow or curtsey) by inclining the body.
dip: To incline downward from the plane of the horizon.
dip: To perform a dip dance move (often phrased with the leader as the subject noun and the follower as the subject noun being dipped)
dip: To briefly lower the body by bending the knees while keeping the body in an upright position, usually in rhythm, as when singing or dancing.
dip: To leave.
dip: To miss out on seeing a sought after bird.
hug: To crouch; to huddle as with cold.
hug: To cling closely together.
hug: To embrace by holding closely, especially in the arms.
hug: To stay close to (the shore etc.)
hug: To hold fast; to cling to; to cherish.
mum: To act in a pantomime or dumb show.
dap: To run or go somewhere quickly.
dap: To create a hollow indentation.
dap: To drop the bait gently onto the surface of the water.
dap: To greet with a dap.
3rd: Abbreviation of third.
hmm: To make a thoughtful humming noise.
jug: To stew in an earthenware jug etc.
jug: To put into jail.
jug: To utter a sound like "jug", as certain birds do, especially the nightingale.
jug: To nestle or collect together in a covey.
jug: to issue a detention (to a student)
jug: To hustle or make money, usually aggressively.
jug: To acquire or obtain through force; snatch, steal; to rob, especially in reference to jugging (which see).
vex: To annoy, irritate.
vex: To cause (mental) suffering to; to distress.
vex: To trouble aggressively, to harass.
vex: To twist, to weave.
vex: To be irritated; to fret.
vex: To toss back and forth; to agitate; to disquiet.
vac: To vacuum; to clean with a vacuum cleaner.
rig: To fit out with a harness or other equipment.
rig: To equip and fit (a ship) with sails, shrouds, and yards.
rig: To fit out with a harness or other equipment.
rig: To move (a heavy object) with the help of slings, hoists, block and tackle, levers, or similar equipment.
rig: To dress or clothe in some costume.
rig: To make or construct something in haste or in a makeshift manner.
rig: To manipulate something dishonestly for personal gain or discriminatory purposes.
rig: To make free with; hence, to steal; to pilfer.
rig: To outfit a model with controls for animation.
rig: To play the wanton; to act in an unbecoming manner; to play tricks.
911: To call emergency services.
PMS: To experience premenstrual syndrome or premenstrual stress.
ETA: Initialism of edited to add.
gin: To remove the seeds from cotton with a cotton gin.
gin: To trap something in a gin.
gin: To begin.
wog: (Of soldiers stationed abroad) to sell something, especially illicit or stolen goods, to the local inhabitants.
wog: To steal.
zip: To close with a zip fastener.
zip: To close as if with a zip fastener.
zip: To compress (one or more computer files) into a single and often smaller file, especially one in the ZIP format.
zip: To subject to the convolution mapping function.
zip: To move rapidly (in a specified direction or to a specified place) with a high-pitched sound.
zip: To move in haste (in a specified direction or to a specified place).
zip: To make (something) move quickly
zip: To travel on a zipline.
rev: To increase the speed of a motor, or to operate at a higher speed.
opt: To choose; select.
jog: To push slightly; to move or shake with a push or jerk, as to gain the attention of; to jolt.
jog: To shake, stir or rouse.
jog: To walk or ride forward with a jolting pace; to move at a heavy pace, trudge; to move on or along.
jog: To move at a pace between walking and running, to run at a leisurely pace.
jog: To cause to move at an energetic trot.
jog: To straighten stacks of paper by lightly tapping against a flat surface.
coy: To caress, pet; to coax, entice.
coy: To calm or soothe.
coy: To allure; to decoy.
nav: to navigate
err: To make a mistake.
err: To sin.
err: to stray.
bas: third-person singular simple present indicative of ba
wad: To crumple or crush into a compact, amorphous shape or ball.
wad: To wager.
wad: To insert or force a wad into.
wad: To stuff or line with some soft substance, or wadding, like cotton.
wer: Eye dialect spelling of were.
dop: To fail or to plug (an examination, standard or grade)
dop: To dip or duck.
dop: To drink alcohol.
mob: To crowd around (someone), sometimes with hostility.
mob: To crowd into or around a place.
mob: To wrap up in, or cover with, a cowl.
urn: To place in an urn.
max: To reach the limit; to reach the maximum.
lek: To take part in the courtship and display behaviour of a lek.
lek: To play.
tug: To pull or drag with great effort.
tug: To pull hard repeatedly.
tug: To tow by tugboat.
tug: To masturbate.
sez: Eye dialect spelling of says.
tab: To affix with tabs; to label.
tab: To use the Tab key on a computer to advance the cursor or move the input focus, or on a typewriter to advance the carriage.
mux: To make a mess of something; to botch.
mux: To multiplex.
JFK: To put to death; to assassinate, especially for political reasons.
JFK: To conduct research about the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
JFK: To hold similar political beliefs or behave in a similar manner to John F. Kennedy.
coo: To make a soft murmuring sound, as a pigeon.
coo: To speak in an admiring fashion, to be enthusiastic about.
mom: To care for in a motherly way.
min: to bring to the mind of; remind
min: to remember
min: to mention
BMX: To ride a BMX bike.
ope: To open.
goo: To apply goo to something.
goo: To produce baby talk.
goo: Elongated form of go.
goo: Pronunciation spelling of go.
dit: To stop up; block (an opening); close (compare Scots dit).
dit: To close up.
nom: Clipping of nominate.
nom: To eat with noisy enjoyment. [+ on (object)]
nom: To eat with noisy enjoyment.
pix: Obsolete spelling of pyx
lue: To sift using a sieve, particularly in mining tin or silver.
dib: To dig a hole by poking; especially, to dig a small hole in soil for the purpose of planting a bulb or seed
dib: To move in a rapid, cautious manner; especially, with movement like a mouse or rat.
dib: Alternative form of dyb
hew: To chop away at; to whittle down; to mow down.
hew: To shape; to form.
hew: To act according to, to conform to; usually construed with to.
CGI: To create visuals using computer-generated imagery; to apply visual effects.
rib: To shape, support, or provide something with a rib or ribs.
rib: To tease or make fun of someone in a good-natured way.
rib: To enclose, as if with ribs, and protect; to shut in.
rib: To leave strips of undisturbed ground between the furrows in ploughing (land).
abs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ab
ACK: To acknowledge a packet or a message received from a network.
jew: Alternative letter-case form of Jew
rog: To shake.
abe: To be.
haz: Eye dialect spelling of has.
haz: Alternative spelling of have.
sam: To assemble.
sam: To bring together; join (in marriage, friendship, love, etc.).
sam: To bring together; collect; put in order; arrange.
sam: To assemble; come together.
sam: To coagulate; curdle (milk).
KBO: Initialism of keep buggering on.
meg: To nutmeg an opponent.
dee: To do.
hog: To greedily take more than one's share, to take precedence at the expense of another or others.
hog: To clip the mane of a horse, making it short and bristly.
hog: To scrub with a hog, or scrubbing broom.
hog: To cause the keel of a ship to arch upwards (the opposite of sag).
hog: To process (bark, etc.) into hog fuel.
fug: To create a fug (heavy unpleasant atmosphere).
fug: To be surrounded by a fug (heavy unpleasant atmosphere).
fug: To put into a fug (daze).
fug: To remain indoors, usually understood as being in a tightly closed room.
fug: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fug: Used to express displeasure.
fug: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fug: To damage or destroy.
fug: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fug: To copulate with.
TOS: Initialism of taken on strength.
ICE: To occupy a reserved electric car parking space (especially one equipped with a charger) with a traditional car equipped with an internal combustion engine.
DAW: Initialism of dispense as written.
DOE: Initialism of Depends On Experience.
DWI: Initialism of deal with it.
txt: To text; to send a text message (to).
D&D: Initialism of drink and drive.
D&D: Initialism of dine and dash.
fl.: Abbreviation of floruit (“flourished”).
JIT: To perform a just-in-time operation (usually compiling).
pox: To infect with the pox, or syphilis.
int: To intentionally throw a game or match, to deliberately die or lose (to harm one's team); (by extension) to die, to lose.
int: To make a bad play, even if it's unintentional.
lib: To geld; castrate; emasculate (usually said of animals).
PCR: To perform a polymerase chain reaction.
tr.: Abbreviation of translate.
tr.: Abbreviation of transpose.
jee: Alternative spelling of gee
buz: Obsolete form of buzz.
nog: to fill in, as between scantling, with brickwork.
nog: to fasten, as shores, with treenails.
AND: To combine (a value) with another value by means of this operator.
PAP: post a picture
DoS: To commit a denial-of-service attack against.
mun: Must.
dep: To deputize.
dep: depart or departs
dep: deposed
tub: To plant, set, or store in a tub.
tub: To bathe in a tub.
zzz: To sleep or snore.
sed: To edit a file or stream of text using sed.
sed: Eye dialect spelling of said.
mic: Alternative form of mike
RTU: Initialism of return to unit.
gan: simple past of gin
gan: To go.
rug: To cover with a rug.
rug: To pull roughly or hastily; to plunder; to spoil; to tear.
bop: To strike gently or playfully.
bop: To dance to music with a marked beat.
bop: To walk casually; to stroll.
bop: To have sex.
bop: To fellate.
vom: vomit
ump: To act as an umpire (in).
fet: To fetch.
pur: Dated form of purr
404: To return an error indicating that a web page could not be found.
viz: Clipping of visualize.
daw: To dawn.
daw: To wake (someone) up.
daw: To daunt; to terrify.
ins: insert
RIF: To lay off from work due to a reduction in force.
gen: To generate using an automated process, especially a computer program.
gen: To genetically engineer.
fid: To support a topmast using a fid.
CBF: Initialism of can't be fucked.
ops: third-person singular simple present indicative of op
dec: Abbreviation of decrease.
jut: To stick out.
jut: To butt.
pwn: To own, to defeat or dominate (someone or something, especially a game or someone playing a game).
mue: Alternative spelling of mew (“to moult”)
CTC: Initialism of Check The Classification (that is given to films to allow advertising prior to their official classification)
CTC: Install or convert to Centralized Traffic Control.
DVR: To record (a broadcast) using a digital video recorder.
pup: To give birth to pups.
wop: Alternative form of whop (“to hit or strike”)
yar: To snarl; to gnar.
yar: To growl, especially like a dog; quarrel; to be captious or troublesome.
sob: To weep with convulsive gasps.
sob: To say (something) while sobbing.
sob: To soak.
gif: Alternative letter-case form of GIF
dak: To suddenly pull down someone's pants as a prank; to pants.
dup: to open (a door, gate etc.)
gaw: to stare or gape
luv: Deliberate misspelling of love.
DNF: Initialism of did not finish.
DNF: Initialism of did not find.
DNF: Initialism of do not follow.
DNF: To fail to finish an event.
lus: third-person singular simple present indicative of lu
ort: To turn away from with disgust; refuse.
dyb: In the scouting movement, to chant dyb, meaning "do your best" (to follow the scouting laws).
ake: Archaic spelling of ache.
rez: Clipping of resurrect.
rez: To spawn or load into the game.
aww: To make an aww sound.
ahh: Alternative spelling of aah
umm: Alternative form of um (“to make the umm sound to express confusion or hesitancy”).
ooh: To exclaim ooh.
ups: third-person singular simple present indicative of up
yuk: To laugh exuberantly.
quo: quoth
rax: To stretch; stretch out.
rax: To reach out; reach or attain to.
rax: To extend the hand to; hand or pass something.
rax: To perform the act of reaching or stretching; stretch oneself; reach for or try to obtain something
rax: To stretch after sleep.
rec: To recommend.
rec: To record.
pyx: To place (the host) in a pyx.
pyx: To enclose (something) in a box or other container; specifically, to place (a deceased person's body) in a coffin; to coffin, to encoffin.
pyx: To deposit (sample coins) in a pyx; (by extension) to test (such coins) for the fineness of metal and weight before a mint issues them to the public.
XOR: To perform the XOR function upon.
jap: To carry out a sneak attack upon (something or somebody).
lin: To desist, to stop to cease.
sny: move, proceed
sny: Abound, swarm, teem, be infested, with something.
dob: To report (a person) to someone in authority for a wrongdoing.
dob: To do one's share; to contribute.
dob: To nominate a person, often in their absence, for an unpleasant task.
dob: To play truant
dob: In the scouting movement, to chant dob to indicate that one will do one's best to follow the scouting laws.
fal: Obsolete spelling of fall
ees: Alternative spelling of is
eep: To vocalise a short scream or yelp; to produce an eep.
eep: To sleep.
rit: To scratch or score.
rit: To tear, rip, rend.
rit: To slit.
mak: Alternative form of make
mog: To be significantly more attractive than (someone or something); to dominate in appearance.
mog: To be superior to in general.
mog: To move or walk slowly; to trudge, amble; (more broadly) to go.
mog: To cause to move; to drive.
mog: In the game of costly colours: to exchange (a card) with the dealer.
mog: To remove (a public servant) from their position following a Machinery of Government change, a process in which the Government of Australia reorganizes the responsibilities and structure of the government.
yex: to hiccup
yex: to belch or burp
div: Abbreviation of divide.
vag: To arrest somebody as a vagrant.
vag: To drag; to trail on the ground.
vag: To bend; to give; to yield.
vag: To flap; to blow in the wind.
MST: To mock a work (typically a fanfic) by inserting satirical commentary.
fum: To play upon a fiddle.
moe: Obsolete form of moo.
moe: Obsolete form of mow (“to make faces”).
ums: third-person singular simple present indicative of um
yel: Obsolete spelling of yell
zot: To zap, kill, or destroy.
wot: To know (in the sense of knowing a fact).
wot: first-person singular present indicative of wit
wot: third-person singular simple present indicative of wit
vax: To vaccinate.
adz: Alternative spelling of adze
hav: Informal spelling of have.
riz: rose or risen.
msg: Abbreviation of message.
hyd: simple past of hyde
ure: To use; to exercise; to inure; to accustom by practice.
wuz: Eye dialect spelling of was.
eld: To age, become or grow old.
eld: To delay; linger.
eld: To make old, age.
ast: Pronunciation spelling of asked, simple past and past participle of ask
wis: To know.
wis: To think, suppose.
wis: To imagine, ween; to deem.
DTR: Initialism of define the relationship.
ssh: Synonym of shush
ssh: To use ssh to connect to a remote computer.
diz: To pass wool through a diz.
diz: third-person singular simple present indicative of de
diz: third-person singular simple present indicative of dee
wap: To beat; to whap.
wap: To engage in sexual intercourse.
wap: To wrap or bind.
lau: To place upon; to put down onto.
aks: To ask.
R&R: Initialism of revise and resubmit.
R&R: Initialism of read and review: used to request that people read a work (generally fan fiction) and give feedback.
nub: To hit the ball weakly.
nub: To push; to nudge.
nub: To beckon.
naa: Alternative spelling of knaa
RTS: Initialism of return to service.
NPC: To act as an NPC (“non-player character”) in a game.
nop: To replace machine code with nop instructions when modifying software.
nep: Of cotton: to form knots.
hae: Alternative form of have
ent: To empty or pour.
DJs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DJ
wil: Obsolete spelling of will
gaf: Initialism of give a fuck.
ers: third-person singular simple present indicative of er
tew: To tow along, as a vessel.
tew: To prepare (leather, hemp, etc.) by beating or working; to taw.
tew: To beat; to scourge.
tew: To muddle; to mix up.
tew: To work at or worry.
tew: To harangue or argue with.
tew: To tease; to vex or worry.
tew: To work hard; to strive.
ert: To incite; urge on; encourage.
ert: To irritate; grill; provoke.
ert: To be eager, prone; hurry.
ert: To make as if to strike; argue (with); strive after; try to obtain.
ert: To strive onward and upward.
nim: To take or seize.
nim: To filch, steal, pilfer.
nim: To walk with short, quick strides; trip along.
MRB: To send a failed component through the MRB process.
hed: Pronunciation spelling of had, representing dialectal English.
hed: simple past tense and past participle of heed
gry: To have a slight bout or fit of ague (chills or shaking due to cold or fever).
RVs: third-person singular simple present indicative of RV
pan: To wash in a pan (of earth, sand etc. when searching for gold).
pan: To disparage; to belittle; to put down; to harshly criticize, especially a work (book, movie, etc.)
pan: To turn out well; to be successful.
pan: To beat one's opposition convincingly.
pan: To turn horizontally.
pan: To move the camera lens angle while continuing to expose the film, enabling a contiguous view and enrichment of context. In still-photography large-group portraits the film usually remains on a horizontal fixed plane as the lens and/or the film holder moves to expose the film laterally. The resulting image may extend a short distance laterally or as great as 360 degrees from the point where the film first began to be exposed.
pan: To shift an image relative to the display window without changing the viewing scale.
pan: To spread a sound signal into a new stereo or multichannel sound field, typically giving the impression that it is moving across the sound stage.
pan: To join or fit together; to unite.
OOP: To use object-oriented programming for a task.
wox: simple past of wax (“to become”)
cun: To know.
cun: Alternative form of conn (“direct or steer a ship”)
hev: Pronunciation spelling of have, representing dialectal English.
OKs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OK
rud: To become red; redden.
rud: To make red.
EDC: To carry every day; to carry daily.
wye: To make something into a wye (letter Y) shape.
wye: To reverse the direction of a train using a wye.
dod: to cut off, as wool from sheep's tails, or horns from a cattle; to lop or clip off
wud: Alternative form of would
taw: To prepare or dress, as hemp, by beating; to tew.
taw: To beat; to scourge.
taw: To dress and prepare, as the skins of sheep, lambs, goats, and kids, for gloves, etc., by imbuing them with alum, salt, and other agents, for softening and bleaching them.
taw: To dress and prepare, as the skins of sheep, lambs, goats, and kids, for gloves, etc., by imbuing them with alum, salt, and other agents, for softening and bleaching them.
taw: To turn (animals' hide) into leather, usually by soaking it in a certain solution.
taw: To shoot a marble.
taw: To push; to tug; to tow.
fub: To put off by trickery; to cheat.
fub: To steal.
ha': Alternative spelling of a (“have”)
tye: Obsolete form of tie.
GIs: third-person singular simple present indicative of GI
oms: third-person singular simple present indicative of om
pue: To make a low whistling sound; to chirp, as birds.
TTY: Initialism of talk to you.
yok: Alternative form of yock
lul: Alternative form of LOL
fak: Alternative form of fuck
vse: obsolete typography of use
ahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ah
dyd: Obsolete spelling of did
arr: To say “arr” like a pirate.
c'n: Pronunciation spelling of can (the modal verb).
GPL: To release under the GPL.
sug: To market a product or service by means of purported market research.
owd: simple past and past participle of owe
wuv: Alternative form of love
ohs: third-person singular simple present indicative of oh
fav: Alternative spelling of fave
bip: To make or cause to make a short beeping or blipping sound.
bip: To hit lightly.
bip: To break into a car and steal its contents.
bip: To break into a car and steal its contents.
bip: To rob; steal.
oke: simple past of ache
oke: simple past of ake
gay: To make happy or cheerful.
gay: To cause (something, e.g. AIDS) to be associated with homosexual people.
sk8: Alternative spelling of skate
'a': Pronunciation spelling of have.
SSK: slip, slip, knit
mab: To dress untidily.
fap: To masturbate.
fat: To make fat; to fatten.
fat: To become fat; to fatten.
fat: To hit (a golf ball) with a fat shot.
lew: To make warm or lukewarm.
lew: To become warm.
lew: To shelter from the wind.
lew: Alternative form of lue: to sift, particularly while mining tin or silver.
woz: Eye dialect spelling of was.
jol: to party
pre: Clipping of pre-drink.
pre: Clipping of precum.
QSO: To communicate (with) by means of amateur radio.
jit: To compile (program code for a virtual machine) immediately when needed, as part of the execution process.
ack: Alternative form of ACK.
ETL: Initialism of extract, transform, load.
IDs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ID
agg: Alternative form of egg (“encourage”)
rif: Alternative letter-case form of RIF
fiz: Archaic form of fizz.
PCC: Initialism of pa chew cheng.
KOS: Initialism of kill on sight: used in addition to a target player's username to alert teammates of a suspicious player that should be killed when seen.
luh: Pronunciation spelling of love, representing African-American Vernacular English.
ELT: Initialism of extract, load, transform.
cag: To vex; annoy; insult, offend; grieve.
cag: To chatter, gossip.
sab: To sabotage, especially fox hunts in opposition to blood sports.
gub: To defeat.
ern: To run; flow.
ern: To (cause to) coagulate; curdle (milk) by adding rennet and applying heat.
ern: To stir with strong emotion; grieve; mourn.
ern: To pain; torture.
ern: (of the eyes) To cause to water; smart.
bcc: To send something by blind carbon copy.
kno: Informal spelling of know.
cub: To give birth to cubs.
cub: To hunt fox cubs.
cub: To shut up or confine.
sux: Sucks (in the sense of being inferior or objectionable).
GIF: To create a GIF file of (an image or video sequence, especially relating to an event).
DFL: To come in last place.
TAS: To create or contribute to a tool-assisted speedrun or superplay.
hes: Pronunciation spelling of has, representing dialectal English.
yot: To unite closely; to fasten; to rivet.
wos: Eye dialect spelling of was.
rox: Alternative spelling of rocks (“in sense of excelling, being great”)
69s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 69
ad.: Abbreviation of adapt.
ad.: Abbreviation of adapted.
ad.: Abbreviation of addantur.
ad.: Abbreviation of adde.
vye: Obsolete form of vie.
tsk: To make a tsk sound of disapproval.
goe: Archaic spelling of go.
hez: Pronunciation spelling of has.
ush: To usher: to perform the action of an usher: to escort.
zay: Pronunciation spelling of say. (usually signifying a foreign accent, often French or German).
fwd: Abbreviation of forward.
D/L: download
86s: third-person singular simple present indicative of 86
shd: Abbreviation of should.
ted: To spread hay for drying.
PCs: third-person singular simple present indicative of PC
gip: Alternative form of gyp
gip: To take out the entrails of (herrings).
gip: to retch
onz: Attending; coming; joining; participating
wus: Eye dialect spelling of was.
PMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of PM
nig: To behave as a stereotypical black person.
SMH: to shake one's head.
RTF: Initialism of return the favour.
RTF: Initialism of return to flight.
d/l: Abbreviation of download.
tlk: talk
spk: Abbreviation of speak.
wnt: want
rew: simple past of row
OTK: To defeat a player with a one turn kill.
'it: Pronunciation spelling of hit (in the senses "punch", "kill", etc).
cnx: Abbreviation of cancel.
cnx: Abbreviation of cancelled.
geg: To walk carelessly or in a careless manner.
geg: To swing.
hye: Obsolete spelling of hie
NFA: To formally end the police investigation of a suspect with no further action.
dox: Alternative form of doxx (“publish the personal information of (an individual) without their consent”)
NTR: to cuck
igg: To ignore deliberately.
ean: To bring forth young; to yean.
RON: Abbreviation of remain overnight.
fuk: Deliberate misspelling of fuck.
yed: To speak; sing.
yed: To magnify greatly in narration; exaggerate a tale; fib.
yed: To contend; wrangle.
yed: To burrow underground, as a rabbit or mole; also said of miners.
yed: To be associated with a place or locality.
aik: To drive.
CLS: Initialism of comment, like and share.
CLS: Initialism of clear screen.
poz: To infect (someone) with a sexually transmitted disease.
poz: To say something positive to someone about themselves.
cly: To seize; to steal.
DRY: To cause code to become DRY; to remove repetition from code.
kaw: Alternative form of caw
wex: Obsolete form of wax.
orn: To ornament; to adorn.
h/o: Abbreviation of hold on.
noy: To annoy; to harm or injure.
hox: To hock; to hamstring; to cripple; to disable.
vab: To wear one's own vaginal fluid as perfume, as a purported aphrodisiac.
wep: simple past and past participle of weep
cp.: Abbreviation of compare.
syh: Obsolete form of saw.
ugg: Alternative spelling of ug
ugg: To eat a light meal.
elt: To injure (anything) by rough handling; handle roughly.
elt: To begrime; soil with mud; daub; smear.
elt: To work persistently or laboriously; be occupied in working (e.g. in the earth, rake among dirt, etc.).
elt: To meddle; interfere.
elt: To knead dough; stir dough previously kneaded to a proper consistency before baking.
elt: To become soft; become moist, as damp earth.
dog: To pursue with the intent to catch.
dog: To follow in an annoying or harassing way.
dog: To fasten a hatch securely.
dog: To watch, or participate, in sexual activity in a public place.
dog: To intentionally restrict one's productivity as employee; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished.
dog: To criticize.
dog: To divide (a watch) with a comrade.
bzz: To make a buzzing sound like that of a bee or wasp.
BBM: To send (a message) via the BlackBerry Messenger service.
BBM: To send a message to (a person) via the BlackBerry Messenger service.
bae: To make the sound of a wild animal, to bay.
pfb: purl into front and back of same stitch
yrn: yarn round needle
pbf: purl into back and front of same stitch
'ud: Nonstandard spelling of would.
arb: To engage in arbitrage.
eef: To make a vocal rhythm in which some sounds are made by inhaling.
eef: To inhale as part of such a rhythm.
r/o: Initialism of rule out: used to indicate that a certain possible diagnosis should be considered, and appropriate tests performed to rule it out.
BMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of BM
fow: To clean, cleanse (out), as in cooking utensils or house maintenance.
uls: third-person singular simple present indicative of ul
FFD: Abbreviation of fast forward.
pog: To open one's mouth in surprise or excitement in an exaggerated manner.
wub: To love.
wub: To produce this sound.
DCd: Abbreviation of disconnected.
'ad: Alternative form of had
wuk: Pronunciation spelling of work, representing African-American Vernacular English.
LoC: To write a letter of comment to a periodical.
FIF: Finish In Field
ob.: Died.
MCs: third-person singular simple present indicative of MC
ugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ug
req: Abbreviation of request.
DMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DM
GMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of GM
STs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ST
LNT: Initialism of leave no trace.
DLs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DL
ULs: third-person singular simple present indicative of UL
XQs: Informal spelling of excuse.
twt: Abbreviation of tweet.
TAd: simple past and past participle of TA
TAs: third-person singular simple present indicative of TA
DfV: Initialism of dig for victory.
utz: To prod; goad; push someone's buttons
keb: Of a ewe, to abort a lamb.
KOs: third-person singular simple present indicative of KO
PBs: third-person singular simple present indicative of PB
're: contracted form of are (inflection of the verb "to be")
♥'s: third-person singular simple present indicative of ♥
ehs: present of eh
ehh: Alternative form of eh
SLG: To have a certain slugging percentage.
h8s: third-person singular simple present indicative of h8
d—n: Censored spelling of damn.
f—k: Censored spelling of fuck.
ept: simple past of eep
d/c: Abbreviation of discontinue.
d/c: Abbreviation of discharge.
rvv: Initialism of revert vandalism; used in edit summaries to indicate that the editor has reverted another user's vandalism of a page.
igs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ig
RMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of RM
F5s: third-person singular simple present indicative of F5
i'n: isn't
1v1: To compete as one player pitted against one other player.
DNI: Initialism of do not intubate.
DNI: Initialism of do not install.
DNI: Initialism of do not interact.
fuq: Deliberate misspelling of fuck.
sye: To say.
*69: To use the last-call return service
*69: To trace back, backtrace
WFH: Initialism of work from home.
fks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fk
CMI: Initialism of cannot make it.
GVR: To issue a GVR order.
jux: To rob somebody of something.
RDM: To arbitrarily kill players in a video game, typically players on one's own team when friendly fire is enabled.
yab: To satirize or roast; to abuse verbally.
KMS: Kill myself.
NFT: To associate a non-fungible token (NFT) with.
OHK: Initialism of one-hit kill.
kms: Alternative form of KMS (“kill myself”).
TPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of TP
NOP: Alternative letter-case form of nop
♥'d: simple past and past participle of ♥
♥ed: simple past and past participle of ♥
w8s: third-person singular simple present indicative of w8
PvP: To engage in player versus player activity.
agé: To act for another (as a law agent or solicitor).
fck: Censored spelling of fuck.
PuG: To participate in structured content of an online game as part of a pickup group.
G4I: Initialism of go for it.
'as: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'ave
cwy: Alternative form of cry
J/O: Abbreviation of jack off or jerk off.
rmv: Abbreviation of remove.
NMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of NM
cld: Abbreviation of could.
wld: Abbreviation of would.
ODs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OD
orp: To complain, grumble, or be discontented.
orp: To be in ill health; to be sickly and shrivelled.
ioy: obsolete typography of joy
hcs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hc
FRs: third-person singular simple present indicative of FR
fmt: Abbreviation of format.
'rt: Contracted form of art; only used in thou'rt.
DXs: third-person singular simple present indicative of DX
41%: To kill oneself.
🧢ed: simple past and past participle of 🧢.
D&M: To participate in a D&M.
𐑕𐑰𐑯: seen
𐑣𐑨𐑝: have
𐑢𐑦𐑤: will
𐑑𐑰𐑗: teach
OEs: third-person singular simple present indicative of OE
@ed: simple past and past participle of @
rmb: Pseudo-acronym of remember.
