ablude: To be unlike; to differ.
abegge: Alternative form of aby
abased: simple past and past participle of abase
abrook: To brook; to endure.
abjure: To renounce upon oath; to forswear; to disavow.
abjure: To cause one to renounce or recant.
abjure: To reject with solemnity; to abandon forever; to repudiate; to disclaim.
abjure: To abstain from; to avoid; to shun.
abduce: To draw; to conduct away; to take away; to withdraw; to draw to a different part; to move a limb out away from the center of the body; abduct.
abduce: To draw a conclusion, especially in metanalysis; to deduce.
abraid: To wrench (something) out.
abraid: To wake up.
abraid: To spring, start, make a sudden movement.
abraid: To shout out.
abraid: To rise in the stomach with nausea.
abrase: To wear down; rub clean; smoothen; abrade.
absist: To stand apart from; to leave off; to desist.
abrade: To rub or wear off; erode.
abrade: To wear down or exhaust, as a person; irritate.
abrade: To irritate by rubbing; chafe.
abrade: To cause the surface to become more rough.
abrade: To undergo abrasion.
abrade: Obsolete spelling of abraid
abduct: To take away by force; to carry away (a human being) wrongfully and usually with violence or deception; to kidnap.
abduct: To draw away, as a limb or other part, from the median axis of the body.
absume: To consume gradually; to waste away.
accend: To set on fire; to kindle.
barter: To exchange goods or services without involving money.
abound: To be full to overflowing.
abound: To be wealthy.
abound: To be highly productive.
abound: To be present or available in large numbers or quantities; to be plentiful.
abound: To revel in.
abound: To be copiously supplied with.
accoil: To gather together; to collect.
ablaut: To undergo a change of vowel.
ablaut: To cause to change a vowel.
accloy: To drive a nail into a horseshoe; to lame.
accloy: To overfill; to fill to satiety; to stuff full.
accloy: To clog, clog up; to block.
accloy: To be disgusting to.
accite: To summon.
accite: To cite, quote.
accite: To excite, to induce.
abject: To cast off or out (someone or something); to reject, especially as contemptible or inferior.
abject: To cast down (someone or something); to abase; to debase; to degrade; to lower; also, to forcibly impose obedience or servitude upon (someone); to subjugate.
abject: Of a fungus: to (forcibly) give off (spores or sporidia).
dotcom: To convert to using or being based on e-commerce.
august: To make ripe; ripen.
august: To bring to realization.
tables: third-person singular simple present indicative of table
vivify: To bring to life; to enliven.
vivify: To impart vitality to.
resile: To start back; to recoil; to recede from a purpose.
resile: To spring back; rebound; resume the original form or position, as an elastic body.
pissed: simple past and past participle of piss
accord: To make to agree or correspond; to suit one thing to another; to adjust.
accord: To bring (people) to an agreement; to reconcile, settle, adjust or harmonize.
accord: To agree or correspond; to be in harmony; to be concordant.
accord: To agree in pitch and tone.
accord: To grant as suitable or proper; to concede or award.
accord: To give consent.
accord: To arrive at an agreement.
absent: To keep (oneself) away.
absent: To keep (someone) away.
absent: Stay away; withdraw.
absent: Leave.
abrupt: To tear off or asunder.
abrupt: To interrupt suddenly.
metric: To measure or analyse statistical data concerning the quality or effectiveness of a process.
parole: To release (a prisoner) on the understanding that s/he checks in regularly and obeys the law.
google: To bowl (a cricket ball) so that it performs a googly (“a ball by a leg-break bowler that spins from off to leg (to a right-handed batsman), unlike a normal leg-break delivery”).
google: Of a bowler: to bowl or deliver a googly.
google: Of a cricket ball: to move as in a googly.
google: To search for (something) on the Internet using the Google search engine.
google: To search for (something) on the Internet using any comprehensive search engine.
google: To be locatable in a search of the Internet.
jitter: To be nervous.
jitter: To position data points randomly to avoid visual overlap.
autumn: To spend the autumn (in a particular place).
autumn: To undergo the changes associated with autumn, such as leaves changing color and falling from trees.
Sunday: To spend Sunday (at a certain place, with a certain person or people, etc.).
minute: Of an event, to write in a memo or the minutes of a meeting.
minute: To set down a short sketch or note of; to jot down; to make a minute or a brief summary of.
winter: To spend the winter (in a particular place).
winter: To store something (for instance animals) somewhere over winter to protect it from cold.
hiding: present participle and gerund of hide
hamper: To put into a hamper.
hamper: To put a hamper or fetter on; to shackle.
hamper: To impede in motion or progress.
accept: To receive, especially with a consent, with favour, or with approval.
accept: To admit to a place or a group.
accept: To regard as proper, usual, true, or to believe in.
accept: To receive as adequate or satisfactory.
accept: To receive or admit to; to agree to; to assent to; to submit to.
accept: To endure patiently.
accept: To acknowledge patiently without opposition or resistance.
accept: To agree to pay.
accept: To receive officially.
accept: To receive something willingly.
adverb: To make into or become an adverb.
summer: To spend the summer, as in a particular place on holiday.
pencil: To write (something) using a pencil.
pencil: To mark with, or as if with, a pencil.
treaty: To get into (a specific situation) through a treaty.
treaty: To enter into a treaty.
nigger: To clear land by laying light pieces of round timber across the trunks of the trees and setting fire to them at the point of contact, by which means the trees are slowly burned through.
nigger: To exhaust (soil) by cropping it year by year without manure.
nigger: To perform in blackface.
nigger: To behave as a stereotypical black person.
nigger: To treat as inferior.
letter: To print, inscribe, or paint letters on something.
letter: To earn a varsity letter (award).
policy: To regulate by laws; to reduce to order.
weapon: To equip with a weapon; to arm.
season: To habituate, accustom, or inure (someone or something) to a particular use, purpose, or circumstance.
season: To prepare by drying or hardening, or removal of natural juices.
season: To become mature; to grow fit for use; to become adapted to a climate.
season: To become dry and hard, by the escape of the natural juices, or by being penetrated with other substance.
season: To mingle: to moderate, temper, or qualify by admixture.
season: To impregnate (literally or figuratively).
season: To flavour food with spices, herbs or salt.
shrink: To cause to become smaller.
shrink: To become smaller; to contract.
shrink: To cower or flinch.
shrink: To draw back; to withdraw.
shrink: To withdraw or retire, as from danger.
shrink: To move back or away, especially because of fear or disgust.
secret: To make or keep secret.
secret: To hide secretly.
orange: To color orange.
orange: To become orange.
accrue: To increase, to rise
accrue: To reach or come to by way of increase; to arise or spring up because of growth or result, especially as the produce of money lent.
accrue: To be incurred as a result of the passage of time.
accrue: To accumulate.
accrue: To become an enforceable and permanent right.
offset: To counteract or compensate for, by applying a change in the opposite direction.
offset: To place out of line.
offset: To form an offset in (a wall, rod, pipe, etc.).
number: To total or count; to amount to.
number: To limit to a certain number; to reckon (as by fate) to be few in number.
number: To count; to determine the quantity of.
number: To label (items) with numbers; to assign numbers to (items).
number: To call out and assign a series of numbers (usually to people), either for the sake of dividing into groups or for counting.
number: To enumerate or list, especially while assigning numbers to.
number: To classify or include (in a group of things)
number: To be classified or included (in a certain group or category of things).
accost: To approach and speak to boldly or aggressively, as with a demand or request.
accost: To join side to side; to border.
accost: To sail along the coast or side of.
accost: To approach; to come up to.
accost: To speak to first; to address; to greet.
accost: To adjoin; to lie alongside.
accost: To assault.
accost: To solicit sexually.
second: To agree as a second person to (a proposal), usually to reach a necessary quorum of two. (See etymology 3 for translations.)
second: To follow in the next place; to succeed.
second: To climb after a lead climber.
second: To transfer temporarily to alternative employment.
second: To assist or support; to back.
second: To agree as a second person to (a proposal), usually to reach a necessary quorum of two. (This may come from etymology 1 above.)
second: To accompany by singing as the second performer.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To appear.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To grow, to sprout.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To grow, to sprout.
spring: To mature.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To arise, to come into existence.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To enliven.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To move with great speed and energy.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To be born, descend, or originate from
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To rise in social position or military rank, to be promoted.
spring: To move or burst forth.
spring: To cause to spring (all senses).
spring: To cause to spring (all senses).
spring: To cause to work or open by sudden application of pressure.
spring: To breed with, to impregnate.
spring: To wetten, to moisten.
spring: To burst into pieces, to explode, to shatter.
spring: To go off.
spring: To crack.
spring: To surprise by sudden or deft action.
spring: To come upon and flush out.
spring: To catch in an illegal act or compromising position.
spring: To begin.
spring: To put bad money into circulation.
spring: To tell, to share.
spring: To free from imprisonment, especially by facilitating an illegal escape.
spring: To be free of imprisonment, especially by illegal escape.
spring: To build, to form the initial curve of.
spring: To extend, to curve.
spring: To turn a vessel using a spring attached to its anchor cable.
spring: To pay or spend a certain sum, to yield.
spring: To raise an offered price.
spring: Alternative form of sprain.
spring: Alternative form of strain.
spring: To act as a spring: to strongly rebound.
spring: To equip with springs, especially (of vehicles) to equip with a suspension.
spring: to inspire, to motivate.
spring: To deform owing to excessive pressure, to become warped; to intentionally deform in order to position and then straighten in place.
spring: To swell with milk or pregnancy.
spring: To sound, to play.
spring: To spend the springtime somewhere
spring: to find or get enough food during springtime.
accuse: to find fault with, blame, censure
accuse: to charge with having committed a crime or offence
accuse: to make an accusation against someone
market: To make (products or services) available for sale and promote them.
market: To sell.
market: To deal in a market; to buy or sell; to make bargains for provisions or goods.
market: To shop in a market; to attend a market.
access: To gain or obtain access to.
access: To have access to (data).
mither: To make an unnecessary fuss, moan, bother.
mither: To pester or irritate someone.
mortar: To use mortar or plaster to join two things together.
mortar: To pound in a mortar.
mortar: To fire a mortar (weapon).
mortar: To attack (someone or something) using a mortar (weapon).
smalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of small
donner: To beat up; clobber; thrash.
poison: To use poison to kill or paralyse (somebody).
poison: To pollute; to cause to become poisonous.
poison: To cause to become much worse.
poison: To cause (someone) to hate or to have unfair negative opinions.
poison: To inhibit the catalytic activity of.
poison: To place false information into (a cache) as part of an exploit.
absorb: To include so that it no longer has separate existence; to overwhelm; to cause to disappear as if by swallowing up; to incorporate; to assimilate; to take in and use up.
absorb: To engulf, as in water; to swallow up.
absorb: To suck up; to drink in; to imbibe, like a sponge or as the lacteals of the body; to chemically take in.
absorb: To be absorbed, or sucked in; to sink in.
absorb: To take in energy and convert it.
absorb: in receiving a physical impact or vibration without recoil.
absorb: To take in energy and convert it.
absorb: in receiving sound energy without repercussion or echo.
absorb: To take in energy and convert it.
absorb: taking in radiant energy and converting it to a different form of energy, like heat.
absorb: To take in energy and convert it.
absorb: To engross or engage wholly; to occupy fully.
absorb: To occupy or consume time.
absorb: To assimilate mentally.
absorb: To assume or pay for as part of a commercial transaction.
absorb: To defray the costs.
absorb: To accept or purchase in quantity.
zipper: to close a zipper.
zipper: to put a zipper on an article.
French: Alternative letter-case form of french
cloath: Obsolete form of clothe.
kindle: To start (a fire) or light (a torch, a match, coals, etc.).
kindle: To arouse or inspire (a passion, etc).
kindle: To begin to grow or take hold.
kindle: To bring forth young; to give birth.
eighth: to divide by eight
soccer: To kick the football directly off the ground, without using one's hands.
create: To bring into existence; (sometimes in particular:)
create: To bring into existence out of nothing, without the prior existence of the materials or elements used.
create: To bring into existence; (sometimes in particular:)
create: To make or produce from other (e.g. raw, unrefined or scattered) materials or combinable elements or ideas; to design or invest with a new form, shape, function, etc.
create: To bring into existence; (sometimes in particular:)
create: To cause, to bring (a non-object) about by an action, behavior, or event, to occasion.
create: To confer or invest with a rank or title of nobility, to appoint, ordain or constitute.
create: To be or do something creative, imaginative, originative.
create: In theatre, to be the first performer of a role; to originate a character.
create: To make a fuss, complain; to shout.
throne: To place on a royal seat; to enthrone.
throne: To place in an elevated position; to give sovereignty or dominion to; to exalt.
throne: To be in, or sit upon, a throne; to be placed as if upon a throne.
router: to hollow out or cut using a router power tool.
nickel: To plate with nickel.
nickel: To distribute airborne leaflet propaganda.
fourth: To agree with a proposition or statement after it has already been thirded.
U-turn: To turn a vehicle in a semicircle so as to face the opposite direction.
U-turn: To shift from one opinion or decision to its opposite.
accent: To express the accent of vocally; to utter with accent.
accent: To mark emphatically; to emphasize; to accentuate; to make prominent.
accent: To mark with written accents.
invest: To spend money, time, or energy on something, especially for some benefit or purpose; used with in.
invest: To clothe or wrap (with garments).
invest: To put on (clothing).
invest: To envelop, wrap, cover.
invest: To commit money or capital in the hope of financial gain.
invest: To ceremonially install someone in some office.
invest: To formally give (someone) some power or authority.
invest: To formally give (power or authority).
invest: To surround, accompany, or attend.
invest: To lay siege to.
invest: To make investments.
invest: To prepare for lost wax casting by creating an investment mold (a mixture of a silica sand and plaster).
invest: To cause to be involved in; to cause to form strong attachments to.
invest: To inaugurate the Prime Minister of Spain after a successful parliamentary vote.
church: To conduct a religious service for (a woman after childbirth, or a newly married couple).
church: 1971, Keith Thomas, Religion and the Decline of Magic, Folio Society, published 2012, page 36
church: Nor did it [the Church] accept that the woman should stay indoors until she had been churched.
church: To educate someone religiously, as in in a church.
purple: To turn purple in colour.
purple: To dye purple.
purple: To clothe in purple.
league: To form an association; to unite in a league or confederacy; to combine for mutual support.
tomato: to pelt with tomatoes
tomato: to add tomatoes to (a dish)
tennis: To play tennis.
tennis: To drive backward and forward like a tennis ball.
quaver: To shake in a trembling manner.
quaver: To use the voice in a trembling manner, as in speaking or singing.
quaver: To utter quaveringly.
ground: To connect (an electrical conductor or device) to a ground.
ground: To electrocute.
ground: To punish, especially a child or teenager, by forcing them to stay at home and/or give up certain privileges.
ground: To forbid (an aircraft or pilot) to fly.
ground: To give a basic education in a particular subject; to instruct in elements or first principles.
ground: To hit a ground ball. Compare fly (verb (regular)) and line (verb).
ground: To place something on the ground.
ground: To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed.
ground: To found; to fix or set, as on a foundation, reason, or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly.
ground: To cover with a ground, as a copper plate for etching, or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.
ground: To improve or focus the mental or emotional state of.
ground: To complement a machine learning model with relevant information it was not trained on.
ground: simple past and past participle of grind
nature: To endow with natural qualities.
symbol: To symbolize.
knight: To confer knighthood upon.
knight: To promote (a pawn) to a knight.
unvail: Obsolete spelling of unveil
yellow: To become yellow or more yellow.
yellow: To make (something) yellow or more yellow.
ending: present participle and gerund of end
silver: To acquire a silvery colour.
silver: To cover with silver, or with a silvery metal.
silver: To polish like silver; to impart a brightness to, like that of silver.
silver: To make hoary, or white, like silver.
bisque: To prepare ceramics in the bisque style.
finish: To complete (something).
finish: To apply a treatment to (a surface or similar).
finish: To change an animal's food supply in the months before it is due for slaughter, with the intention of fattening the animal.
finish: To come to an end.
finish: To put an end to; to destroy.
finish: To reach orgasm.
pimple: To develop pimples
upblow: To inflate.
upblow: To explode, blow up.
upblow: To blow in an upward direction.
amount: To total or evaluate.
amount: To be the same as or equivalent to.
amount: To go up; to ascend.
action: To act on a request etc, in order to put it into effect.
action: To initiate a legal action against someone.
person: To represent as a person; to personify; to impersonate.
person: To man, to supply with staff or crew.
advice: Misspelling of advise.
design: To plan and carry out (a picture, work of art, construction etc.).
design: To plan (to do something).
design: To assign, appoint (something to someone); to designate.
design: To mark out and exhibit; to designate; to indicate; to show; to point out; to appoint.
design: To manifest requirements to be satisfied by an object or process for them to solve a problem.
remote: To connect to a computer from a remote location.
neuter: To remove sex organs from an animal to prevent it from having offspring; to castrate or spay, particularly as applied to domestic animals.
neuter: To rid of sexuality.
neuter: To drastically reduce the effectiveness of something.
upbear: To hold up; raise aloft; hold or sustain high
island: To surround with water; make into an island.
island: To set, dot (as if) with islands.
island: To isolate.
answer: To make a reply or response to.
answer: To speak in defence against; to reply to in defence.
answer: To respond to a call by someone at a door or telephone, or other similar piece of equipment.
answer: To suit a need or purpose satisfactorily.
answer: To be accountable or responsible; to make amends.
answer: To file a document in response to a complaint.
answer: To correspond to; to be in harmony with; to be in agreement with.
answer: To be opposite, or to act in opposition.
answer: To be or act in conformity, or by way of accommodation, correspondence, relation, or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; usually with to.
answer: To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation, argument, or justification; to refute.
answer: To be or act in compliance with, in fulfillment or satisfaction of, as an order, obligation, or demand.
answer: To render account to or for.
answer: To atone for; to be punished for.
answer: To be or act as an equivalent to, or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay.
upbind: To bind up.
bepelt: To pelt soundly.
russet: To develop reddish-brown spots; to cause russeting.
suffix: To append (something) to the end of something else.
update: To bring (a thing) up to date.
update: To bring (a person) up to date: to inform (a person) about recent developments.
colour: Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, and UK standard spelling of color.
sister: To strengthen (a supporting beam) by fastening a second beam alongside it.
sister: To be sister to; to resemble closely.
unveil: To remove a veil from; to uncover; to reveal something hidden.
unveil: to show, especially for the first time
unveil: To remove a veil; to reveal oneself.
maroon: To abandon in a remote, desolate place, as on a desert island.
parent: To act as parent, to raise or rear.
parent: To provide a parent object for one or more other objects, which become the children.
martyr: To make someone into a martyr by putting them to death for adhering to, or acting in accordance with, some belief, especially religious; to sacrifice on account of faith or profession.
martyr: To persecute.
martyr: To torment; to torture.
handed: simple past and past participle of hand
flower: To put forth blooms.
flower: To decorate with pictures of flowers.
flower: To reach a state of full development or achievement.
flower: To froth; to ferment gently, as new beer.
flower: To come off as flowers by sublimation.
diesel: To ignite a substance by using the heat generated by compression.
diesel: For a spark-ignition internal combustion engine to continue running after the electrical current to the spark plugs has been turned off. This occurs when there's enough heat in the combustion chamber to ignite the air and fuel mixture without a spark, the same way that heat and pressure cause ignition in a diesel engine.
salmon: To ride a bicycle the wrong way down a one-way street.
safari: To take part in a safari.
square: To adjust so as to align with or place at a right angle to something else; in particular:
square: To place at a right angle to the mast or keel.
square: To adjust so as to align with or place at a right angle to something else; in particular:
square: To rotate the oars so that they are perpendicular to the water.
square: To adjust so as to align with or place at a right angle to something else; in particular:
square: To adjust so as to align with or place at a right angle to something else; in particular
square: To resolve or reconcile; to suit or fit.
square: To adjust or adapt so as to bring into harmony with something.
square: Of a value, term, or expression, to multiply by itself; to raise to the second power.
square: To draw, with a pair of compasses and a straightedge only, a square with the same area as.
square: To tile (completely fill) with squares.
square: To make a short low pass sideways across the pitch
square: To take opposing sides; to quarrel.
square: To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to suit; to fit.
square: To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel.
square: To take a boxing attitude; often with up or off.
square: To form with four sides and four right angles.
square: To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces.
square: To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard.
square: To hold a quartile position respecting.
copper: To sheathe or coat with copper.
gossip: To talk about someone else's private or personal business, especially in a manner that spreads the information.
gossip: To talk idly.
gossip: To stand godfather to; to provide godparents for.
gossip: To enjoy oneself during festivities, to make merry.
gossip: To communicate using a gossip protocol.
travel: To be on a journey, often for pleasure or business and with luggage; to go from one place to another.
travel: To pass from one place to another; to move or transmit.
travel: To move illegally by walking or running without dribbling the ball.
travel: To travel throughout (a place).
travel: To force to journey.
travel: To labour; to travail.
palace: To decorate or ornate.
turtle: To flip over onto the back or top; to turn upside down.
turtle: To move along slowly.
turtle: To turn and swim upside down.
turtle: To hunt turtles, especially in the water.
turtle: To build up a large defense force and strike only occasionally, rather than going for an offensive strategy.
finger: To identify or point out; to blame for something.
finger: To report to or identify for the authorities; to inform on.
finger: To poke, probe, feel, or fondle with a finger or fingers.
finger: To use the fingers to penetrate or sexually stimulate one's own or another person's vulva, vagina, or anus.
finger: To use specified finger positions in producing notes on a musical instrument.
finger: To provide instructions in written music as to which fingers are to be used to produce particular notes or passages.
finger: To query (a user's status) using the Finger protocol.
finger: To steal; to purloin.
finger: To execute, as any delicate work.
bronze: To plate with bronze.
bronze: To color bronze; (of the sun) to tan.
bronze: To change to a bronze or tan colour due to exposure to the sun.
bronze: To make hard or unfeeling; to brazen.
cousin: To address (someone) as "cousin".
cousin: To regard (oneself or someone) as a cousin to another person.
cousin: To associate with someone or something on a close basis.
cousin: To visit a cousin or other relation.
mother: To give birth to or produce (as its female parent) a child. (Compare father.)
mother: To treat as a mother would be expected to treat her child; to nurture.
mother: To cause to contain mother (“that substance which develops in fermenting alcohol and turns it into vinegar”).
mother: To develop mother.
priest: To ordain as a priest.
polder: To reclaim an area of ground from a sea or lake by means of dikes.
bucket: To place inside a bucket.
bucket: To draw or lift in, or as if in, buckets.
bucket: To rain heavily.
bucket: To travel very quickly.
bucket: To ride (a horse) hard or mercilessly.
bucket: To criticize vehemently; to denigrate.
bucket: To categorize (data) by splitting it into buckets, or groups of related items.
bucket: To make, or cause to make (the recovery), with a certain hurried or unskillful forward swing of the body.
father: To be a father to; to sire.
father: To give rise to.
father: To act as a father; to support and nurture.
father: To provide with a father.
father: To adopt as one's own.
clause: To amend (a bill of lading or similar document).
unmask: To remove a mask from someone.
unmask: To expose, or reveal the true character of someone.
unmask: To remove one's mask.
unmask: To cease engaging in masking, to cease disguising one's autism.
unmask: To expose something that was concealed or shielded from an enemy.
unmask: To enable (an interrupt, etc.) by unsetting or setting the associated bit.
canary: to dance nimbly (as in the canary dance)
canary: to inform or snitch, to betray secrets, especially about illegal activities.
canary: to test a software change by rolling out to a small set of machines or users before making it available to all.
jargon: To utter jargon; to emit confused or unintelligible sounds.
saying: present participle and gerund of say
breath: Misspelling of breathe.
phrase: To express (an action, thought or idea) by means of particular words.
phrase: To perform a passage with the correct phrasing.
phrase: To divide into melodic phrases.
listen: To pay attention to a sound or speech.
listen: To expect or wait for a sound, such as a signal.
listen: To accept advice or obey instruction; to agree or assent.
listen: To hear (something or someone), to pay attention to.
toilet: To dress and groom oneself.
toilet: To use (urinate or defecate in) a toilet.
toilet: To assist another (a child, etc.) in using a toilet.
beetle: To move (away) quickly, to scurry away.
beetle: To loom over; to extend or jut.
beetle: To beat with a heavy mallet.
beetle: To finish by subjecting to a hammering process in a beetle or beetling machine.
ad lib: To perform without script.
ad lib: To perform without preparation.
ad lib: To perform extemporaneously.
arisen: past participle of arise
tongue: On a wind instrument, to articulate a note by starting the air with a tap of the tongue, as though by speaking a 'd' or 't' sound (alveolar plosive).
tongue: To manipulate with the tongue, as in kissing or oral sex.
tongue: To protrude in relatively long, narrow sections.
tongue: To join by means of a tongue and groove.
tongue: To talk; to prate.
tongue: To speak; to utter.
tongue: To chide; to scold.
friend: To act as a friend to, to befriend; to be friendly to, to help.
friend: To add (a person) to a list of friends on a social networking site; to officially designate (someone) as a friend.
befell: simple past of befall
piñata: To hit something or someone with sticks after having filled them with candy.
beaten: past participle of beat
betted: simple past and past participle of bet
beheld: simple past and past participle of behold
became: simple past of become
became: past participle of become
burned: simple past and past participle of burn
caught: simple past and past participle of catch
chosen: past participle of choose
chosen: past participle of chuse
befall: To fall upon; fall all over; overtake
befall: To happen.
befall: To happen to.
befall: To fall.
dreamt: simple past and past participle of dream
busted: simple past and past participle of bust
bitten: past participle of bite
fought: simple past and past participle of fight
ribbon: To decorate with ribbon.
ribbon: To stripe or streak.
galaxy: To furnish with galaxies.
galaxy: To gather together into a luminous whole.
fitted: simple past of fit ("to tailor, to change size")
fitted: simple past of fit (other senses)
fitted: past participle of fit (“to tailor, change size”)
fitted: past participle of fit (other senses)
forego: To precede, to go before.
forego: Alternative spelling of forgo; to abandon, to relinquish
bought: simple past and past participle of buy.
driven: past participle of drive
forgot: simple past of forget
forgot: past participle of forget
blonde: Alternative form of blond
street: To build or equip with streets.
street: To eject; to throw onto the streets.
street: To heavily defeat.
street: To go on sale.
street: To proselytize in public.
leaped: simple past and past participle of leap
leaned: simple past and past participle of lean
gotten: past participle of get
behold: To look at or see (someone or something), especially appreciatively; to descry, to look upon.
behold: To contemplate (someone or something).# (intransitive) To look.
learnt: simple past of learn
learnt: past participle of learn
mislay: To leave or lay something in the wrong place and then forget where one put it.
frozen: past participle of freeze
misled: simple past and past participle of mislead
misled: simple past and past participle of misle
become: begin to be; turn into.
become: To come about; happen; come into being; arise.
become: To be proper for; to beseem.
become: Of an adornment, piece of clothing etc.: to look attractive on (someone).
become: To arrive, come (to a place).
hidden: past participle of hide
natter: To talk casually; to discuss unimportant matters.
natter: To nag.
forbid: To disallow; to proscribe.
forbid: To deny, exclude from, or warn off, by express command.
forbid: To oppose, hinder, or prevent, as if by an effectual command.
forbid: To accurse; to blast.
forbid: To defy; to challenge.
drivel: To talk nonsense; to talk senselessly; to drool.
drivel: To have saliva drip from the mouth.
drivel: To be weak or foolish; to dote.
drivel: To move or travel slowly.
drivel: To use up or to be used up.
fallen: past participle of fall
outbid: To bid more than (somebody else) in an auction.
outdid: simple past of outdo
outran: simple past of outrun
choose: To pick; to make the choice of; to select.
choose: To elect.
choose: To decide to act in a certain way.
choose: To prefer; to wish; to desire.
cliché: To use a cliché; to make up a word or a name that sounds like a cliché.
broken: past participle of break
outrun: To run faster than.
outrun: To exceed or overextend.
overdo: To do too much; to exceed what is proper or true in doing; to carry too far.
overdo: To cook for too long.
overdo: To give (someone or something) too much work; to require too much effort or strength of (someone); to use up too much of (something).
overdo: To do more than (someone); to do (something) to a greater extent.
proved: simple past and past participle of prove
redone: past participle of redo
rebind: To bind again.
rebind: To associate a command with a different key.
repaid: simple past and past participle of repay
re-lay: To lay (for example, flooring or railroad track) again.
remade: simple past and past participle of remake
recast: To cast or throw again.
recast: To mould again.
recast: To reproduce in a new form.
recast: To assign (roles in a play or performance) to different actors.
recast: To assign (actors) to different roles.
attend: To listen to (something or someone); to pay attention to; regard; heed.
attend: To listen (to, unto).
attend: To turn one's consideration (to); to deal with (a task, problem, concern etc.), to look after.
attend: To wait upon as a servant etc.; to accompany to assist (someone).
attend: To be present at (an event or place) in order to take part in some action or proceedings; to regularly go to (an event or place).
attend: To go to (a place) for some purpose (with at).
attend: To be present with; to accompany; to be united or consequent to.
attend: To wait for; to await; to remain, abide, or be in store for.
attend: Alternative form of atend ("to kindle").
resell: To sell again.
sought: simple past and past participle of seek
freeze: Especially of a liquid, to become solid due to low temperature.
freeze: To lower something's temperature to the point that it freezes or becomes hard.
freeze: To drop to a temperature below zero degrees celsius, where water turns to ice.
freeze: To be affected by extreme cold.
freeze: (of machines and software) To come to a sudden halt, stop working (functioning).
freeze: (of people and other animals) To stop (become motionless) or be stopped due to attentiveness, fear, surprise, etc.
freeze: To cause someone to become motionless.
freeze: To lose or cause to lose warmth of feeling; to shut out; to ostracize.
freeze: To cause loss of animation or life in, from lack of heat; to give the sensation of cold to; to chill.
freeze: To prevent the movement or liquidation of a person's financial assets
freeze: Of prices, spending etc., to keep at the same level, without any increase.
freeze: To prevent from showing any visible change.
shined: simple past and past participle of shine
rewind: To wind (something) again.
rewind: To wind (something) back, now especially of cassette or video tape, CD, DVD etc.; to go back on a video or audio recording.
rewind: To go back or think back to a previous moment or place, or a previous point in a discourse.
proven: past participle of prove
resold: simple past and past participle of resell
shaken: past participle of shake
ridden: past participle of ride
ridden: past participle of rid
factor: To find all the factors of (a number or other mathematical object) (the objects that divide it evenly).
factor: To be a product of other objects.
factor: To sell a debt or debts to an agent (the factor) to collect.
pigeon: To deceive with a confidence game.
showed: simple past of show
showed: past participle of show (alternative to shown)
shrunk: simple past and past participle of shrink
repeal: To cancel, invalidate, annul.
repeal: To recall; to summon (a person) again; to bring (a person) back from exile or banishment.
repeal: To suppress; to repel.
pledge: To make a solemn promise (to do something).
pledge: To deposit something as a security; to pawn.
pledge: To give assurance of friendship by the act of drinking; to drink to one's health.
allege: To state under oath, to plead.
allege: To cite or quote an author or his work for or against.
allege: To adduce (something) as a reason, excuse, support etc.
allege: To make a claim as justification or proof; to make an assertion without proof.
allege: To lighten, diminish.
remake: To make again.
remake: To make a new, especially updated, version of (a film, video game, etc.).
strewn: past participle of strew
strode: simple past of stride
strode: past participle of stride
struck: simple past and past participle of strike
sprang: simple past of spring
dogged: simple past and past participle of dog
strove: simple past of strive
strove: past participle of strive
strung: simple past and past participle of string
verbal: To allege (usually falsely) that someone has made an oral admission.
taught: simple past and past participle of teach
spoken: past participle of speak
sprung: simple past and past participle of spring
forget: To lose remembrance of.
forget: To unintentionally not do, neglect.
forget: To unintentionally leave something behind.
forget: To cease remembering.
forget: Euphemism for fuck, screw (a mild oath).
upheld: simple past and past participle of uphold
unbind: To take bindings off.
unbind: To set free from a debt, contract or promise.
unbind: To disable some kind of connection in software, such as a key binding.
wetted: simple past and past participle of wet
thrown: past participle of throw
undone: past participle of undo
wedded: simple past and past participle of wed
spoilt: simple past and past participle of spoil
browse: To scan, to casually look through in order to find items of interest, especially without knowledge of what to look for beforehand.
browse: To move about while sampling, such as with food or products on display.
browse: To navigate through hyperlinked documents on a computer, usually with a browser.
browse: To move about while eating parts of plants, especially plants other than pasture, such as shrubs or trees.
browse: To feed on, as pasture; to pasture on; to graze.
stolen: past participle of steal
stride: To walk with long steps.
stride: To stand with the legs wide apart; to straddle.
stride: To pass over at a step; to step over.
stride: To straddle; to bestride.
unwind: To separate (something that is wound up)
unwind: To disentangle
unwind: To relax; to chill out; to rest and become relieved of stress
unwind: To be or become unwound; to be capable of being unwound or untwisted.
unwind: To close out a position, especially a complicated position.
unwind: To undo something.
unwind: To analyse (a call stack) so as to generate a stack trace etc.
weight: To add weight to something; to make something heavier.
weight: To add weight to something; to make something heavier.
weight: To load (fabrics) with barite, etc. to increase the weight.
weight: To load, burden or oppress someone.
weight: To assign weights to individual statistics.
weight: To bias something; to slant.
weight: To handicap a horse with a specified weight.
weight: To give a certain amount of force to a throw, kick, hit, etc.
uphold: To hold up; to lift on high; to elevate.
uphold: To keep erect; to support; to sustain; to keep from falling
uphold: To support by approval or encouragement, to confirm (something which has been questioned)
threat: To press; urge; compel.
threat: To threaten.
threat: To use threats; act or speak menacingly; threaten.
branch: To arise from the trunk or a larger branch of a tree.
branch: To produce branches.
branch: To (cause to) divide into separate parts or subdivisions.
branch: To jump to a different location in a program, especially as the result of a conditional statement.
branch: To strip of branches.
branch: To discipline (a union member) at a branch meeting.
bubble: To produce bubbles, to rise up in bubbles (such as in foods cooking or liquids boiling).
bubble: To churn or foment, as if wishing to rise to the surface.
bubble: To rise through a medium or system, similar to the way that bubbles rise in liquid.
bubble: To cheat, delude.
bubble: To cry, weep.
bubble: To pat a baby on the back so as to cause it to belch.
bubble: To cause to feel as if bubbling or churning.
bubble: To express in a bubbly or lively manner.
bubble: To form into a protruding round shape.
bubble: To cover with bubbles.
bubble: To bubble in; to mark a response on a form by filling in a circular area (‘bubble’).
bubble: To apply a filter bubble, as to search results.
bubble: To join together in a support bubble
bubble: To grass (report criminal activity to the authorities).
strive: To try to achieve a result; to make strenuous effort; to try earnestly and persistently.
strive: To struggle in opposition; to be in contention or dispute; to contend; to contest.
strive: To vie; to compete as a rival.
simple: To gather simples, i.e. medicinal herbs.
nettle: Of the nettle plant and similar physical causes, to sting, causing a rash in someone.
nettle: To pique, irritate, vex or provoke.
thrust: To make advance with force.
thrust: To force something upon someone.
thrust: To push out or extend rapidly or powerfully.
thrust: To push or drive with force; to shove.
thrust: To enter by pushing; to squeeze in.
thrust: To stab; to pierce; usually with through.
impact: To collide or strike, the act of impinging.
impact: To compress; to compact; to press into something or pack together.
impact: To significantly or strongly influence or affect; to have an impact on.
impact: To stamp or impress onto something.
butter: To spread butter on.
butter: To move one's weight backwards or forwards onto the tips or tails of one's skis or snowboard so only the tip or tail is in contact with the snow. Similar to applying butter to bread with then end of a butterknife.
butter: To move one's weight backwards or forwards onto the tips or tails of one's skis or snowboard so only the tip or tail is in contact with the snow. Similar to applying butter to bread with then end of a butterknife.
butter: To spin on skis or a snowboard using only the tips or tails being in contact with the snow
butter: To increase (stakes) at every throw of dice, or every game.
report: To relate details of (an event or incident); to recount, describe (something).
report: To repeat (something one has heard), to retell; to pass on, convey (a message, information etc.).
report: To take oneself (to someone or something) for guidance or support; to appeal.
report: To notify someone of (particular intelligence, suspicions, illegality, misconduct etc.); to make notification to relevant authorities; to submit a formal report of.
report: To make a formal statement, especially of complaint, about (someone).
report: To show up or appear at an appointed time; to present oneself.
report: To write news reports (for); to cover as a journalist or reporter.
report: To be accountable to or subordinate to (someone) in a hierarchy; to receive orders from (someone); to give official updates to (someone who is above oneself in a hierarchy).
report: To return or present as the result of an examination or consideration of any matter officially referred.
report: To take minutes of (a speech, the doings of a public body, etc.); to write down from the lips of a speaker.
report: To refer.
report: To return or repeat, as sound; to echo.
attack: To apply violent force to someone or something.
attack: To aggressively challenge a person, idea, etc., with words (particularly in newspaper headlines, because it typesets into less space than "criticize" or similar).
attack: To begin to affect; to act upon injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste.
attack: To deal with something in a direct way; to set to work upon.
attack: To aim balls at the batsman’s wicket.
attack: To set a field, or bowl in a manner designed to get wickets.
attack: To bat aggressively, so as to score runs quickly.
attack: To move forward in an active attempt to score a point, as opposed to trying not to concede.
attack: To accelerate quickly in an attempt to get ahead of the other riders.
attack: (Of a chemical species) To approach a chemical species or bond in order to form a bond with it.
chance: To happen by chance, to occur.
chance: To befall; to happen to.
chance: To try or risk.
chance: To discover something by chance.
chance: To rob, cheat or swindle someone.
chance: To take an opportunity from someone; to cut a queue.
bright: Often followed by up: to cast light on (someone or something); to brighten, to illuminate.
bright: Often followed by up: to cause (someone or something) to be bright (in various senses); to brighten; specifically, to make (someone or something) energetic, or happy and optimistic.
bright: Often followed by up: to become bright (in various senses); to brighten.
cheese: To prepare curds for making cheese.
cheese: To make holes in a pattern of circuitry to decrease pattern density.
cheese: To smile excessively, as for a camera.
cheese: To stop; to refrain from.
cheese: To anger or irritate someone, usually in combination with "off".
cheese: To use a controversial or unsporting tactic to gain an advantage (especially in a game.)
cheese: To use an unconventional, all-in strategy to take one's opponent by surprise early in the game (especially for real-time strategy games).
circle: To travel around along a curved path.
circle: To surround.
circle: To place or mark a circle around.
circle: To travel in circles.
basket: To place in a basket or baskets.
basket: To cross-collateralize the royalty advances for multiple works so that the creator is not paid until all of those works have achieved a certain level of success.
button: To fasten with a button.
button: To be fastened by a button or buttons.
button: To stop talking.
differ: Not to have the same traits or characteristics; to be unalike or distinct.
differ: To have diverging opinions, disagree.
differ: To be separated in quantity.
rumour: Commonwealth standard spelling of rumor.
bridge: To be or make a bridge over something.
bridge: To span as if with a bridge.
bridge: To transition from one piece or section of music to another without stopping.
bridge: To connect two or more computer buses, networks etc. with a bridge.
bridge: To go to the bridge position.
bridge: To employ the bridge tactic. (See Noun section.)
impose: To establish or apply by authority.
impose: To be an inconvenience. (on or upon)
impose: To enforce: compel to behave in a certain way.
impose: To practice a trick or deception (on or upon).
impose: To lay on, as the hands, in the religious rites of confirmation and ordination.
impose: To arrange in proper order on a table of stone or metal and lock up in a chase for printing; said of columns or pages of type, forms, etc.
impose: To place an encumbrance or burden on.
cuckoo: To make the call of a cuckoo.
cuckoo: To repeat something incessantly.
cuckoo: To take over the home of a vulnerable person for the purposes of carrying out organized crime in a concealed way.
common: To communicate (something).
common: To converse, talk.
common: To have sex.
common: To participate.
common: To have a joint right with others in common ground.
common: To board together; to eat at a table in common.
violin: To play on, or as if on, a violin.
falcon: To hunt with a falcon or falcons.
ferret: To hunt game with ferrets.
ferret: To uncover and bring to light by searching; usually to ferret out.
cement: To affix with cement.
cement: To overlay or coat with cement.
cement: To unite firmly or closely.
cement: To make permanent.
ermine: To clothe with ermine.
guitar: To play the guitar.
spread: To stretch out, open out (a material etc.) so that it more fully covers a given area of space.
spread: To extend (individual rays, limbs etc.); to stretch out in varying or opposing directions.
spread: To disperse, to scatter or distribute over a given area.
spread: To proliferate; to become more widely present, to be disseminated.
spread: To disseminate; to cause to proliferate, to make (something) widely known or present.
spread: To take up a larger area or space; to expand, be extended.
spread: To smear, to distribute in a thin layer.
spread: To cover (something) with a thin layer of some substance, as of butter.
spread: To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions.
spread: To open one’s legs, especially for sexual favours.
spread: To speedread; to recite one's arguments at an extremely fast pace.
bottle: To seal (a liquid) into a bottle for later consumption. Also fig.
bottle: To feed (an infant) baby formula.
bottle: To refrain from doing (something) at the last moment because of a sudden loss of courage.
bottle: To throw away a leading position.
bottle: To strike (someone) with a bottle.
bottle: To pelt (a musical act on stage, etc.) with bottles as a sign of disapproval.
bottle: Of pages printed several on a sheet: to rotate slightly when the sheet is folded two or more times.
anchor: To connect an object, especially a ship or a boat, to a fixed point.
anchor: To cast anchor; to come to anchor.
anchor: To stop; to fix or rest.
anchor: To provide emotional stability for a person in distress.
anchor: To perform as an anchorman or anchorwoman.
anchor: To be stuck; to be unable to move away from a position.
string: To put (items) on a string.
string: To put strings on (something).
string: To form into a string or strings, as a substance which is stretched, or people who are moving along, etc.
string: To drive the ball against the end of the table and back, in order to determine which player is to open the game.
string: To deliberately state that a certain bird is present when it is not; to knowingly mislead other birders about the occurrence of a bird, especially a rarity; to misidentify a common bird as a rare species.
weasel: To achieve by clever or devious means.
weasel: To gain something for oneself by clever or devious means.
weasel: To engage in clever or devious behavior.
collar: To grab or seize by the collar or neck.
collar: To place a collar on, to fit with one.
collar: To seize, capture or detain.
collar: To steal.
collar: To preempt, control stringently and exclusively.
collar: To arrest.
collar: To bind in conversation.
collar: To roll up (beef or other meat) and bind it with string preparatory to cooking.
collar: To bind (a submissive) to a dominant under specific conditions or obligations.
magpie: To mark with patches of black and white or light and dark.
magpie: To steal or hoard (items) as magpies are believed to do.
magpie: To talk idly; to talk about other people's private business.
badger: To pester; to annoy persistently; to press.
bestow: To apply or make use of (someone or something); to employ, to use.
bestow: To apply or make use of (someone or something); to employ, to use.
bestow: To apply (money) for some purpose; to expend, to spend.
bestow: To impart (something) gratuitously; to present (something) to someone or something, especially as a gift or an honour; to confer, to give.
bestow: To place or put (someone or something) somewhere or in a certain situation; to dispose of.
bestow: To deposit (something) for safekeeping; to lay up (something) in store; to stow.
bestow: To provide (someone or oneself) with accommodation; to find quarters for (someone or oneself); to lodge, to quarter.
bestow: To behave or conduct (oneself); to acquit.
bestow: To give (someone or oneself) in marriage.
beaver: To work hard.
beaver: To cut a continuous ring around a tree that one is felling.
beaver: After being doubled, to immediately double the stakes again, a move that keeps the doubling cube on one’s own side of the board.
beaver: To form a felt-like texture, similar to the way beaver fur is used for felt-making.
beaver: To spot a beard in a game of beaver.
vacuum: To clean (something) with a vacuum cleaner.
vacuum: To use a vacuum cleaner.
vacuum: To optimise a database or database table by physically removing deleted tuples.
castle: To house or keep in a castle.
castle: To protect or separate in a similar way.
castle: To make into a castle: to build in the form of a castle or add (real or imitation) battlements to an existing building.
castle: To move the king 2 squares right or left and, in the same turn, the nearest rook to the far side of the king. The move now has special rules: the king cannot be in, go through, or end in check; the squares between the king and rook must be vacant; and neither piece may have been moved before castling.
castle: To create a similar defensive position in Japanese chess through several moves.
castle: To bowl a batsman with a full-length ball or yorker such that the stumps are knocked over.
danger: To claim liability.
danger: To imperil; to endanger.
danger: To run the risk.
living: present participle and gerund of live
cotton: To provide with cotton.
cotton: To supply with a cotton wick.
cotton: To provide with cotton.
cotton: To fill with a wad of cotton.
cotton: To provide with cotton.
cotton: To wrap with a protective layer of cotton fabric.
cotton: To provide with cotton.
cotton: To cover walls with fabric.
cotton: To provide with cotton.
cotton: To cover with cotton bolls over a layer of tar (analogous to tar and feather )
cotton: To provide with cotton.
cotton: To make or become cotton-like
cotton: To raise a nap, providing with a soft, cottony texture.
cotton: To make or become cotton-like
cotton: To develop a porous, cottony texture.
cotton: To make or become cotton-like
cotton: To give the appearance of being dotted with cotton balls.
cotton: To make or become cotton-like
cotton: To enshroud with a layer of whiteness.
cotton: To protect from harsh stimuli, coddle, or muffle.
cotton: To rub or burnish with cotton.
cotton: To get on with someone or something; to have a good relationship with someone.
effect: To make or bring about; to implement.
effect: Misspelling of affect.
bitter: To make bitter.
narrow: To reduce in width or extent; to contract.
narrow: To get narrower.
narrow: To partially lower one's eyelids in a way usually taken to suggest a defensive, aggressive or penetrating look.
narrow: To contract the size of, as a stocking, by taking two stitches into one.
narrow: To convert to a data type that cannot hold as many distinct values.
rabbit: To hunt rabbits.
rabbit: To flee.
rabbit: To talk incessantly and in a childish manner; to babble annoyingly.
rabbit: Confound; damn; drat.
strike: To delete or cross out; to scratch or eliminate.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To hit.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To give, as a blow; to impel, as with a blow; to give a force to; to dash; to cast.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To deliver a quick blow or thrust; to give blows.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To manufacture, as by stamping.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To run upon a rock or bank; to be stranded; to run aground.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To cause to sound by one or more beats; to indicate or notify by audible strokes. Of a clock, to announce (an hour of the day), usually by one or more sounds.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To sound by percussion, with blows, or as if with blows.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To cause or produce by a stroke, or suddenly, as by a stroke.
strike: To have a sharp or sudden effect.
strike: To cause to ignite by friction.
strike: To thrust in; to cause to enter or penetrate.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To punish; to afflict; to smite.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To carry out a violent or illegal action.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To act suddenly, especially in a violent or criminal way.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To impinge upon.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To quit (one's job).
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To impress, seem or appear to (a person).
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To create an impression.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To score a goal.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To make a sudden impression upon, as if by a blow; to affect with some strong emotion.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To affect by a sudden impression or impulse.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To steal or rob; to take forcibly or fraudulently.
strike: To have a sharp or severe effect.
strike: To borrow money from; to make a demand upon.
strike: To touch; to act by appulse.
strike: To take down, especially in the following contexts.
strike: To haul down or lower (a flag, mast, etc.)
strike: To take down, especially in the following contexts.
strike: To capitulate; to signal a surrender by hauling down the colours.
strike: To take down, especially in the following contexts.
strike: To stop working as a protest to achieve better working conditions.
strike: To take down, especially in the following contexts.
strike: To dismantle and take away (a theater set; a tent; etc.).
strike: To take down, especially in the following contexts.
strike: To unfasten, to loosen (chains, bonds, etc.).
strike: To set off on a walk or trip.
strike: To pass with a quick or strong effect; to dart; to penetrate.
strike: To break forth; to commence suddenly; with into.
strike: To become attached to something; said of the spat of oysters.
strike: To make and ratify; to reach; to find.
strike: To discover a source of something, often a buried raw material such as ore (especially gold) or crude oil.
strike: To level (a measure of grain, salt, etc.) with a straight instrument, scraping off what is above the level of the top.
strike: To cut off (a mortar joint, etc.) even with the face of the wall, or inward at a slight angle.
strike: To hit upon, or light upon, suddenly.
strike: To lade thickened sugar cane juice from a teache into a cooler.
strike: To stroke or pass lightly; to wave.
strike: To advance; to cause to go forward; used only in the past participle.
strike: To balance (a ledger or account).
gaggle: To make a noise like a goose; to cackle.
engine: To equip with an engine; said especially of steam vessels.
engine: To assault with an engine.
engine: To contrive; to put into action.
smooth: To make smooth or even.
smooth: To reduce to a particular shape or form by pressure; to press, to flatten.
smooth: To make straightforward or easy.
smooth: To calm or palliate.
smooth: To capture important patterns in the data, while leaving out noise.
smooth: To stroke; especially to stroke an animal's fur.
tissue: To form tissue of; to interweave.
dagger: To pierce with a dagger; to stab.
torque: To make something rotate about an axis by imparting torque to it.
doctor: To act as a medical doctor to.
doctor: To act as a medical doctor.
doctor: To make (someone) into an (academic) doctor; to confer a doctorate upon.
doctor: To physically alter (medically or surgically) a living being in order to change growth or behavior.
doctor: To genetically alter an extant species.
doctor: To alter or make obscure, as with the intention to deceive, especially a document.
doctor: To adulterate, drug, or poison (drink).
doctor: To take medicine.
seiyuu: To take on a role as a voice actor in a Japanese production, or perform a certain character in such a production.
plasma: To transform something into plasma.
washer: To fit (a mechanical device) with a washer.
volume: To be conveyed through the air, waft.
volume: To cause to move through the air, waft.
volume: To swell.
matter: To be important.
matter: To care about, to mind; to find important.
matter: To form pus or matter, as an abscess; to maturate.
upcoil: To coil up; to make into a coil, or to be made into a coil.
upcurl: To curl up.
leaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of leave
upcast: To cast or throw up; to turn upward.
upcast: To taunt; to reproach; to upbraid.
upcast: To cast from subtype to supertype.
upcast: To broadcast a message or data to aircraft or satellites, especially via radio waves; as opposed to uplinking to a specific satellite or aircraft
prefix: To determine beforehand; to set in advance.
prefix: To put or fix before, or at the beginning of something; to place at the start.
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To determine (something which was exposed to doubt or question); to resolve conclusively; to set or fix (a time, an order of succession, etc).
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To conclude, to cause (a dispute) to finish.
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To conclude, to cause (a dispute) to finish.
settle: In particular, to terminate (a lawsuit), usually out of court, by agreement of all parties.
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To close, liquidate or balance (an account) by payment, sometimes of less than is owed or due.
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To pay (a bill).
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To adjust differences or accounts; to come to an agreement on matters in dispute.
settle: To conclude or resolve (something):
settle: To conclude a lawsuit by agreement of the parties rather than a decision of a court.
settle: To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).
settle: To put into (proper) place; to make sit or lie properly.
settle: To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).
settle: To cause to no longer be in a disturbed, confused or stormy; to quiet; to calm (nerves, waters, a boisterous or rebellious child, etc).
settle: To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).
settle: To silence, especially by force.
settle: To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).
settle: To kill.
settle: To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).
settle: To bring or restore (ground, roads, etc) to a smooth, dry, or passable condition.
settle: To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).
settle: To become calm, quiet, or orderly; to stop being agitated.
settle: To become calm, quiet, or orderly; to stop being agitated.
settle: To become firm, dry, and hard, like the ground after the effects of rain or frost have disappeared.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: To place in(to) a fixed or permanent condition or position or on(to) a permanent basis; to make firm, steady, or stable; to establish or fix.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: In particular, to establish in life; to fix in business, in a home, etc.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: In particular, to establish in life; to fix in business, in a home, etc.
settle: In particular, to establish in pastoral office; to ordain or install as pastor or rector of a church, society, or parish.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: To formally, legally secure (an annuity, property, title, etc) on (a person).
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: To make a jointure for a spouse.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: To become married, or a householder.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: To be established in a profession or in employment.
settle: To establish or become established in a steady position:
settle: To become stationary or fixed; to come to rest.
settle: To fix one's residence in a place; to establish a dwelling place, home, or colony. (Compare settle down.)
settle: To fix one's residence in a place; to establish a dwelling place, home, or colony. (Compare settle down.)
settle: To colonize (an area); to migrate to (a land, territory, site, etc).
settle: To move (people) to (a land or territory), so as to colonize it; to cause (people) to take residence in (a place).
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To clear or purify (a liquid) of dregs and impurities by causing them to sink.
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To cause to sink down or to be deposited (dregs, sediment, etc).
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To render compact or solid; to cause to become packed down.
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To sink to the bottom of a body of liquid, as dregs of a liquid, or the sediment of a reservoir.
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To sink gradually to a lower level; to subside, for example the foundation of a house, etc.
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To become compact due to sinking.
settle: To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle: To become clear due to the sinking of sediment. (Used especially of liquid. Also used figuratively.)
settle: Of an animal: to make or become pregnant.
clutch: To seize, as though with claws.
clutch: To grip or grasp tightly.
clutch: To win despite being the only remaining player on one's team, against several opponents.
clutch: To unexpectedly or luckily succeed in a difficult activity.
clutch: To hatch.
log in: To gain access to a computer system, usually by providing a previously agreed upon username and password.
log in: To be placed at a certain ranking.
mildew: To taint with mildew.
mildew: To become tainted with mildew.
powder: To reduce to fine particles; to pound, grind, or rub into a powder.
powder: To sprinkle with powder, or as if with powder.
powder: To use powder on the hair or skin.
powder: To turn into powder; to become powdery.
powder: To sprinkle with salt; to corn, as meat.
powder: To depart suddenly; to "take a powder".
funnel: To use a funnel.
funnel: To proceed through a narrow gap or passageway akin to a funnel; to condense or narrow.
funnel: To channel, direct, or focus (emotions, money, resources, etc.).
funnel: To consume (beer, etc.) rapidly through a funnel, typically as a stunt at a party.
change: To become something different.
change: To make something into something else.
change: To replace.
change: To replace one's clothing.
change: To replace the clothing of (the one wearing it).
change: To transfer to another vehicle (train, bus, etc.)
change: To exchange.
change: To change hand while riding (a horse).
heaven: To transport to the abode of God, the gods, or the blessed.
heaven: To beatify, enchant, or please greatly.
heaven: To beautify, to make into a paradise.
people: To stock with people or inhabitants; to fill as with people; to populate.
people: To become populous or populated.
people: To inhabit; to occupy; to populate.
people: To interact with people; to socialize.
waffle: To smash (something).
waffle: To speak or write evasively or vaguely.
waffle: Of a bird: to move in a side-to-side motion while descending before landing.
waffle: Of an aircraft or motor vehicle: to travel in a slow and unhurried manner.
waffle: To be indecisive about something; to dither, to vacillate, to waver.
waffle: Often followed by on: to speak or write (something) at length without any clear aim or point; to ramble.
waffle: To hold horizontally and rotate (one's hand) back and forth in a gesture of ambivalence or vacillation.
waffle: Of a dog: to bark with a high pitch like a puppy, or in muffled manner.
tangle: To mix together or intertwine.
tangle: To become mixed together or intertwined.
tangle: To enter into an argument, conflict, dispute, or fight.
tangle: To catch and hold.
vessel: To put into a vessel.
handle: To touch; to feel or hold with the hand(s).
handle: To accustom to the hand; to take care of with the hands.
handle: To manage, use, or wield with the hands.
handle: To manage, control, or direct.
handle: To treat, to deal with (in a specified way).
handle: To deal with (a subject, argument, topic, or theme) in speaking, in writing, or in art.
handle: To receive and transfer; to have pass through one's hands; hence, to buy and sell.
handle: To be concerned with; to be an expert in.
handle: To put up with; to endure (and continue to function).
handle: To use the hands.
handle: To illegally touch the ball with the hand or arm; to commit handball.
handle: To behave in a particular way when handled (managed, controlled, directed).
defeat: To overcome in battle or contest.
defeat: To reduce, to nothing, the strength of.
defeat: To nullify
defeat: To prevent (something) from being achieved.
orient: To build or place (something) so as to face eastward.
orient: To align or place (a person or object) so that his, her, or its east side, north side, etc., is positioned toward the corresponding points of the compass; (specifically, surveying) to rotate (a map attached to a plane table) until the line of direction between any two of its points is parallel to the corresponding direction in nature.
orient: To direct towards or point at a particular direction.
orient: To determine which direction one is facing.
orient: To familiarize (oneself or someone) with a circumstance or situation.
orient: To set the focus of (something) so as to appeal or relate to a certain group.
orient: To change direction to face a certain way.
hammer: To strike repeatedly with a hammer, some other implement, the fist, etc.
hammer: To form or forge with a hammer; to shape by beating.
hammer: To emphasize a point repeatedly.
hammer: To hit particularly hard.
hammer: To ride very fast.
hammer: To strike internally, as if hit by a hammer.
hammer: To defeat (a person, a team) resoundingly
hammer: To make high demands on (a system or service).
hammer: To declare (a person) a defaulter on the stock exchange.
hammer: To beat down the price of (a stock), or depress (a market).
hammer: To have hard sex with.
squash: To beat or press into pulp or a flat mass; to crush.
squash: To compress or restrict (oneself) into a small space; to squeeze.
squash: To suppress; to force into submission.
masked: simple past and past participle of mask
burden: To encumber with a literal or figurative burden.
burden: To impose, as a load or burden; to lay or place as a burden (something heavy or objectionable).
masker: To render giddy or senseless
masker: To be bewildered.
masker: To choke; stifle.
masker: To decay; rust.
stroke: To draw the horizontal line across the upright part (of the letter t).
stroke: Followed by out or through: to draw a line or lines through (text) to indicate that it is deleted; to cancel, to strike or strike out.
stroke: Of a bell or clock: to chime or sound to indicate (the hour, the time, etc.).
stroke: To mark (something) with lines or stripes; to stripe.
stroke: To hit or kick (the ball) with a flowing or smooth motion; also, to score (a goal, a point, etc.) by doing so.
stroke: Of a rower or a crew: to row at (a rate of a certain number of strokes (“movements of the oar through water”) per minute).
stroke: To act as the stroke (“rower who is nearest the stern of the boat, the movement of whose oar sets the rowing rhythm for the other rowers”) of (a boat or its crew).
stroke: To strike (the water) with one's arms and legs when swimming.
stroke: To depict (something) with a paintbrush.
stroke: Chiefly followed by out: to suffer loss of brain function when the blood supply to the brain is suddenly interrupted; to have a stroke (noun sense 4).
stroke: To swim by making co-ordinated movements with the arms and legs.
stroke: To move one's hand or an object (such as a broom or brush) along (a surface) in one direction, touching it lightly; to caress.
stroke: To bring (something) to a certain condition by stroking (sense 1).
stroke: To give assurance to (someone) through encouragement.
stroke: To influence (someone) by convincing or flattering them.
stroke: To milk (a cow or other animal); especially, to squeeze the teat of (a cow, etc.) to extract the last bit of milk from the udder; to strap (dialectal), to strip.
stroke: To give a finely fluted surface to (stone) by carving it with a tool.
stroke: To sharpen (a knife or other cutting instrument) by honing or rubbing it against a surface.
stroke: To soothe (someone); also, to flatter or indulge (someone).
masque: Archaic form of mask.
upfill: To fill up.
updive: To spring upward; to rise
updraw: To draw up
reason: To deduce or come to a conclusion by being rational
reason: To perform a process of deduction or of induction, in order to convince or to confute; to argue.
reason: To converse; to compare opinions.
reason: To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss.
reason: To support with reasons, as a request.
reason: To persuade by reasoning or argument.
reason: To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons.
reason: To find by logical process; to explain or justify by reason or argument.
gender: To assign a gender to (a person); to perceive as having a gender; to address using terms (pronouns, nouns, adjectives...) that express a certain gender.
gender: To perceive (a thing) as having characteristics associated with a certain gender, or as having been authored by someone of a certain gender.
gender: To engender.
gender: To breed.
upgaze: To gaze upward.
upgive: To give up or yield up.
upflow: To flow or stream upwards.
coffee: To drink coffee.
coffee: To give coffee to.
sunset: To phase out.
locate: To place; to set in a particular spot or position.
locate: To find out where something is located.
locate: To designate the site or place of; to define the limits of (Note: the designation may be purely descriptive: it need not be prescriptive.)
locate: To place oneself; to take up one's residence; to settle.
swound: Obsolete form of swoon.
unwish: To wish not to be; to destroy by wishing.
unwish: To undo a wish
noogie: To perform a noogie on.
upgush: To gush upward.
upgrow: To grow up
pellet: To form into pellets.
pellet: To strike with pellets.
uphand: To lift with an upward movement of the hands.
uphand: To strike from below with the hand or fist.
uphand: To uphold, promote, or sustain.
uphand: To raise the hands.
derive: To obtain or receive (something) from something else.
derive: To deduce (a conclusion) by reasoning.
derive: To find the derivation of (a word or phrase).
derive: To create (a compound) from another by means of a reaction.
derive: To originate or stem (from).
derive: To turn the course of (water, etc.); to divert and distribute into subordinate channels.
putter: To be active, but not excessively busy, at a task or a series of tasks.
putter: To produce intermittent bursts of sound in the course of operating.
manure: To cultivate by manual labor; to till; hence, to develop by culture.
manure: To apply manure (as fertilizer or soil improver).
kernel: To enclose within a kernel
kernel: To crenellate
garden: To grow plants in a garden; to create or maintain a garden.
garden: Of a batsman, to inspect and tap the pitch lightly with the bat so as to smooth out small rough patches and irregularities.
rifled: simple past and past participle of rifle
breast: To push against with the breast; to meet full on, oppose, face.
breast: To reach the top (of a hill).
breast: To debreast.
window: To furnish with windows.
window: To place at or in a window.
window: To apply a window function to (a signal).
labour: To toil, to work.
labour: To belabour, to emphasise or expand upon (a point in a debate, etc).
labour: To be oppressed with difficulties or disease; to do one's work under conditions which make it especially hard or wearisome; to move slowly, as against opposition, or under a burden.
labour: To suffer the pangs of childbirth.
labour: To pitch or roll heavily, as a ship in a turbulent sea.
bullet: To draw attention to (text) by, or as if by, placing a graphic bullet in front of it.
bullet: To speed, like a bullet.
bullet: To make a shot, especially with great speed.
dampne: Obsolete form of damn.
dampen: To make damp or moist; to make moderately wet.
dampen: To become damp or moist.
dampen: To lessen; to dull; to make less intense (said of emotions and non-physical things).
dampen: To suppress vibrations (mechanical) or oscillations (electrical) by converting energy to heat (or some other form of energy).
dampen: To become damped or deadened.
search: To look in (a place) for something.
search: To look thoroughly.
search: To look for, seek.
search: To probe or examine (a wound).
search: To examine; to try; to put to the test.
put to: To ask or pose a question, or make a proposal or suggestion.
put by: To store, or place in reserve; to save (money, etc.) for later use.
put by: To remove (something) from the present context and into its proper place; (figurative) to reject or disregard.
put by: To perform an action without attracting the attention of.
put by: Of a ship: to be run aground intentionally to avoid a collision
put in: To place inside.
put in: To apply, request, or submit.
put in: To contribute.
put in: To call at (a place or port), especially as a deviation from an intended journey.
put in: To declare or make official
put in: To plant a crop.
put in: To make (a telephone call).
can it: To silence; to quit doing something; to put an end to something.
put up: To place in a high location.
put up: To hang; to mount.
put up: To style (the hair) up on the head, instead of letting it hang down.
put up: To cajole or dare (someone) to do (something).
put up: To store away.
put up: To house; to shelter; to take in.
put up: To house; to shelter; to take in.
put up: To stop at a hotel or a tavern for entertainment.
put up: To present, especially in "put up a fight".
put up: To endure; to put up with; to tolerate.
put up: To provide funds in advance.
put up: To build a structure.
put up: To make available; to offer.
put up: To cause (wild game) to break cover.
put up: To can (food) domestically; to preserve (meat, fruit or vegetables) by sterilizing and storing in a bottle, jar or can.
put up: To score; to accumulate scoring. Ellipsis of to put up on the scoreboard..
put up: To set (matter) in capital letters.
put on: To don (clothing, equipment, or the like).
put on: To fool, kid, deceive.
put on: To assume, adopt or affect; to behave in a particular way as a pretense.
put on: To play (a recording).
put on: To initiate cooking or warming, especially on a stovetop.
put on: To perform for an audience.
put on: To organize a performance for an audience.
put on: To hurry up; to move swiftly forward.
put on: To bet on.
put on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see put, on.
nuance: To apply a nuance to; to change or redefine in a subtle way.
output: To produce, create, or complete.
output: To send data out of a computer, as to an output device such as a monitor or printer, or to send data from one program on the computer to another.
spider: To move like a spider.
spider: To cover a surface like a cobweb.
spider: To follow links on the World Wide Web in order to gather information.
splash: To hit or agitate liquid so that part of it separates from the principal liquid mass.
splash: To disperse a fluid suddenly; to splatter.
splash: To hit or expel liquid at.
splash: To create an impact or impression; to print, post, or publicize prominently.
splash: To spend (money).
splash: To roughly fill with color.
splash: To launch a ship.
splash: To shoot down (an aircraft) over water.
splash: To stab (a person), causing them to bleed.
honing: present participle and gerund of hone
locust: To come in a swarm.
legend: To tell or narrate; to recount.
better: Had better.
better: To improve.
better: To become better; to improve.
better: To surpass in excellence; to exceed; to excel.
better: To give advantage to; to support; to advance the interest of.
please: To make happy or satisfy; to give pleasure to.
please: To desire; to will; to be pleased by.
sphere: To place in a sphere, or among the spheres; to ensphere.
sphere: To make round or spherical; to perfect.
hyphen: To separate or punctuate with a hyphen; to hyphenate.
bishop: To act as a bishop, to perform the duties of a bishop, especially to confirm another's membership in the church.
bishop: To act as a bishop, to perform the duties of a bishop, especially to confirm another's membership in the church.
bishop: To confirm (in its other senses).
bishop: To make a bishop.
bishop: To provide with bishops.
bishop: To permit food (especially milk) to burn while cooking (from bishops' role in the inquisition or as mentioned in the quotation below, of horses).
bishop: To make a horse seem younger, particularly by manipulation of its teeth.
bishop: To murder by drowning.
nerven: To innerve.
flight: To throw the ball in such a way that it has more airtime and more spin than usual.
flight: To throw or kick something so as to send it flying with more loft or airtime than usual.
subway: To travel by underground railway.
carbon: To cause (someone) to receive a carbon copy of an email message.
iodine: to treat with iodine.
accede: To approach; to arrive, to come forward.
accede: To give one's adhesion; to join up with (a group, etc.); to become part of.
accede: To agree or assent to a proposal or a view; to give way.
accede: To come to an office, state or dignity; to attain, assume (a position).
accede: To become a party to an agreement or a treaty.
esteem: To set a high value on; to regard with respect or reverence.
esteem: To regard something as valuable; to prize.
esteem: To look upon something in a particular way.
esteem: To judge; to estimate; to appraise
radium: To treat (a tumour, etc.) with radium.
sulfur: To treat with sulfur, or a sulfur compound, especially to preserve or to counter agricultural pests.
school: To educate, teach, or train (often, but not necessarily, in a school).
school: To defeat emphatically, to teach an opponent a harsh lesson.
school: To control, or compose, one’s expression.
school: To form into, or travel in, a school.
things: third-person singular simple present indicative of thing
strafe: To attack (ground targets) with automatic gunfire from a low-flying aircraft.
strafe: To rake (a target) with rapid or automatic gunfire.
strafe: To sidestep; to move sideways without turning (a core mechanic of most first-person shooters).
depose: To put down; to lay down; to deposit; to lay aside; to put away.
depose: To remove (a leader) from (high) office, without killing the incumbent.
depose: To give evidence or testimony, especially in response to interrogation during a deposition
depose: To interrogate and elicit testimony from during a deposition; typically done by a lawyer.
depose: To take or swear an oath.
depose: To testify; to bear witness; to claim; to assert; to affirm.
kosher: To kasher; to prepare (for example, meat) in conformity with the requirements of the Jewish law.
launce: Obsolete form of lance.
buffle: To puzzle; to be at a loss.
expose: To reveal, uncover, make visible, bring to light, introduce (to).
expose: To subject photographic film to light thereby recording an image.
expose: To abandon, especially an unwanted baby in the wilderness.
expose: To submit to an active (mostly dangerous) substance like an allergen, ozone, nicotine, solvent, or to any other stress, in order to test the reaction, resistance, etc.
expose: To make available to other parts of a program, or to other programs.
assume: To authenticate by means of belief; to surmise; to suppose to be true, especially without proof
assume: To take on a position, duty or form
assume: To adopt a feigned quality or manner; to claim without right; to arrogate
assume: To receive, adopt (a person)
assume: To adopt (an idea or cause)
impure: to defile; to pollute
doomed: simple past and past participle of doom
cursed: simple past and past participle of curse
deduce: To reach (a conclusion) by applying rules of logic or other forms of reasoning to given premises or known facts.
deduce: To examine, explain, or record (something) in an orderly manner.
deduce: To obtain (something) from some source; to derive.
deduce: To be derived or obtained from some source.
deduce: To take away (something); to deduct, to subtract (something).
deduce: To lead (something) forth.
tailor: To make, repair, or alter clothes.
tailor: To make or adapt (something) for a specific need.
tailor: To restrict (something) in order to meet a particular need.
laurel: To decorate with laurel, especially with a laurel wreath.
laurel: To enwreathe.
laurel: To award top honours to.
grapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of grape
punish: To cause to suffer for crime or misconduct, to administer disciplinary action.
punish: To treat harshly and unfairly.
punish: To handle or beat severely; to maul.
punish: To consume a large quantity of.
salary: To pay on the basis of a period of a week or longer, especially to convert from another form of compensation.
launch: To throw (a projectile such as a lance, dart or ball); to hurl; to propel with force.
launch: To pierce with, or as with, a lance.
launch: To cause (a vessel) to move or slide from the land or a larger vessel into the water; to set afloat.
launch: To cause (a rocket, balloon, etc., or the payload thereof) to begin its flight upward from the ground.
launch: To send out; to start (someone) on a mission or project; to give a start to (something); to put in operation
launch: To start (a program or feature); to execute or bring into operation.
launch: To release; to put onto the market for sale
launch: Of a ship, rocket, balloon, etc.: to depart on a voyage; to take off.
launch: To move with force and swiftness like a sliding from the stocks into the water; to plunge; to begin.
launch: To start to operate.
accumb: To recline, as at table.
ignore: To deliberately not listen or pay attention to.
ignore: To pretend to not notice someone or something.
ignore: Fail to notice.
ignore: Not to know.
should: Ought to; indicating opinion, advice, or instruction, about what is required or desirable.
should: Used to issue an instruction (traditionally seen as carrying less force of authority than alternatives such as 'shall' or 'must').
should: Ought to; indicating opinion, advice, or instruction, about what is required or desirable.
should: Used to give advice or opinion that an action is, or would have been, beneficial or desirable.
should: Ought to; indicating opinion, advice, or instruction, about what is required or desirable.
should: With verbs such as 'see' or 'hear', usually in the second person, used to point out something remarkable in either a good or bad way.
should: Ought to; indicating opinion, advice, or instruction, about what is required or desirable.
should: In questions, asks what is correct, proper, desirable, etc.
should: Ought to; expressing expectation.
should: Indicates that something is expected to have happened or to be the case now.
should: Ought to; expressing expectation.
should: Will be likely to (become or do something); indicates a degree of possibility or probability that the stated thing will happen or be true in the future.
should: Used to form a variant of the present subjunctive, expressing a state or action that is hypothetical, potential, mandated, etc.
should: simple past of shall
should: An alternative to would with first person subjects.
should: Used to express a conditional outcome.
should: An alternative to would with first person subjects.
should: Used to impart a tentative, conjectural or polite nuance.
should: An alternative to would with first person subjects.
should: Used to express what the speaker would do in another person's situation, as a means of giving a suggestion or recommendation.
should: To make a statement of what ought to be true, as opposed to reality.
regret: To feel sorry about (a thing that has or has not happened), afterthink: to wish that a thing had not happened, that something else had happened instead.
regret: To feel sorry about (any thing).
regret: To miss; to feel the loss or absence of; to mourn.
secure: To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of, or exposure to, danger; to guard; to protect.
secure: To put beyond hazard of losing or of not receiving; to make certain; to assure; frequently with against or from, or formerly with of.
secure: To make fast; to close or confine effectually; to render incapable of getting loose or escaping.
secure: To get possession of; to make oneself secure of; to acquire certainly.
secure: To plight or pledge.
kennel: To house or board a dog (or less commonly another animal).
kennel: To lie or lodge; to dwell, as a dog or a fox.
kennel: To drive (a fox) to covert in its hole.
gamble: To take a risk, with the potential of a positive outcome.
gamble: To play risky games, especially casino games, for monetary gain.
gamble: To risk (something) for potential gain.
gamble: To interact with equipment at a casino
safety: To secure (a mechanical component, as in aviation) to keep it from becoming detached even under vibration.
safety: to secure a firing pin, as in guns, to keep the gun from firing
mating: present participle and gerund of mate
profit: To benefit (somebody), be of use to (somebody).
profit: To benefit, gain.
profit: To take advantage of, exploit, use.
online: To bring (a system, etc.) online; to promote to an active or running state.
thanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thank
relate: To tell in a descriptive way.
relate: To bring into a relation, association, or connection (between one thing and another).
relate: To have a connection.
relate: To interact.
relate: To respond through reaction.
relate: To identify with; to understand.
relate: To bring back; to restore.
injure: To wound or cause physical harm to a living creature.
injure: To damage or impair.
injure: To do injustice to.
divine: To foretell (something), especially by the use of divination.
divine: To guess or discover (something) through intuition or insight.
divine: To search for (underground objects or water) using a divining rod.
divine: To render divine; to deify.
closed: simple past and past participle of close
forest: To cover an area with trees.
dinner: To eat a dinner; to dine.
dinner: To provide (someone) with a dinner; to dine.
cohort: To associate with such a group
vilify: To say defamatory things about someone or something; to speak ill of.
vilify: To belittle through speech; to put down.
saggar: To place in a saggar.
obtuse: To dull or reduce an emotion or a physical state.
needle: To pierce with a needle, especially for sewing or acupuncture.
needle: To tease in order to provoke; to poke fun at.
needle: To form, or be formed, in the shape of a needle.
vector: To set (particularly an aircraft) on a course toward a selected point.
vector: To redirect to a vector, or code entry point.
switch: To exchange.
switch: To change (something) to the specified state using a switch.
switch: To whip or hit with a switch.
switch: To change places, tasks, etc.
switch: To get angry suddenly; to quickly or unreasonably become enraged.
switch: To swing or whisk.
switch: To be swung or whisked.
switch: To trim.
switch: To turn from one railway track to another; to transfer by a switch; generally with off, from, etc.
switch: To shift to another circuit.
switch: To take on the opposite role (leader vs. follower) in a partner dance.
goalie: To act as a goalie, to tend the goals, to mind the net.
damage: To impair the soundness, goodness, or value of; to harm or cause destruction.
damage: To undergo damage.
damage: To remove a damaged or unsalable item from the sales floor for processing.
import: To bring (something) in from a foreign country, especially for sale or trade.
import: To load a file into a software application from another version or system.
import: To be important; to be significant; to be of consequence.
import: To be of importance to (someone or something).
import: To be incumbent on (someone to do something).
import: To be important or crucial to (that something happen).
import: To mean, signify.
import: To express, to imply.
temple: To build a temple for; to appropriate a temple to; to temple a god
center: To cause (an object) to occupy the center of an area.
center: To cause (some attribute, such as a mood or voltage) to be adjusted to a value which is midway between the extremes.
center: To give (something) a central basis.
center: To concentrate on (something), to pay close attention to (something).
center: To form a recess or indentation for the reception of a center.
length: To lengthen.
begone: past participle of bego
caveat: To qualify a statement with a caveat or proviso.
caveat: To formally object to something.
caveat: To formally object to something.
caveat: To lodge a formal notice of interest in land under a Torrens land-title system.
caveat: To issue a notice requesting that proceedings be suspended.
caveat: To warn or caution against some event.
banjax: To ruin or destroy.
hearts: third-person singular simple present indicative of heart
spades: third-person singular simple present indicative of spade
pauper: To make a pauper of; to drive into poverty.
waylay: To lie in wait for and attack from ambush.
waylay: To accost or intercept unexpectedly.
vanish: To become invisible or to move out of view unnoticed.
vanish: To become equal to zero.
vanish: to disappear; to kidnap
affect: To influence or alter.
affect: To move to emotion.
affect: Of an illness or condition, to infect or harm (a part of the body).
affect: To dispose or incline.
affect: To tend to by affinity or disposition.
affect: To assign; to appoint.
affect: To burden (property) with a fixed charge or payment, or other condition or restriction.
affect: To make a show of; to put on a pretense of; to feign; to assume. To make a false display of.
affect: To aim for, to try to obtain.
affect: To feel affection for (someone); to like, be fond of.
affect: To show a fondness for (something); to choose.
glitch: To experience an unexpected, typically intermittent malfunction.
glitch: To perform an exploit or recreate a bug while playing a video game.
fathom: To measure the depth of (water); to take a sounding of; to sound.
fathom: To encircle (someone or something) with outstretched arms; specifically, to measure the circumference or (rare) length of something.
fathom: Often followed by out: to deeply understand (someone or something); to get to the bottom of.
fathom: To embrace (someone or something).
fathom: To measure a depth; to sound.
fathom: To conduct an examination or inquiry; to investigate.
occult: To cover or hide from view.
occult: To dissimulate, conceal, or obfuscate.
plover: To dote over, or, crowd or nestle with
plover: To hunt for plover.
plover: To wade along the shore, examining the sand like a plover does.
nipple: To fit (a baby's bottle, etc.) with a nipple.
nipple: To give one's nipple to (a baby) to allow breastfeeding.
screed: To rend, to shred, to tear.
screed: To read or repeat from memory fluently or glibly; to reel off.
screed: To use a screed to produce a smooth, flat surface of concrete, plaster, or similar material; also (generally) to put down a layer of concrete, plaster, etc.
screed: To become rent or torn.
screed: To play bagpipes, a fiddle, or a pipe.
screed: To make a discordant or harsh scratching or tearing sound.
screed: To play (a sound or tune) on bagpipes, a fiddle, or a pipe.
aren't: are not (negative auxiliary)
aren't: A contraction of “am not”, used e.g. in the construction "aren’t I?"
values: third-person singular simple present indicative of value
garlic: To flavour with garlic
shadow: To shade, cloud, or darken.
shadow: To block light or radio transmission from.
shadow: To secretly or discreetly track or follow another, to keep under surveillance.
shadow: To represent faintly and imperfectly.
shadow: To hide; to conceal.
shadow: To accompany (a professional) during the working day, so as to learn about an occupation one intends to take up.
shadow: To make (an identifier, usually a variable) inaccessible by declaring another of the same name within the scope of the first.
shadow: To apply the shadowing process to (the contents of ROM).
hadn't: Contraction of had not. (negative auxiliary)
hasn't: Has not: negative form of the auxiliary has
hasn't: Has not/does not have: negative form of the lexical has
didn't: did not (negative auxiliary)
signal: To indicate; to convey or communicate by a signal.
signal: To communicate with (a person or system) by a signal.
wo'n't: Archaic spelling of won't.
aching: present participle and gerund of ache
nutmeg: To flavour with nutmeg.
nutmeg: To play the ball between the legs of (an opponent).
humour: To pacify by indulging.
mayn't: may not (negative auxiliary)
borrow: To receive (something) from somebody temporarily, expecting to return it.
borrow: To receive money from a bank or other lender under the agreement that the lender will be paid back over time.
borrow: To adopt (an idea) as one's own.
borrow: To adopt a word from another language.
borrow: In a subtraction, to deduct (one) from a digit of the minuend and add ten to the following digit, in order that the subtraction of a larger digit in the subtrahend from the digit in the minuend to which ten is added gives a positive result.
borrow: To lend.
borrow: To temporarily obtain (something) for (someone).
borrow: To feign or counterfeit.
borrow: To secure the release of (someone) from prison.
borrow: To receive (something, usually of trifling value) from somebody, with little possibility of returning it.
borrow: To interrupt the current activity of (a person) and lead them away in order to speak with them, get their help, etc.
borrow: To adjust one's aim in order to compensate for the slope of the green.
shan't: Contraction of shall not (negative auxiliary).
jackal: To perform menial or routine tasks
grease: To put grease or fat on something, especially in order to lubricate.
grease: To bribe.
grease: To cause to go easily; to facilitate.
grease: To perform a landing extraordinarily smoothly.
grease: To extinguish the life of.
grease: To have sexual intercourse with.
grease: To cheat or cozen; to overreach.
grease: To affect (a horse) with grease, the disease.
hoarse: To utter hoarsely; to croak.
barber: To cut the hair or beard of (a person).
barber: To chatter, talk.
flèche: To attack using the flèche method.
retail: To sell at retail, or in small quantities directly to customers.
retail: To sell secondhand, or in broken parts.
retail: To repeat or circulate (news or rumours) to others.
caucus: To meet and participate in a caucus.
caucus: To bring into or treat in a caucus.
lawyer: To practice law.
lawyer: To perform, or attempt to perform, the work of a lawyer.
lawyer: To make legalistic arguments.
lawyer: To barrage (a person) with questions in order to get them to admit something.
valley: To form the shape of a valley.
peanut: To pull on somebody's tie as a prank, causing the knot to tighten.
pumice: To abrade or roughen with pumice.
ginger: To add ginger to.
ginger: To enliven, to spice (up).
ginger: To apply ginger to the anus of a horse to encourage it to carry its tail high and move in a lively fashion.
ginger: To inspire (someone); to give a little boost to.
ginger: To move gingerly, in a very careful and cautious manner.
cruise: To sail about, especially for pleasure.
cruise: To travel at constant speed for maximum operating efficiency.
cruise: To move about an area leisurely in the hope of discovering something, or looking for custom.
cruise: To inspect (forest land) for the purpose of estimating the quantity of lumber it will yield.
cruise: To actively seek a romantic partner or casual sexual partner by moving about a particular area; to troll.
cruise: To attempt to pick up as a casual sexual partner; hit on
cruise: To walk while holding on to an object (stage in development of ambulation, typically occurring at 10 months).
cruise: To win easily and convincingly.
cruise: To take part in a cruise (car enthusiasts' event where they drive their vehicles in a group).
cruise: To have a period of reducing the dosage of PEDs instead of cycling them off as opposed to going through a full-dosed cycle (blast).
happen: To occur or take place.
happen: To happen to; to befall.
happen: To do or occur by chance or unexpectedly.
happen: To encounter by chance.
happen: To become popular or trendy.
vision: To imagine something as if it were to be true.
vision: To present as in a vision.
vision: To provide with a vision.
muggle: To deface, destroy, or remove a geocache.
muggle: Often followed by along: to live or work in an unorganized and unplanned way; to muddle along.
parrot: To repeat (exactly what has just been said) without necessarily showing understanding, in the manner of a parrot.
wicked: simple past and past participle of wick
maggot: To rid (an animal) of maggots.
monkey: To meddle; to mess (with).
monkey: To mimic; to ape.
lumber: To move clumsily and heavily; to move slowly.
lumber: To load down with things, to fill, to encumber, to impose an unwanted burden on.
lumber: To heap together in disorder.
lumber: To fill or encumber with lumber.
rowing: present participle and gerund of row (“propel with oars”)
rowing: present participle and gerund of row (“to argue noisily”)
shared: simple past and past participle of share
lounge: To relax; to spend time lazily; to stand, sit, or recline, in an indolent manner.
lounge: To walk or go in a leisurely manner.
shrimp: To fish for shrimp.
shrimp: To contract; to shrink.
ghetto: To confine (a specified group of people) to a ghetto.
pretty: To make pretty; to beautify
coyote: To prospect for gold by manually digging holes into overlying earth, as into a hillside.
pirate: To appropriate by piracy; to plunder at sea.
pirate: To create and/or sell an unauthorized copy of.
pirate: To knowingly obtain an unauthorized copy of.
pirate: To engage in piracy.
pirate: To entice an employee to switch from a competing company to one's own.
potato: To hit very hard; to pummel.
potato: To hit with a thrown or fired potato.
egg on: To encourage or coax a person to do something, especially something foolhardy or reckless.
timber: To fit with timbers.
timber: To construct, frame, build.
timber: To light or land on a tree.
timber: To make a nest.
timber: To surmount as a timber does.
batter: To hit or strike violently and repeatedly.
batter: To coat with batter (the food ingredient).
batter: To defeat soundly; to thrash.
batter: To intoxicate.
batter: To flatten (metal) by hammering, so as to compress it inwardly and spread it outwardly.
batter: To coat in a paste-like substance; to fasten with a paste-like glue.
batter: To slope (of walls, buildings etc.).
outfox: To beat (someone) in a competition of wits; to outsmart.
outwit: To get the better of; to outsmart, to beat in a competition of wits.
big up: To increase one's muscle mass.
big up: To become big.
big up: To proclaim or exaggerate the importance of; to promote.
thieve: To commit theft.
method: To apply a method to.
method: To apply particular treatment methods to (a mold).
burgle: To commit burglary.
burgle: To take the ball legally from an opposing player.
tartan: To clothe in tartan.
course: To run or flow (especially of liquids and more particularly blood).
course: To run through or over.
course: To pursue by tracking or estimating the course taken by one's prey; to follow or chase after.
course: To cause to chase after or pursue game.
sorrow: To feel or express grief.
sorrow: To feel grief over; to mourn, regret.
double: To multiply by two.
double: To increase by 100%, to become twice as large in size.
double: To be the double of; to exceed by twofold; to contain or be worth twice as much as.
double: To fold over so as to make two folds.
double: To clench (a fist).
double: To get a two-base hit.
double: To join or couple.
double: To repeat exactly; copy.
double: To serve a second role or have a second purpose.
double: To act as substitute for (another theatrical performer in a certain role, etc).
double: To play (both one part and another, in the same play, etc).
double: To turn sharply, following a winding course.
double: To sail around (a headland or other point).
double: To duplicate (a part) either in unison or at the octave above or below it.
double: To be capable of performing (upon an additional instrument).
double: To make a call that will double certain scoring points if the preceding bid becomes the contract.
double: To double down.
double: To cause (a ball) to rebound from a cushion before entering the pocket.
double: To go or march at twice the normal speed.
double: To multiply the strength or effect of by two.
double: To unite, as ranks or files, so as to form one from each two.
double: To transmit simultaneously on the same channel as another station, either unintentionally or deliberately, causing interference.
double: To operate as a double agent.
wrench: To pull or twist violently.
wrench: To injure (a joint) by pulling or twisting.
wrench: To distort the original meaning of; to misrepresent.
wrench: To rack with pain; to be hurt or distressed.
wrench: To deprive by means of a violent pull or twist.
wrench: To use a wrench; to twist with a wrench.
wrench: To violently move in a turn or writhe.
wrench: To tighten with or as if with a winch.
wrench: To thrust a weapon in a twisting motion.
wrench: To disarm an opponent by whirling his or her blade away.
debate: To participate in a debate; to dispute, argue, especially in a public arena.
debate: To fight.
debate: To engage in combat for; to strive for.
debate: To consider (to oneself), to think over, to attempt to decide
wether: To castrate a male sheep or goat.
colors: third-person singular simple present indicative of color
gander: ramble, wander
estate: To give an estate to.
estate: To bestow upon.
fender: To use fenders to protect the side of a boat
praise: To give praise to; to commend, glorify, or worship.
breeze: To move casually, in a carefree manner.
breeze: To blow gently.
breeze: To take a horse on a light run in order to understand the running characteristics of the horse and to observe it while under motion.
breeze: To swim near the surface of the water, causing ripples in the surface.
breeze: To buzz.
muzzle: To bind or confine an animal's mouth by putting a muzzle, as to prevent it from eating or biting.
muzzle: To restrain (from speaking, expressing opinion or acting); to gag; to silence; to censor.
muzzle: To veil, mask, muffle.
muzzle: To fondle with the closed mouth; to nuzzle.
muzzle: To bring the muzzle or mouth near.
direct: To manage, control, steer.
direct: To aim (something) at (something else).
direct: To point out to or show (somebody) the right course or way; to guide, as by pointing out the way.
direct: To point out to with authority; to instruct as a superior; to order.
direct: To address (a letter) to a particular person or place.
oppose: To attempt to stop the progression of; to resist or antagonize by physical means, or by arguments, etc.; to contend against.
oppose: To object to.
oppose: To present or set up in opposition; to pose.
oppose: To place in front of, or over against; to set opposite; to exhibit.
cannon: To bombard with cannons.
cannon: To play the carom billiard shot; to strike two balls with the cue ball.
cannon: To fire something, especially spherical, rapidly.
cannon: To collide or strike violently, especially so as to glance off or rebound.
tumult: To make a tumult; to be in great commotion.
batman: To act as a batman, wait on an officer.
batman: To climb up or down a rope free hand (i.e. as Batman does).
compel: To drive together, round up
compel: To overpower; to subdue.
compel: To force, constrain or coerce.
compel: To exact, extort, (make) produce by force.
compel: To force to yield; to overpower; to subjugate.
compel: To gather or unite in a crowd or company.
compel: To call forth; to summon.
thread: To put thread through.
thread: To pass (through a narrow constriction or around a series of obstacles).
thread: To screw on; to fit the threads of a nut on a bolt.
thread: To remove the hair using a thread.
canvas: To cover (an area or object) with canvas.
canvas: Obsolete spelling of canvass
desert: To leave (anything that depends on one's presence to survive, exist, or succeed), especially when contrary to a promise or obligation; to abandon; to forsake.
desert: To leave one's duty or post, especially to leave a military or naval unit without permission.
marine: To adapt for use in a marine environment.
marine: To temporarily inundate with water and/or other marine substances.
marine: To equip (a boat) with sailors and other personnel required for an ocean voyage.
abused: simple past and past participle of abuse
reveal: To uncover; to show and display that which was hidden.
reveal: To communicate that which could not be known or discovered without divine or supernatural instruction.
tomcat: To prowl for sexual gratification.
sprout: To grow from seed; to germinate.
sprout: To cause to grow from a seed.
sprout: To deprive of sprouts.
sprout: To emerge from the ground as sprouts.
sprout: To emerge haphazardly from a surface.
sprout: To emerge or appear haphazardly.
portal: To use a portal (magical or technological doorway).
hiccup: To produce a hiccup; have the hiccups.
hiccup: To say with a hiccup.
hiccup: To produce an abortive sound like a hiccup.
argued: simple past and past participle of argue
sneeze: To expel air as a reflex induced by an irritation in the nose.
sneeze: To expel air as if the nose were irritated.
sneeze: To expel or displace (air, snot, etc) from the nose or mouth by the process above.
detail: To explain in detail.
detail: To clean carefully (particularly of road vehicles) (always pronounced. /ˈdiːteɪl/)
detail: To assign to a particular task.
figure: To calculate, to solve a mathematical problem.
figure: To come to understand.
figure: To think, to assume, to suppose, to reckon.
figure: To be reasonable or predictable.
figure: To enter into; to be a part of.
figure: To represent in a picture or drawing.
figure: To represent by a figure, as to form or mould; to make an image of, either palpable or ideal; also, to fashion into a determinate form; to shape.
figure: To embellish with design; to adorn with figures.
figure: To indicate by numerals.
figure: To represent by a metaphor; to signify or symbolize.
figure: To prefigure; to foreshow.
figure: To write over or under the bass, as figures or other characters, in order to indicate the accompanying chords.
figure: To embellish.
kitten: to give birth to kittens
rescue: To save from any violence, danger or evil.
rescue: To free or liberate from confinement or other physical restraint.
rescue: To recover forcibly.
rescue: To deliver by arms, notably from a siege.
rescue: To remove or withdraw from a state of exposure to evil and sin.
rescue: To achieve something positive under difficult conditions.
vendor: To bundle third-party dependencies with the source code for one's own program.
vendor: As the software vendor, to bundle one's own, possibly modified version of dependencies with a standard program.
speech: To make a speech; to harangue.
tender: To make tender or delicate; to weaken.
tender: To feel tenderly towards; to regard fondly or with consideration.
tender: To work on a tender.
tender: To offer, to give.
tender: To offer a payment, as at sales or auctions.
spirit: To carry off, especially in haste, secrecy, or mystery.
spirit: Sometimes followed by up: to animate with vigour; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit.
source: To obtain or procure: used especially of a business resource.
source: To find information about (a quotation)'s source (from which it comes): to find a citation for.
beauty: To make beautiful.
sleeve: To fit and attach a sleeve to an upper garment (e.g. to a shirt, blouse, sweater, jacket, coat, etc.) or to a folder.
sleeve: To hide something up one's sleeve.
calque: To adopt (a word or phrase) from one language to another by semantic translation of its parts.
acting: present participle and gerund of act
advert: To take notice, to pay attention (to).
advert: To turn attention to, to take notice of (something).
advert: To call attention, refer (to).
credit: To believe; to put credence in.
credit: To add to an account.
credit: To acknowledge the contribution of.
credit: To bring honour or repute upon; to do credit to; to raise the estimation of.
murder: To kill (a person or persons) unlawfully, especially deliberately, without justification, and with malice aforethought.
murder: To defeat decisively.
murder: To kick someone's ass or chew someone out (used to express one’s anger at somebody).
murder: To botch or mangle.
murder: To devour, ravish.
tripod: To enter the tripod position showing signs of exhaustion or distress.
tripod: Of a lizard, to raise its body upright bracing itself on hind legs and tail.
adhere: To stick fast or cleave, as a glutinous substance does; to become joined or united.
adhere: To be attached or devoted by personal union, in belief, on principle, etc.
adhere: To be consistent or coherent; to be in accordance; to agree.
adhere: To affirm a judgment.
admire: To be amazed at; to view with surprise; to marvel at.
admire: To regard with wonder and delight.
admire: To look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure, as something which calls out approbation, esteem, love or reverence.
admire: To estimate or value highly; to hold in high esteem.
admire: To be enthusiastic about (doing something); to want or like (to do something). (Sometimes followed by to.)
maraud: To move about in roving fashion looking for plunder.
maraud: To go about aggressively or in a predatory manner.
maraud: To raid and pillage.
agrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of agree
agreed: simple past and past participle of agree
afford: To incur, stand, or bear without serious detriment, as an act which might under other circumstances be injurious; (usually after an expression of ability, as could, able, difficult) to be able or rich enough.
afford: To offer, provide, or supply, as in selling, granting or expending, with profit, or without too great a loss.
afford: To give forth; to supply, yield, or produce as the natural result, fruit, or issue.
afford: To give, grant, or confer, with a remoter reference to its being the natural result; to provide; to furnish.
ticket: To issue someone a ticket, as for travel or for a violation of a local or traffic law.
ticket: To mark with a ticket.
Velcro: To fasten with Velcro.
callus: To form such hardened tissue.
sphinx: To decorate with sphinxes.
sphinx: To adopt the posture of the Sphinx.
sphinx: To be inscrutable, often through silence.
sphinx: To behave in a manner characteristic of the Sphinx.
burrow: to dig a tunnel or hole
burrow: (with adverbial of direction) to move underneath or press up against in search of safety or comfort
burrow: (with into) to investigate thoroughly
advent: To arrive or begin, especially at the first coming or appearance of something.
hasten: To move or act in a quick fashion.
hasten: To make someone speed up or make something happen quicker.
hasten: To cause some scheduled event to happen earlier.
desire: To want; to wish for earnestly.
desire: To put a request to (someone); to entreat.
desire: To want emotionally or sexually.
desire: To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.
desire: To require; to demand; to claim.
desire: To miss; to regret.
allude: To refer to something indirectly or by suggestion.
amends: third-person singular simple present indicative of amend
allied: simple past and past participle of ally
allure: To entice; to attract.
advise: To give advice to; to offer an opinion to, as worthy or expedient to be followed.
advise: To recommend; to offer as advice.
advise: To give information or notice to; to inform or counsel; — with of before the thing communicated.
advise: To consider, to deliberate.
advise: To look at, watch; to see.
advise: To consult (with).
advise: To deliver judgment after a case has been reserved for further consideration.
hangar: To store (an aircraft) in a hangar.
pollen: To cover with, or as if with, pollen.
depict: To render a representation of something, using words, sounds, images, or other means.
skinny: To reduce or cut down.
stodge: To stuff; to cram.
alight: To make less heavy; to lighten; to alleviate, to relieve.
alight: Often followed by from or off: to get off an animal which one has been riding; to dismount; to descend or exit from a vehicle; hence, to complete one's journey; to stop.
alight: Often followed by at, on, or upon: of something aloft: to descend and settle; to land, to lodge, to rest.
alight: To come down or go down; to descend.
alight: Often followed by on or upon: of a blow, something thrown, etc.: to land heavily.
alight: Often followed by on or upon: to find by accident; to chance upon, to come upon.
alight: To arrive.
alight: To cast light on (something); to illuminate, to light up.
alight: To set light to (something); to set (something) on fire; to ignite, to light.
treble: To multiply by three; to make into three parts, layers, or thrice the amount.
treble: To become multiplied by three or increased threefold.
treble: To make a shrill or high-pitched noise.
treble: To utter in a treble key; to whine.
ambush: To station in ambush with a view to surprise an enemy.
ambush: To attack by ambush; to waylay.
invent: To design a new process or mechanism.
invent: To create something fictional for a particular purpose.
invent: To come upon; to find; to discover.
anoint: To smear or rub over with oil or an unctuous substance; also, to spread over, as oil.
anoint: To apply oil to or to pour oil upon, etc., as a sacred rite, especially for consecration.
anoint: To choose or nominate somebody for a leading or otherwise important position, especially formally or officially, or as an intended successor.
anoint: To mark somebody as an official ruler, especially a king or queen, as a part of a religious ceremony.
trench: To invade, especially with regard to the rights or the exclusive authority of another; to encroach.
trench: To excavate an elongated pit for protection of soldiers and or equipment, usually perpendicular to the line of sight toward the enemy.
trench: To excavate an elongated and often narrow pit.
trench: To have direction; to aim or tend.
trench: To cut; to form or shape by cutting; to make by incision, hewing, etc.
trench: To cut furrows or ditches in.
trench: To dig or cultivate very deeply, usually by digging parallel contiguous trenches in succession, filling each from the next.
escape: To get free; to free oneself.
escape: To avoid (any unpleasant person or thing); to elude, get away from.
escape: To avoid capture; to get away with something, avoid punishment.
escape: To elude the observation or notice of; to not be seen or remembered by.
escape: To cause (a single character, or all such characters in a string) to be interpreted literally, instead of with any special meaning it would usually have in the same context, often by prefixing with another character.
escape: To halt a program or command by pressing a key (such as the "Esc" key) or combination of keys.
bother: To annoy, to disturb, to irritate; to be troublesome to, to make trouble for.
bother: To feel care or concern; to burden or inconvenience oneself out of concern.
bother: To take the trouble, to trouble oneself (to do something).
bother: To take the trouble, to trouble oneself (to do something).
bother: To do something which is of negligible inconvenience.
leaven: To add a leavening agent.
leaven: To cause to rise by fermentation.
leaven: To temper an action or decision.
leaven: To imbue; to infect; to vitiate.
leaven: To rise or become larger.
cursor: To navigate by means of the cursor keys.
pepper: To add pepper to.
pepper: To strike with something made up of small particles.
pepper: To cover with lots of (something made up of small things).
pepper: To add (something) at frequent intervals.
pepper: To beat or thrash.
pepper: To shoot (upon) with the dotty.
buffet: To strike with a buffet; to cuff; to slap.
buffet: To aggressively challenge, denounce, or criticise.
buffet: To affect as with blows; to strike repeatedly; to strive with or contend against.
buffet: To deaden the sound of (bells) by muffling the clapper.
zither: To play a zither.
zither: To make a sound similar to that made by a zither; to move while making such a sound.
adduct: To draw towards a center or a middle line.
rubber: To eavesdrop on a telephone call
rubber: To rubberneck; to observe with unseemly curiosity.
sketch: To make a brief, basic drawing.
sketch: To describe briefly and with very few details.
candle: To observe the growth of an embryo inside (an egg), using a bright light source.
candle: To dry (greenware) prior to the firing cycle, setting the kiln at 200° Celsius until all water is removed from the greenware.
candle: To check (an item, such as an envelope) by holding it between a light source and the eye.
inning: present participle and gerund of inn
appall: To fill with horror and/or indignation; to dismay.
appall: To make pale; to blanch.
appall: To weaken; to reduce in strength
appall: To grow faint; to become weak; to become dismayed or discouraged.
appall: To lose flavour or become stale.
infant: To bear or bring forth (a child); to produce, in general.
carrot: To treat (an animal pelt) with a solution of mercuric nitrate as part of felt manufacture.
append: To hang or attach to, as by a string, so that the thing is suspended
append: To add, as an accessory to the principal thing; to annex
append: To write more data to the end of a pre-existing file, string, or other object.
corpse: To laugh uncontrollably during a performance.
corpse: To cause another actor to do this.
manage: To direct or be in charge of.
manage: To handle or control (a situation, job).
manage: To handle with skill, wield (a tool, weapon etc.).
manage: To succeed at an attempt in spite of difficulty.
manage: To achieve (something) without fuss, or without outside help.
manage: To manage to say; to say while fighting back embarrassment, laughter, etc.
manage: To train (a horse) in the manège; to exercise in graceful or artful action.
manage: To treat with care; to husband.
manage: To bring about; to contrive.
ensign: To designate as by an ensign.
ensign: To distinguish by a mark or ornament.
ensign: To distinguish by an ornament, especially by a crown.
aright: To make right; put right; arrange or treat properly.
hostel: To stay in a hostel during one's travels.
hostel: To lodge (a person) in a hostel.
falter: To waver or be unsteady; to weaken or trail off.
falter: To stammer; to utter with hesitation, or in a weak and trembling manner.
falter: To fail in distinctness or regularity of exercise; said of the mind or of thought.
falter: To stumble.
falter: To lose faith or vigor; to doubt or abandon (a cause).
falter: To hesitate in purpose or action.
falter: To cleanse or sift, as barley.
greens: third-person singular simple present indicative of green
totter: To walk, move or stand unsteadily or falteringly; threatening to fall.
totter: To be on the brink of collapse.
totter: To collect junk or scrap.
snatch: To grasp and remove quickly.
snatch: To attempt to seize something suddenly.
snatch: To take or seize hastily, abruptly, or without permission or ceremony.
snatch: To steal.
snatch: To take (a victory) at the last moment.
snatch: To do something quickly in the limited time available.
expand: To change (something) from a smaller form or size to a larger one; to spread out or lay open.
expand: To increase the extent, number, volume or scope of (something).
expand: To express (something) at length and/or in detail.
expand: To rewrite (an expression) as a longer, yet equivalent sum of terms.
expand: To become, by rewriting, a longer, yet equivalent sum of terms.
expand: To multiply both the numerator and the denominator of a fraction by the same natural number yielding a fraction of equal value
expand: To change or grow from smaller to larger in form, number, or size.
expand: To increase in extent, number, volume or scope.
expand: To speak or write at length or in detail.
expand: To feel generous or optimistic.
member: To remember.
muscle: To use force to make progress, especially physical force.
rooted: simple past and past participle of root
deluge: To flood with water.
deluge: To overwhelm.
follow: To go after; to pursue; to move behind in the same path or direction, especially with the intent of catching.
follow: To go or come after in a sequence.
follow: To carry out (orders, instructions, etc.).
follow: To live one's life according to (religion, teachings, etc).
follow: To understand, to pay attention to.
follow: To watch, to keep track of (reports of) some event or person.
follow: To subscribe to see content from an account on a social media platform.
follow: To be a logical consequence of something.
follow: To walk in, as a road or course; to attend upon closely, as a profession or calling.
appeal: Often followed by against (the inferior court's decision) or to (the superior court): to apply to a superior court or judge for a decision or order by an inferior court or judge to be reviewed and overturned.
appeal: To apply to a superior court or judge to review and overturn (a decision or order by an inferior court or judge).
appeal: To accuse or charge (someone) with wrongdoing (especially treason).
appeal: Of a private person: to instituted legal proceedings (against another private person) for some heinous crime, demanding punishment for the particular injury suffered.
appeal: Of the accomplice of a felon: to make an accusation at common law against (the felon).
appeal: To call upon a person or an authority to corroborate a statement, to decide a controverted question, or to vindicate one's rights; to entreat, to invoke.
appeal: To call upon a person or an authority to corroborate a statement, to decide a controverted question, or to vindicate one's rights; to entreat, to invoke.
appeal: Of a fielding side; to ask an umpire for a decision on whether a batsman is out or not, usually by saying "How's that?" or "Howzat?".
appeal: To call upon someone for a favour, help, etc.
appeal: To have recourse or resort to some physical means.
appeal: To be attractive.
appeal: To summon (someone) to defend their honour in a duel, or their innocence in a trial by combat; to challenge.
appear: To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.
appear: To come before the public.
appear: To stand in presence of some authority, tribunal, or superior person, to answer a charge, plead a cause, etc.; to present oneself as a party or advocate before a court, or as a person to be tried.
appear: To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension, or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.
appear: To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.
appear: To bring into view.
bloody: To stain with blood.
bloody: To draw blood from (one's opponent) in a fight.
bloody: To demonstrably harm (the cause of an opponent).
reduce: To bring down the size, quantity, quality, value or intensity of something; to diminish, to lower.
reduce: To lose weight.
reduce: To bring to an inferior rank; to degrade, to demote.
reduce: To humble; to conquer; to subdue; to capture.
reduce: To bring to an inferior state or condition.
reduce: To decrease the liquid content of food by boiling much of its water off.
reduce: To add electrons / hydrogen or to remove oxygen.
reduce: To produce metal from ore by removing nonmetallic elements in a smelter.
reduce: To simplify an equation or formula without changing its value.
reduce: To express the solution of a problem in terms of another (known) algorithm.
reduce: To convert a syllogism to a clearer or simpler form.
reduce: To convert to written form. (Usage note: this verb almost always appears as "reduce to writing".)
reduce: To perform a reduction; to restore a fracture or dislocation to the correct alignment.
reduce: To reform a line or column from (a square).
reduce: To strike off the payroll.
reduce: To annul by legal means.
reduce: To translate (a book, document, etc.).
leg it: To run away, to flee.
leg it: To hurry.
puffed: simple past and past participle of puff
arcade: To cover (something) as with a series of arches.
resist: To attempt to counter the actions or effects of.
resist: To withstand the actions of.
resist: To oppose; to refuse to accept.
resist: To be distasteful to.
centre: Alternative spelling of center
canton: To delineate as a separate district.
canton: To divide into cantons.
canton: To allot quarters to troops.
cheers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheer
cheers: To say "cheers" as a toast.
tattoo: To apply a tattoo to (someone or something).
tattoo: To hit the ball hard, as if to figuratively leave a tattoo on the ball.
tattoo: To tap rhythmically on, to drum.
author: To create a work as its author.
Yankee: to cheat, trick or swindle somebody; to misrepresent something
tenure: To grant tenure, the status of having a permanent academic position, to (someone).
hatter: To tire or worry.
waiter: To work as a waiter.
serial: to assign a serial number to (especially of aircraft)
depart: To leave.
depart: To set out on a journey.
depart: To die.
depart: To disappear, vanish; to cease to exist.
depart: To deviate (from), be different (from), fail to conform.
depart: To go away from; to leave.
depart: To lose control of an aircraft; to "depart" (sense 5) from controlled flight (with the aircraft as the direct object)
depart: To divide up; to distribute, share.
depart: To separate, part.
bistro: to eat at a bistro
beagle: To hunt with beagles.
beagle: To search.
defect: To abandon or turn against; to cease or change one's loyalty, especially from a military organisation or political party.
defect: To desert one's army, to flee from combat.
defect: To join the enemy army.
defect: To flee one's country and seek asylum.
shovel: To move materials with a shovel.
shovel: To move with a shoveling motion.
pester: To bother, harass, or annoy persistently.
pester: To crowd together thickly.
carpet: To lay carpet, or to have carpet installed, in an area.
carpet: To substantially cover something, as a carpet does; to blanket something.
carpet: To reprimand.
squick: To gross out, to disgust.
squick: To be grossed out, to experience disgust.
squick: To sexually penetrate a disgusting part of the head, such as an eye-socket
mouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of mouse
arrive: To reach; to get to a certain place.
arrive: To obtain a level of success or fame; to succeed.
arrive: To come; said of time.
arrive: To happen or occur.
arrive: To reach; to come to.
arrive: To bring to shore.
puzzle: To perplex, confuse, or mystify; to cause (someone) to be faced with a mystery, without answers or an explanation.
puzzle: To think long and carefully, in bewilderment.
puzzle: To make intricate; to entangle.
cowboy: To work as a cowboy, herding cattle.
bottom: To furnish (something) with a bottom.
bottom: To pour spirits into (a glass to be topped up with soda water).
bottom: To wind (like a ball of thread etc.).
bottom: To establish or found (something) on or upon.
bottom: To lie on the bottom of; to underlie, to lie beneath.
bottom: To be based or grounded.
bottom: To reach or strike against the bottom of something, so as to impede free action.
bottom: To reach the bottom of something.
bottom: To fall to the lowest point.
bottom: To be the submissive partner in a BDSM relationship.
bottom: To be anally penetrated in gay sex.
period: To come to a period; to conclude.
period: To put an end to.
petard: To attack or blow a hole in (something) with a petard.
refold: To fold again.
turnip: To plant with turnips.
turnip: To feed or graze (livestock) on turnips.
wanton: To rove and ramble without restraint, rule, or limit; to revel; to play loosely; to frolic.
wanton: To waste or squander, especially in pleasure (most often with away).
wanton: To act wantonly; to be lewd or lascivious.
single: To get a hit that advances the batter exactly one base.
single: To thin out.
single: To take the irregular gait called singlefoot.
single: To sequester; to withdraw; to retire.
single: To take alone, or one by one; to single out.
single: To reduce (a railway) to single track.
middle: To take a middle view of.
middle: To double (a rope) into two equal portions; to fold in the middle.
umlaut: To place an umlaut over (a vowel).
umlaut: To modify (a word) so that an umlaut is required in it.
bypass: To avoid an obstacle etc, by constructing or using a bypass.
bypass: To ignore the usual channels or procedures.
psyche: To put (someone) into a required psychological frame of mind.
psyche: To intimidate (someone) emotionally using psychology.
psyche: To treat (someone) using psychoanalysis.
object: To disagree with or oppose something or someone; (especially in a Court of Law) to raise an objection.
object: To offer in opposition as a criminal charge or by way of accusation or reproach; to adduce as an objection or adverse reason.
object: To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose.
entail: To imply, require, or invoke.
entail: To settle or fix inalienably on a person or thing, or on a person and his descendants or a certain line of descendants; -- said especially of an estate; to bestow as a heritage.
entail: To appoint hereditary possessor.
entail: To cut or carve in an ornamental way.
battle: To join in battle; to contend in fight
battle: To fight or struggle; to enter into a battle with.
battle: To feed or nourish (someone or something).
battle: To render (land, soil, etc.) fertile or fruitful.
honest: To adorn or grace; to honour; to make becoming, appropriate, or honourable.
sol-fa: To sing a sol-fa
closet: To shut away for private discussion.
closet: To put into a private place for a secret interview or interrogation.
closet: To shut up in, or as in, a closet for concealment or confinement.
auntie: To be or behave like the aunt of.
canned: simple past and past participle of can
wonder: To be affected with surprise or admiration; to be struck with astonishment; to be amazed; to marvel; often followed by at.
wonder: To ponder; to feel doubt and curiosity; to query in the mind.
patron: To be a patron of; to patronize; to favour.
patron: To treat as a patron.
pogrom: To persecute or massacre a particular group of people.
spruce: To arrange neatly; tidy up.
spruce: To make oneself spruce (neat and elegant in appearance).
spruce: To tease.
duplex: To make duplex.
duplex: To make into a duplex.
duplex: To make a series of duplex throws.
regard: To look at; to observe.
regard: To consider, look upon (something) in a given way etc.
regard: To take notice of, pay attention to.
regard: To face toward.
regard: To have to do with, to concern.
regard: To set store by (something), to hold (someone) in esteem; to consider to have value, to respect.
reboot: To execute a computer's boot process, effectively resetting the computer and causing the operating system to reload, possibly after a system failure.
reboot: To start afresh.
reboot: Restart; to return to an initial configuration or state.
uncage: To take out of or release from a cage.
uncage: To unleash; to remove from restraints.
repent: To feel pain, sorrow, or regret for what one has done or omitted to do; the cause for repenting may be indicated with "of".
repent: To be sorry for sin as morally evil, and to seek forgiveness; to cease to practice sin and to love.
repent: To feel pain on account of; to remember with sorrow.
repent: To be sorry for, to regret.
repent: To cause to have sorrow or regret.
repent: To cause (oneself) to feel pain or regret.
madder: To dye with madder.
madder: Eye dialect spelling of matter.
filter: To sort, sift, or isolate.
filter: To diffuse; to cause to be less concentrated or focused.
filter: To pass through a filter or to act as though passing through a filter.
filter: To move slowly or gradually; to come or go a few at a time.
filter: To ride a motorcycle between lanes on a road
get up: To move in an upward direction; to ascend or climb.
get up: To rise from one's bed (often implying to wake up).
get up: To move from a sitting or lying position to a standing position; to stand up.
get up: To materialise; to grow stronger.
get up: To bring together; to amass.
get up: To gather or grow larger by accretion.
get up: To go towards the attacking goal.
get up: To criticise.
get up: To annoy.
get up: To dress in a certain way, especially extravagantly.
Amazon: To overwhelm or obliterate, in the context of an Internet start-up vastly outperforming its brick and mortar competition.
bugger: To have anal sex with, sodomize.
bugger: To break or ruin.
bugger: Expressing contemptuous dismissal of the grammatical object.
homage: To pay reverence to by external action.
homage: To cause to pay homage.
expire: To die.
expire: To lapse and become invalid.
expire: To come to an end; to conclude.
expire: To exhale; to breathe out.
expire: To give forth insensibly or gently, as a fluid or vapour; to emit in minute particles.
expire: To bring to a close; to terminate.
go off: To explode.
go off: To fire, especially accidentally.
go off: To explode metaphorically; to become very angry.
go off: To begin clanging or making noise.
go off: To stop operating; to switch off.
go off: To depart; to leave.
go off: To putrefy or become inedible, or to become unusable in any way.
go off: To like less.
go off: To cure; to set.
go off: To pass off; to take place; to be accomplished.
go off: To ejaculate.
go off: To serve.
go off: To follow or extrapolate from something; to judge by.
embark: To get on a boat or ship or (outside the USA) an aeroplane.
embark: To start, begin.
embark: To cause to go on board a vessel or boat; to put on shipboard.
embark: To engage, enlist, or invest (as persons, money, etc.) in any affair.
resign: To give up; to relinquish ownership of.
resign: To hand over (something to someone), place into the care or control of another.
resign: To quit (a job or position).
resign: To submit passively; to give up as hopeless or inevitable.
resign: Alternative spelling of re-sign
pebble: To pave with pebbles.
pebble: To deposit water droplets on the ice.
pebble: To give (leather) a rough appearance with small rounded prominences.
pebble: To place a pebble at (a vertex of a graph) according to certain rules; see pebble game.
jacket: To confine (someone) to a straitjacket.
jacket: To enclose or encase in a jacket or other covering.
abated: simple past and past participle of abate
abided: simple past and past participle of abide
aahing: present participle and gerund of aah
thrall: To make a thrall; enslave.
abuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of abuse
delete: To remove, get rid of or erase, especially written or printed material, or data on a computer or other device.
delete: To defeat or dominate.
delete: To kill or murder.
abates: third-person singular simple present indicative of abate
solder: to join items together, or to coat them with solder
solder: to join things as if with solder.
flaunt: To wave or flutter smartly in the wind.
flaunt: To parade, display with ostentation.
flaunt: To show off, as with flashy clothing.
flaunt: To flout.
gibber: To jabber, talk rapidly and unintelligibly or incoherently.
fleece: To con or trick (someone) out of money.
fleece: To shear the fleece from (a sheep or other animal).
fleece: To cover with, or as if with, wool.
motion: To gesture indicating a desired movement.
motion: To introduce a motion in parliamentary procedure.
motion: To make a proposal; to offer plans.
grieve: To cause sorrow or distress to.
grieve: To feel very sad about; to mourn; to sorrow for.
grieve: To experience grief.
grieve: To harm.
grieve: To submit or file a grievance (about).
refute: To prove (something) to be false or incorrect.
refute: To deny the truth or correctness of (something).
rasher: To cut into rashers.
dreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of dread
format: To create or edit the layout of a document.
format: Change a document so it will fit onto a different type of page.
format: To prepare a mass storage medium for initial use, erasing any existing data in the process.
refuse: To decline (a request or demand).
refuse: To decline a request or demand, forbear; to withhold permission.
refuse: To throw back, or cause to keep back (as the centre, a wing, or a flank), out of the regular alignment when troops are about to engage the enemy.
refuse: To disown.
refuse: To melt again.
vapour: British standard spelling of vapor.
scotch: To cut or score; to wound superficially.
scotch: To prevent (something) from being successful.
scotch: To debunk or discredit an idea or rumor.
scotch: To block a wheel or other round object.
scotch: To dress (stone) with a pick or pointed instrument.
scotch: To beat yarn in order to break up slugs and align the threads.
scotch: To clothe or cover up.
scotch: To rape.
parody: To make a parody of something.
quiver: To shake or move with slight and tremulous motion.
forage: To search for and gather food for animals, particularly cattle and horses.
forage: To rampage through, gathering and destroying as one goes.
forage: To rummage.
forage: Of an animal: to seek out and eat food.
select: To choose one or more elements of a set, especially a set of options.
select: To obtain a set of data from a database using a query.
govern: To make and administer the public policy and affairs of; to exercise sovereign authority in.
govern: To exercise political authority; to run a government.
govern: To control the actions or behavior of; to keep under control; to restrain.
govern: To exercise a deciding or determining influence on.
govern: To have or exercise a determining influence.
govern: To handle, to manage, to oversee (a matter, an affair, a household, etc.).
govern: To control the speed, flow etc. of; to regulate.
govern: To direct the course of, to guide in some direction, to steer.
govern: To look after, to take care of, to tend to (someone or some plant).
govern: To manage, to control, to work (a tool or mechanical device).
govern: To require that a certain preposition, grammatical case, etc. be used with a word; sometimes used synonymously with collocate.
evolve: To move (something) in regular procession through a system.
evolve: To change or transform (something).
evolve: To cause (something) to come into being or develop.
evolve: Of a population: to acquire or develop (a trait) in the process of biological evolution.
evolve: To cause (a population, a species, etc.) to change genetic composition over successive generations through the process of evolution.
evolve: To give off (a gas such as carbon dioxide or oxygen) during a chemical reaction.
evolve: To wind or unwind (something).
evolve: To move in regular procession through a system.
evolve: To change, to transform.
evolve: Of a trait; to develop within a population through biological evolution.
baking: present participle and gerund of bake.
snitch: To inform on, especially in betrayal of others.
snitch: To contact or cooperate with the police for any reason.
snitch: To steal, quickly and quietly.
duress: To put under duress; to pressure.
office: To provide (someone) with an office.
office: To have an office.
belong: To have its proper place.
belong: To be accepted in a group.
belong: To have its proper place.
belong: To be a part of a group.
belong: To have its proper place.
belong: To be part of, or the property of.
belong: To be the spouse or partner of.
belong: (followed by to) To be an element of (a set). The symbol ∈ means belongs to.
belong: To be deserved by.
imbibe: To drink (used frequently of alcoholic beverages).
imbibe: To take in; absorb.
imbibe: To steep; to cause to absorb liquid.
spiral: To move along the path of a spiral or helix.
spiral: To cause something to spiral.
spiral: To increase continually.
quarry: To obtain (or mine) stone by extraction from a quarry.
quarry: To extract or slowly obtain by long, tedious searching.
quarry: To secure prey; to prey, as a vulture or harpy.
obtund: To reduce the edge or effects of; to mitigate; to dull.
option: To purchase an option on something.
option: To configure, by setting an option.
sheath: Alternative spelling of sheathe
cachet: To mark (an envelope) with a commemorative stamped design or inscription.
gerbil: To rotate inside a monowheel or similar apparatus due to sudden acceleration or braking.
gerbil: To insert a small animal (typically a gerbil, supposedly) into one's rectum (a sexual practice in urban myth).
acuate: To sharpen; to make pungent; to quicken.
affray: To startle from quiet; to alarm.
affray: To frighten; to scare; to frighten away.
earwig: To fill the mind of with prejudice by insinuations.
earwig: To attempt to influence by persistent confidential argument or talk.
earwig: To eavesdrop.
earwig: To eavesdrop on.
obtain: To get hold of; to gain possession of, to procure; to acquire, in any way.
obtain: To secure (that) a specific objective or state of affairs be reached.
obtain: To prevail, be victorious; to succeed.
obtain: To hold; to keep, possess or occupy.
obtain: To exist or be the case; to hold true, be in force.
packed: simple past and past participle of pack
awhape: To confound; to terrify; to amaze.
A-bomb: To bomb with an atom bomb.
wikify: To adapt to the standards and facilities of an existing wiki, such as by marking up with wikitext.
wikify: To make into a wiki, or to use a wiki approach for.
wikify: To use or participate in a wiki.
avaunt: To advance; to move forward; to elevate.
avaunt: To depart; to move away.
avaunt: To vaunt; to boast.
incest: To engage in incestuous sexual intercourse.
pleach: To unite by interweaving, as (horticulture) branches of shrubs, trees, etc., to create a hedge; to interlock, to plash.
pardon: To forgive (a person).
pardon: To refrain from exacting as a penalty.
pardon: To grant an official pardon for a crime.
averse: To turn away.
having: present participle and gerund of have
sex up: To take part in sexual acts with.
sex up: To arouse somebody sexually
sex up: To make more sexually attractive.
sex up: To enhance in terms of fashionable appeal.
sex up: To sensationalize.
acquit: To declare or find innocent or not guilty.
acquit: To discharge (for example, a claim or debt); to clear off, to pay off; to fulfil.
acquit: Followed by of (and formerly by from): to discharge, release, or set free from a burden, duty, liability, or obligation, or from an accusation or charge.
acquit: To bear or conduct oneself; to perform one's part.
acquit: To clear oneself.
acquit: past participle of acquit.
acquit: To release, to rescue, to set free.
acquit: To pay for; to atone for.
faggot: Alternative form of fagot
broach: To make a hole in, especially a cask of liquor, and put in a tap in order to draw the liquid.
broach: To open, to make an opening into; to pierce.
broach: To begin discussion about (something).
broach: To be turned sideways to oncoming waves, especially large or breaking waves.
broach: To cause to turn sideways to oncoming waves, especially large or breaking waves (usually followed by to; also figurative).
broach: To break the surface of the water.
avenge: To take vengeance (for); to exact satisfaction for by punishing the injuring party; to vindicate by inflicting pain or evil on a wrongdoer.
avenge: To revenge oneself (on or upon someone).
avenge: To take vengeance.
avenge: To treat revengefully; to wreak vengeance on.
palate: To relish; to find palatable.
ranges: third-person singular simple present indicative of range
shrine: To enshrine; to place reverently, as if in a shrine.
litter: To drop or throw trash without properly disposing of it (as discarding in public areas rather than trash receptacles).
litter: To scatter carelessly about.
litter: To strew (a place) with scattered articles.
litter: To give birth to, in the manner of animals.
litter: To produce a litter of young.
litter: To supply (cattle etc.) with litter; to cover with litter, as the floor of a stall.
litter: To be supplied with litter as bedding; to sleep or make one's bed in litter.
fridge: To place (something) inside a refrigerator to chill; to refrigerate.
fridge: To gratuitously kill, disempower, or otherwise remove (a character, usually female) from a narrative, often strictly to hurt another character (usually male) and motivate vengeance.
fridge: To chafe or rub (something).
fridge: To chafe or rub.
fridge: Synonym of fidge (“to jostle or shake; to fidget, to fig, to frig”)
hollow: to make a hole in something; to excavate
hollow: To call or urge by shouting; to hollo.
supper: To consume a snack before going to bed.
supper: To eat dinner.
savage: To attack or assault someone or something ferociously or without restraint.
savage: To criticise vehemently.
savage: To attack with the teeth.
savage: To make savage.
mirror: Of an event, activity, behaviour, etc, to be identical to; to be a copy of.
mirror: To create something identical to (a web site, etc.).
mirror: To reflect, as in a mirror.
serene: To make serene.
brooch: To adorn as with a brooch.
granny: To be a grandmother.
granny: To act like a stereotypical grandmother; to fuss.
wallop: To rush hastily.
wallop: To flounder, wallow.
wallop: To boil with a continued bubbling or heaving and rolling, with noise.
wallop: To strike heavily, thrash soundly.
wallop: To trounce, beat by a wide margin.
wallop: To wrap up temporarily.
wallop: To move in a rolling, cumbersome manner; to waddle.
wallop: To eat or drink with gusto.
wallop: To send a message to all operators on an Internet Relay Chat server.
mucker: To scrape together (money, etc.) by mean labour or shifts.
bleach: To treat with bleach, especially so as to whiten (fabric, paper, etc.) or lighten (hair).
bleach: To be whitened or lightened (by the sun, for example).
bleach: To lose color due to stress-induced expulsion of symbiotic unicellular algae.
bleach: To make meaningless; to divest of meaning; to make empty.
favour: Standard spelling of favor.
cumber: To slow down; to hinder; to burden; to encumber.
redeem: To recover ownership of something by buying it back.
redeem: To liberate by payment of a ransom.
redeem: To set free by force.
redeem: To save, rescue
redeem: To clear, release from debt or blame
redeem: To expiate, atone (for)
redeem: To convert (some bond or security) into cash
redeem: To save from a state of sin (and from its consequences).
redeem: To repair, restore
redeem: To reform, change (for the better)
redeem: To restore the honour, worth, or reputation of oneself or something.
redeem: To reclaim
spouse: To wed; to espouse.
voyage: To go on a long journey.
diaper: To put diapers on someone.
diaper: To draw flowers or figures, as upon cloth.
coupon: To use coupons to a such extent that makes the user actively looking for coupons in magazines, online and whatever they can be found.
liquor: To drink liquor, usually to excess.
liquor: To cause someone to drink liquor, usually to excess.
liquor: To grease.
stitch: To form stitches in; especially, to sew in such a manner as to show on the surface a continuous line of stitches.
stitch: To sew, or unite or attach by stitches.
stitch: To practice/practise stitching or needlework.
stitch: To form land into ridges.
stitch: To weld together through a series of connecting or overlapping spot welds.
stitch: To include, combine, or unite into a single whole.
stitch: To combine two or more photographs of the same scene into a single image.
stitch: To include, combine, or unite into a single whole.
stitch: To incorporate (an existing video) into a new one, resulting in a collaborative clip that shows the two videos in a sequence.
stitch: To include, combine, or unite into a single whole.
immure: To cloister, confine, imprison or hole up: to lock someone up or seclude oneself behind walls.
immure: To put or bury within a wall.
immure: To wall in.
immure: To trap or capture (an impurity); chiefly in the participial adjective immured and gerund or gerundial noun immuring.
shades: third-person singular simple present indicative of shade
nipper: To seize (two ropes) together.
noodle: To fool or trick (someone).
noodle: To engage in frivolous behaviour; to fool around or waste time.
noodle: To hum or sing (a tune) at a low pitch or volume.
noodle: To play (a musical instrument or passage of music) or to sing (a passage of music) in an improvisatory or lighthearted manner; also, to play (a series of ornamental notes) on an instrument.
noodle: To ponder or think about (something).
noodle: To play a musical instrument or to sing in an improvisatory or lighthearted manner; also, to play a series of ornamental notes on an instrument.
noodle: To ponder or think, especially in an unproductive or unsystematic manner; to muse.
noodle: To attempt in an informal or uncertain manner; to fiddle.
noodle: Often followed by about or around: to mess around, to play.
noodle: To search (mullock (“mining or ore processing waste”)) for opals.
noodle: To obtain (an opal) by searching through mullock.
noodle: To clear extraneous material from (an opal).
noodle: To search mullock for opals; to fossick.
noodle: To catch (fish (usually very large catfish), turtles, or other aquatic animals) with the hands; also, to catch (fish) using a gaff or fishing spear; to gaff.
cooked: simple past and past participle of cook
united: simple past and past participle of unite
feeble: To make feeble; to enfeeble.
delude: To deceive into believing something which is false; to lead into error; to dupe.
delude: To frustrate or disappoint.
fizzle: To sputter or hiss.
fizzle: To decay or die off to nothing; to burn out; to end less successfully than previously hoped.
fizzle: To fail to generate the expected yield when exploded during testing.
adjust: To modify.
adjust: To improve or rectify.
adjust: To settle an insurance claim.
adjust: To change to fit circumstances.
rebate: To deduct or return an amount from a bill or payment
rebate: To diminish or lessen something
rebate: To beat to obtuseness; to deprive of keenness; to blunt; to turn back the point of, as a lance used for exercise.
rebate: To cut a rebate (or rabbet) in something
rebate: To abate; to withdraw.
rebate: Of a falcon: to return to the hand after bating; see bate².
eschew: To avoid; to shun, to shy away from.
chorus: To sing (a song), express (a sentiment), or recite or say (words) in chorus.
chorus: To express concurrence with (something said by another person); to echo.
chorus: To provide (a song) with a chorus or refrain.
chorus: To sing the chorus or refrain of a song.
chorus: To sing, express, or say in, or as if in, unison.
chorus: To echo in unison another person's words.
chorus: Of animals: to make cries or sounds together.
sponge: To take advantage of the kindness of others.
sponge: To get by imposition; to scrounge.
sponge: To deprive (somebody) of something by imposition.
sponge: To clean, soak up, or dab with a sponge.
sponge: To suck in, or imbibe, like a sponge.
sponge: To wipe out with a sponge, as letters or writing; to efface; to destroy all trace of.
sponge: To be converted, as dough, into a light, spongy mass by the agency of yeast or leaven.
sponge: To use a piece of wild sponge as a tool when foraging for food.
boxing: present participle and gerund of box
boxing: present participle and gerund of box
tumble: To fall end over end; to roll over and over.
tumble: To throw headlong.
tumble: To perform gymnastics such as somersaults, rolls, and handsprings.
tumble: To drop rapidly.
tumble: To smooth and polish (e.g. gemstones or pebbles) by means of a rotating tumbler.
tumble: To have sexual intercourse.
tumble: To move or rush in a headlong or uncontrolled way.
tumble: To muss, to make disorderly; to tousle or rumple.
tumble: To obscure the audit trail of funds by means of a tumbler.
tumble: To comprehend; often in tumble to.
harbor: To provide a harbor or safe place for.
harbor: To take refuge or shelter in a protected expanse of water.
harbor: To drive (a hunted stag) to covert.
harbor: To hold or persistently entertain in one's thoughts or mind.
bogart: To selfishly take or keep something; to hog; especially to hold a joint (marijuana) dangling between the lips instead of passing it on.
bogart: To get something by bullying, intimidation; be a tough guy.
inhale: To draw air into the lungs, through the nose or mouth by action of the diaphragm.
inhale: To draw air or any form of gas (either in a pure form, or mixed with small particles in form of aerosols/smoke -sometimes stemming from a medicament) into the lungs, through the nose or mouth by action of the diaphragm.
inhale: To eat very quickly.
exhale: To expel air from the lungs through the nose or mouth by action of the diaphragm, to breathe out.
exhale: To expel (something, such as tobacco smoke) from the lungs by action of the diaphragm.
exhale: To pass off in the form of vapour; to emerge.
exhale: To emit (a vapour, an odour, etc.).
exhale: To draw out; to cause to be emitted in vapour.
fother: To feed animals (with fother).
fother: To stop a leak with oakum or old rope (often by drawing a sail under the hull).
wasn't: was not (negative auxiliary)
fodder: To feed animals (with fodder).
dicker: To bargain, haggle or negotiate over a sale.
dicker: To barter.
dicker: To fiddle.
bruise: To strike (a person), originally with something flat or heavy, but now specifically in such a way as to discolour the skin without breaking it.
bruise: To damage the skin of (fruit or vegetables), in an analogous way.
bruise: Of fruit or vegetables, to gain bruises through being handled roughly.
bruise: To become bruised.
bruise: To fight with the fists; to box.
bruise: To harm or injure.
bruise: To impair (gin) by shaking rather than stirring.
windle: To bind straw into bundles.
strake: To stretch.
strake: simple past of strike
acknow: To recognize.
acknow: To acknowledge; confess (often with "of" or "on"), reveal, disclose, realize
braize: Dated form of braise.
sticky: to fix a thread at the top of the list of topics or threads so as to keep it in view.
bushel: To mend or repair clothes.
bushel: To pack grain, hops, etc. into bushel measures.
fresco: To paint using fresco.
kvetch: To whine or complain, often needlessly and incessantly.
darken: To make dark or darker by reducing light.
darken: To become dark or darker (having less light).
darken: To get dark (referring to the sky, either in the evening or as a result of cloud).
darken: To make dark or darker in colour.
darken: To become dark or darker in colour.
darken: To render gloomy, darker in mood.
darken: To become gloomy, darker in mood.
darken: To blind, impair the eyesight.
darken: To be blinded, lose one’s eyesight.
darken: To cloud, obscure, or perplex; to render less clear or intelligible.
darken: To make foul; to sully; to tarnish.
darken: To be extinguished or deprived of vitality, to die.
pocket: To put (something) into a pocket.
pocket: To cause a ball to go into one of the pockets of the table; to complete a shot.
pocket: To take and keep (something, especially money, that is not one's own).
pocket: To put up with; to bear without complaint.
parcel: To wrap something up into the form of a package.
parcel: To wrap a strip around the end of a rope.
parcel: To divide and distribute by parts or portions; often with off, out or into.
parcel: To add a parcel or item to; to itemize.
parget: To coat with gypsum; to plaster, for example walls, or the interior of flues.
parget: To paint; to cover over.
fabric: To cover with fabric.
dimple: To create a dimple in.
dimple: To create a dimple in one's face by smiling.
dimple: To form dimples; to sink into depressions or little inequalities.
define: To determine with precision; to mark out with distinctness; to ascertain or exhibit clearly.
define: To settle, decide (an argument etc.)
define: To express the essential nature of something.
define: To state the meaning of a word, phrase, sign, or symbol.
define: To describe, explain, or make definite and clear; used to request the listener or other person to elaborate or explain more clearly his or her intended meaning of a word or expression.
define: To demark sharply the outlines or limits of an area or concept.
define: To establish the referent of a term or notation.
tamped: simple past and past participle of tamp
meteor: To move at great speed.
hurdle: To jump over something while running.
hurdle: To compete in the track and field events of hurdles (e.g. high hurdles).
hurdle: To overcome an obstacle.
hurdle: To hedge, cover, make, or enclose with hurdles.
hurdle: Misspelling of hurtle.
ribbit: To make the sound of a frog or toad.
armour: British standard spelling of armor.
gusset: To make with a gusset; to sew a gusset into.
morris: To perform morris dancing.
dogleg: To bend in the shape of the hind leg of a dog, especially to turn and then turn back sharply to the original direction.
stripe: To mark with stripes.
stripe: To lash with a whip or strap.
stripe: To distribute data across several separate physical disks to reduce the time to read and write.
hinged: simple past and past participle of hinge
calver: To cut into slices and pickle.
calver: To bear, or be susceptible of, being calvered.
mallet: To beat or strike with, or as if with, a mallet.
bounce: To change the direction of motion after hitting an obstacle.
bounce: To move quickly up and then down (or vice versa), once or repeatedly.
bounce: To cause to move quickly up and down, or back and forth, once or repeatedly.
bounce: To suggest or introduce (an idea, etc.) to (off or by) someone, in order to gain feedback.
bounce: To leap or spring suddenly or unceremoniously; to bound.
bounce: To move rapidly (between).
bounce: To be refused by a bank because it is drawn on insufficient funds.
bounce: To fail to cover (have sufficient funds for) (a draft presented against one's account).
bounce: To leave.
bounce: To eject violently, as from a room; to discharge unceremoniously, as from employment.
bounce: To have sexual intercourse.
bounce: To attack unexpectedly.
bounce: To turn power off and back on; to reset.
bounce: To return undelivered.
bounce: To land hard and lift off again due to excess momentum.
bounce: To land hard at unsurvivable velocity with fatal results.
bounce: To mix (two or more tracks of a multi-track audio tape recording) and record the result onto a single track, in order to free up tracks for further material to be added.
bounce: To bully; to scold.
bounce: To boast; to bluster.
bounce: To strike or thump, so as to rebound, or to make a sudden noise; to knock loudly.
vortex: To mix using a vortex mixer
porter: To serve as a porter; to carry.
assent: To agree to a proposal.
barrel: To put or to pack in a barrel or barrels.
barrel: To move quickly or in an uncontrolled manner.
barrel: To assume the shape of a barrel; specifically, of the image on a computer display, television, etc., to exhibit barrel distortion, where the sides bulge outwards.
repute: To attribute or credit something to something; to impute.
repute: To consider, think, esteem, reckon (a person or thing) to be, or as being, something
brazen: To turn a brass color.
brazen: Generally followed by out or through: to carry through in a brazen manner; to act boldly despite embarrassment, risk, etc.
plough: To use a plough on soil to prepare for planting.
plough: To use a plough.
plough: To move with force.
plough: To furrow; to make furrows, grooves, or ridges in.
plough: To run through, as in sailing.
plough: To trim, or shave off the edges of, as a book or paper, with a plough.
plough: To cut a groove in, as in a plank, or the edge of a board; especially, a rectangular groove to receive the end of a shelf or tread, the edge of a panel, a tongue, etc.
plough: To fail (a student).
plough: To have sex with, penetrate.
stereo: To create a stereophotographic image of.
renown: To make famous.
strand: To run aground; to beach.
strand: To leave (someone) in a difficult situation; to abandon or desert.
strand: To cause the third out of an inning to be made, leaving a runner on base.
strand: To break a strand of (a rope).
strand: To form by uniting strands.
phwoar: To express sexual desire upon seeing a person that one finds sexually attractive.
deduct: To take one thing from another; remove from; make smaller or less by some amount.
sleaze: To act or progress in a sleazy manner.
sleaze: To slander.
target: To aim something, especially a weapon, at (a target).
target: To aim for as an audience or demographic.
target: To produce code suitable for.
during: present participle and gerund of dure
prison: To imprison.
mirage: To cause to appear as or like a mirage.
fiddle: To play the fiddle or violin, particularly in a folk or country style.
fiddle: To fidget or play; to idly amuse oneself, to act aimlessly, idly, or frivolously, particularly out of nervousness or restlessness.
fiddle: To cheat or swindle; to commit fraud.
fiddle: Synonym of tinker, to make small adjustments or improvements.
fetter: To shackle or bind up with fetters.
fetter: To restrain or impede; to hamper.
flavor: To add flavoring to something.
recede: To move back; to retreat; to withdraw.
recede: To cede back; to grant or yield again to a former possessor.
recede: To take back.
kettle: To contain demonstrators in a confined area.
kettle: Of a boiler: to make a whistling sound like the boiling of a kettle, indicative of various types of fault.
shield: To protect, to defend.
shield: To shelter; to protect oneself.
shield: To protect from the influence of.
behead: To deliberately remove the head of; to cut off (someone's) head.
corset: To enclose in a corset; to wear a corset.
corset: To restrict or confine.
throat: To utter in or with the throat.
throat: To take into the throat. (Compare deepthroat.)
throat: To mow (beans, etc.) in a direction against their bending.
orphan: To deprive of parents (used almost exclusively in the passive)
orphan: To make unavailable, as by removing the last remaining pointer or reference to.
divide: To split or separate (something) into two or more parts.
divide: To share (something) by dividing it.
divide: To cause (a group of people) to disagree.
divide: To calculate the number (the quotient) by which you must multiply one given number (the divisor) to produce a second given number (the dividend).
divide: To be a divisor of.
divide: To separate into two or more parts.
divide: Of a cell, to reproduce by dividing.
divide: To disunite in opinion or interest; to make discordant or hostile; to set at variance.
divide: To break friendship; to fall out.
divide: To have a share; to partake.
divide: To vote, as in the British parliament and other legislatures, by the members separating themselves into two parties (as on opposite sides of the hall or in opposite lobbies), that is, the ayes dividing from the noes.
divide: To mark divisions on; to graduate.
divide: To play or sing in a florid style, or with variations.
octave: Alternative form of octavate
lesion: To wound or injure, especially in an experiment or other controlled procedure.
statue: To form a statue of; to make into a statue.
reward: To give a reward to or for.
reward: To recompense.
reward: To give (something) as a reward.
really: Alternative form of re-ally
record: To make a record of information.
record: To make an audio or video recording of.
record: To give legal status to by making an official public record.
record: To fix in a medium, usually in a tangible medium.
record: To make an audio, video, or multimedia recording.
record: To repeat; to practice.
record: To sing or repeat a tune.
record: To reflect; to ponder.
cyborg: To convert (something) into a cyborg.
desalt: To remove salt from; to desalinate.
stress: To apply force to (a body or structure) causing strain.
stress: To apply emotional pressure to (a person or animal).
stress: To suffer stress; to worry or be agitated.
stress: To emphasise (a syllable of a word).
stress: To emphasise (words in speaking).
stress: To emphasise (a point) in an argument or discussion.
bounty: To offer a monetary reward for the capturing or killing of.
stoned: simple past and past participle of stone
garnet: To shred (twisted wool fiber, rags, etc.) so that it can be reused.
resort: To have recourse (to), now especially from necessity or frustration.
resort: To fall back; to revert.
resort: To make one's way, go (to).
resort: To repeat a sorting process; sort again.
lasing: present participle and gerund of lase
honcho: To lead or manage.
repeat: To do or say again (and again).
repeat: To refill (a prescription).
repeat: To happen again; recur.
repeat: To echo the words of (a person).
repeat: To strike the hours, as a watch does.
repeat: To make trial of again; to undergo or encounter again.
repeat: To repay or refund (an excess received).
repeat: To call in a previous artillery fire mission with the same ammunition and method either on the coordinates or adjusted either because destruction of the target was insufficient or missed.
repeat: To commit fraud in an election by voting more than once for the same candidate.
hacker: To speak with a spasmodic repetition of vocal sounds; to stammer, to stutter; also, to mumble and procrastinate in one's speech; to hem and haw.
cipher: To calculate.
cipher: To write in code or cipher.
cipher: Of an organ pipe: to sound independent of the organ.
cipher: To decipher.
defend: To ward off attacks against; to fight to protect; to guard.
defend: To support by words or writing; to vindicate, talk in favour of.
defend: To make legal defence of; to represent (the accused).
defend: To focus one's energies and talents on preventing opponents from scoring, as opposed to focusing on scoring.
defend: To attempt to retain a title, or attempt to reach the same stage in a competition as one did in the previous edition of that competition.
defend: To call a raise from the big blind.
defend: To ward off, repel (an attack or attacker).
defend: To prevent, to keep (from doing something).
defend: To prohibit, forbid.
polite: To polish; to refine; to render polite.
lavish: To give out extremely generously; to squander.
lavish: To give out to (somebody) extremely generously.
hobnob: To drink together.
hobnob: To associate with in a friendly manner, often with those of a higher class or status; to fraternize.
hobnob: To have or have not; to give or take.
hobnob: To toast one another by touching glasses.
famous: To make famous; to bring renown to.
loathe: To detest, hate, or revile (someone or something).
loathe: To induce or inspire disgust (in a person)
pastor: To serve a congregation as pastor
jibber: Alternative form of gibber
childs: third-person singular simple present indicative of child
Gollum: To act like Gollum, the fictional character.
detest: To dislike (someone or something) intensely; to loathe.
detest: To witness against; to denounce; to condemn.
bonsai: To make into a bonsai by restricting the roots and pruning.
fishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fish
triage: To subject to triage; to prioritize.
cheeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheek
bounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bound
charge: To assign a duty or responsibility to.
charge: To assign (a debit) to an account.
charge: To pay on account, as by using a credit card.
charge: To require payment (of) (a price or fee, for goods, services, etc.).
charge: To sell at a given price.
charge: To formally accuse (a person) of a crime.
charge: To impute or ascribe.
charge: To call to account; to challenge.
charge: To place a burden, load or responsibility on or in.
charge: To ornament with or cause to bear.
charge: To place a burden, load or responsibility on or in.
charge: To assume as a bearing.
charge: To place a burden, load or responsibility on or in.
charge: To add to or represent on.
charge: To place a burden, load or responsibility on or in.
charge: To load equipment with material required for its use, as a firearm with powder, a fire hose with water, a chemical reactor with raw materials.
charge: To cause to take on an electric charge.
charge: To load equipment with material required for its use, as a firearm with powder, a fire hose with water, a chemical reactor with raw materials.
charge: To replenish energy to (a battery, or a device containing a battery) by use of an electrical device plugged into a power outlet.
charge: To load equipment with material required for its use, as a firearm with powder, a fire hose with water, a chemical reactor with raw materials.
charge: To replenish energy.
charge: To load equipment with material required for its use, as a firearm with powder, a fire hose with water, a chemical reactor with raw materials.
charge: To move forward quickly and forcefully, particularly in combat and/or on horseback.
charge: To attack by moving forward quickly in a group.
charge: To move forward quickly and forcefully, particularly in combat and/or on horseback.
charge: To commit a charging foul.
charge: To move forward quickly and forcefully, particularly in combat and/or on horseback.
charge: To take a few steps down the pitch towards the bowler as they deliver the ball, either to disrupt the length of the delivery, or to get into a better position to hit the ball.
charge: To move forward quickly and forcefully, particularly in combat and/or on horseback.
charge: To lie on the belly and be still. (A command given by a hunter to a dog)
helmet: To cover with, or as if with, a helmet.
excuse: To forgive; to pardon.
excuse: To allow to leave, or release from any obligation.
excuse: To provide an excuse for; to explain, with the aim of alleviating guilt or negative judgement.
excuse: To relieve of an imputation by apology or defense; to make apology for as not seriously evil; to ask pardon or indulgence for.
descry: To announce a discovery: to disclose; to reveal.
descry: To see, especially from afar; to discover (a distant or obscure object) by the eye; to espy; to discern or detect.
canker: To affect as a canker; to eat away; to corrode; to consume.
canker: To infect or pollute; to corrupt.
canker: To waste away, grow rusty, or be oxidized, as a mineral.
canker: To be or become diseased, or as if diseased, with canker; to grow corrupt; to become venomous.
fulfil: Britain standard spelling of fulfill.
bovver: Pronunciation spelling of bother.
rebore: To bore through an existing hole, generally to correct its shape, or to enlarge.
rebore: simple past and past participle of rebear, generally used in the context of Christianity.
cannot: Can not (be unable to).
cannot: Be forbidden or not permitted to
nicker: To make a soft neighing sound characteristic of a horse.
nicker: To produce a snigger or suppressed laugh.
nicker: To snatch or steal.
possum: To play possum; to feign sleep, illness, or death.
export: To carry away.
export: To sell (goods) to a foreign country.
export: To cause to spread in another part of the world.
export: To send (data) from one program to another.
export: To put up (a child) for international adoption.
demand: To request forcefully.
demand: To claim a right to something.
demand: To ask forcefully for information.
demand: To require of someone.
demand: To issue a summons to court.
triple: To multiply by three.
triple: To get a three-base hit.
triple: To become three times as large.
triple: To serve or operate as (something), in addition to two other functions.
canopy: To cover with or as if with a canopy.
canopy: To go through the canopy of a forest on a zipline.
assure: To make sure and secure; ensure.
assure: To give (someone) confidence in the trustworthiness of (something).
assure: To guarantee, promise (to do something).
assure: To reassure.
umount: To unmount.
damask: To decorate or weave in damascene patterns
critic: To criticise.
redden: To become red or redder.
redden: To make red or redder.
adsorb: To accumulate on a surface, by adsorption
bedims: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedim
wright: Misspelling of write.
bruits: third-person singular simple present indicative of bruit
invert: To turn (something) upside down or inside out; to place in a contrary order or direction.
invert: To move (the root note of a chord) up or down an octave, resulting in a change in pitch.
invert: To undergo inversion, as sugar.
invert: To divert; to convert to a wrong use.
invert: To turn (the foot) inwards.
bulled: simple past and past participle of bull
cavils: third-person singular simple present indicative of cavil
carney: Alternative form of carny
carboy: To bottle in a carboy.
addend: To furnish with an addendum.
addend: To furnish with an addend.
biopsy: To take a sample (a biopsy) for pathological examination.
coning: present participle and gerund of cone
orgasm: To have an orgasm.
aspect: To have a particular aspect or type of aspect.
aspect: To channel a divine being.
aspect: To look at.
coxing: present participle and gerund of cox
cozens: third-person singular simple present indicative of cozen
craped: simple past and past participle of crape To form into ringlets; to curl; to crimp.
coying: present participle and gerund of coy
berate: to chide or scold vehemently
bisect: To cut or divide into two parts.
bisect: To divide an angle, line segment, or other figure into two equal parts.
bisect: To cut or divide into two parts.
bisect: To perform a binary search on files in source control in order to identify the specific change that introduced a bug etc.
bisect: To cut or divide into two parts.
bobble: To bob up and down.
bobble: To make a mistake in.
bobble: To roll slowly.
bobble: To mishandle a ball.
bumble: To act in an inept, clumsy or inexpert manner; to make mistakes.
bumble: To boom, as a Eurasian bittern.
bumble: To buzz, as a fly.
aviate: To operate an aircraft.
cowled: simple past and past participle of cowl
copter: To helicopter: to transport by helicopter.
copter: To helicopter: to travel by helicopter.
copter: To move like a helicopter.
lather: To cover with lather.
lather: To beat or whip.
lather: To form lather or froth, as a horse does when profusely sweating.
crewel: To make (embroidery) using the crewel method.
cosher: To levy certain exactions or tribute upon; to lodge and eat at the expense of.
cosher: To treat with fondness; to excessively dote on.
cosher: To chat in a friendly way.
darkle: To be dark; to be visible only darkly.
darkle: To become dark; to show indistinctly.
derate: To lower the rated capability of any rated equipment or material.
affine: To refine.
cahoot: To act in partnership.
codify: To reduce to a code, to arrange into a code.
codify: To collect and arrange in a systematic form.
beggar: To make a beggar of someone; impoverish.
beggar: To exhaust the resources of; to outdo or go beyond.
camber: To curve upwards in the middle.
camber: To adjust the camber of the wheels of a vehicle.
coward: To intimidate.
hazard: To expose to chance; to take a risk.
hazard: To risk (something); to venture, incur, or bring on.
eluate: To subject or be subjected to elution
denude: To divest of all covering; to make bare or naked; to strip.
embank: to put up a bank so as to confine or to defend
embank: to protect by a bank of earth or stone
detent: The action of creating a detent mechanism to lock or unlock movement.
anneal: To subject to great heat and then (often slow) cooling, and sometimes reheating and further cooling, for the purpose of rendering less brittle; to temper; to toughen.
anneal: To cool glass slowly, to minimize internal stress.
anneal: To burn colors onto a glass or other surface.
anneal: 1793, John Dryden, “XII. On the Monument of a Fair Maiden Lady, who Died at Bath, and is there Interred”, in The Poetical Works of John Dryden, Esq. … To which is Prefixed the Life of the Author (A Complete Edition of the Poets of Great Britain; VI (London: Printed for Iohn and Arthur Arch, 23 Gracechurch Street; and for Bell & Bradfute and I. Mundell & Co. Edinburgh)), Edinburgh: Printed by Mundell and Son, Royal Bank Close, →OCLC, page 164
anneal: Such were the features of her heavenly Face, / Her limbs were form'd with ſuch harmonious grace: / So faultleſs was the frame, as if the whole / Had been an emanation of the ſoul; / Which her own inward ſymmetry reveal'd; / And like a picture ſhone, in glaſs anneal'd.
anneal: To make a double-stranded nucleic acid by pairing a single strand with a complementary strand.
anneal: To strengthen or harden.
careen: To heave a ship down on one side so as to expose the other, in order to clean it of barnacles and weed, or to repair it below the water line.
careen: To tilt on one side.
careen: To lurch or sway violently from side to side.
careen: To tilt or lean while in motion.
careen: To career, to move rapidly straight ahead, to rush carelessly.
careen: To move swiftly and in an uncontrolled way.
fletch: To feather, as an arrow.
fledge: To care for a young bird until it is capable of flight.
fledge: To grow, cover or be covered with feathers.
fledge: To decorate with feathers.
fledge: To complete the last moult and become a winged adult insect.
fibrin: To apply fibrin sealant to a surgical site to either stop bleeding or for surgical flap closure.
escrow: To place in escrow.
attach: To fasten, to join to (literally and figuratively).
attach: To adhere; to be attached.
attach: To come into legal operation in connection with anything; to vest.
attach: To win the heart of; to connect by ties of love or self-interest; to attract; to fasten or bind by moral influence; with to.
attach: To connect, in a figurative sense; to ascribe or attribute; to affix; with to.
attach: To take, seize, or lay hold of.
attach: To arrest, seize.
eyelet: To make eyelets in.
fescue: To use a fescue, or teach with a fescue.
gasify: To convert into gas, or an aeriform fluid, as by the application of heat, or by chemical processes.
decant: To pour off (a liquid) gently, so as not to disturb the sediment.
decant: To pour from one vessel into another.
decant: To flow.
decant: To remove (a clone or other artificially-gestated baby) from its chamber, vat, or artificial womb.
decant: To rehouse people while their buildings are being refurbished or rebuilt.
hansel: Alternative form of handsel
happed: simple past and past participle of hap
gannet: To wolf down, gobble or eat (something) voraciously.
hulled: simple past and past participle of hull
hopple: To impede by a hopple; to tie the feet of (a horse or a cow) loosely together; to hobble.
hopple: To entangle; to hamper.
inters: third-person singular simple present indicative of inter
hilted: simple past and past participle of hilt
gimbal: To suspend using a gimbal or gimbals.
gimbal: To move a reaction engine about on a gimbal so as to obtain pitching and yawing correction moments.
gimbal: To swivel, move on an axis.
illume: To throw or spread light upon; to make light or bright.
exhume: To dig out of the ground; to take out of a place of burial; to disinter.
exhume: To uncover; to bring to light.
imping: present participle and gerund of imp
intone: To give tone or variety of tone to; to vocalize.
intone: To utter with a musical or prolonged note or tone; to speak or recite with singing voice; to chant.
intone: To utter a tone; utter a protracted sound.
garble: To pick out such parts (of a text) as may serve a purpose; to mutilate; to pervert.
garble: To make false by mutilation or addition. [from c.]
garble: To make false by mutilation or addition.
garble: To sift or bolt, to separate the fine or valuable parts of from the coarse and useless parts, or from dross or dirt. [– c.]
garble: To sift or bolt, to separate the fine or valuable parts of from the coarse and useless parts, or from dross or dirt.
kerned: simple past and past participle of kern
ideate: To apprehend in thought so as to fix and hold in the mind; to memorize.
ideate: To generate an idea.
iodate: To treat with iodine.
starve: To die because of lack of food or of not eating.
starve: To be very hungry.
starve: To destroy, make capitulate or at least make suffer by deprivation, notably of food.
starve: To deprive of nourishment or of some vital component.
starve: To deteriorate for want of any essential thing.
starve: To kill with cold; to (cause to) die from cold.
starve: To die; in later use especially to die slowly, waste away.
return: To come or go back (to a place or person).
return: To go back in thought, narration, or argument.
return: To recur; to come again.
return: To turn back, retreat.
return: To turn (something) round.
return: To place or put back something where it had been.
return: To give something back to its original holder or owner.
return: To give in requital or recompense; to requite.
return: To reciprocate (a visit or telephone call).
return: To take back something to a vendor for a complete or partial refund.
return: To bat the ball back over the net in response to a serve.
return: To play a card as a result of another player's lead.
return: To throw a ball back to the wicket-keeper (or a fielder at that position) from somewhere in the field.
return: To say in reply; to respond.
return: To relinquish control to the calling procedure.
return: To pass (data) back to the calling procedure.
return: To retort; to throw back.
return: To report, or bring back and make known.
return: To elect according to the official report of the election officers.
return: To give a thrust or cut after parrying a sword-thrust.
imbrue: To stain (in, with, blood, slaughter, etc.).
laired: simple past and past participle of lair; mired.
hackle: To dress (flax or hemp) with a hackle; to prepare fibres of flax or hemp for spinning.
hackle: To separate, as the coarse part of flax or hemp from the fine, by drawing it through the teeth of a hackle or hatchel.
hackle: To tear asunder; to break into pieces.
gaiter: To dress with gaiters.
joggle: To shake slightly; to push suddenly but slightly, so as to cause to shake or totter; to jostle; to jog.
joggle: To shake or totter; to slip out of place.
joggle: To join by means of joggles, so as to prevent sliding apart; sometimes, loosely, to dowel.
joggle: To jog or run while juggling.
induct: To bring in as a member; to make a part of.
induct: To formally or ceremoniously install in an office, position, etc.
induct: To introduce into (particularly if certain knowledge or experience is required, such as ritual adulthood or cults).
induct: To draft into military service.
induct: To introduce; to bring in.
flange: To be bent into a flange.
flange: To make a flange on; to furnish with a flange; to bend (esp. sheet metal) in the form of a flange.
flange: To mix two copies of together, one delayed by a very short, slowly varying time.
incise: To cut in or into with a sharp instrument; to carve; to engrave.
wizard: To practice wizardry.
wizard: To conjure.
inflow: To flow in.
gambit: To sacrifice (a pawn or minor piece) to gain an advantage.
hunker: To crouch or squat close to the ground or lie down
hunker: To apply oneself to a task
ingest: To take (a substance, e.g., food) into the body of an organism, especially through the mouth and into the gastrointestinal tract.
ingest: To cause (an undesired object or fluid) to enter the engine, generally via the intake.
ingest: To bring or import into a system.
jounce: To jolt; to shake, especially by rough riding or by driving over obstructions.
lawing: present participle and gerund of law
lawing: present participle and gerund of lawe
irised: simple past and past participle of iris
impale: To pierce (something) with any long, pointed object.
impale: To place two coats of arms side by side on the same shield (often those of two spouses upon marriage).
impale: To pierce with a pale; to put to death by fixing on a sharp stake.
impale: To enclose or fence with stakes.
dibble: To make holes or plant seeds using, or as if using, a dibble.
dibble: To use a dibble; to make holes in the soil.
dibble: To dib or dip frequently, as in angling.
lopper: To turn sour and coagulate from too long standing, as milk.
malted: simple past and past participle of malt
leaved: simple past and past participle of leave (in the sense "to produce leaves or foliage")
leaved: Obsolete form of left.
clique: To associate together in a clannish way; to act with others secretly to gain a desired end; to plot.
inhere: To be inherent; to be an essential or intrinsic part of; to be fixed or permanently incorporated with something.
lumper: to lumber; to plod
marcel: To wave (hair) by the marcel method.
marcel: To wave.
lessee: Pronunciation spelling of let's see.
kibitz: To make small talk or idle chatter.
kibitz: To give unsolicited or unwanted advice or make unhelpful or idle comments, especially to someone playing a game.
kibitz: To watch a card or board game.
gyrate: To revolve round a central point; to move spirally about an axis, as a tornado.
lappet: To decorate with, or as if with, lappets.
mudded: simple past and past participle of mud
mottle: To mark with blotches of different color, or shades of color, as if stained; to spot; to maculate.
nutate: To rock or sway involuntarily.
nutate: To wobble; to make a circular rocking motion.
nulled: simple past and past participle of null
niggle: To trifle with; to deceive; to mock.
niggle: To use, spend, or do in a petty or trifling manner.
niggle: To dwell too much on minor points or on trifling details.
niggle: To fidget, fiddle, be restless.
oblate: To offer as either a gift or an oblation.
podded: simple past and past participle of pod
geyser: To (cause to) rush or burst upward like water from a geyser.
notate: To mark with spots or lines, which are often colored.
notate: To add notes to; to annotate
notate: To create notation (e.g. music or mathematics); to record/put down in the form of notation
poling: present participle and gerund of pole
intuit: To know intuitively or by immediate perception.
negate: To deny the existence, evidence, or truth of; to contradict.
negate: To nullify or cause to be ineffective.
negate: To be negative; bring or cause negative results.
negate: To perform the NOT operation on.
pupate: To become a pupa.
reeved: simple past and past participle of reeve
pelter: To pelt.
reeded: simple past and past participle of reed
ouster: To oust.
jigger: To alter or adjust, particularly in ways not originally intended.
jigger: To use a jigger.
jigger: To move, send, or drive with a jerk; to jerk; also, to drive or send over with a jerk, as a golf ball.
jigger: To imprison.
jigger: To confound; to damn.
rabbet: To cut a rabbet in a piece of material.
klaxon: To produce a loud, siren-like wail.
pilfer: To steal in small quantities, or articles of small value; to practise petty theft.
slewed: simple past and past participle of slew
ossify: To transform (or cause to transform) from a softer animal substance into bone; particularly the processes of growth in humans and animals.
ossify: To become (or cause to become) inflexible and rigid in habits or opinions.
ossify: To grow (or cause to grow) formulaic and permanent.
ossify: To calcify.
riffle: To flow over a swift, shallow part of a stream.
riffle: To ruffle with a rippling action.
riffle: To skim or flick through the pages of a book.
riffle: To leaf through rapidly.
riffle: To shuffle playing cards by separating the deck in two and sliding the thumbs along the edges of the cards to mix the two parts.
riffle: To idly manipulate objects with the fingers.
riffle: To prepare samples of material using a riffler.
precis: Alternative form of précis
ramify: To divide into branches or subdivisions.
ramify: To spread or diversify into multiple fields or categories.
souled: simple past and past participle of soul
stoled: simple past and past participle of steal
surtax: To impose a surtax upon.
raster: To scan in parallel lines.
silage: To ensile.
steeve: To project upward, or make an angle with the horizon or with the line of a vessel's keel; said of the bowsprit, etc.
steeve: To stow, as bales in a vessel's hold, by means of a steeve.
pomade: To apply pomade to style hair.
pomade: Synonym of anoint, to apply ointment.
rarefy: To make rare, thin, porous, or less dense.
rarefy: To become rare, thin or less dense.
hurtle: To propel or throw (something) hard or violently; to fling, to hurl.
hurtle: To cause (someone or something) to collide with or hit another person or thing; or (two people or things) to collide with or hit each other.
hurtle: To attack or criticize (someone) verbally or in writing.
hurtle: To move rapidly, violently, or without control, especially in a noisy manner.
hurtle: Of a person or thing: to collide with or hit another person or thing, especially with force or violence; also, of two people or things: to collide together; to clash.
hurtle: To make a sound of things clashing or colliding together; to clatter, to rattle; hence, to move with such a sound.
hurtle: Of two people, etc.: to meet in a shocking or violent encounter; to clash; to jostle.
purvey: To prepare in advance (for or to do something); to plan, make provision.
purvey: To furnish or provide.
purvey: To procure; to get.
redact: To censor, to black out or remove parts of a document while leaving the remainder.
redact: To black out legally protected sections of text in a document provided to opposing counsel, typically as part of the discovery process.
redact: To reduce to form, as literary matter; to digest and put in shape (matter for publication); to edit.
redact: To draw up or frame a decree, statement, etc.
redact: To bring together in one unit; to combine or bring together into one.
redact: To gather or organize works or ideas into a unified whole; to collect, order, or write in a written document or to put into a particular written form.
redact: To insert or assimilate into a written system or scheme.
redact: To bring an area of study within the comprehension capacity of a person.
redact: To reduce to a particular condition or state, especially one that is undesirable.
redact: To reduce something physical to a certain form, especially by destruction.
mullah: Alternative form of muller (“to beat, thrash”)
tedder: Alternative form of tether
sinter: To heat a compacted powder mass to form a hardened mass.
rather: To prefer; to prefer to.
rankle: To cause irritation or deep bitterness.
rankle: To fester.
tusked: simple past and past participle of tusk
tousle: To put into disorder; to tumble; to touse; to muss.
uprise: To rise; to get up.
uprise: To have an upward direction or inclination.
uprise: To rebel or revolt; to take part in an uprising.
taring: present participle and gerund of tare
teethe: To grow teeth.
teethe: To bite on something to relieve discomfort caused by growing teeth.
teasel: To raise the nap on cloth; to tease; to card.
typify: To embody, exemplify; to represent by a form, image, model, or resemblance.
typify: To portray stereotypically.
typify: To serve as a typical or reference specimen of.
witing: present participle and gerund of wite
tweeze: To pluck or grasp using tweezers.
tweeze: To shape by plucking out hairs with tweezers.
tweeze: To pluck out hairs using tweezers.
sparge: To sprinkle or spray.
sparge: To introduce bubbles into (a liquid).
spline: To smooth (a curve or surface) by means of a spline.
spline: To fit with a spline.
spline: To fasten to or together with a spline.
recuse: To reject or repudiate (an authority, a person, a court judgment, etc.).
recuse: Of a judge, juror, or prosecutor: to declare (oneself) unable to participate in a court case due to an actual or potential conflict of interest or lack of impartiality.
recuse: To reject or repudiate (an authority, a person, a court judgment, etc.).
recuse: To object to (a judge, juror, or prosecutor) participating in a court case due to an actual or potential conflict of interest or lack of impartiality.
recuse: To reject or repudiate (an authority, a person, a court judgment, etc.).
recuse: To refuse (to do something).
recuse: To dismiss (an appeal).
recuse: Of a judge, juror, or prosecutor: to declare oneself disqualified from trying a court case due to an actual or potential conflict of interest or lack of impartiality.
sheave: To gather and bind into a sheaf.
vamper: To swagger; to make an ostentatious show.
moider: to toil
moider: to muddle
moider: to pester
moider: to perplex or bewilder
moider: murder
stooge: To act as a straight man.
slurry: To make a slurry (of some material).
slurry: To apply a slurry (to).
tenter: To stretch cloth on such a framework.
tenter: To admit extension; to be stretchable.
spigot: To block with a spigot.
spigot: To insert (a spigot).
winkle: Synonym of winkle out (“to acquire or extract with difficulty”)
master: To be a master.
master: To become the master of; to subject to one's will, control, or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.
master: To learn to a high degree of proficiency.
master: To own; to possess.
master: To make a master copy of.
master: To earn a Master's degree.
stymie: To thwart or stump; to cause to fail or to leave hopelessly puzzled, confused, or stuck.
stymie: To bring into the position of, or impede by, a stymie.
wester: To move towards the west
shower: To spray with (a specified liquid).
shower: To bathe using a shower.
shower: To bestow liberally, to give or distribute in abundance.
shower: To rain in a shower; to cascade down.
mix up: To mix or blend thoroughly and completely.
mix up: To combine thoroughly.
mix up: To prepare something from ingredients that are mixed.
mix up: To confuse or reverse.
mix up: To become involved with, especially socially or romantically.
mix up: To shuffle.
solute: To dissolve.
solute: To solve; to expose the errors of; to explain
solute: Alternative form of salute
yammer: To complain peevishly.
yammer: To talk loudly and persistently.
yammer: To repeat on and on, usually loudly or in complaint.
yammer: To make an outcry; to clamor.
drudge: To labour in (or as in) a low servile job.
higher: To make higher; to raise or increase in amount or quantity.
higher: To ascend.
shalom: To greet somebody with "shalom".
devoid: To empty out; to remove.
waiver: To waive (to relinquish, to forego).
waiver: Misspelling of waver.
hutted: simple past and past participle of hut
wangle: To obtain through deceitful or manipulative methods.
wangle: To falsify, as records.
wangle: To achieve through contrivance or cajolery.
befoul: To make foul; to soil; to contaminate, pollute.
befoul: To defecate on, to soil with excrement.
befoul: To stain or mar (for example with infamy or disgrace).
befoul: To entangle or run against so as to impede motion.
bedeck: To deck, ornament, or adorn; to grace.
swatch: To create a swatch, especially a sample of knitted fabric.
winnow: To subject (granular material, especially food grain) to a current of air separating heavier and lighter components, as grain from chaff.
winnow: To separate, sift, analyse, or test by separating items having different values.
winnow: To blow upon or toss about by blowing; to set in motion as with a fan or wings.
winnow: To move about with a flapping motion, as of wings; to flutter.
tensor: To compute the tensor product of two tensors.
blanch: To grow or become white.
blanch: To take the color out of, and make white; to bleach.
blanch: To cook by dipping briefly into boiling water, then directly into cold water.
blanch: To whiten, for example the surface of meat, by plunging into boiling water and afterwards into cold, so as to harden the surface and retain the juices
blanch: To bleach by excluding the light, for example the stalks or leaves of plants, by earthing them up or tying them together
blanch: To make white by removing the skin of, for example by scalding
blanch: To give a white lustre to (silver, before stamping, in the process of coining)
blanch: To cover (sheet iron) with a coating of tin.
blanch: To give a favorable appearance to; to whitewash; to whiten;
blanch: To avoid, as from fear; to evade; to leave unnoticed.
blanch: To cause to turn aside or back.
blanch: To use evasion.
précis: to write a précis of a work; to summarise, abridge
breech: To dress in breeches. (especially) To dress a boy in breeches or trousers for the first time (the breeching ceremony).
breech: To beat or spank on the buttocks.
breech: To fit or furnish with a breech.
breech: To fasten with breeching.
breech: To cover as if with breeches.
cranny: To break into, or become full of, crannies.
cranny: To haunt or enter by crannies.
braise: To cook in a small amount of liquid, in a covered pan, somewhere between steaming and boiling.
braise: Alternative spelling of braze (joining non-ferrous metal using a molten filler metal)
beacon: To act as a beacon.
beacon: To give light to, as a beacon; to light up; to illumine.
beacon: To furnish with a beacon or beacons.
assert: To declare with assurance or plainly and strongly; to state positively.
assert: To use or exercise and thereby prove the existence of.
assert: To maintain or defend, as a cause or a claim, by words or measures; to vindicate a claim or title to.
assert: To insist on the legitimacy of one's rights, opinion, etc; not to allow oneself to be dismissed; to ensure that one is taken into consideration; to make oneself respected; to be assertive.
assert: To declare that a condition or expression must be true at a certain point in the source code (in some cases causing the program to fail if it is not, as a safeguard).
assert: To set a signal on a line using a voltage or electric current.
defuse: To remove the fuse from (a bomb, etc.).
defuse: To make less dangerous, tense, or hostile.
defuse: To disorder; to make shapeless.
defray: To pay or discharge (a debt, expense etc.); to meet (the cost of something).
defray: To pay for (something).
defray: To spend (money).
disbar: To expel from the bar, or the legal profession; to deprive (an attorney, barrister, or counselor) of his or her status and privileges as such.
disbar: To exclude (a person) from something.
muddle: To mix together, to mix up; to confuse.
muddle: To mash slightly for use in a cocktail.
muddle: To dabble in mud.
muddle: To make turbid or muddy.
muddle: To think and act in a confused, aimless way.
muddle: To cloud or stupefy; to render stupid with liquor; to intoxicate partially.
muddle: To waste or misuse, as one does who is stupid or intoxicated.
quahog: To dig for quahogs.
comply: To yield assent; to accord; to acquiesce, agree, consent; to adapt oneself, to conform.
comply: To accomplish, to fulfil.
comply: To be ceremoniously courteous; to make one's compliments.
comply: To enfold; to embrace.
effort: To make an effort.
effort: To strengthen, fortify or stimulate
combat: To fight; to struggle against.
combat: To fight (with); to struggle for victory (against).
demean: To debase; to lower; to degrade.
demean: To humble, humble oneself; to humiliate.
demean: To mortify.
demean: To manage; to conduct; to treat.
demean: To conduct; to behave; to comport; followed by the reflexive pronoun.
demean: To subtract the mean from (a value, or every observation in a data set).
crouch: To bend down; to stoop low; to stand close to the ground with legs bent, like an animal when waiting for prey, or someone in fear.
crouch: To bend servilely; to bow in reverence or humility.
crouch: To sign with the cross; bless.
deepen: To make deep or deeper
deepen: To make darker or more intense; to darken
deepen: To make more poignant or affecting; to increase in degree
deepen: To make lower in tone
deepen: To make more thorough or extensive.
deepen: To make more intimate.
deepen: To make more sound or heavy.
deepen: To become deeper
deepen: To become darker or more intense
deepen: To become lower in tone
deepen: To become more thorough or extensive.
deepen: To become more intimate.
deepen: To become more sound or heavy.
encase: To enclose, as in a case.
clamor: To cry out and/or demand.
clamor: To demand by outcry.
clamor: To become noisy insistently.
clamor: To influence by outcry.
clamor: To silence.
dispel: To drive away or cause to vanish by scattering.
dispel: To remove (fears, doubts, objections etc.) by proving them unjustified.
breach: To make a breach in.
breach: To violate or break.
breach: To break into a ship or into a coastal defence.
breach: To leap out of the water.
breach: To charge or convict (someone) of breaching the terms of a bail, probation, recognizance, etc.
confer: To grant as a possession; to bestow.
confer: To talk together, to consult, discuss; to deliberate.
confer: To compare.
confer: To bring together; to collect, gather.
confer: To contribute; to conduce.
ensure: To make a pledge to (someone); to promise, guarantee (someone of something); to assure.
ensure: To make sure or certain of something (usually some future event or condition).
strait: To confine; put to difficulties.
strait: To tighten.
depend: To be contingent or conditioned; to have something as a necessary condition; to hinge on.
depend: To trust; to have confidence; to rely.
depend: To hang down; to be sustained by being fastened or attached to something above.
depend: To be pending; to be undetermined or undecided.
depend: To cause to be contingent or dependent on; to set as a necessity.
demise: To give.
demise: To convey, as by will or lease.
demise: To transmit by inheritance.
demise: To pass by inheritance.
demise: To die.
enlace: To bind or encircle with lace, or as with lace
enlace: To entangle.
disarm: To deprive of weapons; to deprive of the means of attack or defense; to render defenseless.
disarm: To deprive of the means or the disposition to harm; to render harmless or innocuous.
disarm: To lay down arms; to stand down.
disarm: To reduce one's own military forces.
disarm: To disable the security systems on.
divest: To strip, deprive, or dispossess (someone) of something (such as a right, passion, privilege, or prejudice).
divest: To sell off or be rid of through sale, especially of a subsidiary.
divest: To undress.
dismay: To cause to feel apprehension; great sadness, or fear; to deprive of energy
dismay: To render lifeless; to subdue; to disquiet.
dismay: To take dismay or fright; to be filled with dismay.
betray: To deliver into the hands of an enemy by treachery or fraud, in violation of trust; to give up treacherously or faithlessly.
betray: To prove faithless or treacherous to, as to a trust or one who trusts; to be false to; to deceive.
betray: To violate the confidence of, by disclosing a secret, or that which one is bound in honor not to make known.
betray: To disclose (a secret, etc.) in deliberate violation of someone’s confidence.
betray: To disclose or indicate, for example something which prudence would conceal; to reveal unintentionally.
betray: To mislead; to expose to inconvenience not foreseen; to lead into error or sin.
betray: To lead astray; to seduce (as under promise of marriage) and then abandon.
enrage: To become angry or wild. [– c.]
enrage: To become angry or wild.
enrage: To fill with rage; to provoke to frenzy; to make furious.
enrage: To provoke to madness, to make insane.
crease: To make a crease in; to wrinkle.
crease: To undergo creasing; to form wrinkles.
crease: To lightly bloody; to graze.
crease: To laugh.
crease: Archaic form of kris.
dredge: To make a channel deeper or wider using a dredge.
dredge: To bring something to the surface with a dredge.
dredge: To unearth.
dredge: To sprinkle (food) with spices or seasonings, using a dredge.
foment: To incite or cause troublesome acts; to encourage; to instigate.
foment: To apply a poultice to; to bathe with a cloth or sponge.
frieze: To make a nap on (cloth); to friz.
frieze: To put a frieze on.
inbred: simple past and past participle of inbreed
hearse: To enclose in a hearse; to entomb.
infest: To inhabit a place in unpleasantly large numbers; to plague, harass.
infest: To invade a host plant or animal.
corona: To surround with a luminous or crownlike ring like the solar corona.
hector: To dominate or intimidate in a blustering way; to bully, to domineer.
hector: To behave like a hector or bully; to bluster, to swagger; to bully.
crater: To form craters in a surface.
crater: To collapse catastrophically; to become devastated or completely destroyed.
crater: To crash or fall.
indent: To notch; to jag; to cut into points like a row of teeth
indent: To be cut, notched, or dented.
indent: To dent; to stamp or to press in; to impress
indent: To cut the two halves of a document in duplicate, using a jagged or wavy line so that each party could demonstrate that their copy was part of the original whole.
indent: To enter into a binding agreement by means of such documents; to formally commit (to doing something); to contract.
indent: To engage (someone), originally by means of indented contracts.
indent: To begin (a line or lines) at a greater or lesser distance from the margin. See indentation, and indention. Normal indent pushes in a line or paragraph. "Hanging indent" pulls the line out into the margin.
indent: To crook or turn; to wind in and out; to zigzag.
indent: To make an order upon; to draw upon, as for military stores.
fright: To frighten.
'scuse: Excuse.
girdle: To gird, encircle, or constrain by such means.
girdle: To kill or stunt a tree by removing or inverting a ring of bark.
douche: To administer a douche to; to shower; to douse
douche: To use a douche.
immune: To make immune.
digest: To distribute or arrange methodically; to work over and classify; to reduce to portions for ready use or application.
digest: To separate (the food) in its passage through the alimentary canal into the nutritive and nonnutritive elements; to prepare, by the action of the digestive juices, for conversion into blood; to convert into chyme.
digest: To think over and arrange methodically in the mind; to reduce to a plan or method; to receive in the mind and consider carefully; to get an understanding of; to comprehend.
digest: To bear comfortably or patiently; to be reconciled to; to brook.
digest: To expose to a gentle heat in a boiler or matrass, as a preparation for chemical operations.
digest: To undergo digestion.
digest: To suppurate; to generate pus, as an ulcer.
digest: To cause to suppurate, or generate pus, as an ulcer or wound.
digest: To ripen; to mature.
digest: To quieten or reduce (a negative feeling, such as anger or grief)
intake: To take in or draw in; to bring in from outside.
impart: To give or bestow (e.g. a quality or property).
impart: To give a part or to share.
impart: To make known; to show (by speech, writing etc.).
impart: To hold a conference or consultation.
impart: To obtain a share of; to partake of.
cradle: To contain in or as if in a cradle.
cradle: To rock (a baby to sleep).
cradle: To wrap protectively, to hold gently and protectively.
cradle: To lull or quieten, as if by rocking.
cradle: To nurse or train in infancy.
cradle: To rock the lacrosse stick back and forth in order to keep the ball in the head by means of centrifugal force.
cradle: To cut and lay (grain) with a cradle.
cradle: To transport a vessel by means of a cradle.
cradle: To put ribs across the back of (a picture), to prevent the panels from warping.
innate: To cause to exist; to call into being.
marvel: To wonder at.
marvel: To cause to wonder or be surprised.
marvel: To become filled with wonderment or admiration; to be amazed at something.
banner: To adorn with a banner.
banner: To display as a banner headline.
jabber: To talk rapidly, indistinctly, or unintelligibly; to utter gibberish or nonsense.
jabber: To utter rapidly or indistinctly; to gabble.
intend: To fix the mind upon (something, or something to be accomplished); be intent upon
intend: To fix the mind on; attend to; take care of; superintend; regard.
intend: To stretch to extend; distend.
intend: To strain; make tense.
intend: To intensify; strengthen.
intend: To apply with energy.
intend: To bend or turn; direct, as one’s course or journey.
intend: To design mechanically or artistically; fashion; mold.
intend: To pretend; counterfeit; simulate.
minuet: To dance a minuet.
arrest: To stop the motion of (a person, animal, or body part).
arrest: To stay, remain.
arrest: To stop or slow (a process, course etc.).
arrest: To seize (someone) with the authority of the law; to take into legal custody.
arrest: To catch the attention of.
arrest: To undergo cardiac arrest.
piquet: Archaic form of picket.
fellow: To address (someone) as "fellow", especially in an insulting manner (see noun sense 10.6).
fellow: To equal (someone or something); also, to cause or find someone or something to be equal to (some other person or thing).
fellow: To pair or suit (someone or something) with some other person or thing; also, to pair or suit someone or something with (some other person or thing); to arrange (things) in pairs.
fellow: Followed by to or with: to associate or join (oneself, someone, or something) with some other person or thing in companionship or a partnership.
fellow: Followed by to or with: to cause or portray (someone or something) to be equal to some other person or thing.
fellow: To associate or go together with (someone or something); to become a partner of (someone or something).
fellow: Followed by with: to associate or join with a person or thing in companionship or a partnership.
except: To exclude; to specify as being an exception.
except: To take exception, to object (to or against).
retell: To tell again, often differently, what one has read or heard; to paraphrase.
recant: To withdraw or repudiate a statement or opinion formerly expressed, especially formally and publicly.
recant: To give a new cant (slant, angle) to something, in particular railway track on a curve.
scrimp: To make too small or short.
scrimp: To limit or straiten; to put on short allowance.
scrimp: To be frugal.
muster: To show, exhibit.
muster: To be gathered together for parade, inspection, exercise, or the like (especially of a military force); to come together as parts of a force or body.
muster: To collect, call or assemble together, such as troops or a group for inspection, orders, display etc.
muster: To enroll (into service).
muster: To gather or round up livestock.
plunge: To thrust into liquid, or into any penetrable substance; to immerse.
plunge: To cast, stab or throw into some thing, state, condition or action.
plunge: To baptize by immersion.
plunge: To dive, leap or rush (into water or some liquid); to submerge oneself.
plunge: To fall or rush headlong into some thing, action, state or condition.
plunge: To pitch or throw oneself headlong or violently forward, as a horse does.
plunge: To bet heavily and recklessly; to risk large sums in gambling.
plunge: To entangle or embarrass (mostly used in past participle).
plunge: To overwhelm, overpower.
plunge: To remove a blockage by suction.
injury: To wrong, to injure.
rename: To give a new name to.
shrive: To hear or receive a confession (of sins etc.).
shrive: To free from guilt, to absolve.
shrive: To prescribe penance or absolution.
shrive: To confess, and receive absolution.
resent: To feel resentment over; to consider as an affront.
resent: To express displeasure or indignation at.
resent: To be sensible of; to feel.
resent: In a positive sense, to take well; to receive with satisfaction.
resent: To recognize; to perceive, especially as if by smelling; -- associated in meaning with sent, the older spelling of scent, to smell. See resent (intransitive verb).
resent: To give forth an odor; to smell; to savor.
resent: simple past and past participle of resend
sleigh: To ride or drive a sleigh.
refine: To purify; reduce to a fine, unmixed, or pure state; to free from impurities.
refine: To become pure; to be cleared of impure matter.
refine: To purify of coarseness, vulgarity, inelegance, etc.; to polish.
refine: To improve in accuracy, delicacy, or excellence.
refine: To make nice or subtle.
gather: To collect; normally separate things.
gather: Especially, to harvest food.
gather: To collect; normally separate things.
gather: To accumulate over time, to amass little by little.
gather: To collect; normally separate things.
gather: To congregate, or assemble.
gather: To collect; normally separate things.
gather: To grow gradually larger by accretion.
gather: To collect; normally separate things.
gather: To bring parts of a whole closer.
gather: To add pleats or folds to a piece of cloth, normally to reduce its width.
gather: To bring parts of a whole closer.
gather: To bring stitches closer together.
gather: To bring parts of a whole closer.
gather: To bring together, or nearer together, in masonry, as for example where the width of a fireplace is rapidly diminished to the width of the flue.
gather: To bring parts of a whole closer.
gather: To haul in; to take up.
gather: To bring parts of a whole closer.
gather: To infer or conclude; to know from a different source.
gather: To be filled with pus
gather: To collect molten glass on the end of a tool.
gather: To gain; to win.
mellow: To cause (fruit) to become soft or tender, specifically by ripening.
mellow: To cause (food or drink, for example, cheese or wine, or its flavour) to become matured and smooth, and not acidic, harsh, or sharp.
mellow: To soften (land or soil) and make it suitable for planting in.
mellow: To reduce or remove the harshness or roughness from (something); to soften, to subdue, to tone down.
mellow: To cause (a person) to become calmer, gentler, and more understanding, particularly from age or experience.
mellow: To cause (a person) to become slightly or pleasantly drunk or intoxicated.
mellow: Followed by out: to relax (a person); in particular, to cause (a person) to become pleasantly high or stoned by taking drugs.
mellow: To mature and lose its harshness or sharpness.
mellow: To be rendered soft and suitable for planting in.
mellow: To lose harshness; to become gentler, subdued, or toned down.
mellow: To relax; in particular, to become pleasantly high or stoned by taking drugs.
offend: To hurt the feelings of; to displease; to make angry; to insult.
offend: To feel or become offended; to take insult.
offend: To physically harm, pain.
offend: To annoy, cause discomfort or resent.
offend: To sin, transgress divine law or moral rules.
offend: To transgress or violate a law or moral requirement.
offend: To cause to stumble; to cause to sin or to fall.
remind: To cause one to experience a memory (of someone or something); to bring to the notice or consideration (of a person).
relent: To give in or be swayed; to become less hard, harsh, or cruel; to show clemency.
relent: To slacken; to abate.
relent: To lessen, make less severe or intense.
relent: To become less rigid or hard; to soften; to yield, for example by dissolving or melting
plight: To expose to risk; to pledge.
plight: Specifically, to pledge (one's troth etc.) as part of a marriage ceremony.
plight: To promise (oneself) to someone, or to do something.
plight: To weave; to braid; to fold; to plait.
sliver: To cut or divide into long, thin pieces, or into very small pieces; to cut or rend lengthwise; to slit.
mutter: To utter words, especially complaints or angry expressions, indistinctly or with a low voice and lips partly closed; to say under one's breath.
mutter: To speak softly and incoherently, or with imperfect articulations.
mutter: To make a sound with a low, rumbling noise.
slouch: To hang or droop; to adopt a limp posture
slouch: To walk in a clumsy, lazy manner.
slouch: To cause to hang down or droop; to depress.
revise: To review, alter and amend, especially of written material.
revise: To look over again (something previously written or learned), especially in preparation for an examination.
revise: To look at again, to reflect on.
remark: To pay heed to; notice; to take notice of, to perceive.
remark: To pass comment on (something); to indicate, point out.
remark: To mark (someone or something) out; to distinguish, to make notable.
remark: To express in words or writing; to state, as an observation.
remark: To make a remark or remarks on, to comment on (something).
remark: Alternative spelling of re-mark
revive: To return to life; to become reanimated or reinvigorated.
revive: To return to life; to cause to recover life or strength; to cause to live anew, or to prevent from dying.
revive: To recover from a state of oblivion, obscurity, neglect, or depression.
revive: To restore, or bring again to life; to reanimate; to make lively again.
revive: To raise from coma, languor, depression, or discouragement; to bring into action after a suspension.
revive: To renew in the mind or memory; to bring to recollection; to recall attention to; to reawaken.
revive: To recover its natural or metallic state (e.g. a metal)
revive: To restore or reduce to its natural or metallic state
splice: To unite, as two ropes, or parts of a rope, by a particular manner of interweaving the strands, the union being between two ends, or between an end and the body of a rope.
splice: To unite, as spars, timbers, rails, etc., by lapping the two ends together, or by applying a piece which laps upon the two ends, and then binding, or in any way making fast.
splice: To unite in marriage.
splice: To unite as if splicing.
splice: To remove intron sequences from the pre-messenger RNA, and then join together exons.
splice: To add, remove and/or replace several array/data elements in one operation.
motive: To prompt or incite by a motive or motives; to move.
sprain: To weaken, as a joint, ligament, or muscle, by sudden and excessive exertion, as by wrenching; to overstrain, or stretch injuriously, but without luxation
couple: To join (two things) together, or (one thing) to (another).
couple: To join in wedlock; to marry.
couple: To join in sexual intercourse; to copulate.
couple: To cause (two animals) to copulate, to bring (two animals) together for mating.
shroud: To cover with a shroud.
shroud: To conceal or hide from view, as if by a shroud.
shroud: To take shelter or harbour.
shroud: To lop the branches from (a tree).
siesta: to take a siesta; to nap.
swathe: To bind with a swathe, band, bandage, or rollers
unbend: To remove a bend so as to make, or allow to become, straight.
unbend: To release (a load) from a strain or from exertion; to set at ease for a time; to relax.
unbend: To unfasten sails from the spars or stays to which are attached for use.
unbend: To cast loose or untie
unbend: To cease to be bent; to become straight.
unbend: To relax in exertion, attention, severity, or the like
unbend: to enjoy oneself; to become affable and free from formality
revert: To turn back, or turn to the contrary; to reverse.
revert: To throw back; to reflect; to reverberate.
revert: To cause to return to a former condition.
revert: To reverse (a change).
revert: To reverse a change made by (a person).
revert: To return to the possession of.
revert: To return to the possession of.
revert: Of an estate: To return to its former owner, or to his or her heirs, when a grant comes to an end.
revert: To cause (a property or rights) to return to the previous owner.
revert: To return to a former practice, condition, belief, etc.
revert: To return to an earlier or primitive type or state; to take on the traits or characters of an ancestral type.
revert: To change back, as from a soluble to an insoluble state or the reverse.
revert: To take up again or return to a previous topic.
revert: To return; to come back.
revert: To convert to Islam.
revert: To reply (to correspondence, etc.).
revert: To treat (a series, such as y=a+bx+cx²+⋯, where one variable y is expressed in powers of a second variable x), so as to find the second variable x expressed in a series arranged in powers of y.
unhand: To release from the hand; to let go.
rugged: simple past and past participle of rug
relish: To taste or eat with pleasure, to like the flavor of
relish: To take great pleasure in.
relish: To taste; to have a specified taste or flavour.
relish: To give a taste to; to cause to taste nice, to make appetizing.
relish: To give pleasure.
swerve: To stray; to wander; to rove.
swerve: To go out of a straight line; to deflect.
swerve: To wander from any line prescribed, or from a rule or duty; to depart from what is established by law, duty, custom, or the like; to deviate.
swerve: To bend; to incline; to give way.
swerve: To climb or move upward by winding or turning.
swerve: To turn aside or deviate to avoid impact.
swerve: Of a projectile, to travel in a curved line
swerve: To drive in the trajectory of another vehicle to stop it, to cut off.
swerve: To go out of one's way to avoid; to snub.
squire: To attend as a squire.
squire: To attend as a beau, or gallant, for aid and protection.
squirt: To be thrown out, or ejected, in a rapid stream, from a narrow orifice.
squirt: To cause to be ejected, in a rapid stream, from a narrow orifice.
squirt: To emit, eject or excrete (something).
squirt: To hit with a rapid stream of liquid.
squirt: To throw out or utter words rapidly; to prate.
squirt: To ejaculate.
squirt: To forcefully maneuver against the current so that the end of the boat is forced nearly vertical.
unseam: To open the seam or seams of; to rip; to cut open.
thresh: To separate the grain from the straw or husks (chaff) by mechanical beating, with a flail or machinery, or by driving animals over them.
thresh: To beat soundly, usually with some tool such as a stick or whip; to drub.
thresh: To violently toss the limbs about.
hinder: To make difficult to accomplish; to act as an obstacle; to frustrate.
hinder: To delay or impede; to keep back, to prevent.
hinder: To cause harm.
thatch: To cover the roof with straw, reed, leaves, etc.
unwrap: To open or undo, as what is wrapped or folded.
unwrap: To become unwrapped.
unwrap: To remove word wrap from.
scythe: To use a scythe.
scythe: To cut with a scythe.
scythe: To cut off as with a scythe; to mow.
scythe: To attack or injure as if cutting.
reside: To dwell permanently or for a considerable time; to have a settled abode for a time; to remain for a long time.
reside: To have a seat or fixed position; to inhere; to lie or be as in attribute or element.
reside: To sink; to settle, as sediment.
shriek: To utter a loud, sharp, shrill sound or cry, as do some birds and beasts; to scream, as in a sudden fright, in horror or anguish.
shriek: To utter sharply and shrilly; to utter in or with a shriek or shrieks.
unseen: past participle of unsee
scribe: To write.
scribe: To write, engrave, or mark upon; to inscribe.
scribe: To record, as a scribe.
scribe: To write or draw with a scribe.
scribe: To cut (something) in order to fit it closely to an irregular surface, as a baseboard to a floor which is out of level, a board to the curves of a moulding, etc.
scribe: To score or mark with compasses or a scribing iron.
retire: To stop working on a permanent basis, usually because of old age or illness.
retire: To withdraw; to take away.
retire: To cease use or production of something.
retire: To withdraw from circulation, or from the market; to take up and pay.
retire: To cause to retire; specifically, to designate as no longer qualified for active service; to place on the retired list.
retire: To voluntarily stop batting before being dismissed so that the next batsman can bat.
retire: To make a play which results in a runner or the batter being out, either by means of a put out, fly out or strikeout. Also, when such an event ends a team's turn at bat.
retire: To go back or return; to withdraw or retreat, especially from public view; to go into privacy.
retire: To retreat from action or danger; to withdraw for safety or pleasure.
retire: To recede; to fall or bend back.
retire: To go to bed.
retire: To fit (a vehicle) with new tires.
thrive: To grow or increase stature; to grow vigorously or luxuriantly, to flourish.
thrive: To increase in wealth or success; to prosper, be profitable.
flakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flake
twinge: To pull with a twitch; to pinch; to tweak.
twinge: To affect with a sharp, sudden pain; to torment with pinching or sharp pains.
twinge: To have a sudden, sharp, local pain, like a twitch; to suffer a keen, darting, or shooting pain.
oyster: To fish for oysters.
merits: third-person singular simple present indicative of merit
writhe: To twist, wring (something).
writhe: To contort (a part of the body).
writhe: To twist bodily; to contort one's self; to be distorted.
writhe: To extort.
trowel: To apply (a substance) with a trowel.
trowel: To pass over with a trowel.
trowel: To apply something heavily or unsubtly.
beweep: To weep over; weep for; weep about; deplore; lament.
beweep: To weep.
result: To proceed, spring up or rise, as a consequence, from facts, arguments, premises, combination of circumstances, consultation, thought or endeavor.
result: To have as a consequence; to lead to; to bring about
result: To return to the proprietor (or heirs) after a reversion.
result: To leap back; to rebound.
stroll: To wander on foot; to ramble idly or leisurely; to rove.
stroll: To go somewhere with ease.
stroll: To walk the streets as a prostitute.
stroll: To do, obtain, or achieve something in a casual and effortless way.
ordain: To prearrange unalterably.
ordain: To decree.
ordain: To admit into the ministry, for example as a priest, bishop, minister or Buddhist monk, or to authorize as a rabbi.
ordain: To predestine.
slight: To treat as unimportant or not worthy of attention; to make light of.
slight: To give lesser weight or importance to.
slight: To treat with disdain or neglect, usually out of prejudice, hatred, or jealousy; to ignore disrespectfully.
slight: To act negligently or carelessly.
slight: To render no longer defensible by full or partial demolition.
slight: To make even or level.
slight: To throw heedlessly.
partay: To party (have a party, enjoy oneself).
bewail: To wail over; to feel or express deep sorrow for
uproot: To tear up (a plant, etc.) by the roots, or as if by the roots; to extirpate, to root up.
uproot: To destroy (something) utterly; to eradicate, exterminate.
uproot: To remove (someone or something) from a familiar circumstance, especially suddenly and unwillingly.
uproot: Of oneself or someone: to move away from a familiar environment (for example, to live elsewhere).
uproot: Of a pig or other animal: to dig up (something in the ground) using the snout; to rummage for (something) in the ground; to grub up, to root, to rout.
remain: To stay after others or other parts have been removed or otherwise disappeared.
remain: To be left after a number or quantity has been subtracted or cut off; to be left as not included or comprised.
remain: To continue unchanged in place, form, or condition, or undiminished in quantity; to abide; to stay; to endure; to last.
remain: To await; to be left to.
remain: To continue in a state of being.
starch: To apply or treat with laundry starch, to create a hard, smooth surface.
assrun: To follow (a player in a first-person shooter game) in order to shoot them from behind.
ladder: To arrange or form into a shape of a ladder.
ladder: To ascend (a building, a wall, etc.) using a ladder.
ladder: Of a knitted garment: to develop a ladder as a result of a broken thread.
ladder: To close in on a target with successive salvos, increasing or decreasing the shot range as necessary.
ladder: To corruptly coerce a convicted offender to admit to offences to be taken into consideration which they do not actually believe they committed, as a way to artificially increase the rate of solved crimes.
chills: third-person singular simple present indicative of chill
ad-lib: To improvise all or part of a speech or other performance, especially in comedy.
wallow: To roll oneself about in something dirty, for example in mud.
wallow: To move lazily or heavily in any medium.
wallow: To immerse oneself in, to occupy oneself with, metaphorically.
wallow: To live or exist in filth or in a sickening manner.
wallow: To fade, fade away, wither, droop; fail to flourish.
wheeze: To breathe hard, and with an audible piping or whistling sound, as persons affected with asthma.
wheeze: To convulse with laughter; to become breathless due to intense laughing.
wheeze: To make a sound that resembles the sound of human wheezing.
phoney: Alternative form of phony
unlike: To dislike.
unlike: To withdraw support for a particular thing, especially on social networking websites.
kludge: To build or use a kludge.
behove: To befit, to suit.
behove: To be necessary for (someone).
behove: To be in the best interest of; to benefit.
behove: To be needful, meet or becoming.
wedgie: To play the wedgie prank on.
vassal: To treat as a vassal or to reduce to the position of a vassal; to subject to control; to enslave.
vassal: To subordinate to someone or something.
propel: To provide an impetus for motion or physical action, to cause to move in a certain direction; to drive forward.
propel: To provide an impetus for non-physical change, to make to arrive to a certain situation or result.
desist: To cease to proceed or act; to stop (often with from).
unseat: To dislodge or remove (someone) from a seat, especially on horseback.
unseat: To remove (someone) from an office or position, especially a political one; to dethrone.
unseat: To cause (something) to be removed or replaced in its role; to displace, to overturn.
unseat: To upset the composure of (someone); to astound, to shock, to unsettle.
unseat: To come off or out of a seat.
wreath: To place an entwined circle of flowers upon or around something.
wreath: To wrap around something in a circle.
wreath: To curl, writhe or spiral in the form of a wreath.
worthy: To render or treat as worthy; exalt; revere; honour; esteem; respect; value; reward; adore.
decree: To command by a decree.
begrip: To grip around or about; get a grip on; grasp.
honour: British spelling, Canadian spelling, Commonwealth, and Ireland standard spelling of honor.
marble: To cause (something to have) the streaked or swirled appearance of certain types of marble, for example by mixing viscous ingredients incompletely, or by applying paint or other colorants unevenly.
marble: To get or have the streaked or swirled appearance of certain types of marble, for example due to the incomplete mixing of viscous ingredients, or the uneven application of paint or other colorants.
marble: To cause meat, usually beef, pork, or lamb, to be interlaced with fat so that its appearance resembles that of marble.
marble: To become interlaced with fat; (of fat) to interlace through meat.
marble: To lace or be laced throughout.
thirst: To be thirsty.
thirst: To desire vehemently.
boring: present participle and gerund of bore
disown: To refuse to own, or to refuse to acknowledge one’s own.
disown: To repudiate any connection to; to renounce.
disown: To detach (a job or process) so that it can continue to run even when the user who launched it ends his/her login session.
baaing: present participle and gerund of baa
troops: third-person singular simple present indicative of troop
adempt: To take away.
strain: To hold tightly, to clasp.
strain: To apply a force or forces to by stretching out.
strain: To damage by drawing, stretching, or the exertion of force.
strain: To act upon, in any way, so as to cause change of form or volume, as when bending a beam.
strain: To exert or struggle (to do something), especially to stretch (one's senses, faculties etc.) beyond what is normal or comfortable.
strain: To stretch beyond its proper limit; to do violence to, in terms of intent or meaning.
strain: To separate solid from liquid by passing through a strainer or colander.
strain: To percolate; to be filtered.
strain: To make uneasy or unnatural; to produce with apparent effort; to force; to constrain.
strain: To urge with importunity; to press.
strain: To hug somebody; to hold somebody tightly.
strain: To beget, generate (of light), engender, copulate (both of animals and humans), lie with, be born, come into the world.
lament: To express grief; to weep or wail; to mourn.
lament: To express great sorrow or regret over; to bewail.
babish: To make or treat as babish.
addoom: To adjudge.
addeem: To adjudge; to try, test.
addeem: To deem; think; judge; esteem; account; determine; be of an opinion.
crunch: To crush something, especially food, with a noisy crackling sound.
crunch: To be crushed with a noisy crackling sound.
crunch: To calculate or otherwise process (e.g. to crunch numbers: to perform mathematical calculations). Presumably from the sound made by mechanical calculators.
crunch: To grind or press with violence and noise.
crunch: To emit a grinding or crunching noise.
crunch: To cause the gears to emit a crunching sound by releasing the clutch before the gears are properly synchronised.
crunch: To compress (data) using a particular algorithm, so that it can be restored by decrunching.
crunch: To make employees work overtime in order to meet a deadline in the development of a project.
adduce: To bring forward or offer, as an argument, passage, or consideration which bears on a statement or case; to cite; to allege.
adduce: To produce in proof.
f-word: To use vulgarities, especially the word fuck.
uncork: To open (a bottle or other container sealed with a cork or stopper) by removing the cork or stopper from.
uncork: To release.
wander: To move without purpose or specified destination; often in search of livelihood.
wander: To stray; stray from one's course; err.
wander: To commit adultery.
wander: To go somewhere indirectly or at varying speeds; to move in a curved path.
wander: Of the mind, to lose focus or clarity of argument or attention.
whores: third-person singular simple present indicative of whore
renege: To break a promise or commitment; to go back on one's word.
renege: In a card game, to break one's commitment to follow suit when capable.
renege: To deny; to renounce
coddle: To treat gently or with great care.
coddle: To cook slowly in hot water that is below the boiling point.
coddle: To exercise excessive or damaging authority in an attempt to protect. To overprotect.
addict: To deliver (someone or something) following a judicial decision.
addict: To devote (oneself) to a given activity, occupation, thing etc.
addict: To bind (a person or thing) to the service of something.
addict: To devote or pledge (oneself) to a given person, cause etc.
addict: To devote (one's mind, talent etc.) to a given activity, occupation, thing etc.
addict: To make (someone) become devoted to a given thing or activity; to cause to be addicted.
waxing: present participle and gerund of wax
legion: To form into legions.
flying: present participle and gerund of fly
paddle: To propel something through water with a paddle, oar, hands, etc.
paddle: To row a boat with less than one's full capacity.
paddle: To spank with a paddle.
paddle: To pat or stroke amorously or gently.
paddle: To tread upon; to trample.
paddle: To walk or dabble playfully in shallow water, especially at the seaside.
paddle: To dog paddle in water.
paddle: To toddle.
paddle: To toy or caress using hands or fingers.
pamper: To treat with excessive care, attention or indulgence.
pamper: To feed luxuriously.
rehash: To hash (chop food into small pieces) again.
rehash: To repeat with minor variation.
rehash: To analyze a prior contentious or embarrassing event.
rehash: To recompute the structure of a hash table, taking into account any newly added items.
babble: To utter words indistinctly or unintelligibly; to utter inarticulate sounds
babble: To talk incoherently; to utter meaningless words.
babble: To talk too much; to chatter; to prattle.
babble: To make a continuous murmuring noise, like shallow water running over stones.
babble: To utter in an indistinct or incoherent way; to repeat words or sounds in a childish way without understanding.
babble: To reveal; to give away (a secret).
Hoover: Alternative letter-case form of hoover.
moving: present participle and gerund of move
summon: To call people together; to convene.
summon: To ask someone to come; to send for.
summon: To order (goods) and have delivered
summon: To rouse oneself to exert a skill.
summon: To call a resource by magic.
summon: To summons; convene.
summon: To impose such a fine or penalty, or to issue a notice thereof.
raisin: Of grapes: to dry out; to become like raisins.
fillip: To strike, project, or propel with a fillip (that is, a finger released quickly after being pressed against the thumb); to flick.
fillip: To project quickly; to snap.
fillip: To strike or tap smartly.
fillip: To drive as if by a fillip (noun sense 1); to excite, stimulate, whet.
fillip: To make a fillip (noun sense 1) (with the fingers).
cookie: To send a cookie to (a user, computer, etc.).
airing: present participle and gerund of air
elicit: To evoke, educe (emotions, feelings, responses, etc.); to generate, obtain, or provoke as a response or answer.
elicit: To draw out, bring out, bring forth (something latent); to obtain information from someone or something.
elicit: To use logic to arrive at truth; to derive by reason
simmer: To cook or undergo heating slowly at or below the boiling point.
simmer: To cause to cook or to cause to undergo heating slowly at or below the boiling point.
simmer: To be on the point of breaking out into anger; to be agitated.
simmer: To remain angry with someone or something past the point of exhaustion; to resign oneself to holding a grudge, especially after some failed attempts to resolve a situation.
simmer: To develop gradually, of an idea or plan.
donate: To make a donation; to give away something of value to support or contribute towards a cause or for the benefit of another.
gospel: To instruct in, declare, or communicate the gospel; to evangelise.
bereft: simple past and past participle of bereave
blanco: To polish using Blanco.
swivel: To swing or turn, as on a pin or pivot.
opaque: To make, render (more) opaque.
employ: To retain (someone) as an employee.
employ: To provide (someone) with a new job; to hire.
employ: To use (someone or something) for a job or task.
employ: To make busy; to preoccupy.
re-use: Alternative spelling of reuse
huzzah: To cheer (someone or something) with a huzzah sound.
skijor: To cross-country ski behind one or more dogs or horses, or a vehicle.
shaven: past participle of shave
sit up: To assume a sitting position from a position lying down.
sit up: To sit erect.
sit up: To show sudden interest or surprise.
sit up: To bounce, especially to a comfortable height.
sit up: To not go to bed (notionally remaining in a sitting position).
sit up: For a young lady to open her house for several successive nights for any visitors who wish to pay their respects.
grouse: To hunt or shoot grouse.
grouse: To complain or grumble.
outlaw: To declare illegal.
outlaw: To place a ban upon.
outlaw: To remove from legal jurisdiction or enforcement.
outlaw: To deprive of legal force.
efflux: To run out; to flow forth.
efflux: To pass away.
bemuse: To confuse or bewilder.
bemuse: To be amused, especially sardonically.
bemuse: To devote to the Muses.
bemuse: To make drunk; to intoxicate.
spleen: To dislike.
spleen: To annoy or irritate.
spleen: To complain; to rail; to vent one's spleen.
spleen: To remove the spleen, or, by extension, to gore.
spleen: To excise or remove.
brunch: To eat brunch.
prompt: To lead (someone) toward what they should say or do.
prompt: To say (something) in order to help or encourage someone to speak.
prompt: To show or tell (an actor/person) the words they should be saying, or actions they should be doing.
prompt: To initiate; to cause or lead to.
prompt: To request (a user) to provide input or do something on a computer.
prompt: To provide textual input in the form of ordinary language to (an artificial intelligence or language model) to have it generate a desired output.
pacify: To bring peace to (a place or situation), by ending war, fighting, violence, anger or agitation.
pacify: To appease (someone).
dialog: To discuss or negotiate so that all parties can reach an understanding.
soothe: To restore to ease, comfort, or tranquility; relieve; calm; quiet; refresh.
soothe: To allay; assuage; mitigate; soften.
soothe: To smooth over; render less obnoxious.
soothe: To calm or placate someone or some situation.
soothe: To ease or relieve pain or suffering.
soothe: To temporise by assent, concession, flattery, or cajolery.
soothe: To bring comfort or relief.
soothe: To keep in good humour; wheedle; cajole; flatter.
soothe: To prove true; verify; confirm as true.
soothe: To confirm the statements of; maintain the truthfulness of (a person); bear out.
soothe: To assent to; yield to; humour by agreement or concession.
lading: present participle and gerund of lade
schlep: To carry, drag, or lug.
schlep: To go, as on an errand; to carry out a task.
schlep: To act in a slovenly, lazy, or sloppy manner.
police: To enforce the law and keep order among (a group).
police: To clean up an area.
police: To enforce norms or standards upon.
verify: To substantiate or prove the truth of something.
verify: To confirm or test the truth or accuracy of something.
verify: To affirm something formally, under oath.
render: To cause to become.
render: To interpret, give an interpretation or rendition of.
render: To translate into another language.
render: To pass down.
render: To make over as a return.
render: To give; to give back; to deliver.
render: To give up; to yield; to surrender.
render: To transform (a model) into a display on the screen or other media.
render: To capture and turn over to another country secretly and extrajudicially.
render: To convert waste animal tissue into a usable byproduct.
render: To have fat drip off meat from cooking.
render: To cover a wall with a layer of plaster.
render: To pass; to run; said of the passage of a rope through a block, eyelet, etc.
render: To yield or give way.
render: To return; to pay back; to restore.
render: To inflict, as a retribution; to requite.
winded: simple past and past participle of wind
rebuke: To criticise harshly; to reprove.
beware: To use caution, pay attention to (used both with and without of).
mitten: To dress in mittens; to put a mitten on.
nibble: To eat with small, quick bites.
nibble: To bite lightly.
nibble: To consume gradually.
nibble: To find fault; to cavil.
rookie: To be a rookie; to go through one's inexperienced learning period in a job, team, or organization.
rookie: To haze one or more rookies as an initiation ritual.
bemoan: To moan or complain about (something).
bemoan: To be dismayed or worried about (someone), particularly because of their situation or what has happened to them.
warble: To modulate a tone's frequency.
warble: To sing like a bird, especially with trills.
warble: To cause to quaver or vibrate.
warble: To be quavered or modulated; to be uttered melodiously.
gutted: simple past and past participle of gut
meddle: To interfere in or with; to concern oneself with unduly.
meddle: To interest or engage oneself; to have to do (with), in a good sense.
meddle: To mix (something) with some other substance; to commingle, combine, blend.
meddle: To have sex.
giggle: To laugh gently in a playful, nervous, or affected manner.
wiggle: To move with irregular, back and forward or side to side motions; To shake or jiggle.
pursue: To follow urgently, originally with intent to capture or harm; to chase.
pursue: To follow, travel down (a particular way, course of action etc.).
pursue: To aim for, go after (a specified objective, situation etc.).
pursue: To participate in (an activity, business etc.); to practise, follow (a profession).
pursue: To act as a legal prosecutor.
pursue: To continue; to carry on.
banish: To send someone away and forbid that person from returning.
banish: To expel, especially from the mind.
attire: To clothe or adorn.
deface: To damage or vandalize something, especially a surface, in a visible or conspicuous manner.
deface: To void or devalue; to nullify or degrade the face value of.
deface: To alter a coat of arms or a flag by adding an element to it.
fillet: To slice, bone or make into fillets.
fillet: To apply, create, or specify a rounded or filled corner to.
ponder: To wonder, think of deeply.
ponder: To consider (something) carefully and thoroughly.
ponder: To weigh.
zip it: Alternative form of zip one's lip
hijack: To forcibly seize control of some vehicle in order to rob it or to reach a destination (especially an airplane, truck or a boat).
hijack: To seize control of some process or resource to achieve a purpose other than its originally intended one.
hijack: To seize control of a networked computer by means of infecting it with a worm or other malware, thereby turning it into a zombie.
hijack: To change software settings without a user's knowledge so as to force that user to visit a certain web site.
hijack: To introduce an amendment deleting the contents of a bill and inserting entirely new provisions.
cuddle: To embrace affectionately; to lie together snugly.
cuddle: To cradle in one's arms so as to give comfort, warmth.
cuddle: To lie close or snug; to crouch; to nestle.
flinch: To make a sudden, involuntary movement in response to a (usually negative) stimulus; to cringe.
flinch: To dodge (a question), to avoid an unpleasant task or duty
flinch: To let the foot slip from a ball, when attempting to give a tight croquet.
flinch: Alternative form of flense
casket: To put into, or preserve in, a casket.
shiver: To tremble or shake, especially when cold or frightened.
shiver: To cause to shake or tremble, as a sail, by steering close to the wind.
shiver: To break into splinters or fragments.
cancel: To cross out something with lines etc.
cancel: To invalidate or annul something.
cancel: To mark something (such as a used postage stamp) so that it can't be reused.
cancel: To offset or equalize something.
cancel: To remove a common factor from both the numerator and denominator of a fraction, or from both sides of an equation.
cancel: To stop production of a programme.
cancel: To suppress or omit; to strike out, as matter in type.
cancel: To shut out, as with a railing or with latticework; to exclude.
cancel: To kill.
cancel: To cease to provide financial or moral support to (someone deemed unacceptable). Compare cancel culture.
chisel: To use a chisel.
chisel: To work something with a chisel.
chisel: To cheat, to get something from (someone) by cheating.
perish: To decay and disappear; to waste away to nothing.
perish: To decay in such a way that it cannot be used for its original purpose
perish: To die; to cease to live.
perish: To cause to perish.
evince: To show or demonstrate clearly; to manifest.
attest: To affirm to be correct, true, or genuine.
attest: To certify by signature or oath.
attest: To certify in an official capacity.
attest: To supply or be evidence of.
attest: To put under oath.
attest: To call to witness; to invoke.
remove: To delete.
remove: To move from one place to another, especially to take away.
remove: To move from one place to another, especially to take away.
remove: To replace a dish within a course.
remove: To murder.
remove: To dismiss a batsman.
remove: To discard, set aside, especially something abstract (a thought, feeling, etc.).
remove: To depart, to leave; to move oneself or be moved.
remove: To change one's residence or place of business; to move.
remove: To dismiss or discharge from office.
fasten: To attach or connect in a secure manner.
fasten: To cause to take close effect; to make to tell; to land.
tickle: To touch repeatedly or stroke delicately in a manner which causes laughter, pleasure and twitching.
tickle: To unexpectedly touch or stroke delicately in a manner which causes displeasure or withdrawal.
tickle: To feel as if the body part in question is being tickled.
tickle: To appeal to someone's taste, curiosity etc.
tickle: To cause delight or amusement in.
tickle: To feel titillation.
tickle: To catch fish in the hand (usually in rivers or smaller streams) by manually stimulating the fins.
tickle: To be excited or heartened.
quench: To satisfy, especially a literal or figurative thirst.
quench: To extinguish or put out (as a fire or light).
quench: To cool rapidly by direct contact with liquid coolant, as a blacksmith quenching hot iron.
quench: To terminate or greatly diminish (a chemical reaction) by destroying or deforming the remaining reagents.
quench: To rapidly change the parameters of a physical system.
quench: To rapidly terminate the operation of a superconducting electromagnet by causing part or all of the magnet's windings to enter the normal, resistive state.
rushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rush
zephyr: To blow or move like a zephyr, or light breeze.
zephyr: To blow or blow on gently like a zephyr; to cool or refresh with a gentle breeze.
scrawl: To write something hastily or illegibly.
scrawl: To write in an irregular or illegible manner.
scrawl: To write unskilfully and inelegantly.
scrawl: To creep; crawl; to move slowly, with difficulty, fearfully, or stealthily.
podium: To finish in the top three at an event or competition.
irises: third-person singular simple present indicative of iris
foster: To nurture or bring up offspring, or to provide similar parental care to an unrelated child.
foster: To promote the development of something; to cultivate and grow a thing.
foster: To nurse or cherish something.
foster: To be nurtured or trained up together.
avowed: simple past and past participle of avow
pillow: To rest as on a pillow.
worsen: To make worse; to impair.
worsen: To become worse; to get worse.
worsen: To get the better of; to worst.
plague: To harass, pester or annoy someone persistently or incessantly.
plague: To afflict with a disease or other calamity.
seduce: To beguile or lure (someone) away from duty, accepted principles, or proper conduct; to lead astray.
seduce: To entice or induce (someone) to engage in a sexual relationship.
seduce: To have sexual intercourse with.
seduce: To win over or attract.
stench: To cause to emit a disagreeable odour; to cause to stink.
stench: To stanch.
zigzag: To move or to twist in a zigzag manner.
suffer: To undergo hardship.
suffer: To feel pain.
suffer: To become worse.
suffer: To endure, undergo.
suffer: To allow.
walrus: To hunt walruses
walrus: To be like a walrus
walrus: To move dragging one's belly along the floor
walrus: To be like a walrus
walrus: To hang like a walrus's moustache
walrus: To be like a walrus
walrus: To be prominent, like tusks
tunnel: To make a tunnel through or under something; to burrow.
tunnel: To dig a tunnel.
tunnel: To transmit something through a tunnel (wrapper for insecure or unsupported protocol).
tunnel: To insert a catheter into a vein to allow long-term use.
tunnel: To undergo the quantum-mechanical phenomenon where a particle penetrates through a barrier that it classically cannot surmount.
carton: To put in a carton.
bowled: simple past and past participle of bowl
assail: To attack with harsh words or violent force (also figuratively).
shanty: To inhabit a shanty.
woggle: Alternative spelling of waggle
umpire: To act as an umpire in a game.
umpire: To decide as an umpire.
tranch: To carve; to slice.
braces: third-person singular simple present indicative of brace
boogie: To dance a boogie.
boogie: To move, walk, leave, exit.
impugn: To assault, attack.
impugn: To verbally assault, especially to argue against an opinion, motive, or action; to question the truth or validity of.
stream: To flow in a continuous or steady manner, like a liquid.
stream: To extend; to stretch out with a wavy motion; to float in the wind.
stream: To discharge in a stream.
stream: To push continuous data (e.g. music) from a server to a client computer while it is being used (played) on the client.
tucker: To tire out or exhaust a person or animal.
blouse: To hang a garment in loose folds.
blouse: To tuck one's pants/trousers (into one's boots).
deafen: To make deaf, either temporarily or permanently.
deafen: To make soundproof.
deafen: To stun, as with noise.
sickle: To cut with a sickle.
sickle: To deform (as with a red blood cell) into an abnormal crescent shape.
sickle: Of red blood cells: to assume an abnormal crescent shape.
pulley: To raise or lift by means of a pulley.
chapel: To cause (a ship taken aback in a light breeze) to turn or make a circuit so as to recover, without bracing the yards, the same tack on which she had been sailing.
chapel: To deposit or inter in a chapel; to enshrine.
bumper: To drink from the vessels called bumpers.
haggle: To argue for a better deal, especially over prices with a seller.
haggle: To hack (cut crudely)
haggle: To stick at small matters; to chaffer; to higgle.
gentle: To become gentle.
gentle: To ennoble.
gentle: To break; to tame; to domesticate.
gentle: To soothe; to calm; to make gentle.
misfit: To fit badly.
trance: To (cause to) be in a trance; to entrance.
trance: To create in or via a trance.
trance: To walk heavily or with some difficulty; to tramp, to trudge.
trance: To pass across or over; to traverse.
trance: To travel quickly over a long distance.
spliff: To smoke a spliff.
covers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cover
pistol: To shoot (at) a target with a pistol.
cordon: Only used in cordon off
endure: To continue or carry on, despite obstacles or hardships; to persist.
endure: To tolerate or put up with something unpleasant.
endure: To last.
endure: To remain firm, as under trial or suffering; to suffer patiently or without yielding; to bear up under adversity; to hold out.
endure: To suffer patiently.
endure: To indurate.
papers: third-person singular simple present indicative of paper
screen: To filter by passing through a screen.
screen: To shelter or conceal.
screen: To remove information, or censor intellectual material from viewing. To hide the facts.
screen: To present publicly (on the screen).
screen: To fit with a screen.
screen: To examine patients or treat a sample in order to detect a chemical or a disease, or to assess susceptibility to a disease.
screen: To search chemical libraries by means of a computational technique in order to identify chemical compounds which would potentially bind to a given biological target such as a protein.
screen: To stand so as to block a defender from reaching a teammate.
screen: To determine the source or subject matter of a call before deciding whether to answer the phone.
rusted: simple past and past participle of rust
sombre: To make sombre or dark; to make shady.
notice: To remark upon; to mention.
notice: To become aware of; to observe.
notice: To lavish attention upon; to treat (someone) favourably.
notice: To be noticeable; to show.
supply: To provide (something), to make (something) available for use.
supply: To furnish or equip with.
supply: To fill up, or keep full.
supply: To compensate for, or make up a deficiency of.
supply: To serve instead of; to take the place of.
supply: To act as a substitute.
supply: To fill temporarily; to serve as substitute for another in, as a vacant place or office; to occupy; to have possession of.
giving: present participle and gerund of give
riding: present participle and gerund of ride
excite: To stir the emotions of.
excite: To arouse or bring out (e.g. feelings); to stimulate.
excite: To cause an electron to move to a higher than normal state; to promote an electron to an outer level.
excite: To energize (an electromagnet); to produce a magnetic field in.
making: present participle and gerund of make
de-ice: To remove ice, as from the wings of an airplane.
scream: To cry out with a shrill voice; to utter a sudden, shout outcry, or shrill, loud cry, as in fright or extreme pain; to screech, to shriek.
scream: To move quickly; to race.
scream: To be very indicative of; clearly having the characteristics of.
tinkle: To make light metallic sounds, rather like a very small bell.
tinkle: To cause to tinkle.
tinkle: To indicate, signal, etc. by tinkling.
tinkle: To hear, or resound with, a small, sharp sound.
tinkle: To urinate.
stable: To put or keep (an animal) in a stable.
stable: To dwell in a stable.
stable: To park (a rail vehicle).
cypher: Alternative spelling of cipher
repair: To restore to good working order, fix, or improve damaged condition; to mend; to remedy.
repair: To make amends for, as for an injury, by an equivalent; to indemnify for.
repair: To transfer oneself to another place.
repair: To pair again.
border: To put a border on something.
border: To form a border around; to bound.
border: To lie on, or adjacent to, a border of.
border: To touch at a border (with on, upon, or with).
border: To approach; to come near to; to verge (with on or upon).
raging: present participle and gerund of rage
buried: simple past and past participle of bury
piffle: To act or speak in a futile, ineffective, or nonsensical manner.
piffle: To waste, to fritter away.
piffle: To be squeamish or delicate.
waking: present participle and gerund of wake
indict: To accuse of wrongdoing; charge.
indict: To make a formal accusation or indictment for a crime against (a party) by the findings of a jury, especially a grand jury.
drinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of drink
ravage: To devastate, destroy or lay waste to something.
ravage: To pillage or plunder destructively; to sack.
ravage: To wreak destruction.
ravage: To have vigorous sexual intercourse with.
ravage: To rape.
mangle: To change, mutilate, or disfigure by cutting, tearing, rearranging, etc.
mangle: To modify (an identifier from source code) so as to produce a unique identifier for internal use by the compiler, etc.
mangle: To wring laundry.
mister: To address by the title of "mister". [from c.]
mister: To address by the title of "mister".
mister: To be necessary; to matter.
sacred: simple past and past participle of sacre
oblong: To extend so as to form an oblong shape.
oblong: To give an oblong shape to.
others: third-person singular simple present indicative of other
excess: To declare (an employee) surplus to requirements, such that he or she might not be given work.
molten: past participle of melt
tinsel: To adorn (something) with tinsel.
tinsel: To ornament (fabric, etc.) by weaving into it thread of gold, silver, or some other shiny material.
tinsel: To adorn (something) with tinsel.
tinsel: To deck out (a place or something) with showy but cheap ornaments; to make gaudy.
tinsel: To give (something) a false or superficial attractiveness.
tinsel: To cause (someone) damage or loss; also, to impose a fine on (someone); to mulct.
taking: present participle and gerund of take
sewing: present participle and gerund of sew
sucker: To strip the suckers or shoots from; to deprive of suckers.
sucker: To produce suckers; to throw up additional stems or shoots.
sucker: To move or attach oneself by means of suckers.
sucker: To fool someone; to take advantage of someone.
sucker: To lure someone.
expect: To predict or believe that something will happen
expect: To consider obligatory or required.
expect: To consider reasonably due.
expect: To be pregnant, to consider a baby due.
expect: To wait for; to await.
expect: To wait; to stay.
reopen: To open (something) again.
reopen: To open again.
coffle: To fasten (a line of people or animals) together.
commit: To give in trust; to put into charge or keeping; to entrust; to consign; used with to or formerly unto.
commit: To imprison: to forcibly place in a jail.
commit: To forcibly evaluate and treat in a medical facility, particularly for presumed mental illness.
commit: To do (something bad); to perpetrate, as a crime, sin, or fault.
commit: To pledge or bind; to compromise, expose, or endanger by some decisive act or preliminary step. (Traditionally used only reflexively but now also without oneself etc.)
commit: To make a set of changes permanent.
commit: To integrate new revisions into the public or master version of a file in a version control system.
commit: To enter into a contest; to match; often followed by with.
commit: To confound.
commit: To commit an offence; especially, to fornicate.
commit: To be committed or perpetrated; to take place; to occur.
insult: To be insensitive, insolent, or rude to (somebody); to affront or demean (someone).
insult: To assail, assault, or attack; (specifically, military) to carry out an assault, attack, or onset without preparation.
insult: To behave in an obnoxious and superior manner (against or over someone).
insult: To leap or trample upon.
permit: To allow (something) to happen, to give permission for.
permit: To allow (someone) to do something; to give permission to.
permit: To allow for, to make something possible.
permit: To allow, to admit (of).
permit: To grant formal authorization for (something).
permit: To attempt to obtain or succeed in obtaining formal authorization for (something).
permit: To hand over, resign (something to someone).
subset: To take a subset of.
subset: To extract only the portions of (a font) that are needed to display a particular document.
makeup: To put makeup on (someone or something).
s'pose: Pronunciation spelling of suppose.
census: To conduct a census on.
census: To collect a census.
bimble: To walk with no particular haste or purpose.
keeped: simple past and past participle of keep
coffin: To place in a coffin.
filing: present participle and gerund of file
vacate: To move out of a dwelling or other property, either by choice or by eviction.
vacate: To leave an office or position.
vacate: To have a court judgement set aside; to annul.
vacate: To leave an area, usually as a result of orders from public authorities in the event of a riot or natural disaster.
entice: To lure; to attract by arousing desire or hope.
dander: To wander about.
dander: To maunder, to talk incoherently.
voodoo: To bewitch someone or something using voodoo
forked: simple past and past participle of fork
grudge: To be unwilling to give or allow (someone something).
grudge: To grumble, complain; to be dissatisfied.
grudge: To hold or harbour with malicious disposition or purpose; to cherish enviously.
corner: To drive (someone or something) into a corner or other confined space.
corner: To trap in a position of great difficulty or hopeless embarrassment.
corner: To put (someone) in an awkward situation.
corner: To get sufficient command of (a stock, commodity, etc.), so as to be able to manipulate its price.
corner: To turn a corner or drive around a curve.
corner: To handle while moving around a corner in a road or otherwise turning.
corner: To supply with corners.
teabag: To lower one’s scrotum into the mouth of another person, or onto the face or head of another person.
teabag: To sit or crouch repeatedly on the head of another player's character after they are dead.
efface: To erase (as anything impressed or inscribed upon a surface); to render illegible or indiscernible.
efface: To cause to disappear as if by rubbing out or striking out.
efface: To make oneself inobtrusive as if due to modesty or diffidence.
efface: Of the cervix during pregnancy, to thin and stretch in preparation for labor.
pizzle: To beat (with a pizzle).
debunk: To discredit, or expose to ridicule the falsehood or the exaggerated claims of something.
sizing: present participle and gerund of size
review: To survey; to look broadly over.
review: To write a critical evaluation of a new art work etc.; to write a review.
review: To look back over in order to correct or edit; to revise.
review: To look over again (something previously written or learned), especially in preparation for an examination.
review: To view or see again; to look back on.
review: To retrace; to go over again.
fuller: To form a groove or channel in, by a fuller or set hammer.
exempt: To grant (someone) freedom or immunity from.
bunker: To load (a vessel) with coal or fuel oil for the engine.
bunker: To take a load of coal or fuel oil for its engine.
bunker: To steal bunker fuel by illicitly siphoning it off.
bunker: To hit (a golf ball) into a bunker; (chiefly passive voice) to place (a golfer) in the position of having a golf ball in a bunker.
bunker: To hit (a golf ball) into a bunker; (chiefly passive voice) to place (a golfer) in the position of having a golf ball in a bunker.
bunker: To place (someone) in a position that is difficult to get out of; to hinder.
bunker: To fire constantly at (an opponent hiding behind an obstacle), trapping them and preventing them from firing at other players; also, to eliminate (an opponent behind an obstacle) by rushing to the position and firing at extremely close range as the player becomes exposed.
bunker: Often followed by down: to take shelter in a bunker or other place.
served: simple past and past participle of serve
formed: simple past and past participle of form
custom: To make familiar; to accustom.
custom: To supply with customers.
custom: To pay the customs of.
custom: To have a custom.
extend: To increase in extent.
extend: To possess a certain extent; to cover an amount of space.
extend: To cause to increase in extent.
extend: To cause to last for a longer period of time.
extend: To straighten (a limb).
extend: To bestow; to offer; to impart; to apply.
extend: To increase in quantity by weakening or adulterating additions.
extend: To value, as lands taken by a writ of extent in satisfaction of a debt; to assign by writ of extent.
extend: Of a class: to be an extension or subtype of, or to be based on, a prototype or a more abstract class.
extend: To reenlist for a further period.
mutate: To undergo mutation.
mutate: To cause mutation.
fringe: To decorate with fringe.
fringe: To serve as a fringe.
peruse: To examine or consider with care.
peruse: To read completely.
peruse: To look over casually; to skim.
peruse: To go from place to place; to wander.
veneer: To apply veneer to.
veneer: To disguise with apparent goodness.
blotto: To become or cause to become (very) drunk or intoxicated.
blotto: To be annihilated or destroyed; to be blotted out.
opiate: To treat with an opiate drug.
hooray: To shout an expression of excitement.
outfit: To provide with, usually for a specific purpose.
notify: To give (someone) notice (of some event).
notify: To make (something) known.
notify: To make note of (something).
hunger: To be in need of food.
hunger: To have a desire (for); to long; to yearn.
hunger: To make hungry; to famish.
golden: To become gold or golden (in colour).
golden: To make golden or like gold.
kowtow: To grovel, act in a very submissive manner.
kowtow: To kneel and bow low enough to touch one’s forehead to the ground.
kowtow: To bow very deeply.
kowtow: To bow to or show obeisance to.
velvet: To cover with velvet or with a covering of a similar texture.
velvet: To coat raw meat in starch, then in oil, preparatory to frying.
velvet: To remove the velvet from a deer's antlers.
velvet: To soften; to mitigate.
velvet: to retract.
untidy: To make untidy, to make a mess
parish: To place (an area, or rarely a person) into one or more parishes.
parish: To visit residents of a parish.
parish: Pronunciation spelling of perish, representing Mary-marry-merry English.
assist: To help.
assist: To make a pass that leads directly towards scoring.
assist: To help compensate for what is missing with the help of a medical technique or therapy.
assist: To stand (at a place) or to (an opinion).
assist: To be present (at an event, occasion etc.).
semtex: To use semtex to destroy (something).
anthem: To celebrate with anthems.
career: To move rapidly straight ahead, especially in an uncontrolled way.
bangle: to beat about or beat down, as corn by the wind.
bangle: to waste away little by little; squander carelessly; fritter (away).
bangle: (falconry) to beat about in the air; flutter: said of a hawk which does not rise steadily and then swoop down upon its prey.
bangle: to flap or hang down loosely, as a hat brim or an animal's ear.
dinghy: To travel by dinghy.
museum: To place in a museum.
museum: To visit museums.
impute: To attribute or ascribe (responsibility or fault) to a cause or source.
impute: To ascribe (sin or righteousness) to someone by substitution.
impute: To take into account.
impute: To attribute or credit to.
impute: To replace missing data with substituted values.
mentor: To act as someone's mentor.
kibosh: To decisively put a stop to or terminate (someone or something).
climax: To reach or bring to a climax (in any sense).
slalom: To race in a slalom.
slalom: To move in a slalom-like manner.
places: third-person singular simple present indicative of place
roster: To place the name of (a person) on a roster.
roster: To show the elements of a set by listing them inside brackets.
scheme: To plot, or contrive a plan.
scheme: To plan; to contrive.
billow: To surge or roll in billows.
billow: To swell out or bulge.
brogue: To speak with a brogue (accent).
brogue: To walk.
brogue: To kick.
brogue: To punch a hole in, as with an awl.
brogue: to fish for eels by disturbing the waters.
tyrant: To act like a tyrant; to be tyrannical.
tyrant: To tyrannize.
forces: third-person singular simple present indicative of force
turned: simple past and past participle of turn
frolic: To make merry; to have fun; to romp; to behave playfully and uninhibitedly.
frolic: To cause to be merry.
laager: To arrange in a circular formation for defence.
laager: To camp in a circular formation.
points: third-person singular simple present indicative of point
bigger: To make or become bigger.
killed: simple past and past participle of kill
rights: third-person singular simple present indicative of right
plants: third-person singular simple present indicative of plant
pickle: To preserve food (or sometimes other things) in a salt, sugar or vinegar solution.
pickle: To remove high-temperature scale and oxidation from metal with heated (often sulphuric) industrial acid.
pickle: To serialize.
pickle: To pour brine over a person after flogging them, as a method of punishment.
pickle: To eat sparingly.
pickle: To pilfer.
sprint: To run, cycle, etc. at top speed for a short period.
shrove: simple past of shrive
shrove: To join in the festivities of Shrovetide.
shrove: To make merry.
wigwam: To dry (flax or straw) by standing it outside in the shape of a wigwam.
elated: simple past and past participle of elate
fondle: To touch or stroke lovingly.
fondle: To grasp.
pinata: Alternative form of piñata
caddie: Chiefly followed by for: to serve as a caddie (noun sense 2) for a golfer.
resize: To alter the size of something.
resize: To change in size.
resize: To size (apply glue or other primer to a surface) again.
squeal: To scream with a shrill, prolonged sound.
squeal: To make a squealing noise. (of an object)
squeal: To give sensitive information about someone to a third party; to rat on someone.
incite: To stir up or excite; to rouse or goad into action.
jetski: Alternative spelling of jet ski.
hazing: present participle and gerund of haze
caress: To touch or kiss lovingly; to fondle.
caress: To affect as if with a caress.
smudge: To obscure by blurring; to smear.
smudge: To soil or smear with dirt.
smudge: To use dense smoke to protect from insects.
smudge: To stifle or smother with smoke.
smudge: To burn herbs as a cleansing ritual (suffumigation).
smudge: To subject to ritual burning of herbs (suffumigation, smudging).
passed: simple past and past participle of pass
brandy: To preserve, flavour, or mix with brandy.
uplink: To transmit a signal by means of an uplink.
demure: To look demurely.
ruling: present participle and gerund of rule
unfold: To undo a folding.
unfold: To become unfolded.
unfold: To turn out; to happen; to develop.
unfold: To lay open to view or contemplation; to bring out in all the details, or by successive development; to reveal.
unfold: To release from a fold or pen.
bodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of body
molest: To sexually assault or sexually harass.
molest: To annoy, trouble, or afflict.
molest: To disturb or tamper with.
louche: To make (an alcoholic beverage, e.g. absinthe or ouzo) cloudy by mixing it with water, due to the presence of anethole. This is known as the ouzo effect.
decide: to resolve (a contest, problem, dispute, etc.); to choose, determine, or settle
decide: to make a judgment, especially after deliberation
decide: to cause someone to come to a decision
decide: to cut off; to separate
bundle: To tie or wrap together into a bundle.
bundle: To hustle; to dispatch something or someone quickly.
bundle: To prepare for departure; to set off in a hurry or without ceremony; used with away, off, out.
bundle: To dress someone warmly.
bundle: To dress warmly. Usually bundle up
bundle: To sell hardware and software as a single product.
bundle: To hurry.
bundle: Synonym of dogpile: to form a pile of people upon a victim.
bundle: To hastily or clumsily push, put, carry or otherwise send something into a particular place.
bundle: To sleep on the same bed without undressing.
offing: present participle and gerund of off
troupe: To tour with a troupe.
invite: To ask for the presence or participation of someone or something.
invite: To request formally.
invite: To encourage.
invite: To allure; to draw to; to tempt to come; to induce by pleasure or hope; to attract.
brewed: simple past and past participle of brew
crewed: simple past and past participle of crew
trains: third-person singular simple present indicative of train
impawn: To place an item into pawn.
impawn: To pledge an item of value in return for a loan, or a trade for money.
piping: present participle and gerund of pipe
morrow: To dawn
scorch: To burn the surface of something so as to discolour it
scorch: To wither, parch or destroy something by heat or fire, especially to make land or buildings unusable to an enemy
scorch: (To cause) to become scorched or singed
scorch: To move at high speed (so as to leave scorch marks on the ground, physically or figuratively).
scorch: To burn; to destroy by, or as by, fire.
scorch: To attack with bitter sarcasm or virulence.
scorch: To ride a bicycle furiously on a public highway.
suture: To sew up or join by means of a suture.
recite: To repeat aloud (some passage, poem or other text previously memorized, or in front of one's eyes), often before an audience.
recite: To list or enumerate something.
recite: To deliver a recitation.
margin: To add a margin to.
margin: To enter (notes etc.) into the margin.
margin: To trade (securities etc.) on margin (collateral).
slough: To shed skin or outer layers.
slough: To slide off or flake off, as an outer layer, such as skin, might do.
slough: To discard.
slough: To commit truancy, be absent from school without permission.
titled: simple past and past participle of title
stifle: To make (an animal or person) unconscious or cause (an animal or person) death by preventing breathing; to smother, to suffocate.
stifle: To cause (someone) difficulty in breathing, or a choking or gagging feeling.
stifle: To prevent (a breath, cough, or cry, or the voice, etc.) from being released from the throat.
stifle: To make (something) unable to be heard by blocking it with some medium.
stifle: To keep in, hold back, or repress (something).
stifle: To prevent (something) from being revealed; to conceal, to hide, to suppress.
stifle: (transitive, agriculture (sericulture)) To treat (a silkworm cocoon) with steam as part of the process of silk production.
stifle: To treat (a silkworm cocoon) with steam as part of the process of silk production.
stifle: To die of suffocation.
stifle: To feel smothered; to find it difficult to breathe.
stifle: To cause (a dog, horse, or other four-legged mammal) to dislocate or sprain its stifle joint.
replay: To play again.
replay: To display a recording of a previous event, especially multiple times.
harass: To annoy (someone) frequently or systematically; to pester.
harass: To annoy (someone) frequently or systematically; to pester.
harass: To persistently bother (someone, or a group of people) physically or psychologically when such behaviour is illegal and/or unwanted, especially over an extended period.
harass: To put excessive burdens upon (someone); to subject (someone) to anxieties.
harass: To trouble (someone, or a group of people) through repeated military-style attacks.
harass: Often followed by out: to fatigue or tire (someone) with exhausting and repeated efforts.
coulda: Contraction of could have.
solace: To give solace to; comfort; cheer; console.
solace: To allay or assuage.
solace: To take comfort; to be cheered.
engulf: To overwhelm.
engulf: To surround; to cover; to submerge.
engulf: To cast into a gulf.
nobble: To injure or obstruct intentionally.
nobble: To gain influence over by corrupt means or intimidation.
nobble: To steal.
nobble: To tamper with (typically a racehorse or greyhound) in order to prevent from winning a race.
rating: present participle and gerund of rate
mature: To proceed toward maturity: full development or completion (either of concrete or of abstract things, e.g. plans, judgments, qualities).
mature: To attain maturity, to become mature or ripe.
mature: To bring (something) to maturity, full development, or completion.
mature: To make (something, e.g. fruit) ripe or mature.
mature: To proceed toward or become mature or full-grown, either physically or psychologically; to gain experience or wisdom with age.
mature: To make (someone) mature.
mature: To reach the date when payment is due.
engage: To interact socially.
engage: To engross or hold the attention of; to keep busy or occupied.
engage: To interact socially.
engage: To draw into conversation.
engage: To interact socially.
engage: To attract, to please; (archaic) to fascinate or win over (someone).
engage: To interact antagonistically.
engage: To enter into conflict with (an enemy).
engage: To interact antagonistically.
engage: To enter into battle.
engage: To interact contractually.
engage: To arrange to employ or use (a worker, a space, etc.).
engage: To interact contractually.
engage: To guarantee or promise (to do something).
engage: To interact contractually.
engage: To bind through legal or moral obligation (to do something, especially to marry) (usually in passive).
engage: To interact contractually.
engage: To pledge, pawn (one's property); to put (something) at risk or on the line; to mortgage (houses, land).
engage: To interact mechanically.
engage: To mesh or interlock (of machinery, especially a clutch).
engage: To interact mechanically.
engage: To come into gear with.
engage: To enter into (an activity), to participate (construed with in).
engage: To entangle.
invade: To move into.
invade: To enter by force in order to conquer.
invade: To infest or overrun.
invade: To attack; to infringe; to encroach on; to violate.
invade: To make an unwelcome or uninvited visit or appearance, usually with an intent to cause trouble or some other unpleasant situation.
tannoy: To transmit, or communicate with, by means of a public address system.
gobble: To eat hastily or greedily; to scoff or scarf (often used with up)
gobble: Of a turkey, to make its characteristic vocalisation; also, used of certain other birds.
gobble: To make the sound of a turkey.
soften: To make something soft or softer.
soften: To undermine the morale of someone (often soften up).
soften: To make less harsh
soften: To become soft or softer
soften: To become or make (a consonant) more lenis, to lenite.
soften: To palatalize.
gravel: To apply a layer of gravel to the surface of a road, etc.
gravel: To puzzle or annoy.
gravel: To run (as a ship) upon the gravel or beach; to run aground; to cause to stick fast in gravel or sand.
gravel: To check or stop; to confound; to perplex.
gravel: To hurt or lame (a horse) by gravel lodged between the shoe and foot.
unable: To render unable; to disable.
redrum: To place into new drums (barrels).
becalm: To make calm or still; make quiet; calm.
becalm: To deprive (a ship) of wind, so that it cannot move (usually in passive).
sweets: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweet
prints: third-person singular simple present indicative of print
filthy: To make very dirty; to saturate something with dirt.
filthy: To cover in filth.
primal: To take part in primal therapy.
weaken: To make weaker or less strong.
weaken: To become weaker or less strong.
fiesta: To take part in a festive celebration; to party.
wobble: To move with an uneven or rocking motion, or unsteadily to and fro.
wobble: To tremble or quaver.
wobble: To vacillate in one's opinions.
wobble: To cause to wobble.
dazzle: To confuse the sight of by means of excessive brightness.
dazzle: To render incapable of thinking clearly; to overwhelm with showiness or brilliance.
dazzle: To be overpowered by light; to be confused by excess of brightness.
kiboze: To search the Usenet news for a string, particularly one's name or nickname, especially with the intention of posting a follow-up, as popularized by James "Kibo" Parry.
embalm: To treat a corpse with preservatives in order to prevent decomposition.
embalm: To preserve.
embalm: To perfume or add fragrance to something.
cleave: To split or sever something with, or as if with, a sharp instrument.
cleave: To break a single crystal (such as a gemstone or semiconductor wafer) along one of its more symmetrical crystallographic planes (often by impact), forming facets on the resulting pieces.
cleave: To make or accomplish by or as if by cutting.
cleave: To split (a complex molecule) into simpler molecules.
cleave: To split.
cleave: Of a crystal, to split along a natural plane of division.
cleave: Followed by to or unto: to adhere, cling, or stick fast to something.
impair: To weaken; to affect negatively; to have a diminishing effect on.
impair: To grow worse; to deteriorate.
me too: To agree with someone.
tarmac: To pave with tarmacadam or a similar material.
tarmac: To spend time idling on a runway, usually waiting for takeoff clearance.
fusion: to combine; to fuse
devote: to give one's time, focus one's efforts, commit oneself, etc. entirely for, on, or to a certain matter
devote: to consign over; to doom
devote: to execrate; to curse
baffle: To bewilder completely; to confuse or perplex.
baffle: To struggle in vain.
baffle: To foil; to thwart.
baffle: To publicly disgrace, especially of a recreant knight.
baffle: To hoodwink or deceive (someone).
piddle: Often followed by about or around: to act or work ineffectually and wastefully.
piddle: Synonym of peck: to attack or eat with a beak.
piddle: Synonym of nibble: to pick at or toy with one's food, to eat slowly or insubstantially.
piddle: To urinate.
monger: To sell or peddle something
monger: To promote something undesirable.
devour: To eat quickly, greedily, hungrily, or ravenously.
devour: To rapidly destroy, engulf, or lay waste.
devour: To take in avidly with the intellect or with one's gaze.
devour: To absorb or engross the mind fully, especially in a destructive manner.
pouffe: Alternative form of pouf
gin up: To generate, devise, or create.
gin up: To set up a snare.
gin up: To exaggerate.
gin up: To stir up, stimulate, enliven, incite.
gin up: To make drunk, especially on gin.
squint: To look with the eyes partly closed, as in bright sunlight, or as a threatening expression.
squint: To look or glance sideways.
squint: To look with, or have eyes that are turned in different directions; to suffer from strabismus.
squint: To have an indirect bearing, reference, or implication; to have an allusion to, or inclination towards, something.
squint: To be not quite straight, off-centred; to deviate from a true line; to run obliquely.
squint: To turn to an oblique position; to direct obliquely.
upsert: To insert rows into a database table if they do not already exist, or update them if they do.
rocket: To accelerate swiftly and powerfully.
rocket: To fly vertically.
rocket: To rise or soar rapidly.
rocket: To experience sudden fame, popularity, or success.
rocket: To carry something in a rocket.
rocket: To attack something with rockets.
dishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dish
tanker: To transport (oil, etc.) in a tanker.
tanker: To carry more fuel than necessary for a flight, in order to avoid having to refuel at a destination where fuel is more expensive or in short supply.
volley: To fire a volley of shots
volley: To hit the ball before it touches the ground
volley: To be fired in a volley
volley: To make a volley
volley: To sound together
endear: To make (something) more precious or valuable.
endear: To make (something) more expensive; to increase the cost of.
endear: To stress (something) as important; to exaggerate.
endear: To make (someone) dear or precious.
insist: (with on or upon or (that + ordinary verb form)) To hold up a claim emphatically.
insist: To hold up a claim emphatically.
insist: (sometimes with on or upon or (that + subjunctive)) To demand continually that something happen or be done; to reiterate a demand despite requests to abandon it.
insist: To demand continually that something happen or be done; to reiterate a demand despite requests to abandon it.
insist: To stand (on); to rest (upon); to lean (upon).
snorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of snort
billet: To lodge soldiers, or guests, usually by order.
billet: To lodge, or be quartered, in a private house.
billet: To direct, by a ticket or note, where to lodge.
thwart: To cause to fail; to frustrate, to prevent.
thwart: To place (something) across (another thing); to position crosswise.
thwart: To hinder or obstruct by placing (something) in the way of; to block, to impede, to oppose.
thwart: To move (something) across or counter to; to cross.
preach: To give a sermon.
preach: To proclaim by public discourse; to utter in a sermon or a formal religious harangue.
preach: To advise or recommend earnestly.
preach: To teach or instruct by preaching; to inform by preaching.
preach: To give advice in an offensive or obtrusive manner.
exhort: To urge; to advise earnestly.
defame: To disgrace; to bring into disrepute.
defame: To charge; to accuse (someone) of an offence.
defame: To harm or diminish the reputation of; to disparage.
revamp: To improve, renew, renovate, or revise (something).
mining: present participle and gerund of mine
Easter: To celebrate Easter.
Easter: To spend the Easter season in some place.
pommel: To pound or beat.
crotch: To provide with a crotch; to give the form of a crotch to.
crotch: To notch (a log) on opposite sides to provide a grip for the dogs that will haul it.
crotch: To shoplift or smuggle by hiding between one's thighs or in one's underwear.
crotch: To hit in the crotch (genital region).
crotch: To secure (the boom) to the boom crotch (a forked pole).
crotch: To hang (a rope) over a crotch in a tree so that the ends hang down from opposite sides.
crotch: To remove overgrown wool from around the eyes of.
suborn: To induce (someone) to commit an unlawful or malicious act, especially in a corrupt manner.
suborn: To induce (someone) to commit an unlawful or malicious act, especially in a corrupt manner.
suborn: To induce (someone, such as a witness) to commit perjury, for example by making a false accusation or giving false evidence.
suborn: To achieve (some result; specifically, perjury) in a corrupt manner.
suborn: To procure or provide (something) secretly and often in a dishonest manner.
suborn: To make use of (something), especially for corrupt or dishonest reasons.
suborn: To aid, assist, or support (something).
suborn: To furnish or provide (something).
suborn: To substitute (a thing) for something else, especially secretly and often in a dishonest manner.
marked: simple past and past participle of mark
oblige: To constrain someone by force or by social, moral or legal means.
oblige: To do (someone) a service or favour (hence, originally, creating an obligation).
oblige: To be indebted to someone.
obsess: To be preoccupied with a single topic or emotion.
obsess: To dominate the thoughts of someone.
obsess: To think or talk obsessively about.
sermon: To discourse to or of, as in a sermon.
sermon: To tutor; to lecture.
herald: To proclaim or announce an event.
herald: To greet something with excitement; to hail.
recoil: To pull back, especially in disgust, horror or astonishment.
recoil: To retreat before an opponent.
recoil: To retire, withdraw.
recoil: To quickly push back when fired
fumble: To handle nervously or awkwardly.
fumble: To grope awkwardly in trying to find something
fumble: To blunder uncertainly.
fumble: To grope about in perplexity; to seek awkwardly.
fumble: To drop a ball or a baton etc. by accident.
fumble: To handle much; to play childishly; to turn over and over.
fumble: Of a man, to sexually underperform.
yiffed: simple past and past participle of yiff
caster: To act as a caster
twitch: To perform a twitch; spasm.
twitch: To cause to twitch; spasm.
twitch: To jerk sharply and briefly.
twitch: To exert oneself.
twitch: To spot or seek out a bird, especially a rare one.
hobble: To fetter by tying the legs; to restrict (a horse) with hobbles.
hobble: To walk lame, or unevenly.
hobble: To move roughly or irregularly.
hobble: To perplex; to embarrass.
tussle: To have a tussle.
pestle: To pound, crush, rub or grind, as in a mortar with a pestle.
hondel: To bargain; to haggle.
gutter: To flow or stream; to form gutters.
gutter: To melt away by having the molten wax run down along the side of the candle.
gutter: To flicker as if about to be extinguished.
gutter: To send (a bowling ball) into the gutter, not hitting any pins.
gutter: To supply with a gutter or gutters.
gutter: To cut or form into small longitudinal hollows; to channel.
gutter: To make worse; to show emphasis that something has gotten worse.
prefer: To be in the habit of choosing something rather than something else; to favor; to like better.
prefer: To advance, promote (someone or something).
prefer: To present or submit (something) to an authority (now usually in "to prefer charges").
prefer: To put forward for acceptance; to introduce, recommend (to).
ramrod: To force.
thrash: To beat mercilessly.
thrash: To defeat utterly.
thrash: To thresh.
thrash: To move about wildly or violently; to flail; to labour.
thrash: To extensively test a software system, giving a program various inputs and observing the behavior and outputs that result.
thrash: In computer architecture, to cause or undergo poor performance of a virtual memory (or paging) system.
fester: To become septic; to become rotten.
fester: To worsen, especially due to lack of attention.
fester: To cause to fester or rankle.
onward: To keep going; to progress or persevere.
onward: To pass (something) onward; to forward.
outcry: To cry out.
outcry: To cry louder than.
own up: to acknowledge, confess, or admit guilt or responsibility. Often used with to.
winged: simple past and past participle of wing
winged: simple past and past participle of winge
outing: present participle and gerund of out
campus: To confine (a student) to campus as a punishment.
campus: To use a campus board, or to climb without feet as one would on a campus board.
occupy: To take or use.
occupy: To fill.
occupy: To take or use.
occupy: To possess or use the time or capacity of; to engage the service of.
occupy: To take or use.
occupy: To fill or hold (an official position or role).
occupy: To take or use.
occupy: To hold the attention of.
occupy: To take or use space.
occupy: To fill space.
occupy: To take or use space.
occupy: To live or reside in.
occupy: To take or use space.
occupy: To have, or to have taken, possession or control of (a territory).
occupy: To take or use space.
occupy: To place the theodolite or total station at (a point).
occupy: To have sexual intercourse with.
occupy: To do business in; to busy oneself with.
occupy: To use; to expend; to make use of.
outlay: To lay or spread out; expose; display.
outlay: To spend, or distribute money.
outset: To cause (a design element) to extend around the outside of something else, the opposite of being inset.
ornate: To adorn or honour (someone or something).
oracle: To utter oracles or prophecies.
convey: To move (something) from one place to another.
convey: To take or carry (someone) from one place to another.
convey: To communicate; to make known; to portray.
convey: To transfer legal rights (to).
convey: To manage with privacy; to carry out.
convey: To carry or take away secretly; to steal; to thieve.
minnow: To fish for minnows (noun sense 1 and subsenses).
minnow: To fish, especially for trout, using minnows as bait.
trough: To eat in a vulgar style, as if from a trough.
retort: To say something sharp or witty in answer to a remark or accusation.
retort: To make a remark which reverses an argument upon its originator; to return, as an argument, accusation, censure, or incivility.
retort: To bend or curve back.
retort: To throw back; to reverberate; to reflect.
retort: To heat in a retort.
tassel: To adorn with tassels.
tassel: To put forth a tassel or flower.
halves: third-person singular simple present indicative of halve
assign: To designate or set apart (something) for some purpose.
assign: To appoint or select (someone) for some office.
assign: To allot or give (something) as a task.
assign: To attribute or sort (something) into categories.
assign: To attribute or sort (something) into categories.
assign: To categorize (someone) as belonging to the male or female sex.
assign: To transfer (property, a legal right, etc.) from one person to another.
assign: To give (a value) to a variable.
waggle: To move (something) with short, quick motions; to wobble.
waggle: To reel, sway, or move from side to side; to move with a wagging motion; to waddle.
muffle: To wrap (a person, face etc.) in fabric or another covering, for warmth or protection; often with up.
muffle: To wrap up or cover (a source of noise) in order to deaden the sound.
muffle: To mute or deaden (a sound etc.).
muffle: To speak indistinctly, or without clear articulation.
muffle: To prevent seeing, or hearing, or speaking, by wraps bound about the head; to blindfold; to deafen.
waddle: To walk with short steps, tilting the body from side to side.
waddle: To move slowly.
kipper: To prepare (a herring or similar fish) by splitting, salting, and smoking.
kipper: To damage or treat with smoke.
kipper: To dry out with heat or harsh chemicals; to desiccate.
kipper: To drink or give a drink of alcohol, especially to intoxication.
kipper: To punish by spanking or caning.
kipper: To lead astray or frame; to cause to get into trouble.
kipper: To utterly defeat or humiliate.
fanned: simple past and past participle of fan
fanned: Baseball, to have struck out.
warden: To carry out the duties of a warden.
kidnap: To seize or detain a person unlawfully and move or conceal them; sometimes for ransom.
one-up: Alternative form of one up
posted: simple past and past participle of post
behave: To conduct (oneself) well, or in a given way.
behave: To act, conduct oneself in a specific manner; used with an adverbial of manner.
behave: To conduct, manage, regulate (something).
behave: To act in a polite or proper way.
banter: To engage in banter or playful conversation.
banter: To play or do something amusing.
banter: To tease (someone) mildly.
banter: To joke about; to ridicule (a trait, habit, etc.).
banter: To delude or trick; to play a prank upon.
banter: To challenge to a match.
banter: To haggle; cheapen the price.
wasted: simple past and past participle of waste
one up: To outdo, to perform something slightly better than a competitor's prior effort.
get it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, it.
get it: To understand something, to catch on.
get it: To get what's coming to one: to feel someone's wrath; to receive punishment; to receive a retaliation; to receive a beating.
get it: To have sex, especially referring to its possibility or eventuality.
deburr: To remove burrs from (a workpiece).
deburr: To remove debris from (raw wool).
stumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of stump
decamp: To break up camp and move on.
decamp: To disappear suddenly and secretly.
decamp: To debark, to disembark.
ferule: To punish with a ferule.
fed up: simple past and past participle of feed up
reject: To refuse to accept.
reject: To block a shot, especially if it sends the ball off the court.
reject: To refuse a romantic advance.
webbed: simple past and past participle of web
insert: To put in between or into.
topple: To push or throw over.
topple: To overturn.
topple: To overthrow something.
topple: To totter and fall, or to lean as if about to do so.
repast: To supply (an animal or person) with food; to feed.
repast: To provide (a person) with intellectual or spiritual nourishment; to enlighten, to feed.
repast: To refresh (oneself or someone) through eating and drinking.
repast: Usually followed by on or upon: to take food and drink; to feast, to feed.
streak: To have or obtain streaks.
streak: To run quickly.
streak: To run naked in public.
streak: To move very swiftly.
streak: To create streaks upon.
streak: To stretch; to extend; hence, to lay out, as a dead body.
ascend: To move upward, to fly, to soar.
ascend: To slope in an upward direction.
ascend: To go up.
ascend: To succeed a ruler on (the throne).
ascend: To rise; to become higher, more noble, etc.
ascend: To trace, search or go backwards temporally (e.g., through records, genealogies, routes, etc.).
ascend: To become higher in pitch.
ascend: To lose one's virginity, especially of a man through unpaid and consensual sexual intercourse with a woman.
revoke: To cancel or invalidate by withdrawing or reversing.
revoke: To fail to follow suit in a game of cards when holding a card in that suit.
revoke: To call or bring back.
revoke: To hold back.
revoke: To move (something) back or away.
revoke: To call back to mind.
lesson: To instruct to teach.
lesson: To give a lesson to; to teach.
haired: simple past and past participle of hair
whimsy: To fill with whimsies or whims; to make fantastic; to craze.
purify: To cleanse, or rid of impurities.
purify: To free from guilt or sin.
purify: To become pure.
concur: To agree (in action or opinion); to have a common opinion; to coincide; to correspond.
concur: To meet in the same point; to combine or conjoin; to contribute or help towards a common object or effect.
concur: To run together; to meet.
concur: To converge.
fettle: To sort out, to fix, to mend, to repair.
fettle: To make preparations; to put things in order; to do trifling business.
fettle: To line the hearth of a furnace with sand prior to pouring molten metal.
fettle: To be upset or in a bad mood.
fettle: In ceramics, to remove (as by sanding) the seam lines left by the meeting of two molds.
fettle: To prepare.
act up: To misbehave; to cause trouble.
act up: To perform the duties of an appointment senior to that actually held; to deputise for a superior.
stance: To place, to position, to station; (specifically) to put (cattle) into an enclosure or pen in preparation for sale.
unsaid: simple past and past participle of unsay
demote: To lower the rank or status of.
demote: To relegate.
instar: To stud or adorn with stars or other brilliants; to star.
instar: To make a star of; set as a star.
linger: To stay or remain in a place or situation, especially as if unwilling to depart or not easily able to do so.
linger: To remain alive or existent although still proceeding toward death or extinction; to die gradually.
linger: To consider or contemplate for a period of time; to engage in analytic thinking or discussion.
backup: Alternative form of back up
eating: present participle and gerund of eat
reform: To put into a new and improved form or condition; to restore to a former good state, or bring from bad to good; to change from worse to better.
reform: To return to a good state; to amend or correct one's own character or habits.
reform: To form again or in a new configuration.
dangle: To hang loosely with the ability to swing.
dangle: The action of performing a move or deke with the puck in order to get past a defender or goalie; perhaps because of the resemblance to dangling the puck on a string.
dangle: To hang or trail something loosely.
dangle: To put forth as a possibility.
dangle: To trail or follow around.
dangle: Of a patient: to be positioned with the legs hanging over the edge of the bed.
dangle: To position (a patient) in this way.
waning: present participle and gerund of wane
grocer: To sell groceries; to act as a grocer.
subdue: To overcome, quieten, or bring under control.
subdue: To bring (a country) under control by force.
whinny: To make a gentle neigh.
rafter: To make (timber, etc.) into rafters.
rafter: To furnish (a building) with rafters.
rafter: To plough so as to turn the grass side of each furrow upon an unploughed ridge; to ridge.
dilute: To make thinner by adding solvent to a solution, especially by adding water.
dilute: To weaken, especially by adding a foreign substance.
dilute: To cause the value of individual shares or the stake of a shareholder to decrease by increasing the total number of shares.
dilute: To become attenuated, thin, or weak.
impend: To hang or be suspended over (something); to overhang.
impend: To hang over (someone) as a threat or danger.
impend: To threaten to happen; to be about to happen, to be imminent.
impend: To pay.
bustle: To move busily and energetically with fussiness (often followed by about).
bustle: To teem or abound (usually followed by with); to exhibit an energetic and active abundance (of a thing).
bustle: To push around, to importune.
Windex: To clean (a glass surface) using a cleaning product of this kind.
winder: To fan; to clean grain with a fan.
whiten: (To cause) to become white or whiter; to bleach or blanch.
bedaub: To smear upon; to soil.
bedaub: To ornament garishly; to overdecorate.
defrag: Clipping of defragment.
willow: To open and cleanse (cotton, flax, wool, etc.) by means of a willow.
willow: To form a shape or move in a way similar to the long, slender branches of a willow.
denote: To indicate; to mark.
denote: To make overt.
denote: To refer to literally; to convey as meaning.
huddle: To crowd together.
huddle: To curl one's legs up to the chest and keep one's arms close to the torso; to crouch; to assume a position similar to that of an embryo in the womb.
huddle: To get together and discuss a topic.
huddle: To form a huddle.
huddle: To crowd (things) together; to mingle confusedly; to assemble without order or system.
huddle: To do, make, or put, in haste or roughly; hence, to do imperfectly; usually with a following preposition or adverb (huddle on, huddle up, huddle together).
huddle: To hesitate during play while thinking about one's next move.
detach: To take apart from; to take off.
detach: To separate for a special object or use.
detach: To come off something.
cosset: To treat like a pet; to overly indulge.
cosset: To fondle; to touch or stroke lovingly.
cosset: To benefit; to make life easy for.
tremor: To shake or quiver excessively and rapidly or involuntarily; to tremble.
wooded: simple past and past participle of wood
sledge: To hit with a sledgehammer.
sledge: To drag or draw a sledge.
sledge: To ride, travel with or transport in a sledge.
sledge: To verbally insult or abuse an opponent in order to distract them (considered unsportsmanlike).
nicher: Alternative form of nicker (“to neigh”)
detect: To discover or find by careful search, examination, or probing.
detect: To work or solve cases as a detective.
deride: To harshly mock; ridicule.
parley: To have a discussion, especially one between enemies.
remedy: To provide or serve as a remedy for.
rattle: To create a rattling sound by shaking or striking.
rattle: To scare, startle, unsettle, or unnerve.
rattle: To make a rattling noise; to make noise by or from shaking.
rattle: To assail, annoy, or stun with a rattling noise.
rattle: To scold; to rail at.
rattle: To drive or ride briskly, so as to make a clattering.
rattle: To make a clatter with one's voice; to talk rapidly and idly; often with on or away.
rattle: To experience withdrawal from drugs.
napalm: To spray or attack with napalm.
hanged: simple past and past participle of hang (now only when referring to the method of execution)
trudge: To walk wearily with heavy, slow steps.
trudge: To trudge along or over a route etc.
grovel: To be prone on the ground.
grovel: To crawl.
grovel: To abase oneself before another person.
grovel: To be slavishly nice to someone or apologize in the hope of securing something.
grovel: To take pleasure in mundane activities.
gifted: simple past and past participle of gift
entomb: To deposit in a tomb.
entomb: To confine in restrictive surroundings.
wiring: present participle and gerund of wire
wretch: Misspelling of retch.
losing: present participle and gerund of lose
inform: To instruct, train (usually in matters of knowledge).
inform: To communicate knowledge to.
inform: To impart information or knowledge.
inform: To act as an informer; denounce.
inform: To give form or character to; to inspire (with a given quality); to affect, influence (with a pervading principle, idea etc.).
inform: To make known, wisely and/or knowledgeably.
inform: To direct, guide.
inform: To take form; to become visible or manifest; to appear.
legged: simple past and past participle of leg
veined: simple past and past participle of vein
wither: To shrivel, droop or dry up, especially from lack of water.
wither: To cause to shrivel or dry up.
wither: To lose vigour or power; to languish; to pass away.
wither: To become helpless due to emotion.
wither: To make helpless due to emotion.
wither: To go against, resist; oppose.
poster: To decorate with posters.
versed: past of verse
squirm: To twist one's body with snakelike motions.
squirm: To twist in discomfort, especially from shame or embarrassment.
squirm: To evade a question, an interviewer etc.
widdle: To urinate.
widdle: To play guitar (especially the electric guitar) quickly.
butler: To buttle, to dispense wines or liquors; to take the place of a butler.
vested: simple past and past participle of vest
recall: To withdraw, retract (one's words etc.); to revoke (an order).
recall: To call back, bring back or summon (someone) to a specific place, station etc.
recall: To remove an elected official through a petition and direct vote.
recall: To bring back (someone) to or from a particular mental or physical state, activity etc.
recall: To call back (a situation, event etc.) to one's mind; to remember, recollect.
recall: To call again, to call another time.
recall: To request or order the return of (a faulty product).
racket: To strike with, or as if with, a racket.
racket: To make a clattering noise.
racket: To be dissipated; to carouse.
wattle: To construct a wattle, or make a construction of wattles.
wattle: To bind with wattles or twigs.
karate: To attack (somebody or something) with karate or similar techniques.
resume: To take back possession of (something).
resume: To summarise.
resume: To start (something) again that has been stopped or paused from the point at which it was stopped or paused; continue, carry on.
resume: To start again after an interruption or pause.
tablet: To form (a drug, etc.) into tablets.
fidget: To wiggle or twitch; to move the body, especially the fingers, around nervously or idly.
fidget: To cause to fidget; to make uneasy.
censor: To review for, and if necessary to remove or suppress, content from books, films, correspondence, and other media which is regarded as objectionable (for example, obscene, likely to incite violence, or sensitive).
finned: simple past and past participle of fin
get in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, in.
get in: To get into or inside something, literally or figuratively.
get in: To enter a place; to gain access.
get in: To secure membership at a selective school.
get in: To be elected to some office.
get in: To become dark earlier as a result of seasonal change; to draw in.
get in: To arrive.
bridle: To put a bridle on.
bridle: To check, restrain, or control with, or as if with, a bridle; as in bridle your tongue.
bridle: To show hostility or resentment.
bridle: To hold up one's head proudly or affectedly.
rising: present participle and gerund of rise
passes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pass
tackle: To force a person to the ground with the weight of one's own body, usually by jumping on top or slamming one's weight into them.
tackle: To face or deal with, attempting to overcome or fight down.
tackle: To attempt to take away a ball.
tackle: To bring a ball carrier to the ground.
tackle: To "hit on" or pursue a person that one is interested in.
glance: To turn (one's eyes or look) at something, often briefly.
glance: To look briefly at (something).
glance: To cause (light) to gleam or sparkle.
glance: To cause (something) to move obliquely.
glance: To hit (a ball) lightly, causing it to move in another direction.
glance: To cause (something) to move obliquely.
glance: To hit (a ball) with a bat held in a slanted manner; also, to play such a stroke against (the bowler).
glance: To communicate (something) using the eyes.
glance: To touch (something) lightly or obliquely; to graze.
glance: To make an incidental or passing reflection, often unfavourably, on (a topic); also, to make (an incidental or passing reflection, often unfavourable).
glance: To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside.
glance: To hit a ball with a bat held in a slanted manner.
glance: To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside.
glance: Of certain juvenile fish, chiefly of the Cichlidae family: to rapidly touch the side of its parent's body, usually to feed on mucus.
glance: Of light, etc.: to gleam, to sparkle.
glance: Of a thing: to move in a way that catches light, and flash or glitter.
glance: Often followed by at: of the eyes or a person: to look briefly.
glance: Often followed by at: of a topic: to make an incidental or passing reflection on, often unfavourably; to allude to; to hint at.
glance: Followed by by: to pass near without coming into contact.
glance: To move quickly; to dart, to shoot.
potion: To drug (someone).
errors: third-person singular simple present indicative of error
effing: present participle and gerund of eff
assess: To determine, estimate or judge the value of; to evaluate
assess: To impose or charge, especially as punishment for an infraction.
assess: To calculate and demand (the tax money due) from a person or entity.
jostle: To bump into or brush against while in motion; to push aside.
jostle: To move through by pushing and shoving.
jostle: To be close to or in physical contact with.
jostle: To contend or vie in order to acquire something.
jostle: To pick or attempt to pick pockets.
OD'ing: present participle and gerund of OD
fraise: To put in danger, in terror, or at risk.
fraise: To protect, as a line of troops, against an onset of cavalry, by opposing bayonets raised obliquely forward.
shvitz: To sweat.
boding: present participle and gerund of bode
doddle: To dodder.
doddle: Misspelling of dawdle.
liking: present participle and gerund of like
submit: To yield or give way to another.
submit: To yield (something) to another, as when defeated.
submit: To enter or put forward for approval, consideration, marking etc.
submit: To subject; to put through a process.
submit: To win a fight against (an opponent) by submission.
submit: To let down; to lower.
submit: To put or place under.
trunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of trunk
heckle: To question harshly in an attempt to find or reveal weaknesses.
heckle: To insult, tease, make fun of or badger, especially during a comedy performance.
heckle: To prepare flax for spinning using special combs called hackles
defile: To make (someone or something) physically dirty or unclean; to befoul, to soil.
defile: To make (someone or something) morally impure or unclean; to corrupt, to tarnish.
defile: To act inappropriately towards or vandalize (something sacred or special); to desecrate, to profane.
defile: To cause (something or someone) to become ritually unclean.
defile: To deprive (someone) of their sexual chastity or purity, often not consensually; to deflower, to rape.
defile: To dishonour (someone).
defile: To become dirty or unclean.
defile: To cause uncleanliness; specifically, to pass feces; to defecate.
defile: To march in a single file or line; to file.
defile: To march across (a place) in files or lines.
defile: Synonym of defilade (“to fortify (something) as a protection from enfilading fire”)
piston: To move up and down or in and out like a piston.
uncoil: To unwind or untwist (something).
uncoil: To unwind or untwist oneself.
shelve: To place on a shelf.
shelve: To set aside; to quit or postpone.
shelve: To furnish with shelves.
shelve: To take (drugs) by anal or vaginal insertion.
shelve: To have sex with.
shelve: To slope; to incline; to form into shelves.
undyed: simple past and past participle of undye
repose: To lie at rest; to rest.
repose: To lie; to be supported.
repose: To lay, to set down.
repose: To place, have, or rest; to set; to entrust.
repose: To compose; to make tranquil.
repose: To reside in something.
repose: To remain or abide restfully without anxiety or alarms.
repose: To die, especially of a saint.
repose: To pose again.
ratify: To give formal consent to; make officially valid, sign off on.
feddle: To fiddle (play the fiddle).
feddle: To fuss over.
feddle: To fiddle or fidget.
tiring: present participle and gerund of tire
mutiny: To commit a mutiny.
coerce: To restrain by force, especially by law or authority; to repress; to curb.
coerce: To use force, threat, fraud, or intimidation in an attempt to compel one to act against their will.
coerce: To force an attribute, normally of a data type, to take on the attribute of another data type.
jumper: To connect with an electrical jumper.
lector: To do a voice-over translation of a film.
manned: simple past and past participle of man
retain: Often followed by from: to hold back (someone or something); to check, to prevent, to restrain, to stop.
retain: Often followed by from: to hold back (someone or something); to check, to prevent, to restrain, to stop.
retain: To hold back (a pupil) instead of allowing them to advance to the next class or year; to keep back.
retain: Of a thing: to hold or keep (something) inside it; to contain.
retain: Of a thing: to hold or keep (something) inside it; to contain.
retain: To hold back (tissue or a substance, especially urine) in the body or a body organ.
retain: To hold (something) secure; to prevent (something) from becoming detached or separated.
retain: To keep (something) in control or possession; to continue having (something); to keep back.
retain: To keep (something) in control or possession; to continue having (something); to keep back.
retain: To keep (something) in the mind; to recall, to remember.
retain: To keep (something) in place or use, instead of removing or abolishing it; to preserve.
retain: To engage or hire (someone), especially temporarily.
retain: To engage or hire (someone), especially temporarily.
retain: To employ (someone, especially a lawyer) by paying a retainer (“fee one pays to reserve another person's time for services”); specifically, to engage (a barrister) by making an initial payment to secure their services if needed.
retain: To keep (someone) in one's pay or service; also, (chiefly historical) to maintain (someone) as a dependent or follower.
retain: To control or restrain (oneself); to exercise self-control over (oneself).
retain: To keep (someone) in custody; to prevent (someone) from leaving.
retain: To declare (a sin) not forgiven.
retain: To keep in control or possession; to continue having.
retain: To have the ability to keep something in the mind; to use the memory.
retain: Of a body or body organ: to hold back tissue or a substance.
retain: To refrain from doing something.
retain: To be a dependent or follower to someone.
retain: To continue, to remain.
picnic: To take part in a picnic.
let on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see let, on.
let on: to reveal or indicate, especially unintentionally or against one's wishes
unlock: To undo or open a lock or something locked by, for example, turning a key, or selecting a combination.
unlock: To obtain access to something; to meet the requirements of a security or protection system.
unlock: To configure (a mobile phone) so that it is not bound to any particular carrier.
unlock: To disclose or reveal previously unknown knowledge or potential.
unlock: To be or become unfastened or unrestrained.
unlock: To make available.
unlock: To undermine something that has control over a situation; to find a way to counter or oppose.
peddle: To sell things, especially door to door or in insignificant quantities.
peddle: To sell illegal narcotics.
peddle: To spread or cause to spread.
ravish: To seize and carry away by violence; to snatch by force.
ravish: To transport with joy or delight; to delight to ecstasy.
ravish: To rape.
ravish: To have vigorous sexual intercourse with.
behest: To promise; vow.
recess: To position (something) a distance behind another thing; to set back.
recess: To make a recess (noun sense 1 and sense 1.1) in (something).
recess: Often preceded by in or into: to inset (something) into a recess or niche.
recess: To conceal, to hide.
recess: To temporarily suspend (a meeting, the proceedings of an official body, etc.).
recess: To make a recess appointment in respect of (someone).
recess: Of a meeting, the proceedings of an official body, etc.: to adjourn, to take a break.
recess: Of an official body: to suspend proceedings for a period of time.
canter: To move at such pace.
canter: To cause to move at a canter; to ride (a horse) at a canter.
judges: third-person singular simple present indicative of judge
metres: third-person singular simple present indicative of metre
dawdle: Chiefly followed by away: to spend (time) without haste or purpose.
dawdle: To spend time idly and unfruitfully; to waste time.
dawdle: To move or walk lackadaisically.
get on: To board or mount (something), especially a vehicle.
get on: To handle, cope or manage (over time); to perform or make progress.
get on: To progress (with).
get on: To become late.
get on: To become old.
get on: To have a good relationship; to get along.
get on: To commence (an action).
dining: present participle and gerund of dine
grouch: To be grumpy or irritable; to complain.
tanned: simple past and past participle of tan
soiled: simple past and past participle of soil
dolven: past participle of delve
curved: simple past and past participle of curve
ignite: to set fire to (something), to light (something)
ignite: to spark off (something), to trigger
ignite: to commence burning.
ignite: To subject to the action of intense heat; to heat strongly; often said of incombustible or infusible substances.
secede: To split from or to withdraw from membership of a political union, an alliance or an organisation.
secede: To split or to withdraw one or more constituent entities from membership of a political union, an alliance or an organisation.
sonnet: To compose sonnets.
sonnet: To celebrate in sonnets; to write a sonnet about.
craven: To make craven.
hop it: To leave; to go away.
sunder: To break or separate or to break apart, especially with force.
sunder: To part, separate.
sunder: To expose to the sun and wind.
thinko: To make a mistake when thinking.
eroded: simple past and past participle of erode
medley: To combine, to form a medley.
shimmy: To perform a shimmy (dance movement involving thrusting the shoulders back and forth alternately).
shimmy: To climb something (e.g. a pole) gradually (e.g. using alternately one's arms then one's legs).
shimmy: To vibrate abnormally, as a broken wheel.
shimmy: To shake the body as if dancing the shimmy.
shimmy: To move across a narrow ledge, either by hanging from it or by strafing on it along the wall.
survey: To inspect, or take a view of; to view with attention, as from a high place; to overlook
survey: To view with a scrutinizing eye; to examine.
survey: To examine with reference to condition, situation, value, etc.; to examine and ascertain the state of
survey: To determine the form, extent, position, etc., of, as a tract of land, a coast, harbor, or the like, by means of linear and angular measurements, and the application of the principles of geometry and trigonometry
survey: To examine and ascertain, as the boundaries and royalties of a manor, the tenure of the tenants, and the rent and value of the same.
survey: To investigate the opinions, experiences, etc., of people by asking them questions; to conduct a survey; to administer a questionnaire.
blazed: simple past and past participle of blaze
cop on: To stop behaving immaturely; behave, grow up.
cop on: To come to understand; twig, cotton on.
shorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of short
garage: To store in a garage.
deputy: to deputise
crayon: To draw with a crayon.
shrill: To make a shrill noise.
whinge: To whine; to complain, especially in an annoying or persistent manner.
scroll: To change one's view of data on a computer's display by moving in gradual increments, typically using a scroll bar or a scroll wheel.
scroll: To move in or out of view horizontally or vertically.
scroll: To flood a chat system with numerous lines of text, causing legitimate messages to scroll out of view before they can be read.
govorn: Misspelling of govern.
ranked: simple past and past participle of rank
malign: To make defamatory statements about; to slander or traduce.
malign: To treat with malice; to show hatred toward; to abuse; to wrong.
upkeep: To maintain (something) or keep it in good repair.
pierce: To puncture; to break through.
pierce: To create a hole in the skin for the purpose of inserting jewelry.
pierce: to break or interrupt abruptly
pierce: To get to the heart or crux of (a matter).
pierce: To penetrate; to affect deeply.
ormolu: To decorate with gilded ormolu articles.
frenzy: To render frantic.
frenzy: To exhibit a frenzy, such as a feeding frenzy.
sample: To take or to test a sample or samples of.
sample: To reduce a continuous signal (such as a sound wave) to a discrete signal.
sample: To reuse a portion of (an existing sound recording) in a new piece of music.
sample: To make or show something similar to a sample.
thwack: To hit (someone or something) hard, especially with a flat implement or a stick; to thrash, to whack.
thwack: To drive or force (someone or something) by, or as if by, beating or hitting; to knock.
thwack: To pack (people or things) closely together; to cram.
thwack: To decisively defeat (someone) in a contest; to beat, to thrash.
thwack: To crowd or pack (a place or thing) with people, objects, etc.
thwack: To fall down hard with a thump.
thwack: To be crammed or filled full.
thwack: Of people: to crowd or pack a place.
byline: To provide (an article) with a byline.
mumble: To speak unintelligibly or inaudibly; to fail to articulate.
mumble: To chew something gently with closed lips.
impede: To get in the way of; to hinder.
seeing: present participle and gerund of see
biased: simple past and past participle of bias
stupor: To place into a stupor; to stupefy.
hoping: present participle and gerund of hope
misuse: To use (something) incorrectly.
misuse: To abuse or mistreat (something or someone).
misuse: To rape (a woman); later more generally, to sexually abuse (someone).
misuse: To abuse verbally, to insult.
induce: To lead by persuasion or influence; incite or prevail upon.
induce: To cause, bring about, lead to.
induce: To induce the labour of (a pregnant woman).
induce: To cause or produce (electric current or a magnetic state) by a physical process of induction.
induce: To infer by induction.
induce: To lead in, bring in, introduce.
induce: To draw on, place upon.
dating: present participle and gerund of date
mishap: To happen through misfortune; to mishappen.
hassle: To trouble, to bother, to annoy.
hassle: To pick a fight or start an argument with.
hassle: To engage in a mock dogfight.
set up: To ready for use.
set up: To arrange logically.
set up: To cause to happen.
set up: To trap or ensnare.
set up: To arrange for an outcome; to tamper or rig.
set up: To ready something for use.
set up: To gel or harden.
set up: To level to rise in one part of a body of water, especially a shallow one, because of a storm surge caused by persistent wind.
set up: To provide the money or other support that someone needs for an important task or activity.
set up: To establish someone in a business or position.
set up: To trick or lure (someone) in order to entrap them; to frame.
set up: To make (someone) proud or conceited (often in passive).
set up: To matchmake; to arrange a date between two people.
set up: To create a goalscoring opportunity (for).
set up: To begin business or a scheme of life.
set up: To profess openly; to make pretensions.
set up: To found; to start (a business, scheme)
set up: To deceive an opponent and capitalize on their reactions with a certain technique or maneuver.
set up: To cause to take flight; to flush into the air.
turban: To cover (a person's head) with a turban.
tipple: To sell alcoholic liquor by retail.
tipple: To drink too much alcohol.
tipple: To drink alcohol regularly or habitually, but not to excess.
tipple: To put up (hay, etc.) in bundles in order to dry it.
tipple: To fall over; to topple.
cringe: To cower, flinch, recoil, shrink, or tense, as in disgust, embarrassment, or fear.
cringe: To experience an inward feeling of disgust, embarrassment, or fear; (by extension) to feel very embarrassed.
cringe: To bow or crouch in servility.
cringe: To act in an obsequious or servile manner.
cringe: To draw (a body part) close to the body; also, to distort or wrinkle (the face, etc.).
cringe: To bow or crouch to (someone) in servility; to escort (someone) in a cringing manner.
script: To make or write a script.
script: To devise, concoct, or contrive.
themes: third-person singular simple present indicative of theme
sizzle: To make the sound of water boiling on a hot surface.
sizzle: To cook (something) in a manner which causes that sound.
sizzle: To be exciting or dazzling.
ballot: To vote or decide by ballot.
ballot: To draw lots.
ballot: To invite to vote on a proposal.
bidden: past participle of bid
bidden: past participle of bide
summit: To reach the summit (noun sense 1.1) of (a mountain).
summit: To reach the summit of a mountain.
summit: To attend a summit (noun sense 2.2.2).
snooze: To sleep, especially briefly; to nap, doze.
snooze: To pause; to postpone for a short while.
coiled: simple past and past participle of coil
tenant: To hold as, or be, a tenant.
tenant: To inhabit.
budget: To construct or draw up a budget.
budget: To provide funds, allow for in a budget.
budget: To plan for the use of in a budget.
loving: present participle and gerund of love
adjoin: To be in contact or connection with.
adjoin: To extend an algebraic object (e.g. a field, a ring, etc.) by adding to it (an element not belonging to it) and all finite power series of (the element).
uneven: To make uneven.
picked: simple past and past participle of pick
header: To strike (a ball) with one's head.
glower: To look or stare with anger.
rotate: To spin, turn, or revolve.
rotate: To advance through a sequence; to take turns.
rotate: To lift the nose during takeoff, just prior to liftoff.
rotate: To spin, turn, or revolve something.
rotate: To advance something through a sequence; to allocate or deploy in turns.
rotate: To replace older materials or to place older materials in front of newer ones so that older ones get used first.
rotate: To grow or plant (crops) in a certain order.
stayed: simple past and past participle of stay
deject: Make sad or dispirited.
deject: To cast downward.
deject: To debase or humble.
staffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of staff
landed: simple past and past participle of land
stages: third-person singular simple present indicative of stage
tinder: To set fire to; torch.
saints: third-person singular simple present indicative of saint
mighta: Pronunciation spelling of might've, might have.
unfair: to make ugly
pounce: To sprinkle or rub with pounce powder.
pounce: To leap into the air intending to seize someone or something.
pounce: To attack suddenly by leaping.
pounce: To eagerly seize an opportunity.
pounce: To strike or seize with the talons; to pierce, as with the talons.
pounce: To stamp holes in; to perforate.
bungee: To bungee jump
temper: To moderate or control.
temper: To strengthen or toughen a material, especially metal, by heat treatment; anneal.
temper: To adjust the temperature of an ingredient (e.g. eggs or chocolate) gradually so that it remains smooth and pleasing.
temper: To sauté spices in ghee or oil to release essential oils for flavouring a dish in South Asian cuisine.
temper: To mix clay, plaster or mortar with water to obtain the proper consistency.
temper: To adjust, as the mathematical scale to the actual scale, or to that in actual use.
temper: To govern; to manage.
temper: To combine in due proportions; to constitute; to compose.
temper: To mingle in due proportion; to prepare by combining; to modify, as by adding some new element; to qualify, as by an ingredient; hence, to soften; to mollify; to assuage.
temper: To fit together; to adjust; to accommodate.
routes: third-person singular simple present indicative of route
divert: To turn aside from a course.
divert: To distract.
divert: To entertain or amuse (by diverting the attention)
divert: To turn aside; to digress.
hosted: simple past and past participle of host
blocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of block
essays: third-person singular simple present indicative of essay
murmur: To grumble; to complain in a low, muttering voice, or express discontent at or against someone or something.
murmur: To speak or make low, indistinguishable noise; to mumble, mutter.
murmur: To say (something) indistinctly, to mutter.
groove: To cut a groove or channel in; to form into channels or grooves; to furrow.
groove: To perform, dance to, or enjoy rhythmic music.
varies: third-person singular simple present indicative of vary
guffaw: To laugh boisterously.
cut in: To intrude or interrupt.
cut in: To join a queue in the middle, as opposed to at the back.
cut in: To intrude or interrupt.
cut in: To pull in front of another vehicle in traffic, especially to do so dangerously or unfairly.
cut in: To intrude or interrupt.
cut in: To begin riding a wave in front of someone else whose legitimate turn it is.
cut in: To intrude or interrupt.
cut in: To dance with someone who is already dancing by replacing his or her partner.
cut in: To intrude or interrupt.
cut in: When painting, to paint edges, corners, or trim in preparation for rolling larger areas.
planes: third-person singular simple present indicative of plane
emerge: To come into view.
emerge: To come out of a situation, object or a liquid.
emerge: To become known.
deemed: simple past and past participle of deem
saving: present participle and gerund of save
backed: simple past and past participle of back
claret: To drink claret.
loaded: simple past and past participle of load
jagged: simple past and past participle of jag
ceased: simple past and past participle of cease
toggle: To alternate between two positions using a single switch or lever.
toggle: To switch between alternate states.
toggle: To fix like a toggle iron; to fix fast.
costed: simple past and past participle of cost
coined: simple past and past participle of coin
cravat: To adorn with a cravat; to tie a cravat, or something resembling a cravat, around the neck.
junket: To attend a junket; to feast.
junket: To go on a junket; to travel.
junket: To regale or entertain with a feast.
errand: To send someone on an errand.
errand: To go on an errand.
patent: To (successfully) register (a new invention) with a government agency to obtain the sole privilege of its manufacture, sale, and use for a specified period.
patent: To obtain (over a piece of real property) a specific grant of ownership.
patent: To be closely associated or identified with (something); to monopolize.
squeak: To emit a short, high-pitched sound.
squeak: To inform, to squeal.
squeak: To speak or sound in a high-pitched manner.
squeak: To empty the pile of 13 cards a player deals to oneself in the card game of the same name.
squeak: To win or progress by a narrow margin.
aspire: To have a strong desire or ambition to achieve something.
aspire: To go as high as, to reach the top of (something).
aspire: To move upward; to be very tall.
facing: present participle and gerund of face
pushed: simple past and past participle of push
sedate: To calm or put (a person) to sleep using a sedative drug.
sedate: To make tranquil.
breaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of break
fixing: present participle and gerund of fix
fixing: Going; preparing; ready. Only used in fixing to.
sallow: To become sallow.
sallow: To cause (someone or something) to become sallow.
convoy: To escort a group of vehicles, and provide protection.
convoy: To travel under convoy.
chiack: To taunt or tease.
steady: To stabilize; to prevent from shaking.
steady: To become stable.
pewter: To coat with pewter.
feague: To increase the liveliness of a horse by inserting an irritant, such as a piece of peeled raw ginger or a live eel, in its anus.
feague: To beat or whip; to drive.
feague: To subject to some harmful scheme; to ‘do in’.
feague: To have sexual intercourse with.
clothe: To adorn or cover with clothing; to dress; to supply clothes or clothing.
clothe: To cover or invest, as if with a garment.
tether: To restrict with, or as if, with a tether.
tether: To connect to something else.
tether: To connect to something else.
tether: To connect (a smartphone) to a personal computer in order to give the phone access to the computer's Internet connection.
scrape: To draw (an object, especially a sharp or angular one), along (something) while exerting pressure.
scrape: To remove (something) by drawing an object along in this manner.
scrape: To injure or damage by rubbing across a surface.
scrape: To barely manage to achieve.
scrape: To collect or gather, especially without regard to the quality of what is chosen.
scrape: To extract data by automated means from a format not intended to be machine-readable, such as a screenshot or a formatted web page.
scrape: To occupy oneself with getting laboriously.
scrape: To play awkwardly and inharmoniously on a violin or similar instrument.
scrape: To draw back the right foot along the ground or floor when making a bow].
scrape: To express disapprobation of (a play, etc.) or to silence (a speaker) by drawing the feet back and forth upon the floor; usually with down.
sliced: simple past and past participle of slice
whiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of while
euchre: To deceive or outwit.
loosen: To make loose.
loosen: To become loose.
loosen: To disengage (a device that restrains).
loosen: To become unfastened or undone.
loosen: To free from restraint; to set at liberty.
loosen: To relieve (the bowels) from constipation; to promote defecation.
loosen: To create a breach or rift between (two parties).
loosen: To sail away (from the shore).
entrap: To catch in a trap or snare.
entrap: To lure (someone), either into a dangerous situation, or into performing an illegal act.
exceed: To be larger, greater than (something).
exceed: To be better than (something).
exceed: To go beyond (some limit); to surpass; to be longer than.
exceed: To predominate.
exceed: To go too far; to be excessive.
nimble: To move nimbly.
supple: To make or become supple.
supple: To make compliant, submissive, or obedient.
blazon: To describe a coat of arms.
blazon: To make widely or generally known, to proclaim.
blazon: To display conspicuously or publicly.
blazon: To shine; to be conspicuous.
blazon: To deck; to embellish; to adorn.
allows: third-person singular simple present indicative of allow
tallow: To grease or smear with tallow.
tallow: To cause to have a large quantity of tallow; to fatten.
blight: To affect with blight; to blast; to prevent the growth and fertility of.
blight: To suffer blight.
blight: To spoil, ruin, or destroy (something).
circus: To take part in a circus; or to be displayed as if in a circus
patrol: To go the rounds along a chain of sentinels; to traverse a police district or beat.
patrol: To go the rounds of, as a sentry, guard, or policeman
salute: To make a gesture in honor of (someone or something).
salute: To act in thanks, honor, or tribute; to thank or extend gratitude; to praise.
salute: to wave, to acknowledge an acquaintance.
salute: To address, as with expressions of kind wishes and courtesy; to greet; to hail.
salute: To promote the welfare and safety of; to benefit; to gratify.
salute: To kiss.
Dorcas: To do the work of a Dorcas; to make and distribute clothes to the poor.
polish: To shine; to make a surface very smooth or shiny by rubbing, cleaning, or grinding.
polish: To refine; remove imperfections from.
polish: To apply shoe polish to shoes.
polish: To become smooth, as from friction; to receive a gloss; to take a smooth and glossy surface.
polish: To refine; to wear off the rudeness, coarseness, or rusticity of; to make elegant and polite.
Batman: Alternative form of batman (etymology 3)
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To assemble for inspection, to receive orders, etc.
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To march impressively or ostentatiously.
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To march past.
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To march through or along.
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: Synonym of promenade: to walk up and down, especially in public in order to show off and be seen by others.
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To move slowly through or among.
parade: To take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To walk in a row led by one parent, often trailed by the other.
parade: To cause to take part in a parade, particularly
parade: To assemble soldiers for inspection, to receive orders, etc.
parade: To cause to take part in a parade, particularly
parade: Synonym of show off: to display or reveal prominently or ostentatiously, especially in a kind of procession.
parade: To furnish with a parade or parades.
Google: Alternative letter-case form of google
debone: To remove the bones from.
insure: To provide for compensation if some specified risk occurs. Often agreed by policy (contract) to offer financial compensation in case of an accident, theft or other undesirable event.
insure: To deal in such contracts; subscribe to a policy of insurance
insure: Alternative spelling of ensure; to make sure or certain of; guarantee.
french: To prepare food by cutting it into strips.
french: To kiss (another person) while inserting one’s tongue into the other person's mouth.
french: To kiss in this manner.
french: To French trim; to stylishly expose bone by removing the fat and meat covering it (as done to a rack of lamb or bone-in rib-eye steak).
daring: present participle and gerund of dare
placed: simple past and past participle of place
re-dye: To dye again.
cantle: To cut into pieces.
cantle: To cut out from.
juggle: To manipulate objects, such as balls, clubs, beanbags, rings, etc. in an artful or artistic manner. Juggling may also include assorted other circus skills such as the diabolo, devil sticks, hat, and cigar box manipulation as well.
juggle: To handle or manage many tasks at once.
juggle: To deceive by trick or artifice.
juggle: To joke or jest.
juggle: To perform magic tricks.
jiggle: To shake something gently; to rattle or wiggle.
jiggle: To shake, rattle, or wiggle.
muckle: To latch onto something with the mouth.
muckle: To talk big; to exaggerate.
affirm: To agree, verify or concur; to answer positively.
affirm: To assert positively; to tell with confidence; to aver; to maintain as true.
affirm: To support or encourage.
affirm: To make firm; to confirm, or ratify; especially (law) to assert or confirm, as a judgment, decree, or order, brought before an appellate court for review.
affirm: To state under a solemn promise to tell the truth which is considered legally equivalent to an oath, especially of those who have religious or other moral objections to swearing oaths; also solemnly affirm.
stewed: simple past and past participle of stew
hoover: To clean (a room, etc.) with a vacuum cleaner, irrespective of brand.
hoover: To use a vacuum cleaner, irrespective of brand.
hoover: To suck in or inhale, as if by a vacuum cleaner.
easter: To move toward the east.
jasper: To decorate with, or as if with, jasper.
hit up: To contact someone, especially with a definite purpose.
hit up: To take (an intoxicating drug).
hanker: To crave, want or desire.
tamper: To make unauthorized or improper alterations, sometimes causing deliberate damage; to meddle (with something).
tamper: To try to influence someone, usually in an illegal or devious way; to try to deal (with someone).
tamper: To meddle (with something) in order to corrupt or pervert it.
tamper: To involve oneself (in a plot, scheme, etc.).
tamper: To attempt to practise or administer something (especially medicine) without sufficient knowledge or qualifications.
tamper: To discuss future contracts with a player, against league rules.
clench: To grip or hold fast.
clench: To close tightly.
rounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of round
furrow: To cut one or more grooves in (the ground, etc.).
furrow: To wrinkle.
furrow: To pull one's brows or eyebrows together due to concentration, worry, etc.
furrow: to become furrowed
mop up: To clean up (liquid) with a mop, rag, sponge, or other cleaning device.
mop up: To fix problems; to correct or repair.
mop up: To absorb the leftovers of a dish with bread etc., in order to eat them.
mop up: To consume or get rid of an excess of something.
mop up: To clean up an area destroyed by a natural disaster or by violent activity.
mop up: To finish something off; to apply a finishing touch
mop up: To get rid of (enemies) within a certain area.
mop up: To win a competition decisively.
mop up: To pitch the final innings especially of a game that is no longer close.
tiptoe: To walk quietly with only the tips of the toes touching the ground.
cached: simple past and past participle of cache
lustre: Alternative form of luster
fatwah: Alternative spelling of fatwa
pickax: Alternative spelling of pickaxe
modify: To change part of.
modify: To be or become modified.
modify: To set bounds to; to moderate.
modify: To qualify the meaning of.
buckle: To fasten (something) using a buckle (noun sense 1); hence (obsolete), to fasten (something) in any way.
buckle: To apply (oneself) to, or prepare (oneself) for, a task or work; also (obsolete), to equip (oneself) for a battle, expedition, etc.
buckle: (Britain, dialectal (especially Scotland) or humorous) To unite (people) in marriage; to marry.
buckle: To unite (people) in marriage; to marry.
buckle: To apply oneself to or prepare for a task or work.
buckle: (Britain, dialectal (especially Scotland) or humorous) To unite with someone in marriage; to marry.
buckle: To unite with someone in marriage; to marry.
buckle: To participate in some contest or labour; to join in close fight; to contend.
buckle: To cause (something) to bend, or to become distorted.
buckle: To curl (hair).
buckle: Of a thing (especially a slender structure under compression): to collapse or distort under physical pressure.
buckle: Of a person: to (suddenly) cease resisting pressure or stress; to give in or give way, to yield.
tattle: To chatter; to gossip.
tattle: Often said of children: to report incriminating information about another person, or a person's wrongdoing; to tell on somebody.
tattle: To speak like a baby or young child; to babble, to prattle; to speak haltingly; to stutter.
unroll: To straighten something that has been rolled, twisted or curled.
unroll: To emerge, be revealed or become apparent; to unfold.
unroll: To replace (a loop in a program) with a repetitive sequence of the individual instructions that the loop would carry out, sometimes used as an optimization.
babies: third-person singular simple present indicative of baby
fankle: To tangle or entangle.
unfurl: To unroll or release something that had been rolled up, typically a sail or a flag.
unfurl: To roll out or debut anything.
unfurl: To open up by unrolling.
unfurl: To turn out or unfold; to evolve; to progress.
catnap: To take a catnap (short sleep or nap).
catnap: To kidnap a cat.
guzzle: To drink or eat quickly, voraciously, or to excess; to gulp down; to swallow greedily, continually, or with gusto.
guzzle: To consume alcoholic beverages, especially frequently or habitually.
guzzle: To consume anything quickly, greedily, or to excess, as if with insatiable thirst.
tiller: To produce new shoots from the root or from around the bottom of the original stalk; stool.
cocoon: To envelop in a protective case.
cocoon: To withdraw into such a case.
devise: To use one’s intellect to plan or design (something).
devise: To leave (property) in a will.
devise: To form a scheme; to lay a plan; to contrive; to consider.
devise: To plan or scheme for; to plot to obtain.
devise: To imagine; to guess.
tie up: To secure with rope, string, etc.
tie up: To occupy, detain, keep busy, or delay.
tie up: To complete, finish, or resolve.
tie up: To immobilize a capital: make a capital investment that makes that capital unavailable.
improv: To perform improv.
hit on: To flirt with; to approach and speak to (someone), seeking romance, love, sex, etc.
hit on: To discover, pinpoint; to think up; to realize.
hit on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hit, on.
kaizen: To apply continuous improvement to (a task, or the worker who performs it).
uppile: To pile up; to heap up.
uplook: To look upward.
uphang: To hang up.
uphang: To suspend or fix aloft.
uplean: To lean or incline upward; to cause (something) to lean upward.
uplean: To lean (on something).
upprop: To prop up.
uplock: To lock up.
uprear: To raise something up; to rise up; to erect
uplead: To lead upward.
liaise: To establish a liaison.
liaise: To act between parties with a view to reconciling differences.
liaise: To cooperate, consult and discuss in order to come to a common solution.
doodle: To draw or scribble aimlessly.
doodle: To drone like a bagpipe.
upturn: to turn (something) up or over
poring: present participle and gerund of pore
humbug: To play a trick on someone, to cheat, to swindle, to deceive.
humbug: To fight; to act tough.
humbug: To waste time talking.
staple: To sort according to its staple.
staple: To secure with a staple.
uptake: To take up, to lift.
uptake: To absorb, as food or a drug by an organism.
uptake: To accept and begin to use, as a new practice.
upwind: To wind upwards.
upwind: To wind up (a mechanism).
uplift: To raise something or someone to a higher physical, social, moral, intellectual, spiritual or emotional level.
uplift: To raise something or someone to a higher physical, social, moral, intellectual, spiritual or emotional level.
uplift: To raise (a nonsentient species) into sentience.
uplift: To aggravate; to increase.
uplift: To be accepted for carriage on a flight.
uplift: To remove (a child) from a damaging home environment by a social welfare organization.
uplift: To remove (a document) from its current possessor and take it into one's own possession.
awoken: past participle of awake
awoken: Misspelling of awaken.
uproar: To throw into uproar or confusion.
uproar: To make an uproar.
balsam: To treat or anoint with balsam.
ruffle: To make a ruffle in; to curl or flute, as an edge of fabric.
ruffle: To disturb; especially, to cause to flutter.
ruffle: To grow rough, boisterous, or turbulent.
ruffle: To become disordered; to play loosely; to flutter.
ruffle: To be rough; to jar; to be in contention; hence, to put on airs; to swagger.
ruffle: To make into a ruff; to draw or contract into puckers, plaits, or folds; to wrinkle.
ruffle: To erect in a ruff, as feathers.
ruffle: To beat with the ruff or ruffle, as a drum.
ruffle: To throw together in a disorderly manner.
contra: To undo; to reverse.
hubbub: To cause a tumult or racket.
smoked: simple past and past participle of smoke
use up: to consume, deplete or exhaust
use up: to take or occupy
gun it: To accelerate or speed up quickly or suddenly.
jumped: simple past and past participle of jump
bolted: simple past and past participle of bolt
warped: simple past and past participle of warp
pander: To tempt with, to appeal or cater to (improper motivations, etc.); to assist in gratification.
pander: To offer (something or someone) in order to tempt or appeal, especially to base or improper motivations.
pander: To offer illicit sex with a third party; to pimp.
pander: To act as a pander for (somebody).
gloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of glove
Kramer: To suddenly enter or go through somewhere unexpectedly and suddenly.
ullage: To gauge the amount of empty space between the top of a cask and the level of liquid inside it.
end up: To bring to a conclusion.
end up: To come to a final place, condition, or situation, sometimes unplanned or unexpected; to turn out.
end up: To lift or tilt, so as to set on end.
seemed: simple past and past participle of seem
smiled: simple past and past participle of smile
walked: simple past and past participle of walk
levied: simple past and past participle of levy
wished: simple past and past participle of wish
lances: third-person singular simple present indicative of lance
trying: present participle and gerund of try
slaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of slave
rebuff: To refuse; to offer sudden or harsh resistance; to turn down or shut out.
rebuff: To buff again.
waited: simple past and past participle of wait
paying: present participle and gerund of pay
simper: To smile in a foolish, frivolous, self-conscious, coy, obsequious, or smug manner.
simper: To glimmer; to twinkle.
spritz: To spray, sprinkle, or squirt lightly.
spritz: To drizzle, to rain lightly.
pounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of pound
judder: To spasm or shake violently.
judder: To move with a stop-start motion, as if experiencing a strong resistance or when decelerating brusquely.
cooper: To make and repair barrels etc.
cooper: Alternative form of coper (“operate as floating grog shop”)
lifted: simple past and past participle of lift
clouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloud
habits: third-person singular simple present indicative of habit
shroff: To act as a shroff, especially (historical) to inspect coins to detect debasement, counterfeits, clipping, etc. for a commission.
kisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of kiss
lackey: To attend, wait upon, serve obsequiously.
lackey: To toady, play the flunky.
packet: To make up into a packet or bundle.
packet: To send in a packet or dispatch vessel.
packet: To ply with a packet or dispatch boat.
packet: To subject to a denial-of-service attack in which a large number of data packets are sent.
attain: To gain (an object or desired result).
attain: To reach or come to, by progression or motion; to arrive at (a place, time, state, etc.).
attain: To come or arrive, by motion, growth, bodily exertion, or efforts toward a place, object, state, etc.
attain: To get at the knowledge of.
attain: To reach in excellence or degree.
attain: To reach a person after being behind them.
tatter: To destroy an article of clothing etc. by shredding.
tatter: To fall into tatters.
refund: To return (money) to (someone); to reimburse.
refund: To get a refund.
refund: To supply (someone) again with funds.
refund: To pour back (something).
tampon: To plug (a wound) with a tampon or compress.
encore: To call for an extra performance or repetition of, or by.
encore: To call for an encore.
encore: To perform an encore.
urging: present participle and gerund of urge
rabble: To speak in a confused manner; talk incoherently; utter nonsense
rabble: To speak confusedly or incoherently; gabble or chatter out
rabble: To stir with a rabble.
rushed: simple past and past participle of rush
curate: To act as a curator for.
curate: To apply selectivity and taste to, as a collection of fashion items or web pages.
curate: To work or act as a curator.
domino: To collapse in the manner of dominoes.
domino: To cause to collapse in the manner of dominoes.
espied: simple past and past participle of espy
fucked: simple past and past participle of fuck
teeter: To tilt back and forth on an edge.
teeter: To totter (move unsteadily).
teeter: To be indecisive.
teeter: To be close to becoming a typically negative situation.
sudate: To perspire, to sweat.
tinker: To work as a tinker.
tinker: To fiddle with something in an attempt to fix, mend or improve it, especially in an experimental or unskilled manner.
tariff: to levy a duty on (something)
braids: third-person singular simple present indicative of braid
potter: To act in a vague or unmotivated way; to fuss about with unimportant things.
potter: To move slowly or aimlessly. (Often potter about, potter around.)
potter: To poke repeatedly.
kissed: simple past and past participle of kiss
begged: simple past and past participle of beg
voices: third-person singular simple present indicative of voice
paused: simple past and past participle of pause
rolled: simple past and past participle of roll
stared: simple past and past participle of stare
sailed: simple past and past participle of sail
roused: simple past and past participle of rouse
parted: simple past and past participle of part
prayed: simple past and past participle of pray
judged: simple past and past participle of judge
warned: simple past and past participle of warn
sighed: simple past and past participle of sigh
ruined: simple past and past participle of ruin
poured: simple past and past participle of pour
inveil: To cover with a veil.
guests: third-person singular simple present indicative of guest
chiefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chief
potash: To treat with potassium.
ionize: To dissociate atoms or molecules into electrically charged species; to be thus dissociated.
lights: third-person singular simple present indicative of light
rebill: To bill again.
mizzle: To rain in very fine drops.
mizzle: To abscond, scram, flee.
mizzle: To yield.
mizzle: To muddle or confuse. (Probably from a misreading of past tense/participle misled.)
locked: simple past and past participle of lock
crying: present participle and gerund of cry
ligate: To bind with a ligature or bandage.
ligate: To connect text characters with a ligature.
ligate: To join by ligation.
frivol: To behave frivolously.
frivol: To trifle.
mingle: To intermix; to combine or join, as an individual or part, with other parts, but commonly so as to be distinguishable in the product.
mingle: To associate or unite in a figurative way, or by ties of relationship.
mingle: To cause or allow to intermarry.
mingle: To intermarry.
mingle: To deprive of purity by mixture; to contaminate.
mingle: To make or prepare by mixing the ingredients of.
mingle: To put together; to join.
mingle: To become mixed or blended.
mingle: To socialize with different people at a social event.
nodded: simple past and past participle of nod
extort: To take or seize from an unwilling person by physical force, menace, duress, torture, or any undue or illegal exercise of power or ingenuity.
extort: To obtain by means of the offense of extortion.
extort: To twist outwards.
gazing: present participle and gerund of gaze
chassé: To perform this step.
chassé: To dismiss.
sashay: To walk casually, showily or in a flirty manner; to strut, swagger or flounce.
sashay: To chassé when dancing.
sashay: To move sideways.
enable: To make somebody able (to do, or to be, something); to give sufficient ability or power to do or to be; to give strength or ability to.
enable: To affirm; to make firm and strong.
enable: To qualify or approve for some role or position; to render sanction or authorization to; to confirm suitability for.
enable: To yield the opportunity or provide the possibility for something; to provide with means, opportunities, and the like.
enable: To imply or tacitly confer excuse for an action or a behavior.
enable: To put a circuit element into action by supplying a suitable input pulse.
enable: To activate, to make operational (especially of a function of an electronic or mechanical device).
sorted: simple past and past participle of sort
reckon: To count; to enumerate; to number; also, to compute; to calculate.
reckon: To count as in a number, rank, or series; to estimate by rank or quality; to place by estimation; to account; to esteem; to repute.
reckon: To charge, attribute, or adjudge to one, as having a certain quality or value.
reckon: To conclude, as by an enumeration and balancing of chances; hence, to think; to suppose; -- followed by an objective clause
reckon: To reckon with something or somebody or not, i.e to reckon without something or somebody: to take into account, deal with, consider or not, i.e. to misjudge, ignore, not take into account, not deal with, not consider or fail to consider; e.g. reckon without one's host
reckon: To make an enumeration or computation; to engage in numbering or computing.
reckon: To come to an accounting; to draw up or settle accounts; to examine and strike the balance of debt and credit; to adjust relations of desert or penalty.
ransom: To deliver, especially in context of sin or relevant penalties.
ransom: To pay a price to set someone free from captivity or punishment.
ransom: To exact a ransom (payment) in exchange for the freedom of.
lumpen: To make or become like lumps; make or become lumpy
malice: To intend to cause harm; to bear malice.
infect: To bring (the body or part of it) into contact with a substance that causes illness (a pathogen), so that the pathogen begins to act on the body; (of a pathogen) to come into contact with (a body or body part) and begin to act on it.
infect: To contaminate (an object or substance) with a pathogen.
infect: To make somebody enthusiastic about one's own passion, or to communicate a feeling to others, or a feeling communicating itself to others.
refuge: To return to a place of shelter.
refuge: To shelter; to protect.
ballet: To perform an action reminiscent of ballet dancing.
clinch: To bend and hammer the point of (a nail) so it cannot be removed.
clinch: To clasp; to interlock.
clinch: To fasten securely or permanently.
clinch: To make certain; to finalize.
clinch: To hold firmly; to clench
clinch: To set closely together; to close tightly.
clinch: To hold a boxing opponent with one or both arms so as to avoid being hit while resting momentarily
clinch: To secure a spot (e.g., at the divisional championship) before the end of regular season play by having an insurmountable lead.
clinch: To embrace passionately.
regain: To get back; to recover possession of.
Mankad: To run a player out by this means.
detain: To keep someone from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.
detain: To put under custody.
detain: To keep back or from; to withhold.
detain: To seize goods for official purposes.
squall: To cry or wail loudly.
saddle: To put a saddle (noun sense 1) on (an animal).
saddle: To put (something) on to another thing like a saddle on an animal.
saddle: To enter (a trained horse) into a race.
saddle: Chiefly followed by with: to burden or encumber (someone) with some problem or responsibility.
saddle: Chiefly followed by on or upon: to place (a burden or responsibility) or thrust (a problem) on someone.
saddle: To control or restrain (someone or something), as if using a saddle; to bridle, to harness, to rein in.
saddle: To get (someone) to do a burdensome task.
saddle: To cut a saddle-shaped notch in (a log or other piece of wood) so it can fit together with other such logs or pieces; also, to fit (logs or other pieces of wood) together with this method.
saddle: To put something on to (another thing) like a saddle on an animal.
saddle: Often followed by up.
saddle: To put a saddle on an animal.
saddle: Often followed by up.
saddle: Of a person: to get into a saddle.
whoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoop
zoomed: simple past and past participle of zoom
titter: To laugh or giggle in a somewhat subdued or restrained way, as from nervousness or poorly-suppressed amusement.
titter: To teeter; to seesaw.
curses: third-person singular simple present indicative of curse
ablate: To remove or decrease something by cutting, erosion, melting, evaporation, or vaporization.
ablate: To undergo ablation; to become melted or evaporated and removed at a high temperature.
shinny: To climb in an awkward manner.
invoke: To call upon (a person, a god) for help, assistance or guidance.
invoke: To solicit, petition for, appeal to a favorable attitude.
invoke: To call to mind (something) for some purpose.
invoke: To appeal for validation to a (notably cited) authority.
invoke: To conjure up with incantations.
invoke: To bring about as an inevitable consequence.
invoke: To cause (a program or subroutine) to execute.
zinged: simple past and past participle of zing
zoning: present participle and gerund of zone
scoped: simple past and past participle of scope
docket: To enter or inscribe in a docket, or list of causes for trial.
docket: To label a parcel, etc.
docket: To make a brief abstract of (a writing) and endorse it on the back of the paper, or to endorse the title or contents on the back of; to summarize.
docket: To make a brief abstract of and inscribe in a book.
planed: simple past and past participle of plane
vented: simple past and past participle of vent
bussed: simple past and past participle of bus
bussed: simple past and past participle of buss
instal: Alternative spelling of install
instal: To pay by instalments.
gigged: simple past and past participle of gig
laying: present participle and gerund of lay
tirade: To make a long, angry or violent speech, a tirade.
run up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see run, up.
run up: To run (towards someone or something); to hasten to a destination.
run up: To approach (an event or point in time).
run up: To take to a destination or before an authority.
run up: To erect hastily, as a building.
run up: To make something, usually an item of clothing, very quickly.
run up: To bring (a flag) to the top of its flag pole.
run up: To string up; to hang.
run up: Of a bowler, to run, or walk up to the bowling crease in order to bowl a ball.
run up: To rise; to swell; to grow; to increase.
run up: To accumulate (a debt).
run up: To thrust up, as anything long and slender.
rifles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rifle
senses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sense
scared: simple past and past participle of scare
beckon: To wave or nod to somebody with the intention to make the person come closer.
beckon: To seem attractive and inviting
summed: simple past and past participle of sum
popped: simple past and past participle of pop
junked: simple past and past participle of junk
topped: simple past and past participle of top
hopped: simple past and past participle of hop
breads: third-person singular simple present indicative of bread
bonded: simple past and past participle of bond
sum up: To produce a total by adding.
sum up: To summarize.
tapped: simple past and past participle of tap
bouche: Alternative form of bush (to line)
harmed: simple past and past participle of harm
trifle: To deal with something as if it were of little importance or worth.
trifle: To act, speak, or otherwise behave with jest.
trifle: To inconsequentially toy with something.
trifle: To squander or waste.
trifle: To make a trifle of, to make trivial.
fanfic: To write fan fiction.
fanfic: To write fan fiction about (something).
sensed: simple past and past participle of sense
sprawl: To sit with the limbs spread out.
sprawl: To spread out in a disorderly fashion; to straggle.
sprawl: To scoot the legs backwards, so as to land on the upper back of an opponent attempting a takedown.
bricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of brick
wolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of wolve
garner: To reap grain, gather it up, and store it in a granary.
garner: To gather, amass, hoard, as if harvesting grain.
garner: To earn; to get; to accumulate or acquire by some effort or due to some fact
garner: To gather or become gathered; to accumulate or become accumulated; to become stored.
fruits: third-person singular simple present indicative of fruit
marred: simple past and past participle of mar
undies: third-person singular simple present indicative of undie
guided: simple past and past participle of guide
pillar: To provide with pillars or added strength as if from pillars.
bonnet: To put a bonnet on.
bonnet: To take off the bonnet or cap as a mark of respect; to uncover.
bonnet: To pull the bonnet or cap down over the eyes of.
deking: present participle and gerund of deke
bicker: To quarrel in a tiresome, insulting manner.
bicker: To brawl or move tremulously, quiver, shimmer (of a water stream, light, flame, etc.)
bicker: To patter.
bicker: To skirmish; to exchange blows; to fight.
arrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrow
trojan: To infect (a system) with a trojan.
speedy: To process in a faster than normal, accelerated way.
speedy: To apply the speedy rule in an online community (often the deletion rule); to speedy delete.
luster: To have luster, to gleam, to shine.
luster: To gain luster, to become lustrous.
luster: To give luster, particularly
luster: To make illustrious or attractive, to distinguish.
luster: To give luster, particularly
luster: To coat with a lustrous material or glaze, to impart physical luster to an object.
luster: To shed light on, to illustrate, to show.
luster: Synonym of lustrate, particularly
luster: Synonym of purify, to ritually cleanse or renew.
luster: Synonym of lustrate, particularly
luster: Synonym of look, to look over, to survey.
bludge: To live off the earnings of a prostitute.
bludge: To not earn one's keep, to live off someone else or off welfare when one could be working.
bludge: To avoid one's responsibilities; to leave it to others to perform duties that one is expected to perform.
bludge: To do nothing, to be idle, especially when there is work to be done.
bludge: To take some benefit and give nothing in return.
squawk: To make a squawking noise; to yell, scream, or call out shrilly.
squawk: To speak out; to protest.
squawk: To report an infraction; to rat on or tattle; to disclose a secret.
squawk: To produce a warning message, indicating a possible error.
squawk: To set or transmit a four-digit transponder code. (Normally followed by the specific code in question.)
squawk: To back out in a mean way.
holler: To yell or shout.
holler: To call out one or more words
holler: To complain, gripe
loiter: To stand about without any aim or purpose; to stand about idly.
loiter: To remain at a certain place instead of moving on.
loiter: For an aircraft to remain in the air near a target.
roller: To roller skate.
socket: To place or fit in a socket.
sucked: simple past and past participle of suck
sloped: simple past and past participle of slope
revolt: To rebel, particularly against authority.
revolt: To repel greatly.
revolt: To cause to turn back; to roll or drive back; to put to flight.
revolt: To be disgusted, shocked, or grossly offended; hence, to feel nausea; used with at.
revolt: To turn away; to abandon or reject something; specifically, to turn away, or shrink, with abhorrence.
busses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bus, Alternative spelling of buses
busses: third-person singular simple present indicative of buss
Segway: To travel by Segway.
cranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of crank
assart: To clear forest land for agriculture; remove stumps.
skiing: present participle and gerund of ski
broker: To act as a broker; to mediate in a sale or transaction.
broker: To act as a broker in; to arrange or negotiate.
humped: past participle of hump
heated: simple past and past participle of heat
mayhem: To commit mayhem
trophy: To adorn with trophies.
trophy: To win a trophy in a competition.
beasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beast
folded: simple past and past participle of fold
plains: third-person singular simple present indicative of plain
wounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of wound
danced: simple past and past participle of dance
doubts: third-person singular simple present indicative of doubt
dashed: past participle of dash
nerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of nerve
Greeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of Greek
verses: third-person singular simple present indicative of verse
obeyed: simple past and past participle of obey
rejoin: To join again; to unite after separation.
rejoin: To come, or go, again into the presence of; to join the company of again.
rejoin: To state in reply.
rejoin: To answer to a reply.
rejoin: To answer, as the defendant to the plaintiff's replication.
rejoin: in US patent law To re-insert a patent claim, typically after allowance of a patent application, applied to patent claims that had been withdrawn from examination under a restriction requirement, based on rejoinder (patent law).
traces: third-person singular simple present indicative of trace
masses: third-person singular simple present indicative of mass
muffin: To eat muffins.
muffin: To feed muffins to.
muffin: To become like a muffin; to increase in size.
muffin: To make like a muffin.
muffin: Alternative letter-case form of MUFFIN.
possed: simple past and past participle of poss
shores: third-person singular simple present indicative of shore
posses: third-person singular simple present indicative of poss
rework: To redo, correct, or rebuild.
greave: To clean (a ship's bottom); to grave.
lessen: To make less; to diminish; to reduce.
lessen: To become less.
sussed: simple past and past participle of suss
go ape: To become wildly excited or enthusiastic.
go ape: To become very angry.
hooves: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoove
firing: present participle and gerund of fire
silken: To render silken or silklike.
elapse: To pass or move by.
carrom: Alternative spelling of carom
chrome: To plate with chrome.
chrome: To treat with a solution of potassium bichromate, as in dyeing.
fickle: To deceive, flatter.
fickle: To puzzle, perplex, nonplus.
retool: To adjust; to optimize; to rebuild.
veejay: To work as a video jockey; to present videos.
deejay: To perform as a disc jockey.
deejay: To play music as a disc jockey.
videos: third-person singular simple present indicative of video
jingle: To make a noise of metal or glass clattering against itself.
jingle: To cause to make a noise of metal or glass clattering against itself.
jingle: To rhyme or sound with a jingling effect.
jingle: To pee, to urinate.
tiding: present participle and gerund of tide
gilded: simple past and past participle of gild
cockle: To cause to contract into wrinkles or ridges, as some kinds of cloth after a wetting; to pucker.
cockle: To wobble, shake; to be unsteady.
traced: simple past and past participle of trace
robbed: simple past and past participle of rob
goggle: To stare (at something) with wide eyes.
goggle: To roll the eyes.
carved: simple past and past participle of carve
resorb: To absorb (something) again.
resorb: To undergo resorption.
resorb: To dissolve (bone, sinew, suture, etc.) and assimilate it.
rubbed: simple past and past participle of rub
crowds: third-person singular simple present indicative of crowd
organs: third-person singular simple present indicative of organ
whoosh: To make a breathy sound like a whoosh or extrude with such a sound.
whoosh: To pass by quickly and more or less close or away.
whoosh: To pass by quickly and more or less close or away.
whoosh: To happen while bypassing someone's detailed awareness, to have someone miss the point.
whoosh: To cause to pass quickly.
whoosh: To kill by gun, to shoot.
devils: third-person singular simple present indicative of devil
quethe: To say or declare.
crowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of crown
tasted: simple past and past participle of taste
framed: simple past and past participle of frame
jogger: To play.
jogger: To sing.
jogger: To entertain.
citify: To become more like or more in the character of a city.
citify: To make more like or more in the character of a city.
citify: To make more like a city person.
cloven: past participle of cleave
choked: simple past and past participle of choke
longed: simple past and past participle of long
halted: simple past and past participle of halt
flames: third-person singular simple present indicative of flame
faults: third-person singular simple present indicative of fault
cajole: To persuade someone to do something which they are reluctant to do, especially by flattery or promises; to coax.
sortie: To carry out a sortie; to sally.
spared: simple past and past participle of spare
smiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of smile
guards: third-person singular simple present indicative of guard
wheels: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheel
mauled: simple past and past participle of maul
splosh: To splash with a heavy splashing sound.
splosh: To traverse mushy or marshy wetlands.
splosh: To spill or spill over.
flowed: simple past and past participle of flow
exalts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exalt
infuse: To cause to become an element of something; to insert or fill.
infuse: To steep in a liquid, so as to extract the soluble constituents (usually medicinal or herbal).
infuse: To inspire; to inspirit or animate; to fill (with).
infuse: To instill as a quality.
infuse: To undergo infusion.
infuse: To make an infusion with (an ingredient); to tincture; to saturate.
infuse: To pour in, as a liquid; to pour (into or upon); to shed.
jewels: third-person singular simple present indicative of jewel
upload: To transfer data to a computer on a network, especially to a server on the Internet.
upload: To transfer jurisdiction and responsibility of a government asset or service to a higher level of government.
dotted: simple past and past participle of dot
enroll: To enter (a name, etc.) in a register, roll or list
enroll: To enlist (someone) or make (someone) a member of
enroll: To enlist oneself (in something) or become a member (of something)
enroll: To envelop; to enwrap.
egging: present participle and gerund of egg
leaked: simple past and past participle of leak
corked: simple past and past participle of cork
tossed: simple past and past participle of toss
chains: third-person singular simple present indicative of chain
boiled: simple past and past participle of boil
welled: simple past and past participle of well
reared: simple past and past participle of rear
steals: third-person singular simple present indicative of steal
blamed: simple past and past participle of blame
melted: simple past and past participle of melt
proofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of proof
shouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of shout
tricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of trick
savour: To possess a particular taste or smell, or a distinctive quality.
savour: To appreciate, enjoy or relish something.
savour: To season.
labors: third-person singular simple present indicative of labor
sealed: simple past and past participle of seal
truths: third-person singular simple present indicative of truth
bellow: To make a loud, deep, hollow noise like the roar of an angry bull.
bellow: To shout in a deep voice.
proves: third-person singular simple present indicative of prove
riddle: To speak ambiguously or enigmatically.
riddle: To solve, answer, or explicate a riddle or question.
riddle: To put something through a riddle or sieve; to sieve; to sift.
riddle: To fill with holes like a riddle.
riddle: To fill or spread throughout; to pervade.
riddle: To plait.
moodle: To dawdle aimlessly, to idle time away.
prefab: To prefabricate.
sticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stick
peaked: simple past and past participle of peak
smooch: To kiss.
smooch: Alternative form of smutch
ragged: simple past and past participle of rag
gasket: To fit a gasket
gasket: To seal wth a gasket
sweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweep
mouths: third-person singular simple present indicative of mouth
echoed: simple past and past participle of echo
menace: To make threats against (someone); to intimidate.
menace: To threaten (an evil to be inflicted).
menace: To endanger (someone or something); to imperil or jeopardize.
sheets: third-person singular simple present indicative of sheet
dawing: present participle and gerund of daw
forged: past participle of forge. To force forward against opposition.
boggle: Either literally or figuratively to stop or hesitate as if suddenly seeing a bogle.
boggle: To be bewildered, dumbfounded, or confused.
boggle: To confuse or mystify; overwhelm.
boggle: To embarrass with difficulties; to palter or equivocate; to bungle or botch
boggle: To dissemble; to play fast and loose (with someone or something).
boggle: To wiggle the eyes as a result of bruxing.
sugars: third-person singular simple present indicative of sugar
skewer: To impale on a skewer.
skewer: To attack a piece which has a less valuable piece behind it.
skewer: To severely mock or discredit.
vexing: present participle and gerund of vex
shaved: simple past and past participle of shave
dodder: To shake or tremble as one moves, especially as of old age or childhood; to totter.
paunch: To remove the internal organs of a ruminant, prior to eating.
braked: simple past and past participle of brake
egress: To exit or leave; to go or come out.
X-rays: third-person singular simple present indicative of X-ray
madden: To make angry.
madden: To make insane; to inflame with passion.
madden: To become furious.
welter: To roll around; to wallow.
welter: To revel, luxuriate.
welter: To rise and fall, to tumble over, to roll.
welter: To wither; to wilt.
dollop: To apply haphazardly in generous lumps or scoops.
dollop: To dole out in a considerable quantity; to drip in a viscous form.
broods: third-person singular simple present indicative of brood
hounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of hound
bandit: To rob, or steal from, in the manner of a bandit.
adored: simple past and past participle of adore
drives: third-person singular simple present indicative of drive
embody: To represent in a physical or concrete form; to incarnate or personify.
embody: To represent in some other form, such as a code of laws.
embody: To comprise or include as part of a cohesive whole; to be made up of.
embody: To unite in a body or mass.
awaken: To cause to become awake.
awaken: To stop sleeping; awake.
awaken: To bring into action (something previously dormant); to stimulate.
awaken: To call to a sense of sin.
awaken: past participle of awake
awaken: To cause to become aware.
awaken: To become aware.
damned: simple past and past participle of damn
ramble: To move about aimlessly, or on a winding course
ramble: To walk for pleasure; to amble or saunter.
ramble: To lead the life of a vagabond or itinerant; to move about with no fixed place of address.
ramble: To talk or write incessantly, unclearly, or incoherently, with many digressions.
ramble: To follow a winding path or course.
arched: simple past and past participle of arch
favors: third-person singular simple present indicative of favor
squish: To squeeze, compress, or crush (especially something moist).
squish: To be compressed or squeezed.
hooked: simple past and past participle of hook
mantel: To surmount a ledge by pushing down on the ledge to bring up the body.
rustle: To move (something) with a soft crackling sound.
rustle: To make or obtain in a lively, energetic way.
rustle: To steal (cattle or other livestock).
hunted: simple past and past participle of hunt
casing: present participle and gerund of case
fondue: To prepare or serve as a fondue.
graces: third-person singular simple present indicative of grace
eye up: To examine closely something coveted
yoohoo: To give a cry of "yoohoo".
recoup: To make back, as an investment.
recoup: To recover from an error.
recoup: To keep back rightfully (a part), as if by cutting off, so as to diminish a sum due; to take off (a part) from damages; to deduct.
recoup: To reimburse; to indemnify; often used reflexively and in the passive.
escort: To attend to in order to guard and protect; to accompany as a safeguard (for the person escorted or for others); to give honorable or ceremonious attendance to
escort: To accompany (a person) in order to compel them to go somewhere (e.g. to leave a building).
escort: To go with someone as a partner, for example on a formal date.
encode: To convert (plain text) into code.
encode: To convert source information into another form.
encode: To constitute the code necessary for the biosynthesis of a protein by means of a matrix so as to transcribe DNA material.
pitied: simple past and past participle of pity
groves: third-person singular simple present indicative of grove
dipped: simple past and past participle of dip
fabled: simple past and past participle of fable
dapple: To mark or become marked with mottling or spots.
mantle: To cover or conceal (something); to cloak; to disguise.
mantle: To become covered or concealed.
mantle: To spread like a mantle (especially of blood in the face and cheeks when a person flushes).
mantle: To climb over or onto something.
mantle: The action of stretching out the wings to hide food.
mantle: The action of stretching a wing and the same side leg out to one side of the body.
chasse: Alternative spelling of chassé
spiced: simple past and past participle of spice
buffer: To use a buffer or buffers; to isolate or minimize the effects of one thing on another.
buffer: To use a buffer or buffers; to isolate or minimize the effects of one thing on another.
buffer: To queue up (an input) so that it is performed immediately once it is possible.
buffer: To store data in memory temporarily.
buffer: To maintain the acidity of a solution near a chosen value by adding an acid or a base.
scales: third-person singular simple present indicative of scale
lining: present participle and gerund of line
gittin: Alternative spelling of gitting
quests: third-person singular simple present indicative of quest
throng: To crowd into a place, especially to fill it.
throng: To congregate.
throng: To crowd or press, as persons; to oppress or annoy with a crowd of living beings.
deform: To change the form of (something), usually thus making it disordered or irregular; to give (something) an abnormal or unusual shape.
deform: To change the form of (something), usually thus making it disordered or irregular; to give (something) an abnormal or unusual shape.
deform: To alter the shape of (something) by applying a force or stress.
deform: To change the look of (something), usually thus making it imperfect or unattractive; to give (something) an abnormal or unusual appearance.
deform: To mar the character or quality of (something).
deform: To become changed in shape or misshapen.
gallop: To run at a gallop.
gallop: To ride at a galloping pace.
gallop: To cause to gallop.
gallop: To make electrical or other utility lines sway and/or move up and down violently, usually due to a combination of high winds and ice accrual on the lines.
gallop: To run very fast.
gallop: To go rapidly or carelessly, as in making a hasty examination.
gallop: To progress rapidly through the body.
jumble: To mix or confuse.
jumble: To meet or unite in a confused way.
prance: To spring forward on the hind legs.
prance: To strut about in a showy manner.
expend: to consume, exhaust (some resource)
expend: to spend, disburse
spoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoil
betake: To take over to; take across (to); deliver.
betake: To seize; lay hold of; take.
betake: To take oneself to; go or move; repair; resort; have recourse.
betake: To commit to a specified action.
betake: To commend or entrust to; to commit to.
betake: To take oneself.
betake: To beteach.
inlaid: simple past and past participle of inlay
meager: To make lean.
reflex: To bend back or turn back over itself.
reflex: To reflect (light, sight, etc.).
reflex: To reflect or mirror (an object), to show the image of.
reflex: To cast (beams of light) on something.
reflex: To respond to a stimulus.
damped: simple past and past participle of damp
flambé: To cook with a showy technique where an alcoholic beverage, such as brandy, is added to hot food and then the fumes are ignited.
let in: To let someone or something come in; to admit someone or something in.
let in: To let someone or something come in; to admit someone or something in.
let in: To divulge one's inner thoughts to (someone), making oneself emotionally vulnerable to them; to open up to (someone).
let in: To associate with.
let in: To cheat or victimize.
trends: third-person singular simple present indicative of trend
let go: To release from one's grasp; to go from a state of holding on to a state of no longer holding on.
let go: To emotionally disengage or to distract oneself from a situation.
let go: To dismiss from employment.
let go: To ignore (a comment, etc.).
let go: To fail to maintain a standard of appearance, behavior, or performance.
let go: To fail to maintain a standard of appearance, behavior, or performance.
let go: To gain weight
let go: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see let, go.
horked: simple past and past participle of hork
seethe: Of a liquid or other substance, or a container holding it: to be boiled (vigorously); to become boiling hot.
seethe: Of a liquid, vapour, etc., or a container holding it: to foam or froth in an agitated manner, as if boiling.
seethe: Of a person: to be in an agitated or angry mental state, often in a way that is not obvious to others.
seethe: Of a place: to be filled with many people or things moving about actively; to buzz with activity; also, of people or things: to move about actively in a crowd or group.
seethe: Of a place: to have inhabitants in an angry or disaffected mood; to be in a state of unrest.
seethe: To overboil (something) so that it loses its flavour or texture; hence (figurative), to cause (the body, the mind, the spirit, etc.) to become dull through too much alcoholic drink or heat.
seethe: To soak (something) in a liquid; to drench, to steep.
seethe: To boil (something); especially, to cook (food) by boiling or stewing; also, to keep (something) boiling.
seethe: Of the stomach: to digest (food).
cashed: simple past and past participle of cash
filled: simple past and past participle of fill.
matted: simple past and past participle of mat
phaser: To shoot with a phaser weapon.
toddle: To walk unsteadily, as a small child does.
toddle: To walk in a carefree manner.
layers: third-person singular simple present indicative of layer
enhalo: To surround something with a halo.
coffer: To put money or valuables in a coffer
coffer: To decorate something, especially a ceiling, with coffers.
cumbre: Archaic form of cumber.
humans: third-person singular simple present indicative of human
linked: simple past and past participle of link
opened: simple past and past participle of open
looked: simple past and past participle of look
called: simple past and past participle of call
key in: to enter data by keyboarding
key in: to make informed or aware, especially of something that others are not privy to.
wanted: simple past and past participle of want
kibble: To grind coarsely.
sparse: To disperse, to scatter.
states: third-person singular simple present indicative of state
horses: third-person singular simple present indicative of horse
gibbet: To execute (someone), or display (a body), on a gibbet.
gibbet: To expose (someone) to ridicule or scorn.
succor: Alternative spelling of succour
lacker: Obsolete spelling of lacquer
whales: third-person singular simple present indicative of whale
heaped: simple past and past participle of heap
sconce: To impose a fine, a forfeit, or a mulct.
sconce: During a meal or as part of a drinking game, to announce some (usually outrageous) deed such that anyone who has done it must drink; similar to I have never; commonly associated with crewdates; very similar to fining at Cambridge University.
sconce: to shut within a sconce; to imprison.
diadem: To adorn with a diadem; to crown.
serves: third-person singular simple present indicative of serve
looped: simple past and past participle of loop
events: third-person singular simple present indicative of event
limned: simple past and past participle of limn
cinder: To reduce to cinders.
cinder: To cover with cinders.
footle: To waste time; to trifle.
footle: To talk nonsense.
enrich: To enhance.
enrich: To make (someone or something) rich or richer. [from c.]
enrich: To make (someone or something) rich or richer.
enrich: To adorn, ornate more richly. [from c.]
enrich: To adorn, ornate more richly.
enrich: To add nutrients or fertilizer to the soil; to fertilize. [from c.]
enrich: To add nutrients or fertilizer to the soil; to fertilize.
enrich: To increase the amount of one isotope in a mixture of isotopes, especially in a nuclear fuel. [from c.]
enrich: To increase the amount of one isotope in a mixture of isotopes, especially in a nuclear fuel.
enrich: To add nutrients to foodstuffs; to fortify.
enrich: To make to rise the proportion of a given constituent.
lecher: To practice lewdness.
pocked: simple past and past participle of pock
garned: Misspelling of garnered.
debase: To lower in character, quality, or value; to degrade.
debase: To lower in position or rank.
debase: To lower the value of (a currency) by reducing the amount of valuable metal in the coins.
shoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoot
scrive: To describe; to draw a line with a pointed tool.
spruik: To promote a thing or idea to another person, usually informally.
suplex: To subject to this manoeuvre.
gambol: To move about playfully; to frolic.
gambol: To do a forward roll.
ogling: present participle and gerund of ogle
paggle: To hang loosely.
paggle: To bulge.
mooing: present participle and gerund of moo
rutted: simple past and past participle of rut
tap up: To make a specific approach to a person considered to be suitable for a professional position.
tap up: To make an approach to a player, under contract to another club, in order to attempt to negotiate a transfer.
tanked: simple past and past participle of tank
gashed: simple past and past participle of gash
grumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of grump
quirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of quirt
dawned: simple past and past participle of dawn
sadden: To make sad or unhappy.
sadden: To become sad or unhappy.
sadden: To darken a color during dyeing.
sadden: To render heavy or cohesive.
cotter: To fasten with a cotter.
stamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of stamp
nectar: To feed on nectar.
encamp: To establish a camp or temporary shelter.
encamp: To form into a camp.
jangle: To cause (something) to make a rattling metallic sound.
jangle: To express or say (something) in an argumentative or harsh manner.
jangle: To irritate or jar (something).
jangle: To make a rattling metallic sound.
jangle: To speak in an angry or harsh manner.
jangle: To quarrel verbally; to wrangle.
jangle: Of a person: to speak loudly or too much; to chatter, to prate; of a bird: to make a noisy chattering sound.
retype: To re-enter (text) using a keyboard.
coming: present participle and gerund of come
pumped: simple past and past participle of pump
ripped: simple past and past participle of rip
indite: To physically make letters and words on a writing surface; to inscribe.
indite: To write, especially a literary or artistic work; to compose.
indite: To dictate; to prompt.
indite: To invite or ask.
indite: To indict; to accuse; to censure.
diving: present participle and gerund of dive
agging: present participle and gerund of agg
cudgel: To strike with a cudgel.
cudgel: To exercise (one's wits or brains).
betide: Often used in a prediction (chiefly in woe betide) or a wish: to happen to (someone or something); to befall.
betide: Chiefly in the third person: to happen; to take place; to bechance, to befall.
hustle: To push someone roughly; to crowd; to jostle.
hustle: To rush or hurry.
hustle: To bundle; to stow something quickly.
hustle: To con, swindle, or deceive, especially financially.
hustle: To play deliberately badly at a game or sport in an attempt to encourage players to challenge.
hustle: To obtain by illicit or forceful action.
hustle: To sell sex; to work as a pimp.
hustle: To be a prostitute; to exchange use of one's body for sexual purposes for money.
hustle: To dance the hustle, a disco dance.
hustle: To work.
hustle: To put a lot of effort into one's work.
ripple: To move like the undulating surface of a body of water; to undulate.
ripple: To propagate like a moving wave.
ripple: To make a sound as of water running gently over a rough bottom, or the breaking of ripples on the shore.
ripple: To shape into a series of ripples.
ripple: To launch or unleash in rapid succession.
ripple: To scratch, tear, or break slightly; graze
ripple: To remove the seeds from (the stalks of flax, etc.), by means of a ripple.
ruffed: simple past and past participle of ruff
shaped: simple past and past participle of shape
played: simple past and past participle of play
talked: simple past and past participle of talk
joined: simple past and past participle of join
raised: simple past and past participle of raise
seated: simple past and past participle of seat
failed: simple past and past participle of fail
sports: third-person singular simple present indicative of sport
sports: To participate in sports; typically used by a person with little interest in the subject to derisively elide details of the activity in question.
worked: simple past and past participle of work
needed: simple past and past participle of need
powers: third-person singular simple present indicative of power
pieces: third-person singular simple present indicative of piece
forced: simple past and past participle of force
orders: third-person singular simple present indicative of order
copies: third-person singular simple present indicative of copy
flurry: To agitate, bewilder, fluster.
flurry: To move or fall in a flurry.
romper: To abduct (a victim) to a room where they are tortured and murdered.
stands: third-person singular simple present indicative of stand
funded: simple past and past participle of fund
houses: third-person singular simple present indicative of house
waters: third-person singular simple present indicative of water
thumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of thumb
loofah: To clean or scrub with a loofah.
can'st: Obsolete form of canst.
maketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of make
cobble: To make shoes (what a cobbler does).
cobble: To assemble in an improvised way.
cobble: To use cobblestones to pave a road, walkway, etc.
inhume: To bury in a grave.
cavort: To prance, frolic, gambol.
cavort: To move about carelessly, playfully or boisterously.
cavort: To engage in extravagant pursuits, especially of a sexual nature.
abseil: To descend a steep or vertical drop using a rope with a mechanical friction device or (classic abseil) by wrapping the rope around the body; to rappel.
minted: simple past and past participle of mint
gained: simple past and past participle of gain
fanboy: To worship, support, drool over the object of affection; to be a fanboy.
seized: simple past and past participle of seize
stated: simple past and past participle of state
mulled: simple past and past participle of mull
asking: present participle of ask
harlot: To play the harlot; to practice lewdness.
perked: simple past and past participle of perk
tiered: simple past and past participle of tier
ballad: To make mention of in ballads.
ballad: To compose or sing ballads.
hotbox: To smoke marijuana in a small confined area, such as the inside of a car, until it is full of smoke, thereby intensifying the drug's effects.
hotbox: To put out a cigarette just before entering a vehicle, then expel smoke in the vehicle.
hotbox: To smoke a cigarette vigorously and rapidly.
pauses: third-person singular simple present indicative of pause
soaked: simple past and past participle of soak
biting: present participle and gerund of bite
parlay: To carry forward the stake and winnings from a bet on to a subsequent wager or series of wagers.
parlay: To increase (an asset, money, etc.) by gambling or investing in a daring manner.
parlay: To convert (a situation, thing, etc.) into something better.
parlay: Alternative spelling of parley (“to have a discussion, especially one between enemies”)
somber: Alternative form of sombre
flambe: Alternative spelling of flambé
stones: third-person singular simple present indicative of stone
snacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of snack
engaol: To imprison in a gaol.
miffed: simple past and past participle of miff
thrill: To suddenly excite someone, or to give someone great pleasure; to (figuratively) electrify; to experience such a sensation.
thrill: To (cause something to) tremble or quiver.
thrill: To perforate by a pointed instrument; to bore; to transfix; to drill.
thrill: To hurl; to throw; to cast.
thrill: To drill and thread in one operation, using a tool bit that cuts the hole and the threads in one series of computer-controlled movements.
curbed: simple past and past participle of curb
braced: simple past and past participle of brace
cupped: simple past and past participle of cup
syphon: Alternative spelling of siphon.
go out: To leave, especially a building.
go out: To leave one's abode to go to public places, especially for recreation or entertainment.
go out: To be eliminated from a competition.
go out: To come to an end, by nature or by an unseen external agent.
go out: To be turned off or extinguished.
go out: To come to an end, by nature or by an unseen external agent.
go out: To become extinct, to expire.
go out: To come to an end, by nature or by an unseen external agent.
go out: To die.
go out: To discard or meld all the cards in one's hand.
go out: To pass out of fashion.
go out: To have a romantic relationship, one that involves going out together on dates; to be a couple.
go out: To have a romantic relationship (with someone).
go out: To fail.
go out: To spend the last moments of a show (while playing something).
go out: To recede; to ebb.
go out: To sympathize with; to express positive feelings towards.
go out: To take part in a duel (with).
go out: To be broadcast.
pop in: To pay a visit in an impromptu manner.
voiced: simple past and past participle of voice
dilate: To enlarge; to make bigger.
dilate: To become wider or larger; to expand.
dilate: To speak largely and copiously; to dwell in narration; to enlarge; with "on" or "upon".
dilate: To use a dilator to widen (something, such as a vagina).
chinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chink
caving: present participle and gerund of cave
halter: To place a halter on.
hushed: simple past and past participle of hush
pulled: simple past and past participle of pull
adding: present participle and gerund of add
heehaw: Alternative spelling of hee-haw
parked: simple past and past participle of park
trumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of trump
salaam: To perform a salaam to (someone).
dreams: third-person singular simple present indicative of dream
pummel: To hit or strike heavily and repeatedly.
shucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shuck
sounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sound
signed: simple past and past participle of sign
siphon: To transfer (liquid) by means of a siphon.
siphon: To steal or skim off money in small amounts; to embezzle.
phases: third-person singular simple present indicative of phase
enamel: To coat or decorate with enamel.
enamel: To variegate with colours, as if with enamel.
enamel: To form a glossy surface like enamel upon.
enamel: To disguise with cosmetics, as a woman's complexion.
thrift: To obtain from a thrift shop.
pranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prank
lodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of lodge
lodged: simple past and past participle of lodge
raffle: To award something by means of a raffle or random drawing.
raffle: To participate in a raffle.
paired: simple past and past participle of pair
glamor: Alternative spelling of glamour
reduct: To reduce.
reduct: To duct tape again.
reduct: To channel through a duct again.
harrow: To drag a harrow over; to break up with a harrow.
harrow: To traumatize or disturb; to frighten or torment.
harrow: To break or tear, as if with a harrow; to wound; to lacerate; to torment or distress; to vex.
rocked: simple past and past participle of rock
causes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cause
garter: to fasten with a garter
buying: present participle and gerund of buy
pig it: To live slovenly, in squalor.
varied: simple past and past participle of vary
voting: present participle and gerund of vote
libels: third-person singular simple present indicative of libel
chunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chunk
milady: To address as “milady”.
lemons: third-person singular simple present indicative of lemon
saucer: To pour (tea, etc.) from the cup into the saucer in order to cool it before drinking.
saucer: Of the eyes: to become large and round.
unlade: To unload.
unlade: To disburden; take the burden from; relieve.
unlade: To discharge the cargo from.
unlade: To discharge a cargo; discharge a burden.
emblem: To symbolize.
crumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of crumb
cellar: To store in a cellar.
unlaid: simple past and past participle of unlay
images: third-person singular simple present indicative of image
marker: To mark or write on (something) using a marker
slated: simple past and past participle of slate
unmade: simple past and past participle of unmake
denied: simple past and past participle of deny
unyoke: To release something from a yoke or harness.
unyoke: To disconnect, unlink.
unyoke: To liberate, deliver from oppression.
unyoke: To unyoke an animal.
unyoke: To cease from labour.
brings: third-person singular simple present indicative of bring
limits: third-person singular simple present indicative of limit
elides: third-person singular simple present indicative of elide
thinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of think
stocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stock
claims: third-person singular simple present indicative of claim
unload: To remove the load or cargo from (a vehicle, etc.).
unload: To remove (the load or cargo) from a vehicle, etc.
unload: To deposit one's load or cargo.
unload: To give vent to or express; to unburden oneself of.
unload: To remove (something previously loaded) from memory.
unload: To discharge, pour, or expel.
unload: To get rid of or dispose of.
unload: To reduce the vertical load factor on (an airplane's wing or other lifting surface), typically by pitching downwards toward the ground to decrease angle of attack and reduce the amount of lift generated.
unload: To deliver forcefully.
unload: To ejaculate, particularly within an orifice.
unload: To remove the charge from.
calves: third-person singular simple present indicative of calve
missed: simple past and past participle of miss
helped: simple past and past participle of help
tested: simple past and past participle of test
issued: simple past and past participle of issue.
courts: third-person singular simple present indicative of court
deport: To comport (oneself); to behave.
deport: To evict, especially from a country.
sharks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shark
nought: To abase, to set at nought.
racing: present participle and gerund of race
farrow: To give birth to a (litter of piglets).
fields: third-person singular simple present indicative of field
arches: third-person singular simple present indicative of arch
wishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wish
writes: third-person singular simple present indicative of write
infirm: To contradict, to provide proof that something is not.
rendre: Archaic form of render.
rivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of river
thewed: simple past and past participle of thew
benumb: To make numb, as by cold or anesthetic.
benumb: To deaden, dull (the mind, faculties, etc.).
zhoosh: To tweak, finesse or improve (something); to make more appealing or exciting. Usually with up.
zhoosh: To blend ingredients together using an electric food mixer.
mabble: To wrap up.
decode: To convert from an encrypted form to plain text.
decode: To figure out something difficult to interpret.
exists: third-person singular simple present indicative of exist
footer: To meddle with or pass time without accomplishing anything meaningful.
madefy: To make wet or moist. [15th—18th centuries]
madefy: To make wet or moist.
cavern: To form a cavern or deep depression in.
cavern: To put into a cavern.
maffle: To stammer.
gabble: To talk fast, idly, foolishly, or without meaning.
gabble: To utter inarticulate sounds with rapidity.
irrupt: To break into.
irrupt: To enter forcibly or uninvited.
irrupt: To rapidly increase or intensify.
irrupt: Misspelling of erupt.
macule: To blur or be blurred; especially to blur or double an impression from type.
deterr: Misspelling of deter.
rumble: To make a low, heavy, continuous sound.
rumble: To discover deceitful or underhanded behaviour.
rumble: To move while making a rumbling noise.
rumble: To fight; to brawl.
rumble: To provide haptic feedback by vibrating.
rumble: To cause to pass through a rumble, or polishing machine.
rumble: To murmur; to ripple.
seesaw: To use a seesaw.
seesaw: To fluctuate.
seesaw: To cause to move backward and forward in seesaw fashion.
yaffle: Of the green woodpecker: to make its distinctive cry.
yaffle: To eat.
mousse: To apply mousse (styling cream).
lancet: To pierce with a lancet.
agrise: To shudder with horror; to tremble, to be terrified.
agrise: To make tremble, to terrify.
nether: To bring or thrust down; bring or make low; lower; abase; humble.
nether: To constrict; straiten; confine; restrict; suppress; lay low; keep under; press in upon; vex; harass; oppress.
nether: To pinch or stunt with cold or hunger; check in growth; shrivel; straiten.
nether: To shrink or huddle, as with cold; be shivery; tremble.
nether: To depreciate; disparage; undervalue.
enjoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjoy
boodle: To engage in bribery.
mosaic: To arrange in a mosaic.
corral: To capture or round up.
corral: To place inside of a corral.
corral: To make a circle of vehicles, as of wagons so as to form a corral.
blazen: To set ablaze
blazen: To be ablaze
distil: To exude (a liquid) in small drops; also, to give off (a vapour) which condenses in small drops.
distil: To impart (information, etc.) in small quantities; to infuse.
distil: To heat (a substance, usually a liquid) so that a vapour is produced, and then to cool the vapour so that it condenses back into a liquid, either to purify the original substance or to obtain one of its components; to subject to distillation.
distil: Followed by off or out: to expel (a volatile substance) from something by distillation.
distil: To extract the essence of (something) by, or as if by, distillation; to concentrate, to purify.
distil: To transform a thing (into something else) by distillation.
distil: To make (something, especially spirits such as gin and whisky) by distillation.
distil: To dissolve or melt (something).
distil: To fall or trickle down in small drops; to exude, to ooze out; also, to come out as a vapour which condenses in small drops.
distil: To flow or pass gently or slowly; hence (figuratively) to be manifested gently or gradually.
distil: To drip or be wet with some liquid.
distil: To turn into a vapour and then condense back into a liquid; to undergo or be produced by distillation.
speaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of speak
curvet: Of a horse or, by extension, another animal: to leap about, to frolic.
curvet: To cause to leap about, dart or jump.
curvet: To fly or swim with darting movements.
curvet: (of a person) To prance; to caper, frolic.
curvet: (of an object) To jump, skip, shake.
deckle: To give deckles to (paper).
struts: third-person singular simple present indicative of strut
typing: present participle and gerund of type
ashame: To feel shame; to be ashamed.
ashame: To make ashamed; to shame.
chucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chuck
meagre: To make lean.
truant: To play truant.
truant: To idle away; to waste.
truant: To idle away time.
begins: third-person singular simple present indicative of begin
rested: simple past and past participle of rest
feared: simple past and past participle of fear
hurrah: To give a hurrah (to somebody).
inches: third-person singular simple present indicative of inch
futter: (obsolete) To fuck.
drogue: To harpoon or spear (a whale) with a weapon that has a drogue attached.
drogue: To use a drogue with.
drogue: To act as a drogue, slowing down and stabilizing a drifting object.
drogue: To transport small loads along the coastline to larger ports, where they can be added to the cargo of larger ships that make longer journeys.
confab: Clipping of confabulate (“to speak casually with somebody; to chat”).
fimble: To fumble; do (anything) imperfectly or irresolutely.
fewter: To rest (a spear) in its fewter.
goffer: To make wavy; to crimp.
brains: third-person singular simple present indicative of brain
witter: To speak at length on a trivial subject.
witter: to make sure, inform, or declare.
hoyden: To behave in a hoydenish manner.
jaunce: To prance; to frolic.
jaunce: To jolt or shake.
offers: third-person singular simple present indicative of offer
larrup: To beat or thrash.
hurray: To cheer with a "hurray".
streek: To stretch.
streek: To lay out, as a dead body.
housel: To administer the Eucharist to.
housel: To prepare for a journey.
sublet: To grant a sublease out of property held under a lease.
mobled: simple past and past participle of moble
abhors: third-person singular simple present indicative of abhor
abases: third-person singular simple present indicative of abase
abides: third-person singular simple present indicative of abide
levant: To abscond or run away, especially to avoid paying money or debts.
ecycle: To recycle or re-use electronic or electrical waste.
ecycle: To break down and reuse component materials or parts of electronic or electrical equipment.
ecycle: To reuse equipment as a whole, following data cleansing and reconfiguration.
martel: To strike a blow with, or as with, a hammer.
aborts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abort
legate: To leave as a legacy.
cut up: To cut upward.
cut up: To cut into smaller pieces, parts, or sections.
cut up: To lacerate; to wound by multiple lacerations; to injure or damage by cutting, or as if by cutting.
cut up: To distress mentally or emotionally.
cut up: To severely criticize or censure; to subject to hostile criticism.
cut up: To behave like a clown or jokester (a cut-up); to misbehave; to act in a playful, comical, boisterous, or unruly manner to elicit laughter, attention, etc.
cut up: To move aggressively in front of another vehicle while driving.
cut up: To disintegrate; to break into pieces.
cut up: To divide into portions well or badly; to have the property left at one's death turn out well or poorly when divided among heirs, legatees, etc.
cut up: Comprise a particular selection of runners.
blotch: To mark with blotches.
blotch: To develop blotches, to become blotchy.
revere: to regard someone or something with great awe or devotion.
revere: to honour in a form lesser than worship, e.g. a saint, or an idol
shares: third-person singular simple present indicative of share
towers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tower
humble: To defeat or reduce the power, independence, or pride of
humble: To make humble or lowly; to make less proud or arrogant; to make meek and submissive.
humble: To hum.
humble: Alternative form of hummel.
sleuth: To act as a detective; to try to discover who committed a crime, or, more generally, to solve a mystery.
stores: third-person singular simple present indicative of store
hooded: simple past and past participle of hood
inrush: To rush in.
jockey: To ride (a horse) in a race.
jockey: To jostle by riding against.
jockey: To maneuver (something) by skill for one's advantage.
jockey: To cheat or trick.
tittle: To chatter.
tchick: to make a tchick sound.
tingle: To feel a prickling or mildly stinging sensation.
tingle: To cause to feel a prickling or mildly stinging sensation.
tingle: To ring; to tinkle or twang.
tingle: To cause to ring, to tinkle.
tingle: To fasten with a tingle; to tack.
tingle: To patch with a tingle; to cover a hole in something that needs to be watertight.
tingle: To secure the middle of a guide line by means of a tingle.
tomtom: Alternative form of tom-tom
tot up: To calculate the sum of a number of numbers or quantities.
tot up: To add up (to).
angels: third-person singular simple present indicative of angel
shroom: To take magic mushrooms.
livery: To clothe.
sawing: present participle and gerund of saw
tailed: simple past and past participle of tail
towing: present participle and gerund of tow
top up: To refill (or recharge) something.
top up: To add to a credit balance.
top up: To refill (or recharge) something.
top up: To refill a drink.
top up: To refill (or recharge) something.
top up: To add to a number or amount, to bring something up to a certain level.
top up: To refill (or recharge) something.
top up: To have sex (with).
aberrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of aberr
abears: third-person singular simple present indicative of abear
remise: To send or give back.
remise: To surrender all interest in a property by executing a deed, to quitclaim.
abling: present participle and gerund of able
aboded: simple past and past participle of abode
abodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of abode
abords: third-person singular simple present indicative of abord
abying: present participle and gerund of aby
abying: present participle and gerund of abye
brevet: To promote by brevet.
abands: third-person singular simple present indicative of aband
toffee: To coat in toffee.
ablute: To wash oneself.
ablute: To wash.
stokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoke
nestle: To settle oneself comfortably and snugly.
nestle: To press oneself against another affectionately.
nestle: To lie half-hidden or in shelter.
nestle: To build or sit upon a nest.
nestle: Of a bird: to look after its young.
nestle: To move or place into a comfortable position
adzing: present participle and gerund of adze
adzing: present participle and gerund of adz
adview: Obsolete form of aview.
advoke: To summon or call (to a higher tribunal).
accoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of accoy
airted: simple past and past participle of airt
sicken: To make ill.
sicken: To become ill.
sicken: To fill with disgust or abhorrence.
sicken: To lower the standing of.
sicken: To be filled with disgust or abhorrence.
sicken: To become disgusting or tedious.
sicken: To become weak; to decay; to languish.
baying: present participle and gerund of bay
honors: third-person singular simple present indicative of honor
aiding: present participle and gerund of aid
aiming: present participle and gerund of aim
agists: third-person singular simple present indicative of agist
agoing: present participle and gerund of go
mashed: simple past and past participle of mash
accoll: To embrace; cling to.
aguise: To dress; to array.
trials: third-person singular simple present indicative of trial
labels: third-person singular simple present indicative of label
prices: third-person singular simple present indicative of price
spaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of space
zeroed: simple past and past participle of zero. Cf. also zeroized.
tacked: simple past and past participle of tack
acutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of acute
groups: third-person singular simple present indicative of group
aguing: present participle and gerund of ague
acuted: simple past and past participle of acute
co-opt: To elect as a fellow member of a group, such as a committee.
co-opt: To commandeer, appropriate or take over.
co-opt: To absorb or assimilate into an established group.
zeroes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zero
chairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chair
counts: third-person singular simple present indicative of count
washed: simple past and past participle of wash
wrongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrong
scrump: To gather windfalls or small apples left on trees.
scrump: To steal fruit, especially apples, from a garden or orchard.
scrump: To pinch, stint; to beat down in price.
scrump: To have sex.
storms: third-person singular simple present indicative of storm
ailing: present participle and gerund of ail
sunken: past participle of sink
deaden: To render less lively; to diminish; to muffle.
deaden: To become less lively; to diminish (by itself).
deaden: To make soundproof.
copied: simple past and past participle of copy
adapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adapt
valued: simple past and past participle of value
glazed: simple past and past participle of glaze
spurns: third-person singular simple present indicative of spurn
worlds: third-person singular simple present indicative of world
jaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaunt
earned: simple past and past participle of earn
tracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of track
floods: third-person singular simple present indicative of flood
drying: present participle and gerund of dry
chemic: To bleach with a solution of chloride of lime.
edited: simple past and past participle of edit
mapped: simple past and past participle of map
charms: third-person singular simple present indicative of charm
boomed: simple past and past participle of boom
zareba: Alternative spelling of zariba
stucco: To coat or decorate with stucco.
quotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of quote
trepan: To create a large hole by making a narrow groove outlining the shape of the hole and then removing the plug of material remaining by less expensive means.
trepan: To use a trepan; to trephine.
trepan: To ensnare; to seduce, to trick.
clicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of click
seance: Alternative spelling of séance
wtfpwn: To dominate or defeat thoroughly (as in a video game).
yachts: third-person singular simple present indicative of yacht
séance: To hold a séance (communication with spirits).
try on: To test the look or fit of (a garment) by wearing it.
try on: To attempt; to undertake.
Murphy: To swindle by means of the Murphy game confidence trick.
tubing: present participle and gerund of tube
purfle: To decorate (wood, cloth etc.) with a purfle or ornamental border; to border.
purfle: 1885, Sir Richard Burton, “The Porter and the Three Ladies of Baghdad”, in The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night, volume 1
purfle: It came to pass on a certain day, as he stood about the street leaning idly upon his crate, behold, there stood before him an honourable woman in a mantilla of Mosul silk, broidered with gold and bordered with brocade; her walking shoes were also purfled with gold and her hair floated in long plaits.
purfle: 2003, Tom Robbins, Villa Incognito
purfle: Remembering the exchange now, Dickie smiled that winning southern-boy smile. Then he went glum again. He thumped the purfled sound board.
purfle: To ornament with purfle.
slo-mo: To move in, or as if in, slow motion.
slo-mo: To apply a slow motion effect to (a video etc.).
has to: third-person singular simple present indicative of have to
sungen: Alternative form of sung
smurfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smurf
plates: third-person singular simple present indicative of plate
splish: To make a light splashing sound.
hallow: To make holy, to sanctify.
hallow: To shout, especially to urge on dogs for hunting.
sumach: Obsolete spelling of sumac
exeunt: They leave the stage (a stage direction to two or more actors, the plural counterpart of exit).
birdie: To score a birdie.
birdie: To score a birdie at (a hole).
rebels: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebel
gaping: present participle and gerund of gape
enamor: To cause to be in love.
enamor: To captivate.
suckle: To give suck to; to nurse at the breast, udder, or dugs.
suckle: To nurse; to suck milk from a nursing mother.
suckle: To nurse from (a breast, nursing mother, etc.).
skirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of skirt
bestir: To put into brisk or vigorous action; to move with life and vigor.
bestir: To make active; to rouse oneself.
tuning: present participle and gerund of tune
ticked: simple past and past participle of tick
roadie: To act as a roadie
gargle: to clean one's mouth by holding water or some other liquid in the back of the mouth and blowing air out from the lungs
gargle: to make a sound like the one made while gargling
gargle: to clean a specific part of the body by gargling (almost always throat or mouth)
gargle: to use (a liquid) for purposes of cleaning one's mouth or throat by gargling.
quaere: To ask or query; used imperatively to introduce a question or signify doubt.
physic: To cure or heal.
physic: To administer medicine to, especially a purgative.
stoked: simple past and past participle of stoke
noting: present participle and gerund of note
teepee: Alternative form of TP (“to cover with toilet paper”)
exodus: To depart from a place in a large group.
excise: To impose an excise tax on something.
excise: To cut out; to remove.
mickey: To secretly slip drugs into somebody's drink.
blends: third-person singular simple present indicative of blend
headed: simple past and past participle of head
equals: third-person singular simple present indicative of equal
wimple: To cover with a wimple.
wimple: To draw down; to lower, like a veil.
wimple: To cause to appear as if laid in folds or plaits; to cause to ripple or undulate.
wimple: To flutter.
veiled: simple past and past participle of veil
adores: third-person singular simple present indicative of adore
bravos: third-person singular simple present indicative of bravo
rigged: simple past and past participle of rig
appose: To interrogate; to question.
appose: To place next or to or near to; to juxtapose.
appose: To place opposite or before; to put or apply (one thing to another).
refill: To fill up once again.
refill: To repeat a prescription.
renate: To be reborn or reincarnated.
lotion: To cover or treat with a lotion.
sluice: To emit by, or as by, flood gates.
sluice: To wet copiously, as by opening a sluice
sluice: To wash with, or in, a stream of water running through a sluice.
sluice: To wash (down or out).
sluice: To flow, pour.
sluice: To elide the complement in a coordinated wh-question. See sluicing.
aerate: To supply with oxygen or air.
aerate: To bubble or sparge with a gas, especially oxygen or air. Example: "The drink was aerated with carbon dioxide, making it fizzy."
aerate: To bubble or sparge with a gas, especially oxygen or air. Example: "The microbial growth medium was aerated at a rate of 5 litres per minute."
aerate: To incorporate a gas, especially oxygen or air, into a solid or semisolid material. Example: "The mousse was aerated by beating rapidly."
frowst: To enjoy being in a warm, close, stuffy place.
sickly: To make (something) sickly.
sickly: To become sickly.
timing: present participle and gerund of time
ranger: To work as a ranger.
deacon: For a choir leader to lead a hymn by speaking one or two lines at a time, which are then sung by the choir.
deacon: To kill a calf shortly after birth.
deacon: To place fresh fruit at the top of a barrel or other container, with spoiled or imperfect fruit hidden beneath.
deacon: To make sly alterations to the boundaries of (land); to adulterate or doctor (an article to be sold), etc.
curdle: To form curds so that it no longer flows smoothly; to cause to form such curds. (usually said of milk)
curdle: To clot or coagulate; to cause to congeal, such as through cold. (metaphorically of blood)
curdle: To cause a liquid to spoil and form clumps so that it no longer flows smoothly
jigsaw: To cut something using a jigsaw.
pilled: simple past and past participle of pill
intern: To imprison somebody, usually without trial.
intern: To imprison somebody, usually without trial.
intern: To confine or hold (foreign military personnel who stray into the state's territory) within prescribed limits during wartime.
intern: To internalize.
intern: To work as an intern, usually with little or no pay or other legal prerogatives of employment, and for the purpose of furthering a program of education.
ghosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ghost
lasted: simple past and past participle of last
visits: third-person singular simple present indicative of visit
shapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shape
occurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of occur
enters: third-person singular simple present indicative of enter
raddle: To mark with raddle; to daub something red.
raddle: To interweave or twist together.
raddle: To do work in a slovenly way.
lariat: To lasso.
quoted: simple past and past participle of quote
clerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clerk
priced: simple past and past participle of price
rappel: To abseil.
rappel: To call back a hawk.
runnel: To create channels for directing the flow of liquid.
ruckle: To crease or wrinkle.
ruckle: To make a rattling noise in the throat.
mascot: To act as a mascot (for).
garrot: Alternative form of garrote
schuss: To ski a schuss.
leaden: To make or become dull or overcast.
pallet: To load or stack (goods) onto pallets.
whites: third-person singular simple present indicative of white
scutch: To beat or whip; to drub.
scutch: To separate the woody fibre from (flax, hemp, etc.) by beating; to swingle.
yawned: simple past and past participle of yawn
repine: To complain; to regret; to fret.
repine: To long for (something) discontentedly.
repine: To fail; to wane.
tended: simple past and past participle of tend
viewed: simple past and past participle of view
eagles: third-person singular simple present indicative of eagle
guides: third-person singular simple present indicative of guide
clocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clock
flutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flute
commas: third-person singular simple present indicative of comma
skills: third-person singular simple present indicative of skill
trades: third-person singular simple present indicative of trade
hotdog: Alternative form of hot dog
spurge: To emit foam; to froth; said of the emission of yeast from beer during fermentation.
emboss: To cause (something) to stick out or swell; to extrude; also, to cause (someone or something) to be covered in swellings.
emboss: To make (a design on a coin, an ornament on an object, etc.) stand out from a surface.
emboss: To represent (a subject) on an object in relief; also, of a design or subject: to stand out on (an object) in relief.
emboss: To decorate or mark (something) with a design or symbol in relief.
emboss: To decorate (something) with bosses (“ornamental convex protuberances”); to boss; hence, to decorate (something) richly.
emboss: To cause (something) to be prominent or stand out.
emboss: To make (speech, etc.) unduly bombastic or grand.
emboss: Of a hunted animal: to take shelter in a forest or wood.
emboss: To drive (a hunted animal) to exhaustion by chasing it; to exhaust; hence, to make (a hunted animal) foam at the mouth due to exhaustion from being chased.
emboss: To cause (an animal's body, a person's mouth, etc.) to be covered with foam.
emboss: To cause (someone, their heart or soul, etc.) to become extremely fatigued; to exhaust.
emboss: Of a person: to foam at the mouth; also (figurative), to be furious, to rage.
emboss: To enclose or suit (a person) in armour.
emboss: To enclose or surround (someone or something).
charts: third-person singular simple present indicative of chart
gimlet: To pierce or bore holes (as if using a gimlet).
gimlet: To turn round (an anchor) as if turning a gimlet.
hating: present participle and gerund of hate
chives: third-person singular simple present indicative of chive
coasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coast
checks: third-person singular simple present indicative of check
cramps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cramp
bating: present participle and gerund of bate
closes: third-person singular simple present indicative of close
cocked: simple past and past participle of cock
radios: third-person singular simple present indicative of radio
roofed: simple past and past participle of roof
snakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snake
gelded: simple past and past participle of geld
patter: To make irregularly repeated sounds of low-to-moderate magnitude and lower-than-average pitch.
patter: To spatter; to sprinkle.
patter: To speak glibly and rapidly, as does an auctioneer or a sports commentator.
patter: To repeat the Lord's Prayer.
patter: To pray.
patter: To repeat hurriedly; to mutter.
get by: To subsist; to succeed, survive, or manage, at least at a minimal level.
add up: To take the sum of; to total.
add up: To accumulate; to amount to.
add up: To make sense; to be reasonable or consistent.
sagger: Alternative form of saggar
fallow: To make land fallow for agricultural purposes.
curves: third-person singular simple present indicative of curve
elders: third-person singular simple present indicative of elder
bowing: present participle and gerund of bow (all senses)
biases: third-person singular simple present indicative of bias
refuel: To refill with fuel.
basing: present participle and gerund of base
reigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of reign
belied: simple past and past participle of belie
santer: to saunter
scurry: To run with quick light steps, to scamper.
roared: simple past and past participle of roar
curtsy: Alternative spelling of curtsey
eddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of eddy
petted: simple past and past participle of pet
scruff: To lift or carry by the scruff.
knives: third-person singular simple present indicative of knive
rubric: To adorn with red; to redden.
rubric: To organise or classify into rubrics
tendre: Obsolete form of tender.
hurled: simple past and past participle of hurl
rosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ross
wading: present participle and gerund of wade
sludge: To slump or slouch.
sludge: To slop or drip slowly.
dances: third-person singular simple present indicative of dance
lurked: simple past and past participle of lurk
gavage: To stuff or glut with something
gasped: simple past and past participle of gasp
darted: simple past and past participle of dart
lunged: simple past and past participle of lunge
termed: simple past and past participle of term
letten: past participle of let
smithy: to forge, especially by hand
dabble: To make slightly wet or soiled by spattering or sprinkling a liquid (such as water, mud, or paint) on it; to bedabble.
dabble: To cause splashing by moving a body part like a bill or limb in soft mud, water, etc., often playfully; to play in shallow water; to paddle.
dabble: To feed without diving, by submerging the head and neck underwater to seek food, often also tipping up the tail straight upwards above the water.
dabble: To participate or have an interest in an activity in a casual or superficial way.
dabble: To interfere or meddle in; to tamper with.
suited: simple past and past participle of suit
shells: third-person singular simple present indicative of shell
tastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of taste
fatten: To cause (a person or animal) to be fat or fatter.
fatten: To become fat or fatter.
fatten: To make thick or thicker (something containing paper, often money).
fatten: To become thick or thicker.
fatten: To make (soil) fertile and fruitful.
fatten: To become fertile and fruitful.
arouse: To stimulate or induce (feelings).
arouse: To sexually stimulate.
arouse: To sexually stimulate.
arouse: To cause an erection of the penis or other physical signs of sexual arousal, such as fluid secretion.
arouse: To wake from sleep or stupor; to rouse.
strobe: To flash like a stroboscopic lamp.
throws: third-person singular simple present indicative of throw
lacked: simple past and past participle of lack
lavage: To wash a hollow organ
fuming: present participle and gerund of fume
naming: present participle and gerund of name
porked: simple past and past participle of pork
boards: third-person singular simple present indicative of board
lidded: simple past and past participle of lid
bobbar: To defecate.
loafer: To loaf around; to be idle.
taketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of take
scraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrap
sauter: Dated form of sauté.
sauter: Misspelling of solder.
parang: To cut with a parang
parang: To play parang music
crutch: To support on crutches; to prop up.
crutch: To move on crutches.
crutch: To shear the hindquarters of a sheep; to dag.
crutch: to stir with a crutch.
pieing: present participle and gerund of pie
fit in: To fit physically into a place.
fit in: To find a place for within a schedule.
fit in: To be of a like type with others; to be socially accepted.
fit in: To suit or conform to.
attune: To bring into musical accord.
attune: To tune (an instrument).
attune: To bring into harmony or accord.
attune: To fill with music.
leaded: simple past and past participle of lead
shears: third-person singular simple present indicative of shear
shende: Obsolete spelling of shend
amerce: To impose a fine on; to fine.
amerce: To punish; to make an exaction.
enlist: To enter on a list; to enroll; to register.
enlist: To voluntarily join a cause or organization, especially military service.
enlist: To recruit the aid or membership of others.
enlist: To secure; to obtain.
harken: Alternative spelling of hearken: to hear, to listen, to have regard.
harken: To hark back, to return or revert (to a subject, etc.), to allude to, to evoke, to long or pine for (a past event or era).
wooing: present participle and gerund of woo
banded: simple past and past participle of band
belled: simple past and past participle of bell
barbed: simple past and past participle of barb
streel: To trail along; to saunter or be drawn along, carelessly, swaying in a kind of zigzag motion.
basted: simple past and past participle of baste
tetter: To affect with tetter.
slopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slope
canoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of canoe
flocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of flock
ledger: To record (something) in, or as if in, a ledger.
ledger: To use (a certain type of bait) in bottom fishing.
ledger: To engage in bottom fishing.
tagged: simple past and past participle of tag
logged: simple past and past participle of log
sculpt: To form by sculpture.
sculpt: To work as a sculptor.
sculpt: To carve out gradually.
giveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of give
cometh: third-person singular simple present indicative of come
yclept: past participle of clepe
limber: To cause to become limber; to make flexible or pliant.
limber: To prepare an artillery piece for transportation (i.e., to attach it to its limber.)
fardel: To make up in fardels; to bunch.
quaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of quaff
suitor: To play the suitor; to woo; to make love.
chippy: To take drugs (especially heroin) on an occasional basis, rather than as an addict.
gaming: present participle and gerund of game
feasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of feast
lipped: simple past and past participle of lip
treats: third-person singular simple present indicative of treat
dacoit: To commit armed robbery.
debark: To unload goods from an aircraft or ship.
debark: To disembark.
debark: To remove the bark from a tree, especially one that has been felled.
debark: To devocalize (a dog).
cut it: To suffice; to be effective or successful.
gallow: To frighten or terrify.
bewray: To accuse; malign; speak evil of.
bewray: To reveal, divulge, or make (something) known; disclose.
bewray: To reveal or disclose and show the presence or true character of, especially if unintentionally or incidentally, or else if perfidiously, prejudicially, or to one's discredit.
bewray: To reveal, divulge, or make (something) known; disclose.
bewray: To expose or rat out (someone).
bewray: To reveal, divulge, or make (something) known; disclose.
bewray: To expose to harm.
bewray: To reveal, divulge, or make (something) known; disclose.
bewray: To expose (a deception).
bewray: To reveal, divulge, or make (something) known; disclose.
bewray: To soil or befoul; to beray.
pother: To make a bustle or stir; to be fussy.
pother: To puzzle or perplex.
snivel: To breathe heavily through the nose while it is congested with nasal mucus.
snivel: To cry while sniffling; to whine or complain while crying.
snivel: To say (something) while sniffling or crying.
amazed: simple past and past participle of amaze
cooled: simple past and past participle of cool
waving: present participle and gerund of wave
aroint: to dispel, to drive away
kicked: simple past and past participle of kick
inspan: To yoke (oxen).
inspan: To bring or force into service.
cackle: To make a sharp, broken noise or cry, as a hen or goose does.
cackle: To laugh with a broken sound similar to a hen's cry.
cackle: To talk in a silly manner; to prattle.
cackle: To pretend to rattle (dice) in one's hand while gripping them so that they maintain their orientation.
merged: simple past and past participle of merge
fadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fade
warmed: simple past and past participle of warm
pincer: To surround with a pincer attack.
wagers: third-person singular simple present indicative of wager
derail: To cause to come off the tracks.
derail: To come off the tracks.
derail: To deviate from the previous course or direction.
derail: To cause to deviate from a set course or direction.
wrecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreck
heeled: simple past and past participle of heel
graves: third-person singular simple present indicative of grave
minded: simple past and past participle of mind
yeehaw: To shout yee-haw, or exclaim in a similar manner.
yabber: To talk, jabber.
reflux: To flow back or return.
reflux: To boil a liquid in a vessel having a reflux condenser
issues: third-person singular simple present indicative of issue
caring: present participle and gerund of care
curled: simple past and past participle of curl
nurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of nurse
spooge: To ejaculate.
aliens: third-person singular simple present indicative of alien
wailed: simple past and past participle of wail
poleax: Alternative spelling of poleaxe
muller: To grind up into, or as if into, powder.
muller: To beat; to thrash (a person).
muller: To defeat or destroy utterly (as in a sport or competition).
ration: To supply with a ration; to limit (someone) to a specific allowance of something.
ration: To portion out (especially during a shortage of supply); to limit access to.
ration: To restrict (an activity etc.)
curmur: To murmur or rumble.
curmur: To experience indigestion or flatulence; to fart.
licked: simple past and past participle of lick
rubify: to make red; to cause to redden
rubify: to redden; to become red
smokum: To smoke.
starts: third-person singular simple present indicative of start
prepay: To pay in advance, or beforehand
sexing: present participle and gerund of sex
wetten: To make wet; to wet
enrobe: To invest or adorn with a robe or vestment; to attire.
enrobe: To coat or cover.
irking: present participle and gerund of irk
arises: third-person singular simple present indicative of arise
apples: third-person singular simple present indicative of apple
unsafe: To remove the safety from (a weapon).
harang: Alternative spelling of harangue To give a forceful and lengthy lecture or criticism to someone
chewed: simple past and past participle of chew
peters: third-person singular simple present indicative of peter
swears: third-person singular simple present indicative of swear
grinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of grind
mummer: Synonym of mum (“to act in pantomime or dumb show”)
shines: third-person singular simple present indicative of shine
dig in: To begin eating.
dig in: To engage in a burst of hard work.
dig in: To dig trenches to resist an enemy attack.
dig in: To adopt a resolute state of mind.
dig in: To cover over by digging.
minced: simple past and past participle of mince
strech: Misspelling of stretch.
gobbet: To splash with small quantities of liquid; to spatter.
gobbet: To swallow greedily; to swallow in gobbets.
lap up: To consume by lapping
lap up: To revel in, to overtly enjoy
danken: To make dank (all senses)
amused: simple past and past participle of amuse
rattan: To beat with a rattan cane.
spears: third-person singular simple present indicative of spear
go for: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, for.
go for: To try for, to attempt to reach.
go for: To undertake (an action); to choose an option.
go for: To attack.
go for: To develop a strong interest in, especially in a sudden manner; to be infatuated with.
go for: To favor, accept; to have a preference for.
go for: To apply equally to.
go for: To suffice to be used for; to serve as.
go for: To be accepted as.
awards: third-person singular simple present indicative of award
rapine: To plunder.
pearls: third-person singular simple present indicative of pearl
attorn: To transfer one's obligations from one person to another person.
attorn: To consent to the transfer of one's obligations as tenant under a lease to a new landlord.
attorn: To acknowledge the jurisdiction of (a particular court) over one's dispute.
excuss: To shake off.
excuss: To examine (a document).
excuss: To decipher.
excuss: To seize and detain by law.
excuss: To proceed against a principal debtor where there are either joint debtors or debtors and sureties.
mistle: To fall like a fine rain; to drizzle.
lenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of lens
echoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of echo
grains: third-person singular simple present indicative of grain
semble: To imitate; to make a representation or likeness.
semble: It seems; it appears that
listed: simple past and past participle of list
allies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ally
swayed: simple past and past participle of sway
bagged: simple past and past participle of bag
horned: simple past and past participle of horn
alarum: To sound alarums, to sound an alarm.
hailed: simple past and past participle of hail
barred: simple past and past participle of bar
barred: simple past and past participle of barr
angles: third-person singular simple present indicative of angle
nursed: simple past and past participle of nurse
models: third-person singular simple present indicative of model
blinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of blind
crazed: simple past and past participle of craze
cracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of crack
swinge: To singe.
swinge: To move like a lash; to lash.
swinge: To strike hard.
swinge: To chastise; to beat.
ensued: simple past and past participle of ensue
hinted: simple past and past participle of hint
healed: simple past and past participle of heal
prized: simple past and past participle of prize
sights: third-person singular simple present indicative of sight
ageing: present participle and gerund of age
bathed: simple past and past participle of bathe
bathed: simple past and past participle of bath
gurgle: To flow with a bubbling sound.
gurgle: To make such a sound.
palled: simple past and past participle of pall
palled: simple past and past participle of pal
barney: To recite badly; to fail.
barney: To argue, to quarrel.
mahout: To drive (an elephant or elephants).
mahout: To drive elephants.
costar: to perform with the billing of a costar.
justle: To jostle.
gunzel: To engage in railway enthusiast activities.
yeasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeast
hoists: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoist
droves: third-person singular simple present indicative of drove
rashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rash
weirds: third-person singular simple present indicative of weird
smiths: third-person singular simple present indicative of smith
crimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of crimp
tokens: third-person singular simple present indicative of token
snares: third-person singular simple present indicative of snare
bogeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of bogey
antics: third-person singular simple present indicative of antic
sprogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprog
emcees: third-person singular simple present indicative of emcee
whelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of whelp
kebabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kebab
sirups: third-person singular simple present indicative of sirup
pleats: third-person singular simple present indicative of pleat
clefts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleft
shites: third-person singular simple present indicative of shite
barges: third-person singular simple present indicative of barge
shills: third-person singular simple present indicative of shill
withes: third-person singular simple present indicative of withe
wracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrack
blazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blaze
strays: third-person singular simple present indicative of stray
growls: third-person singular simple present indicative of growl
flyers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flyer
reuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reuse
anvils: third-person singular simple present indicative of anvil
plumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of plume
lassos: third-person singular simple present indicative of lasso
broche: Obsolete form of broach.
piques: third-person singular simple present indicative of pique
lepers: third-person singular simple present indicative of leper
gleeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gleek
risped: simple past and past participle of risp
sautés: third-person singular simple present indicative of sauté
chased: simple past and past participle of chase
refers: third-person singular simple present indicative of refer
gas up: To refuel (a vehicle).
gas up: To inflate (someone's ego).
ranged: simple past and past participle of range
metals: third-person singular simple present indicative of metal
spices: third-person singular simple present indicative of spice
boning: present participle and gerund of bone
inject: To push or pump (something, especially fluids) into a cavity or passage.
inject: To introduce (something) suddenly or violently.
inject: To administer an injection to (someone or something), especially of medicine or drugs.
inject: To take or be administered something by means of injection, especially medicine or drugs.
inject: To introduce (code) into an existing program or its memory space, often without tight integration and sometimes through a security vulnerability.
inject: To cast or throw; used with on.
inject: To introduce or add (something that is different or foreign).
dig up: to excavate something
dig up: to discover something by digging; to unearth
admits: third-person singular simple present indicative of admit
outgas: To release gaseous substances into the air, especially of a polymer material as it is aged or heated.
ankles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ankle
valved: simple past and past participle of valve
shafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of shaft
sobbed: simple past and past participle of sob
groans: third-person singular simple present indicative of groan
photos: third-person singular simple present indicative of photo
queens: third-person singular simple present indicative of queen
thorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of thorn
staves: third-person singular simple present indicative of stave
hotter: To vibrate; to rattle.
musing: present participle and gerund of muse
levels: third-person singular simple present indicative of level
busied: simple past and past participle of busy
rhymes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rhyme
loveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of love
tenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of tense
flared: simple past and past participle of flare
drench: To cause (someone) to drink; to provide (someone) with a drink.
drench: To cause (someone) to drink; to provide (someone) with a drink.
drench: To administer a dose or draught of liquid medicine to (an animal), often by force.
drench: To make (someone or something) completely wet by having water or some other liquid fall or thrown on them or it; to saturate, to soak; also (archaic), to make (someone or something) completely wet by immersing in water or some other liquid; to soak, to steep.
drench: To drown (someone).
drench: To overwhelm (someone); to drown, to engulf.
drench: To be drowned; also, to be immersed in water.
eyeing: present participle and gerund of eye
roquet: In croquet, to hit another live ball with the striker's ball, from which croquet is then taken.
liveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of live
glided: simple past and past participle of glide
peered: simple past and past participle of peer
relics: third-person singular simple present indicative of relic
glides: third-person singular simple present indicative of glide
shaded: simple past and past participle of shade
hoofed: simple past and past participle of hoof
disuse: To cease the use of.
disuse: To disaccustom.
shewed: simple past and past participle of shew
imbued: simple past and past participle of imbue
sinned: simple past and past participle of sin
camped: simple past and past participle of camp
eateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of eat
mayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of may
hateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hate
crieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cry
stoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of stove
fading: present participle and gerund of fade.
keloid: To form a keloid.
dwarfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwarf
mended: simple past and past participle of mend
fights: third-person singular simple present indicative of fight
pooped: simple past and past participle of poop
kirtle: To clothe or cover with, or as if with, a kirtle; to hitch up (a long garment) to the length of a kirtle.
salted: simple past and past participle of salt
hideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hide
brûlée: To create a sugary crust (on food), using a chef's torch.
sieged: simple past and past participle of siege
taping: present participle and gerund of tape
ripsaw: To cut with a ripsaw.
wastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of waste
commix: To mix separate things together.
commix: To become mixed; to amalgamate.
kayaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kayak
avouch: To declare freely and openly; to assert.
avouch: To acknowledge deliberately; to admit; to confess; to sanction.
avouch: To confirm or verify, to affirm the validity of.
avouch: To appeal to; to cite or claim as authority.
toiled: simple past and past participle of toil
delope: To fire a gun into the air in order to end a duel.
pimped: simple past and past participle of pimp
fry up: To prepare by frying.
detour: To make a detour.
detour: To direct or send on a detour.
puggle: To coax (a rabbit) from a burrow by poking a stick down the hole and moving it about; to delve into a hole in order to locate an animal.
puggle: To poke around a hole with a stick, as to explore, remove obstacles, etc.
solved: simple past and past participle of solve
scathe: To harm or injure (someone or something) physically.
scathe: To harm or injure (someone or something) physically.
scathe: To cause monetary loss to (someone).
scathe: To harm, injure, or destroy (someone or something) by fire, lightning, or some other heat source; to blast; to scorch; to wither.
scathe: To severely hurt (someone's feelings, soul, etc., or something intangible) through acts, words spoken, etc.
enjoin: To lay upon, as an order or command; to give an injunction to; to direct with authority; to order; to charge.
enjoin: To prescribe under authority; to ordain.
enjoin: To prohibit or restrain by a judicial order or decree; to put an injunction on.
keeled: simple past and past participle of keel
fix up: To provide (someone) with something; to furnish.
fix up: To set up a date or to introduce people with the intention of a possible romantic or sexual coupling.
fix up: To repair or refurbish.
fix up: To prepare or provide (something).
fix up: To settle up with; reimburse.
goosed: simple past and past participle of goose
talcum: To perfume with talcum powder.
T-bone: To collide perpendicularly with the side of another vehicle.
ceases: third-person singular simple present indicative of cease
avoids: third-person singular simple present indicative of avoid
hotkey: To navigate by means of a keyboard shortcut.
poised: simple past and past participle of poise
hot up: To heat up:
hot up: To increase in temperature.
hot up: To heat up:
hot up: To become more heated.
hot up: To heat up:
hot up: To make or become more sexually appealing, enticing or exciting.
briefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of brief
equate: To consider equal or equivalent (to or with).
equate: To set as equal.
mitred: simple past and past participle of mitre
sodden: To drench, soak or saturate.
sodden: To become soaked.
floors: third-person singular simple present indicative of floor
spells: third-person singular simple present indicative of spell
breeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of breed
mander: Alternative form of maunder
mander: Alternative form of gerrymander
spikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spike
sparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of spark
tinted: simple past and past participle of tint
fooled: simple past and past participle of fool
ashcan: To throw out like rubbish; to ditch or trash.
seines: third-person singular simple present indicative of seine
hockle: To damage cordage by twisting against the lay.
hockle: to disable by cutting the tendons of the ham.
hockle: To mow, as stubble.
hockle: To spit.
huckle: To apprehend or arrest.
stakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stake
adjure: To issue a formal command.
adjure: To earnestly appeal to or advise; to charge solemnly.
edging: present participle and gerund of edge
skiver: To skewer, impale.
styles: third-person singular simple present indicative of style
fullen: To make or become full
haunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of haunt
ribbed: simple past and past participle of rib
tramps: third-person singular simple present indicative of tramp
sleeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleep
wiping: present participle and gerund of wipe
spying: present participle and gerund of spy
dwells: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwell
hauled: simple past and past participle of haul
glowed: simple past and past participle of glow
fences: third-person singular simple present indicative of fence
creeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of creep
comfit: To make into a dry sugared confection.
reverb: To echo.
reverb: To apply a reverb (electronic echo effect) to.
ruleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rule
siding: present participle and gerund of side
riseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rise
soweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sow
noises: third-person singular simple present indicative of noise
buccan: To dry meat on such a frame.
poopoo: Alternative form of pooh-pooh
poopoo: To defecate.
corbel: To furnish with a corbel or corbels; to support by a corbel; to make in the form of a corbel.
ragout: To prepare (food) as a ragout.
larded: simple past and past participle of lard
locken: past participle of lock
wilted: simple past and past participle of wilt
debeak: To remove part of the beak of a chicken or other bird to prevent pecking in chicken farms.
oppugn: To contradict or controvert; to oppose; to challenge or question the truth or validity of a given statement.
studie: Obsolete spelling of study
mixing: present participle and gerund of mix
flieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fly
bairns: third-person singular simple present indicative of bairn
rideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ride
endeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of end
stalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of stall
pluckt: simple past and past participle of pluck
chaulk: Alternative spelling of chalk
haunch: To provide with a haunch or supporting structure.
haunch: To throw with an underhand movement.
vetted: simple past and past participle of vet
pandar: To pander (assist in the gratification of).
fetcht: Alternative form of fetched
nocked: simple past and past participle of nock
plunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of plunk
bleeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleed
do one: To go away, to leave; to get lost.
spoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoon
enacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of enact
ejects: third-person singular simple present indicative of eject
jammed: simple past and past participle of jam
elided: simple past and past participle of elide
walled: simple past and past participle of wall
strips: third-person singular simple present indicative of strip
filmed: simple past and past participle of film
lovest: second-person singular simple present indicative of love
gunned: simple past and past participle of gun
entend: Obsolete form of intend.
entend: To attend to; to apply oneself to.
paving: present participle and gerund of pave
narced: simple past and past participle of narc
blacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of black
napped: simple past and past participle of nap
denned: simple past and past participle of den
devive: To render lifeless.
scores: third-person singular simple present indicative of score
oozing: present participle and gerund of ooze
buttle: To serve as or perform the duties of a butler.
relaid: simple past and past participle of relay (“lay again”)
widows: third-person singular simple present indicative of widow; to make a widow of
imaged: simple past and past participle of image
retake: To take something again.
retake: To take something back.
retake: To capture or occupy somewhere again.
retake: To photograph or film again.
deeked: simple past and past participle of deek
deekin: present participle of deek
unpack: To remove from a package or container, particularly with respect to items that had previously been arranged closely and securely in a pack.
unpack: To empty containers that had been packed.
unpack: To analyze a concept or a text; to explain.
unpack: To undergo separation of its features into distinct segments.
unpack: To unzip, decompress.
speeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of speed
shooed: simple past and past participle of shoo
sicced: simple past and past participle of sic
paring: present participle and gerund of pare
soured: simple past and past participle of sour
swedge: To shape metal using a hammer or other force.
swedge: To leave (a restaurant etc.) without paying.
swedge: To fold under or round an object.
plodge: and (Wearside) To wade or splash around especially in the sea, or in puddles or mud.
fanged: simple past and past participle of fang
'tween: Alternative form of tween
wiling: present participle and gerund of wile
awaked: simple past and past participle of awake
clacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clack
rented: simple past and past participle of rent
arming: present participle and gerund of arm
plated: simple past and past participle of plate
yelled: simple past and past participle of yell
carven: past participle of carve.
alarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of alarm
housed: simple past and past participle of house
scaled: simple past and past participle of scale
slaver: To drool saliva from the mouth; to slobber.
slaver: To fawn.
slaver: To smear with saliva issuing from the mouth.
slaver: To be besmeared with saliva.
flanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of flank
raises: third-person singular simple present indicative of raise
joints: third-person singular simple present indicative of joint
grants: third-person singular simple present indicative of grant
chicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chick
envied: simple past and past participle of envy
envied: simple past and past participle of envie
booked: simple past and past participle of book
sowing: present participle and gerund of sow
foiled: simple past and past participle of foil
heaved: simple past and past participle of heave
hiring: present participle and gerund of hire
scored: simple past and past participle of score
laughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of laugh
pained: simple past and past participle of pain
baring: present participle and gerund of bare
pacing: present participle and gerund of pace
pucker: To pinch or wrinkle; to squeeze inwardly, to dimple or fold.
taxing: present participle and gerund of tax
coated: simple past and past participle of coat
mounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mound
prizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prize
singed: simple past and past participle of singe
elbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of elbow
blades: third-person singular simple present indicative of blade
meters: third-person singular simple present indicative of meter
homing: present participle and gerund of home
tipped: simple past and past participle of tip
joking: present participle and gerund of joke
joking: Kidding, trying to fool.
moored: simple past and past participle of moor
reeked: simple past and past participle of reek
gannin: present participle of gan
frying: present participle and gerund of fry
misses: third-person singular simple present indicative of miss
pishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pish
pricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prick
reekin: present participle of reek
straps: third-person singular simple present indicative of strap
crooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of crook
pished: simple past and past participle of pish
splint: To apply a splint to; to fasten with splints.
splint: To support one's abdomen with hands or a pillow before attempting to cough.
splint: To split into thin, slender pieces; to splinter.
paling: present participle and gerund of pale
hiking: present participle and gerund of hike
incase: Alternative spelling of encase
spaced: simple past and past participle of space
exiled: simple past and past participle of exile
beards: third-person singular simple present indicative of beard
angled: simple past and past participle of angle
nailed: simple past and past participle of nail
thirds: third-person singular simple present indicative of third
adults: third-person singular simple present indicative of adult
bungle: To incompetently perform (a task); to ruin (something) through incompetent action; to botch up, to bumble.
bungle: To act or work incompetently; to fumble.
billed: simple past and past participle of bill
coping: present participle and gerund of cope
dyeing: present participle and gerund of dye
radges: third-person singular simple present indicative of radge
smells: third-person singular simple present indicative of smell
seared: simple past and past participle of sear
buzzed: simple past and past participle of buzz
footed: simple past and past participle of foot
sayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of say
shakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shake
routed: simple past and past participle of route
routed: simple past and past participle of rout
powwow: To hold a meeting; to gather together in council.
powwow: To conduct a ritual in which magic is used.
powwow: To hold a private conference.
buy it: To die.
batten: To cause (an animal, etc.) to become fat or thrive through plenteous feeding; to fatten.
batten: To enrich or fertilize (land, soil, etc.).
batten: To become better; to improve in condition; especially of animals, by feeding; to fatten up.
batten: Of land, soil, etc.: to become fertile; also, of plants: to grow lush.
batten: Followed by on: to eat greedily; to glut.
batten: Followed by on: to prosper or thrive, especially at the expense of others.
batten: To gloat at; to revel in.
batten: To gratify a morbid appetite or craving.
batten: To furnish (something) with battens (noun sense 1).
batten: Chiefly followed by down: to fasten or secure (a hatch, opening, etc.) using battens (noun sense 2.2).
seined: simple past and past participle of seine
jigged: simple past and past participle of jig
peeing: present participle and gerund of pee
depave: To undo the act of paving; to remove pavement (especially if it is in the form of asphalt, concrete or the like) so as to restore the land to a more natural state.
oiling: present participle and gerund of oil
washes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wash
quilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of quilt
slaked: simple past and past participle of slake
budged: simple past and past participle of budge
gasbag: To speak foolishly, pompously, or at length; to blather.
aliyah: To make aliyah, to immigrate to Israel.
vittle: Alternative spelling of victual
gavels: third-person singular simple present indicative of gavel
sweats: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweat
hedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of hedge
jewing: present participle and gerund of jew
cadgin: present participle of cadge
cadged: simple past and past participle of cadge
cadges: third-person singular simple present indicative of cadge
piling: present participle and gerund of pile
waggon: Dated spelling of wagon.
weaned: simple past and past participle of wean
relied: simple past and past participle of rely
rivals: third-person singular simple present indicative of rival
guddle: To catch (fish) with the hands, especially by groping at the bank of a stream or under stones.
moders: third-person singular simple present indicative of moder
ganged: simple past and past participle of gang
mailed: simple past and past participle of mail
mailed: simple past and past participle of mail
unmans: third-person singular simple present indicative of unman
sleeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleek
wedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of wedge
yapped: simple past and past participle of yap
revile: To attack (someone) with abusive language.
facets: third-person singular simple present indicative of facet
cocker: To make a nestle-cock of; to indulge or pamper (particularly of children).
uglify: To make ugly; to destroy or worsen the appearance or attractiveness of.
uglify: To become ugly.
uglify: Synonym of minify
baited: simple past and past participle of bait
tap in: To kick a simple shot, without opposition, from close range into the goal.
tap in: To enter a public transport system (especially the London Underground) by tapping a travelcard on the card-reader
blames: third-person singular simple present indicative of blame
astore: To store; to furnish with stores.
sprong: simple past of spring
jerked: simple past and past participle of jerk
yields: third-person singular simple present indicative of yield
mug up: To study intensely.
deploy: To prepare and arrange (usually military unit or units) for use.
deploy: To unfold, open, or otherwise become ready for use.
deploy: To install, test and implement a computer system or application.
toured: simple past and past participle of tour
slices: third-person singular simple present indicative of slice
lazing: present participle and gerund of laze
greets: third-person singular simple present indicative of greet
unlink: To decouple; to remove a link from, or separate the links of.
unlink: To delete (a file).
hawked: simple past and past participle of hawk
tinned: simple past and past participle of tin
rained: simple past and past participle of rain
wields: third-person singular simple present indicative of wield
reface: To replace the face or surface of something; to create a new outer layer.
reface: To face or confront again.
skirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of skirl
fussed: simple past and past participle of fuss
learns: third-person singular simple present indicative of learn
harked: simple past and past participle of hark
pickup: Misspelling of pick up.
famish: To starve (to death); to kill or destroy with hunger.
famish: To exhaust the strength or endurance of, by hunger; to cause to be very hungry.
famish: To kill, or to cause great suffering to, by depriving or denying anything necessary.
famish: To force, control, or constrain by famine.
famish: To die of hunger; to starve to death.
famish: To suffer extreme hunger or thirst, so as to be exhausted in strength, or to nearly perish.
famish: To suffer extremity from deprivation of anything essential or necessary.
stacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stack
cables: third-person singular simple present indicative of cable
tithes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tithe
keeked: simple past and past participle of keek
queefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of queef
biking: present participle and gerund of bike
ambled: simple past and past participle of amble
roamed: simple past and past participle of roam
wyting: present participle and gerund of wyte
stinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stink
ambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of amble
spills: third-person singular simple present indicative of spill
sabers: third-person singular simple present indicative of saber
waives: third-person singular simple present indicative of waive
mooted: simple past and past participle of moot
relies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rely
estray: To stray.
kenned: simple past and past participle of ken
nutted: simple past and past participle of nut
razing: present participle and gerund of raze
malloc: To allocate memory using the C programming language malloc subroutine.
browns: third-person singular simple present indicative of brown
salten: To make or become salty or salted
crests: third-person singular simple present indicative of crest
surged: simple past and past participle of surge
dashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dash
wilder: To bewilder, perplex
siting: present participle and gerund of site
siting: Misspelling of citing.
siting: Misspelling of sitting.
gashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gash
itches: third-person singular simple present indicative of itch
citing: present participle and gerund of cite
lashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lash
tosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of toss
hisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hiss
bashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bash
coding: present participle and gerund of code
bosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of boss
messes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mess
buzzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of buzz
pasted: simple past and past participle of paste
cowing: present participle and gerund of cow
mosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of moss
recces: third-person singular simple present indicative of recce
decked: simple past and past participle of deck
recced: simple past and past participle of recce
recced: simple past and past participle of recc
pastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of paste
sauces: third-person singular simple present indicative of sauce
chacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chack
planks: third-person singular simple present indicative of plank
jazzed: simple past and past participle of jazz
corear: To rear or bring up (children) together.
trucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of truck
swoosh: To move with a rushing or swirling sound
jinxed: simple past and past participle of jinx
peeled: simple past and past participle of peel
drains: third-person singular simple present indicative of drain
ebbing: present participle and gerund of ebb
weeded: simple past and past participle of weed
orbits: third-person singular simple present indicative of orbit
hoaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoax
juiced: simple past and past participle of juice
webcam: To take part in a video communication via webcam.
webcam: To film and broadcast with a webcam.
smacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of smack
aliene: To alienate; to transfer (a title or property).
anhele: To be breathlessly anxious or eager for; to pant.
doping: present participle and gerund of dope
potted: simple past and past participle of pot
arread: To declare; tell; interpret; explain.
arread: To counsel; advise; direct; teach.
arread: To guess; conjecture.
arread: To read.
slings: third-person singular simple present indicative of sling
styled: simple past and past participle of style
lookup: Misspelling of look up.
stalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stalk
preset: To set something in advance.
grades: third-person singular simple present indicative of grade
swamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of swamp
bloods: third-person singular simple present indicative of blood
avales: third-person singular simple present indicative of avale
avises: third-person singular simple present indicative of avise
bastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of baste
crafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of craft
splits: third-person singular simple present indicative of split
calmen: To make or become calm or calmer.
carden: to grow plants in a car.
colead: To lead jointly.
decore: To remove the core from.
decore: To decorate; to beautify.
delate: To carry; to convey.
delate: To carry abroad; to spread; to make public.
delate: To carry or bring against, as a charge; to inform against.
delate: To carry on; to conduct.
delate: Obsolete form of dilate.
depure: to depurate; to purify
sitten: past participle of sit; alternative form of sat
frames: third-person singular simple present indicative of frame
necked: simple past and past participle of neck
duchen: To administer the Priestly Blessing.
vetoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of veto
eludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of elude
embale: To bind up; to enclose, or make into a pack.
empale: Obsolete form of impale.
empale: To make pale.
emules: third-person singular simple present indicative of emule
fables: third-person singular simple present indicative of fable
cooees: third-person singular simple present indicative of cooee
uncles: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncle
slates: third-person singular simple present indicative of slate
quakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of quake
reruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerun
stiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stiff
flings: third-person singular simple present indicative of fling
treads: third-person singular simple present indicative of tread
swells: third-person singular simple present indicative of swell
builds: third-person singular simple present indicative of build
stills: third-person singular simple present indicative of still
swings: third-person singular simple present indicative of swing
valves: third-person singular simple present indicative of valve
masons: third-person singular simple present indicative of mason
slides: third-person singular simple present indicative of slide
sharps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sharp
arrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of array
alerts: third-person singular simple present indicative of alert
modems: third-person singular simple present indicative of modem
cycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cycle
bribes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bribe
nadirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nadir
pianos: third-person singular simple present indicative of piano
berths: third-person singular simple present indicative of berth
prunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prune
levers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lever
pilots: third-person singular simple present indicative of pilot
juices: third-person singular simple present indicative of juice
pokers: third-person singular simple present indicative of poker
purges: third-person singular simple present indicative of purge
scents: third-person singular simple present indicative of scent
crusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of crust
rehabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehab
stales: third-person singular simple present indicative of stale
fronts: third-person singular simple present indicative of front
ladles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ladle
panics: third-person singular simple present indicative of panic
rogues: third-person singular simple present indicative of rogue
phones: third-person singular simple present indicative of phone
globes: third-person singular simple present indicative of globe
carols: third-person singular simple present indicative of carol
supers: third-person singular simple present indicative of super
pulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of pulse
stings: third-person singular simple present indicative of sting
skulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of skull
queues: third-person singular simple present indicative of queue
badges: third-person singular simple present indicative of badge
spokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoke
skinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skink
fevers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fever
chases: third-person singular simple present indicative of chase
purses: third-person singular simple present indicative of purse
cranes: third-person singular simple present indicative of crane
unease: To make uneasy or uncomfortable
fiends: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiend
bevers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bever
enerve: To weaken; to enervate.
enfile: To thread onto, or hang up on, a string or cord.
blunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of blunt
gorges: third-person singular simple present indicative of gorge
grazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of graze
skives: third-person singular simple present indicative of skive
slimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slime
crates: third-person singular simple present indicative of crate
spares: third-person singular simple present indicative of spare
squats: third-person singular simple present indicative of squat
minces: third-person singular simple present indicative of mince
sprays: third-person singular simple present indicative of spray
shaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of shave
kazoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of kazoo
mimics: third-person singular simple present indicative of mimic
primes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prime
totals: third-person singular simple present indicative of total
shoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of shove
cabals: third-person singular simple present indicative of cabal
pikeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of pikey
bugles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bugle
flares: third-person singular simple present indicative of flare
crofts: third-person singular simple present indicative of croft
scoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoop
recaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of recap
chokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of choke
shards: third-person singular simple present indicative of shard
purees: third-person singular simple present indicative of puree
swirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of swirl
lunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of lunge
sacres: third-person singular simple present indicative of sacre
pookas: third-person singular simple present indicative of pooka
clanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clank
bevels: third-person singular simple present indicative of bevel
inlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlay
twonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of twonk
entres: third-person singular simple present indicative of entre
lurves: third-person singular simple present indicative of lurve
kebobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kebob
redubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of redub
filtre: Obsolete form of filter.
gloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of glose
guarde: Obsolete form of guard.
harten: Obsolete spelling of hearten
hurtes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurte
tilled: simple past and past participle of till
lugged: simple past and past participle of lug
haring: present participle and gerund of hare
evades: third-person singular simple present indicative of evade
evites: third-person singular simple present indicative of evite
excede: Dated form of exceed.
excave: To excavate.
chalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chalk
grafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of graft
upends: third-person singular simple present indicative of upend
floats: third-person singular simple present indicative of float
steams: third-person singular simple present indicative of steam
quiets: third-person singular simple present indicative of quiet
rumors: third-person singular simple present indicative of rumor
allays: third-person singular simple present indicative of allay
flours: third-person singular simple present indicative of flour
alters: third-person singular simple present indicative of alter
weighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of weigh
creeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of creed
medals: third-person singular simple present indicative of medal
frosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of frost
frowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of frown
froths: third-person singular simple present indicative of froth
sneers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneer
soughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sough
bloops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloop
swanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of swank
trawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of trawl
blurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of blurt
smarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of smart
angers: third-person singular simple present indicative of anger
stuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stuff
sleets: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleet
covets: third-person singular simple present indicative of covet
feigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of feign
frisks: third-person singular simple present indicative of frisk
drowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of drown
steeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of steep
taints: third-person singular simple present indicative of taint
worths: third-person singular simple present indicative of worth
caters: third-person singular simple present indicative of cater
wakens: third-person singular simple present indicative of waken
gmails: third-person singular simple present indicative of gmail
besoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of besom
champs: third-person singular simple present indicative of champ
climbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of climb
moults: third-person singular simple present indicative of moult
widens: third-person singular simple present indicative of widen
starks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stark
smears: third-person singular simple present indicative of smear
renews: third-person singular simple present indicative of renew
swoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of swoon
likens: third-person singular simple present indicative of liken
yoinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of yoink
bedews: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedew
plumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of plump
havens: third-person singular simple present indicative of haven
exults: third-person singular simple present indicative of exult
waulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of waulk
swelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of swelt
joists: third-person singular simple present indicative of joist
skulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skulk
flumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of flump
miters: third-person singular simple present indicative of miter
foists: third-person singular simple present indicative of foist
egests: third-person singular simple present indicative of egest
clumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of clump
cleats: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleat
morphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of morph
alloys: third-person singular simple present indicative of alloy
coughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cough
quacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of quack
queers: third-person singular simple present indicative of queer
graphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of graph
creams: third-person singular simple present indicative of cream
spools: third-person singular simple present indicative of spool
cleans: third-person singular simple present indicative of clean
neighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of neigh
drills: third-person singular simple present indicative of drill
trails: third-person singular simple present indicative of trail
screws: third-person singular simple present indicative of screw
drafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of draft
annoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of annoy
franks: third-person singular simple present indicative of frank
trists: third-person singular simple present indicative of trist
quells: third-person singular simple present indicative of quell
knocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of knock
brooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of brook
grunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of grunt
chirps: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirp
blasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of blast
awaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of await
delays: third-person singular simple present indicative of delay
feints: third-person singular simple present indicative of feint
twists: third-person singular simple present indicative of twist
cheats: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheat
blooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloom
flirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of flirt
blimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of blimp
shifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of shift
bleeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleep
stoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoop
tweaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tweak
brands: third-person singular simple present indicative of brand
twinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of twink
vaults: third-person singular simple present indicative of vault
whacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of whack
spoofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoof
scalps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scalp
roasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of roast
drifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of drift
blanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of blank
spanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of spank
plumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of plumb
spooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of spook
brawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of brawl
moulds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mould
whiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whiff
trysts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tryst
yodels: third-person singular simple present indicative of yodel
swarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of swarm
crawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of crawl
trolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of troll
clamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of clamp
fleets: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleet
clomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of clomp
smirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of smirk
freaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of freak
flails: third-person singular simple present indicative of flail
heists: third-person singular simple present indicative of heist
chomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of chomp
humors: third-person singular simple present indicative of humor
stints: third-person singular simple present indicative of stint
debits: third-person singular simple present indicative of debit
stains: third-person singular simple present indicative of stain
exudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of exude
skunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skunk
ginned: simple past and past participle of gin
iodize: To treat or react with iodine.
worded: simple past and past participle of word
roving: present participle and gerund of rove
gassho: To make this gesture.
repave: To pave over again.
craned: simple past and past participle of crane
tucked: simple past and past participle of tuck
peeped: simple past and past participle of peep
staged: simple past and past participle of stage
unclog: To remove a blockage from.
unclog: To have a blockage removed.
barest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bare
barest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bear
steers: third-person singular simple present indicative of steer
farted: simple past and past participle of fart
thoued: simple past and past participle of thou
burped: simple past and past participle of burp
slowed: simple past and past participle of slow
pinked: simple past and past participle of pink
banked: simple past and past participle of bank
ported: simple past and past participle of port
bombed: simple past and past participle of bomb
mooned: simple past and past participle of moon
gnawed: simple past and past participle of gnaw
hacked: simple past and past participle of hack
ducked: simple past and past participle of duck
milled: simple past and past participle of mill
kinged: simple past and past participle of king
buffed: simple past and past participle of buff
railed: simple past and past participle of rail
larked: simple past and past participle of lark
jeered: simple past and past participle of jeer
pawned: simple past and past participle of pawn
dicked: simple past and past participle of dick
fulled: simple past and past participle of full. To make cloth denser and firmer.
neared: simple past and past participle of near
carped: simple past and past participle of carp
snowed: simple past and past participle of snow
fasted: simple past and past participle of fast
dumped: simple past and past participle of dump
milked: simple past and past participle of milk
dulled: simple past and past participle of dull
rooked: simple past and past participle of rook
balled: simple past and past participle of ball
betaed: simple past and past participle of beta
harped: simple past and past participle of harp
reined: simple past and past participle of rein
farmed: simple past and past participle of farm
booted: simple past and past participle of boot
seamed: simple past and past participle of seam
ironed: simple past and past participle of iron
bached: simple past and past participle of bach
putted: simple past and past participle of putt
lusted: simple past and past participle of lust
fawned: simple past and past participle of fawn
gasted: simple past and past participle of gast
sanded: simple past and past participle of sand
tufted: simple past and past participle of tuft
vetoed: simple past and past participle of veto
carted: simple past and past participle of cart
willed: simple past and past participle of will
leered: simple past and past participle of leer
dialed: simple past and past participle of dial
wormed: simple past and past participle of worm
wanked: simple past and past participle of wank
barked: simple past and past participle of bark
oathed: simple past and past participle of oath
anteed: simple past and past participle of ante
dunged: simple past and past participle of dung
nerfed: simple past and past participle of nerf
canted: simple past and past participle of cant
tooled: simple past and past participle of tool
bulked: simple past and past participle of bulk
barfed: simple past and past participle of barf
seeded: simple past and past participle of seed
bested: simple past and past participle of best
bested: Alternative form of bestead
calmed: simple past and past participle of calm
cacked: simple past and past participle of cack
herded: simple past and past participle of herd
teared: simple past and past participle of tear (“produce liquid from the eyes”)
teared: simple past and past participle of tear (“rip, rend, speed”)
leafed: simple past and past participle of leaf
warded: simple past and past participle of ward
evened: simple past and past participle of even
evened: simple past and past participle of evene
foamed: simple past and past participle of foam
soaped: simple past and past participle of soap
loafed: simple past and past participle of loaf
beeped: simple past and past participle of beep
trayed: simple past and past participle of tray
looted: simple past and past participle of loot
ranted: simple past and past participle of rant
spayed: simple past and past participle of spay
reamed: simple past and past participle of ream
pithed: simple past and past participle of pith
culled: simple past and past participle of cull
lulled: simple past and past participle of lull
galled: simple past and past participle of gall
muffed: simple past and past participle of muff
pealed: simple past and past participle of peal
fended: simple past and past participle of fend
goaded: simple past and past participle of goad
nested: simple past and past participle of nest
beamed: simple past and past participle of beam
loomed: simple past and past participle of loom
rioted: simple past and past participle of riot
bailed: simple past and past participle of bail
fouled: simple past and past participle of foul
howled: simple past and past participle of howl
limbed: simple past and past participle of limb
darned: simple past and past participle of darn
pelted: simple past and past participle of pelt
ceiled: simple past and past participle of ceil
plowed: simple past and past participle of plow
texted: simple past and past participle of text
tented: simple past and past participle of tent
girted: simple past and past participle of girt
tasked: simple past and past participle of task
redded: simple past and past participle of redd
cuffed: simple past and past participle of cuff
ganked: simple past and past participle of gank
jolted: simple past and past participle of jolt
punted: simple past and past participle of punt
buoyed: simple past and past participle of buoy
polled: simple past and past participle of poll
weened: simple past and past participle of ween
maimed: simple past and past participle of maim
husked: simple past and past participle of husk
welded: simple past and past participle of weld
clewed: simple past and past participle of clew
bawled: simple past and past participle of bawl
basked: simple past and past participle of bask
pawled: simple past and past participle of pawl
rucked: simple past and past participle of ruck
murked: simple past and past participle of murk
molted: simple past and past participle of molt
girded: simple past and past participle of gird
coifed: simple past and past participle of coif
unplug: To disconnect from a supply, especially an electrical socket.
unplug: To stop using electronic devices, especially for relaxation or to reduce stress.
unplug: To remove a blockage from (especially a water pipe or drain).
unplug: To temporarily disconnect from worldly experiences.
lambed: simple past and past participle of lamb
diffed: simple past and past participle of diff
boffed: simple past and past participle of boff
gawped: simple past and past participle of gawp
sulled: simple past and past participle of sull
dinged: simple past and past participle of ding
dinged: simple past and past participle of dinge
wrayed: simple past and past participle of wray
wauled: simple past and past participle of waul
sained: simple past and past participle of sain
punked: simple past and past participle of punk
jinked: simple past and past participle of jink
hafted: simple past and past participle of haft
romped: simple past and past participle of romp
borked: simple past and past participle of bork.
scouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of scout
grated: simple past and past participle of grate
patine: To coat an object with a patina, either from natural oxidation or simulated aging.
pended: simple past and past participle of pend
quemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of queme
marres: third-person singular simple present indicative of marre
beseem: Generally with a qualifying word such as ill or well: to appear, look, or seem (a certain way for someone or something).
beseem: Without any qualifying word: to be appropriate or creditable (for someone or something).
opines: third-person singular simple present indicative of opine
rebase: To replace the base of a denture.
rebase: To modify core data from which other data is derived in such a way that the final meaning is unchanged.
rebase: To change the base address of.
rebase: To integrate changes by appending them to another commit or branch, rather than pulling or merging in changes from a branch.
remede: Alternative form of remeid
regale: To please or entertain (someone).
regale: To provide hospitality for (someone); to supply with abundant food and drink.
regale: To feast (on, with something).
regale: To entertain with something that delights; to gratify; to refresh.
remate: To mate again, usually with another partner
diddle: To cheat; to swindle.
diddle: To molest.
diddle: To masturbate (especially of women).
diddle: To waste time.
diddle: To totter, like a child learning to walk; to daddle.
diddle: To manipulate a value at the level of individual bits (binary digits).
tallen: To become tall or taller
tensen: To become tense or more tense
sorbed: simple past and past participle of sorb
congee: To give congee, (particularly)
congee: To give formal permission to leave; to dismiss.
congee: To give congee, (particularly)
congee: To give formal permission to do something; to license.
congee: To take congee: to leave ceremoniously.
congee: To make a congee: to bow, curtsey, etc., (particularly dialectal) while leaving; (figuratively) to make obeissance, show respect, or defer to someone or something.
vended: simple past and past participle of vend
fizzed: simple past and past participle of fizz
fizzed: simple past and past participle of fiz
spiked: simple past and past participle of spike
cloaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloak
fizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fizz
fizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiz
chests: third-person singular simple present indicative of chest
hinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of hinge
wended: simple past and past participle of wend
unions: third-person singular simple present indicative of union
unshod: simple past and past participle of unshoe
spores: third-person singular simple present indicative of spore
batoon: Archaic form of baton.
petals: third-person singular simple present indicative of petal
waling: present participle and gerund of wale
paints: third-person singular simple present indicative of paint
dinked: simple past and past participle of dink
assoil: To absolve or release (someone) from blame or sin; to forgive, to pardon.
assoil: To atone or expiate for (something).
assoil: Followed by from or of: to acquit (someone) from a criminal charge; to find (someone) not guilty; to clear.
assoil: Followed by from or of: to release or set free (someone) from a liability, an obligation, etc.; to discharge.
assoil: To clear up or resolve (a difficulty, doubt, problem, etc.); to absolve, to solve.
assoil: To refute (an argument, an objection, etc.).
assoil: To discharge (a liability, an obligation, etc.).
assoil: To get rid of, put off, or remove (something).
assoil: To absolve or release (someone) from excommunication or some other religious offence.
assoil: To make (something) dirty or soiled; to soil; to stain; to sully.
dubbin: To apply dubbin to
weedle: Misspelling of wheedle.
mushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mush
mushed: simple past and past participle of mush
asketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of ask
madest: second-person singular simple past indicative of make
layeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay
comest: second-person singular simple present indicative of come
myther: Alternative spelling of mither
chimed: simple past and past participle of chime
onrush: To rush or flow forward forcefully.
onrush: To assault aggressively.
chimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of chime
twynne: Obsolete spelling of twin
pitted: simple past and past participle of pit
mocked: simple past and past participle of mock
mourns: third-person singular simple present indicative of mourn
weeing: present participle and gerund of wee
throve: simple past of thrive
throve: past participle of thrive
loosed: simple past and past participle of loose
denies: third-person singular simple present indicative of deny
patted: simple past and past participle of pat
dubbed: simple past and past participle of dub
tilted: simple past and past participle of tilt
craved: simple past and past participle of crave
tinged: simple past and past participle of tinge
tinged: simple past and past participle of ting
chawed: simple past and past participle of chaw
raving: present participle and gerund of rave
besnow: To snow on; to cover with snow, or as if with snow.
besnow: To scatter like snow, or as if like snow.
besnow: To whiten with snow, or as with snow.
pinned: simple past and past participle of pin
hissed: simple past and past participle of hiss
canals: third-person singular simple present indicative of canal
snecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneck
cancan: To dance the cancan.
lopped: simple past and past participle of lop
assize: To assess; to set or fix the quantity or price.
assort: To sort or arrange according to characteristic or class.
assort: To be of a kind with, to harmonise or match.
assort: To be associated with; to consort with.
assort: To furnish with, or make up of, various sorts or a variety of goods.
bollix: To confuse.
bollix: To botch or bungle.
betook: simple past of betake
penned: simple past and past participle of pen
soused: simple past and past participle of souse
stanch: To stop the flow of (water or some other liquid).
stanch: To stop the flow of (blood); also, to stop (a wound) from bleeding.
stanch: To stop the flow of (water or some other liquid).
stanch: To make (a building or other structure) watertight or weatherproof.
stanch: To check or stop, or deter (an action).
stanch: To check or stop, or deter (an action).
stanch: To stop the progression of (an illness); also, to alleviate (pain); often followed by of: to relieve (someone's) pain.
stanch: To extinguish or put out (a fire, anger, etc.); also, to quench or satisfy (desire, hunger, thirst, etc.).
stanch: Of bleeding: to stop.
stanch: Of an occurrence or other thing: to come to an end; to cease; also, of persons: to stop acting violently.
fashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fash
defied: simple past and past participle of defy
fashed: simple past and past participle of fash
fashin: present participle of fash
panted: simple past and past participle of pant
moaned: simple past and past participle of moan
winked: simple past and past participle of wink
dimmed: simple past and past participle of dim
owning: present participle and gerund of own
chivvy: To coerce or hurry along, as by persistent request.
chivvy: To subject to harassment or verbal abuse.
chivvy: To sneak up on or rapidly approach.
chivvy: To pursue as in a hunt.
prying: present participle and gerund of pry
witted: simple past and past participle of wit
raring: present participle and gerund of rare
twilit: simple past and past participle of twilight
wigwag: To move gently in one direction and then another; to wig or wiggle, to wag or waggle.
wigwag: An act of wigwagging.
wigwag: To oscillate between two states.
wigwag: To send a signal by waving a flag to and fro.
hemmed: simple past and past participle of hem
moused: simple past and past participle of mouse
boxcar: To reduce to a boxcar function.
busing: present participle and gerund of bus
whined: simple past and past participle of whine
banzai: To carry out a banzai charge (against).
earths: third-person singular simple present indicative of earth
chided: simple past and past participle of chide
enmesh: To mesh; to tangle or interweave in such a manner as not to be easily separated, particularly in a mesh- or net-like manner.
enmesh: To involve in such complications as to render extrication difficult.
enmesh: To involve in difficulties.
clings: third-person singular simple present indicative of cling
glared: simple past and past participle of glare
hugged: simple past and past participle of hug
forsee: To neglect; overlook; disregard; despise.
forsee: Alternative spelling of foresee
forsee: To oversee; superintend; direct.
chores: third-person singular simple present indicative of chore
corned: simple past and past participle of corn
trusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of trust
exiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of exile
rumple: To make wrinkled, particularly fabric.
rumple: To muss; to tousle.
breyde: Obsolete spelling of braid
caries: third-person singular simple present indicative of cary
warish: To cure or heal (an illness or a person).
warish: To get better; to recover from an illness.
teemed: simple past and past participle of teem
shocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shock
curing: present participle and gerund of cure
gleams: third-person singular simple present indicative of gleam
lowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of lower
lowing: present participle and gerund of low
regrew: simple past of regrow
regrow: To grow again a part that has been lost, shed or destroyed.
sieved: past participle of sieve
depute: To assign (someone or something) to or for something.
depute: To delegate (a task, etc.) to a subordinate.
depute: To deputize (someone), to appoint as deputy.
depute: To appoint; to assign; to choose.
burlap: To wrap or cover in burlap.
bursts: third-person singular simple present indicative of burst
addles: third-person singular simple present indicative of addle
faints: third-person singular simple present indicative of faint
pulver: To pulverise; to make into powder.
blares: third-person singular simple present indicative of blare
spurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of spurt
hurted: simple past and past participle of hurt
grates: third-person singular simple present indicative of grate
scopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scope
setter: To cut the dewlap (of a cow or ox), and insert a seton, so as to cause an issue.
bluffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bluff
yawing: present participle and gerund of yaw
pooing: present participle and gerund of poo
keying: present participle and gerund of key
orbing: present participle and gerund of orb
pining: present participle and gerund of pine
jawing: present participle and gerund of jaw
pawing: present participle and gerund of paw
mewing: present participle and gerund of mew
vowing: present participle and gerund of vow
booing: present participle and gerund of boo
pwning: present participle and gerund of pwn
lashed: simple past and past participle of lash
felled: simple past and past participle of fell
traded: simple past and past participle of trade
graced: simple past and past participle of grace
bribed: simple past and past participle of bribe
draped: simple past and past participle of drape
inmesh: Alternative spelling of immesh To enmesh; to catch as with meshes and nets; to ensnare.
immesh: To enmesh; to catch as with meshes; to ensnare.
spunge: Obsolete form of sponge.
fished: simple past and past participle of fish
etched: simple past and past participle of etch
mounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mount
argues: third-person singular simple present indicative of argue
sacked: simple past and past participle of sack
sacked: simple past and past participle of sac
lobbed: simple past and past participle of lob
endued: simple past and past participle of endue
chafed: simple past and past participle of chafe
heeded: simple past and past participle of heed
biotag: To attach such a device to an animal
higgle: To hawk or peddle provisions.
higgle: To wrangle (over a price, terms of an agreement, etc.); to haggle.
gammon: To cure bacon by salting.
gammon: To beat by a gammon (without the opponent bearing off a stone).
gammon: To lash with ropes (on a ship).
gammon: To deceive; to lie plausibly to.
tanged: simple past and past participle of tang
strunt: To walk boldly.
risked: simple past and past participle of risk
telnet: To use such a program to make such a connection
saidst: second-person singular simple past indicative of say
sayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of say
gazump: To swindle; to extort.
gazump: To raise the selling price of something (especially property) after previously agreeing to a lower one.
gazump: To buy a property by bidding more than the price of an existing, accepted offer.
gazump: To trump or preempt; to reap the benefit underhandedly from a situation that someone else has worked to create.
makest: second-person singular simple present indicative of make
sawest: second-person singular simple present indicative of saw
sawest: second-person singular simple past indicative of see
decoke: To decarbonize, especially to remove the build-up of carbon in the cylinder of an engine or the bowl or a pipe.
cussed: simple past and past participle of cuss
hexing: present participle and gerund of hex
aurify: To turn into gold.
Tippex: To delete using correction fluid.
rubies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruby
pisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of piss
kybosh: Alternative spelling of kibosh
blench: To shrink; start back; give way; flinch; turn aside or fly off.
blench: To quail.
blench: To deceive; cheat.
blench: To draw back from; shrink; avoid; elude; deny, as from fear.
blench: To hinder; obstruct; disconcert; foil.
blench: To fly off; to turn aside.
blench: To blanch.
bodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of bodge
bodged: simple past and past participle of bodge
shutup: Alternative spelling of shut up
jacked: simple past and past participle of jack
griefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of grief
larned: simple past and past participle of larn
larnin: present participle of larn
cohere: To stick together physically, by adhesion.
cohere: To be consistent as part of a group, or by common purpose.
cohere: To be consistent as part of a group, or by common purpose.
yessed: simple past and past participle of yes
inured: simple past and past participle of inure
augurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of augur
enisle: To make into an island.
enisle: To isolate.
scorse: To barter or exchange.
scorse: To chase.
gating: present participle and gerund of gate
fleche: Alternative spelling of flèche
bilged: simple past and past participle of bilge
bilges: third-person singular simple present indicative of bilge
rebake: To cook something by baking again.
nuzzle: (of animals, lovers, etc) To touch someone or something with the nose.
nuzzle: To nurse; to foster; to bring up.
nuzzle: To nestle; to house, as in a nest.
nuzzle: To go along with the nose to the ground, like a pig.
capers: third-person singular simple present indicative of caper
neaten: To make (someone or something) neat; to arrange (people or things) in an orderly, tidy way; to tidy.
neaten: To engage in activity that arranges someone or something in an orderly, tidy way.
downed: simple past and past participle of down
barhop: To drink at a number of bars during a single day or evening.
inline: To optimize using in-line expansion.
jugged: simple past and past participle of jug
garote: Alternative spelling of garrote
shoved: simple past and past participle of shove
leased: simple past and past participle of lease
admixt: simple past and past participle of admix; alternative spelling of admixed
reived: simple past and past participle of reive
reives: third-person singular simple present indicative of reive
reaved: simple past and past participle of reave
reaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of reave
reseal: To seal (something) again (in any sense of "apply a seal to").
enseal: To impress with a seal.
enseal: To mark as with a seal.
enseal: To ratify.
unseal: To break the seal of (something) in order to open it.
unseal: To open by having a seal broken.
enfold: Alternative form of infold
hefted: simple past and past participle of heft
galosh: To walk while wearing, or as if wearing, galoshes; to splash about.
phoned: simple past and past participle of phone
reheat: To heat something after it has cooled off, especially previously cooked food (also in figurative senses).
reheat: To become hot again after having cooled off (also in figurative senses).
tabbed: simple past and past participle of tab
bud up: To don a pair of ear buds in preparation for listening to a portable sound system.
magics: third-person singular simple present indicative of magic
ridder: to sieve; sift; riddle
woning: present participle and gerund of wone
badged: simple past and past participle of badge
baffed: simple past and past participle of baff
bowked: simple past and past participle of bowk
cooing: present participle and gerund of coo
bowkin: present participle of bowk
makkin: present participle of mak
velure: To dress with a velure.
tropes: third-person singular simple present indicative of trope
wrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of wring
weaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of weave
fogged: simple past and past participle of fog
cleeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleek
cashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cash
begets: third-person singular simple present indicative of beget
singes: third-person singular simple present indicative of singe
snails: third-person singular simple present indicative of snail
trills: third-person singular simple present indicative of trill
pashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pash
paeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of paean
augers: third-person singular simple present indicative of auger
scoffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoff
scapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scape
segues: third-person singular simple present indicative of segue
kabobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kabob
skiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of skiff
lapses: third-person singular simple present indicative of lapse
donder: Alternative form of daunder (“stroll”).
donder: To beat up, to thrash.
redeal: To deal playing cards again.
Skidoo: Alternative letter-case form of skidoo: To use a snowmachine
supped: simple past and past participle of sup
scrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of scram
dadoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dado
incept: To take in or ingest.
incept: To begin.
incept: To be accepted to the Master of Arts degree at Oxford or Cambridge University.
incept: To put an idea into a person's mind so deeply that they believe it was their own. Inspired by the movie Inception (2010) and used by Mark Zuckerberg & Yuval Noah Harari in Conversation at 01:23:00.
amuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of amuse
shamed: simple past and past participle of shame
awakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of awake
outbox: To box better than.
picket: To protest, organized by a labour union, typically in front of the location of employment.
picket: To enclose or fortify with pickets or pointed stakes.
picket: To tether to, or as if to, a picket.
picket: To guard, as a camp or road, by an outlying picket.
picket: To torture by forcing to stand with one foot on a pointed stake.
leases: third-person singular simple present indicative of lease
creach: to raid, plunder
fecked: simple past and past participle of feck
unhook: To remove from a hook.
unhook: To unfasten by means of hooks.
unhook: To unfasten the bra of (its wearer).
unknot: To unfasten (a knot).
slacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of slack
smutty: To make dirty; to soil.
jetset: Alternative form of jet set
unread: To undo the process of reading.
unread: To flag (a previously read e-mail or similar message) as not having been read.
insole: To fit (footwear) with an insole.
eluded: simple past and past participle of elude
groped: simple past and past participle of grope
stowed: simple past and past participle of stow
dozing: present participle and gerund of doze
reeled: simple past and past participle of reel
seizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of seize
wolfed: simple past and past participle of wolf
tugged: simple past and past participle of tug
thirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of thirl
hummed: simple past and past participle of hum
defies: third-person singular simple present indicative of defy
excels: third-person singular simple present indicative of excel
evoked: simple past and past participle of evoke
lapsed: simple past and past participle of lapse
embeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of embed
towels: third-person singular simple present indicative of towel
bumped: simple past and past participle of bump
faking: present participle and gerund of fake
watusi: To dance the watusi.
clowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of clown
gypped: simple past and past participle of gyp
ruched: simple past and past participle of ruche
erased: simple past and past participle of erase
erases: third-person singular simple present indicative of erase
brakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of brake
yerked: simple past and past participle of yerk
flecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleck
ninjas: third-person singular simple present indicative of ninja
reload: To load (something) again.
reload: To refresh a copy of a program etc. in memory or of a web page etc. on screen
reload: To load (something) again.
reload: To load a gun again; or recharge a used cartridge.
reload: To load (something) again.
reload: To replay music in a DJ set.
reload: To load (something) again.
renail: To nail something again.
meting: present participle and gerund of mete
gloved: simple past and past participle of glove
spires: third-person singular simple present indicative of spire
smirch: To dirty; to make dirty.
smirch: To harm the reputation of; to smear or slander.
celled: simple past and past participle of cell
infall: To fall in.
infall: To undergo infall.
stying: present participle and gerund of sty
deaded: simple past and past participle of dead
clonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clonk
cloyed: simple past and past participle of cloy
furled: simple past and past participle of furl
relays: third-person singular simple present indicative of relay
inched: simple past and past participle of inch
risque: Obsolete spelling of risk
erring: present participle and gerund of err
erring: present participle and gerund of er
suntan: To obtain a suntan by exposure to ultraviolet light.
suntan: To attempt to obtain a suntan.
sipped: simple past and past participle of sip
stored: simple past and past participle of store
vinify: To convert the juice of a fruit (especially that of the grape) into wine by fermentation.
skates: third-person singular simple present indicative of skate
run in: To arrest; (especially) to track down and arrest.
run in: To use new machinery at less than full speed, preventing damage.
run in: To start a new regime slowly.
run in: To score (a try).
run in: To insert (a word, etc.) without making a line break or new paragraph (so that it is not free-hanging).
run in: To alter the position of matter to fill vacant space.
run in: simple past and past participle of run in
skewed: simple past and past participle of skew
pinion: To cut off the pinion of a bird’s wing, or otherwise disable or bind its wings, in order to prevent it from flying.
pinion: To bind the arms of someone, so as to deprive him of their use; to disable by so binding.
pinion: To restrain; to limit.
hogtie: Alternative spelling of hog-tie
halloa: To utter an exclamation of "halloa".
carhop: To work as a carhop.
wilden: to make or become wild or wilder
evaded: simple past and past participle of evade
donned: simple past and past participle of don
boasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of boast
unites: third-person singular simple present indicative of unite
smokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoke
roughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rough
clangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of clang
toasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of toast
shunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of shunt
flacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of flack
caroms: third-person singular simple present indicative of carom
shacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shack
blinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of blink
grills: third-person singular simple present indicative of grill
gripes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gripe
vistas: third-person singular simple present indicative of vista
nantle: To fondle or caress.
nantle: To fidget or rearrange.
steads: third-person singular simple present indicative of stead
fagged: simple past and past participle of fag
crawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of crawk
burble: To bubble; to gurgle.
burble: To babble; to speak in an excited rush.
burble: To trouble or confuse.
allots: third-person singular simple present indicative of allot
sop up: To absorb, to soak up.
noddle: To nod repeatedly.
noddle: Alternative form of noodle (“improvise musically”).
bagsie: To declare or stake one's claim on an object or concept.
riprap: To form a riprap in or upon.
begirt: simple past and past participle of begird
untied: simple past and past participle of untie
freest: second-person singular simple present indicative of free
graven: past participle of grave
graven: To make graven or engraved
graven: To make or become grave (serious or sombre)
knowed: simple past and past participle of know
fizgig: To roam around in a frivolous manner; to gad about, to gallivant.
fizgig: To act as a police informer or agent provocateur.
besets: third-person singular simple present indicative of beset
dethaw: To thaw; unthaw; unfreeze.
lairds: third-person singular simple present indicative of laird
inroad: To make advances or incursions.
inroad: To make an inroad into (something).
harden: To become hard (tough, resistant to pressure).
harden: To make something hard or harder (tough, resistant to pressure).
harden: To strengthen.
harden: To modify (a website or other system) to make it resistant to malicious attacks.
harden: To become or make (a person or thing) resistant or less sensitive.
harden: To get an erection.
harden: To become or make (a consonant) more fortis; to (cause to) undergo fortition.
harden: To unpalatalize or velarize.
polkas: third-person singular simple present indicative of polka
minors: third-person singular simple present indicative of minor
uncuff: To remove cuffs from (someone)
soared: simple past and past participle of soar
decays: third-person singular simple present indicative of decay
snoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of snoot
beteem: To permit; allow; suffer.
beteem: To grant, vouchsafe (something to someone); accord; give.
beteem: To bestow; afford; allow; deign.
beteem: To bring forth; produce; shed.
beteem: To pour all about.
probes: third-person singular simple present indicative of probe
pootle: To wander or ramble in a leisurely, indirect, or aimless manner, such as by walking or driving.
fuckin: present participle of fuck Alternative spelling of fucking
sexile: To banish somebody, usually one's roommate, from the room for the privacy to have sex.
holpen: past participle of help
gaffle: To equip with a gaffle or similar weapon.
gaffle: To grab or seize
gaffle: To get hold of, to find.
gaffle: To arrest for criminal activity.
gaffle: To steal
gaffle: To swindle or bully (someone)
gaffle: To talk without a purpose, usually about inane or pointless topics; to babble.
coquet: To act as a flirt or coquet.
coquet: To waste time; to dally.
coquet: To attempt to attract the notice, admiration, or love of; to treat with a show of tenderness or regard, with a view to deceive and disappoint; to lead on.
calefy: To become warm or hot
calefy: To make warm or hot
vomits: third-person singular simple present indicative of vomit
ripens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ripen
wreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreak
clears: third-person singular simple present indicative of clear
taunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of taunt
scorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of scorn
founds: third-person singular simple present indicative of found
jousts: third-person singular simple present indicative of joust
quails: third-person singular simple present indicative of quail
spoors: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoor
aligns: third-person singular simple present indicative of align
snarfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snarf
saunas: third-person singular simple present indicative of sauna
brawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of brawn
rivets: third-person singular simple present indicative of rivet
lasers: third-person singular simple present indicative of laser
droops: third-person singular simple present indicative of droop
scuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scuff
eructs: third-person singular simple present indicative of eruct
cowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cower
glarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of glark
wizens: third-person singular simple present indicative of wizen
debuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of debut
pedals: third-person singular simple present indicative of pedal
retcon: To employ such a device.
panned: simple past and past participle of pan
padded: simple past and past participle of pad
solves: third-person singular simple present indicative of solve
arsing: present participle and gerund of arse
batted: simple past and past participle of bat
pushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of push
taming: present participle and gerund of tame
poking: present participle and gerund of poke
bunked: simple past and past participle of bunk
crowed: simple past and past participle of crow
mothed: simple past and past participle of moth
adopts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adopt
meowed: simple past and past participle of meow
jested: simple past and past participle of jest
lorded: simple past and past participle of lord
voided: simple past and past participle of void
garbed: simple past and past participle of garb
dieted: simple past and past participle of diet
avered: simple past and past participle of aver
guying: present participle and gerund of guy
balked: simple past and past participle of balk
doffed: simple past and past participle of doff
flayed: simple past and past participle of flay
wuther: To make a rushing sound; to whizz.
wuther: To shake vigorously.
socked: simple past and past participle of sock
vamped: simple past and past participle of vamp
foozle: To do something clumsily or awkwardly; to bungle.
posits: third-person singular simple present indicative of posit
lisped: simple past and past participle of lisp
neaped: simple past and past participle of neap
bitted: simple past and past participle of bit
bitted: simple past and past participle of bitt
wanged: simple past and past participle of wang
preyed: simple past and past participle of prey
exacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exact
skivvy: To perform menial work; to do chores, like a servant.
shoals: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoal
opting: present participle and gerund of opt
lauded: simple past and past participle of laud
cawing: present participle and gerund of caw
belted: simple past and past participle of belt
coaxed: simple past and past participle of coax
whirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whirr
gooing: present participle and gerund of goo
lumped: simple past and past participle of lump
desked: simple past and past participle of desk
honked: simple past and past participle of honk
rifted: simple past and past participle of rift
clawed: simple past and past participle of claw
munged: simple past and past participle of mung
munged: simple past and past participle of munge
tumped: simple past and past participle of tump
loured: simple past and past participle of lour
mewled: simple past and past participle of mewl
brides: third-person singular simple present indicative of bride
synced: simple past and past participle of sync
melled: simple past and past participle of mell
pfaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pfaff
gurned: simple past and past participle of gurn
motors: third-person singular simple present indicative of motor
coaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coax
wafted: simple past and past participle of waft
RV-ing: present participle and gerund of RV
RV'ing: present participle and gerund of RV
reread: To read again.
reread: To read or interpret in a new way.
squizz: To look, to examine.
wagged: simple past and past participle of wag
nudged: simple past and past participle of nudge
reacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of react
braves: third-person singular simple present indicative of brave
teazle: Alternative spelling of teasel
merges: third-person singular simple present indicative of merge
gleans: third-person singular simple present indicative of glean
plying: present participle and gerund of ply
pluses: third-person singular simple present indicative of plus
bladed: simple past and past participle of blade
cosign: To sign a document jointly with another person, sometimes as an endorsement.
cosign: To agree with or endorse.
resend: To send again.
resend: To send back.
resend: To forward (something received), especially a message.
gillie: To be a gillie, a fishing or hunting guide, for (someone).
endart: To throw or shoot out like a dart.
bolero: To dance the bolero.
drowse: To be sleepy and inactive.
drowse: To nod off; to fall asleep.
drowse: To advance drowsily. (Used especially in the phrase "drowse one's way" ⇒ sleepily make one's way.)
drowse: To make heavy with sleepiness or imperfect sleep; to make dull or stupid.
babied: simple past and past participle of baby
effuse: To emit; to give off.
effuse: To gush; to be excitedly talkative and enthusiastic about something.
effuse: To pour out like a stream or freely; to cause to exude; to shed.
effuse: To leak out through a small hole.
basset: To incline upward so as to appear at the surface.
cliche: Alternative form of cliché
ordres: third-person singular simple present indicative of ordre
amazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of amaze
vining: present participle and gerund of vine
glazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of glaze
kasher: To render kosher.
kasher: to remove excess blood from by washing and salting
kasher: To render kosher.
kasher: to remove traces of non-kosher substances from by cleaning, heating, etc.
clinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clink
skated: simple past and past participle of skate
winced: simple past and past participle of wince
utters: third-person singular simple present indicative of utter
brayed: past participle of bray
annuls: third-person singular simple present indicative of annul
bemire: To soil with mud or a similar substance.
bemire: To immerse or trap in mire.
bemire: To stain or mar, as with infamy or disgrace; to tarnish; to sully.
wedged: simple past and past participle of wedge
seeped: simple past and past participle of seep
spawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of spawn
averts: third-person singular simple present indicative of avert
firmed: simple past and past participle of firm
goofed: simple past and past participle of goof
belays: third-person singular simple present indicative of belay
deigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of deign
palped: simple past and past participle of palp
scalds: third-person singular simple present indicative of scald
audits: third-person singular simple present indicative of audit
gimped: simple past and past participle of gimp
congas: third-person singular simple present indicative of conga
chuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chuse
seeled: simple past and past participle of seel
copays: third-person singular simple present indicative of copay
fusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuss
bornin: present participle of born
molded: simple past and past participle of mold
bolded: simple past and past participle of bold
bashed: simple past and past participle of bash
blears: third-person singular simple present indicative of blear
limped: simple past and past participle of limp
shirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shirk
rapped: simple past and past participle of rap
rotted: simple past and past participle of rot
evokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of evoke
dogear: Alternative form of dog-ear
messed: simple past and past participle of mess
linker: To ligate a DNA segment using a linker.
drapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of drape
pleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of plead
unlace: To remove the knot from laces; to undo laces.
unlace: To loosen the clothing of (a person).
unlace: To remove (film) from a projector.
gulped: simple past and past participle of gulp
bluing: present participle and gerund of blue
spasms: third-person singular simple present indicative of spasm
outgun: To defeat in terms of firepower.
bowwow: Alternative spelling of bow-wow
burled: simple past and past participle of burl
bodied: simple past and past participle of body
opined: simple past and past participle of opine
bummed: simple past and past participle of bum
liming: present participle and gerund of lime
liming: hanging around, usually in a public place with friends, enjoying the scene.
undoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of undo
uncurl: To straighten out from being curled up.
pretax: To tax before the action being taxed occurs.
lookit: Pronunciation spelling of look at.
shrank: simple past of shrink
patten: To go about wearing pattens.
binned: simple past and past participle of bin
encyst: To enclose within a cyst.
encyst: To be enclosed within a cyst.
nuncle: To cheat, deceive.
regift: To give something as a gift which the giver previously received as a gift; to give to a person something previously received as a gift.
shored: past participle of shore
whiled: simple past and past participle of while
brocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of brock
extoll: Alternative spelling of extol
kinked: simple past and past participle of kink
hugger: To conceal; to lurk in ambush.
assain: To heal or save.
gulley: Alternative spelling of gully
forbad: Alternative spelling of forbade, the simple past of forbid.
rogers: third-person singular simple present indicative of roger
retest: To test again.
reddle: To redden.
ruddle: To mark something with red ochre.
ruddle: To raddle or twist.
ruddle: To sift together; to mix, as through a sieve.
teasle: Alternative spelling of teasel
doting: present participle and gerund of dote
snaked: simple past and past participle of snake
chants: third-person singular simple present indicative of chant
fiance: To betroth; to affiance.
fixate: To make something fixed and stable; to fix.
fixate: To stare fixedly at something.
fixate: To attend to something to the exclusion of all others; used with on.
fixate: To attach oneself to a person or thing in a pathological or neurotic manner; used with on.
palter: To talk insincerely; to prevaricate or equivocate in speech or actions.
palter: To trifle.
palter: To haggle.
palter: To babble; to chatter.
touzle: Alternative form of tousle
hickup: Archaic spelling of hiccup.
milord: To address as “milord”.
fluted: simple past and past participle of flute
graded: simple past and past participle of grade
reword: To change the wording of; to restate using different words.
rootle: to dig into the ground, with the snout.
rootle: to search for something from a drawer, closet, etc.; to dig out.
usurps: third-person singular simple present indicative of usurp
gooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of goose
quines: third-person singular simple present indicative of quine
dry up: To become dry (often of weather); to lose water.
dry up: To cause to become dry.
dry up: To manually dry dishes and utensils.
dry up: To deprive someone of (something vital).
dry up: To cease to exist; to disappear
dry up: To stop talking; to forget what one was going to say.
config: To configure.
upping: present participle and gerund of up
pegged: simple past and past participle of peg
emails: third-person singular simple present indicative of email
rev up: To increase the speed of an engine, especially that of a stationary motor car.
rev up: To make (someone or something) more active.
rev up: To become more active.
eat up: To consume completely.
eat up: To subtract, use up.
eat up: To accept or believe entirely, immediately, and without questioning.
eat up: To find something to be very cute (typically only used for children or pets).
eat up: To be very good at; to succeed at; to smash. (Compare eat and leave no crumbs.)
tempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tempt
gagged: past participle of gag
numbed: simple past and past participle of numb
thawed: simple past and past participle of thaw
hooted: past participle of hoot
rehear: To hear again.
rehear: To try (a lawsuit, etc.) again judicially.
exited: simple past and past participle of exit
nipped: simple past and past participle of nip
throbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of throb
tubbed: simple past and past participle of tub
redial: To dial again
repack: To pack again or in a different way.
repack: To clean the bearings and replace the grease on a wheel.
mowing: present participle and gerund of mow
polari: To talk.
redraw: To draw again.
quitch: To shake (something); to stir, move.
quitch: To stir; to move.
quitch: To flinch; shrink.
vapors: third-person singular simple present indicative of vapor
nudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of nudge
delved: simple past and past participle of delve
delves: third-person singular simple present indicative of delve
plucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of pluck
cc'ing: present participle and gerund of cc
nurdle: To score runs by gently nudging the ball into vacant areas of the field.
nurdle: To gently waffle or muse on a subject which one clearly knows little about.
resets: third-person singular simple present indicative of reset
fucken: present participle of fuck; nonstandard form of fucking
precum: To release Cowper's fluid (pre-ejaculate).
conned: simple past and past participle of con
conned: simple past and past participle of conn
elects: third-person singular simple present indicative of elect
fusing: present participle and gerund of fuse
combed: simple past and past participle of comb
durate: To have, or last for, some duration (of time).
fansub: To translate subtitles as an amateur.
dotate: To endow.
wedeln: To perform a series of high-speed turns with the skis parallel.
rueing: present participle and gerund of rue
hitten: past participle of hit
flamed: simple past and past participle of flame
hoodoo: To jinx; to bring bad luck or misfortune to.
wining: present participle and gerund of wine
grooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of groom
huffed: simple past and past participle of huff
purged: simple past and past participle of purge
pecked: simple past and past participle of peck
rhymed: simple past and past participle of rhyme
sniped: simple past and past participle of snipe
knifed: simple past and past participle of knife
gilden: To make or become golden or gilded
slinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of slink
reaped: simple past and past participle of reap
sifted: simple past and past participle of sift
gorged: simple past and past participle of gorge
puddle: To form a puddle.
puddle: To play or splash in a puddle.
puddle: Of butterflies, to congregate on a puddle or moist substance to pick up nutrients.
puddle: To process iron, gold, etc., by means of puddling.
puddle: To line a canal with puddle (clay).
puddle: To collect ideas, especially abstract concepts, into rough subtopics or categories, as in study, research or conversation.
puddle: To make (clay, loam, etc.) dense or close, by working it when wet, so as to render impervious to water.
puddle: To make foul or muddy; to pollute with dirt; to mix dirt with (water).
fueled: (Canadian spelling, common) simple past and past participle of fuel
pay up: To pay in total a sum which is owed, especially when the sum has been owed for a period of time.
frayed: simple past and past participle of fray
probed: simple past and past participle of probe
dusted: simple past and past participle of dust
gelate: To form a gel.
racked: simple past and past participle of rack
milden: To make or become mild or milder.
digged: simple past and past participle of dig
richen: To make or render rich or richer.
richen: To become rich or richer; become superior in quality, condition or effectiveness.
richen: To gain richness; become heightened or intensified in brilliancy.
goller: To gurgle.
misset: To set, adjust or calibrate incorrectly.
misset: To place in the wrong location.
dosing: present participle and gerund of dose
ycladd: Alternative spelling of yclad
ypight: past participle of pitch
furred: simple past and past participle of fur
yblent: past participle of blend
fuddle: To confuse or befuddle.
fuddle: To intoxicate.
fuddle: To become intoxicated; to get drunk.
roiled: simple past and past participle of roil
halved: simple past and past participle of halve
unthaw: To thaw out, to unfreeze; to become soft (of something which had been frozen).
munite: To fortify, strengthen.
zip up: To close with a zip fastener.
zip up: To close as if with a zip fastener.
zip up: To convert a computer file into a smaller package.
dandle: To move up and down on one's knee or in one's arms, in affectionate play, usually said of a child.
dandle: To treat with fondness or affection, as if a child; to pet.
dandle: To play with; to wheedle.
unleaf: Alternative spelling of unleave
reboil: To boil again.
rebury: to bury again
waging: present participle and gerund of wage
run on: To continue without interruption
run on: Using a certain time zone.
run on: To continue talking for a long time.
run on: To operate with a particular energy source.
run on: To make numerous drafts or demands for payment, as upon a bank.
run on: To carry on or continue (e.g. the type for a new sentence) without making a break or commencing a new paragraph.
run on: To press with jokes or ridicule; to abuse with sarcasm; to bear hard on.
recopy: To copy again.
recook: cook again
renter: To sew together so that the seam is scarcely visible; to sew up with skill and nicety; to finedraw.
renter: To restore the original design of (a tapestry) by working in new warp.
remelt: To melt again after thawing.
rehire: To hire again.
remold: mold again, apply a new mold to
retook: simple past of retake
retold: simple past and past participle of retell
rewash: To wash again
phased: simple past and past participle of phase
phased: Misspelling of fazed.
geared: simple past and past participle of gear
scries: third-person singular simple present indicative of scry
scried: simple past and past participle of scry
gee up: To encourage.
gee up: To excite in order to try to achieve a desired result.
outhit: To hit something better or further than another, especially to score better in a game involving hitting a ball with a bat.
pronks: third-person singular simple present indicative of pronk
belate: To impede; cause something to be late; delay; benight.
rammed: simple past and past participle of ram
craves: third-person singular simple present indicative of crave
buries: third-person singular simple present indicative of bury
gouged: simple past and past participle of gouge
biding: present participle and gerund of bide
butted: simple past and past participle of butt
butted: simple past and past participle of but
sheers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sheer
defogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of defog
gacked: simple past and past participle of gack
tabled: simple past and past participle of table
go bad: To spoil, rot, or otherwise become unusable due to age or storage conditions.
go bad: to cease to be reputable and instead become delinquent, criminal, immoral, corrupt or poorly behaved.
go bad: To become unsafe.
plumed: simple past and past participle of plume
resole: To replace or reattach the sole of an article of footwear.
peened: simple past and past participle of peen
copped: simple past and past participle of cop
dented: simple past and past participle of dent
rewire: To replace or reconnect the wires of a device or installation.
rewire: To change the functionality of something by altering the parameters or logic.
tromps: third-person singular simple present indicative of tromp
dished: simple past and past participle of dish
capped: simple past and past participle of cap
verbed: simple past and past participle of verb
Jewing: present participle and gerund of Jew
worsts: third-person singular simple present indicative of worst
insets: third-person singular simple present indicative of inset
palmed: simple past and past participle of palm
spends: third-person singular simple present indicative of spend
gulled: simple past and past participle of gull
spewed: simple past and past participle of spew
bleats: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleat
felted: simple past and past participle of felt
churns: third-person singular simple present indicative of churn
lathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lathe
dewing: present participle and gerund of dew
adorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of adorn
bucked: simple past and past participle of buck
grasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of grasp
snores: third-person singular simple present indicative of snore
pooled: simple past and past participle of pool
impels: third-person singular simple present indicative of impel
wavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of waver
venoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of venom
poofed: simple past and past participle of poof
brooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of broom
inputs: third-person singular simple present indicative of input
expels: third-person singular simple present indicative of expel
alibis: third-person singular simple present indicative of alibi
oinked: simple past and past participle of oink
avails: third-person singular simple present indicative of avail
bunded: simple past and past participle of bund
stares: third-person singular simple present indicative of stare
exerts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exert
jilted: simple past and past participle of jilt
goated: simple past and past participle of goat
lolled: simple past and past participle of loll.
lolled: simple past and past participle of lol.
pouted: simple past and past participle of pout
sobers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sober
thrums: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrum
peeked: simple past and past participle of peek
whomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of whomp
sulked: simple past and past participle of sulk
twines: third-person singular simple present indicative of twine
snarls: third-person singular simple present indicative of snarl
splats: third-person singular simple present indicative of splat
trices: third-person singular simple present indicative of trice
havers: third-person singular simple present indicative of haver
endows: third-person singular simple present indicative of endow
sooked: simple past and past participle of sook
knacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of knack
woofed: simple past and past participle of woof
veered: simple past and past participle of veer
braais: third-person singular simple present indicative of braai
stents: third-person singular simple present indicative of stent
narked: simple past and past participle of nark
fisted: simple past and past participle of fist
whirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of whirl
knolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of knoll
geeked: simple past and past participle of geek
knells: third-person singular simple present indicative of knell
sarges: third-person singular simple present indicative of sarge
clucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cluck
erupts: third-person singular simple present indicative of erupt
broils: third-person singular simple present indicative of broil
croups: third-person singular simple present indicative of croup
swoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of swoop
squibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of squib
curded: simple past and past participle of curd
hoards: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoard
slumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of slump
verges: third-person singular simple present indicative of verge
cooned: simple past and past participle of coon
evicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of evict
japans: third-person singular simple present indicative of japan
tutors: third-person singular simple present indicative of tutor
veeled: simple past and past participle of veel
minged: simple past and past participle of ming
knouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of knout
jarped: simple past and past participle of jarp
eeping: present participle and gerund of eep
twirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of twirl
plinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of plink
gloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of gloat
wisted: simple past and past participle of wist
pooted: simple past and past participle of poot
quants: third-person singular simple present indicative of quant
peises: third-person singular simple present indicative of peise
livens: third-person singular simple present indicative of liven
haeted: simple past and past participle of haet
reedit: Alternative form of re-edit
incide: To separate and remove (something); to cut.
incide: To resolve or break up (something), as by medicines.
illude: To give a false impression to.
mirate: To marvel at.
pashed: simple past and past participle of pash
parles: third-person singular simple present indicative of parle
flense: To strip the blubber or skin from, as from a whale, seal, etc.
bammed: simple past and past participle of bam
farked: simple past and past participle of fark
lapped: simple past and past participle of lap
rewild: To return an area to a more wild state, especially to repopulate it with wild animals that have become extirpated.
impone: To stake; to wager; to pledge.
oppone: To oppose.
caning: present participle and gerund of cane
huggle: To hug and snuggle simultaneously: gesture of tender non-sexual affection.
huggle: To hug and cuddle.
huggle: To huddle.
nagged: simple past and past participle of nag
rehome: To find a new home for (especially a pet).
rehome: To find a new family for (one or more adopted children) without using official adoption agencies.
incute: To strike or stamp in.
disbud: To remove buds from a plant in order to promote growth and health in the remaining buds.
disbud: To remove horn-buds from a young calf, lamb or goat kid, to prevent growth of horns.
allide: To impact a stationary object.
divise: Obsolete form of devise.
defang: To remove the fangs from (something).
defang: To render harmless.
skrike: To cry, sob, cry out or yell; to scream.
turfed: simple past and past participle of turf
caking: present participle and gerund of cake
cohære: Archaic spelling of cohere.
arride: To please; to gratify.
smites: third-person singular simple present indicative of smite
G-spot: To stimulate the G-spot of.
wadset: To mortgage land.
nosing: present participle and gerund of nose
coring: present participle and gerund of core
sperse: To disperse.
bouffe: To make bouffant.
scours: third-person singular simple present indicative of scour
feeing: present participle and gerund of fee
foxing: present participle and gerund of fox
get to: To reach or arrive at (a physical or abstract destination, or state of doing a certain activity).
get to: To go to or be located at (a particular place).
get to: To be allowed to.
get to: To affect adversely; to upset or annoy.
get to: To intimidate or kill etc.
get at: To manage to gain access to.
get at: To understand or ascertain by investigation.
get at: To mean, signify.
get at: To attack verbally or physically; to annoy, bother.
get at: To persuade by intimidation, to tamper with.
get at: To begin working on or dealing with.
get at: To contact someone.
tp'ing: present participle and gerund of tp
birded: simple past and past participle of bird
skeets: third-person singular simple present indicative of skeet
onsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of onset
louted: simple past and past participle of lout
gusted: simple past and past participle of gust
finked: simple past and past participle of fink
naysay: Alternative spelling of nay-say (“say no to; deny, disagree, or oppose”)
envies: third-person singular simple present indicative of envy
gadded: simple past and past participle of gad
m'lady: To address as “m’lady”.
outlie: To tell more or better lies than.
outlie: To lie outside, or at the extremes or periphery of.
outlie: To live in the open air.
parses: third-person singular simple present indicative of parse
litten: past participle of light
tiling: present participle and gerund of tile
hitted: simple past and past participle of hit
shames: third-person singular simple present indicative of shame
razzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of razz
razzed: simple past and past participle of razz
tootle: To make a soft toot sound.
tootle: To play (a musical instrument) making such a sound.
tootle: To go (somewhere); to amble aimlessly.
tootle: To transport (someone somewhere).
berime: Alternative spelling of berhyme
emunge: To wipe or cleanse, especially one's nose.
spiels: third-person singular simple present indicative of spiel
rewarm: To warm again; to bring back to a state of warmth.
binges: third-person singular simple present indicative of binge
binged: simple past and past participle of bing
binged: simple past and past participle of binge
pavane: To dance the pavane.
persue: Obsolete form of pursue.
desume: To borrow; to select.
premix: To blend in advance.
shikar: To hunt; to go hunting.
yexing: present participle and gerund of yex
advect: To transport (something) by advection.
snipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snipe
smutch: To soil, stain or smudge.
smutch: To eat noisily, as with one's mouth open.
gouges: third-person singular simple present indicative of gouge
heaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of heave
quaked: simple past and past participle of quake
pieced: simple past and past participle of piece
tensed: simple past and past participle of tense
griped: simple past and past participle of gripe
gyring: present participle and gerund of gyre
goring: present participle and gerund of gore
boated: simple past and past participle of boat
smelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of smelt
miking: present participle and gerund of mike
duping: present participle and gerund of dupe
gruing: present participle and gerund of grue
jibing: present participle and gerund of jibe
pruned: simple past and past participle of prune
slaved: simple past and past participle of slave
cubing: present participle and gerund of cube
forded: simple past and past participle of ford
lathed: simple past and past participle of lathe
dicing: present participle and gerund of dice
jobbed: simple past and past participle of job
tupped: simple past and past participle of tup
holing: present participle and gerund of hole
cycled: simple past and past participle of cycle
hyping: present participle and gerund of hype
snared: simple past and past participle of snare
knifes: third-person singular simple present indicative of knife
droned: simple past and past participle of drone
soling: present participle and gerund of sole
raking: present participle and gerund of rake
rouged: simple past and past participle of rouge
nuking: present participle and gerund of nuke
raping: present participle and gerund of rape
roping: present participle and gerund of rope
ankled: simple past and past participle of ankle
lofted: simple past and past participle of loft
whored: simple past and past participle of whore
parred: simple past and past participle of par
hovers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hover
zapped: simple past and past participle of zap
kitted: simple past and past participle of kit
parsed: simple past and past participle of parse
spites: third-person singular simple present indicative of spite
spited: simple past and past participle of spite
sating: present participle and gerund of sate
sabred: simple past and past participle of sabre
staked: simple past and past participle of stake
bathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bathe
cloned: simple past and past participle of clone
severs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sever
pursed: simple past and past participle of purse
fining: present participle and gerund of fine
sauced: simple past and past participle of sauce
baning: present participle and gerund of bane
gelled: simple past and past participle of gel
lanced: simple past and past participle of lance
puking: present participle and gerund of puke
extols: third-person singular simple present indicative of extol
wilded: simple past and past participle of wild
kiting: present participle and gerund of kite
muting: present participle and gerund of mute
atoned: simple past and past participle of atone
fobbed: simple past and past participle of fob
imbues: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbue
hobbed: simple past and past participle of hob
duffed: simple past and past participle of duff
tolled: simple past and past participle of toll
spumed: simple past and past participle of spume
atones: third-person singular simple present indicative of atone
gaging: present participle and gerund of gage
recurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of recur
laving: present participle and gerund of lave
wigged: simple past and past participle of wig
dazing: present participle and gerund of daze
chocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chock
crazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of craze
piqued: simple past and past participle of pique
paging: present participle and gerund of page
spumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spume
gauged: simple past and past participle of gauge
kedged: simple past and past participle of kedge
grazed: simple past and past participle of graze
gaited: simple past and past participle of gait
toning: present participle and gerund of tone
japing: present participle and gerund of jape
easing: present participle and gerund of ease
souses: third-person singular simple present indicative of souse
triced: simple past and past participle of trice
prised: simple past and past participle of prise
jiving: present participle and gerund of jive
skived: simple past and past participle of skive
hedged: simple past and past participle of hedge
slakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slake
melded: simple past and past participle of meld
laming: present participle and gerund of lame
bulged: simple past and past participle of bulge
reused: simple past and past participle of reuse
riling: present participle and gerund of rile
erodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of erode
teased: simple past and past participle of tease
addled: simple past and past participle of addle
lubing: present participle and gerund of lube
sagged: simple past and past participle of sag
sidles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sidle
sidled: simple past and past participle of sidle
idling: present participle and gerund of idle
tiffed: simple past and past participle of tiff
haling: present participle and gerund of hale
flasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of flask
surfed: simple past and past participle of surf
miring: present participle and gerund of mire
dodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of dodge
dodged: simple past and past participle of dodge
salved: simple past and past participle of salve
yawped: simple past and past participle of yawp
joshed: simple past and past participle of josh
bugled: simple past and past participle of bugle
dibbed: simple past and past participle of dib
snirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of snirt
ridged: simple past and past participle of ridge
waring: present participle and gerund of ware
hogged: simple past and past participle of hog
rouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of rouse
toping: present participle and gerund of tope
luring: present participle and gerund of lure
skyped: simple past and past participle of skype
skypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of skype
sluing: present participle and gerund of slue
toting: present participle and gerund of tote
endues: third-person singular simple present indicative of endue
luving: present participle and gerund of luv
emoted: simple past and past participle of emote
rinsed: simple past and past participle of rinse
lacing: present participle and gerund of lace
emotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emote
snuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snuff
gibing: present participle and gerund of gibe
tholed: simple past and past participle of thole
brazed: simple past and past participle of braze
brazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of braze
slited: simple past and past participle of slite
slites: third-person singular simple present indicative of slite
weeted: simple past and past participle of weet
coacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coact
bowses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowse
bowsed: simple past and past participle of bowse
boused: simple past and past participle of bouse
bouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bouse
keeved: simple past and past participle of keeve
deices: third-person singular simple present indicative of deice
deiced: simple past and past participle of deice
mumped: simple past and past participle of mump
ousing: present participle and gerund of ouse
bobars: third-person singular simple present indicative of bobar
yeaned: simple past and past participle of yean
twined: simple past and past participle of twine
honers: Misspelling of honors/honours.
gushed: simple past and past participle of gush
robing: present participle and gerund of robe
jarred: simple past and past participle of jar
zipped: simple past and past participle of zip
banged: simple past and past participle of bang
smirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of smirr
gushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gush
boaked: simple past and past participle of boak
dwined: simple past and past participle of dwine
braved: simple past and past participle of brave
instil: Australia, Ireland, and UK standard spelling of instill.
kaypoh: To act as a busybody, to pry into the business of others.
inseam: To fit (trousers) with an inseam.
inseam: To impress or mark with a seam or cicatrix.
remaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of remap
reseed: To sow seeds again; to apply seed to (a plot of land) again.
reseed: Of a non-perennial plant, to produce seeds to ensure the following generation without human intervention; to self-sow.
reseed: To reset the input of an algorithm so as to ensure different results.
unstop: To remove a stoppage; to clear a blockage.
unstop: To unplug or uncork a container.
unstop: To draw out the stops of (an organ).
hoeing: present participle and gerund of hoe
manège: To train (a horse).
sarcle: To weed with a hoe
massed: simple past and past participle of mass
wrests: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrest
masted: simple past and past participle of mast
chaunt: Obsolete spelling of chant
ettles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ettle
carded: simple past and past participle of card
meshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mesh
miscue: To give an incorrect cue.
miscue: to mishit, strike incorrectly.
jogged: simple past and past participle of jog
loaned: simple past and past participle of loan
bobbed: simple past and past participle of bob
catted: simple past and past participle of cat
posing: present participle and gerund of pose
redrew: simple past of redraw
tempre: Obsolete form of temper.
molder: US standard spelling of moulder.
scamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scamp
givest: second-person singular simple present indicative of give
eatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of eat
willst: (archaic) second-person singular simple present indicative of will (Alternative form of wilt)
prided: simple past and past participle of pride
bended: simple past and past participle of bend
basins: third-person singular simple present indicative of basin
misdid: simple past of misdo
incant: To state solemnly, to chant.
incant: To recite an incantation.
belike: To make like; simulate.
belike: To be like; resemble.
belike: To be pleasing to; please.
belike: To like; be pleased with.
choque: Obsolete form of shock.
densen: To become dense or more dense.
brigue: To achieve or obtain by underhand methods.
halloo: To shout halloo.
halloo: To encourage with shouts; to egg (someone) on.
halloo: To chase with shouts or outcries.
halloo: To call or shout to; to hail.
halloo: To shout (something).
incurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of incur
ringed: simple past and past participle of ring (circled, enclosed)
sherpa: To serve as a guide or porter for another.
lollop: To walk or move with a bouncing or undulating motion and at an unhurried pace.
lollop: To act lazily, loll, lie around.
hawing: present participle and gerund of haw
hipped: simple past and past participle of hip
hipped: simple past and past participle of hip
rimmed: simple past and past participle of rim
k-line: To ban a user from a server
dabbed: simple past and past participle of dab
honeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of honey
mugged: simple past and past participle of mug
bugged: simple past and past participle of bug
ratted: simple past and past participle of rat
logics: third-person singular simple present indicative of logic
siking: present participle and gerund of sike
jetted: simple past and past participle of jet
itched: simple past and past participle of itch
log on: To log in.
log on: To visit a Web site; construed with to.
pop up: To come up with a "pop" sound.
pop up: To appear without warning.
pop up: (Of an alert, advertisement, etc.) To suddenly appear onscreen.
pop up: To display as an alert, advertisement, etc. that suddenly appears on screen.
infold: To fold inwards.
infold: To wrap up or inwrap; involve; inclose; enfold or envelop.
infold: To clasp with the arms; embrace.
thinke: Obsolete spelling of think
novate: To replace something with something new
novate: To replace a contract (especially a financial contract) with one or more new contracts.
vocate: To appoint to a religious office.
hanced: simple past and past participle of hance
luffed: simple past and past participle of luff
purred: simple past and past participle of purr
daunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of daunt
recked: simple past and past participle of reck
fazing: present participle and gerund of faze
dowing: present participle and gerund of dow
demurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of demur
elates: third-person singular simple present indicative of elate
mulcts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mulct
ricked: simple past and past participle of rick
hances: third-person singular simple present indicative of hance
pulped: simple past and past participle of pulp
marled: simple past and past participle of marl
swarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of swart
fadged: simple past and past participle of fadge
fadges: third-person singular simple present indicative of fadge
shanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shank
plonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of plonk
thumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of thump
gryped: simple past and past participle of grype
rodeos: third-person singular simple present indicative of rodeo
grypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of grype
rezone: to change the zoning assigned to a piece of property by the planning and zoning commission of a government that determines proper and legal use for land.
assays: third-person singular simple present indicative of assay
resown: past participle of resow
nabbed: simple past and past participle of nab
budges: third-person singular simple present indicative of budge
hashed: simple past and past participle of hash
hashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hash
vasten: To make or become vast
squoze: simple past and past participle of squeeze
bamboo: To flog with a bamboo cane.
bamboo: To paint (furniture, etc.) to give it the appearance of bamboo.
bamboo: To penetrate sexually.
phials: third-person singular simple present indicative of phial
baulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of baulk
ravels: third-person singular simple present indicative of ravel
yowled: simple past and past participle of yowl
mobbed: simple past and past participle of mob
holden: past participle of hold
swiped: simple past and past participle of swipe
donked: simple past and past participle of donk
chuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chuff
slangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of slang
barged: simple past and past participle of barge
stunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of stunt
yanked: simple past and past participle of yank
elopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of elope
eloped: simple past and past participle of elope
juping: present participle and gerund of jupe
coaled: simple past and past participle of coal
swipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swipe
moping: present participle and gerund of mope
slants: third-person singular simple present indicative of slant
fluffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fluff
croyns: third-person singular simple present indicative of croyn
tawing: present participle and gerund of taw
spangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spang
flexed: simple past and past participle of flex
flexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flex
gay up: To make something more appealing to the gay community e.g. by adding gay characters to a soap opera.
gay up: To give something gay characteristics.
annexe: Alternative spelling of annex
attrit: To wear down through attrition, especially mechanical attrition.
attrit: To engage in attrition; to quit or drop out.
attrit: To be reduced in quantity through attrition.
attrit: To lose, or to kill, troops by attrition due to sustained firepower.
guggle: To make a sound as of liquid being poured from a small-necked container
guggle: To pour from a container and make this sound
primed: simple past and past participle of prime
ousted: simple past and past participle of oust
unpick: To undo sewing stitches.
unpick: To undo knitting in order to reuse the wool.
unpick: To unravel or untangle the threads of a rope etc.
unpick: To unfold; to solve.
unpick: To disassemble, to undo.
unpick: To take apart, to criticize harshly.
vialed: simple past and past participle of vial
pulsed: simple past and past participle of pulse
gluing: present participle and gerund of glue
declaw: To surgically remove the claws of (an animal); to perform onychectomy on.
declaw: To make harmless.
netted: simple past and past participle of net
rehang: To hang again.
faring: present participle and gerund of fare
toying: present participle and gerund of toy
delink: To unlink, or remove a link from.
jotted: simple past and past participle of jot
bedded: simple past and past participle of bed
lagged: simple past and past participle of lag
noised: simple past and past participle of noise
mopped: simple past and past participle of mop
boosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of boost
teamed: simple past and past participle of team
cesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cess
pittle: To urinate.
besots: third-person singular simple present indicative of besot
riving: present participle and gerund of rive
raided: simple past and past participle of raid
deworm: To cause an animal to excrete any worms in the digestive tract by the administration of drugs.
hennas: third-person singular simple present indicative of henna
caging: present participle and gerund of cage
tarred: simple past and past participle of tar
greyed: simple past and past participle of grey
segued: simple past and past participle of segue
touted: simple past and past participle of tout
pigged: simple past and past participle of pig
ponced: simple past and past participle of ponce
acknew: simple past and past participle of acknow
frails: third-person singular simple present indicative of frail
belaid: simple past and past participle of belay; belayed.
verged: simple past and past participle of verge
bewept: simple past and past participle of beweep
plaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of plait
beaked: simple past and past participle of beak
flunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of flunk
chused: simple past and past participle of chuse
embued: simple past and past participle of embue
kiping: present participle and gerund of kipe
nicens: third-person singular simple present indicative of nicen
ponded: simple past and past participle of pond
tasers: third-person singular simple present indicative of taser
meshed: simple past and past participle of mesh
co-ops: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-op
upbore: simple past and past participle of upbear
upbred: simple past and past participle of upbreed
puling: present participle and gerund of pule
keened: simple past and past participle of keen
tidies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tidy
tidied: simple past and past participle of tidy
troped: simple past and past participle of trope
upsell: To persuade a customer to buy more items, or more expensive items, than they had intended.
themed: simple past and past participle of theme
myekin: present participle of myek
incuse: To hammer or press (usually onto a coin)
reecho: To echo again; to reverberate.
scarfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scarf
bloque: Rare spelling of block.
imbosk: To hide or conceal oneself
unbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbar
cam'st: Obsolete form of camest.
taxied: simple past and past participle of taxi
inures: third-person singular simple present indicative of inure
tiffin: To eat a (light) midday meal or snack.
refile: To file again or differently.
afoord: Obsolete spelling of afford
re-sew: To sew again.
unpeel: To remove the peel from something; to peel.
unpeel: To unwind something.
unbolt: To unlock by undoing the bolts of.
remint: To mint (create money) again or repeatedly.
jesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of jess
byname: To assign a byname to.
tyekin: present participle of tyek
barken: To become hard or form a crust, like bark.
barken: To tan or dye with bark.
waived: simple past and past participle of waive
infame: To defame; to make infamous.
fiving: present participle and gerund of five
snavel: To steal, to pickpocket.
snavel: To snatch.
luxate: To dislocate.
flicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of flick
radgin: present participle of radge
radged: simple past and past participle of radge
stotts: third-person singular simple present indicative of stott
chafes: third-person singular simple present indicative of chafe
wimble: To truss hay with a wimble.
wimble: To bore or pierce, as with a wimble.
belies: third-person singular simple present indicative of belie
splain: Aphetic form of explain.
splain: To condescendingly explain something, often extensively, especially to someone that knows more about it; for example, to mansplain, whitesplain, etc.
bedaze: To cause to become dazed.
aerify: To mix with air.
aerify: To vaporize.
add on: To incorporate (something extra, often an amount of money) into something else (often a bill).
add on: To put an expansion onto a building, usually a home.
act on: To act decisively on the basis of information received or deduced.
act on: Το act accordingly to a (usually sublimated) desire or impulse.
act on: To take action against something.
act on: To affect something.
rafted: simple past and past participle of raft
decede: To withdraw.
hoaxed: simple past and past participle of hoax
labefy: To weaken.
soodle: To walk slowly.
bibble: To eat and/or drink noisily.
bibble: To tipple.
bibble: To worry.
rehung: simple past and past participle of rehang
reline: To add new lines to.
reline: To add a new lining to.
reship: To ship something again.
reship: To engage oneself again for service on board a vessel after having been discharged.
caused: simple past and past participle of cause
relive: To experience (something) again; to live over again.
relive: To bring back to life; to revive, resuscitate.
relive: To come back to life.
unbent: simple past and past participle of unbend
clunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of clunk
mackle: Obsolete form of macule.
mackle: To assemble in a makeshift manner; to cobble together.
repels: third-person singular simple present indicative of repel
embays: third-person singular simple present indicative of embay
hushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hush
paraph: To add a paraph to; to sign, especially with one's initials.
fenced: past participle of fence
camest: second-person singular simple past indicative of come
gavest: second-person singular simple past indicative of give
snoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of snoop
stoven: past participle of stave
affixe: Archaic form of affix.
feutre: Alternative form of fewter
azures: third-person singular simple present indicative of azure
afears: third-person singular simple present indicative of afear
aneles: third-person singular simple present indicative of anele
bemuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemud
torace: To tear apart, rend to pieces, rip up.
decoct: To make an infusion.
decoct: To reduce, or concentrate by boiling down.
decoct: To heat as if by boiling.
decoct: To reduce or diminish.
decoct: To digest in the stomach.
decoct: To devise.
casten: past participle of cast
relace: To lace again.
eagers: third-person singular simple present indicative of eager
dering: present participle and gerund of dere
tie in: To fit in or harmonize (with something).
bingle: To arrange the hair in this style.
bingle: To achieve a base hit in which the batter stops safely at first base.
tumefy: To cause to swell.
tumefy: To swell; to rise into a tumour.
arcing: present participle and gerund of arc
cusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuss
unmake: To destroy or take apart; to cause (a made article) to lose its nature.
squids: present of squid
cooped: simple past and past participle of coop
banned: simple past and past participle of ban
emceed: simple past and past participle of emcee
wroten: past participle of write; written.
caulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of caulk
chides: third-person singular simple present indicative of chide
unreel: To remove or uncoil from a reel.
carves: third-person singular simple present indicative of carve
dog it: To underperform; to lag behind; to fail to exert effort.
had to: simple past and past participle of have to
niello: To decorate (a surface) using this technique.
unrung: past participle of unring
unring: Hypothetically, to reverse the act of ringing, or the consequences of the action.
unring: To remove a ring from.
rhumba: Alternative spelling of rumba
tasing: present participle and gerund of tase
steups: To suck one's teeth, indicating disappointment, derision or disgust.
unglue: to separate that which was held by glue
unglue: to cease to adhere to or follow attentively
unsnap: To unfasten (something held by snaps).
bitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bite
tarted: simple past and past participle of tart
fudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of fudge
prated: simple past and past participle of prate
jutted: simple past and past participle of jut
prates: third-person singular simple present indicative of prate
jabbed: simple past and past participle of jab
sayang: to love, adore
sayang: to regret, to miss (regret the absence of)
sayang: to soothe
sayang: to call someone by an affectionate nickname such as 'darling'
fudged: simple past and past participle of fudge
dumbed: simple past and past participle of dumb
nangry: To sleep.
yearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of yearn
inking: present participle and gerund of ink
hocked: simple past and past participle of hock
hewing: present participle and gerund of hew
bossed: simple past and past participle of boss
bilked: simple past and past participle of bilk
bopped: simple past and past participle of bop
lay by: To put away for future use; save; to build up as savings.
lay by: (of a sailing vessel) To remain stationary while heading into the wind; to come to a standstill; heave to; lay to.
lay by: To tend (a crop) for the last time, leaving it to mature without further cultivation.
lay by: simple past of lie by
hosing: present participle and gerund of hose
shying: present participle and gerund of shy
yoking: present participle and gerund of yoke
loused: simple past and past participle of louse
louses: third-person singular simple present indicative of louse
pureed: simple past and past participle of puree
reshot: simple past and past participle of reshoot
crafte: Obsolete spelling of craft
mighte: Obsolete spelling of might
blesse: Obsolete spelling of bless
lyghte: Obsolete spelling of light
crated: simple past and past participle of crate
drools: third-person singular simple present indicative of drool
casses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cass
cue up: To take aim on the cue ball with the cue in a game of snooker, or billiards, etc.
cue up: To set up people or things so as to be ready for their cues (such as backstage).
cue up: Misspelling of queue up.
deeded: simple past and past participle of deed
sniffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sniff
prides: third-person singular simple present indicative of pride
croaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of croak
faxing: present participle and gerund of fax
growed: simple past and past participle of grow
blowed: simple past and past participle of blow
slayed: simple past and past participle of slay
respot: To replace a ball on its correct spot on a snooker, billiards or pool table.
respot: To replace a pin to its correct position prior to a player bowling.
respot: To move a commercial or military vehicle or vehicles into a new position in order to make room for other activity or to allow the moved vehicles to be worked on.
respot: To perform the final welds on a manufactured item.
remand: To send a prisoner back to custody.
remand: To send a case back to a lower court for further consideration.
remand: To send back.
upsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of upset
abends: third-person singular simple present indicative of abend
lucked: simple past and past participle of luck
whaled: simple past and past participle of whale
blonds: third-person singular simple present indicative of blond
stomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of stomp
bringe: Obsolete spelling of bring
dissed: simple past and past participle of diss
docked: simple past and past participle of dock
nicked: simple past and past participle of nick
revved: simple past and past participle of rev
revved: simple past and past participle of revv
conked: simple past and past participle of conk
dolled: simple past and past participle of doll
doling: present participle and gerund of dole
strums: third-person singular simple present indicative of strum
flaked: simple past and past participle of flake
okayed: simple past and past participle of okay
pomate: Synonym of anoint: to apply ointment.
pomate: Synonym of pomade: to apply pomade.
pomate: Synonym of mash: to crush into a paste.
sicker: To percolate, trickle, or seep; to ooze, as water through a crack.
peeved: simple past and past participle of peeve
doused: simple past and past participle of douse
gassed: simple past and past participle of gas
jailed: simple past and past participle of jail
rebook: To book again.
thanke: Obsolete spelling of thank
askest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ask
sweare: Obsolete spelling of swear
fleeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flee
dammed: simple past and past participle of dam
unbury: To dig up, to remove from the ground.
careth: third-person singular simple present indicative of care
yorked: simple past and past participle of york
sieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of sieve
sicked: simple past and past participle of sick
ponged: simple past and past participle of pong
brined: simple past and past participle of brine
quicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of quick
brines: third-person singular simple present indicative of brine
elutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of elute
eluted: simple past and past participle of elute
danged: simple past and past participle of dang
gnarls: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnarl
dunked: simple past and past participle of dunk
everts: third-person singular simple present indicative of evert
spiffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spiff
kneads: third-person singular simple present indicative of knead
exuded: simple past and past participle of exude
borged: simple past and past participle of borg
scoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoot
tenons: third-person singular simple present indicative of tenon
Borged: simple past and past participle of Borg
sambas: third-person singular simple present indicative of samba
grifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of grift
savors: third-person singular simple present indicative of savor
Tasers: third-person singular simple present indicative of Taser
tyeken: simple past and past participle of tyek
emends: third-person singular simple present indicative of emend
wiving: present participle and gerund of wive
upsold: simple past and past participle of upsell
resews: third-person singular simple present indicative of resew
gedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of gedge
gedged: simple past and past participle of gedge
dights: third-person singular simple present indicative of dight
outeat: To eat more than.
tembak: to guess the answer to a multiple-choice question
darest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dare
dareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dare
man up: To "be a man about it"; to do the things a man is traditionally expected to do, such as taking responsibility for the consequences of one's actions; displaying bravery or toughness in the face of danger, adversity, or a challenge; providing for one's family, etc. (Compare man (“brace oneself, steel oneself”).)
man up: (Of personnel) to assemble, each person manning (attending to) his station, prepared for the departure of an aircraft, ship, etc. (Compare man (“supply with staff; take up position to operate”).)
man up: To staff adequately; to staff up; to successfully fill all needed labor positions. (Compare man (“supply with staff”).)
man up: To vigorously guard the opponent to whom one is assigned.
revest: To dress (a priest or other religious figure) in ritual garments, especially to celebrate Mass or another service.
revest: To reclothe; to dress again.
revest: To return (property) to a former owner; to reinstate
revest: To invest again with possession or office.
revest: To take effect again.
baling: present participle and gerund of bale
queued: simple past and past participle of queue
ambers: third-person singular simple present indicative of amber
deters: third-person singular simple present indicative of deter
shapen: To shape, form.
shapen: past participle of shape
beefed: simple past and past participle of beef
beaded: simple past and past participle of bead
bloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloat
spy on: To watch secretly or covertly; to surveil.
nerved: simple past and past participle of nerve
enrols: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrol
dunned: simple past and past participle of dun
voiden: To make or become void.
rechew: To chew again.
rechew: To go over or ponder again.
speake: Obsolete spelling of speak
mought: Alternative form of might
mought: past participle of may.
drinke: Obsolete spelling of drink
hatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hate
aileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ail
moveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of move
saveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of save
addeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of add
trieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of try
sleepe: Obsolete spelling of sleep
breake: Obsolete spelling of break
hopeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hope
takest: second-person singular simple present indicative of take
loseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lose
drunke: Obsolete spelling of drunk
liketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of like
cheere: Obsolete spelling of cheer
hauing: present participle and gerund of haue
toucht: simple past and past participle of touch
pittie: Obsolete spelling of pity
demist: To remove the layer of fine liquid particles from the surface of (a window or mirror).
hidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hide
boweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bow
criest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cry
fireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fire
rulest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rule
carest: second-person singular simple present indicative of care
sowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sow
livest: second-person singular simple present indicative of live
acheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ache
buyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy
faceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of face
drieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dry
nameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of name
rageth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rage
waketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of wake
wakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wake
wadded: simple past and past participle of wad
gummed: simple past and past participle of gum
waxeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wax
groane: Obsolete spelling of groan
prawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of prawn
savest: second-person singular simple present indicative of save
meeker: To break up and smooth soil with a harrow.
befits: third-person singular simple present indicative of befit
rebuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebut
croons: third-person singular simple present indicative of croon
agress: Misspelling of aggress.
mishit: To incorrectly or badly hit.
ridest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ride
spieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spy
urgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of urge
urgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of urge
yoketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of yoke
cabled: simple past and past participle of cable
unfill: To empty.
repays: third-person singular simple present indicative of repay
scroop: To produce the a harsh scraping, grating sound, as of friction.
scroop: To make sounds such as of a chair on the floor or chalk on a blackboard.
scroop: To produce the a harsh scraping, grating sound, as of friction.
scroop: To produce a rustling sound, like that from friction between silk fibers.
ensues: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensue
flints: third-person singular simple present indicative of flint
enseam: To remove the surplus fat from a horse or (in falconry) a bird.
enseam: To sew or stitch up in a covering
notest: second-person singular simple present indicative of note
payest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pay
namest: second-person singular simple present indicative of name
gazeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaze
losest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lose
likest: second-person singular simple present indicative of like
hopest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hope
dotest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dote
doteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dote
fixeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fix
staved: simple past and past participle of stave
haying: present participle and gerund of hay
horsed: simple past and past participle of horse
getter: To remove gas by sorption.
aimest: second-person singular simple present indicative of aim
crosst: simple past and past participle of cross
casted: simple past and past participle of cast
sunned: simple past and past participle of sun
hooped: simple past and past participle of hoop
bogged: simple past and past participle of bog
DIYing: present participle and gerund of DIY
mashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mash
farest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fare
fareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fare
thwock: Alternative form of thock
coopts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coopt
roomed: simple past and past participle of room
sapped: simple past and past participle of sap
layest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lay
layest: second-person singular simple past indicative of lie
eagled: simple past and past participle of eagle
avulse: To tear off forcibly.
etches: third-person singular simple present indicative of etch
equips: third-person singular simple present indicative of equip
astony: To stun, paralyse, astound.
fluxed: simple past and past participle of flux
blared: simple past and past participle of blare
fluxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flux
flouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of flout
batiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of batik
let us: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see let, us.
let us: Alternative form of let's
figger: Pronunciation spelling of figure.
swaged: simple past and past participle of swage
swages: third-person singular simple present indicative of swage
dement: To drive mad; to craze
moblog: To post to a weblog by this means.
hatted: simple past and past participle of hat
enjail: To put in jail.
cludge: Alternative form of kludge
wintle: To wind, to reel.
wintle: To stagger, to sway or rock.
wintle: To tumble, to capsize.
wintle: To wriggle.
coures: third-person singular simple present indicative of coure
stithy: To form on an anvil.
redoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of redo
roosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of roost
guiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of guile
fleers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleer
amping: present participle and gerund of amp
dilled: simple past and past participle of dill
tooted: simple past and past participle of toot
guiled: simple past and past participle of guile
golfed: simple past and past participle of golf
temped: simple past and past participle of temp
sprues: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprue
uprose: simple past and past participle of uprise
gawked: simple past and past participle of gawk
cybers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cyber
helmed: simple past and past participle of helm
fowled: simple past and past participle of fowl
slurps: third-person singular simple present indicative of slurp
maxing: present participle and gerund of max
rousts: third-person singular simple present indicative of roust
bonked: simple past and past participle of bonk
ramped: simple past and past participle of ramp
macked: simple past and past participle of mack
dowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of dower
douted: simple past and past participle of dout
calked: simple past and past participle of calk
houghs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hough
unzips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unzip
shirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shirr
fordid: simple past and past participle of fordo
facked: simple past and past participle of fack
reweds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewed
resows: third-person singular simple present indicative of resow
unpins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpin
unsays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsay
riffed: simple past and past participle of riff
riffed: simple past and past participle of rif
wisens: third-person singular simple present indicative of wisen
outate: simple past and past participle of outeat
fooked: simple past and past participle of fook
laffed: simple past and past participle of laff
glozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gloze
unrobe: To disrobe, to undress.
encash: To convert a financial instrument or funding source into cash.
bermed: simple past and past participle of berm
ran by: simple past of run by
run by: To inform briefly of the main points of; to bring an idea or proposal to the attention of (especially in order to obtain their opinion of it).
run by: To briefly stop at a location for a particular purpose.
run by: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see run, by.
ran up: simple past of run up
run to: To reach a particular maximum amount, size, value, etc.
run to: To be capable of reaching or achieving.
run to: To go to a responsible person or authority figure for support; to require another to support oneself.
sonate: To make a sound
lilted: simple past and past participle of lilt
shammy: To clean with a chamois leather cloth.
scaped: simple past and past participle of scape
binded: Bound; simple past and past participle of bind
subnet: To break (a network) into subnets.
let up: To cease or stop.
graunt: Archaic spelling of grant.
prusik: To climb a rope using a prusik.
learne: Archaic spelling of learn.
stript: simple past and past participle of strip
blinde: Obsolete form of blind.
refall: To fall again.
refell: simple past and past participle of refall
refell: To refute.
rasped: simple past and past participle of rasp
rasing: present participle and gerund of rase
casefy: To make or become cheeselike.
teache: Archaic spelling of teach.
beaned: simple past and past participle of bean
agnize: To recognise; to acknowledge.
bights: third-person singular simple present indicative of bight
sautée: Alternative form of sauté
befogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of befog
busies: third-person singular simple present indicative of busy
wibble: To make meaningless comments.
wibble: To wobble.
encave: To hide in, or as in, a cave or recess.
roules: third-person singular simple present indicative of roule
lapper: To make a gentle splashing sound, as the sound of flowing water.
chopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of chope
raying: present participle and gerund of ray
micher: To sneak.
gasses: Alternative spelling of gases. third-person singular simple present indicative of gas
arrose: To drench; to besprinkle; to moisten.
shrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrow
relume: To rekindle; to relight (literally or figuratively).
relume: To make clear or bright again.
defers: third-person singular simple present indicative of defer
sholde: should
affied: simple past and past participle of affy
araise: To raise.
kittle: To tickle, to touch lightly.
kittle: To bring forth young, as a cat; to kitten; to litter.
twerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of twerk
fangle: To fashion, manufacture, invent, or create.
fangle: To trim showily; entangle; hang about.
fangle: To waste time; trifle.
belave: To lave or wash about; wash all over; wash.
belave: to remain, continue; to belay
belave: to be alive
copaid: simple past and past participle of copay
coiffe: Alternative spelling of coif
rewove: simple past of reweave
kipped: simple past and past participle of kip
gammed: simple past and past participle of gam
weaved: simple past and past participle of weave
kecked: simple past and past participle of keck
diming: present participle and gerund of dime
feuded: simple past and past participle of feud
ceding: present participle and gerund of cede
riping: present participle and gerund of ripe
swives: third-person singular simple present indicative of swive
dowsed: simple past and past participle of dowse
swived: simple past and past participle of swive
adeems: third-person singular simple present indicative of adeem
knurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of knurl
dowses: third-person singular simple present indicative of dowse
cheeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheep
biffed: simple past and past participle of biff
busked: simple past and past participle of busk
greeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of greek
guffed: simple past and past participle of guff
psychs: third-person singular simple present indicative of psych
colled: simple past and past participle of coll
tinked: simple past and past participle of tink
strook: simple past of strike
strook: past participle of strike
bouges: third-person singular simple present indicative of bouge
plonge: To cleanse, as open drains which are entered by the tide, by stirring up the sediment when the tide ebbs.
venges: third-person singular simple present indicative of venge
demoed: simple past and past participle of demo
debugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of debug
coking: present participle and gerund of coke
phreak: To engage in phone phreaking.
ratoon: To sprout ratoons.
ratoon: To cut a plant, especially sugar cane, so that it will produce ratoons.
douses: third-person singular simple present indicative of douse
dadoed: simple past and past participle of dado
trants: third-person singular simple present indicative of trant
purled: simple past and past participle of purl
radars: third-person singular simple present indicative of radar
yacked: simple past and past participle of yack
flumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flume
tweets: third-person singular simple present indicative of tweet
wuving: present participle and gerund of wuv
alines: third-person singular simple present indicative of aline
amoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of amove
amoved: simple past and past participle of amove
teends: third-person singular simple present indicative of teend
affies: third-person singular simple present indicative of affy
bewets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewet
sneaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneap
needes: third-person singular simple present indicative of neede
skalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of skall
fakies: third-person singular simple present indicative of fakie
knawed: simple past and past participle of knaw (“to gnaw”)
knawed: simple past of knaw (“to know”)
cozies: third-person singular simple present indicative of cozie
repart: To divide or share out.
actest: second-person singular simple present indicative of act
acteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of act
adsorp: To adsorb
tutoie: Alternative form of tutoy
coulde: simple past tense and past participle of can
doesna: doesn't
brynge: Obsolete spelling of bring
cobbed: simple past and past participle of cob
ricing: present participle and gerund of rice
marted: simple past and past participle of mart
ladled: simple past and past participle of ladle
misted: simple past and past participle of mist
zested: simple past and past participle of zest
kneels: third-person singular simple present indicative of kneel
gropes: third-person singular simple present indicative of grope
cutify: To form skin.
cutify: To make cute.
retins: third-person singular simple present indicative of retin
retint: To tint again.
retint: To adjust the color of a paint.
requit: Obsolete form of requite.
blunge: To mix clay and water.
battik: Alternative spelling of batik
drawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of drawl
pusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of pus
fibbed: simple past and past participle of fib
grouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of grout
siffle: To whistle or hiss.
palest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pale
sit on: To block, suppress, restrain.
sit on: To restrain (a person).
sit on: To take no action on; to hold in reserve without actually using.
sit on: To be a member of.
sit on: To hold an official inquiry regarding; to deliberate about.
sit on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see sit, on.
skanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skank
futzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of futz
futzed: simple past and past participle of futz
disses: third-person singular simple present indicative of diss
gonged: simple past and past participle of gong
desorb: To remove (or be removed) from a surface onto which it was adsorbed or through which it was absorbed
haloed: simple past and past participle of halo
plaise: Alternative form of please
ruches: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruche
congés: third-person singular simple present indicative of congé
vaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of vaunt
hooved: simple past and past participle of hoove
lyketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of lyke
twangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of twang
foaled: simple past and past participle of foal
grayed: simple past and past participle of gray
posset: To curdle; to turn, as milk; to coagulate.
posset: To treat with possets; to pamper.
posset: To vomit up curdled milk.
sourds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sourd
sourde: Alternative form of sourd
gabbed: simple past and past participle of gab
gaffed: simple past and past participle of gaff
infers: third-person singular simple present indicative of infer
musses: third-person singular simple present indicative of muss
susses: third-person singular simple present indicative of suss
triest: second-person singular simple present indicative of try
unship: To unload cargo from a ship or other vessel
unship: To remove an oar or mast from its normal position
unship: To throw from a horse; to unseat
rances: third-person singular simple present indicative of rance
yelped: simple past and past participle of yelp
incube: To bury or encase.
incube: To incubate.
posken: To make an official ruling or decision.
putten: past participle of put
rerate: to rate again.
educed: simple past and past participle of educe
see to: To take care of; to effect; to make happen.
see to: To serve, attend to, or care for.
see to: To have sex with.
doesnt: Misspelling of doesn't.
whited: simple past and past participle of white
encunt: To penetrate vaginally.
closen: To make or become close.
zoinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of zoink
macing: present participle and gerund of mace
befool: To make a fool out of (someone); to fool, trick, or deceive (someone).
mussed: simple past and past participle of muss
pep up: To make stronger or more interesting.
rearms: third-person singular simple present indicative of rearm
imploy: Obsolete spelling of employ
imploy: Obsolete spelling of imply
stoush: To fight; to argue.
unhems: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhem
kotows: third-person singular simple present indicative of kotow
unknit: To unravel.
unknit: To undo knitted stitches by reversing the knitting motion.
orated: simple past and past participle of orate
orates: third-person singular simple present indicative of orate
nixing: present participle and gerund of nix
reshim: To shim a second or subsequent time
umping: present participle and gerund of ump
demine: To remove explosive mines (landmines or naval mines) from.
tangos: third-person singular simple present indicative of tango
joying: present participle and gerund of joy
mosied: simple past and past participle of mosy
mosies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mosy
debars: third-person singular simple present indicative of debar
dinned: simple past and past participle of din
laking: present participle and gerund of lake
mambos: third-person singular simple present indicative of mambo
miming: present participle and gerund of mime
degerm: To remove the germ from a cereal grain etc.
assran: simple past of assrun
avised: simple past and past participle of avise
aviled: simple past and past participle of avile
awarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of awarn
tithed: simple past and past participle of tithe
aviles: third-person singular simple present indicative of avile
bonged: simple past and past participle of bong
bruxed: simple past and past participle of brux
bruxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of brux
budded: simple past and past participle of bud
opt in: To choose to participate in something
delist: To remove from an official register or list.
modded: simple past and past participle of mod
rebond: To bond again or anew.
preens: third-person singular simple present indicative of preen
forays: third-person singular simple present indicative of foray
pities: third-person singular simple present indicative of pity
pipped: simple past and past participle of pip
vasals: third-person singular simple present indicative of vasal
ducted: simple past and past participle of duct
dieing: Misspelling of dying.
sit in: To attend a class, educational presentation, meeting, etc. for one time, as a visitor.
sit in: To take part in a group musical performance, especially a jazz session, as a temporary guest.
sit in: To participate in a sit-in protest.
skinch: To give scant measure; to squeeze or pinch in order to effect a saving.
untime: To cause to be done at the wrong time.
unhood: To remove the hood from.
ashing: present participle and gerund of ash
Nifong: To make a self-serving, politically-motivated accusation or prosecution.
ensoul: To give a soul or place in the soul.
bepiss: To urinate on.
smoosh: Alternative spelling of smush
peeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of peeve
mastre: Obsolete form of master.
regave: simple past of regive
regive: To give again that which has been received as a gift.
regive: To give back; restore.
reroll: To roll, or roll out, again.
reroll: To roll (dice) again.
reroll: To convert (an unrolled instruction sequence) back into a loop.
kinkle: To kink.
adiate: To receive an inheritance.
shiten: past participle of shit; alternative spelling of shitten
rosins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rosin
postil: To write marginal or explanatory notes on; to gloss.
postil: To write postils, or marginal notes; to comment; to postillate.
reefed: simple past and past participle of reef
derats: third-person singular simple present indicative of derat
unhide: To restore to visibility from being hidden; to show again.
yipped: simple past and past participle of yip
tombed: simple past and past participle of tomb
up-end: To turn (something) upside down, to invert (something).
tatted: simple past and past participle of tat
perved: simple past and past participle of perv
glomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of glomp
chalan: Alternative form of challan
modell: Obsolete form of model.
scowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of scowl
silted: simple past and past participle of silt
skimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of skimp
skeins: third-person singular simple present indicative of skein
zinced: simple past and past participle of zinc
wowing: present participle and gerund of wow
wrying: present participle and gerund of wry
siring: present participle and gerund of sire
pepped: simple past and past participle of pep
permed: simple past and past participle of perm
papped: simple past and past participle of pap
pinged: simple past and past participle of ping
noshed: simple past and past participle of nosh
espies: third-person singular simple present indicative of espy
noshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nosh
kidded: simple past and past participle of kid
negged: simple past and past participle of neg
pungle: To pay or hand over; to shell out
hoorah: Alternative form of hurrah
unhusk: To remove the husk of.
argufy: To argue without any aim; to dispute; to disagree.
argufy: To dispute (a point, fact, etc.), to argue about (something).
argufy: To reason (something) out, to fully consider, think through.
argufy: To persuade (someone) through argument.
argufy: To weary (someone) with arguing.
argufy: To be evidence of (something).
argufy: To be of importance or relevance; to make a difference, to be of use.
warred: simple past and past participle of war
appals: third-person singular simple present indicative of appal
optate: To choose; to wish for; to desire.
retune: To tune again.
detune: To intentionally lower or raise the pitch produced by a musical instrument. Often done to produce sounds not normally possible, or in the case of stringed instruments to reduce tension for the purposes of shipping or maintenance.
detune: To alter the capacitance of a circuit such that its resonant frequency differs from the incoming frequency.
infill: To fill in a space, hole or gap.
infill: To rededicate land in an urban environment to new construction.
datums: third-person singular simple present indicative of datum
sconed: simple past and past participle of scone
hooned: simple past and past participle of hoon
demark: To demarcate.
recode: To code again or differently.
degunk: To remove gunk from.
preamp: preamplify
ionise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of ionize.
arrove: simple past of arrive
heddle: To thread each strand of the warp through the eye of a heddle.
lanken: To become lank or lanky; grow thin.
unwire: To undo the wiring of.
ethify: To make or cause to become (more) ethical.
ethify: To become ethical.
repugn: To oppose or resist
gob up: To gobble; to consume.
gob up: To hawk up; To force phlegm or other viscous fluid up through the throat.
gob up: To coat with a gooey substance.
gob up: To add too many embellishments.
gob up: To pack or fill with waste material.
gob up: To clog or become clogged.
gob up: To form clumps.
lieing: Misspelling of lying.
dejunk: To remove junk from; declutter.
lay up: To store; to put by.
lay up: To disable or incapacitate; to confine to bed.
lay up: To take out of active service.
lay up: To go out of active service.
lay up: To make a layup with (a basketball)
lay up: To deliberately leave the ball further than necessary from the hole, so as to secure an easier succeeding shot.
bepity: To pity greatly.
lie in: To be brought to bed in childbirth.
lie in: To stay in bed (longer than usual).
bunged: simple past and past participle of bung
lauter: To subject to lautering.
bewind: To wind (a thing) about; involve; envelop (with).
bewind: To wind or twine oneself round.
rumbas: third-person singular simple present indicative of rumba
deglut: To be swallowed
haking: present participle and gerund of hake
soogee: To clean with soogee.
moseys: third-person singular simple present indicative of mosey
KO'ing: present participle and gerund of KO
osmose: To diffuse by osmosis.
osmose: To cause to diffuse by osmosis.
fating: present participle and gerund of fate
you'se: Pronunciation spelling of you is.
gowned: simple past and past participle of gown
reemit: To emit again
reemit: To emit something (especially radiation) that has previously been absorbed
pitter: To make a pattering sound.
fluked: simple past and past participle of fluke
hirple: To walk with a limp, to drag a limb, to walk lamely; to move with a gait somewhere between walking and crawling.
wysshe: Obsolete spelling of wish
did up: simple past of do up
did in: simple past of do in
velcro: Alternative letter-case form of Velcro
preves: third-person singular simple present indicative of preve
erects: third-person singular simple present indicative of erect
tonged: simple past and past participle of tong
looses: third-person singular simple present indicative of loose
looses: Misspelling of loses.
fandub: To overdub (a video) as a fan activity, translating the foreign language into the local language.
lisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of liss
obtest: To implore, beseech, plead, beg.
obtest: To call on a witness (often God) to confirm that something is true.
volved: simple past and past participle of volve
geckos: third-person singular simple present indicative of gecko
yarned: simple past and past participle of yarn
claver: To gossip or chit-chat.
yatter: To natter; to prattle; to chatter mindlessly.
debuff: To make a character or unit weaker.
sumped: simple past and past participle of sump
suttle: To act as sutler; to supply provisions and other articles to troops.
set in: To take root, become established.
got it: simple past and past participle of get it
roofie: To put roofies in; to spike with roofies.
roofie: To cause someone to (usually unknowingly) ingest roofies.
libate: To make a libation.
toking: present participle and gerund of toke
lenite: To cause (a consonant) to undergo lenition.
lenite: To undergo lenition.
calved: simple past and past participle of calve
go mad: To become insane.
go mad: To do something extravagant.
go mad: To reach an excessive or ridiculous level.
vagues: third-person singular simple present indicative of vague
vaguen: To make (something) vague or more vague; to blur, to obscure.
vaguen: To become (more) vague; to blur.
profer: To utter; to pronounce.
profer: To deliver.
repass: To pass (back) again, especially in the opposite direction; to return.
guttle: Often followed by down or up: to swallow (something) greedily; to gobble, to guzzle.
guttle: To eat voraciously; to gorge.
guttle: To remove the guts or entrails from (a person or an animal); to disembowel, to eviscerate, to gut.
guttle: To make a bubbling sound; to gurgle.
titted: simple past and past participle of tit
daubed: simple past and past participle of daub
volves: third-person singular simple present indicative of volve
expone: To expound; to explain.
expone: To expose; to imperil.
preved: simple past and past participle of preve
repone: To replace.
repone: To reply.
undock: To remove (a ship) from a dock.
undock: To remove (a ship) from a dock.
undock: To depart a spaceship from a dock/berth/mount/mooring under its own power
undock: To remove from a docking station.
undock: To drag (a user interface element, such as a toolbar) away from its fixed position so that it floats freely.
sopite: To put to sleep; to quiet.
caudle: To make into caudle.
caudle: To serve as a caudle to; to refresh.
claime: Obsolete spelling of claim
salify: To react so as to form a salt
salify: To combine or impregnate with a salt.
salify: To form a salt with; to convert into a salt.
flouse: To splash.
aquire: Misspelling of acquire.
hooroo: To give a cheer of "hooroo".
yo-yos: third-person singular simple present indicative of yo-yo
mucked: simple past and past participle of muck
taling: present participle and gerund of tale
chunam: To plaster or waterproof with chunam.
unroot: To tear up by the roots; to uproot.
leches: third-person singular simple present indicative of lech
fained: simple past and past participle of fain
galing: present participle and gerund of gale
derezz: To disappear, or dissolve into pixels.
aimbot: To cheat in a video game using an aimbot.
hended: simple past and past participle of hend
brivet: To wander an area, or look through items, without specific purpose or to satisfy idle curiosity, especially in a furtive and illicit manner.
verted: simple past and past participle of vert
trouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of trout
meeken: To make or become meek or submissive.
gangle: To move in a manner characteristic of a gangling person
jazzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jazz
sclate: Obsolete form of slate. (cover with slates)
welted: simple past and past participle of welt
infeft: Obsolete form of enfeoff.
infeft: past participle of infeoff
eddied: simple past and past participle of eddy
unclip: To release something by removing a clip.
unfist: To unclench (one's fist)
untick: (UK) To uncheck; to remove a tick mark from.
cummed: (In the sense of having an orgasm) simple past and past participle of cum
fuzing: present participle and gerund of fuze
sew up: To seal by sewing.
sew up: To bring a matter to a full conclusion that deals with all outstanding issues or other concerns.
oaring: present participle and gerund of oar
f**ked: simple past and past participle of f**k
firked: simple past and past participle of firk
gaslit: simple past and past participle of gaslight
metred: simple past and past participle of metre
agnise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of agnize.
desand: To remove sand from.
quires: third-person singular simple present indicative of quire
squush: Alternative spelling of sqush
bedust: To cover with dust.
jading: present participle and gerund of jade
primps: third-person singular simple present indicative of primp
prowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of prowl
panged: simple past and past participle of pang
rebuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebuy
gaoled: simple past and past participle of gaol
gobbed: simple past and past participle of gob
geeing: present participle and gerund of gee
in-box: Alternative form of inbox
graved: simple past of grave
rejigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejig
boozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of booze
boozed: simple past and past participle of booze
bunted: simple past and past participle of bunt
refurb: to refurbish
confix: To make firm; to fix in a particular place or state
balden: To make bald
balden: To become bald
hagrid: past participle of hagride
iodise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of iodize.
imbeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbed
sopped: simple past and past participle of sop
ICQing: present participle and gerund of ICQ
teened: simple past and past participle of teen
conges: third-person singular simple present indicative of conge
doored: simple past and past participle of door
armors: third-person singular simple present indicative of armor
faired: simple past and past participle of fair
fabbed: simple past and past participle of fab
aveled: simple past and past participle of avel
yelmed: simple past and past participle of yelm
lanked: simple past and past participle of lank
tarped: simple past and past participle of tarp
dirked: simple past and past participle of dirk
ralphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ralph
havocs: third-person singular simple present indicative of havoc
vailed: simple past and past participle of vail
bruted: simple past and past participle of brute
sheens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sheen
rabats: third-person singular simple present indicative of rabat
creaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of creak
filked: simple past and past participle of filk
fonded: simple past and past participle of fond
girned: simple past and past participle of girn
faffed: simple past and past participle of faff
lamped: simple past and past participle of lamp
kraals: third-person singular simple present indicative of kraal
inurns: third-person singular simple present indicative of inurn
zorbed: simple past and past participle of zorb
smarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of smarm
prangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of prang
chemos: third-person singular simple present indicative of chemo
whumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of whump
hading: present participle and gerund of hade
davens: third-person singular simple present indicative of daven
flairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of flair
rouned: simple past and past participle of roun
synths: third-person singular simple present indicative of synth
sorned: simple past and past participle of sorn
leints: third-person singular simple present indicative of leint
deoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of deoil
faines: third-person singular simple present indicative of faine
readds: third-person singular simple present indicative of readd
outens: third-person singular simple present indicative of outen
haxors: third-person singular simple present indicative of haxor
yarked: simple past and past participle of yark
uncted: simple past and past participle of unct
swyves: third-person singular simple present indicative of swyve
swyved: simple past and past participle of swyve
stonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stonk
gloams: third-person singular simple present indicative of gloam
chasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of chast
carked: simple past and past participle of cark
educts: third-person singular simple present indicative of educt
raiked: simple past and past participle of raik
gowled: simple past and past participle of gowl
slooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of sloom
dreaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dreap
eldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of elden
ameled: simple past and past participle of amel
amesed: simple past and past participle of amese
ameses: third-person singular simple present indicative of amese
hepped: simple past and past participle of hep
snewed: simple past and past participle of snew
marded: simple past and past participle of mard
freeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of freep
jilled: simple past and past participle of jill
unsees: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsee
gloops: third-person singular simple present indicative of gloop
jitted: simple past and past participle of jit
moshed: simple past and past participle of mosh
moshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mosh
cosied: simple past and past participle of cosy
cozied: simple past and past participle of cozy
cosies: third-person singular simple present indicative of cosy
kilned: simple past and past participle of kiln
punned: simple past and past participle of pun
proact: To take action in advance of an expected event
defuze: Archaic spelling of defuse.
wogged: simple past and past participle of wog
affear: To frighten, to scare; to terrify.
SMSing: present participle and gerund of SMS
opping: present participle and gerund of op
taxies: third-person singular simple present indicative of taxi
saw in: simple past of see in
sat up: simple past and past participle of sit up
sat in: simple past and past participle of sit in
got up: simple past and past participle of get up
see in: To show (someone) in: to introduce (someone) to the inside of a place.
see in: To welcome (an occurrence).
tarpit: To delay by means of a tarpit service.
tushed: simple past and past participle of tush
dehorn: To remove the horns from.
sassed: simple past and past participle of sass
snored: simple past and past participle of snore
sasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sass
siezed: Misspelling of seized.
endark: To darken
siezes: Misspelling of seizes.
salsas: third-person singular simple present indicative of salsa
gibbed: simple past and past participle of gib
cooeed: simple past and past participle of cooee
soloed: simple past and past participle of solo
scowed: simple past and past participle of scow
boohoo: To cry, weep.
boohoo: To complain, whine.
uprate: To give a higher rating to.
uprate: To put a higher value of postage on (a letter) than required by the official rate.
untars: third-person singular simple present indicative of untar
unties: third-person singular simple present indicative of untie
ochres: third-person singular simple present indicative of ochre
syrups: third-person singular simple present indicative of syrup
set on: To attack.
set on: To encourage someone, or an animal, to attack someone.
set on: To be determined to do or achieve something.
advene: To accede or to come to; to be superadded to, to be added to something or become a part of it, though inessential.
redate: To change the date assigned to (something); to date in a new way
skites: third-person singular simple present indicative of skite
skited: simple past and past participle of skite
spored: simple past and past participle of spore
chiaus: Obsolete spelling of chouse (“cheat, trick, swindle”)
quonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of quonk
cluing: present participle and gerund of clue
fapped: simple past and past participle of fap
hoiked: simple past and past participle of hoik
unsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of unset
comove: To move in a correlated fashion
floxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flox
floxed: simple past and past participle of flox
chouse: To cheat, to trick.
chouse: To handle roughly, as by chasing or scaring.
chouse: To handle, to take care of.
chouse: To cause undesirable activity in livestock, such as running.
affeer: To assess or reduce an arbitrary penalty or amercement to a precise sum; to fix the market value of.
affeer: To confirm; to assure.
jambok: Alternative spelling of sjambok
débuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of début
refeed: To feed (a person or organism) again, especially after a period of starvation or malnourishment.
refeed: To feed (material) back into a machine.
unbook: To undo the process of booking; to cancel a booking.
unpegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpeg
unkiss: To cancel or annul something that was done or sealed with a kiss.
unlist: To undo the process of listing; to remove something from a list.
levies: third-person singular simple present indicative of levy
unroof: To remove a roof from, e.g. a building.
upstep: To apply an upward shift of tone between the syllables or words of a tonal language.
spaded: simple past and past participle of spade
lanted: simple past and past participle of lant
strews: third-person singular simple present indicative of strew
loping: present participle and gerund of lope
lushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lush
ollied: simple past and past participle of ollie
IRCing: present participle and gerund of IRC
feting: present participle and gerund of fete
wikied: simple past and past participle of wiki
hucked: simple past and past participle of huck
estops: third-person singular simple present indicative of estop
repots: third-person singular simple present indicative of repot
dewets: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewet
debond: To remove a bonding agent such as glue, or to free from such a bonding
debond: To lift a posted bond
enwrap: To wrap around, surround; to envelop.
enwrap: To absorb completely or engross.
maaing: present participle and gerund of maa
madams: third-person singular simple present indicative of madam
jelled: simple past and past participle of jell
dueled: simple past and past participle of duel
uncaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncap
scrunt: To beg or scrounge.
untack: To unfasten (something tacked).
untack: To remove the tack from.
ingirt: To encircle.
razzle: To dazzle or disorient
buddle: To wash (ore) in a buddle.
ridded: simple past of rid
teeing: present participle and gerund of tee
reseat: To provide (e.g. a room) with more, or new, seats.
reseat: To seat (someone) again, to give somebody a different seat.
reseat: To sit down again.
reseat: To plug (something) back into its socket.
reseat: To fit (something, especially a valve) back into its place.
Nazify: To subject or convert to Nazism (National Socialism).
defund: To cancel funding for.
repins: third-person singular simple present indicative of repin
ytelle: Obsolete form of tell.
resect: To remove (some part of an organ or structure) by surgical means.
met up: simple past and past participle of meet up
subbed: simple past and past participle of sub
relist: To list again.
retied: simple past and past participle of retie
reties: third-person singular simple present indicative of retie
cohost: To act as a joint host.
cohost: To store data or applications on a shared server (as in web hosting).
tabour: Alternative spelling of tabor
shamoy: To prepare leather by working oil into the skin.
retape: To tape again.
fuzzed: simple past and past participle of fuzz
fuzzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuzz
censed: simple past and past participle of cense
oohing: present participle and gerund of ooh
educes: third-person singular simple present indicative of educe
zigged: simple past and past participle of zig
redyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of redye
refind: To find something again.
oompah: To produce an oom-pah sound.
tauten: To make taut; to taut.
tauten: To become taut.
kayoed: simple past and past participle of kayo
gapped: simple past and past participle of gap
tepefy: To cause to become tepid
tepefy: To become tepid
remeet: To meet again
XORing: present participle and gerund of XOR
rebent: simple past and past participle of rebend
rebend: To bend again.
devein: To remove the vein-like colon from (shrimp).
pabble: To make the sound like liquid or porridge makes when bubbling under heat, on a stove.
cop it: To get into trouble; to be punished.
angsts: third-person singular simple present indicative of angst
pogoed: simple past and past participle of pogo
wern't: Pronunciation spelling of weren't.
lysing: present participle and gerund of lyse
reteam: To team (two or more people) together again.
reteam: To team up again.
roaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of roave
roaved: simple past and past participle of roave
anears: third-person singular simple present indicative of anear
rebids: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebid
rescan: To scan again.
dooced: Dismissed from one's job as a result of one's actions on the Internet.
recuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of recut
redyed: simple past and past participle of redye
scooch: To shift, move aside, or scoot over.
scooch: To crouch.
juking: present participle and gerund of juke
slimed: simple past and past participle of slime
toeing: present participle and gerund of toe
mipmap: To precalculate images for a texture in this manner.
gitted: simple past and past participle of git
re-let: To let anew (as a house).
hammed: simple past and past participle of ham
puréed: simple past and past participle of purée
guilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of guilt
lit up: simple past and past participle of light up
purées: third-person singular simple present indicative of purée
confit: To prepare (food) in this manner.
retile: To tile again; to replace with new tiles
præfer: Obsolete spelling of prefer
zagged: simple past and past participle of zag
revote: To vote again.
hem in: To surround and enclose in a way that restricts movement.
receed: Misspelling of recede.
tutted: simple past and past participle of tut
badded: simple past and past participle of bad
replot: To plot again
repost: To post again.
repost: To post up again; to reset oneself at the post.
warn't: Pronunciation spelling of wasn't.
warn't: Pronunciation spelling of weren't.
cueing: present participle and gerund of cue
resail: To sail again.
madded: simple past and past participle of mad
bat in: To bat so that a runner on base effects (a run).
bolden: To make bold; to embolden.
droved: simple past and past participle of drove
droved: informal past tense of drove.
onpass: To pass along or hand over.
steels: third-person singular simple present indicative of steel
bogues: third-person singular simple present indicative of bogue
unbags: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbag
usures: third-person singular simple present indicative of usure
ponied: simple past and past participle of pony
canoed: simple past and past participle of canoe
unknew: simple past of unknow
unknow: To undo the process of knowing, to lose knowledge of something.
precut: To cut in advance.
rolfed: simple past and past participle of rolf
felter: To clot or mat together like felt.
unjams: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjam
unbusy: To make or render unbusy
dueted: simple past and past participle of duet
halsen: To predict; promise.
halsen: To promise; bode; bid (fair or ill).
dobbed: simple past and past participle of dob
onsell: To sell (a purchased item) to a second buyer.
rorted: simple past and past participle of rort
onsold: simple past and past participle of onsell
eclose: To give rise to, or to undergo, eclosion.
degums: third-person singular simple present indicative of degum
eBayed: simple past and past participle of eBay
hellos: third-person singular simple present indicative of hello
ennuis: third-person singular simple present indicative of ennui
lensed: simple past and past participle of lens
poises: third-person singular simple present indicative of poise
demobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of demob
ungods: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungod
ahhing: present participle and gerund of ahh
aneled: simple past and past participle of anele
bolter: To smear or become smeared with a grimy substance.
bolter: To sift or filter through a sieve or bolter.
bolter: To fish using a bolter.
bolter: To pound rapidly.
bolter: To swim or turn sideways while eating.
bolter: To miss a landing on an aircraft carrier by failing to catch the arresting gear wires with the aircraft's tailhook.
hymned: simple past and past participle of hymn
denibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of denib
outman: To have more people than (one's competitor); to outnumber in men.
outman: To outdo in manliness.
fleyed: simple past and past participle of fley
leched: simple past and past participle of lech
aim at: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see aim, at.
aim at: To design for a particular audience
aim at: To intend to do or achieve.
reshow: To show again.
smatch: To have a taste; to taste (something).
smatch: To have a feeling; to smack (of something).
nommed: simple past and past participle of nom
unmold: To remove something from a mold.
amened: simple past and past participle of amen
musics: third-person singular simple present indicative of music
wising: present participle and gerund of wise
letted: simple past of let; hindered.
sodded: simple past and past participle of sod
lekked: simple past and past participle of lek
splurt: To spit out violently, as with disgust or surprise.
splurt: To squirt out in a messy stream.
geotag: To augment (a photograph or other item) with metadata indicating a geographic location.
quined: simple past and past participle of quine
reclog: To clog again
duking: present participle and gerund of duke
covary: To vary together with another variable, particularly in a way that may be predictive
miaows: third-person singular simple present indicative of miaow
totted: simple past and past participle of tot
adhære: Obsolete spelling of adhere
shales: third-person singular simple present indicative of shale
rerent: To rent something again, especially to a new tenant
squonk: To produce a raucous noise like a squawk or honk.
depone: To testify, especially in the form of a deposition.
depone: To take the deposition of; to depose.
depone: To lay, as a stake; to wager.
depone: To lay down; to place
capots: third-person singular simple present indicative of capot
ask in: To invite someone to enter one's house.
debags: third-person singular simple present indicative of debag
turbos: third-person singular simple present indicative of turbo
joshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of josh
upsize: To make larger or more numerous.
upsize: To become larger or more numerous; to change to something larger, such as a house.
eeling: present participle and gerund of eel
retore: simple past of retear
retorn: past participle of retear
retear: To tear again.
incent: To provide an incentive to (a person or organization).
incent: To provide an incentive for (something).
inited: simple past and past participle of init
fessed: simple past and past participle of fess
waller: Pronunciation spelling of wallow.
mammer: To hesitate.
mammer: To mumble or stammer from doubt or hesitation.
debulk: To remove part of (a malignant tumour).
offcut: To cut off.
resays: third-person singular simple present indicative of resay
rebear: To bear again.
resaid: simple past and past participle of resay
reflow: To flow back again; to flow once more.
reflow: To cause to flow again, to remelt.
reflow: To modify the layout of text around other objects in a document.
goober: To drool or dribble.
goober: To drip or slather; to apply a gooey substance to a surface.
chupse: To produce such a sound.
tieing: present participle and gerund of tie; obsolete spelling of tying
cofire: Alternative spelling of co-fire
apeing: present participle and gerund of ape
funked: simple past and past participle of funk
corded: simple past and past participle of cord
nacked: simple past and past participle of nack
reroof: To roof again; to tear off an old roof and replace with a new roof.
rekeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of rekey
refelt: To replace the felt on (a roof, etc.).
refelt: simple past and past participle of refeel
oopsie: Alternative spelling of oopsy
unblur: To remove blurring from (an image).
biggen: To make bigger
biggen: Pronunciation spelling of begin.
codded: simple past and past participle of cod
præfix: Obsolete form of prefix.
upwell: To rise from a lower source; to well up.
rehide: To hide again; to restore to its hiding place.
æquall: Obsolete spelling of equal
cogged: simple past and past participle of cog
demits: third-person singular simple present indicative of demit
defats: third-person singular simple present indicative of defat
raggle: To notch irregularly.
funned: simple past and past participle of fun
grides: third-person singular simple present indicative of gride
titred: simple past and past participle of titre
iotize: To precede a spoken vowel sound with a "y" sound, as the u in "pure" and "cute".
recoat: To coat again (as with paint).
grided: simple past and past participle of gride
claspt: simple past and past participle of clasp
kawing: present participle and gerund of kaw
botted: simple past and past participle of bot
yakked: simple past and past participle of yak
proove: Obsolete spelling of prove
proove: Misspelling of prove.
deinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deink
hiving: present participle and gerund of hive
marcot: To propagate by marcottage.
skelly: To squint.
stound: To hurt, pain, smart.
stound: To be in pain or sorrow, mourn.
stound: To long or pine after, desire.
stound: To stand still; stop.
stound: To stop to listen; pause.
memoed: simple past and past participle of memo
minxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of minx
mobles: third-person singular simple present indicative of moble
poting: present participle and gerund of pote
wotted: simple past and past participle of wot
sumacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sumac
reding: present participle and gerund of rede
dosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of doss
gherao: To surround for this purpose.
coedit: To edit together.
bollox: Alternative spelling of bollocks
falsen: To make false; falsify
falses: third-person singular simple present indicative of false
ragoût: Alternative spelling of ragout.
bemerd: To befoul with excrement.
bemerd: To tarnish or slander.
jarked: simple past and past participle of jark
bedwet: Alternative form of bed-wet
moiled: simple past and past participle of moil
dehort: To dissuade.
marver: To roll glass on a marver.
bagses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bags
bagsed: simple past and past participle of bags
unfang: To deprive of fangs.
unfang: To render harmless.
resewn: past participle of resew
rosing: present participle and gerund of rose
delimb: To cut the limbs from.
unlash: To unfasten.
tittup: To prance or frolic; of a horse, to canter easily.
regild: To gild again.
unbans: third-person singular simple present indicative of unban
rejets: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejet
reknit: To knit again.
unmoor: To unfix or unsecure (a moored boat).
unmoor: To set free or loose.
unmoor: To weigh anchor.
outfly: To fly better, faster, or further than.
hieing: present participle and gerund of hie
miaous: third-person singular simple present indicative of miaou
ham up: To make something more clichéd, or more cheesy.
dagged: simple past and past participle of dag
gatted: simple past and past participle of gat
bentsh: To recite the Birkat Hamazon.
justed: simple past and past participle of just
comped: simple past and past participle of comp
seises: third-person singular simple present indicative of seise
seised: simple past and past participle of seise
reflag: To change the flag on a vessel, etc.
reflag: To flag (mark with a variable) again or differently.
reorgs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reorg
uncoop: To release from a coop.
vivaed: simple past and past participle of viva
noodge: Alternative spelling of nudzh
tooken: past participle of take; nonstandard form of taken.
derain: Obsolete spelling of deraign
derain: To remove rain from an image.
maunch: To munch.
zedded: simple past and past participle of zed
unloop: To remove a loop from; to unfasten from a loop.
unmast: To remove the mast.
arcked: simple past and past participle of arc
retard: To keep delaying; to continue to hinder; to prevent from progressing.
retard: To put off; to postpone.
retard: To be slow or dilatory to perform (something).
retard: To decelerate; to slow down.
retard: To stay back.
skying: present participle and gerund of sky
scunge: To mark with scunge; to begrime or besmirch.
scunge: To slink about; to sneak, to insinuate.
scunge: To scrounge; to borrow.
misfed: simple past and past participle of misfeed
missaw: simple past of missee
kayoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kayo
missee: To see incorrectly; to misperceive visually; take a wrong view of; see in a false or distorted light.
missee: To take a wrong, false, or distorted view; fail to see accurately.
winges: third-person singular simple present indicative of winge
oncome: To arrive; come to; come on.
meaned: simple past and past participle of mean
mirved: simple past and past participle of mirv
snerks: third-person singular simple present indicative of snerk
weewee: Alternative spelling of wee-wee
peg it: To run away; to leg it; to scarper.
peg it: To die.
'phone: Dated form of phone.
inerts: third-person singular simple present indicative of inert
ice up: To become covered or clogged with ice.
ice up: To coat with ice; to cause to become covered or clogged with ice.
ice up: To put ice in or on something, especially a beverage or on an injured body part.
zizzed: simple past and past participle of zizz
zanies: third-person singular simple present indicative of zany
zeriba: To erect or take refuge within a zeriba.
expede: To hasten or expedite
forsay: to forbid; to renounce
forsay: to deny, gainsay
forsay: to forsake
forlet: To abandon; give up; leave; leave behind; forsake; desert; neglect.
forlet: To forget.
devvel: To hit (something) hard.
devvel: To stun (someone) by hitting.
whelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of whelm
romage: Obsolete spelling of rummage
begird: To bind with a band or girdle; to gird.
begird: To encircle, surround, as with a gird; enclose; encompass.
clunch: To grasp firmly; clench.
dehire: To terminate the employment of.
dehire: To terminate use under a lease of.
relock: To lock again.
rub in: To apply by rubbing.
rub in: Of butter, to mix in by rubbing.
rub in: To make a point in an irritatingly emphatic manner.
meemaw: To mouth words so that they can be heard over noise (or later so that they cannot be overheard), originally in the cotton industry of Lancashire.
womble: Alternative spelling of wamble
wamble: To feel nauseous, to churn (of stomach).
wamble: To twist and turn; to wriggle; to roll over.
wamble: To wobble, to totter, to waver; to walk with an unsteady gait.
reclad: To clad again.
reclad: To fit with new cladding.
ANDing: present participle and gerund of AND
gunged: simple past and past participle of gunge
gunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of gunge
uncook: To undo the act of cooking.
uncook: To repair (an MP3 audio file) that has been damaged ("cooked") by being converted through a text format and having line breaks applied to it.
scerne: To discern.
typoed: simple past and past participle of typo
typo'd: simple past and past participle of typo
unflag: To remove a flag from.
embrue: Alternative form of imbrue
ensile: To preserve (forage) in a silo.
unblue: To cease being blue.
unblue: To cause (something) to cease being blue; to make (something) not blue.
shtups: third-person singular simple present indicative of shtup
adjute: To add.
munges: third-person singular simple present indicative of munge
foredo: Alternative spelling of fordo
recoin: To coin (money, or an expression) again.
jizzed: simple past and past participle of jizz
jizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jizz
indued: simple past and past participle of indue
indues: third-person singular simple present indicative of indue
chaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chaff
jobing: present participle and gerund of jobe
jodels: third-person singular simple present indicative of jodel
babify: To encourage another to behave like a baby; to infantilize.
faying: present participle and gerund of fay
fugles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fugle
noping: present participle and gerund of nope
dossed: simple past and past participle of doss
cleped: simple past of clepe
clepes: third-person singular simple present indicative of clepe
rehats: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehat
viding: present participle and gerund of vide¹
putzed: simple past and past participle of putz
detort: to turn from the original or plain meaning
detort: to pervert
detort: to wrest
flehms: third-person singular simple present indicative of flehm
Muffin: Alternative letter-case form of MUFFIN
revend: Synonym of resell: to sell again.
revend: Synonym of return: to sell back to the original vendor.
blevey: To explode as the result of a BLEVE
binate: To perform bination; to hold Mass twice on the same day.
rebled: simple past and past participle of rebleed
wittle: Misspelling of whittle.
hurkle: to draw in the parts of the body, especially with pain or cold
hurkle: to cower
hurkle: to contract, to pull in
affile: To polish.
encage: To lock inside a cage; to imprison.
piaffe: To strut pretentiously, to parade about.
piaffe: To trot a horse with a high, slow, step, lifting the feet but without moving forward significantly.
piaffe: To ride a horse in this way.
awreak: To avenge, take vengeance on.
defoul: To trample underfoot.
defoul: To physically crush or break.
defoul: To oppress, keep down.
defoul: To defile the chastity of; to debauch, to rape.
collab: To collaborate.
marrie: Alternative spelling of marry
maiest: Obsolete form of mayst.
entame: To make tame, subdue, conquer, subjugate, enslave.
aborne: past participle of abear
renies: third-person singular simple present indicative of reny
recule: To recoil or retreat; to draw back.
resave: to save again.
behote: Obsolete form of behight.
deskew: To rotate a scanned image to compensate for skewing.
recool: To cool again after being heated.
beleft: simple past and past participle of beleave
upvote: To vote for, increasing a cumulative tally of popularity.
mossed: simple past and past participle of moss
æquals: third-person singular simple present indicative of æqual
glutch: To swallow.
drites: third-person singular simple present indicative of drite
æsteem: Archaic spelling of esteem.
beares: third-person singular simple present indicative of beare
untuck: To remove something from a relatively hidden location or position where it is tucked.
untuck: To remove that which is concealing one’s penis and testicles such as gaff or adhesive tape.
ellipt: To omit (from an utterance) by ellipsis.
aslake: To abate; diminish.
aslake: To moderate; mitigate; appease; satisfy.
mitose: To undergo mitosis.
lie by: To have sex with.
lie by: To rest from labour; to take a break.
inhære: Obsolete spelling of inhere
cromed: simple past and past participle of crome
cromes: third-person singular simple present indicative of crome
regens: third-person singular simple present indicative of regen
forhew: To cut to pieces.
amated: simple past and past participle of amate
uptalk: To speak with a rising intonation at the end of a sentence, as if it were a question; to upspeak.
boobed: simple past and past participle of boob
hoking: present participle and gerund of hoke
beeing: present participle and gerund of bee
destem: To remove the stem from (grapes, tobacco, etc.).
rewalk: To walk again, specifically to walk where one has already walked.
raught: simple past and past participle of reach
raught: simple past and past participle of reck
dinted: simple past and past participle of dint
snilch: To eye or look or spy at any thing attentively.
drawed: simple past and past participle of draw
foller: Pronunciation spelling of follow.
fergit: Pronunciation spelling of forget.
drownd: To drown.
drownd: Archaic spelling of drowned.
selfie: to take a selfie
e-mail: Alternative spelling of email
doated: simple past and past participle of doat
wanter: Pronunciation spelling of want to.
sluffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sluff
heered: heard; simple past and past participle of hear
forgit: Pronunciation spelling of forget.
grimed: simple past and past participle of grime
loaden: To charge or burden with a load; to burden or freight
loaden: To load a gun or pistol
loaden: past participle of load
flitch: To cut into, or off in, flitches or strips.
skeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of skeer
jeeing: present participle and gerund of jee
ushing: present participle and gerund of ush
replan: To plan again; to make a different plan.
lippen: To entrust; trust to (someone/something).
lippen: To trust; to expect; to depend or rely (on).
noyade: To murder by drowning, especially during the French Reign of Terror.
hurple: To shrug up the neck and creep along the streets with a shivering sensation of cold, as an ill-clad person may do on a winter's morning.
wawled: simple past and past participle of wawl
kaping: present participle and gerund of kape
gangst: second-person singular simple present indicative of gang
kegels: third-person singular simple present indicative of kegel
'ganst: Abbreviation of beganst.
thring: To thrust; crowd; press; squeeze.
thring: To push; to force one's way.
scarps: third-person singular simple present indicative of scarp
kriges: third-person singular simple present indicative of krige
mistag: To tag incorrectly; to mislabel.
enring: To encircle.
enring: To surround.
perses: third-person singular simple present indicative of perse
dither: To tremble, shake, or shiver with cold.
dither: To be uncertain or unable to make a decision about doing something.
dither: To do something nervously.
dither: To render an approximation of (an image or graphic) by using dot patterns to simulate the appearance of colors or shades not in the system palette.
dither: To intentionally add noise to a signal to randomize errors.
grimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of grime
takken: past participle of tak
glozed: simple past and past participle of gloze
toated: simple past and past participle of toat
forted: simple past and past participle of fort
spiled: simple past and past participle of spile
firtle: To mess around, to waste time.
unhold: To unhand, release from one's grasp, let go of.
unhold: To remove from a "hold" or "on hold" state.
sexify: To sexualize.
respec: To reallocate the distribution of skill points on a character's skill tree, changing their specialization.
becare: To care about; care for; provide or administer care to; take care of.
trapes: Alternative spelling of traipse in reduced usage since about WWI
unmute: To restore the sound output (on a speaker or other audio device), having previously muted it.
rekick: To kick for a second time (such as a ball, in sports).
rarify: Alternative spelling of rarefy
LARPed: simple past and past participle of LARP — live-action role-played
mismap: To map incorrectly.
detins: third-person singular simple present indicative of detin
unpots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpot
englue: To join or close fast together, as if with glue.
bewent: simple past and past participle of bewend
bewent: simple past of bego
bename: To swear on oath; to solemnly declare; promise; give.
bename: To name; give a name (to); mention by name; nominate; denominate; call.
bename: To name; call; style; describe as.
yoyoed: simple past and past participle of yoyo
wheeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheek
godded: simple past and past participle of god
pal up: To become friends.
pal up: To form an alliance.
pal up: To form a small group.
booses: third-person singular simple present indicative of boose
apport: To cause an apport on an object, to make a thing appear from nowhere.
recind: Misspelling of rescind.
adlibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of adlib
unhair: To remove hair from (something), especially from hide.
unhair: To become free from hair.
aksing: present participle and gerund of aks
rip up: To destroy by ripping.
rip up: To move quickly or violently upon.
miscut: To cut incorrectly.
SPADed: simple past and past participle of SPAD
quayed: simple past and past participle of quay
seeked: simple past and past participle of seek
seeked: simple past and past participle of seek
youngs: third-person singular simple present indicative of young
deseed: To remove seed or seeds from.
resods: third-person singular simple present indicative of resod
daylit: simple past and past participle of daylight
engirt: To girt; to surround or encircle.
engirt: past participle of engird
wimped: simple past and past participle of wimp
catsit: To babysit for (take care of) a cat.
petsit: To babysit for (take care of) a pet.
dogsit: To babysit for (take care of) a dog.
yeelde: Archaic spelling of yield.
chirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirr
amanse: To excommunicate; interdict.
amanse: To ban; curse; accurse.
tawked: simple past and past participle of tawk
oozin': Pronunciation spelling of oozing.
box in: To enclose by drawing a box around.
box in: To trap or immobilize something, usually a vehicle, by placing obstacles, usually other vehicles, around it to obstruct its free movement.
box in: To limit someone's freedom of thought, movement, expression, etc.
eatin': Pronunciation spelling of eating.
ailin': Pronunciation spelling of ailing.
aimin': Pronunciation spelling of aiming.
fixin': Pronunciation spelling of fixing.
reblog: To blog something previously posted on another blog, in particular to share a post on a microblogging platform.
piking: present participle and gerund of pike
detext: To extract or remove from a text
runned: simple past and past participle of run
shaled: simple past and past participle of shale
hasted: simple past and past participle of haste
hastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of haste
romant: To romanticize.
lushed: simple past and past participle of lush
knowen: past participle of know
luting: present participle and gerund of lute
yomped: simple past and past participle of yomp
awroth: Alternative spelling of awrath
awrath: Anger; enrage.
pinken: To become pink.
pinken: To make pink.
pinken: To blush.
bummle: To blunder.
nidify: To make a nest.
enfame: to make famous
enures: third-person singular simple present indicative of enure
rebags: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebag
expugn: To take by storm; capture.
honnor: Obsolete form of honor.
deflex: To bend down.
whoomp: To produce a dull, powerful thudding sound.
bed in: To allow or help to settle in; to make (someone) feel at home.
uptilt: To tilt upward.
uptilt: To cause to tilt upward.
souped: simple past and past participle of soup
endcap: To add an endcap
endcap: To modify a reactive end of a polymer, typically by adding a trimethylsilyl group to a hydroxyl
seein': Pronunciation spelling of seeing.
fakin': Pronunciation spelling of faking.
skibob: To take part in the sport of skibobbing.
suages: third-person singular simple present indicative of suage
reteed: simple past and past participle of retee
retees: third-person singular simple present indicative of retee
unlive: To bereave or deprive of life; make unalive.
unlive: To undo having lived (a period of time) (for example, by living it in reverse), so that it ceases to have happened.
desats: third-person singular simple present indicative of desat
rewrap: To wrap again.
bemean: To mean; signify; inform.
bemean: To make mean or base, demean.
naping: present participle and gerund of nape
wabble: Alternative spelling of wobble.
unrope: To remove the rope or ropes from.
enwomb: To place or cause to be contained in the womb; to make pregnant; to conceive.
enwomb: To enclose.
plutos: third-person singular simple present indicative of pluto
choake: Obsolete spelling of choke
screak: shriek; screech
troble: Obsolete spelling of trouble
betime: To occur; betide.
mopied: simple past and past participle of mopy
sattle: Alternative form of settle, especially in the senses of "silence; become or make calm or orderly; adjust differences or accounts; settle down".
unarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unarm
unshoe: to remove a shoe (especially a horseshoe) from.
unlove: To lose one's love (for someone or something).
rerigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerig
inhold: To contain, hold in.
inhold: To possess inherently, contain in oneself.
begaud: To make gaudy.
belaud: To load with praise; praise greatly; extol.
refuck: To fuck again; to have sex with again.
unfuck: To correct or fix (a mistake or problem).
unfuck: To undo the act of copulation with (a person) or its consequences.
rethaw: To thaw again after freezing or having been frozen.
rid up: to empty, clear out
peaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of peace
vibing: present participle and gerund of vibe
brooke: Obsolete spelling of brook
brooke: Obsolete spelling of broke
tedded: simple past and past participle of ted
arm up: to supply, or be supplied with, arms (weapons)
bar up: to fit (e.g. a window or door) with bars
effray: To frighten, startle.
bet up: To make one's bet
box up: To pack into boxes.
box up: To confine.
box up: To shuffle (dice) so that the gamblers can choose from among them.
ranken: To make or become rank
threpe: Alternative form of threap
unpark: to remove (a car or other vehicle) from a parked position
unpark: to remove a car or other vehicle from a parked position
unpark: To release from the fixed position adopted when not in use.
eloign: To remove (something) to a distance.
eloign: To remove (oneself); to retire, move away (from).
threap: To contradict.
threap: To denounce.
threap: To cry out; complain; contend.
threap: To argue; bicker; scold; rebuke
threap: To affirm; to express with conviction.
threap: To cozen or cheat.
threap: To maintain obstinately against denial or contradiction; to insist (on).
warray: To wage war against.
nursle: To nurture, train, raise (a person).
recure: To cure, heal.
recure: To restore (something) to a good condition.
recure: To recover, regain (something that had been lost).
recure: To arrive at; to reach; to attain.
belive: To remain, stay.
entred: simple past and past participle of enter
entred: simple past and past participle of entre
repour: To pour again.
ingulf: Archaic form of engulf.
sullow: To sully.
wapper: To exhaust; to tire out.
wapper: To move weakly or tremulously; to flag.
linned: simple past and past participle of lin
churrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of churr
troats: third-person singular simple present indicative of troat
vexeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vex
vexest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vex
kisted: simple past and past participle of kist
uncunt: To remove one's penis from a vagina.
decunt: To remove one's penis from a vagina; to pull out.
vrooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of vroom
leming: present participle and gerund of leme
badest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bid
brails: third-person singular simple present indicative of brail
codges: third-person singular simple present indicative of codge
codged: simple past and past participle of codge
disple: To discipline; to subject to discipline or punishment, especially for religious purposes.
unfool: To restore from folly, or from being a fool.
upties: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptie
uptied: simple past and past participle of uptie
ybound: past participle of bind
englut: To swallow; to swallow up, engulf.
englut: To glut, satiate.
begave: simple past of begive
sterve: Obsolete form of starve.
behang: To hang round or about, as ornament or embellishment; suspend; drape.
mltply: Abbreviation of multiply.
blinkt: simple past and past participle of blink
wasten: To make or become waste (i.e. barren, dejected, dismal, feeble, or sickly) or wasted
upbray: To upbraid.
tocher: To supply with a dowry.
wunner: Pronunciation spelling of wonder.
zouked: simple past and past participle of zouk
offski: to leave, depart, set off
stinkt: simple past and past participle of stink
areach: To reach for, get at, obtain, get hold of.
berisp: To censure; reprove.
bewake: To watch; keep watch over; guard.
bewake: To awaken thoroughly; keep awake.
bewake: To spend waking; watch through.
bewake: To keep awake; watch.
bewake: To watch over (a body); observe funeral rites for.
betrap: To catch in a trap; entrap; ensnare; enclose.
betrap: To furnish (a horse) with trappings; deck; adorn.
checkt: simple past and past participle of check
intrap: Archaic spelling of entrap.
stampt: simple past and past participle of stamp
hindre: Archaic form of hinder.
pilger: To reduce the diameter of a metal tube in a pilger mill
bemind: To endow with a mind.
bestem: To stem completely; stem all about; hinder.
belove: simple past of belive
belove: To please.
belove: To be pleased with; like.
belove: To love.
betone: To endow with a tone; give a special tone to; place stress upon; accentuate; emphasise.
crasht: simple past and past participle of crash
spoked: simple past and past participle of spoke
pukin': Pronunciation spelling of puking.
hopin': Pronunciation spelling of hoping.
lazin': Pronunciation spelling of lazing.
makin': Pronunciation spelling of making.
takin': Pronunciation spelling of taking.
scruze: To squeeze.
unhele: To uncover, to reveal.
wish'd: simple past and past participle of wish
askin': Pronunciation spelling of asking.
layin': Pronunciation spelling of laying.
mark'd: simple past and past participle of mark
slaine: simple past and past participle of slay
falsed: simple past and past participle of false
warn'd: simple past and past participle of warn
play'd: simple past and past participle of played
know'd: simple past and past participle of know
fear'd: simple past and past participle of fear
cryin': Pronunciation spelling of crying.
show'd: simple past and past participle of show
plac'd: simple past and past participle of place
form'd: simple past and past participle of form
join'd: simple past and past participle of join
rammel: To turn to rubbish.
minify: To make smaller.
minify: To reduce in apparent size, as for example objects viewed through a lens or mirror shaped so as to increase the field of view, such as a convex or aspheric mirror or a Fresnel lens.
minify: To remove white space and unnecessary characters from a web page's source code in order to reduce its size and improve download time.
astart: To cause to start; startle; start up; jump.
astart: To start up.
astart: To get away, escape; escape from.
astart: To be escaped from.
let be: To not disturb or meddle with; to leave (someone or something) alone (see let it be).
let be: To stop, to stop doing something; to leave off (now used alone, formerly also + infinitive).
let be: Used to assign a value to a symbol.
roll'd: simple past and past participle of roll
gain'd: simple past and past participle of gain
kiss'd: simple past and past participle of kiss
hang'd: simple past and past participle of hang
turn'd: simple past and past participle of turn
prinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prink
getten: past participle of get
yslain: past participle of slay
quight: Obsolete form of quit.
Yahoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of Yahoo
overgo: To cross, go over (a barrier etc.); to surmount.
overgo: To pass (a figurative barrier); to transgress.
overgo: To pass by, pass away; often, to go unnoticed.
overgo: To spread across (something); to overrun.
overgo: To go over, move over the top of, travel across the surface of; to traverse, travel through.
overgo: To go beyond; to exceed, surpass.
overgo: To get the better of; to overcome, overpower.
overgo: To overtake, go faster than.
overgo: To cover.
spight: Obsolete spelling of spite
rip on: To mock; to ridicule.
bedare: To defy.
masing: present participle and gerund of mase
ratest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rate
needst: second-person singular simple present indicative of need
charks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chark
dognap: To abduct or steal a dog, especially in order to sell it.
envyed: Obsolete spelling of envied; simple past and past participle of envy
aplyed: Obsolete spelling of applied
upstay: To sustain, support.
enroot: To take root.
enroot: To fix by the root; to implant firmly.
cæment: Archaic spelling of cement.
sposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spose
stryve: Obsolete spelling of strive
sposed: simple past and past participle of spose
stiddy: Pronunciation spelling of steady.
uncape: To drive (a fox) from its earth.
uncape: To remove a cape (garment) from.
lexing: present participle and gerund of lex
armest: second-person singular simple present indicative of arm
armeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of arm
raxing: present participle and gerund of rax
yauped: simple past and past participle of yaup
dehull: To remove the hull (covering of a seed or fruit) from.
connex: To connect; to fasten together.
connex: To connect; to become joined or united.
911ing: present participle and gerund of 911
speels: third-person singular simple present indicative of speel
ratten: To sabotage machinery or tools as part of an industrial dispute, particularly the tools of a workman who went against the union.
pass'd: simple past and past participle of pass
forc'd: simple past and past participle of force
lean'd: simple past and past participle of lean
call'd: simple past and past participle of call
kill'd: simple past and past participle of kill
seem'd: simple past and past participle of seem
sayin': Pronunciation spelling of saying.
undams: third-person singular simple present indicative of undam
zotted: simple past and past participle of zot
incarn: To heal; to cover with flesh or to become covered with flesh.
incarn: To become flesh, to incarnate.
look'd: simple past and past participle of look
tryin': Pronunciation spelling of trying.
havin': Pronunciation spelling of having.
readen: past participle of read
endest: second-person singular simple present indicative of end
berede: To advise.
miskey: To key or key in erroneously; make a mistake in typing.
washen: alternative past participle of wash.
inlead: To lead into; conduct.
inlead: To lead from within.
buller: To boil or seethe.
buller: To make a lot of noise.
buller: To force one's way; to be pushy.
PMSing: present participle and gerund of PMS
caping: present participle and gerund of cape
burked: simple past and past participle of burke
engird: To gird around; to ingirt.
spange: To beg, particularly using the phrase “spare change?”
oil up: to lubricate with oil, to cover or smear with oil
oldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of olden
cameth: alternative third-person singular past of come
outled: simple past and past participle of outlead
yolden: past participle of yield
heweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hew
mixeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mix
risest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rise
tarten: To make tart or bitter
tarten: To become tart or bitter
laught: simple past and past participle of laugh
laught: simple past and past participle of latch
bestar: To sprinkle with, or as with, stars; to adorn or decorate with, or as with, stars.
cropen: past participle of creep
snudge: To lie snug or quiet.
snudge: To save in a miserly manner; to hoard.
eat in: To eat a meal at home.
eat in: To eat a purchased meal on the premises where one bought it, rather than taking it away.
eat in: To etch or erode a substance. (of acid)
prelit: simple past and past participle of prelight
unwove: simple past of unweave
nouned: simple past and past participle of noun
got on: simple past of get on
got on: past participle of get on
got to: simple past of get to
got to: past participle of get to
got to: Alternative form of have got to (“have to; must”)
hadnae: Alternative spelling of hadna
kvells: third-person singular simple present indicative of kvell
cutted: simple past and past participle of cut
sended: simple past and past participle of send; Synonym of sent
beated: simple past and past participle of beat
drived: simple past and past participle of drive
falled: simple past and past participle of fall
feeled: simple past and past participle of feel
arised: simple past and past participle of arise
lended: simple past and past participle of lend
holded: simple past and past participle of hold
dealed: simple past and past participle of deal
meeted: simple past and past participle of meet
feeded: simple past and past participle of feed
sinked: simple past and past participle of sink
selled: simple past and past participle of sell
bidded: simple past and past participle of bid
resift: To sift again.
fisked: simple past and past participle of fisk
quired: simple past and past participle of quire
dought: alternative past of dow
ungags: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungag
updrew: simple past of updraw
delint: To remove lint from.
glouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of glout
tsking: present participle and gerund of tsk
tsktsk: To make a tsktsk sound of disapproval.
vatted: simple past and past participle of vat
uptore: simple past of uptear
uptorn: past participle of uptear
uptear: To tear up (wrench from the ground).
restir: To stir again.
dewire: for the pantograph or trolley pole, etc to become unintentionally detached from or entangled with the overhead lines such that the power to the vehicle is lost.
dewire: To remove wires from something; to dismantle a system of overhead lines.
fugued: simple past and past participle of fugue
hotted: simple past and past participle of hot
finick: To display extreme daintiness or refinement.
finick: To trifle.
largen: To enlarge.
x-rays: third-person singular simple present indicative of x-ray
upzone: To rezone for more intensive use.
replug: To plug again or anew.
new up: To create (an object) by calling its constructor.
betell: To speak or tell about; declare; narrate; describe.
betell: To speak for; answer for; justify.
betell: To lay claim to; win; rescue.
betell: To talk about negatively; slander; calumniate; deride; deceive.
unbred: simple past and past participle of unbreed
defalk: To reduce by deducting a part, especially when used in a financial sense.
defalk: To cut off, to deduct, to subtract (especially expenses or a sum of money).
globed: simple past and past participle of globe
sushis: third-person singular simple present indicative of sushi
returf: To lay turf again
unhasp: To unfasten
unhang: To take down something (such as a picture) from a hanging position
unhang: Hypothetically, to undo the execution of (a person) by hanging.
umming: present participle and gerund of um
sacced: simple past and past participle of sac
relook: To look again.
delens: To remove lensing effects from CMB maps
teaing: present participle and gerund of tea
soloes: third-person singular simple present indicative of solo
indure: Obsolete spelling of endure
perves: third-person singular simple present indicative of perv
intice: Archaic spelling of entice.
relyed: simple past and past participle of rely; archaic spelling of relied.
mopies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mopy
yoiked: simple past and past participle of yoik
locute: To speak; to say; to utter.
locute: To utter a meaningful sentence; to perform a locutionary act.
uprush: To rush upward.
humify: To convert into humus.
sloosh: To flow with a rush.
sloosh: To rinse or wash with a flow of water.
spirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of spirt
dinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of dinge
adject: To annex
pooter: To capture (insects) with a pooter.
pooter: To move about aimlessly; to potter around.
misaim: To aim incorrectly.
recork: To replace a cork in (a bottle).
snozen: alternative past participle of sneeze.
outvie: To outdo a competitor or rival.
demast: To remove the mast from (a sailing ship) for storage.
demast: To break the mast of (a sailing ship) in an accident.
unfits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfit
thoght: simple past and past participle of think
daunce: Obsolete form of dance.
upgrew: simple past of upgrow
unkink: To remove the kinks from.
unking: To remove (a king) from power.
unking: To deprive (a king) of his royal qualities.
unking: To remove (something) from a position of power or paramount importance.
drawen: past participle of drawe
grozed: simple past and past participle of groze
grozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of groze
coowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of coown
ochred: simple past and past participle of ochre
impark: To enclose or confine in, or as if in, a park.
impark: To enclose or fence in (land) to make a park.
dooked: simple past and past participle of dook
BBQing: present participle and gerund of BBQ
truing: present participle and gerund of true
fliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fly
cubbed: simple past and past participle of cub
dain't: didn't
ragest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rage
spunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of spunk
reskin: To replace or repair the skin of a motor vehicle, aircraft, etc., especially so as to market the same car under different brands
reskin: To change the skin, or visual appearance, of an application.
rebite: To freshen worn lines in (an etched plate) by subjecting it to acid again.
reheel: To fit (a shoe, stocking, etc.) with a replacement heel.
obvert: To turn so as to show another side.
obvert: To turn towards the front.
obvert: To infer by obversion.
uphaul: To haul upwards.
degust: To taste carefully to fully appreciate something; to savour
minish: To lessen or cause to seem to be less.
bedash: To dash against.
bedash: To bespatter with liquid or powder.
bedash: To ruin or obliterate.
equipt: Archaic spelling of equipped.
frains: third-person singular simple present indicative of frain
lammed: simple past and past participle of lam
hummel: Of an animal: to remove the horns; to poll.
hummel: To separate (barley, oats, etc.) from the awns.
bliven: past participle of blive
deblur: To remove blurring from an image (and make it sharper)
unjinx: To remove a jinx or curse from.
hobday: To operate on the larynx of a horse in order to improve its breathing
shited: simple past and past participle of shite
dister: To banish or drive from a country.
relink: To link again or anew.
flited: simple past and past participle of flite
flites: third-person singular simple present indicative of flite
berays: third-person singular simple present indicative of beray
whangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whang
burred: simple past and past participle of burr
prebuy: To buy in advance.
bigged: simple past and past participle of big
te-hee: To titter, snicker
unshot: To remove the shot from (a gun); to unload.
camoed: simple past and past participle of camo
mummed: simple past and past participle of mum
mummed: simple past and past participle of mumm
rouped: simple past and past participle of roup
admove: To move or conduct to or toward.
emoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of emove
varder: Alternative spelling of vada (“to see”)
emulge: To milk out; to drain.
suades: third-person singular simple present indicative of suade
devove: To devote.
ca'n't: Obsolete spelling of can't
dedent: To outdent; to remove an indent from.
dedent: To remove a dent or dents from.
premit: To premise.
diduce: Obsolete spelling of deduce
obduce: To draw over, as a covering.
ladyfy: To make ladylike.
ladyfy: To bestow the title of Lady on (a woman).
unjoin: To separate or detach (things that were joined).
unjoin: To cease to be a member of; to leave.
lumine: To illumine.
mustre: Obsolete form of muster.
pretan: To tan lightly or partially, in preparation for full tanning.
recans: third-person singular simple present indicative of recan
forlay: To lay aside.
forlay: To lie in wait for; ambush.
forlie: To lie with.
forlie: To overlay (a child).
chavel: To chew.
spreds: third-person singular simple present indicative of spred
birled: simple past and past participle of birl
troaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of troak
mazing: present participle and gerund of maze
entise: Obsolete spelling of entice
benets: third-person singular simple present indicative of benet
Thaify: To make Thai in outlook, attitude, form
Thaify: To become Thai
ozones: third-person singular simple present indicative of ozone
ravins: third-person singular simple present indicative of ravin
appuis: third-person singular simple present indicative of appui
enlive: To enliven.
enlock: To lock up.
enlock: To enclose.
inlive: Alternative spelling of enlive
inlock: To lock in.
inlock: To enclose.
larfed: simple past and past participle of larf
forbar: To bar in; to shut up.
forbar: To bar, fend off, ward off.
forbar: To exclude, deny.
forbuy: To buy off; ransom; redeem (from sin, hell, etc.).
forbuy: To stone for; gain over; bribe.
forcut: To cut into; cut through; cut completely; cut in pieces; cut up; injure by cutting.
forbod: obsolete simple past of forbid.
thrung: simple past of thring
thrung: past participle of thring
thrang: To throng.
thrang: simple past of thring
retags: third-person singular simple present indicative of retag
glacés: third-person singular simple present indicative of glacé
fleech: To wheedle; coax; cajole; induce with fair words; flatter.
fleech: To use cajoling or flattering words; speak insincerely.
yodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of yodle
gaston: To hold using such a grip
skitch: To hitch a ride by holding on to a motor vehicle while riding on a skateboard, roller skates, or bicycle.
comin': Pronunciation spelling of coming.
'umble: Pronunciation spelling of humble.
iggied: simple past and past participle of iggy
iggies: third-person singular simple present indicative of iggy
retrig: To retrigger (a note, or a sample within it).
winned: simple past and past participle of win
bields: third-person singular simple present indicative of bield
inrage: Obsolete spelling of enrage
fog up: To coat, or become coated, with condensation. To steam up.
motate: To run at very high speed, sprint.
reddit: Alternative form of Reddit
tobeat: To beat excessively.
withgo: To go against; oppose; transgress.
withgo: To forgo; give up; pass up; forfeit.
todash: To strike violently; dash to pieces.
todraw: To pull apart, dismember; draw asunder.
todraw: To drag violently.
tolash: To scourge severely.
decons: third-person singular simple present indicative of decon
torend: To tear apart, rend to pieces; tear up.
torive: To rive in pieces; rend.
torfel: To fall; decine; pass away; die.
clasht: simple past and past participle of clash
beller: Alternative form of bellow
pupped: simple past and past participle of pup
rogued: simple past and past participle of rogue
resync: to resynchronize
sliven: past participle of slive
wrixle: To exchange.
wrixle: To alter, as one's mind or mental faculties; effect a change in.
wrixle: To exchange opinions; speak one's mind; share thoughts; communicate.
wrixle: To envelop, wrap; confuse; confound.
callet: To rail or scold.
growes: third-person singular simple present indicative of growe
growne: past participle of growe
outbuy: To spend more money than (someone) buying goods.
outbuy: To outbid (someone) for something.
outbuy: To reach a better purchase bargain than (someone).
evulse: To pull out forcibly.
buy up: To buy the whole of; to purchase the entire stock of something.
buy up: To buy whatever is available of something.
buy up: To buy off; to pay in blackmail money or similar.
dug up: simple past and past participle of dig up
costen: To try; tempt.
zerged: simple past and past participle of zerg
restem: To force back against the current.
restem: To stem, or move against.
daddle: To walk unsteadily; totter; dawdle
daddle: To diddle (cheat)
unkill: To bring (something killed) back to life.
fidged: simple past and past participle of fidge
fidges: third-person singular simple present indicative of fidge
flumed: simple past and past participle of flume
latens: third-person singular simple present indicative of laten
blicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of blick
juicen: To make or become juiced or juicy.
cratch: To scratch.
umbego: To go around.
umbego: To go about; encompass; encircle; surround.
unwild: To make something not wild; to tame, civilize.
noosed: simple past and past participle of noose
mutine: To rise up in revolt; to mutiny, to rebel.
browze: Alternative spelling of browse
pineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pine
pinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pine
Snopes: Alternative form of snopes
snopes: To check (information) on the Web site snopes.com for accuracy.
forban: To exile; banish.
towind: To whirl around; revolve.
towind: To go to pieces.
toswap: To smite heavily.
totear: To tear apart; tear to pieces or shreds; rend.
totear: To break.
totear: To disturb violently; agitate.
do off: To take off (clothing).
do off: To kill, to bump off
win up: To get back on one's feet.
had it: simple past and past participle of have it
had it: misconstruction of have had it
has it: third-person singular simple present indicative of have it
unshut: To open (a door, window etc.).
unhill: To uncover, reveal.
uncock: To straighten or flatten (remove a cocked shape).
uncock: To let down the cock of (a firearm).
uncock: To open or spread from a cock or heap, as hay.
upcome: To ascend, rise; grow up; come up.
skelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of skelp
beclip: To fold in the arms; embrace; clasp.
beclip: To wrap around; enclose; encircle; surround.
beclip: To include; comprise; comprehend; contain.
beclip: To lay hold of; seize upon; grip; catch; overtake.
beclip: To curdle (milk).
beclip: To clip around or about (the edges of); crop.
dureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dure
excide: To cut off.
begown: to gown, dress in a gown
becurl: To cover or deck out with curls.
becurl: To curl; make curly.
bedamn: To damn or curse roundly or with iteration and emphasis; damn all over.
becall: To accuse.
becall: To call upon; call forth; challenge.
becall: To call; summon.
becall: To call names; insult.
founde: Obsolete spelling of found; simple past and past participle of find
beinge: Obsolete spelling of being; present participle of be
cleane: Obsolete spelling of clean
reigle: To regulate; to govern.
befile: To make filthy; befoul; soil.
beflea: To pester, as fleas do.
inwone: To dwell in; inhabit; hold.
inwrap: Alternative form of enwrap
inwork: To work in or into.
inwork: To work or operate within.
crusht: simple past and past participle of crush
refect: To refresh; restore after hunger or fatigue.
jog on: To continue with one's pursuit
hidate: To divide (a region, such as a shire or hundred) into hides.
hidate: To assess the geld of (a place, such as a manor or borough) in terms of hides.
enzone: To girdle or encircle.
reheal: To heal again.
foined: simple past and past participle of foin
telled: simple past and past participle of tell
luging: present participle and gerund of luge
yukked: simple past and past participle of yuk
inwrit: alternative past participle of inwrite
ingrow: To grow in; grow inwardly.
ingrow: To become ingrown.
froust: Alternative spelling of frowst
unrate: To remove the rating from something.
insume: To take in; to absorb.
quetch: Alternative form of quitch
benote: To annotate or make notes upon, especially excessively.
evomit: To vomit.
tee up: To place a golf ball on a tee
tee up: To pass the ball to someone, facilitating a shot.
tee up: To place the ball on a tee, ready for kickoff.
tee up: To give a coach or player a technical foul.
tee up: To prepare; to make ready
squink: To scrunch up, squinch (one's face, nose, etc).
undraw: To draw aside or open; to pull back a layer of fabric, e.g. a curtain.
undraw: To clear or erase part of a drawing.
fordry: To dry up; become dry.
fordry: To dry up; make dry.
popple: Of water, to move in a choppy, bubbling, or tossing manner.
popple: To move quickly up and down; to bob up and down, like a cork on rough water.
unstar: To remove a star from.
unstar: To demote a question from an oral one to a written one (because oral questions are conventionally marked with a star on the Order of Business in the House of Commons).
bedrop: To cover with drops; to splash or spatter.
addest: second-person singular simple present indicative of add
offcap: To take off the cap by way of obeisance or salutation.
rerape: To rape again.
pincht: Obsolete spelling of pinched; simple past and past participle of pinch
dehook: To remove a hook or hooks from.
imbrew: Obsolete form of imbrue.
rat on: To tattle, squeal about (someone)
forirk: To irk; weary.
forirk: To become weary.
plieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ply
pliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ply
fortax: To tax heavily; burden.
vurped: simple past and past participle of vurp
bepuff: To puff out.
bepuff: To puff; praise fulsomely; bepraise.
besoul: To imbue or endow with a soul.
behate: To hate; detest.
behell: To torture as with pains of hell; give hell (to).
begink: Alternative form of begunk
begunk: To befool; deceive; balk; jilt.
aemule: Obsolete form of emulate (“to emulate”).
bemask: To mask; cover or conceal with a mask; conceal.
bemaze: To bewilder.
bemete: To measure.
arsles: third-person singular simple present indicative of arsle
spalts: third-person singular simple present indicative of spalt
bemist: To cover or envelop with mist, or as with mist.
renest: To nest again or anew.
renest: To nest (code structures) again or differently.
fit up: Conspire to incriminate falsely a presumably innocent person.
fit up: To furnish with suitable things; to prepare; to fit out.
fit up: To create a set or performance venue; to make a venue ready for a performance.
unsnag: To remove a snag from.
unsnag: To release from a snag; unsnare; disentangle; disencumber
unbelt: To remove a belt
unbelt: to relax, unwind
FTPing: present participle and gerund of FTP
quasht: simple past and past participle of quash
3rding: present participle and gerund of 3rd
jocked: simple past and past participle of jock
bekiss: to kiss repeatedly; cover with kisses.
bekiss: to kiss intensely or excessively
bewrap: To wrap up or otherwise conceal; clothe; envelop.
yenned: simple past and past participle of yen
berain: To rain upon; wet with rain; moisten.
blecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleck
revets: third-person singular simple present indicative of revet
stanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stank
meeked: simple past and past participle of meek
bework: To work around or about; surround.
bework: To work, as with thread; embroider.
bework: To work over; rework; edit.
askant: Dated form of askance.
evited: simple past and past participle of evite
bewash: To wash all over; drench with water.
retime: To time again.
retime: To reschedule for another time.
retime: To change the timing or duration of.
refurl: To furl again or anew.
wheech: To move quickly.
outact: To act (play a role) better than.
unstep: To remove (the mast) from a sailing vessel.
belick: To lick or lick about.
folden: past participle of fold
fratch: To argue, to quarrel; to fight.
FOILed: simple past and past participle of FOIL
bebops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebop
everse: to overthrow, subvert
unrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrip
XXXing: present participle and gerund of XXX
frover: To comfort; solace.
sigh'd: simple past and past participle of sign
fail'd: simple past and past participle of fail
inable: To enable.
misbid: To injure; mistreat.
misbid: To insult; offend.
misbid: To make an incorrect offer or bid.
misbid: To bid incorrectly; bid higher or lower than actual.
regest: To throw back.
quisle: To collaborate with an (occupying) enemy power; be a quisling.
shebop: To masturbate.
maying: present participle and gerund of may
husher: Obsolete form of usher.
paceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pace
sarsed: simple past and past participle of sarse
sarses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sarse
balded: simple past and past participle of bald
belain: past participle of belie (“to lie around, surround, encompass”)
retoss: To toss again; to throw back.
setten: alternative past participle of set
sexted: simple past and past participle of sext
attask: To take to task; tax; reprove; blame.
atrede: To surpass or outdo in counsel.
atwite: To blame; reproach; twit.
bemock: To ridicule or mock.
bemock: To mock repeatedly; flout.
bemock: To cause to appear as if mock or unreal; excel or surpass, as the genuine surpasses the counterfeit.
bemock: To make up as something else, to make into an imitation or semblance
chafen: To make chafed
rinded: simple past and past participle of rind
respin: To spin again.
respin: To tell a story in a new way.
wuffle: To sniff or snort gently.
embusy: To employ; keep busy.
fraist: To try; test; prove; put to the proof; make trial (of).
fraist: To learn by trial; experience.
fraist: To seek to learn; ask; inquire.
fraist: To seek; be eager for; desire.
fraist: To go forth on an expedition; sally forth.
reache: Obsolete spelling of reach
incage: Alternative form of encage
heling: present participle and gerund of hele
rassle: Pronunciation spelling of wrestle.
belord: To apply the title Lord to.
belord: To address by the phrase "my lord".
belord: To domineer over; lord over.
belout: To call (someone) a lout.
belout: To address or speak of with contemptuous language.
belock: To lock up or lock in place; hold tight; fasten.
secern: To separate or set apart (someone or something from other persons or things).
secern: To separate (something from other things) in the mind; to discriminate, to distinguish.
secern: Synonym of secrete (“to extract or separate (a substance) from the blood, etc., for excretion or for the fulfilling of a physiological function”)
secern: Of a person or thing: to become separated from others.
secern: To secrete a substance.
bipack: To load two reels of film in this manner.
linish: To improve the flatness of a surface by means of grinding or belt-sanding techniques.
endite: Obsolete form of indite.
demoss: To remove moss from.
unbore: To relieve from boredom.
muxing: present participle and gerund of mux
beknit: To knit.
beknit: To girdle or encircle.
belead: To lead away.
belead: To lead; conduct.
repyne: Obsolete spelling of repine
beknow: To know about; have knowledge of; recognise; understand; be aware (of); be knowledgeable about.
beknow: To acknowledge; own; confess.
belime: To besmear or entangle with or as with bird-lime.
behorn: To put horns on; cuckold.
behung: simple past and past participle of behang
behowl: To howl at.
beshut: To shut in or inclose; shut up or confine.
bespot: To make spots on; mark with spots; cover with or as with blots or blemishes.
peised: simple past and past participle of peise
besour: To make sour.
besoil: To cover with or as with soil; stain; sully.
bespit: To spit upon (someone or something); to soil with spittle.
besmut: To blacken with smut; foul with soot.
nut up: To show courage and hide one's apprehension.
nut up: To lose one's temper, go nuts.
piecen: To join; piece (together); fay.
piecen: To extend by adding a part or parts.
piecen: To join broken threads or ends in spinning.
wanzed: simple past and past participle of wanze
meeped: simple past and past participle of meep
recalk: To calk again or anew.
redeck: To fit (a bridge) with new platforms.
uncalm: To disturb from a state of calm.
retube: To fit with a new tube or tubes.
reflip: To flip again.
hilite: Informal spelling of highlight.
inhoop: To confine or enclose as with a hoop or hoops; coop up.
inbind: To bind or hem in; enclose.
inbeat: To beat in.
uncast: To detach (a rope, line, etc.).
uncast: To bring back to a standing position (a horse or other large animal that is lying down with its legs under it).
uncast: To reverse the effects of (a magical spell).
uncast: To remove (an actor) from a role that was previously assigned to them.
inblow: To blow into; puff up; inflate.
inblow: To breathe into; inspire.
inblow: To blow in.
inburn: To burn in; burn or affect as to make a permanent or lasting impression or mark.
inburn: To burn within.
upseek: To seek or strain upward.
cocite: To cite along with another
upsend: To send, cast, or throw up; deliver; submit.
upsend: To ascend; climb up.
uproll: To roll up.
uphelm: To put the helm to windward.
squeed: simple past and past participle of squee
authed: simple past and past participle of auth
outwoo: To surpass in wooing.
upheap: To pile or heap up; accumulate.
uphurl: To hurl or cast up.
upleap: To leap up; spring up.
desoul: To strip of a soul.
resawn: past participle of resaw
resaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of resaw
farsee: To see at or from a distance.
farsee: To see by foresight; see clairvoyantly; view or sense telepathically.
insend: To send in.
betear: To tear; tear around the sides of; tatter.
betear: To wet with tears.
betine: To hedge about; enclose; shut up.
betine: To set fire to.
manace: Obsolete form of menace.
betail: To furnish with a tail.
betail: To take the tail off.
bestud: To set with or as with studs; adorn with bosses.
clayed: simple past and past participle of clay
betalk: To talk about; discuss; tell; count; give an account (of).
betalk: To talk repeatedly.
rescat: ransom; release
konked: simple past and past participle of konk
reluct: To be averse to.
excern: excrete; give off
cophin: Archaic spelling of coffin.
rooped: simple past and past participle of roop
segway: Alternative letter-case form of Segway
segway: Misspelling of segue.
unsell: To cause to appear less attractive to consumers or adherents.
pucked: simple past and past participle of puck
pubbed: simple past and past participle of pub
recock: To cock (a firearm) again.
instop: To stop; close; shut; make fast.
lotted: simple past and past participle of lot
rejail: To jail again.
regrip: To grip again.
incoop: To coop in; inclose.
vogued: simple past and past participle of vogue
siloed: simple past and past participle of silo
æquate: Obsolete spelling of equate
repped: simple past and past participle of rep
laughe: Archaic spelling of laugh.
-erize: To add r-coloring; to take on an r-colored vowel; to exhibit or undergo erhua.
wanded: simple past and past participle of wand
klined: simple past and past participle of kline
breede: Archaic spelling of breed.
firest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fire
inheld: simple past and past participle of inhold
resand: To sand (a surface) again.
thwonk: To strike, or cause to strike, with a thudding noise.
didder: To rattle or shiver.
humect: to wet; to moisten.
rehone: To hone again or anew.
doxing: present participle and gerund of dox
wanzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wanze
yarded: simple past and past participle of yard
unrars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrar
hmming: present participle and gerund of hmm
ysowen: past participle of sow
yfound: past participle of find
yholde: past participle of hold
ybrent: past participle of burn
ysonge: past participle of sing
yronne: past participle of run
yswore: past participle of swear
yloved: past participle of love.
yknown: past participle of know
yseene: past participle of see
yknowe: past participle of know
yplast: past participle of place
ywette: past participle of wet
zinked: simple past and past participle of zinc
webify: To convert (content or information) into a format capable of being displayed on the World Wide Web.
unbung: to remove a bung from.
dusked: simple past and past participle of dusk
dupped: simple past and past participle of dup
dunted: simple past and past participle of dunt
ybroke: past participle of break
ysayde: past participle of say
yodled: simple past and past participle of yodle
rathel: To fix; root.
abhour: Obsolete form of abhor.
undrew: simple past of undraw
upgave: simple past of upgive
upsway: To sway or swing up; brandish.
hoicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoick
quaved: simple past and past participle of quave
devize: Misspelling of devise.
devize: Obsolete form of devise.
besung: past participle of besing
besing: To sing of or sing about; celebrate in song or poetry; sing the praises of; praise; laud.
besing: To sing to.
reacht: simple past and past participle of reach
DMCAed: simple past and past participle of DMCA
yarred: simple past and past participle of yarr
outask: To ask or proclaim for the last time.
outask: To announce or publish the banns of marriage of (a couple) in church for the third time.
kerbed: simple past and past participle of kerb
affixt: simple past and past participle of affix
nimmed: past participle of nim
hewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hew
bedark: To darken.
snites: third-person singular simple present indicative of snite
enduer: Obsolete form of endure.
secuer: Obsolete form of secure.
beseek: To beseech; entreat.
beseen: past participle of besee.
forset: To get in front of; intercept; waylay; entrap.
forset: To upset; hinder.
forset: To beset; surround; invest; surround with difficulties; bar; impede.
forset: To overpower; give one too much of anything; surfeit.
forset: To overburden or overpower with work; overwork; overtax.
forsta: To comprehend; understand.
forhow: To despise; scorn.
forhow: To forsake; quit; abandon; desert.
forhow: To cast off; scorn.
forlat: To deal a blow; hit out.
insuck: To suck in; inhale; absorb; soak up.
sogged: simple past and past participle of sog
shaked: simple past and past participle of shake
dosado: To dance this step; to walk around (someone) using this dance step.
sincke: Obsolete spelling of sink
unwads: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwad
copsed: simple past and past participle of copse
outken: To surpass or exceed in knowledge.
dob in: To betray someone by informing on them.
misken: To mistake one for another; mistake in point of knowledge or recognition; misconceive.
misken: To fail to know; be ignorant or unaware of; appear to be ignorant of.
misken: To misunderstand; mistake; have the wrong idea of.
misken: To esteem oneself incorrectly; have a false or exaggerated opinion of oneself or one's position.
misken: To fail to recognise or identify.
misken: To refuse to acknowledge; disown; repudiate; pass over; ignore; disregard; neglect; overlook; disavow; disclaim; disown; deny.
misken: To fail to mention.
begeck: To deceive; disappoint; jilt.
befold: To fold up; fold around; wrap up; envelop.
befang: To lay hold on; seize; grasp; catch; clutch.
befang: To take hold on; begin or commence upon.
befang: To encompass; enclose; contain; comprehend.
replow: Alternative form of replough
befoam: To spatter or cover with foam.
beflee: To flee from; flee; avoid; shun.
beflay: To flay; strip; peel.
befind: To find; discover.
befind: To invent; contrive.
befind: To be found; be.
payeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pay
rebulb: To change the bulb in (a light fitting).
onsend: To send; send on; send out; forward; transmit.
dragge: Obsolete spelling of drag
onfall: To fall on or upon.
onfall: To assault, attack.
ayield: To yield up.
skronk: To produce a raw and discordant sound with electric guitars.
daiker: To deck out; to adorn.
ontake: To take on; undertake; assume.
ontake: To undertake a debt.
betold: simple past and past participle of betell
jooked: simple past and past participle of jook
riming: present participle and gerund of rime
deloft: To reduce the loft of a stroke with.
gum up: To become gooey or gummy.
gum up: To cause to be gooey or gummy, especially with the effect of obstructing the operation of some mechanism or process.
gum up: To make non-functional; to interfere with or put into a state of disorder; to ruin.
behelm: To cover; cover over.
behelm: To cover as with a helm or helmet.
watcht: simple past and past participle of watch
behear: To give ear to; hear (intently); attend (to); pay attention or give heed to; listen to.
sotted: simple past and past participle of sot
relead: To fit (a window) with new lead.
jigget: To gad; to move from one place to another in a (seemingly) flippant or idle manner.
deboss: To mark or decorate with an indented design or symbol.
smouch: Alternative form of smooch (“kiss”)
smouch: Alternative form of smutch (“to stain or smudge”)
smouch: To take dishonestly or unfairly, to steal from or cheat out of.
arizen: past participle of arize
arizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of arize
skeeve: To disgust or disturb.
skeeve: To be disgusted or disturbed by.
skeeve: To be or become disgusted.
ligged: simple past and past participle of lig
poyson: Obsolete spelling of poison
beblot: To blot all over; stain.
beblur: To blur all over.
squegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of squeg
rewins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewin
prevue: Alternative form of preview
raygne: Obsolete spelling of reign
raygne: Obsolete spelling of raign
stoupe: Obsolete form of stoop.
begyle: Obsolete spelling of beguile
blawgs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blawg
rimple: To wrinkle or crease.
pleace: Obsolete spelling of please
vommed: simple past and past participle of vom
unpens: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpen
unrein: To loosen the reins of.
unrein: To remove restraint from.
untags: third-person singular simple present indicative of untag
scened: simple past and past participle of scene
wisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of wiss
wissed: simple past and past participle of wiss
wissed: simple past and past participle of wisse
excoct: To extract a material by boiling.
unsews: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsew
uncase: To skin or flay.
uncase: To strip (someone); to undress.
uncase: To take out of a case or covering; to uncover.
uncase: To display, or spread to view, as a flag, or the colors of a military body.
umcast: To bind or wrap around.
bedirt: To cover or defile with dirt.
sprunt: To make quick or convulsive movements; to start, to jump.
sprunt: To make romantic advances to; to flirt.
evenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of evene
pin up: To put (e.g. a sheet of paper) on display, using a pin.
begays: third-person singular simple present indicative of begay
reched: simple past and past participle of reach; Alternative form of reached
bleeze: To blaze.
jibbed: simple past and past participle of jib
devide: Obsolete form of divide.
untell: To withdraw or retract (something told); to never have told.
untell: To undo or reverse the counting of; to count back.
unbias: To free (someone or something) from bias or prejudice.
rouzed: simple past and past participle of rouze
unvote: To reverse or annul by vote.
rouzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rouze
unwarm: To lose warmth; to grow cold.
unwork: To undo or destroy (work previously done).
dizzen: Alternative form of dizen
fracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of frack
hunged: simple past and past participle of hang
lay on: to provide (food or drinks) for free
lay on: To provide
lay on: To apply or implement (something).
lay on: To repeatedly say (particular types of thing)
lay on: To do something excessively.
lay on: To cover something with a layer of (something).
lay on: To give (money, drugs, etc.) to (someone).
lay on: To impart or explain (something) in words to (someone).
lay on: To attack or strike.
lay on: To give (something) as a gift, special treat or bonus.
lay on: To sail towards or to arrive at (a destination).
lay on: To vigorously row (an oar) to propel a boat or ship.
tabify: To reformat (text) by converting spaces into tab characters.
chings: third-person singular simple present indicative of ching
altred: simple past and past participle of altre
lurved: simple past and past participle of lurve
bog in: To start eating with gusto.
bog in: To tackle a task vigorously.
bog in: To halt the progress of.
bodder: Pronunciation spelling of bother.
trowed: simple past and past participle of trow
enserf: To make into a serf.
adlect: To choose or elect, especially to promote someone to higher office before they have served in a lower capacity.
betoss: To toss about.
v-tach: To undergo ventricular tachycardia.
womans: third-person singular simple present indicative of woman
roffle: To laugh uproariously; to be greatly amused.
betrow: To trust.
unhelm: To remove the helm from.
unhead: To remove the lid from (a barrel or cask).
unnail: To remove the nails from.
cartop: To attach (a boat) to the roof of an automobile for transportation.
untile: To remove the tiles from.
upboil: To boil upward.
offred: simple past and past participle of offre
kembed: simple past and past participle of kemb
bedhop: Alternative spelling of bed-hop
panick: Obsolete form of panic.
encite: Obsolete form of incite.
pugger: pucker
pestre: Obsolete form of pester.
scetch: Archaic form of sketch.
remble: To move in order to make tidy; to tidy or put away.
encise: Misspelling of incise.
entr'd: simple past and past participle of entre
unhats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhat
unbeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbed
unsuit: To fail to suit; to be unfit for.
untune: To cause (something) to be out of tune; to make incapable of harmony, or of harmonious action.
beclap: To grasp, insnare, ensnare, catch, to trap suddenly, to grab suddenly.
beclap: To clap for; to applaud.
profre: Obsolete form of profer.
abus'd: simple past and past participle of abuse
robb'd: simple past and past participle of rob
seal'd: simple past and past participle of seal
hop up: To make something, especially a machine, better (faster, bigger etc.); to soup up.
hop up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hop, up.
saught: To reconcile; become reconciled.
joyned: simple past and past participle of joyn
joyned: simple past and past participle of joyne
mimick: Alternative form of mimic
atwind: To escape.
beveil: To cover or furnish with a veil.
unbold: To change (text) from a bold typeface to a non-bolded typeface.
drawne: past participle of draw; Obsolete spelling of drawn
com'st: Obsolete form of comest.
sail'd: simple past and past participle of sail
hurl'd: simple past and past participle of hurl
begg'd: simple past and past participle of beg
rush'd: simple past and past participle of rush
smil'd: simple past and past participle of smile
losin': Pronunciation spelling of losing.
woking: present participle and gerund of wok
balter: To tumble; dance clumsily.
balter: To become tangled or matted.
balter: To tread down in a clumsy manner.
balter: To tangle; clot; mat (as in the hair).
varify: To make different; to vary or variegate
inamor: Archaic form of enamor.
imbase: Obsolete spelling of embase (“to lower”)
imband: To form into a band or bands
upwaft: To waft upward.
sub in: To replace something or take someone's place,
upsoar: To soar upward.
remast: To furnish with a new mast or set of masts.
upskip: To spring or skip up.
coggle: To move or walk unsteadily
noints: third-person singular simple present indicative of noint
jargle: To emit a harsh or discordant sound.
rodest: second-person singular simple past indicative of ride
outsat: simple past and past participle of outsit
outsit: To remain sitting, or in session, longer than, or beyond the time of; to outstay.
enlink: To chain together; to connect, as if by links.
outwon: simple past and past participle of outwin
outwin: To win a way out (of); to escape (from).
recase: To repair (a book) by replacing the case.
recase: To change (text) from upper case to lower case, or vice versa.
blusht: simple past and past participle of blush
frusht: simple past and past participle of frush
gnasht: simple past and past participle of gnash
brusht: simple past and past participle of brush
smasht: simple past and past participle of smash
flasht: simple past and past participle of flash
flusht: simple past and past participle of flush
slasht: simple past and past participle of slash
drinck: Obsolete form of drink.
abasht: simple past and past participle of abash
annext: simple past and past participle of annex
annext: simple past and past participle of annexe
munify: To prepare for defence; to fortify.
inwall: To shut in or enclose with walls.
puncht: simple past and past participle of punch
obey'd: simple past and past participle of obey
summ'd: simple past and past participle of sum
blockt: simple past and past participle of block
pitcht: simple past and past participle of pitch
unmews: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmew
engild: To gild; to make splendid.
embrew: Obsolete form of imbrue.
slaken: Obsolete spelling of slacken
janted: simple past and past participle of jant
relade: To lade or load again.
outbud: To sprout.
dreave: To drive; drive out; drive away; expel.
hitcht: simple past and past participle of hitch
undeck: To divest of ornaments.
disorb: To throw out of the proper orbit; to unsphere.
unprop: To remove a prop or props from; to deprive of support.
enform: To form; to fashion.
upstir: To disturb, cause a commotion, stir up.
retrim: To trim again.
ungear: To strip of gear; to unharness.
ungear: To throw out of gear.
unlaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlap
uncamp: To break up the camp of; to dislodge from camp.
uncamp: To pack up, and leave a camp
jouked: simple past and past participle of jouk
graspt: simple past and past participle of grasp
repace: To pace again; to walk over again in the opposite direction.
strapt: simple past and past participle of strap
jouled: simple past and past participle of joul
rosied: simple past and past participle of rosy
cluckt: simple past and past participle of cluck
woaded: simple past and past participle of woad
onlead: To lead on or forward.
snaste: To snuff a candle.
unhoop: To remove the hoops from.
embeam: To make brilliant with beams.
reurge: To urge again.
empair: Obsolete form of impair.
empair: To match, pair up, or combine.
belace: To fasten, as with a lace or cord.
belace: To cover or adorn with lace.
belace: To beat with a strap.
imboss: Archaic form of emboss.
imboss: Alternative spelling of emboss
uncowl: To divest or deprive of a cowl (monk's hood or hooded robe).
uncowl: To uncover; to unveil.
uncowl: To remove or pull back one's cowl.
uncowl: To remove the cowl (protective covering) from (an engine).
sithes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sithe
sithed: simple past and past participle of sithe
unform: To destroy the form of; to decompose, or resolve into parts; to unmake.
effume: To breathe or puff out.
uncart: To remove or unload from a cart.
unspin: To untwist (something spun).
undust: To remove dust from (something); to dust, dust off.
insues: third-person singular simple present indicative of insue
indews: third-person singular simple present indicative of indew
impeed: Obsolete form of impede.
sticke: Obsolete form of stick.
snithe: To cut; to make an incision; to cut off; to lance or amputate; to cut up; to cut so as to kill; to slay an animal; to hew; to cut stone; to cut hair; to cut corn; to reap; to mow.
snithe: Obsolete spelling of sny (abound, swarm, teem, be infested).
reëmit: Alternative form of reemit
chirpt: simple past and past participle of chirp
snying: present participle and gerund of sny
snying: present participle and gerund of snie
snying: present participle and gerund of snye
envoke: Alternative form of invoke
vaunce: To advance.
untomb: To take (something) from a tomb; to disinter, to exhume.
repled: simple past and past participle of replead
broids: third-person singular simple present indicative of broid
unline: To take the lining out of.
unhive: To drive or remove (bees) from a hive.
unhive: To deprive (a crowd, etc.) of habitation or shelter.
unpray: To annul or revoke (something previously prayed for) by prayer.
entwin: To separate; divide.
enveil: Alternative form of inveil
ungown: To strip of a gown; to unfrock.
inturn: To turn in or inward.
bemoil: To soil or dirty
inwood: To hide in the woods.
debted: simple past and past participle of debt
unwarp: To restore from a warped state.
unbank: To remove a bank from; to open by, or as if by, the removal of a bank.
unbank: To make (a fire) burn up by raking off the ashes from the top, opening draughts, etc.
brusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of brust
unbark: To deprive of the bark.
unbark: To cause to disembark; to land.
wroken: past participle of wreak
outbeg: To surpass in begging.
uncoif: To deprive of the coif or cap.
uncord: To release from cords; to unbind.
fuffed: simple past and past participle of fuff
unlute: To separate, as things cemented or luted; to take the lute or clay from.
mounch: Obsolete form of munch.
unedge: To deprive of an edge; to blunt.
leasow: To feed or pasture
enlard: To cover or dress with lard or grease.
inknot: To fasten or bind, as with a knot; to knot together.
faddle: To fiddle (play aimlessly).
faddle: To dote on.
empose: Alternative form of impose
thinck: Obsolete form of think.
havest: Obsolete form of hast.
loamed: simple past and past participle of loam
ungird: To loosen the girdle or band of.
ungird: To unbind or unload.
betrim: To trim (“decorate”); to adorn, deck, or embellish.
weives: third-person singular simple present indicative of weive
weived: simple past and past participle of weive
admier: Eye dialect spelling of admire.
simber: Obsolete form of simmer.
praize: Eye dialect spelling of praise.
desier: Eye dialect spelling of desire.
decard: To discard.
relick: To lick again.
bedrug: To drug abundantly or excessively.
elongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of elong
unsoul: To deprive of soul, spirit, or principle.
detusk: To remove the tusks from (an elephant, a boar, etc.).
deline: To delineate or mark out.
unpope: To divest of the character, office, or authority of a pope.
unpope: To deprive of a pope.
unoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of unoil
imbody: Archaic form of embody.
relove: To love in return.
marcht: simple past and past participle of march
matcht: simple past and past participle of match
shockt: simple past and past participle of shock
cruize: Obsolete form of cruise.
onhold: To hold on (to).
onhold: To hold on.
weyved: simple past and past participle of weyve
weyves: third-person singular simple present indicative of weyve
scould: Obsolete form of scold.
whirry: To convey swiftly.
whirry: To hurry; to go swiftly.
swypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swype
mocque: Obsolete form of mock.
remord: To feel remorse.
remord: To excite to remorse; to rebuke.
wrawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrawl
hamble: To mutilate; hamstring; cut away.
hamble: To cut out the balls of the feet of (dogs) so as to render them unfit for hunting.
hamble: To walk lame; limp.
reland: To land again.
reland: To return to shore after having embarked.
unbone: To deprive of bones, as meat; to bone.
unbone: To twist about, as if boneless.
unwill: To annul or reverse by an act of the will.
disked: simple past and past participle of disk
vamose: Alternative form of vamoose
keckle: To wind rope or chains around (a cable etc.) to protect its surface from friction, abrasion, or ice.
ungave: simple past of ungive
ungive: To yield; relax; slacken; give way; loosen.
ungive: To melt; thaw.
ungive: To take back something that had been given.
immask: To cover, as with a mask; to disguise or conceal.
flowen: past participle of flow
teazel: Dated form of teasel.
rangle: To range about in an irregular manner.
belirt: To deceive; beguile.
belirt: To cheat; befool.
dodded: simple past and past participle of dod
enmist: To enfold, as if in mist.
indear: Archaic form of endear.
affuse: To pour out or upon.
ovated: simple past and past participle of ovate
dreins: third-person singular simple present indicative of drein
undull: To remove the dullness of; clear.
hatcht: simple past and past participle of hatch
unduke: To deprive of dukedom.
reseek: To seek again.
misgot: simple past of misget
misget: To get wrongly or unlawfully; to procure by unlawful means.
intomb: Archaic form of entomb.
bejape: To play a trick on; trick or befool.
behope: To hope.
bedole: To stupefy with pain or grief.
bedaff: To befool; make a fool of.
bedaff: To confound or stupefy.
bedone: past participle of bedo.
bedrip: To drip about or all over; drip onto (something).
rizzar: To dry in the sun.
visard: To mask.
labell: Misspelling of label.
resums: third-person singular simple present indicative of resum
belimb: To cut off a limb or limbs; dismember; mutilate; disfigure.
ennews: third-person singular simple present indicative of ennew
bespew: To soil or daub with spew; vomit on; foul with vomit.
inisle: Obsolete form of enisle.
bedraw: To draw aside or away.
bedraw: To draw away; seduce; deceive.
imbalm: Archaic form of embalm.
endict: Archaic form of indict.
illure: To deceive; to entice; to lure.
untent: To bring out of a tent.
fineer: Alternative form of veneer
fineer: To acquire goods fraudulently by having them specially made so as to be unsuitable for other customers, and then threatening not to take them except on credit.
untank: To remove the tank from.
reloan: To loan again.
folwed: simple past and past participle of folwe
beduck: To duck or immerse thoroughly; submerge.
bestep: To step on; step over, tread upon.
bestep: To step; take steps; walk.
unface: To remove the face or cover from; to unmask or expose.
solate: To undergo solation.
unfile: To remove from a file or record.
glucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gluck
orning: present participle and gerund of orn
embowl: To form like a bowl; to give a globular shape to.
hoiden: To romp rudely or indecently.
dehusk: To remove the husk from (a coconut or cereal grain).
bentch: Alternative form of bentsh
indows: third-person singular simple present indicative of indow
hagged: simple past and past participle of hag
unlord: To deprive of the rank or position of a lord.
ruttle: To gurgle; to rattle when breathing.
nigged: simple past and past participle of nig
imboil: Obsolete form of emboil.
bejade: To tire.
basify: To make more basic (less acidic)
deturb: To throw down.
glumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of glump
imbank: Archaic form of embank.
remail: To mail again.
unturn: To turn in a reverse way, especially so as to open something.
rejolt: To jolt or shake again.
newing: present participle and gerund of new
essoin: To excuse for failure to appear in court.
obdure: To harden.
efform: To form; to shape.
surfel: To wash with a cosmetic water, said by some to be prepared from sulphur.
unspar: To take the spars, stakes, or bars from.
endome: To cover with, or as if with, a dome.
indart: To pierce, as if with a dart.
furdle: To draw up into a bundle; to roll up.
begore: To besmear with gore.
shrowd: Alternative form of shrood
werned: simple past and past participle of wern
holloa: Alternative form of hollo
sipple: To take frequent sips; tipple.
ticced: simple past and past participle of tic
aumail: To enamel.
aumail: To figure or variegate.
squail: To throw weighted sticks at small animals.
squail: To throw anything about awkwardly or irregularly.
rerail: To replace on the rails.
rerail: To renew the rails in a railway line.
shou'd: Obsolete form of should.
danc't: simple past and past participle of dance
plac't: simple past and past participle of place
grac't: simple past and past participle of grace
forc't: simple past and past participle of force
imbarn: To store in a barn.
teagle: To hoist or raise by means of a teagle.
imbays: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbay
rewets: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewet
inhive: To place in a hive; to hive.
outtop: To overtop.
unnest: To eject from a nest.
unnest: To separate objects that have been nested or placed one inside the other.
outsaw: simple past of outsee
outsee: To see beyond; to surpass in foresight.
indebt: To bring into debt; to place under obligation.
outbar: To bar out.
encowl: To clothe (as) in a cowl; to make (someone) a monk.
walter: To roll or wallow; to welter.
gleens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gleen
immute: To change or alter.
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decide; determine (a matter disputed or doubtful).
decern: with simple object
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decide; determine (a matter disputed or doubtful).
decern: with infinitive or object clause
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decide; determine (a matter disputed or doubtful).
decern: intransitive
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decree by judicial sentence. Now a technical term of Scottish judicature; the use of the word decerns being necessary to constitute a decree.
decern: with simple object
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decree by judicial sentence. Now a technical term of Scottish judicature; the use of the word decerns being necessary to constitute a decree.
decern: Decree by judicial sentence that something be done.
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decree by judicial sentence. Now a technical term of Scottish judicature; the use of the word decerns being necessary to constitute a decree.
decern: Decree a person etc. to be or to do something by judicial sentence.  (in the phrase “to decern in”, obsolete) To mulct in by decree of court.
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decree by judicial sentence. Now a technical term of Scottish judicature; the use of the word decerns being necessary to constitute a decree.
decern: intransitive
decern: Decide; determine; decree.
decern: Decree by judicial sentence. Now a technical term of Scottish judicature; the use of the word decerns being necessary to constitute a decree.
decern: transferred sense
decern: Discern.
decern: Distinguish or separate by their differences (things that differ, one thing from another).
decern: Discern.
decern: Distinguish or separate by their differences (things that differ, one thing from another).
decern: Distinguish; discriminate between.
decern: Discern.
decern: See distinctly (with the eyes or the mind); distinguish (an object or fact); discern.
outbow: To surpass in bowing.
obduct: To draw over; to cover.
imagin: Obsolete form of imagine.
permix: To mix; to mingle.
detags: third-person singular simple present indicative of detag
gurged: simple past and past participle of gurge
whoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoot
gryded: simple past and past participle of gryde
grydes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gryde
disman: To deprive of men.
disman: To castrate or emasculate; to remove the manhood of.
disman: To deprive of human character.
renvoy: To send back.
arrect: To direct.
arrect: To impute.
embows: third-person singular simple present indicative of embow
whurry: To whisk along quickly; to hurry.
klines: third-person singular simple present indicative of kline
cheven: To do the work of a chevener, embroidering hosiery.
decerp: To pluck off; to crop; to gather.
monish: To admonish; to warn.
casked: simple past and past participle of cask
rebats: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebat
vegges: third-person singular simple present indicative of veg
vegged: simple past and past participle of veg
begift: To entrust; endow.
begift: To give a gift or gifts to; bestow or present with gifts.
begift: To give as a gift.
agrace: Alternative form of aggrace
rewoke: simple past of rewake
rewake: To wake again.
impens: third-person singular simple present indicative of impen
obsign: To seal; to confirm, as by a seal or stamp.
dreuls: third-person singular simple present indicative of dreul
unstow: To unload (stowed cargo) from a ship, etc.
enlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlay
enlaid: simple past and past participle of enlay
bonify: To convert into, or make, good.
dawted: simple past and past participle of dawt
incyst: Archaic form of encyst.
prearm: To forearm.
inroll: Obsolete form of enroll.
injoin: Obsolete form of enjoin.
imbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbar
swanny: Alternative form of swan (“declare, swear”)
growse: To shiver; to have chills.
unbays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbay
bedyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedye
pingle: To eat with a feeble appetite.
pingle: To dawdle.
reasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reask
bedyed: simple past and past participle of bedye
impave: To pave.
faffle: To stammer or murmur.
faffle: to flap, like a flag
bedung: To cover with dung or manure.
bedung: To bedaub or defile.
fuzzle: To make drunk or confused.
unclew: To unwind, unfold, or untie.
unclew: To undo; to ruin.
unbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbow
unpays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpay
imbark: Archaic form of embark.
daggle: To run, go, or trail oneself through water, mud, or slush; to draggle.
daggle: To trail, so as to wet or befoul; to make wet and limp; to moisten.
swangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of swang
beshit: To soil with excrement; shit all over.
begold: To cover with or as with gold.
begold: To make like gold; golden.
droven: past participle of drive
enrace: To enroot; to implant.
skrimp: Alternative form of scrimp
impoor: To impoverish.
seceed: Misspelling of secede.
prevet: To vet or check in advance.
denize: To make a denizen; to confer the rights of citizenship upon; to naturalize.
scrage: To scrape or graze (typically one's knee).
escarp: To make into, or furnish with, a steep slope, like that of a scarp.
enwind: To wind about (something); to encircle.
anoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of anoil
incend: To inflame; to excite.
sivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of siver
gingle: Obsolete form of jingle.
inlard: Archaic form of enlard.
outray: To spread out in array.
outray: To outshine.
pudder: To perplex; to embarrass; to confuse; to bother.
pudder: To make a tumult or bustle; to splash; to make a pother or fuss.
unplat: To take out the folds or twists of (something previously platted); to unfold; to unwreathe.
tottle: To walk in a wavering, unsteady manner.
tottle: To add up; to sum to a total.
meawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of meawl
forray: Obsolete form of foray.
volows: third-person singular simple present indicative of volow
glours: third-person singular simple present indicative of glour
obtend: To oppose; to hold out in opposition.
obtend: To offer as the reason for something; to pretend.
unsins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsin
catsat: simple past and past participle of catsit
enbibe: Alternative form of imbibe
creese: Archaic form of kris.
golded: simple past and past participle of gold
OCRing: present participle and gerund of OCR
imbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbow
sleyed: simple past and past participle of sley
nosels: third-person singular simple present indicative of nosel
planch: To make or cover with planks or boards.
impalm: To grasp or hold in the hand.
twanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of twank
debarb: To remove a barb or barbs from.
enrank: To place in ranks or in order.
enrank: To classify (someone in a particular group); to enroll, register.
appair: To make worse; to injure or damage.
appair: To become impaired; to grow worse.
bemeet: To meet with.
dudder: To confuse or confound with noise.
dudder: To shiver or tremble; to dodder.
bemark: To mark with the sign of the cross; mark oneself.
bemark: To mark or cover with marks; mark up.
bemaul: To maul thoroughly or completely.
trouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of troul
ostend: To exhibit or show
haunce: To enhance.
uncity: To deprive of the rank or rights of a city.
trowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of trowl
huzzed: simple past and past participle of huzz
huzzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of huzz
maudle: To throw into confusion or disorder.
maudle: To render maudlin.
maudle: To act in an excessively sentimental way.
meeten: To make or become meet or fit; make suitable; adapt; prepare.
enarch: To arch.
enarch: Alternative form of inarch (“to graft without separating from the roots”)
beclog: To encumber with a sticky substance; clog.
emball: To encircle or embrace.
beclaw: To scratch or tear all over with claws or nails.
bebump: To bump thoroughly; belabour.
bebury: To entomb; inter; bury.
beclam: To beclog with anything clammy or sticky.
becast: To cover or surround by casting (something) about.
becast: To cast about; plan; plot; contrive.
unfret: To smooth after being fretted.
empugn: Obsolete form of impugn.
bebark: To bark about; bark around; bark at.
wouled: simple past and past participle of woul
tag on: To hover an RFID device such as a smartcard over a receiver, often with a graphical user interface, in order to make a payment or gain access to the vehicle.
betall: To pay; count out money.
traunt: Obsolete form of trant.
proked: simple past and past participle of proke
prokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of proke
searce: To sift (through a sieve); to bolt.
unbear: To remove or loose the bearing rein of (a horse).
odized: simple past and past participle of odize
odizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of odize
dumple: To make dumpy; to fold, or bend, as one part over another.
frecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of freck
besort: To suit; fit; become.
nubble: To beat or bruise with the fist.
do out: to decorate, tidy or clean
impest: To afflict with pestilence.
do for: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see do, for.
do for: To doom; to bring about the demise of someone.
do for: To prosecute someone for a criminal offence.
do for: To work as a domestic servant for.
inculk: To inculcate.
laveer: To beat against the wind; to tack.
infang: To draw or take in.
infang: To cheat; gull; take in.
infang: To seize; get into one's clutches.
be mum: Alternative form of be mother
bezzle: To plunder; to lay waste to, in riot.
bezzle: To drink to excess; to revel.
bezzle: To squander.
wirble: To whirl; to eddy.
entoil: To capture with toils or nets; to ensnare.
enmews: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmew
emmews: third-person singular simple present indicative of emmew
unteam: To unyoke a team from.
unclue: To unwind; to untangle.
unclue: To decipher; to untangle (e.g. a mystery)
belked: simple past and past participle of belk
engore: To gore; to pierce; to lacerate.
engore: To make bloody.
infilm: To cover with a film; to coat thinly.
inlist: Archaic form of enlist.
plauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of plaud
preact: To act or perform beforehand
inrail: To enclose or surround with rails.
nustle: To take care of fondly; to cherish; to nurse.
nustle: To settle oneself comfortably and snugly.
insoul: To set a soul in; reflexively, to fix one's strongest affections on.
igging: present participle and gerund of ig
igging: present participle and gerund of igg
infile: Obsolete spelling of enfile
lifens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lifen
invect: To import or introduce.
invect: To subject to invective; to censure or rail against.
decurt: To cut short; to curtail.
fracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fract
adhort: To exhort; to advise.
extirp: To extirpate (something).
emboil: To boil with anger; to effervesce.
emboil: To cause to boil with anger; to irritate; to chafe.
enoded: simple past and past participle of enode
belute: To bespatter, as with mud.
entune: To tune.
entune: To intone.
emoved: simple past and past participle of emove
emmove: To move; to rouse or excite.
thrist: Obsolete form of thirst.
stroys: third-person singular simple present indicative of stroy
dartle: To pierce or shoot through; to dart repeatedly.
worrit: To worry; to be anxious.
worrit: To worry (someone); to cause to be anxious.
enfire: To set on fire.
unseel: To open, as the eyes of a hawk that have been seeled.
unseel: To give light to; to enlighten.
meawed: simple past and past participle of meaw
sleave: To separate, as threads; to divide, as a collection of threads.
snaped: simple past and past participle of snape
enmure: Obsolete form of immure.
intort: To twist in and out; to twine; to wreathe, wind, or wring.
intort: To twist inwards.
hawmed: simple past and past participle of hawm
omnify: To render universal; to enlarge.
scerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of scern
embush: To place or hide in a thicket; to ambush.
affrap: To strike; to strike down.
begild: To gild; to cover with gold.
defail: To cause to fail.
finify: To make fine; to dress finically.
grutch: To murmur, complain.
grutch: To grudge.
coaked: simple past and past participle of coak
intune: To intone.
enhort: To encourage.
dempne: To damn; to condemn.
devast: To devastate.
enseel: To close the eyes of; to seel (a hawk).
lay in: To put (something) aside for future use.
lay in: To add (something) to a painting, especially directly onto the blank canvas in the early stages of the work.
begnaw: To gnaw; to eat away at.
steved: simple past and past participle of steve
steves: third-person singular simple present indicative of steve
gayned: simple past and past participle of gayne
gaynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gayne
deturn: To turn away; to divert.
aggest: To heap up.
surbed: To set (a stone) edgewise, in a position different from that which it had in the quarry.
haffle: To stammer; to speak unintelligibly; to prevaricate.
unbits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbit
lenify: To assuage or mitigate; to soften.
missay: To speak ill of (someone).
missay: To say something erroneous; to speak wrongly.
'sdain: Alternative form of sdeign
devest: To divest; to undress.
devest: To take away, as an authority, title, etc., to deprive; to alienate, as an estate.
devest: To be taken away, lost, or alienated, as a title or an estate.
elance: To throw like a lance; to hurl.
debosh: Obsolete form of debauch.
recumb: To lean; to recline; to repose.
strowl: Obsolete form of stroll.
nuddle: To walk quickly with the head bent forward.
shmear: Alternative form of schmear
sejoin: To separate.
mourne: Obsolete spelling of mourn
greeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of greed
deball: To remove balls (literally or figuratively) or to emasculate.
effund: To pour out.
enlimn: To adorn (a book, manuscript, etc.) by illuminating or ornamenting with coloured and decorated letters and figures.
dusken: To make dusky or obscure.
dusken: To grow or become dusky.
scises: third-person singular simple present indicative of scise
scised: simple past and past participle of scise
scoats: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoat
unbody: To leave the body; to be disembodied.
unbody: To free from the body; to disembody.
withed: simple past and past participle of withe
devows: third-person singular simple present indicative of devow
ownest: second-person singular simple present indicative of own
owneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of own
stroam: To wander about idly and vacantly.
stroam: To take long strides in walking.
swyped: simple past and past participle of swype
exsert: To thrust out; to cause to protrude.
prease: Obsolete form of press.
prease: Obsolete form of praise.
ladify: To make a lady of; to make ladylike.
avoked: simple past and past participle of avoke
avokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of avoke
osmote: To move by osmosis.
thurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of thurl
intail: Archaic form of entail.
unmark: To remove marks from.
twight: To twitch; to cause to twitch; to touch.
adward: Obsolete form of award.
empawn: Archaic form of impawn.
choaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of choak
griced: simple past and past participle of grice
touzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of touze
touzed: simple past and past participle of touze
grices: third-person singular simple present indicative of grice
flidge: Obsolete spelling of fledge
exolve: To loose.
exolve: To pay.
exolve: Alternative spelling of exsolve
allect: To allure; to entice; to sway.
allect: To attract; to draw to oneself.
inflex: To bend; to cause to become curved; to make crooked; to deflect.
cotise: Alternative form of cottise
crames: third-person singular simple present indicative of crame
enwall: Alternative form of inwall
zooted: simple past and past participle of zoot
outcut: To cut out.
outcut: To surpass or exceed in cutting; cut more than or cut superior to.
tillow: Alternative form of tiller
tillow: To spread; branch out; send forth shoots.
pheese: Alternative form of feeze
inlace: To work in, as lace; to embellish with work resembling lace.
inlace: To enlace.
graith: To make ready; prepare; put in order; make fit for use.
graith: To dress (someone or oneself) or be dressed.
applot: To divide into plots or parts; to apportion.
tozing: present participle and gerund of toze
movest: second-person singular simple present indicative of move
huxter: Dated form of huckster.
ensafe: To make safe; to secure.
rugine: To scrape or rasp (a bone etc.); to scale.
sdeign: To disdain.
dousts: third-person singular simple present indicative of doust
esloin: To remove; to banish; to withdraw.
embase: To lower physically.
embase: To bring down or lower in position, status, etc.; to degrade, humiliate.
embase: To lower the value of (a coin, commodity etc.); to debase (a coin) with alloy.
sprant: simple past of sprint
astand: To arise; rise up.
astand: To come to a standstill; stop; arrive.
astand: To remain standing; continue; abide; persist; onstand.
astand: To withstand; atstand.
tremps: third-person singular simple present indicative of tremp
thrack: To load or burden.
famble: To stammer.
hailse: To greet; to salute
subaid: To aid secretly; to assist in a private manner, or indirectly.
sculps: third-person singular simple present indicative of sculp
battel: To make fertile.
battel: To supply with provisions from the buttery.
battel: To stand indebted in the college-books for provisions and drink from the buttery.
battel: To waste, especially time.
battel: To nullify.
retund: To blunt; to turn, as an edge.
retund: To cause to be obtuse or dull.
voudou: Alternative form of voodoo
rehost: To host again or anew.
revied: simple past and past participle of revie
revies: third-person singular simple present indicative of revie
atsake: To deny.
atsake: To deny; abjure; renounce.
cherup: Archaic form of chirrup.
atstut: To remain; to stay.
atslip: To slip away.
enmove: Alternative form of emmove
atride: To ride away; escape (by riding).
atrine: To touch.
atrine: To touch; concern; befall.
atrout: To rush away; escape.
atroke: To fail; give out; become faint.
atrist: To trust.
monest: To warn; to admonish; to advise.
squawl: Alternative form of squall
T-stop: To perform a T-stop.
remort: To start over or reincarnate as a beginner-level character (while keeping former classes, experience points, acquired skills, and items).
strout: To cause to project or swell out; to enlarge affectedly; to strut.
strout: Alternative form of strut (“to swell; protuberate; bulge or spread out”)
ycomen: Alternative form of comen
deflow: To flow down.
incask: To cover with a casque or as with a casque.
ensear: To sear; to dry up.
glaums: third-person singular simple present indicative of glaum
plyght: Obsolete form of plight.
empark: Obsolete form of impark.
engyve: To put in gyves or shackles.
dewret: To subject to the process of dewretting.
courbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of courb
shmoke: Pronunciation spelling of smoke.
borned: born
untyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unty
untyed: simple past and past participle of unty
wrappe: Obsolete spelling of wrap
wreake: Obsolete spelling of wreak
beslap: To slap around or about; slap all over; slap soundly or completely.
besnew: Alternative form of besnow
bestay: To secure or steady; cause to come to a fixed position or state; bring to a halt or stop.
caried: simple past and past participle of cary
caried: Obsolete form of carried.
cheare: Obsolete spelling of cheer
emmure: Archaic form of immure (“to wall up”).
begods: third-person singular simple present indicative of begod
bowned: simple past and past participle of bowne
crackt: simple past and past participle of crack
retrap: To trap again.
untrap: To free from a trap; to release.
untrap: To remove a trap from, so as to make safe.
droyle: Obsolete form of droil.
teathe: Alternative form of tath
beroll: To roll about; roll around; roll over.
berine: To touch.
berine: To fall upon; fall.
beride: To ride around; beset with horsemen.
beride: To ride beside or by the side of.
beride: To ride upon; infest.
chirms: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirm
intube: Synonym of intubate
beword: To happen; come to pass.
beyelp: To boast about or glory in, especially in a loud manner.
rezzed: simple past and past participle of rez
domify: To divide (the heavens) into different astrological houses.
domify: To tame; to domesticate.
rezzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rez
prieve: To prove.
resing: present participle and gerund of res
resing: To sing again.
reroot: To root again, or in a new place in a better way.
peract: To go through with; to perform.
invile: To render vile.
bewell: To well up.
bewave: To shield; hide.
bewave: To lay wait for; overpower by means of some base stratagem.
bewave: To blow or toss about; blow, waft, or sweep away.
bewave: To wander or waver.
bewill: To will (to); bequeath by a will or testament.
bewill: To cause to go astray.
clooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloom
besend: To send over or across; send to; send a message to.
behelp: To help (with); give aid or assistance to.
berend: To rend or tear severely; tear badly; rip all over.
reëdit: Alternative spelling of re-edit
crudle: Alternative form of cruddle
cranch: Alternative form of craunch
paumed: simple past and past participle of paum
inglut: To glut.
bedeal: To deprive (of).
bedeem: To condemn.
bedeem: To determine or decide the fate of; doom (one) to; sentence; forebode; foretell.
MSTing: present participle and gerund of MST
shnorr: Alternative spelling of shnor
uncurb: to remove restrictions from, to render free from restraints
hizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hizz
hizzed: simple past and past participle of hizz
begowk: To play a trick on, make a fool of.
henned: simple past and past participle of hen
souces: third-person singular simple present indicative of souce
souced: simple past and past participle of souce
excerp: To pick out.
tip up: To tilt something upward in order to discharge its contents.
hiddle: To hide; conceal.
hiddle: To nestle closely; take shelter.
hiddle: To shelter (in one's arms).
decock: To uncock; to let down the cock of (a firearm).
hurred: simple past and past participle of hurr
nither: Alternative form of nether
reysed: simple past and past participle of reyse
reyses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reyse
defoam: To remove the foam from.
skreen: Obsolete form of screen.
glaver: To prate; to jabber; to babble.
glaver: To flatter; to wheedle.
tathed: simple past and past participle of tath
newset: To set afresh or in a new manner or fashion; reset.
recoct: To boil or cook again.
recoct: To make over; to revamp or reconstruct.
peenge: To complain childishly.
powter: To poke in an exploratory manner.
pretex: To frame; to devise; to disguise or excuse.
pretex: To pretend; to declare falsely.
uptoss: To toss up.
uptoss: To be tossed up.
endoss: To write on the back of (a document); to endorse.
endoss: To inscribe; to depict on any surface.
nidder: To keep down or under.
nidder: To press hard upon; straiten (applied to bounds).
nidder: To pinch or starve with cold or hunger; stunt in growth.
nidder: To harass; grill; plague; annoy.
dretch: To vex; grill; trouble; oppress.
dretch: To delay; linger; tarry.
dretch: To move slowly and heavily; dawdle; loiter.
squiny: To squint.
belams: third-person singular simple present indicative of belam
stoaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoak
renays: third-person singular simple present indicative of renay
ostent: To make an ambitious display of; to exhibit or show boastingly; to ostentate.
pshaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of pshaw
enfree: To set free.
napoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of napoo
progue: To prick; to goad.
dumben: To make dumb.
ASBOed: simple past and past participle of ASBO
disray: Obsolete form of disarray.
cammed: simple past and past participle of cam
sprugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprug
speako: [I] speak.
strown: past participle of strow
strows: third-person singular simple present indicative of strow
ignify: To form into fire.
sowced: simple past and past participle of sowce
haulse: Obsolete form of halse.
halsed: simple past and past participle of halse
dedupe: To deduplicate.
inarch: To graft by uniting, as a scion, to a stock, without separating either from its root before the union is complete.
unsnib: to undo, untie, or open or become undone, untied, or opened.
cojoin: To join together; to conjoin.
inmove: To move inwardly, or in the mind; to affect with emotion.
chinse: To thrust oakum into (seams or chinks) with a chisel, the point of a knife, or a chinsing iron; to calk slightly.
aimeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of aim
mispay: To pay incorrectly, or to the wrong person.
mispay: To dissatisfy.
perfix: To fix surely; to appoint.
extill: To drop or distill.
gether: Alternative form of gather
swaips: third-person singular simple present indicative of swaip
precel: To surpass; to excel; to exceed.
gotter: Alternative form of gotta
growen: past participle of grow
grinde: Obsolete spelling of grind
gemmed: simple past and past participle of gem
hanked: simple past and past participle of hank
bouned: simple past and past participle of boun
inwove: simple past of inweave
ingage: Obsolete spelling of engage
bespin: To spin around or about, so as to cover; spin all over.
bebang: To bang about.
bebang: To give bangs to; style in bangs.
ointed: simple past and past participle of oint
beturn: To turn round or about.
beturn: To turn around; turn back; return.
tweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of tweep
fordim: To dim; darken; obscure.
lie to: To have the sails arranged so as to counteract each other.
reairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reair
gauded: simple past and past participle of gaud
unsign: To remove one's signature from (something one has signed).
unsign: To declare void one's signing of (a treaty).
replat: To create a new plat; to plat again.
nubbed: simple past and past participle of nub
scaths: third-person singular simple present indicative of scath
cering: present participle and gerund of cere
lookee: animate imperative of look; usually used figuratively or as an interjection.
gooded: simple past and past participle of good
looing: present participle and gerund of loo
wombed: simple past and past participle of womb
shampo: Archaic form of shampoo (“to press or knead the body”).
beload: To load up; charge; burden.
keight: simple past of catch
clombe: simple past of climb
tunned: simple past and past participle of tun
tooths: third-person singular simple present indicative of tooth
Medize: Alternative form of medize
Medise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of medize.
medise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of medize.
medize: To side with the Persians; to be loyal to the Persian Empire rather than Greeks.
webize: To adapt for the World Wide Web.
mealed: simple past and past participle of meal
gooden: To make good; improve; better; perfect.
gooden: To become good.
gooden: To grow; improve; prosper.
gooden: To perambulate, usually town to town, collecting alms, gifts, or small gratuities before Christmas-time, usually on St. Thomas's Day.
woteth: Alternative form of wotteth
teched: simple past and past participle of tech
rowted: simple past and past participle of rowt
formay: To dismay.
mirken: To grow dark.
cann't: Nonstandard spelling of can't.
worsed: simple past and past participle of worse
wotest: Alternative form of wottest
cooeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of cooey
hasped: simple past and past participle of hasp
bibbed: simple past and past participle of bib
forway: To go out of the way; go astray; err; make a mistake; sin.
unstay: To undo the establishment of; disestablish; dissolve; divest.
unstay: To expel; expulse; remove; release; rid.
riched: simple past and past participle of rich
yokest: second-person singular simple present indicative of yoke
highed: simple past and past participle of high
unboot: To take off the boots from.
unboot: To remove a wheel clamp from.
highen: To make high; heighten.
examin: Obsolete form of examine.
alledg: Obsolete form of allege.
adjudg: Obsolete spelling of adjudge
collor: Obsolete form of color.
yarled: simple past and past participle of yarl
fulldo: To accomplish; fulfill; complete.
gladen: Obsolete form of gladden.
bolled: simple past and past participle of boll
inkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of inkle
inkled: simple past and past participle of inkle
idleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of idle
chaced: simple past and past participle of chace
henced: simple past and past participle of hence
twidle: Alternative form of tweedle
binner: To create a bickering noise.
derisk: To remove the risk from; to make safe.
hulked: simple past and past participle of hulk
nicing: present participle and gerund of nice
reeing: present participle and gerund of ree
renice: To change (usually to lower) the priority of a process that is already running.
balmed: simple past and past participle of balm
nighen: To come near; approach.
nighen: To bring near; appropriate.
rehews: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehew
rehewn: past participle of rehew
sibbed: simple past and past participle of sib
subfix: To add one or more letters or sounds to the bottom of a word to change its meaning.
razeed: simple past and past participle of razee
maddle: To be or become crazy; rave; be confused in mind; be delirious; lose one's way; be dotingly fond of.
maddle: To craze; confuse in mind; bewilder; masker.
kissle: To smother with kisses; kiss repeatedly; kiss.
bedear: To make or hold dear; endear.
bedear: To say "dear" to; address as "dear".
bechat: To chat over or about; discuss.
bechat: To bewitch.
belook: To look about or around; look over or across; look after; give a look to; look at.
befuck: To fuck about or around; fuck all over; fuck over.
kerfed: simple past and past participle of kerf
araced: simple past and past participle of arace
araces: third-person singular simple present indicative of arace
bunned: simple past and past participle of bun
randed: simple past and past participle of rand
beblow: To blow upon; blow around or about; proclaim or spread about (word, news, fame, etc.)
dibsed: simple past and past participle of dibs
bemood: To endow with a mood; put in a mood; attune.
thwite: To cut or clip with a knife; to whittle.
beared: simple past and past participle of bear (acted as a bear, depressed the price of)
beared: simple past and past participle of bear (carried, tolerated etc.)
loling: present participle and gerund of lol
bewile: To delude; deceive; beguile.
belull: To lull about; lull all over; lull completely.
visaed: simple past and past participle of visa
viséed: simple past and past participle of visé
fliped: simple past and past participle of flipe
shrood: To trim; to lop.
exects: third-person singular simple present indicative of exect
spooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoom
refret: To replace the frets on (a musical instrument).
ahoyed: simple past and past participle of ahoy
rubied: simple past and past participle of ruby
JITing: present participle and gerund of JIT
forgab: To mock; deride; defame; publish the misdeeds of.
sarked: simple past and past participle of sark
alumed: simple past and past participle of alum
waught: Alternative form of waucht
waucht: To drink, to quaff.
inwomb: To place or cause to be contained in the womb; to make pregnant; to conceive.
inwomb: To enclose, inwrap
gisted: simple past and past participle of gist
vanned: simple past and past participle of van
poxing: present participle and gerund of pox
skurry: Dated form of scurry.
tribed: simple past and past participle of tribe
parped: simple past and past participle of parp
stoved: simple past and past participle of stove
wisped: simple past and past participle of wisp
alegge: To allay or alleviate; to lighten.
alegge: Early Modern spelling of allege.
rosies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rosy
RSVPed: simple past and past participle of RSVP
forwax: To grow to excess; become huge; overgrow; swell.
riggle: Archaic form of wriggle.
fittin: Alternative form of fitting
rashed: simple past and past participle of rash
vaping: present participle and gerund of vape
thrave: To urge; compel; importune.
rehoop: To hoop again or anew.
gloars: third-person singular simple present indicative of gloar
smored: simple past and past participle of smore
howels: third-person singular simple present indicative of howel
pannel: Obsolete form of panel.
limbec: To distill.
telish: Punish (an innocent person) for the sake of deterrence; subject (a person) to telishment.
muring: present participle and gerund of mure
rilled: simple past and past participle of rill
twoten: alternative past participle of tweet.
begive: To give out; give of oneself; issue; endow; administer; transfer.
graned: simple past and past participle of grane
juarez: Alternative form of warez
hilloa: To holler, shout loudly
crased: simple past and past participle of crase
befree: To make or set free; liberate; deliver; release.
beread: Alternative form of berede
beread: To advise; inform; counsel; plan; (reflexive) to advise or bethink oneself; deliberate.
ployed: simple past and past participle of ploy
wrappt: simple past and past participle of wrap
paning: present participle and gerund of pane
shoded: simple past and past participle of shode
petnap: To steal or abduct a pet
imparl: To hold discourse; to parley.
imparl: To have time before pleading; to have delay for mutual adjustment.
teetee: Alternative form of tee-tee (“urinate”)
milted: simple past and past participle of milt
shumac: Alternative spelling of sumac
leging: present participle and gerund of lege
aroynt: Alternative form of aroint
sowsed: simple past and past participle of sowse
turney: Obsolete form of tourney.
dommed: simple past and past participle of dom
musted: simple past and past participle of must (only in the sense of "become/make musty")
retrod: simple past of retread
ambass: To engage in the professional work of an ambassador.
trapan: To ensnare; to catch by stratagem; to entrap; to trepan.
acceed: Obsolete form of accede.
sollar: To cover, or provide with, a sollar.
clitch: Alternative form of clutch
parfry: To fry until partly cooked and crispy.
sclaff: To perform such a shot.
sclaff: To scuff or shuffle along.
hoving: present participle and gerund of hove
sepose: To set apart.
sepose: To go apart.
recost: To change or recalculate the cost of.
meoued: simple past and past participle of meou
trined: simple past and past participle of trine
souths: third-person singular simple present indicative of south
exsect: To cut out or away; to remove by exsection.
murken: To make or become murky or dark
sozzle: To splash or wet carelessly.
sozzle: To heap up in confusion.
brouze: Obsolete form of browse.
daffed: simple past and past participle of daff
drempt: Nonstandard spelling of dreamt.
regear: To gear again or anew.
regear: To prepare again or change one's preparations.
torent: simple past and past participle of torend
squirr: Alternative form of squir
consed: simple past and past participle of cons
beleap: To leap upon; cover.
bedrum: To drum about, over, or in celebration for (something).
besoot: To soil with soot; blacken with soot; besmut.
helved: simple past and past participle of helve
thicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thick
unplan: To undo the planning of (something previously planned); to cancel.
presew: To sew in advance.
steeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of steek
snathe: To lop; to prune.
sleids: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleid
did it: simple past of do it
jolley: To use a jolley.
swarve: To swerve.
swarve: To climb.
inbend: To bend or curve inwards; inflect.
'umour: Pronunciation spelling of humor.
'onour: Pronunciation spelling of honour.
codles: third-person singular simple present indicative of codle
codled: simple past and past participle of codle
sarged: simple past and past participle of sarge
tousel: Alternative form of tousle
GIFing: present participle and gerund of GIF
proins: third-person singular simple present indicative of proin
stoped: simple past and past participle of stope
nogged: simple past and past participle of nog
bowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bow
trolly: Alternative form of trolley
crunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of crunk
chared: simple past and past participle of chare
chares: third-person singular simple present indicative of chare
pomped: simple past and past participle of pomp
warked: simple past and past participle of wark
poufed: simple past and past participle of pouf
jolled: simple past and past participle of jol
dopped: simple past and past participle of dop
chowed: simple past and past participle of chow
triked: simple past and past participle of trike
smeeth: To smooth.
smeeth: To smoke; to blacken with smoke; to rub with soot.
enmire: To immerse in mire; to bog down.
rehaul: To haul again.
rehaul: To overhaul.
circed: simple past and past participle of circ
begaze: To gaze at.
merrow: To overlock.
gunzip: To decompress using the gzip program.
gamify: To convert into the form of a game.
defibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of defib
ditted: simple past and past participle of dit
subact: To reduce; to subdue.
neshen: To make tender or soft; mollify.
go HAM: Alternative spelling of go ham
phucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of phuck
Borken: past participle of Bork. (Alternative letter-case form of borken.)
curred: simple past and past participle of curr
sirred: simple past and past participle of sir
reffed: simple past and past participle of ref
respun: simple past and past participle of respin
rug up: To put a rug on a horse
rug up: To put on layers of warm clothes; to wrap up
mimmer: To dote; dream; mammer.
necros: third-person singular simple present indicative of necro
clairt: Alternative form of clart
Scully: To be skeptical toward (a person or situation) with ideas that do not coincide with conventional wisdom.
abutts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abutt
bedumb: To make or render dumb, or mute.
sculks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sculk
unhash: To decode (something previously hashed).
unmaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmap
pritch: To pierce or make holes in.
bebusy: To make or be busy; occupy.
warmes: third-person singular simple present indicative of warme
braven: To make or become brave
ungrab: To release (a device) that was previously captured for exclusive use.
bewarm: To make warm; warm all over; warm up.
bewend: To turn; turn around.
rackle: To talk noisily; rattle on.
conses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cons
luxing: present participle and gerund of lux
moyled: simple past and past participle of moyle
swinck: Obsolete form of swink.
moyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of moyle
steiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of steik
unrugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrug
akills: third-person singular simple present indicative of akill
staled: simple past and past participle of stale
subdew: Obsolete form of subdue.
obfirm: To make firm; to harden in resolution.
roists: third-person singular simple present indicative of roist
rub up: To polish or scrub; to cover (something with a substance) by rubbing.
rub up: To rub (a body part): to massage, give a massage to.
rub up: To create (something) by rubbing.
rub up: To revive one's knowledge of (something); to renew (a skill).
rub up: To assault (someone).
rub up: To reduce (something) to a powder or paste using friction (with a mortar and pestle, for example); to mix (with something) using friction.
rub up: To excite or awaken (something); to revive or reawaken (something).
derped: simple past and past participle of derp
eright: To invest with a right.
slided: simple past and past participle of slide
hit it: To start performing; start playing a song, etc.
hit it: To leave, to hit the road.
hit it: To have sex
hit it: To smoke a cigarette, take an illicit drug, or drink an alcoholic beverage.
hit it: To drive a vehicle, especially a car or motorcycle, really fast.
hit it: To try a gambling game.
bolned: simple past and past participle of boln
contex: To weave together; to form by interweaving.
flyted: simple past and past participle of flyte
siping: present participle and gerund of sipe
had on: simple past and past participle of have on
has on: third-person singular simple present indicative of have on
excamb: To exchange; used with reference to transfers of land.
scholy: To write scholia; to annotate.
coarct: To coarctate.
ygrown: past participle of grow
yshone: past participle of shine
mousle: To sport with roughly; to rumple.
stroot: To swell out; to strut.
unhate: To leave off, cease, or desist from hating.
misown: To own, claim, or appropriate wrongly or amiss; fail to own; disown.
cunded: simple past and past participle of cund
shails: third-person singular simple present indicative of shail
dirted: simple past of dirt
mislie: To lie awkwardly, uncomfortably, or amiss.
cry up: To extol, praise.
coppel: Obsolete spelling of cupel
pozing: present participle and gerund of poze
waxest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wax
sawder: Archaic form of solder.
glomed: simple past and past participle of glome
LOLing: present participle and gerund of LOL
subtag: To apply a secondary or subordinate tag to.
decrew: To decrease, wane.
toused: simple past and past participle of touse
spanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spane
spaned: simple past and past participle of spane
speans: third-person singular simple present indicative of spean
chirre: To coo like a pigeon.
tiddle: To treat tenderly; to pet; to nurse a young animal by hand.
tiddle: To potter about; to do something idly.
tiddle: To urinate.
ammoed: simple past and past participle of ammo
ammo'd: Alternative form of ammoed; simple past and past participle of ammo
carrol: Archaic form of carol..
nousle: Obsolete form of nuzzle.
airdry: Alternative form of air-dry
tag up: Of a baserunner, when a fly ball is hit, to put one's foot on the base one is currently at until the ball is caught. When the ball is caught, the baserunner may attempt to advance to the next base, at the risk of being tagged out.
inbear: To carry in; bring in; furnish; provide; supply; put forth.
onlook: To look on or look at; watch; observe; view; regard.
colted: simple past and past participle of colt
dybbed: simple past and past participle of dyb
redied: simple past and past participle of redie
redies: third-person singular simple present indicative of redie
MiSTed: simple past and past participle of MiST
peeced: simple past and past participle of peece
cessed: simple past and past participle of cess
surfle: Alternative form of surfel (“wash with cosmetic water”)
surfle: To embroider.
queeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of queep
preran: simple past of prerun
prerun: To run in advance.
misles: third-person singular simple present indicative of misle
wealed: simple past and past participle of weal
barned: simple past and past participle of barn
embarn: To lay up in a barn.
sossed: simple past and past participle of soss
wexing: present participle and gerund of wex
tewing: present participle and gerund of tew
attrap: To entrap; to ensnare.
attrap: To adorn with trappings; to dress or array.
kvitch: Alternative spelling of kvetch
wested: simple past and past participle of west
steens: third-person singular simple present indicative of steen
steans: third-person singular simple present indicative of stean
upblew: simple past of upblow
waveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wave
poseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pose
sessed: simple past and past participle of sess
rought: simple past and past participle of reach
rought: simple past and past participle of reck
sythed: simple past and past participle of sythe
danked: simple past and past participle of dank
chored: simple past and past participle of chore
karted: simple past and past participle of kart
farded: simple past and past participle of fard
serged: simple past and past participle of serge
tabers: third-person singular simple present indicative of taber
stuped: simple past and past participle of stupe
pugged: simple past and past participle of pug
'clare: Pronunciation spelling of declare, representing African-American Vernacular English.
Josses: third-person singular simple present indicative of Joss
Jossed: simple past and past participle of Joss
adawed: simple past and past participle of adaw
sissed: simple past and past participle of siss
crispt: simple past and past participle of crisp
twired: simple past and past participle of twire
twires: third-person singular simple present indicative of twire
repews: third-person singular simple present indicative of repew
pewing: present participle and gerund of pew
sisted: simple past and past participle of sist
leazed: simple past and past participle of leaze
leazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of leaze
agrize: Alternative form of agrise
roined: simple past and past participle of roin
prolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of proll
cunned: simple past and past participle of cun
wavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wave
gecked: simple past and past participle of geck
feazed: simple past and past participle of feaze
razeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of raze
cheaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheap
feazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of feaze
rebred: simple past and past participle of rebreed
reseen: past participle of resee
resees: third-person singular simple present indicative of resee
becked: simple past and past participle of beck
dindle: To tingle, as from cold; quiver; thrill
dindle: to shake; vibrate; tremor
stived: simple past and past participle of stive
recrew: To crew (a vessel) again or anew.
cathed: past participle of cath
wraple: To entangle; warp.
warple: To intertwine; twist; entangle.
warple: To confuse.
warple: To twist or wind around.
warple: To wrestle; tumble; wriggle.
warple: To stagger; go in a zig-zag course; move with difficulty; struggle through.
recalc: recalculate
refire: To fire again.
manged: simple past and past participle of mang
vagued: simple past and past participle of vague
dineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dine
laveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lave
dinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dine
takfir: To excommunicate, to declare kafir.
retaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of retap
gleied: simple past and past participle of glei
gleyed: simple past and past participle of gley
gybing: present participle and gerund of gybe
tining: present participle and gerund of tine
shooke: simple past of shake; archaic spelling of shook.
seweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sew
lazeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of laze
freeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of free
moweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mow
taxeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tax
roweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of row
baseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of base
easeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ease
bedamp: To cover with dampness; make damp; dampen.
pryeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pry
bassed: simple past and past participle of bass
prosed: simple past and past participle of prose
pathed: simple past and past participle of path
prankt: past participle of prank
bouged: simple past and past participle of bouge
repipe: To replace the pipes in.
ebbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ebb
gapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gape
erreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of err
roveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rove
voweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vow
tireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tire
unhelp: To undo or impede the help of.
hollas: third-person singular simple present indicative of holla
swinkt: simple past of swink
reclip: To clip again.
rebias: To bias again.
resoak: To soak again.
ladeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lade
toyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of toy
cureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cure
edgeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of edge
shoeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoe
baketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of bake
rateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rate
museth: third-person singular simple present indicative of muse
raceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of race
laceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lace
gising: present participle and gerund of gise
shieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shy
reglue: To glue again; to stick back together with glue.
gorked: simple past and past participle of gork
boloed: simple past and past participle of bolo
malled: simple past and past participle of mall
rehems: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehem
boreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bore
unspit: To remove (meat, etc.) from a spit.
raketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of rake
unfast: To loose; release.
endree: To suffer.
voteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vote
Leeroy: Alternative letter-case form of leeroy
anding: present participle and gerund of and
hields: third-person singular simple present indicative of hield
zzzing: present participle and gerund of zzz
beward: To guard about or completely; protect.
betoil: To worry or exercise with toil.
demate: To move (a space shuttle orbiter) off the back of an aircraft that can carry it.
liting: present participle and gerund of lite
musked: simple past and past participle of musk
saweth: alternative third-person singular past of see
waneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wane
lureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lure
weared: simple past and past participle of wear (see usage notes)
riveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rive
fuffle: Apheretic form of kerfuffle.
beduke: To make a duke.
beduke: To behave or dress as a duke.
unbale: To unpack from bales.
compts: third-person singular simple present indicative of compt
doinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of doink
unflex: To move back from a flexed position.
youing: present participle and gerund of you
paweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of paw
unlost: simple past and past participle of unlose
yerned: simple past and past participle of yern
mozied: simple past and past participle of mozy
broked: simple past and past participle of broke
brokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of broke
vocode: To analyse or synthesize (speech) by means of a vocoder.
rebrew: To brew again.
rapted: simple past and past participle of rapt
irketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of irk
coting: present participle and gerund of cote
swaled: simple past and past participle of swale
thrids: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrid
figged: simple past and past participle of fig
merked: simple past and past participle of merk
raimed: simple past and past participle of raim
raming: present participle and gerund of rame
tuneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tune
deramp: To remove (goods or containers) from a railroad flatcar using special equipment.
deramp: To use a deramp process in order to clean up an electronic signal.
yeasay: To say yes to; to agree with, or approve.
copeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cope
farced: simple past and past participle of farce
prieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pry
tommed: simple past and past participle of tom
gekker: Alternative spelling of gecker
gekker: To make a series of stuttering throaty vocalizations when encountering a rival.
paveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pave
raveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rave
nighed: simple past and past participle of nigh
spiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spy
wipeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wipe
demake: To remake (a modern game) for an older platform.
undeaf: To free from deafness.
camrip: To record (a movie) illicitly by means of a camcorder.
delurk: To reveal oneself, after lurking; to establish a presence on an online newsgroup, forum, etc.
aideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of aid
armbar: To apply this kind of joint lock.
rerank: To rank again; to rank in a different order.
rewipe: To wipe again.
relife: To revive; to resurrect or give new life to.
vowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vow
votest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vote
lavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lave
gapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gape
fixest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fix
rovest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rove
lurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lure
tirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tire
sewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sew
tunest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tune
curest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cure
wipest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wipe
bakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bake
mowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mow
easest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ease
errest: second-person singular simple present indicative of err
pavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pave
edgest: second-person singular simple present indicative of edge
cooeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of coo
copest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cope
rowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of row
posest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pose
mixest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mix
taxest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tax
buyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of buy
wanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wane
ravest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rave
racest: second-person singular simple present indicative of race
achest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ache
gazest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gaze
ladest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lade
wadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wade
wadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wade
toyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of toy
borest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bore
borest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bear
pawest: second-person singular simple present indicative of paw
musest: second-person singular simple present indicative of muse
meteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mete
aidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of aid
metest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mete
facest: second-person singular simple present indicative of face
rivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rive
pryest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pry
benews: third-person singular simple present indicative of benew
uncask: To remove from a cask.
dexify: Defend, explain, and/or justify.
waired: simple past and past participle of wair
terped: simple past and past participle of terp
brisks: third-person singular simple present indicative of brisk
retask: To cause to perform a new task; to change the work or mission of.
smited: simple past and past participle of smite
doodie: Alternative form of doody
vacked: simple past and past participle of vac
whewed: simple past and past participle of whew
re-ran: simple past of re-run
re-run: Alternative spelling of rerun.
unkeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of unkey
sworne: past participle of sweare
daying: present participle and gerund of day
gyming: present participle and gerund of gym
wazzed: simple past and past participle of wazz
presst: Obsolete form of pressed; simple past and past participle of press
unarcs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unarc
scower: Obsolete spelling of scour
flench: Alternative form of flense
sesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sess
sutled: simple past and past participle of sutle
sutles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sutle
dagnab: damn (as an expletive)
sedded: simple past and past participle of sed
Skyped: simple past and past participle of Skype
Skypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Skype
jiffed: simple past and past participle of jiff
resues: third-person singular simple present indicative of resue
resued: simple past and past participle of resue
eat it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see eat, it.
eat it: To fall forward, hitting one's face on the ground.
eat it: To die
bedoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedo
jobble: To wobble.
teazed: simple past and past participle of teaze
teazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of teaze
remops: third-person singular simple present indicative of remop
viring: present participle and gerund of vire
skiïng: Alternative spelling of skiing
louden: To become louder.
unrack: To remove from a rack.
hilled: simple past and past participle of hill
may'st: Obsolete form of mayst.
poohed: simple past and past participle of pooh
humphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of humph
coshed: simple past and past participle of cosh
locoed: simple past and past participle of loco
talced: simple past and past participle of talc
boinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of boink
lock'd: simple past and past participle of lock
open'd: simple past and past participle of open
ruin'd: simple past and past participle of ruin
miss'd: simple past and past participle of miss
view'd: simple past and past participle of view
long'd: simple past and past participle of long
rear'd: simple past and past participle of rear
wash'd: simple past and past participle of wash
dash'd: simple past and past participle of dash
pray'd: simple past and past participle of pray
talk'd: simple past and past participle of talk
stay'd: simple past and past participle of stay
burn'd: simple past and past participle of burn
hush'd: simple past and past participle of hush
did'st: Obsolete form of didst.
dar'st: Obsolete form of darest.
doom'd: simple past and past participle of doom
giv'st: Obsolete form of givest.
saw'st: Obsolete form of sawest.
liv'st: Obsolete form of livest.
see'st: Obsolete form of seest.
had'st: Obsolete form of hadst.
mak'st: Obsolete form of makest.
say'st: Obsolete form of sayest.
deem'd: simple past and past participle of deem
tak'st: Obsolete form of takest.
lov'st: Obsolete form of lovest.
gruffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gruff
toss'd: simple past and past participle of toss
rezips: third-person singular simple present indicative of rezip
undogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of undog
reshoe: To fit with new horseshoes.
reknot: To knot again.
rehook: To hook again.
reshod: simple past and past participle of reshoe
rebolt: To bolt again.
recomb: To comb again.
fifing: present participle and gerund of fife
ramset: To fire or fix such a fastening.
weeped: simple past and past participle of weep (drainage sense)
brided: simple past and past participle of bride
haloos: third-person singular simple present indicative of haloo
'buked: Alternative form of rebuked
deguts: third-person singular simple present indicative of degut
feezed: simple past and past participle of feeze
heared: simple past and past participle of hear
rerack: To place back in a rack.
rerack: To rack (the balls) again, as when preparing for a new game.
ooohed: simple past and past participle of oooh
lookie: Alternative form of lookee
mouthe: Rare form of mouth.
siling: present participle and gerund of sile
redons: third-person singular simple present indicative of redon
desyre: Obsolete spelling of desire
awwing: present participle and gerund of aww
alieve: To subconsciously feel (something) to be true, even if one does not believe it; to hold an alief.
key up: To raise (the whole ring of an arch) off its centering, by driving in the keystone forcibly.
key up: To raise the pitch of.
key up: To produce nervous tension in.
key up: To raise the intensity, excitement, tension, etc., of.
luvved: simple past and past participle of luv
naying: present participle and gerund of nay
tacted: simple past and past participle of tact
manded: simple past and past participle of mand
vicing: present participle and gerund of vice
toe in: To stand or carry the feet in such a way that the toes of each foot incline toward the other.
toe in: To align the front wheels of a vehicle so that they point slightly toward each other.
repoed: simple past and past participle of repo
squoke: simple past and past participle of squeak
elixed: simple past and past participle of elix
gauzed: simple past and past participle of gauze
heezed: simple past and past participle of heeze
heezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of heeze
hoboed: simple past and past participle of hobo
immits: third-person singular simple present indicative of immit
hicked: simple past and past participle of hick
jeffed: simple past and past participle of jeff
naaied: simple past and past participle of naai
remans: third-person singular simple present indicative of reman
shends: third-person singular simple present indicative of shend
strims: third-person singular simple present indicative of strim
unlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlay
uphung: simple past and past participle of uphang
indefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of indef
frownd: Obsolete spelling of frowned
recond: To put away; to set apart.
hights: third-person singular simple present indicative of hight
hollos: third-person singular simple present indicative of hollo
toshed: simple past and past participle of tosh
toshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tosh
furtle: To gently delve; to probe or rummage tentatively.
haints: third-person singular simple present indicative of haint
depuff: To remove the puffiness from.
polyed: simple past and past participle of poly
wawing: present participle and gerund of waw
moring: present participle and gerund of more
thwaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwap
poping: present participle and gerund of pope
getted: simple past and past participle of get
finded: simple past and past participle of find
scrike: To shriek; to screech.
scrike: To cry (shed tears)
TASing: present participle and gerund of TAS
cohead: To serve as one of the joint heads of (an organization or department).
craked: simple past and past participle of crake
rudded: simple past and past participle of rud
tuxied: simple past and past participle of tuxy
tuxies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tuxy
pidged: simple past and past participle of pidge
deaned: simple past and past participle of dean
pidges: third-person singular simple present indicative of pidge
writed: simple past and past participle of write
undoed: simple past and past participle of undo
spredd: Obsolete form of spread.
peents: third-person singular simple present indicative of peent
hmphed: simple past and past participle of hmph
eeking: present participle and gerund of eek
germed: simple past and past participle of germ
desync: Clipping of desynchronize.
dacked: simple past and past participle of dack
violed: simple past and past participle of viol
silked: simple past and past participle of silk
desilk: To remove the silk from (corn).
outcon: To outdo in confidence trickery.
cronks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cronk
cabbed: simple past and past participle of cab
bogued: simple past and past participle of bogue
wussed: simple past and past participle of wuss
vagged: simple past and past participle of vag
loided: simple past and past participle of loid
skoosh: To squirt.
skoosh: To squish, to smoosh.
unshar: To extract data from a file in the shar (shell archive) format.
spraff: To speak excessively or pointlessly.
spraff: To speak (in general).
reigne: Obsolete spelling of reign
beered: simple past and past participle of beer
chroot: To change the apparent root directory for a running process, affecting whether or not it can access certain files etc.
rawked: simple past and past participle of rawk
creped: simple past and past participle of crepe
prayse: Obsolete spelling of praise
retuck: To tuck again.
gunked: simple past and past participle of gunk
gerned: simple past and past participle of gern
halals: third-person singular simple present indicative of halal
whooed: simple past and past participle of whoo
setted: simple past and past participle of set (meaning to divide students into different ability groups)
easied: simple past and past participle of easy
easies: third-person singular simple present indicative of easy
nooned: simple past and past participle of noon
nobbed: simple past and past participle of nob
dapped: simple past and past participle of dap
biteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bite
lazied: simple past and past participle of lazy
donged: simple past and past participle of dong
lazies: third-person singular simple present indicative of lazy
tyling: present participle and gerund of tyle
shoosh: Make or cause to make a shoosh; move with a shoosh
shoosh: Shush, hush, be quiet; tell to be quiet
shoosh: ski, especially in a gentle downhill curve
quooke: simple past and past participle of quake
gubbed: simple past and past participle of gub
flurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of flurt
cample: To contend; argue; talk noisily.
dawbed: simple past and past participle of dawb
tocked: simple past and past participle of tock
smaaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of smaak
depack: To decompress (data).
unlimb: To remove a limb or limbs from.
updove: simple past and past participle of updive
ytaken: past participle of take
ybuilt: past participle of build
miswed: To wed badly.
bedipt: simple past and past participle of bedip
bawwed: simple past and past participle of baww
unsake: To forsake.
piggle: To dig or uproot; to scrape.
piggle: To toy or fiddle.
piggle: To cause to worry, to make uncomfortable; niggle.
piggle: To worry about minor points.
leeroy: To run headfirst into a situation without prior planning or consideration.
carrie: Obsolete spelling of carry
ate up: simple past of eat up
fawnch: Alternative form of faunch
beshoe: To put shoes on; fit or furnish with shoes.
reexit: To exit again.
faunch: To bite the bit, especially when restless; to champ.
faunch: To complain; to rant; to rave.
faunch: To worry; to be eager; to show impatience.
faunch: To desire; to yearn; to covet.
relamp: To replace the lamp(s) in (a light fitting).
remend: To mend or repair again.
rechip: To chip again.
behand: To remove the hand or hands from; cut off one's hand or hands.
rodded: simple past and past participle of rod
acraze: To weaken, impair, or enfeeble in mind, body, or estate; craze.
adaunt: To subdue.
afform: To form; model; cause to conform.
excist: Misspelling of exist.
toxify: To make or render toxic.
Sufize: To make or become Sufi
varted: simple past and past participle of vart
ungild: To remove gilding
Danify: To make more Danish.
weasal: Misspelling of weasel.
nilled: past participle of nill
gonked: simple past and past participle of gonk
micing: present participle and gerund of mic
unmind: To not mind; misregard; put off; disregard.
unmind: To disobey.
unmind: To put out of mind; clear the mind.
unmove: To move (something) back to its original place; undo or reverse the motion of.
unmove: To move away; remove.
unmove: To not move; remain still or motionless; remain in place.
unmove: To fail to move; fail to cause satisfaction, enjoyment, or delight.
sugged: simple past and past participle of sug
unheed: To deliberately fail to heed or take notice of; disregard; ignore.
blahed: simple past and past participle of blah
unlead: To take away the leaden seals from (the bales of transit goods).
unlead: To take out the leads from (printed matter that has been set up).
delead: To remove the lead (metal) from.
grotch: To annoy; to irritate.
grotch: To complain.
cowtow: Misspelling of kowtow.
kythed: simple past and past participle of kythe
sharts: third-person singular simple present indicative of shart
bosted: simple past and past participle of bost
doxxed: simple past and past participle of doxx
minacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of minac
befurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of befur
begall: To gall.
gegged: simple past and past participle of geg
gegged: simple past and past participle of gegg
outski: To ski better than; to surpass in skiing.
linin': Pronunciation spelling of lining.
doxxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of doxx
whoost: To cough.
scarph: Alternative form of scarf (make a joint in woodworking)
sauder: Misspelling of solder. (due to American pronunciation)
spaken: past participle of speak
predes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prede
de-gay: To cause (an issue, especially AIDS) to no longer be associated with gay people.
re-gay: To cause (an issue, especially AIDS) to be associated once again with gay people.
gaying: present participle and gerund of gay
kegged: simple past and past participle of keg
resite: To move to another site or place.
vulned: simple past and past participle of vuln
shired: simple past and past participle of shire
schtup: Alternative spelling of shtup (“to push; to have sex (with)”).
creäte: Alternative form of create.
gormed: simple past and past participle of gorm
goamed: simple past and past participle of goam
gaumed: simple past and past participle of gaum
begaum: To smear (with something sticky or messy).
gawmed: simple past and past participle of gawm
walmed: simple past and past participle of walm
deheat: To cool.
voolay: Pronunciation spelling indicating a non-French-speaker pronouncing the French word voulez.
gallet: To use this masonry technique.
fubbed: simple past and past participle of fub
surpay: To more than compensate for; to outweigh.
vooley: Pronunciation spelling indicating a non-French-speaker pronouncing the French word voulez.
resubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of resub
skooch: Alternative spelling of scooch
unburn: To undergo the process of burning in reverse.
unmelt: To undergo the process of melting in reverse.
Moodle: To use a Moodle, either as a teacher or as a student.
Gmails: third-person singular simple present indicative of Gmail
go far: To attain success, especially from humble origins; achieve a great deal.
go far: To cover significant expenses.
spelch: To splinter while being crosscut.
pheeze: Alternative form of feeze
desilt: to remove suspended silt from the water.
dullen: To make dull or duller; to dull.
dullen: To become dull or duller; to dull.
offlay: To offset.
upbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbow
drouge: Obsolete spelling of drog
lyzing: present participle and gerund of lyze
bouted: simple past and past participle of bout
woulde: Obsolete spelling of would
chated: simple past and past participle of chate
deskin: To remove the skin of
deskin: To remove (a ruler) from power.
enskin: To install as a leader of a group.
zotzed: simple past and past participle of zotz
recams: third-person singular simple present indicative of recam
gnasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnast
yawled: simple past and past participle of yawl
reblue: To renew the bluing or rustproof coating of.
goozer: To kiss.
petune: To spray (tobacco) with a liquid intended to produce flavour or aroma.
enface: To write or print on the face of (a draft, bill, etc.).
pammed: simple past and past participle of pam
diplex: Simulcast the same signal on two frequencies.
diplex: Combine two signals using two frequencies onto one cable.
tapued: simple past and past participle of tapu
tirled: simple past and past participle of tirl
titups: third-person singular simple present indicative of titup
harled: simple past and past participle of harl
reharl: To harl again; to repair the exterior of a building that has been harled.
jokest: second-person singular simple present indicative of joke
trecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of treck
solfas: third-person singular simple present indicative of solfa
mogged: simple past and past participle of mog
dompts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dompt
meleed: simple past and past participle of melee
flytes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flyte
enting: present participle and gerund of ent
bewish: To confer, grant, or make a wish; wish.
hiping: present participle and gerund of hipe
hypers: third-person singular simple present indicative of hyper
clatch: To daub or smear, as with lime; to make or finish in a slipshod way.
shecht: to perform shechita, to ritually slaughter
eggest: second-person singular simple present indicative of egg
chowse: Obsolete spelling of chouse (“to cheat, to swindle”)
parcen: To divide among parceners
doming: present participle and gerund of dome
rebait: To bait again; to readd bait to.
yrunne: past participle of run
fiated: simple past and past participle of fiat
bunkos: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunko
peched: simple past and past participle of pech
bouled: simple past and past participle of boule
meowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of meowl
miaoul: Alternative form of meowl
dezinc: To deprive of zinc.
reflew: simple past of refly
empest: To infect
expell: Obsolete form of expel.
gawing: present participle and gerund of gaw
miaowl: Alternative form of meowl
undied: simple past and past participle of undie
suther: To sigh, or moan
suther: To whir
nidate: To become implanted in, especially, a uterus.
repulp: To convert paper back into pulp, as during recycling.
reglow: To recalesce.
givin': Pronunciation spelling of giving.
actin': Pronunciation spelling of acting.
racin': Pronunciation spelling of racing.
Brexit: To exit the European Union.
Brexit: To leave a romantic relationship.
lithed: simple past and past participle of lithe
lithes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lithe
haeing: present participle and gerund of have
forgat: simple past of forget
yeuked: simple past and past participle of yeuk
joypop: To use drugs recreationally without becoming addicted.
varoom: Alternative form of vroom
jimjam: To cram together in a jumbled fashion.
jimjam: To befuddle or stupefy.
jimjam: To dance ecstatically.
jimjam: To copulate.
uplays: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplay
uplaid: simple past and past participle of uplay
kythes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kythe
kithed: simple past and past participle of kithe
quemed: simple past and past participle of queme
kithes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kithe
loofas: third-person singular simple present indicative of loofa
octroy: To grant (a privilege etc, by a government etc).
laiked: simple past and past participle of laik
lirked: simple past and past participle of lirk
jauped: simple past and past participle of jaup
krised: simple past and past participle of kris
immews: third-person singular simple present indicative of immew
inorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of inorb
uphove: simple past of upheave
upruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprun
uptook: simple past of uptake
upsent: simple past and past participle of upsend
resalt: To salt again or anew.
reblot: To blot something again.
gauped: simple past and past participle of gaup
gealed: simple past and past participle of geal
gipped: simple past and past participle of gip
gleets: third-person singular simple present indicative of gleet
gramed: simple past and past participle of grame
graffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of graff
nopped: simple past and past participle of nop
gyving: present participle and gerund of gyve
grames: third-person singular simple present indicative of grame
healds: third-person singular simple present indicative of heald
dinnit: Pronunciation spelling of didn't.
hersed: simple past and past participle of herse
hodded: simple past and past participle of hod
hoises: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoise
hoised: simple past and past participle of hoise
hoxing: present participle and gerund of hox
hongis: third-person singular simple present indicative of hongi
hoasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoast
hoying: present participle and gerund of hoy
hullos: third-person singular simple present indicative of hullo
hurras: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurra
raffed: simple past and past participle of raff
redips: third-person singular simple present indicative of redip
refels: third-person singular simple present indicative of refel
refilm: To film again.
reinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reink
reoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of reoil
repark: To park again; especially, to continue to back in and out of a parking spot until a suitable fit to the diameters of the parking spot is achieved.
repoll: To poll again.
reweld: To weld again.
rining: present participle and gerund of rine
repump: To pump again.
repump: To use a laser to raise an electron (in an atom or ion etc) back to a previous high state.
avized: simple past and past participle of avize
assots: third-person singular simple present indicative of assot
avizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of avize
feated: simple past and past participle of feat
frists: third-person singular simple present indicative of frist
feezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of feeze
fealed: simple past and past participle of feal
flemed: simple past and past participle of fleme
fiking: present participle and gerund of fike
fugled: simple past and past participle of fugle
flemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleme
flyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fly
menged: simple past and past participle of meng
mieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of mieve
mieved: simple past and past participle of mieve
mooves: third-person singular simple present indicative of moove
mooved: simple past and past participle of moove
mislit: simple past and past participle of mislight
mering: present participle and gerund of mere
eloins: third-person singular simple present indicative of eloin
emuled: simple past and past participle of emule
enured: simple past and past participle of enure
ettled: simple past and past participle of ettle
besees: third-person singular simple present indicative of besee
misadd: To add incorrectly.
besits: third-person singular simple present indicative of besit
berobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of berob
besang: simple past of besing
bespat: simple past of bespit
besped: simple past and past participle of bespeed
betrod: simple past of betread
bewigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewig
birred: simple past and past participle of birr
blored: simple past and past participle of blore
boking: present participle and gerund of boke
boosed: simple past and past participle of boose
boults: third-person singular simple present indicative of boult
bownes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowne
blores: third-person singular simple present indicative of blore
butles: third-person singular simple present indicative of butle
butled: simple past and past participle of butle
cucked: simple past and past participle of cuck
ticing: present participle and gerund of tice
tincts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tinct
tinded: simple past and past participle of tind
toling: present participle and gerund of tole
toomed: simple past and past participle of toom
tosing: present participle and gerund of tose
traped: simple past and past participle of trape
troked: simple past and past participle of troke
trokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of troke
kyarn': Alternative form of kyarn
tyning: present participle and gerund of tyne
euthed: simple past and past participle of euth
ate it: simple past of eat it
debels: third-person singular simple present indicative of debel
dearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dearn
denays: third-person singular simple present indicative of denay
devels: third-person singular simple present indicative of devel
diting: present participle and gerund of dite
dizens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dizen
dorted: simple past and past participle of dort
dushed: simple past and past participle of dush
dushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dush
drails: third-person singular simple present indicative of drail
dwales: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwale
parled: simple past and past participle of parle
peased: simple past and past participle of pease
peases: third-person singular simple present indicative of pease
pirled: simple past and past participle of pirl
pizing: present participle and gerund of pize
pluffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pluff
polked: simple past and past participle of polk
prouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of proul
pyning: present participle and gerund of pyne
engift: To give a gift to.
limpen: To make or become limp.
limpen: Pronunciation spelling of limping.
chirks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirk
chyack: Alternative form of chiack
clecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleck
cloams: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloam
clours: third-person singular simple present indicative of clour
coapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coapt
conged: simple past and past participle of conge
conged: simple past and past participle of congé
deyolk: To remove the yolk from.
unpair: To go from a paired to a non-paired state; to disassociate.
sabbed: simple past and past participle of sab
sading: present participle and gerund of sade
stawed: simple past and past participle of staw
steale: Obsolete form of steal.
stoors: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoor
swarfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of swarf
degrow: To become smaller; to shrink.
degrow: To make (something) smaller, to reduce.
repeel: To peel again.
scrabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrab
scrats: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrat
co-own: To own jointly with another person or organization.
seaned: simple past and past participle of sean
mo-cap: to motion-capture
shlump: Alternative form of schlump
shools: third-person singular simple present indicative of shool
skirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of skirr
slived: simple past and past participle of slive
slives: third-person singular simple present indicative of slive
smoors: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoor
sowled: simple past and past participle of sowl
sowths: third-person singular simple present indicative of sowth
Jewify: To Judaize.
speers: third-person singular simple present indicative of speer
spuing: present participle and gerund of spue
learnd: Obsolete spelling of learned, simple past and past participle of learn
sirple: Alternative form of sipple
nooked: simple past and past participle of nook
eaning: present participle and gerund of ean
kemped: simple past and past participle of kemp
upcode: To change the diagnostic code of a patient's condition from the correct code to one for which a larger amount can be billed.
upcode: To give an improved code or rating to something.
neezed: simple past and past participle of neeze
nealed: simple past and past participle of neal
neesed: simple past and past participle of neese
neezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of neeze
neeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of neese
yesked: simple past and past participle of yesk
fanded: simple past and past participle of fand
zizzle: Synonym of sizzle
deroof: To remove part of the outer wall of (a cyst, etc.) to aid healing.
mispen: To pen badly or wrongly.
misact: To act badly or wrongly.
readed: simple past and past participle of read
degged: simple past and past participle of deg
velled: simple past and past participle of vell
sautee: Alternative form of sauté
yucked: simple past and past participle of yuck
vanged: simple past and past participle of vang
sepult: To bury or inter.
yanged: simple past and past participle of yang
amound: To accumulate, to mound up, to amount.
dedust: To remove the dust from.
brasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of brast
libbed: simple past and past participle of lib
wained: simple past and past participle of wain
unwall: To unblock or reopen (something previously walled up).
wolved: simple past and past participle of wolve
woolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of woold
whoofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoof
yshent: simple past and past participle of shend
carnap: To steal a motor vehicle.
quelch: To squelch; to eliminate.
quelch: To make a squelching sound.
inpour: To pour in.
ungums: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungum
unlids: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlid
ugging: present participle and gerund of ug
ugging: present participle and gerund of ugg
vading: present participle and gerund of vade
venged: simple past and past participle of venge
vinted: simple past and past participle of vint
voling: present participle and gerund of vole
vummed: simple past and past participle of vum
unboil: To reverse the process of boiling.
desped: simple past and past participle of despeed
examed: simple past and past participle of exam.
bidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bide
groned: simple past and past participle of grone
bakin': Pronunciation spelling of baking.
grones: third-person singular simple present indicative of grone
ghasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ghast
panfry: Alternative form of pan-fry
pawaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of pawaw
pursew: Obsolete form of pursue.
powred: simple past and past participle of powre
powwaw: Archaic form of powwow.
orting: present participle and gerund of ort
reavow: To avow again.
reskew: Obsolete form of rescue.
remixt: Obsolete form of remixed.
reskue: Obsolete form of rescue.
redefy: To defy again.
prewet: To wet (a surface) prior to some other operation
feened: simple past and past participle of feen
rebins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebin
rewrit: past of rewrite
urined: simple past and past participle of urine
5150ed: simple past and past participle of 5150
leamed: simple past and past participle of leam
lithos: third-person singular simple present indicative of litho
hikois: third-person singular simple present indicative of hikoi
parged: simple past and past participle of parge.
uncoat: (of the capsid shell) to dissociate from the viral core in the host cell cytoplasm
uncoat: To remove the viral capsid of a virus, leading to the release of the viral genomic nucleic acid.
deflea: To rid of fleas.
dipnet: To catch (fish) in a hand net.
demask: To clear etchant and maskant from a part being chemically etched or milled.
rewalt: To overturn; throw down.
rewalt: To give up; surrender
yiving: present participle and gerund of yive
vedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of vedge
smizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of smize
vedged: simple past and past participle of vedge
smized: simple past and past participle of smize
upmake: To make up.
fugged: simple past and past participle of fug
fugged: simple past and past participle of fugg
fugged: Nonstandard spelling of forget.
navved: simple past and past participle of nav
reskim: To skim again.
throed: simple past and past participle of throe
unspam: To remove spam messages.
despam: To remove a spamblock from (an e-mail address).
sawist: Obsolete form of sawest.
doowop: Alternative spelling of doo-wop
preems: third-person singular simple present indicative of preem
aduise: obsolete typography of advise
driuen: Obsolete spelling of driven
deuise: obsolete typography of devise
refoul: To refuse entry to a country and repatriate (an immigrant or asylum-seeker)
dhrink: Pronunciation spelling of drink.
dooant: Pronunciation spelling of don't.
CRISPR: To edit genomes by laboratory use of the CRISPR/Cas9 system.
gimble: To grin or smile.
gimble: Alternative form of gimbal
gettin: Pronunciation spelling of getting.
arriue: Obsolete spelling of arrive
begane: Obsolete spelling of began; simple past of begin
stuffe: Obsolete spelling of stuff
beleue: Obsolete spelling of believe
toaded: simple past and past participle of toad
erning: present participle and gerund of ern
buzzle: To buzz repeatedly or continuously; whirr
buzzle: To cause to buzz; flurry
ungets: third-person singular simple present indicative of unget
unrigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrig
upmade: simple past and past participle of upmake
uncake: To remove a caked mass from.
unlaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlaw
pee-ed: simple past and past participle of pee
hallal: Alternative form of halal
holked: simple past and past participle of holk
Fs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of F off
leeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of leese
louned: simple past and past participle of loun
lusked: simple past and past participle of lusk
cofeed: To feed along with another food or medication etc
oopsed: simple past and past participle of oops
oopses: third-person singular simple present indicative of oops
wukked: simple past and past participle of wuk
aweing: present participle and gerund of awe
sshing: present participle and gerund of ssh
catcht: simple past and past participle of catch
hiffed: simple past of hiff
sac up: Alternative spelling of sack up (only in the "become more manly" meaning)
kreese: Dated form of kris.
wauked: simple past and past participle of wauk
hyeing: present participle and gerund of hye
hulloa: Alternative form of hollo
enarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of enarm
embogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of embog
embost: simple past and past participle of emboss
repegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of repeg
swaver: To stagger or totter; to walk feebly, as one who is fatigued.
swaver: To incline to one side; to swing.
swaver: To decline away from.
steddy: Obsolete form of steady.
desyne: Obsolete form of gloss (“to plan to do something”).
dehair: To remove the hair from.
embues: third-person singular simple present indicative of embue
decomp: to decompile (especially videogames)
bayted: simple past and past participle of bayt
beaths: third-person singular simple present indicative of beath
begems: third-person singular simple present indicative of begem
begoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bego
bemads: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemad
bepats: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepat
bo jio: To leave someone out from an event or activity by not inviting them.
amayed: simple past and past participle of amay
coited: simple past and past participle of coit
tawsed: simple past and past participle of tawse
tatued: simple past and past participle of tatu
tattow: Archaic form of tattoo.
deairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deair
choped: simple past and past participle of chope
saboed: simple past and past participle of sabo
chiong: To rush or charge, usually to do or obtain something, or to get to a particular place.
chiong: To devote all of one’s time, energy, focus, and attention to doing or completing something.
chiong: To go out partying or nightclubbing.
ungyve: To unchain.
rerose: simple past of rerise
rerise: To rise again.
Roneos: third-person singular simple present indicative of Roneo
peaned: simple past and past participle of pean
peined: simple past and past participle of pein
peepes: third-person singular simple present indicative of peepe
peinct: Obsolete form of paint.
boying: present participle and gerund of boy
pening: present participle and gerund of pene
eff up: Euphemistic form of fuck up.
faming: present participle and gerund of fame
fraped: simple past and past participle of frape
frapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of frape
stealt: simple past and past participle of steal
bit in: simple past of bite in
mic up: Alternative spelling of mike up
cassed: simple past and past participle of cass
buy in: To accept an idea as valid; to join in on a concept.
buy in: To invest as part of a group; to put one's personal stake in an investment.
buy in: To buy back for the owner at an auction.
buy in: For the buyer of securities, whose seller fails to deliver the securities contracted for, to buy the securities from a third party and demand the difference in price from the original seller.
run at: To charge at someone; to advance as though to attack.
bob up: To rise to the surface; to ascend to the surface and remain floating there.
nip at: To bite or pinch with small actions.
nip at: To be cold; to be bitingly cold.
nip at: To sip a drink (usually alcoholic) in small amounts.
arc up: To become upset or angry.
paw at: To come on to (someone) in a rude way, with excessive and unwelcome touching; to handle (someone or something) rudely or clumsily.
paw at: To repeatedly hit (someone or something) with a paw.
rap at: To talk to; to communicate with; to tell of important things.
incave: To cave inward.
jerque: To search (a ship) for unentered goods.
remine: To mine again.
panéed: simple past and past participle of pané
ingled: simple past and past participle of ingle
shmeer: Alternative form of schmear
unhear: To reverse the process of hearing, so that (a sound, etc.) was never heard.
unhear: To forget a sound.
redock: To dock again.
relend: To lend again.
rended: simple past and past participle of rend
raunge: Obsolete form of range.
redipt: simple past and past participle of redip
emmesh: Alternative form of enmesh
misust: simple past and past participle of misuse
hulaed: simple past and past participle of hula
extold: simple past and past participle of extol
fummed: simple past and past participle of fum
re-ups: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-up
claded: simple past and past participle of clade
fuster: To fret, whine, or complain.
fuster: To fuss; to meddle or micromanage.
fuster: To become marked with signs of age or decay.
fuster: To fumble; to work clumsily.
unpile: To remove from a pile or stack.
bering: To encircle (something) with a ring or some other circular object (such as a shackle).
muzaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of muzak
schlup: Alternative form of schlurp
cought: Obsolete spelling of caught
cought: Misspelling of caught.
cought: Obsolete spelling of coughed
shnors: third-person singular simple present indicative of shnor
retilt: To tilt again.
remill: To mill again.
remill: To mill (lumber) again: to resaw.
remill: To mill again.
remill: To mill (a machined part) again on a milling machine or machining center: to rework the milled features of a (usually metal or plastic) machined part.
shlick: To masturbate a vulva.
toivel: Alternative form of tovel.
sooled: simple past and past participle of sool
unmist: To demist.
bewing: To furnish or equip with wings.
renses: third-person singular simple present indicative of rense
splork: To spit out one's drink as the result of reading something amusing.
wapped: simple past and past participle of wap
tutued: simple past and past participle of tutu
youked: simple past and past participle of youk
zereba: Alternative form of zariba
log-in: Alternative form of log in
log-on: Alternative form of log on
adread: To dread, fear greatly.
adread: To fear, be afraid.
bedyde: Obsolete form of bedyed.
subfeu: To subinfeud: to grant land via a subfeu.
remeid: To remedy, in its various senses.
unmean: To reverse, cancel, or negate what was intentionally communicated.
unself: To deprive of, or detach from, the self.
unsend: To undo, cancel, or reverse the transmission of a message
unhire: To fire; to terminate the employment of (somebody previously hired).
kanged: simple past and past participle of kang
buskle: To prepare or equip; make ready; set out; hurry about; bustle
wubbed: simple past and past participle of wub
pettle: To fondle or pet; to pamper.
daving: present participle and gerund of dave
heiled: simple past and past participle of heil
hillos: third-person singular simple present indicative of hillo
dehaze: To remove the haze from (an image).
dewool: To remove the wool from.
genned: simple past and past participle of gen
gen up: To study in detail; to familiarize oneself with all available information.
gen up: To inform or teach with all relevant details; to brief.
gridle: To sing as a form of begging, especially to sing hymns badly with the aim of soliciting donations out of sympathy.
smails: third-person singular simple present indicative of smail
jaking: present participle and gerund of jake
upkept: simple past and past participle of upkeep
knived: simple past and past participle of knive
fleest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flee
divied: Alternative form of divvied
divies: Alternative form of divvies
reburn: To burn again
say no: To disagree; to think something or someone is doing or saying what is wrong.
say no: To reject something.
booped: simple past and past participle of boop
redrag: To drag again.
rejogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejog
outrap: To surpass in rapping (speaking lyrics in rap music); to rap better than.
bean't: be not
tythed: simple past and past participle of tythe
tutoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of tutoy
unwits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwit
uglied: simple past and past participle of ugly
updart: To dart upward.
jeeped: simple past and past participle of jeep
feuing: present participle and gerund of feu
flyped: simple past and past participle of flype
frized: simple past and past participle of frize
yicker: Alternative form of yikker
yikker: To make a thin, high-pitched sound of alarm, as certain birds do.
colden: To grow or make cold.
blound: simple past and past participle of blind
unasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unask
adhese: To attach adhesively or via adhesives.
adhese: To unite via adhesion (abnormal union of surface).
unfeel: To reverse or negate the feeling of
murred: simple past and past participle of murr
vblogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of vblog
dinnle: Alternative form of dindle
usedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of use
plused: simple past and past participle of plus
dawked: simple past and past participle of dawk
demans: third-person singular simple present indicative of deman
pot up: To put (a plant) into a pot
greits: third-person singular simple present indicative of greit
rerubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerub
manked: simple past and past participle of mank
seming: present participle and gerund of seme
minsed: simple past and past participle of minse
minses: third-person singular simple present indicative of minse
farled: simple past and past participle of farl
reback: To repair (a book) by replacing the spine.
layans: third-person singular simple present indicative of layan
upcame: simple past of upcome
bipped: simple past and past participle of bip
leyned: simple past and past participle of leyn
boofed: simple past and past participle of boof
linted: simple past and past participle of lint
lewing: present participle and gerund of lew
nroffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of nroff
go set: To fail to make bid, thereby earning a negative score.
go set: To earn a negative score, in any context.
dassed: simple past and past participle of dass
neshed: simple past and past participle of nesh
neshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nesh
dougie: To perform this dance.
looove: Elongated form of love.
graped: simple past and past participle of grape
goaled: simple past and past participle of goal
jambed: simple past and past participle of jamb
horded: simple past and past participle of horde
t-bone: Alternative form of T-bone
demold: To remove from a mold.
unpops: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpop
unearn: No longer to deserve (privileges, respect, etc.) that one had previously earned.
remilk: To milk once more.
txting: present participle and gerund of txt
relime: To treat with lime again.
pelled: simple past and past participle of pell
glased: simple past and past participle of glase
undyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of undye
niffed: simple past and past participle of niff
outgay: To surpass in being homosexual or in behaving in a stereotypically gay manner.
asweve: To put to sleep.
asweve: To stupefy.
knowst: second-person singular simple present indicative of know
untame: To make untame; make wild
retack: To tack again.
lilled: simple past and past participle of lill
lunted: simple past and past participle of lunt
borken: past participle of bork (“to break”).
retier: To tier again; to arrange in a new hierarchy.
upjets: third-person singular simple present indicative of upjet
upfurl: To furl upward.
usured: simple past and past participle of usure
untins: third-person singular simple present indicative of untin
nurled: simple past and past participle of nurl
norths: third-person singular simple present indicative of north
tonify: To increase the available energy of
tonify: To invigorate; to have a restorative effect on.
tonify: To strengthen; to tone.
unsour: To remove the sourness from; to make no longer sour.
litted: simple past and past participle of lit
rereel: To reel again.
set by: To save or put aside
nusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of nuss
nussed: simple past and past participle of nuss
grists: third-person singular simple present indicative of grist
rebeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebed
buwang: Alternative form of buang
oosing: present participle and gerund of oose
outrow: To row faster or better than.
outsin: To surpass in sinning.
okehed: simple past and past participle of okeh
objure: To swear an oath.
leared: simple past and past participle of lear
lissed: simple past and past participle of liss
waites: third-person singular simple present indicative of waite
groved: simple past and past participle of grove
undigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of undig
zanied: simple past and past participle of zany
embars: third-person singular simple present indicative of embar
flowes: third-person singular simple present indicative of flowe
ixnays: third-person singular simple present indicative of ixnay
notted: simple past and past participle of nott
sossle: To make a mess with liquids; to slop.
sossle: To intermingle in a confused heap.
pen up: To enclose (animals) in a pen.
pen up: To enclose as if in a pen.
pen in: To enclose (animals) in a pen.
pen in: To enclose (animals) in a pen.
pen in: To cause to be stuck in a situation; to be forced into a situation by circumstances.
pen in: To schedule; fix a date for.
wharve: to turn, turn over (especially of mown grass).
fly by: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see fly, by.
fly by: To pass or go past quickly, often without much interaction
smoken: To make or become smoked or smoky.
swacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of swack
retyre: To fit (a vehicle) with new tyres.
retyre: Obsolete form of retire. (to withdraw)
taxpay: To pay tax upon.
yirked: simple past and past participle of yirk
cloked: simple past and past participle of cloke
retips: third-person singular simple present indicative of retip
decarb: To decarboxylate.
fumfer: To speak awkwardly or evasively; to dither, waffle.
fumfer: To fiddle or fumble.
unturf: To strip the turf from.
upgird: To support or hold up.
upgirt: simple past and past participle of upgird
derned: simple past and past participle of dern
updrag: To drag up.
up-gun: To equip with additional guns or more powerful guns.
tyeing: present participle and gerund of tye
denail: To remove nails (the fasteners) from.
denail: To remove nails (the body parts) from.
histed: simple past and past participle of hist
humfed: simple past and past participle of humf
jirble: To pour out.
relift: To lift something again.
lay to: To turn towards the wind so that the boat stops; to remain stationary in open water or to lie to.
lay to: To try or to expend effort to achieve (something).
farsed: simple past and past participle of farse
faynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fayne
fayned: simple past and past participle of fayne
fissle: Alternative form of fistle
dogsat: simple past and past participle of dogsit
petsat: simple past and past participle of petsit
pigsat: simple past and past participle of pigsit
pigsit: To babysit (take care of) a guinea pig.
pigsit: To babysit (take care of) a pig.
repick: To pick again.
unskew: To undo a skewing.
go ham: To go "hard as a motherfucker", variously intending
go ham: To work extremely hard.
go ham: To go "hard as a motherfucker", variously intending
go ham: To do an extremely good job.
go ham: To go "hard as a motherfucker", variously intending
go ham: To go crazy.
go ham: To go "hard as a motherfucker", variously intending
go ham: To lose one's temper, especially to rage at someone.
recoal: To load (a ship) with a fresh supply of coal.
recoal: Of a ship: to take on a fresh load of coal.
sweals: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweal
recane: To replace the cane or rattan in (a piece of furniture).
regilt: simple past and past participle of regild
babbed: simple past and past participle of bab
upfold: To fold up.
upfold: To create a raised fold.
upfold: To come together in order to form a whole
lained: simple past and past participle of lain
glosed: simple past and past participle of glose
unwive: To divest of a wife; to divorce (someone) from his wife.
unwive: To cause (a woman) no longer to be a wife.
unruin: To fix or restore something that was previously ruined; to bring back to a whole or functioning state.
yetted: simple past and past participle of yet
descum: To remove the scum from.
PayPal: To transfer (money) to someone via the PayPal system.
PayPal: To transfer money to (someone) via the PayPal system.
ozoned: simple past and past participle of ozone
kluged: simple past and past participle of kluge
unbitt: To remove from the bitts.
blated: simple past and past participle of blate
cudded: simple past and past participle of cud
declog: Synonym of unclog
arring: present participle and gerund of arr.
klomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of klomp
predye: To dye in advance.
steeld: simple past and past participle of steel
stayne: Obsolete form of stain.
reäcts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reäct
hobbel: Alternative form of hobble
dounce: To homogenize by means of a douncer.
scouch: To stoop.
re-nig: Alternative form of renig
prefog: To fog (photographic film) in advance.
unlime: To remove the lime from (hides) as part of the tanning process.
untrim: To remove the trimmings or adornments from.
untrim: To restore the original shape of (a surface that has been trimmed).
TA'ing: present participle and gerund of TA
roosed: simple past and past participle of roose
rooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of roose
behaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of behap
lepaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of lepak
unfire: Hypothetically, to undo the firing of (a weapon).
unfire: To hire again (a person who was fired).
upknit: To knit together; to unite.
humefy: To make moist or liquid.
PDFize: To convert (a file) to PDF format.
keking: present participle and gerund of kek
unends: third-person singular simple present indicative of unend
tweags: third-person singular simple present indicative of tweag
faving: present participle and gerund of fave
faving: present participle and gerund of fav
red-up: Alternative form of redd up
red up: Alternative form of redd up
braird: Of grass or crops: to show their first shoots above ground.
ungays: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungay
torple: To fall headlong; topple
pleaed: simple past and past participle of plea
yarmed: simple past and past participle of yarm
feaked: simple past and past participle of feak (alternative form of feagued).
liging: present participle and gerund of lige
stryde: Obsolete form of stride.
unnumb: To cause not to be numb, to relieve of numbness.
fleaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleak (synonym of flakes)
fleaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleak (synonym of flecks)
de-hex: Alternative form of dehex
sprent: To leap; bound; move quickly; dart
larped: simple past and past participle of larp
chaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of chace
ooping: present participle and gerund of oop
onlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of onlay
decage: To remove from a cage material (especially for drug delivery)
muling: present participle and gerund of mule
clumse: To numb; benumb; stiffen or paralyse with cold or fear
clumse: To be numb or benumbed; be stiffened or paralysed with cold or fear
clumse: To die of thirst
shoahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoah
v-fibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of v-fib
wazzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wazz
sortag: To employ, or to undergo, sortagging.
daudle: Alternative spelling of dawdle
sonify: To map data to sound in order to allow listeners to interpret it in an auditory manner.
sonify: To process by subjecting to sound waves.
sonify: To enhance by adding music or sound effects.
sonify: To compose music or poetry in order to represent in sound.
unrape: Hypothetically, to undo the act of rape; to cause (a person) not to have been raped.
screel: To emit a screel; to screech or skirl.
bowges: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowge
bowged: simple past and past participle of bowge
outjut: To jut outward.
twains: third-person singular simple present indicative of twain
tarres: third-person singular simple present indicative of tarre
wakfed: simple past and past participle of wakf
waqfed: simple past and past participle of waqf
outrig: To stabilize by fitting with an outrigger.
frines: third-person singular simple present indicative of frine
frined: simple past and past participle of frine
unlast: To fail to last.
unlast: To remove (a shoe) from a last.
unbare: To lay bare; to expose.
stears: third-person singular simple present indicative of stear
itemed: simple past and past participle of item
warrey: Alternative form of warray
wondre: Obsolete form of wonder.
scance: To give a cursory examination.
scance: To reflect on; to consider.
scance: To shine.
scance: To take cover in a scance.
limple: To move or walk with a limp; hobble
uprank: To raise or promote in rank.
indraw: To draw in; draw inward
uncled: simple past and past participle of uncle
unmesh: To (cause to) cease to be meshed together.
trayne: Obsolete form of train.
tonked: simple past and past participle of tonk
yealms: third-person singular simple present indicative of yealm
appays: third-person singular simple present indicative of appay
abrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of abray
aggros: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggro
yokked: simple past and past participle of yok
yocked: simple past and past participle of yock
ungzip: To decompress (data previously gzipped).
outjig: To outdance.
outsew: To surpass in sewing; to sew more or better than.
lazoed: simple past and past participle of lazo
stooze: To borrow money at low to no interest for the purpose of making a profit by depositing it for higher interest.
geomap: To create a geomap.
araged: simple past and past participle of arage
duding: present participle and gerund of dude.
rank'd: simple past and past participle of rank
hail'd: simple past and past participle of hail
suck'd: simple past and past participle of suck
fill'd: simple past and past participle of fill
shew'd: simple past and past participle of shew
sway'd: simple past and past participle of sway
lull'd: simple past and past participle of lull
flew'd: simple past and past participle of flew
fann'd: simple past and past participle of fan
pick'd: simple past and past participle of pick
lapp'd: simple past and past participle of lap
toil'd: simple past and past participle of toil
conn'd: simple past and past participle of con
stiled: simple past and past participle of stile
choofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of choof
chuted: simple past and past participle of chute
coosin: Obsolete form of cozen. (to cheat or defraud)
coosen: Obsolete form of cozen. (to cheat or defraud)
coplot: To plot (curves, points, etc.) together.
chammy: Alternative form of shammy
safing: present participle and gerund of safe
diedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of die
owedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of owe
relogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of relog
repile: To pile again; to restack.
thynke: Obsolete spelling of think
skathe: Obsolete spelling of scathe
preche: Obsolete spelling of preach
suffre: Obsolete spelling of suffer
sypher: To lap the chamfered edges of planks to make a smooth surface, as for a bulkhead.
upguns: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgun
oggled: simple past and past participle of oggle
oggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of oggle
preage: To subject (a material) to extreme conditions to simulate the effects of age.
rosest: second-person singular simple past indicative of rise
holloo: Alternative form of halloo
torest: second-person singular simple past indicative of tear
worest: second-person singular simple past indicative of wear
satest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sit
tyring: present participle and gerund of tyre
tarest: second-person singular simple past indicative of tear
keping: present participle and gerund of kepe
saw to: simple past of see to
jipped: simple past and past participle of jip
fappin: Pronunciation spelling of fapping.
blouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloud
clomed: simple past and past participle of clome
floofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of floof
bcc'ed: simple past and past participle of bcc
rec'ed: simple past and past participle of rec
unpass: To undo the passing of; to cause (a law, etc.) not to have been passed.
spreed: simple past and past participle of spree
untaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of untap
unsort: To sort out; to resolve.
unsort: To shuffle a data structure so that it is no longer sorted.
nanced: simple past and past participle of nance
jokin': Pronunciation spelling of joking.
piroot: To whirl around, to wander aimlessly.
piroot: To snoop or prowl
zhoozh: Alternative form of zhoosh
bzzing: present participle and gerund of bzz
wansta: third-person singular simple present indicative of wanna
perken: To make or become perked or perky.
toyled: simple past and past participle of toyle
toyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of toyle
tidder: To treat with tenderness; fondle
debias: To remove bias (from)
inmews: third-person singular simple present indicative of inmew
PDFing: present participle and gerund of PDF
garded: simple past and past participle of gard
enmixt: simple past and past participle of enmix
soyled: simple past and past participle of soyle
assles: third-person singular simple present indicative of assle
assled: simple past and past participle of assle
repops: third-person singular simple present indicative of repop
thwips: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwip
la-las: Alternative form of la-la-s, third-person singular simple present indicative of la-la
towsed: simple past and past participle of towse
towses: third-person singular simple present indicative of towse
towzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of towze
towzed: simple past and past participle of towze
upbend: to bend upwards
unbite: To undo the biting of.
paleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pale
onload: To load onto or upon.
uncups: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncup
GPSing: present participle and gerund of GPS
unball: To release (the fists, etc.) from a balled shape.
unball: To recover one's original shape from a balled stance.
behats: third-person singular simple present indicative of behat
unzoom: zoom out
voyced: simple past and past participle of voyce
unlose: To recover (something lost); to find again.
RSVP'd: simple past and past participle of RSVP
ungrew: simple past of ungrow
ungrow: To reverse the process of growth; to shrink or decrease.
scrans: third-person singular simple present indicative of scran
wissle: Alternative form of wrixle
cuming: present participle and gerund of cume
outarm: To possess or acquire more powerful weapons than one's opponent
dreeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dreep
advize: Obsolete spelling of advise
wingle: To bend or twist; wriggle back and forth.
wingle: To be unsteady on one's feet; to walk with an unsteady gait; wobble; meander.
vada'd: simple past and past participle of vada
cooles: third-person singular simple present indicative of coole
teeped: simple past and past participle of teep
teeked: simple past and past participle of teek
aiking: present participle and gerund of aik
totin': present participle of tote
geg in: To intrude; butt in; be nosy.
voyded: simple past and past participle of voyd
elting: present participle and gerund of elt
gloped: simple past and past participle of glope
glopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of glope
erting: present participle and gerund of ert
upride: to ride up (all senses)
eckled: simple past and past participle of eckle
safens: third-person singular simple present indicative of safen
sireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sire
befals: third-person singular simple present indicative of befal
afaren: past participle of afare
adrawn: past participle of adraw
astood: simple past and past participle of astand
nosies: third-person singular simple present indicative of nosy
Dewitt: To lynch.
milsed: simple past and past participle of milse
Morses: third-person singular simple present indicative of Morse
Morsed: simple past and past participle of Morse
misask: to ask amiss; ask badly, wrongfully, or incorrectly
derank: To inflect into a form that cannot be used in independent declarative clauses.
derank: To strip of rank; demote.
derank: To demote; to give a lower position within a hierarchy.
derank: To lower or remove achievements and skill level.
derank: To lower or remove an official ranking or accreditation.
derank: To lower the status or importance of
squirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of squir
LARTed: simple past and past participle of LART
sizzed: simple past and past participle of sizz
befies: third-person singular simple present indicative of befie
befied: simple past and past participle of befie
remows: third-person singular simple present indicative of remow
reblit: To blit again.
adured: simple past and past participle of adure
sizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sizz
execed: simple past and past participle of exec
joling: present participle and gerund of jol
pyxing: present participle and gerund of pyx
milses: third-person singular simple present indicative of milse
bebays: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebay
coolen: To make or become cool.
dwaled: simple past and past participle of dwale
rewled: simple past and past participle of rewle
rewles: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewle
lookes: third-person singular simple present indicative of looke
pæaned: simple past and past participle of pæan (archaic spelling of paeaned).
unwrie: to uncover
unwray: to uncover
hoting: present participle and gerund of hote
girled: simple past and past participle of girl
delime: Synonym of unlime (“remove lime from hides”)
nammus: Alternative spelling of namous
nommus: Alternative spelling of namous
thoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of thoil
namous: To run away; to leave; to depart.
acrase: Alternative form of acraze
atends: third-person singular simple present indicative of atend
sprink: To sprinkle; splash
unrail: To remove the rail or railings from.
unrail: To derail.
monked: simple past and past participle of monk
uncure: To undo the effects of curing; return (something) to an untreated state
GPLing: present participle and gerund of GPL
ravin': Pronunciation spelling of raving.
unache: To relieve from pain; soothe
livin': Pronunciation spelling of living.
QSOing: present participle and gerund of QSO
lissen: Eye dialect spelling of listen.
chived: simple past and past participle of chive
gayify: To make a person or society gay; to queerify.
Tinder: To use the dating application Tinder.
inknit: Alternative form of enknit
enknit: To knit in; intwine; (by extension) to interweave
evulge: To promulgate or spread abroad.
olfact: To smell.
yuking: present participle and gerund of yuke
barmed: simple past and past participle of barm
unperk: To make (someone) less lively or enthusiastic.
unperk: To become less lively or enthusiastic.
noteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of note
shewes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shewe
zippos: third-person singular simple present indicative of zippo
do ill: To harm, to injure.
seemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of seeme
sublux: Synonym of subluxate: to partially dislocate or displace.
ingrew: simple past of ingrow
wailes: third-person singular simple present indicative of waile
bedogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedog
kriged: simple past and past participle of krige
noclip: To navigate through a game environment with collisions disabled, so as to be able to pass through solid walls, etc.
walded: simple past and past participle of wald
pretin: Alternative form of pre-tin
bewins: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewin
reslot: To slot back into place.
reslot: To assign to a different slot, such as a time slot.
remews: third-person singular simple present indicative of remew
beblew: simple past of beblow
bedrew: simple past of bedraw
beflew: simple past of befly
uncare: To cease from caring
helpes: third-person singular simple present indicative of helpe
jawned: simple past and past participle of jawn
denuke: Short for denuclearize.
outdin: To din more loudly than, make a louder noise than (someone or something).
ehhing: present participle and gerund of ehh
sno-go: To travel by snowmobile.
hoddle: To waddle.
unnuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnun
unwebs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unweb
unwipe: To undelete; to restore (data, files, etc.) previously wiped.
pussed: simple past and past participle of pus
unwigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwig
bewore: simple past of beware
zotzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zotz
deemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deeme
whoaed: simple past and past participle of whoa
jabble: To splash.
floted: simple past and past participle of flote
bedags: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedag
querks: third-person singular simple present indicative of querk
gowked: simple past and past participle of gowk
upbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbar
noying: present participle and gerund of noy
reests: third-person singular simple present indicative of reest
roting: present participle and gerund of rote
jedged: simple past and past participle of jedge
Japped: simple past and past participle of Jap
japped: simple past and past participle of jap
swunny: swear (in the phrase I'll swunny or I swunny, expressing wonderment)
kerved: simple past and past participle of kerve
kerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of kerve
Borked: simple past and past participle of Bork. (Alternative letter-case form of borked.)
delams: present of delam
rossed: simple past and past participle of ross
curted: simple past and past participle of curt
mirked: simple past and past participle of mirk
dolted: simple past and past participle of dolt
tivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tiver
vauted: simple past and past participle of vaut
flimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of flimp
sammed: simple past and past participle of sam
bawded: simple past and past participle of bawd
nidges: third-person singular simple present indicative of nidge
afared: simple past and past participle of afare
nidged: simple past and past participle of nidge
roggle: To shake.
paktor: To go out on a date with someone whom one is romantically involved with.
sarved: simple past and past participle of sarve
sarves: third-person singular simple present indicative of sarve
adreed: simple past and past participle of adree
bow to: To subserviently adhere to (a tradition, etc.).
isekai: To transport into an alternate world.
oncame: simple past of oncome
alloos: third-person singular simple present indicative of alloo
skoals: third-person singular simple present indicative of skoal
orging: present participle and gerund of orge
go nap: In the game of napoleon, to declare all five tricks success, rewarded by double payment all round.
avaled: simple past and past participle of avale
disced: simple past and past participle of disc
dancin: Pronunciation spelling of dancing.
concat: To concatenate.
regets: third-person singular simple present indicative of reget
gipsey: Archaic form of gypsy.
infell: simple past of infall
bleeve: Pronunciation spelling of believe.
blives: third-person singular simple present indicative of blive
areads: third-person singular simple present indicative of aread
bedips: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedip
bedaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedaw
adraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of adraw
aminds: third-person singular simple present indicative of amind
atenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atene
atrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of atray
enewed: simple past and past participle of enew
insees: third-person singular simple present indicative of insee
besays: third-person singular simple present indicative of besay
chelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of chelp
hobjob: To carry out odd jobs.
tolter: To flounder about.
rizzle: To creep, as ivy.
bewags: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewag
becuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of becut
behews: third-person singular simple present indicative of behew
bebars: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebar
bekens: third-person singular simple present indicative of beken
behues: third-person singular simple present indicative of behue
bemans: third-person singular simple present indicative of beman
befoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of befoe
besows: third-person singular simple present indicative of besow
bemows: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemow
betags: third-person singular simple present indicative of betag
beties: third-person singular simple present indicative of betie
betows: third-person singular simple present indicative of betow
begabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of begab
bemars: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemar
beweds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewed
belaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of belap
betops: third-person singular simple present indicative of betop
benims: third-person singular simple present indicative of benim
besews: third-person singular simple present indicative of besew
atrins: third-person singular simple present indicative of atrin
atrens: third-person singular simple present indicative of atren
atgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atgo
atsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of atsit
slikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of slike
nakens: third-person singular simple present indicative of naken
scoved: simple past and past participle of scove
scoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of scove
rogged: simple past and past participle of rog
moffle: To do something clumsily.
wantum: To want.
gurled: simple past and past participle of gurl
suaged: simple past and past participle of suage
unsave: To undo an act of saving; to erase.
deperm: To degauss or demagnetize; especially, to degauss a ship by dragging a large powered electrical cable along its side.
hained: simple past and past participle of hain
boyled: simple past and past participle of boyle
boyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of boyle
skears: third-person singular simple present indicative of skear
reasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reast
stroak: Obsolete spelling of stroke
drants: third-person singular simple present indicative of drant
accrew: Archaic form of accrue.
refoot: To supply with a new foot.
rebuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebud
Ubered: simple past and past participle of Uber
gracen: To add grace (to); make graceful; to grace
peacen: To make peaceful; calm; quieten
cruden: To make crude
spicen: To make spicy, or to spice
rejoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejoy
hotten: To make hot
heaten: To increase in heat; make or become hotter
badden: To become or make bad (all senses).
buists: third-person singular simple present indicative of buist
cutens: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuten
greyen: To make or become grey
grayen: Alternative form of greyen
poshen: To make or become posh, to posh up
lushen: To make or become lush or luscious
CTCing: present participle and gerund of CTC
sitted: Misspelling of seated.
gaunch: Alternative form of ganch (“to impale”)
torify: To convert to Tory politics.
temsed: simple past and past participle of temse
gledge: To squint; to look cunningly.
figgle: To fidget about; wriggle
figgle: To potter about seeking a living
deared: simple past and past participle of dear
seazed: simple past and past participle of seaze
seazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of seaze
rehead: To supply with a new head or a new heading.
spelds: third-person singular simple present indicative of speld
expent: simple past and past participle of expend
e-file: To file (a lawsuit, a patent application, etc.) by means of computer technology.
stight: to found; establish; set
defrog: To rid of frogs.
strubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of strub
rehair: To renew the hair of the bow of a bowed string instrument.
babyfy: Alternative form of babify
simped: simple past and past participle of simp
besigh: To sigh over.
rewood: To plant with woods again; to reforest.
adrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of adree
derays: third-person singular simple present indicative of deray
bluens: third-person singular simple present indicative of bluen
meming: present participle and gerund of meme
denets: third-person singular simple present indicative of denet
hakaed: simple past and past participle of haka.
skidoo: to depart, especially to depart quickly
skidoo: a nonsense word, often an expression of disrespect
skidoo: To drive or ride on a snowmobile
unfuel: To remove fuel from.
re-add: Alternative spelling of readd
hodled: simple past and past participle of hodl
rebail: To bail again.
spyhop: To raise the front half of the body out of the sea in a controlled manner.
dormed: simple past and past participle of dorm
gulfed: simple past and past participle of gulf
exemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of exeme
exemed: simple past and past participle of exeme
BLASTs: third-person singular simple present indicative of BLAST
use to: Infinitive or present tense form of used to: formerly (and habitually or repeatedly) be accustomed to.
use to: Synonym of used to
use to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see use, to.
mained: simple past and past participle of main
derobe: To disrobe; undress; divest of clothing or status.
flurrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of flurr
endin': Pronunciation spelling of ending.
recirc: Clipping of recirculate.
unguts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungut
chirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirl
empart: Archaic form of impart.
uneats: third-person singular simple present indicative of uneat
sweded: simple past and past participle of swede
mistie: To tie incorrectly.
misate: simple past of miseat
miseat: To eat badly or wrongly; to make poor dietary choices.
redigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of redig
unshat: simple past and past participle of unshit
unshit: To retract an act of defecation.
unshit: To make a product or situation better.
lovin': Pronunciation spelling of loving.
sitski: To use a sit-ski.
saxing: present participle and gerund of sax
puring: present participle and gerund of pure
renods: third-person singular simple present indicative of renod
cowped: simple past and past participle of cowp
mowin': Pronunciation spelling of mowing.
beknew: simple past of beknow
me-too: Alternative form of me too (“to agree”)
genoed: simple past and past participle of geno
bebork: simple past of bebark
bebled: simple past and past participle of bebleed
end in: To have at the ending; to have as its termination.
Hanned: simple past and past participle of Hann
bag up: To put into a bag.
bag up: To laugh heartily; crack up.
fudgel: To pretend to work when in reality one is not doing anything.
co-bed: To share a bed with a sibling, especially a twin.
rejump: To jump again.
byhove: To suit; to befit.
cotest: To test (a drug, etc.) together with something else.
daidle: To saunter.
daidle: To daddle; totter; move unsteadily.
daidle: To draggle.
slance: To steal; to pinch.
setnet: Alternative form of set net
nunate: To add nunation to (a word).
heired: simple past and past participle of heir
thrink: Pronunciation spelling of drink
savin': Pronunciation spelling of saving.
elfing: present participle and gerund of elf
norsel: To use or affix by norsel.
Kondos: third-person singular simple present indicative of Kondo
DVRing: present participle and gerund of DVR
fakied: simple past and past participle of fakie
dualed: simple past and past participle of dual
outfib: To surpass in fibbing; to outlie.
blurrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of blurr
reemed: simple past and past participle of reem
revows: third-person singular simple present indicative of revow
defuel: To remove the fuel from.
dekink: To remove kinks from.
moists: third-person singular simple present indicative of moist
mistry: To declare a mistrial in (a court case).
fur up: To become furry
upfits: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfit
deload: To reduce the intensity of one's physical training, as a short recovery period.
whanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of whank
aviews: third-person singular simple present indicative of aview
enioys: third-person singular simple present indicative of enioy
blowes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blowe
encurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of encur
failes: third-person singular simple present indicative of faile
uncoin: To deprive (metallic money) of its status as legal tender.
stults: third-person singular simple present indicative of stult
use it: To use the restroom.
use it: To defecate or urinate, regardless of whether one is in a restroom.
asport: To take and move to a certain other place, to carry away.
conded: simple past and past participle of cond
bulken: To put on bulk; become bulky
hooraw: To make loud noises at, such as when driving horses or cattle.
hooraw: To loudly and publicly celebrate or express support for someone or something.
hooraw: To fool; to trick.
hooraw: To make fun of.
trache: To fit (a patient) with a tracheostomy tube.
slowen: To make or become slow
unpave: To remove the paving (especially in the form of paving stones, etc) from (a street); to cause to no longer be paved.
RIFing: present participle and gerund of RIF
sliked: simple past and past participle of slike
atshot: simple past and past participle of atshoot
bleved: simple past and past participle of bleve
cockey: Alternative spelling of cocky
snowgo: To travel by snowgo.
harkee: animate imperative of hark; usually used figuratively or as an interjection.
tippex: Alternative letter-case form of Tippex
scoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoon
anorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of anorn
arears: third-person singular simple present indicative of arear
beflag: To decorate with a flag or flags; to hang a flag or flags on.
snives: third-person singular simple present indicative of snive
intook: simple past of intake
swaped: simple past and past participle of swape
minxed: simple past and past participle of minx
deafed: simple past and past participle of deaf
retone: To tone again.
vinews: third-person singular simple present indicative of vinew
yeeted: simple past and past participle of yeet
glinse: Alternative form of glimpse
excurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of excur
galped: simple past and past participle of galp
gollar: To scold or speak loudly.
besuit: To be fitting or appropriate; befit; suit
weests: third-person singular simple present indicative of weest
crawed: simple past and past participle of craw
finsta: African-American Vernacular and Southern US form of fixing to: used to express a desire or future action.
snapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snape
bapped: simple past and past participle of bap
voring: present participle and gerund of vore
outsum: To exceed in number or quantity.
outsum: To exceed in total; outweigh
tabefy: To emaciate.
tabefy: To waste away.
welked: simple past and past participle of welk
beglue: To smear with glue; (by extension) to stick,
phancy: Obsolete form of fancy.
tafted: simple past and past participle of taft
lyming: present participle and gerund of lyme
perted: simple past and past participle of pert
preeve: Obsolete form of prove.
excell: Misspelling of excel.
darved: simple past of darf
gouted: simple past and past participle of gout
lerped: simple past and past participle of lerp
minned: simple past and past participle of min
crufts: third-person singular simple present indicative of cruft
rekill: To kill again.
precue: To supply a precue
easens: third-person singular simple present indicative of easen
spaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of spaff
refeel: To feel again.
newsed: simple past and past participle of news
hedn't: Pronunciation spelling of hadn't, representing dialectal English.
hevn't: Pronunciation spelling of haven't, representing dialectal English.
ar'n't: Pronunciation spelling of aren't.
hesn't: Pronunciation spelling of hasn't, representing dialectal English.
heving: Pronunciation spelling of having, representing dialectal English.
yumped: simple past and past participle of yump
ayming: present participle and gerund of ayme
reaims: third-person singular simple present indicative of reaim
scrawm: To tear or scratch.
dazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dazen
cieled: simple past and past participle of ciel
stemed: simple past and past participle of steme
stemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of steme
cosing: present participle and gerund of cose
spaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of spave
spaved: simple past and past participle of spave
jelqed: simple past and past participle of jelq
aneals: third-person singular simple present indicative of aneal
renigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of renig
palens: third-person singular simple present indicative of palen
feases: third-person singular simple present indicative of fease
f*cked: simple past and past participle of f*ck
carled: simple past and past participle of carl
agoin': Pronunciation spelling of agoing.
coured: simple past and past participle of coure
dearms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dearm
fix to: To prepare to or intend to; to have the intent to do something.
ran at: simple past of run at
got at: simple past of get at
got at: past participle of get at
set to: To begin something with determination; to commence a long and difficult task or project.
boshed: simple past and past participle of bosh
unhugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhug
yegged: simple past and past participle of yegg
mudden: To make or become muddy or muddied
dirten: To make or become dirty or soiled
excyst: To undergo excystation.
smouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of smout
blenks: third-person singular simple present indicative of blenk
ab off: To abseil down a mountain.
pogged: simple past and past participle of pog
yak on: Alternative spelling of yack on
acoyed: simple past and past participle of acoy
toputs: third-person singular simple present indicative of toput
wuzzle: To jumble or confuse.
hishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hish
hished: simple past and past participle of hish
disway: Eggcorn of dissuade.
ashens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ashen
delids: third-person singular simple present indicative of delid
molden: To become covered with mold; become moldy
JFKing: present participle and gerund of JFK
atwent: simple past of atgo
atgone: past participle of atgo
retars: third-person singular simple present indicative of retar
crazen: To make or become crazed or crazy
niffer: To barter.
gunate: To lengthen the simple vowel a, i, u, or ṛ by prefixing an a element.
embosk: to hide or conceal in leaves
scaith: To injure; to wound.
thraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrap
mossen: To become covered with moss; become mossy
deseal: to remove sealant.
deseal: to reverse a seal.
dename: To remove the name from.
skuing: present participle and gerund of skue
okered: simple past and past participle of oker
snurfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of snurf
thwops: third-person singular simple present indicative of thwop
thocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thock
dibses: third-person singular simple present indicative of dibs
T pose: Alternative form of T-pose
T-pose: To stand rigidly with one's arms held out horizontally at shoulder height and parallel to the ground.
repods: third-person singular simple present indicative of repod
Baidus: third-person singular simple present indicative of Baidu
cleers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleer
bronch: To subject to a bronchoscopy.
clying: present participle and gerund of cly
prerig: To set up (equipment) in advance.
cowash: To wash the hair with conditioner only, without the use of shampoo.
mabbed: simple past and past participle of mab
tolted: simple past and past participle of tolt
tacoed: simple past and past participle of taco
rusing: present participle and gerund of ruse
bowcat: To perform cunnilingus.
resung: past participle of resing
resang: simple past of resing
belady: To promote to the status of lady.
arsled: simple past and past participle of arsle
PCRing: present participle and gerund of PCR
metoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of metoo
todded: simple past and past participle of tod
mensed: simple past and past participle of mense
hugens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hugen
kelked: simple past and past participle of kelk
grumph: To make a grunting sound.
mozies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mozy
hazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hazen
lazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lazen
lirted: simple past and past participle of lirt
shivvy: Alternative form of chivvy
soapen: To make soapy; apply soap to; lather up
clauts: third-person singular simple present indicative of claut
vising: present participle and gerund of vise
dadded: simple past and past participle of dad
babbit: Nonstandard spelling of babbitt.
untalk: To cease to transmit signals.
crools: third-person singular simple present indicative of crool
hulloo: Alternative form of halloo
unedit: To release a file that was being edited, without saving any changes that were made.
scoted: simple past and past participle of scote
scotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scote
hushen: To make hushed or quiet; quieten
daften: To make or become daft.
sanify: To make healthy.
rouled: simple past and past participle of roule
creesh: To grease.
loting: present participle and gerund of lote
LJBFed: simple past and past participle of LJBF
yoting: present participle and gerund of yote
icened: simple past and past participle of icen
GOTOed: simple past and past participle of GOTO
rebush: To furnish with a new bush or lining.
oddjob: Alternative form of odd-job
hoords: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoord
hawsed: simple past and past participle of hawse
farbed: simple past and past participle of farb
savvey: Dated form of savvy.
routle: Alternative form of rootle
teered: simple past and past participle of teer
skries: third-person singular simple present indicative of skry
skried: simple past and past participle of skry
shaden: To make or become shaded or shady.
refans: third-person singular simple present indicative of refan
runkle: To wrinkle or crease.
reearn: To earn back something one has lost.
reearn: To repeat the process of earning; to renew one's status as deserving.
sudsed: simple past and past participle of suds
sudses: third-person singular simple present indicative of suds
reuned: simple past and past participle of reune
reunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reune
kented: simple past and past participle of kent
elixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of elix
inship: To put aboard a ship.
inship: Alternative form of enship (“to travel or send by ship”)
inship: To ship in from abroad; to import.
xposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of xpost
loaths: third-person singular simple present indicative of loath
dading: present participle and gerund of dade
onlent: simple past and past participle of onlend
onlend: To loan out something that has been borrowed.
onloan: Alternative form of on-loan
unfogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfog
uncomb: To reverse the effect of combing; to muss.
uncomb: To remove a backcomb from.
uncomb: To comb out; to disentangle.
ziptie: Alternative form of zip tie
resips: third-person singular simple present indicative of resip
upwing: To fly upward, on or as if on wings.
unweed: To remove weeds from; to weed.
reweed: To weed again.
defish: To process an image taken with a fisheye lens so as to remove the distortion.
diched: simple past and past participle of dich
diches: third-person singular simple present indicative of dich
habble: To perplex.
habble: To stutter or stammer.
debind: To remove binders (organic or other binding substances) from (something metal).
demaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of demap
sodder: To solder.
scramp: To catch at; to snatch.
scramb: To scratch (something) with claws or fingernails; to claw, to scram.
scramb: To pull down or rip off (something) with force.
scramb: To scrape (something) together with the hands.
eartip: To remove the tip of a cat's ear, in order to indicate that the cat has been fixed.
degear: To reduce one's debt by selling off assets, especially those that were acquired with borrowed money.
degear: To calculate the net value of assets after removing both debt and the projected cost of interest on borrowed capital.
degear: To remove one's gear (special equipment).
degear: To remove or disable the gears (transmission or interlocking gears).
upgear: To shift to a higher gear
upgear: To shift to a higher level or standard; upgrade
upgear: To move to an elevated level of activity, performance, or intensity
outpay: To pay more than (someone).
saxify: To turn to rock or stone
SCRAMs: third-person singular simple present indicative of SCRAM
offgas: Alternative form of off-gas
unreps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrep
upswam: simple past of upswim
upswum: past participle of upswim
wownds: third-person singular simple present indicative of wownd
upswim: To swim up or upward.
broast: To fry (chicken or other food) in oil under pressure.
asisst: Misspelling of assist.
rooled: simple past and past participle of rool
greete: Obsolete form of greet.
upflew: simple past of upfly
waying: present participle and gerund of way
defoil: To defile or despoil.
decoat: To remove a coating from
D/Ling: present participle and gerund of D/L
fwding: present participle and gerund of fwd
unjars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjar
outwar: To surpass or defeat in warfare.
yogied: simple past and past participle of yogi
Hanize: To make more like the Han Chinese culture or language
poysed: simple past and past participle of poyse
poyses: third-person singular simple present indicative of poyse
poynts: third-person singular simple present indicative of poynt
woozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wooze
woozed: simple past and past participle of wooze
uggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of uggle
uggled: simple past and past participle of uggle
amands: third-person singular simple present indicative of amand
unsash: To untie the sash that holds an article of clothing.
unsash: To remove or release a sash from.
unsash: To open a sash.
niffle: To pilfer.
rubefy: to make red
onlaid: simple past and past participle of onlay
rerole: To assign a new role to.
stouks: third-person singular simple present indicative of stouk
snothe: simple past of snithe
deflox: To remove a DNA sequence from between two recombinase binding sequences such as "loxP"
upsuck: To suck upward.
de-ess: to reduce the loudness of sibilants in an audio recording
unflip: To right or restore from a flipped or inverted state.
belash: To strike or flog with a lash; take a lash to
danton: To daunt; to subdue.
404ing: present participle and gerund of 404
devall: To cease.
guised: simple past and past participle of guise
prov'd: simple past and past participle of prove
pour'd: simple past and past participle of pour
walk'd: simple past and past participle of walk
rais'd: simple past and past participle of raise
seiz'd: simple past and past participle of seize
pull'd: simple past and past participle of pull
ensews: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensew
enjamb: To carry a sentence over to the next line without a pause.
encalm: To make calm; to calm down.
shulde: Obsolete spelling of should
floush: Alternative form of flouse (“to splash”)
skyted: simple past and past participle of skyte
skytes: third-person singular simple present indicative of skyte
detwin: To deform so that it is no longer twinned.
sooten: To cover with soot; make sooty
oldify: To cause to appear older.
hearks: third-person singular simple present indicative of heark
oddify: To cause to appear strange.
oddify: To make odd (not even).
befled: simple past and past participle of beflee
joyens: third-person singular simple present indicative of joyen
amplex: To engage in amplexus.
rancks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ranck
scarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of scart
detick: to remove ticks (parasitic arachnids) from
befilm: To cover with a film.
DNAing: present participle and gerund of DNA
dwalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwalm
submix: To mix sounds from several instruments of the same type, prior to mixing them with further elements of the soundtrack.
upcuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcut
laited: simple past and past participle of lait
shmirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of shmir
unsang: simple past of unsing
unsing: To take back something sung; to undo the singing of.
unbids: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbid
uncolt: To unhorse; to deprive of a colt or horse.
pearce: Obsolete form of pierce.
peized: simple past and past participle of peize
peizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of peize
uncans: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncan
arbing: present participle and gerund of arb
entyse: Obsolete spelling of entice
durste: Alternative spelling of durst
wonged: simple past and past participle of wong
jayran: simple past of jayrun
jayrun: To violate pedestrian traffic regulations by rapidly crossing a street away from a designated crossing; to run in the part of the street intended for vehicles.
deagle: To shoot with a Desert Eagle.
astone: To astonish.
moered: simple past and past participle of moer
repane: To replace the panes of.
sonned: simple past and past participle of son
benday: To use the Ben Day printing and photoengraving technique.
imshee: go away
inwind: To wind inward.
unmess: To tidy up (a mess).
unmess: To resolve (a problematic situation).
ongoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ongo
cry on: To call on; to invoke.
crimed: simple past and past participle of crime
enship: To put aboard a ship.
enship: To travel or send by ship.
whilly: To cajole.
bealed: simple past and past participle of beal
pozzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of poz
dug in: simple past and past participle of dig in
miched: simple past and past participle of mich
waffed: simple past and past participle of waff
waughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of waugh
rabate: Archaic form of rebate.
DFLing: present participle and gerund of DFL
naking: present participle and gerund of nake
kepoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kepo
kepoed: simple past and past participle of kepo
decars: third-person singular simple present indicative of decar
abbing: present participle and gerund of ab
queals: third-person singular simple present indicative of queal
lithen: To make lithe, soften; to ease, mitigate
lithen: To thicken a broth or gravy with a thickening agent (e.g. flour, oatmeal, etc.)
infeff: Obsolete form of enfeoff.
endews: third-person singular simple present indicative of endew
stilps: third-person singular simple present indicative of stilp
overed: simple past and past participle of over
enmind: To bring to mind; to perceive or envision consciously.
rerock: To bring newly into shape.
rerock: Said specially of cocaine, to cook to cut it then into rocks.
rerock: To bring newly into shape.
rerock: Said about a garment, to rewear it with a different outfit, to rock it again.
dulced: simple past and past participle of dulce
depped: simple past and past participle of dep
bad up: To badmouth; criticise or malign
erging: present participle and gerund of erg
giggit: To convey or move rapidly.
piffed: simple past and past participle of piff
descan: To reverse the path of emission from a specimen to the sensor in a microscope scan.
sueded: simple past and past participle of suede
unkilt: To loosen (a skirt) so that it is no longer gathered up around the body.
pop on: To turn on.
yotten: past participle of yet
lalled: simple past and past participle of lall
easify: To make easy.
deages: third-person singular simple present indicative of deage
deaged: simple past and past participle of deage
encoat: To furnish with a coating
derigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of derig
feased: simple past and past participle of fease
Clorox: To sanitize with chemicals; to remove dirt from a place or object by means of chemicals.
reperk: To percolate (coffee) again.
decyst: To remove cysts, typically from the skin
hem up: To restrain (a person) by grabbing their collar.
hem up: To arrest or lock up.
crinch: To grind the teeth, crunch
crinch: Alternative form of cringe
detrap: To remove traps from.
sun up: to sunbathe; to soak up the sun
sun up: to become sunny or sunnier
amp up: To amplify; to increase the power, interest, intensity, volume, etc. of (something).
amp up: To excite; to arouse.
darked: simple past and past participle of dark
appled: simple past and past participle of apple
gnarrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnarr
giroed: simple past and past participle of giro
pirned: simple past and past participle of pirn
sowmed: simple past and past participle of sowm
soumed: simple past and past participle of soum
fêting: present participle and gerund of fête
regrab: To grab again.
dauner: Alternative form of daunder (“stroll”)
bareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bare
roding: present participle and gerund of rode
cheups: Alternative form of steups
kevork: To commit suicide.
kevork: To terminate.
nitted: simple past and past participle of nit
smouse: Alternative form of smous
predub: To mix audio tracks such as dialog, music, and sound effects as a preliminary step, which does not include all the tracks in the final soundtrack.
prelay: To record music and other sound elements at the correct time code locations on a master format without regard to final levels and mixing.
recups: third-person singular simple present indicative of recup
kebbed: simple past and past participle of keb
defurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of defur
empted: simple past and past participle of empt
undean: To deprive of the office or dignity of a dean.
unheal: Alternative form of unhele
taulke: Obsolete spelling of talk
kid on: To trick or deceive deliberately; to play a prank on.
rag on: To ridicule, to make fun of (someone).
sofaed: simple past and past participle of sofa
redams: third-person singular simple present indicative of redam
sprued: simple past and past participle of sprue
tumbed: simple past and past participle of tumb
lessed: simple past and past participle of less
hydden: past participle of hyde
hyding: present participle and gerund of hyde
rieved: simple past and past participle of rieve
rieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of rieve
tauted: simple past and past participle of taut
reworn: past participle of rewear
rewear: To wear again.
rewore: simple past of rewear
blodge: To splat; to hit a surface and deform into a blodge.
blodge: To mark with blodges.
unfuse: To separate before a fusion; to make no longer fused.
rileks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rilek
lewded: simple past and past participle of lewd
upface: To turn face-up.
foofed: simple past and past participle of foof
leesed: simple past and past participle of leese
tit up: To fondle or grope the breasts of.
reperm: To perm (the hair) again.
wuffed: simple past and past participle of wuff
untype: To erase text that has been typed.
untype: To overcome or avoid the usual typecasting of.
outseg: To outsegregate.
omming: present participle and gerund of om
onwent: simple past of ongo
ongone: past participle of ongo
'tends: third-person singular simple present indicative of 'tend
re-man: Alternative form of reman
rutsch: Alternative form of rutch (“squirm”)
rootch: Alternative form of rutch (“slide”)
rootch: Alternative form of rutch (“squirm, move around”)
rootch: To root or rummage around (in search of something).
yabble: To vocalize in a meaningless or incomprehensible manner.
yabble: To talk excessively; to babble.
halped: simple past and past participle of halp
sarded: simple past and past participle of sard
kikied: simple past and past participle of kiki
ooched: simple past and past participle of ooch
ooches: third-person singular simple present indicative of ooch
cityfy: Alternative form of citify
graple: Obsolete form of grapple.
fonted: simple past and past participle of font
detack: To remove the tack (harness, reins, saddle etc.) from a horse.
Maoise: Alternative form of Maoize
Maoize: To bring under the political control of Mao Zedong.
Maoize: To cause to conform to the ideology of Mao Zedong and his Cultural Revolution.
unback: To remove the back or backing from (something).
unback: To deprive (a horse) of its rider.
indify: Change a particular functionality to use invokedynamic calls.
redlit: simple past and past participle of redlight
gronks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gronk
redeny: To deny again.
pacted: simple past and past participle of pact
cap up: To divide (a drug) into capsules.
thrump: To cause a thrump.
inblew: simple past of inblow
RTUing: present participle and gerund of RTU
detank: To empty (some substance) from a tank.
detank: To empty (a vehicle or equipment, or its tanks).
destat: To encourage or harass statutory tenants into leaving (a building) so that it can be rented under less favourable terms.
wemble: To upend or topple.
contr.: Abbreviation of contrast.
class.: Abbreviation of classify.
wrackt: simple past and past participle of wrack
repads: third-person singular simple present indicative of repad
sadded: simple past and past participle of sad
renumb: To numb again.
essing: present participle and gerund of ess
yadder: To babble; to talk or vocalize about trivialities.
yadder: To brace or reinforce with a yadder.
roneos: third-person singular simple present indicative of roneo
TiVoed: simple past and past participle of TiVo
oozled: simple past and past participle of oozle
oozles: third-person singular simple present indicative of oozle
sojurn: Misspelling of sojourn.
troons: third-person singular simple present indicative of troon
sinofy: Synonym of sinicize
sojorn: Misspelling of sojourn.
Rogets: third-person singular simple present indicative of Roget
WeChat: To use the app WeChat; to use the app WeChat to contact (someone).
TikTok: To upload a video of something to TikTok.
TikTok: To search for and view on TikTok.
snarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of snart
slerps: third-person singular simple present indicative of slerp
SLERPs: third-person singular simple present indicative of SLERP
relane: To divide (a road) into lanes again or differently.
fleaed: simple past and past participle of flea
deslot: To remove from a slot of any kind.
MRIing: present participle and gerund of MRI
pin on: To place the blame for (something) on (someone), especially unjustly.
unpalm: To remove from the palm of the hand.
repalm: To palm again.
cabosh: To put the cabosh on.
boa'ds: third-person singular simple present indicative of boa'd
jushed: simple past and past participle of jush
jushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of jush
kackle: Alternative form of keckle
kackle: To make a kackle while jerking the head, signalling appeasement.
kackle: Alternative form of cackle
shrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of shram
ekeing: present participle and gerund of eke
naggle: To toss the head or cause to toss the head.
naggle: To niggle; to irritate or bother continually or repeatedly.
naggle: To haggle; to negotiate argumentatively.
naggle: To nag, carp, or quarrel.
naggle: To harass or scold.
naggle: To make many minor adjustments to; to fiddle with.
naggle: To claw or dig away.
unpart: To remove a parting from (the hair).
remoor: To moor again.
untree: to remove trees
buangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of buang
unhoof: To remove the hooves from.
appuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of appuy
requiz: To quiz or interrogate again.
fistle: To rustle; to make a slight rustling (or whistling sound).
unnuke: To reverse an act of nuking; to unerase, to undelete.
Zoomed: simple past and past participle of Zoom
depins: third-person singular simple present indicative of depin
OOPing: present participle and gerund of OOP
spleef: An accidental raspberry when smoking a joint.
spleef: Sexual action resulting in a sound resembling a raspberry.
spleef: To play the Minecraft game of "Spleef", in which players try to knock blocks out from beneath other players in order to be the last player standing.
bespue: Alternative spelling of bespew
rurned: simple past and past participle of rurn
dx'ing: present participle and gerund of dx
misbox: To put in the wrong box.
misbox: To sort (mail) incorrectly.
unfave: Synonym of unfavorite
stooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoom
gut up: To show courage and hide one's apprehension.
coname: To give (something) a secondary name.
deplex: To separate and isolate the individual signals in a multiplex stream
doiter: To be old and infirm; to tremble in movement or ramble in speech, as in old age.
staies: Obsolete spelling of stays
dirged: simple past and past participle of dirge
unyard: To move (stock) out of a yard.
relevy: To levy again.
brucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bruck
preing: present participle and gerund of pre
unclap: To remove (one's hand clapped over one's mouth, or similar).
unmats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmat
demats: third-person singular simple present indicative of demat
werrit: To worry needlessly over trivial things, often aloud and in a repetitive manner.
dehead: To remove the head (from).
dehubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehub
untape: To detach the adhesive tape from.
unkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of unken
Patels: third-person singular simple present indicative of Patel
smirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of smirt
remown: past participle of remow
demods: third-person singular simple present indicative of demod
Xboxed: simple past and past participle of Xbox
dehost: To cause (a website etc.) to lose connection with its host.
dehost: To separate (a CRS or GDS) from the internal reservation system of an airline.
uncrop: To undo the cropping of (an image).
enrail: To enclose with a rail or railings.
mudged: simple past and past participle of mudge
mudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of mudge
scraze: To graze (a body part).
impled: simple past and past participle of implead
sleers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleer
fscked: simple past and past participle of fsck
crowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of crowl
juwaub: To refuse or rebuff.
debuds: third-person singular simple present indicative of debud
yerded: simple past and past participle of yerd
desnow: To remove the snow from (an image).
bubbed: simple past and past participle of bub
degate: To remove excess material after casting a mold.
thonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of thonk
ran in: simple past of run in
re-dip: Alternative spelling of redip
re-tip: Alternative spelling of retip
RDMing: present participle and gerund of RDM
OK'ing: present participle and gerund of OK
gyrify: To undergo gyrification
autoed: simple past and past participle of auto
emplot: To place an event in the context of a plot or story-line to make a narrative.
unname: To cease to name; to deprive (someone or something) of their name.
popify: To convert into a popular form; to adapt to the norms of pop music; to make poppy.
shhing: present participle and gerund of shh
beynge: Obsolete spelling of being
datafy: To put into data format
fidded: simple past and past participle of fid
unfail: To undo or reverse the failure of; to return to an unfailed state.
unrake: To rake back (the ashes or embers of a fire).
farred: simple past and past participle of far
proned: past of prone
prones: present of prone
demade: simple past and past participle of demake
faxxed: simple past and past participle of fax
faxxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fax
ink in: to fill in or write in using a pen
ink in: to schedule in a calendar
ink in: to sign a document to hire someone
varize: To produce a medial angulation of the distal segment of a bone or joint.
mimped: simple past and past participle of mimp
unfoam: To remove the foam or foaminess of, defoam.
unmail: To undo the act of mailing; to recover from the postal system before delivery.
gostan: To go backwards; to reverse (a vehicle).
ritzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ritz
ritzed: simple past and past participle of ritz
luding: present participle and gerund of lude
gostun: Alternative form of gostan
uplist: To move further up a list (especially in terms of less endangered animals that become more endangered).
giffle: to be restless or fidgety
quaake: Obsolete spelling of quack (“make a noise like a duck”)
studdy: Obsolete spelling of study
staine: Obsolete spelling of stain
reweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rew
railly: Obsolete form of rally (“to tease or chaff”).
spoyle: Obsolete form of spoil.
kotoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of kotoo
scorfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scorf
wag it: Synonym of play the wag (“to play truant from school”)
misdug: simple past and past participle of misdig
misdig: To dig incorrectly, such as in the wrong place.
desilo: To free (data, etc.) from a silo, or isolated storage.
boaded: simple past and past participle of boad
kootoo: Obsolete spelling of kowtow
actify: Synonym of activate
regrit: To grit again.
blikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blike
bliked: simple past and past participle of blike
motify: To form a motif
remike: To play back and re-record (previously recorded material) using a microphone, for example to utilise the acoustics of the room.
rebeat: To beat again.
vaxxed: simple past and past participle of vax
vaxxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vax
amoked: simple past and past participle of amok
misdub: To dub incorrectly (any sense).
quinch: To stir; to act as if in pain, flinch, wince.
'spire: Aphetic form of inspire.
limnes: third-person singular simple present indicative of limne
Airbnb: To rent (an apartment) by Airbnb or similar means, whether as a lessor or a lessee.
Airbnb: To pursue this activity by Airbnb or similar means, whether as a lessor or a lessee.
demyth: Synonym of demythologize
teeths: third-person singular simple present indicative of teeth
mew up: to imprison
kelped: simple past and past participle of kelp
loaved: simple past and past participle of loave
onning: present participle and gerund of on
valsed: simple past and past participle of valse
blunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of blunk
bemixt: simple past and past participle of bemix; archaic spelling of bemixed.
clyted: simple past and past participle of clyte
clytes: third-person singular simple present indicative of clyte
willey: Alternative form of willy (“cleanse wool etc. with a willow”)
age up: To get older; to advance in age
age up: To cause to become older; to imagine to be older (especially of a fictional character)
alayed: simple past and past participle of alay
astuns: third-person singular simple present indicative of astun
shlepp: Alternative form of schlep
smight: Obsolete form of smite.
spalds: third-person singular simple present indicative of spald
shreek: Obsolete form of shriek.
pierst: simple past and past participle of pierce
sownds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sownd
pouffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pouff
heares: third-person singular simple present indicative of heare
CEOing: present participle and gerund of CEO
wyeing: present participle and gerund of wye
caus'd: simple past and past participle of cause
amaz'd: simple past and past participle of amaze
work'd: simple past and past participle of work
clos'd: simple past and past participle of close
flow'd: simple past and past participle of flow
help'd: simple past and past participle of help
warm'd: simple past and past participle of warm
deny'd: simple past and past participle of deny
deck'd: simple past and past participle of deck
crêped: simple past and past participle of crêpe
gooped: past participle of goop
y'alls: third-person singular simple present indicative of y'all
mistap: To make an accidental tap on a touch screen.
mistap: To tap a control on a touch screen by mistake.
gollop: To eat greedily or quickly.
wified: simple past and past participle of wifi
Wi-Fis: third-person singular simple present indicative of Wi-Fi
WiFied: simple past and past participle of WiFi
gulder: Yell; shout; holler.
airify: Alternative form of aerify
albify: To make white.
bivied: simple past and past participle of bivy
reband: To assign to a different tax band.
reband: To replace a band on.
rebale: To bale again.
recurl: To curl again.
redaub: To daub again.
redarn: To darn again.
remask: To mask again.
repawn: To pawn again.
rerake: To rake again.
retill: To till again.
reyoke: To yoke again.
retame: To tame again.
amuzed: simple past and past participle of amuze
amuzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of amuze
quader: To quadrate
BIRGed: simple past and past participle of BIRG
syring: present participle and gerund of syre
unjail: To release from jail; to set free
misfix: To fix improperly.
rebody: To provide with a new body.
ithing: present participle and gerund of ithe
OHKing: present participle and gerund of OHK
discry: Obsolete form of descry.
hexate: To perform hexation.
waifed: simple past and past participle of waif
therap: To administer therapy.
yacket: To chatter
resoap: To soap again.
has at: third-person singular simple present indicative of have at
had at: simple past and past participle of have at
forled: simple past and past participle of forlead
decool: To restore (a patient) to normothermia after the hypothermic phase of targeted temperature management.
dovens: third-person singular simple present indicative of doven
uniron: To unshackle (remove irons from)
makked: simple past and past participle of mak
ctrl-c: to copy, to save to one's clipboard.
ctrl-v: to paste, usually from a clipboard that was previously saved via ctrl-c.
e-hail: To hail a vehicle in this way.
molrow: Obsolete form of meow.
yeehah: Alternative form of yeehaw
despin: To stop or slow rotation.
mislog: To log incorrectly; to record incorrect information in a log.
pad up: To put on batting pads preparatory to taking the field to bat.
shalst: Synonym of shalt
analed: simple past and past participle of anal
pixing: present participle and gerund of pix
sauted: simple past and past participle of saute
sautéd: simple past and past participle of sauté
reslid: simple past and past participle of reslide
resnap: To snap again.
reshut: To shut again.
NOPing: present participle and gerund of NOP
undips: third-person singular simple present indicative of undip
vouvoy: To address (someone) in French using the formal second-person pronoun vous.
mismet: simple past and past participle of mismeet
futing: present participle and gerund of fute
wonest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wone
tenuki: To play elsewhere; to ignore the opponent's last move.
tenuki: To shift one's attention away from an ongoing task; to change gears.
veeing: present participle and gerund of vee
DoSing: present participle and gerund of DoS
missex: To sex incorrectly; to incorrectly determine the sex of.
Muzaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of Muzak
gap it: Of a white inhabitant of Rhodesia: to emigrate from the country during its transition to independence.
mismix: To mix improperly.
blatch: To blacken; to smear with blacking; to stain or mark with soot or coal.
bletch: To blacken; to dirty or soil.
tivoed: simple past and past participle of tivo
cissed: simple past and past participle of ciss
cisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ciss
mustna: Alternative form of mustnae
zeeing: present participle and gerund of zee
befast: To fasten.
threep: Alternative form of threap
wollop: Archaic form of wallop.
forsaw: simple past of forsee
skaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of skait
bilerp: to interpolate bilinearly
copack: To pack (products) together, in the same container.
cesing: present participle and gerund of cese
RTSing: present participle and gerund of RTS
gymcel: To work out to become more physically fit and increase one's sexual market value.
gnodde: to rub, bruise, crush
snited: simple past and past participle of snite
chivey: Archaic form of chivvy.
sploot: To lie flat with hind legs extended.
Binged: simple past and past participle of Bing
sorcel: Alternative form of ensorcell
frowse: To cause to be scruffy or untidy; to rumple or tangle.
frowse: To move or be in a scruffy state or manner.
retans: third-person singular simple present indicative of retan
preded: simple past and past participle of prede
obteyn: Obsolete form of obtain.
obtein: Obsolete form of obtain.
kekked: simple past and past participle of kek
recage: To cage again.
chefed: past participle of chef
glamps: present of glamp
vaxing: present participle and gerund of vax
unhoax: To undeceive someone who has been hoaxed.
undupe: To undeceive someone who has been duped.
remesh: To mesh again, or to use a different mesh
decrab: To align (an aircraft) with the runway, usually by means of rudder or rudderon input, immediately before, simultaneously with, or immediately after touchdown during a landing from a crabbed approach.
oofing: present participle and gerund of oof
EDCing: present participle and gerund of EDC
recomp: to recompose (that is, to gain muscle while simultaneously losing adipose tissue)
joyhop: To fly for pleasure.
Zucced: simple past and past participle of Zucc
unvats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvat
unkegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unkeg
BBMing: present participle and gerund of BBM
quorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of quork
dap up: To give a dap (handshake, not a plimsoll).
souren: To make or become sour.
peaced: simple past and past participle of peace
devans: third-person singular simple present indicative of devan
champo: Archaic form of shampoo (“to press or knead the body”).
stoopt: simple past and past participle of stoop
mispeg: To incorrectly ascribe a value or attribute to.
despun: simple past and past participle of despin
flockt: simple past and past participle of flock
updome: To bulge upwards in a dome shape.
FOIAed: simple past and past participle of FOIA
mispin: To pin incorrectly.
fricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of frick
indrew: simple past of indraw
hapned: Obsolete spelling of happened.
wheesh: To silence (a person, noise, etc) or to be silent.
inunct: To smear with ointment.
shikho: To show respect to (a person, etc.) by adopting this posture.
lifing: present participle and gerund of life
joiked: simple past and past participle of joik
lugaos: third-person singular simple present indicative of lugao
lugows: third-person singular simple present indicative of lugow
vooped: simple past and past participle of voop
mommed: simple past and past participle of mom
JPEG'd: simple past and past participle of JPEG
JPEGed: simple past and past participle of JPEG
dozzle: To stupify; to render dull or insensible.
dozzle: To use a dozzle in order to prevent shrinkage when casting in a mold.
dub up: To put someone in prison, or into their individual cell.
renied: simple past and past participle of reny
gurued: simple past and past participle of guru
dasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of dass
spects: third-person singular simple present indicative of spect
rensed: simple past and past participle of rense
tiefed: simple past and past participle of tief
lepays: third-person singular simple present indicative of lepay
quoths: third-person singular simple present indicative of quoth
rotoed: simple past and past participle of roto
DP'ing: present participle and gerund of DP
prefed: simple past and past participle of prefeed
unplot: To erase (a point previously plotted).
unpuff: To bring out of a puffed-up or puffy state.
unreef: To release (a sail that was previously reefed, or taken in).
stivot: To perform a stivot turn
ineyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ineye
ineyed: simple past and past participle of ineye
dekeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dekek
dekeck: To pull down the trousers of a person quickly and without consent, as a prank.
OTKing: present participle and gerund of OTK
ghooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of ghoom
4gives: third-person singular simple present indicative of 4give
4given: past participle of 4give
hatin': Pronunciation spelling of hating.
cading: present participle and gerund of cade
poored: simple past and past participle of poor
girked: simple past and past participle of girk
kacked: simple past and past participle of kack
gutsed: simple past and past participle of guts
gutses: third-person singular simple present indicative of guts
recupe: To recuperate.
recupe: Uncommon form of recoup.
rewall: To provide with new walls.
absorp: Rare form of absorb.
wopped: simple past and past participle of wop
upbrim: To brim upwards
unwomb: to remove from the womb
yotted: simple past and past participle of yot
sk8ing: present participle and gerund of sk8
anhero: Alternative spelling of an hero
vamous: Alternative form of vamoose
relath: To replace the laths.
endoce: Obsolete form of endorse.
convel: To tear (tissue, a nerve, etc.), to convulse.
convel: To completely rebut, to utterly reject.
unmate: To detach (a part) from its corresponding part, as a plug from a socket.
kneele: Obsolete form of kneel.
unplay: Hypothetically, to undo the playing of.
unplay: To interact with something in a way that subverts the conventions of playing.
yinged: simple past and past participle of ying
unslid: simple past and past participle of unslide
malded: simple past and past participle of mald
rewhip: To whip again.
decate: To decatize (“steam fabric”).
unrove: To separate textiles that have been roved or twisted together.
unzone: To remove from an assigned zone or zoning.
unzone: To free from a girdle.
gymmed: simple past and past participle of gym
unbait: To remove the bait from.
unbarb: To remove a barb from.
unhock: To redeem (goods previously pawned).
unpawn: To redeem (goods previously pawned).
unfoul: To free (something snagged or fouled).
undumb: to make no longer dumb.
wasped: simple past and past participle of wasp
togger: To play football.
unwhip: To unbind the end of a rope that was previously whipped or bound up to prevent its unlaying.
unwhip: To become unbound in this way.
untilt: To restore to its original orientation, from a tilted orientation.
*69ing: present participle and gerund of *69
booged: simple past and past participle of boog
str8ns: third-person singular simple present indicative of str8n
ferked: simple past and past participle of ferk
rebung: To close again by means of a bung; to put the bung back in.
1dered: simple past and past participle of 1der
FAFOed: simple past and past participle of FAFO
shewen: past participle of shew
suaded: simple past and past participle of suade
belyed: simple past and past participle of bely
blarny: Alternative form of blarney
xforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of xform
takkin: present participle of tak
enjoyn: Obsolete form of enjoin.
lyeing: present participle and gerund of lye
relawn: To provide with a new lawn.
bubuti: to request that an owner borrows or gives something of theirs one is in need, under the Bubuti system, which makes the request unrefusable.
fux0rs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fux0r
r0x0rs: third-person singular simple present indicative of r0x0r
sux0rs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sux0r
e-sign: To sign electronically with a digital signature.
yiking: present participle and gerund of yike
sex0rs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sex0r
kill0r: To kill.
sexx0r: To engage in sexual intercourse with.
frowze: Alternative form of frowse
re-ice: To supply with ice again.
HODLed: simple past and past participle of HODL
xdress: Abbreviation of cross-dress.
xbreed: Abbreviation of crossbreed.
Oprahs: third-person singular simple present indicative of Oprah
got by: simple past of get by
got by: past participle of get by
injogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of injog
outjog: To arrange (a card or cards) in this manner.
wifing: present participle and gerund of wife
wedels: third-person singular simple present indicative of wedel
rekern: To kern again.
rownds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rownd
sowsse: Obsolete form of souse.
worret: Alternative form of worrit
fyking: present participle and gerund of fyke
fexted: simple past and past participle of fext
poz up: Synonym of poz (to infect someone with an STD, particularly HIV)
knockt: simple past and past participle of knock
desize: To remove sizing material from (a fabric).
ioyned: obsolete typography of joined
liuing: obsolete typography of living
unboys: third-person singular simple present indicative of unboy
snorks: third-person singular simple present indicative of snork
fvcked: simple past and past participle of fvck
s*cked: simple past and past participle of s*ck
sumjao: To threaten or coerce.
sat by: simple past and past participle of sit by
sit by: Synonym of sit idly by
sat on: simple past and past participle of sit on
foyled: simple past and past participle of foyle
foyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of foyle
ritted: simple past and past participle of rit
ritted: simple past and past participle of ritt
scougs: third-person singular simple present indicative of scoug
shwack: Alternative spelling of schwack
meeded: simple past and past participle of meed
derich: To make the air–fuel ratio (of a jet engine or a carburetor) leaner (less rich).
baeing: present participle and gerund of bae
faketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of fake
unrang: simple past of unring
xfeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of xfeed
dakked: simple past and past participle of dak
regage: Alternative form of regauge
vabbed: simple past and past participle of vab
MUFFIN: To transfer files between 13-sector and 16-sector Apple ][ diskettes, as with MUFFIN (Move Utility For Files In NewDOS.)
flytip: Alternative form of fly-tip
kinned: simple past and past participle of kin
f—king: present participle and gerund of f—k
poming: present participle and gerund of pome
chaufs: third-person singular simple present indicative of chauf
preace: Obsolete form of preach.
decaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of decap
cronch: Alternative form of crunch
fu*ked: simple past and past participle of fu*k
POSTed: simple past and past participle of POST
ACKing: present participle and gerund of ACK
undubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of undub
uparch: To cause to arch upward.
uncram: To relieve from a crammed state; to empty partially.
yabbed: simple past and past participle of yab
helled: simple past and past participle of hell
wedset: Alternative form of wadset
depegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of depeg
queeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of queek
foomed: simple past and past participle of foom
ooking: present participle and gerund of ook
unrust: To remove rust from a metal object.
wrothe: simple past of writhe
unfurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfur
wakken: To waken.
J/Oing: present participle and gerund of J/O
tookst: second-person singular simple past indicative of take
cryeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cry
readst: second-person singular simple past indicative of read
flyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fly
feltst: second-person singular simple past indicative of feel
diveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dive
stolne: past participle of steal
impane: Obsolete form of impanate.
cryest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cry
rakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rake
laidst: second-person singular simple past indicative of lay
motest: second-person singular simple present indicative of must
liedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of lie
ekedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of eke
besail: To attack or assail; lunge at or toward; assault.
iotate: To perform iotation.
paidst: second-person singular simple past indicative of pay
canest: second-person singular simple present indicative of can
encoop: To confine in a coop.
ricket: To move rapidly and uncertainly.
renibs: third-person singular simple present indicative of renib
hypoed: simple past and past participle of hypo
unpush: To push the chair of (someone) back from a table.
acking: present participle and gerund of ack
upwent: simple past of upgo
upgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgo
flyin': Pronunciation spelling of flying.
sneeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneed
hannit: Contraction of hasn't it.
misput: To put badly or wrongly.
misput: To put out; to inconvenience or disturb.
mathed: simple past and past participle of math
eggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of egg
Reddit: To be mentioned on the website Reddit.
out-go: Alternative form of outgo
meeant: simple past and past participle of meean
woon't: Pronunciation spelling of won't.
meeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of meean
hmpfed: simple past and past participle of hmpf
frells: third-person singular simple present indicative of frell
redump: To dump again.
exeems: third-person singular simple present indicative of exeem
repure: To cleanse or refine again.
remead: Alternative form of remeid
jig up: Synonym of jack up.
unfund: To remove, rescind, or cancel funding for.
whuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whuff
moobed: simple past and past participle of moob
upbuoy: To buoy up.
upshut: To shut up; to close.
jiffle: To fidget; to act restlessly.
drincc: Nonstandard spelling of drink.
rizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rizz
rizzed: simple past and past participle of rizz
manify: To make male or manly.
sdeins: third-person singular simple present indicative of sdein
tepify: To make tepid (lukewarm); to moderately warm.
lucify: To make clear or understandable.
begilt: simple past and past participle of begild
b-hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of b-hop
soogie: Alternative form of soogee
steare: Obsolete form of steer.
rekits: third-person singular simple present indicative of rekit
splops: third-person singular simple present indicative of splop
airned: simple past and past participle of airn
airest: second-person singular simple present indicative of air
dawner: Alternative form of daunder (“stroll”)
enfixt: simple past and past participle of enfix
infixt: simple past and past participle of infix
youffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of youff
smalms: third-person singular simple present indicative of smalm
steard: simple past and past participle of stear
seased: simple past and past participle of sease
seshed: simple past and past participle of sesh
seases: third-person singular simple present indicative of sease
dwaums: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwaum
mozzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mozz
mozzed: simple past and past participle of mozz
yeelds: third-person singular simple present indicative of yeeld
upsurp: Misspelling of usurp.
unjerk: To cease participating in a circlejerk.
rejerk: To rebegin participating in a circlejerk.
reveil: Obsolete form of realize.
orping: present participle and gerund of orp
xfades: third-person singular simple present indicative of xfade
boohed: simple past and past participle of booh
bopeep: Alternative form of bo-peep
arayse: Obsolete spelling of araise
affyde: simple past and past participle of affy
illing: present participle and gerund of ill
NFAing: present participle and gerund of NFA
endoed: simple past and past participle of endo
tazing: present participle and gerund of taze
tazzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tazz
tazzed: simple past and past participle of tazz
tazzed: Misspelling of tazed.
ceazed: simple past and past participle of ceaze
ceazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ceaze
cloyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloye
cozing: present participle and gerund of coze
chauff: Alternative form of chauf (“to chauffeur”)
creagh: Alternative form of creach
vealed: simple past and past participle of veal
maimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of maime
whippe: Obsolete spelling of whip
rebans: third-person singular simple present indicative of reban
recash: To cash again.
recrop: To crop again.
redeed: To deed again.
reford: To ford (a body of water) again.
resunk: past participle of resink
reslew: simple past of reslay
resink: To sink again.
resank: simple past of resink
rewarn: To warn again.
reslay: To slay again.
unstir: Hypothetically, to undo the act of stirring or being stirred.
teefed: simple past and past participle of teef
twting: present participle and gerund of twt
gooned: simple past and past participle of goon
queaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of queak
uploom: To loom upward.
jarble: Alternative form of garble
unbogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbog
undamn: To undo the damning of; to free from damnation.
jebait: To manipulate or trick, especially in a benign and light-hearted way.
pearst: Obsolete form of pierced.
shrump: To shrink, shrivel.
shrump: To shiver from cold.
shrump: To shrug (the shoulders).
unport: To flow away from, and, thus, fail to enter, its intake or drain port.
unport: To cause (a liquid such as fuel or oil) to flow away from, and, thus, fail to enter, its intake or drain port.
updoot: To upvote.
BSODed: simple past and past participle of BSOD
bunces: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunce
bunced: simple past and past participle of bunce
'avin': present participle of 'ave
awsked: simple past and past participle of awsk
wrinch: To complain or grouse about.
wrinch: To scold.
wrinch: Obsolete form of rinse.
renorm: To norm again or differently.
chopse: To loudly insult and subject to verbal abuse; to berate.
chopse: To chatter and gossip excessively.
prefit: To fit in advance.
pssted: simple past and past participle of psst
dizzed: simple past and past participle of diz
dizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of diz
cagged: simple past and past participle of cag
outbet: To bet more than.
pranck: Obsolete form of prank (“adorn in a showy manner”).
poshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of posh
poshed: simple past and past participle of posh
SPACed: simple past and past participle of SPAC
pavéed: simple past and past participle of pavé
relimn: To limn or depict anew.
spulye: Obsolete form of spulzie.
stownd: Obsolete form of stound.
upspew: To vomit.
upbids: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbid
booled: simple past and past participle of bool
ranced: simple past and past participle of rance
persed: simple past and past participle of perse (“pierced”)
seckle: To settle down, relax.
f****d: simple past and past participle of f**k; Censored spelling of fucked.
deslag: to remove slag.
tawned: simple past and past participle of tawn
megged: simple past and past participle of meg
coo-ee: Alternative spelling of cooee
hollup: Contraction of hold up (“to wait”).
cap on: To spread caps (lies) or false rumors (about someone); to slander.
outcap: To cap or top; exceed.
outcap: To cap ("lie") more than.
embail: Obsolete form of embale.
coorie: To crouch, stoop down.
coorie: To snuggle, nestle.
entify: To make into an entity, attribute objective existence to.
unquit: To undo the effects of quitting; to start again.
tölted: simple past and past participle of tölt
ploats: third-person singular simple present indicative of ploat
whooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoom
mudcap: To cover an explosive charge in mud, sand, etc. before detonation, instead of placing it in a borehole.
ducoed: simple past and past participle of duco
nosied: simple past and past participle of nosy
blorph: To transition from one setting to another by morphing the entire image, so that it appears as a smooth transition within a single shot.
thumpt: simple past and past participle of thump
squdge: To move in a wet, squashing manner; to squish.
resses: third-person singular simple present indicative of res
ressed: simple past and past participle of res
yearnt: simple past and past participle of yearn
DNF'ed: simple past and past participle of DNF
DNFing: present participle and gerund of DNF
screek: Alternative form of screak
groked: simple past and past participle of grok
Venmos: third-person singular simple present indicative of Venmo
panyar: To seize and hold (a person) until the repayment of a debt or resolution of a dispute, common along the Atlantic coast of Africa in the 18th and 19th centuries.
papize: Synonym of papalize
bigify: To make big; to enlarge.
ungrip: To release one's grip on; to let go.
sooths: third-person singular simple present indicative of sooth
praccy: To practise.
jinkle: Alternative form of jingle (“to make a clattering noise”)
uprips: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprip
upript: simple past and past participle of uprip
scrawk: To squawk.
debend: To unbend; to make or allow to become straight from a bent position.
hop on: To join a phone call or video call.
hop on: To begin playing a video game.
hop on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hop, on.
Juuled: simple past and past participle of Juul
debran: To remove the bran from (a cereal).
blarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of blart
uncode: To remove the code or coding from.
uncode: To decode.
redame: To love in return.
Xs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of X out
kyping: present participle and gerund of kype
loiked: simple past and past participle of loike
ovened: simple past and past participle of oven
beseat: To make seated; to seat.
deseat: Synonym of unseat.
towsle: Alternative form of tousle
towzle: Alternative form of tousle
herxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of herx
herxed: simple past and past participle of herx
apptd.: Abbreviation of appointed.
fumper: Alternative form of fumfer
insued: simple past and past participle of insue
feelst: second-person singular simple present indicative of feel
delect: To delight.
outspy: To surpass in spying.
Sinify: Synonym of Sinicize
rosted: simple past and past participle of rost
toryfy: Alternative form of torify
unstan: To stop acting as a stan (for); to cease to be an obsessive fan (of).
nashed: simple past and past participle of nash
nashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nash
GTFOOH: Initialism of get the fuck out of here.
out-do: Alternative form of outdo.
re-air: Alternative form of reair.
crèmed: simple past and past participle of crème
pochéd: simple past and past participle of poché
unpost: To remove or retract (something previously posted, such as an electronic message).
drawes: third-person singular simple present indicative of drawe
uprent: simple past and past participle of uprend
uprend: To tear up; to uproot.
1v1ing: present participle and gerund of 1v1
skreek: Alternative form of screak
lug in: Synonym of bear in
wokify: To make (something or someone) woke (politically correct; holding progressive views or attitudes).
mmphed: simple past and past participle of mmph
yammed: simple past and past participle of yam
air up: To inflate (something, such as a tire or air mattress)
brians: third-person singular simple present indicative of brian
K-swap: To replace the engine of a car with a Honda K-series internal combustion gasoline engine, that was not originally so equipped.
iudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of iudge
reknew: simple past of reknow
reknow: To know again; to relearn or understand anew.
kudoed: simple past and past participle of kudo
renued: simple past and past participle of renue
smoake: Obsolete spelling of smoke
enwove: simple past of enweave
veging: present participle and gerund of veg
skreak: creak; shriek; squeak
ran on: simple past of run on
pasken: To rule, decide, opine.
had up: simple past and past participle of have up
has up: third-person singular simple present indicative of have up
misran: simple past of misrun
misrun: To run incompetently; mismanage.
misrun: To result in a misrun.
misrun: To run badly or off-course.
injoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of injoy
41%ing: present participle and gerund of 41%
lez up: To engage in lesbian activity.
survay: Obsolete spelling of survey
Barffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of Barff
DDoSed: simple past and past participle of DDoS
beaued: simple past and past participle of beau
glases: third-person singular simple present indicative of glase
unsoil: To remove dirt or stains from.
unhome: To deprive of a home.
rejars: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejar
appeer: Obsolete spelling of appear
scarve: Alternative form of scarf (“to cover as or like a scarf”).
scarve: Alternative form of scarf (“to cover (as) with a scarf”).
ammuse: Obsolete spelling of amuse
shookt: past participle of shake
meaows: third-person singular simple present indicative of meaow
slotch: To go about in a lazy, slovenly manner; to slouch, walk heavily, or be slipshod.
slotch: To slip or flop due to being too large.
slotch: To eat or drink greedily with a loud noise; to glut; to lap up; to drink to excess; get drunk.
x-post: Alternative form of xpost.
dam up: To build a dam on, thus restricting the flow
wax on: To discuss a particular topic at length.
41%'ed: simple past and past participle of 41%
recals: third-person singular simple present indicative of recal
chears: third-person singular simple present indicative of chear
missew: To sew badly, with errors.
shralp: To shred, rip, or tear.
restow: To stow again.
derust: To remove rust from.
re-oil: Alternative form of reoil
ungunk: To remove gunk from.
gecker: To make a series of stuttering throaty vocalizations (usually described as: chattering, chittering, cackling, squeaking, or yakking) in the manner of some primates, jackals, mongooses, and foxes.
debank: To deprive a person or organisation of banking services, especially for political reasons.
debank: To cease or cause to stop operating as a bank.
forgor: Deliberate misspelling of forgot.
fun up: To make something humorous or to make a joke about something
retops: third-person singular simple present indicative of retop
estbd.: Abbreviation of established.
knewst: second-person singular simple past indicative of know
dewild: Synonym of unwild (“to make something not wild”)
blufts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bluft
fucced: simple past and past participle of fucc
divels: third-person singular simple present indicative of divel
perned: simple past and past participle of pern
focked: simple past and past participle of fock
bid up: To raise the price of (an item at auction) by bidding.
recing: present participle and gerund of rec
coomed: simple past and past participle of coom
shinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shink
folfed: simple past and past participle of folf
befeld: simple past of befold
surtop: To overtop, to be on top of.
nanked: simple past and past participle of nank
vieing: present participle and gerund of vie
𐑕𐑩𐑐𐑤𐑲𐑛: supplied
denest: To undo the process of nesting (in various senses); to separate out of a nested structure.
attone: Obsolete form of atone.
viffed: simple past and past participle of viff
trapse: Archaic form of traipse.
cutten: alternative past participle of cut.
wantes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wante
soying: present participle and gerund of soy
allaud: To praise, laud.
unjack: To dislodge or remove a jack from something.
defins: third-person singular simple present indicative of defin
atting: present participle and gerund of at
whying: present participle and gerund of why
pwnz0r: Synonym of pwn (“to defeat”)
craz'd: simple past and past participle of craze
resoil: To restore the soil to (damaged land).
damnds: third-person singular simple present indicative of damnd
mentd.: Abbreviation of mentioned.
wenten: Alternative form of went
covied: simple past and past participle of covie
fawads: third-person singular simple present indicative of fawad
befoed: simple past and past participle of befoe
nod in: To score with a header
unfork: To dismount from (a ridden animal).
greaze: Obsolete spelling of grease
msging: present participle and gerund of msg
mistax: To tax inappropriately.
NFTing: present participle of NFT
goving: present participle and gerund of gove
nepped: simple past and past participle of nep
rejack: To raise again with a jack.
klunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of klunk
co-pen: Alternative form of copen.
besmog: To envelop in smog.
xerify: To make xeric (dry).
cleant: simple past and past participle of clean
DDOSed: simple past and past participle of DDOS
clinkt: simple past and past participle of clink
clankt: simple past and past participle of clank
reptd.: Abbreviation of reported.
WWOOFs: third-person singular simple present indicative of WWOOF
swadge: Dated form of swage.
creens: third-person singular simple present indicative of creen
ponify: to turn an existing character into a My Little Pony-style cartoon equine.
wakin': Pronunciation spelling of waking.
whumpf: Of snow: to collapse in this manner.
DRYing: present participle and gerund of DRY
wagges: third-person singular simple present indicative of wagge
dresst: Obsolete form of dressed; simple past and past participle of dress
Nanced: simple past and past participle of Nance
shrims: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrim
wokens: third-person singular simple present indicative of woken
kiking: present participle of kike
3-peat: Alternative form of threepeat
3peats: third-person singular simple present indicative of 3peat
enstar: To adorn with stars.
enstar: To set up as or like a star.
engaud: To make gaudy; to adorn or decorate.
kaopeh: to confront
kaopeh: to complain, make noise
dedope: To remove a dopant from (a semiconductor material).
argify: Alternative form of argufy.
bicked: simple past and past participle of bick
BSOD'd: simple past and past participle of BSOD
got in: simple past of get in
got in: past participle of get in
deweed: To remove weed from.
evaled: simple past and past participle of eval
gurped: simple past and past participle of gurp
Kanyed: simple past and past participle of Kanye
Kanyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Kanye
sudoed: simple past and past participle of sudo
yedder: Alternative form of edder
to age: to grow older; to advance in age
