abjugate: To unyoke; set free; uncouple.
abearing: present participle and gerund of abear
ablegate: To send abroad.
abligate: To tie up, especially a body part.
aberrate: To go astray; to diverge; to deviate (from); deviate from.
aberrate: To distort; to cause aberration of.
abnegate: To deny (oneself something); to renounce or give up (a right, a power, a claim, a privilege, a convenience).
abnegate: To relinquish; to surrender; to abjure.
absterse: To absterge; to cleanse; to purge away.
absterge: To make clean by wiping; to wipe away.
abstrude: To thrust away.
abdicate: To disclaim and expel from the family, as a father his child; to disown; to disinherit.
abdicate: To formally separate oneself from or to divest oneself of.
abdicate: To depose.
abdicate: To reject; to cast off; to discard.
abdicate: To surrender, renounce or relinquish, as sovereign power; to withdraw definitely from filling or exercising, as a high office, station, dignity; to fail to fulfill responsibility for.
abdicate: To relinquish or renounce a throne, or other high office or dignity; to renounce sovereignty.
accresce: To accrue.
accresce: To increase; to grow.
accroach: To hook, or draw to oneself as with a hook.
accroach: To usurp, as jurisdiction or royal prerogatives.
accroach: To encroach.
abrogate: To annul by an authoritative act; to abolish by the authority of the maker or her or his successor; to repeal; — applied to the repeal of laws, decrees, ordinances, the abolition of customs, etc.
abrogate: To put an end to; to do away with.
abrogate: To block a process or function.
abortive: To cause an abortion; to render without fruit.
teleport: To travel, often instantaneously, from one point to another without physically crossing the distance between the two points.
teleport: To move (an object) in this fashion, as by telekinesis.
accolade: To embrace or kiss in salutation.
accolade: To confer a knighthood on.
accolade: To confer praise or awards on.
calendar: To set a date for a proceeding in court, usually done by a judge at a calendar call.
calendar: To enter or write in a calendar; to register.
chairman: To serve as chairman.
nonsense: To make nonsense of;
nonsense: To attempt to dismiss as nonsense; to ignore or belittle the significance of something; to render unimportant or puny.
nonsense: To joke around, to waste time
relegate: Exile, banish, remove, or send away.
relegate: Exile or banish to a particular place.
relegate: Exile, banish, remove, or send away.
relegate: Remove (oneself) to a distance from something or somewhere.
relegate: Exile, banish, remove, or send away.
relegate: Banish from proximity to Rome for a set time; compare relegate.
relegate: Exile, banish, remove, or send away.
relegate: Remove or send to a place far away.
relegate: Consign or assign.
relegate: Consign (a person or thing) to a place, position, or role of obscurity, insignificance, oblivion, lower rank or (especially) inferiority.
relegate: Consign or assign.
relegate: Assign (a thing) to an appropriate place or situation based on appraisal or classification.
relegate: Consign or assign.
relegate: Transfer (a sports team) to a lower-ranking league division.
relegate: Refer or submit.
relegate: Refer (a point of contention) to an authority in deference to the judgment thereof.
relegate: Refer or submit.
relegate: Submit (something) to someone else for appropriate action thereby; compare delegate.
relegate: Refer or submit.
relegate: Submit or refer (someone) to someone or something else for some reason or purpose.
gleaming: present participle and gerund of gleam
alphabet: To designate by the letters of the alphabet; to arrange alphabetically.
quisling: present participle and gerund of quisle
bollocks: To break.
bollocks: (also bollocks up) To fail (a task); to make a mess of.
bollocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bollock
medicine: To treat with medicine.
umbrella: To cover or protect, as if by an umbrella.
umbrella: To form the dome shape of an open umbrella.
umbrella: To move like a jellyfish.
wireless: To send a message by wireless (by radio)
forecast: To estimate how something will be in the future.
forecast: To foreshadow; to suggest something in advance.
forecast: To contrive or plan beforehand.
religion: Engage in religious practice.
religion: Indoctrinate into a specific religion.
religion: To make sacred or symbolic; sanctify.
increase: (of a quantity, etc.) To become larger or greater.
increase: To make (a quantity, etc.) larger.
increase: To multiply by the production of young; to be fertile, fruitful, or prolific.
increase: To become more nearly full; to show more of the surface; to wax.
accredit: To ascribe; attribute; credit with.
accredit: To put or bring into credit; to invest with credit or authority; to sanction.
accredit: To send with letters credential, as an ambassador, envoy, or diplomatic agent; to authorize, as a messenger or delegate.
accredit: To believe; to put trust in.
accredit: To enter on the credit side of an account book.
accredit: To certify as meeting a predetermined standard; to certify an educational institution as upholding the specified standards necessary for the students to advance.
accredit: To recognize as outstanding.
accredit: To credit.
acerbate: To exasperate; to irritate.
acerbate: To make bitter or sour.
accustom: To make familiar by use; to cause to accept; to habituate, familiarize, or inure.
accustom: To be wont.
accustom: To cohabit.
stylized: simple past and past participle of stylize
language: To communicate by language; to express in language.
skirmish: To engage in a minor battle or dispute.
kindling: present participle and gerund of kindle
Barbados: To press-gang (force into naval service).
computer: To use a computer.
computer: To send via computer.
computer: To transfer onto a computer; to computerize.
slashdot: To render a website slow or unusable via the unusually large number of page requests that result from a link on a very popular web site.
copulate: To engage in sexual intercourse.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To remove; to take away; withdraw.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To steal; to take away; to remove without permission.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To extract by means of distillation.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To draw off (interest or attention).
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To withdraw oneself; to retire.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To consider abstractly; to contemplate separately or by itself; to consider theoretically; to look at as a general quality.
abstract: To conceptualize an ideal subgroup by means of the generalization of an attribute, as follows: by apprehending an attribute inherent to one individual, then separating that attribute and contemplating it by itself, then conceiving of that attribute as a general quality, then despecifying that conceived quality with respect to several or many individuals, and by then ideating a group composed of those individuals perceived to possess said quality.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To consider abstractly; to contemplate separately or by itself; to consider theoretically; to look at as a general quality.
abstract: To perform the process of abstraction.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To consider abstractly; to contemplate separately or by itself; to consider theoretically; to look at as a general quality.
abstract: To create abstractions.
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To consider abstractly; to contemplate separately or by itself; to consider theoretically; to look at as a general quality.
abstract: To produce an abstraction, usually by refactoring existing code. Generally used with "out".
abstract: To separate; to disengage.
abstract: To consider abstractly; to contemplate separately or by itself; to consider theoretically; to look at as a general quality.
abstract: To summarize; to abridge; to epitomize.
keyboard: To type on a computer keyboard.
football: To play football.
reindeer: To herd or farm reindeer
parallel: To construct or place something parallel to something else.
parallel: Of a path etc: To be parallel to something else.
parallel: Of a process etc: To be analogous to something else.
parallel: To compare or liken something to something else.
parallel: To make to conform to something else in character, motive, aim, etc.
parallel: To equal; to match; to correspond to.
parallel: To produce or adduce as a parallel.
ordinate: to ordain a priest, or consecrate a bishop
ordinate: to align a series of objects
kangaroo: To practice kangaroo care on an infant; to hold a premature infant against the skin.
kangaroo: To hunt kangaroo.
kangaroo: To move like a kangaroo.
bathroom: To assist a patient with using the toilet and general personal hygiene.
handsome: To render handsome.
quagmire: To embroil (a person, etc.) in complexity or difficulty.
chainsaw: To cut with a chainsaw.
mortgage: To borrow against a property, to obtain a loan for another purpose by giving away the right of seizure to the lender over a fixed property such as a house or piece of land; to pledge a property in order to get a loan.
mortgage: To pledge and make liable; to make subject to obligation; to achieve an immediate result by paying for it in the long term.
lavender: To decorate or perfume with lavender.
concrete: To cover with or encase in concrete (building material).
concrete: To solidify: to change from being abstract to being concrete (actual, real).
concrete: To unite or coalesce into a solid mass.
primrose: To pick primroses.
complete: To finish; to make done; to reach the end.
complete: To make whole or entire.
complete: To call from the small blind in an unraised pot.
snowplow: To clear (roads, etc) using a snowplow.
snowplow: To perform a snowplow in skiing.
omelette: To make into an omelette
epilogue: To conclude with an epilogue.
handfast: To pledge; to bind.
handfast: To betroth by joining hands, in order to allow for cohabitation before the celebration of marriage; to marry provisionally.
distinct: To distinguish; to make a distinction.
argument: To put forward as an argument; to argue.
argument: To adduce evidence, to provide proof.
mosquito: To fly close to the ground, seemingly without a course.
charcoal: To draw with charcoal.
charcoal: To cook over charcoal.
unvessel: To cause to be no longer a vessel; to empty.
minister: To attend to (the needs of); to tend; to take care (of); to give aid; to give service.
minister: To function as a clergyman or as the officiant in church worship.
minister: To afford, to give, to supply.
pamphlet: To distribute pamphlets (to someone or some place).
pamphlet: To write about (someone or something) in a pamphlet; to issue (some material) in the form of a pamphlet.
pamphlet: To distribute pamphlets.
pamphlet: To write or produce pamphlets.
bepowder: To sprinkle or cover with powder; to powder.
unvizard: Alternative spelling of unvisard
unvisard: To take the vizard or mask from; to unmask.
graffiti: To mark a surface with such images.
sanction: To ratify; to make valid.
sanction: To give official authorization or approval to; to countenance.
sanction: To penalize (a state etc.) with sanctions.
grafting: present participle and gerund of graft
handicap: To encumber with a handicap in any contest.
handicap: To place at disadvantage.
handicap: To estimate betting odds.
turnpike: To form (a road, etc.) in the manner of a turnpike road, or into a rounded form, as the path of a road.
remember: To recall from one's memory; to have an image in one's memory.
remember: To memorize; to put something into memory.
remember: To keep in mind; to be mindful of.
remember: To not forget (to do something required)
remember: To convey greetings from.
remember: To put in mind; to remind (also used reflexively).
remember: To engage in the process of recalling memories.
remember: To give (a person) money as a token of appreciation of past service or friendship.
remember: to commemorate, to have a remembrance ceremony
remember: Alternative form of re-member
activate: To encourage development or induce increased activity; to stimulate.
activate: To put a device, mechanism (alarm etc.) or system into action or motion; to trigger, to actuate, to set off, to enable.
activate: To render more reactive; excite.
activate: To render a molecule reactive, active, or effective in performing its function.
activate: To render a substance radioactive.
activate: To hasten a chemical reaction, especially by heating.
activate: To remove the limitations of demoware by providing a license; to unlock.
activate: To aerate in order to aid decomposition of organic matter.
activate: To organize or create a military unit or station.
activate: To bring a player back after an injury.
entrance: To delight and fill with wonder.
entrance: To put into a trance.
meringue: To prepare as a meringue dish.
befallen: past participle of befall
browbeat: To bully in an intimidating, bossy, or supercilious way.
foreseen: past participle of foresee
forewent: simple past of forego
disguise: To change the appearance of (a person or thing) so as to hide, or to assume an identity.
disguise: To transform or disfigure, to change the appearance of in general.
disguise: To avoid giving away or revealing (something secret); to hide by a false appearance.
disguise: To dress in newfangled or showy clothing, to deck out in new fashions.
disguise: To dissemble, to talk or act falsely while concealing one’s thoughts.
disguise: To affect or change by liquor; to intoxicate.
foretold: simple past and past participle of foretell
forgiven: past participle of forgive
foregone: past participle of forego
forsaken: past participle of forsake
inferred: simple past and past participle of infer
foretell: To predict; to tell (the future) before it occurs; to prophesy.
foretell: To tell (a person) of the future.
advocate: To plead in favour of; to defend by argument, before a tribunal or the public; to support, vindicate, or recommend publicly.
advocate: To encourage support for something.
advocate: To engage in advocacy.
advocate: To appeal from an inferior court to the Court of Session.
advocate: To call a case before itself for decision.
distance: To move away (from) someone or something.
distance: To leave at a distance; to outpace, leave behind.
distance: To lose interest in a specific issue.
misheard: simple past and past participle of mishear
misspelt: simple past and past participle of misspell
mistaken: past participle of mistake
misspell: To spell incorrectly.
bullshit: To tell lies, exaggerate; to mislead; to deceive.
bullshit: To have casual conversation with no real point; to shoot the breeze.
bullshit: To come up with on the spot; to improvise.
graduate: To be recognized by a school or university as having completed the requirements of a degree studied at the institution.
graduate: To be certified as having earned a degree from; to graduate from (an institution).
graduate: To certify (a student) as having earned a degree
graduate: To mark (something) with degrees; to divide into regular steps or intervals, as the scale of a thermometer, a scheme of punishment or rewards, etc.
graduate: To change gradually.
graduate: To prepare gradually; to arrange, temper, or modify by degrees or to a certain degree; to determine the degrees of.
graduate: To bring to a certain degree of consistency, by evaporation, as a fluid.
graduate: To taper, as the tail of certain birds.
graduate: To approve (a feature) for general release.
graduate: Of an idol: to exit a group; or of a virtual YouTuber, to leave a management agency; usually accompanied with "graduation ceremony" send-offs, increased focus on the leaving member, and the like.
outgrown: past participle of outgrow
overdone: past participle of overdo
overcame: simple past of overcome
overcame: past participle of overcome
overdrew: simple past of overdraw
overdraw: To withdraw more money from an account than there is credit; to make an overdraft
overdraw: To use a device for shooting arrows shorter than the draw of the bow.
overdraw: To exaggerate.
overdraw: To draw over the top of existing content.
overdraw: To draw the air in through a harmonica while adjusting the mouth so that the note goes up a half tone.
overlaid: simple past and past participle of overlay
overlain: past participle of overlie
overhung: simple past and past participle of overhang
overpaid: simple past and past participle of overpay
overrode: simple past of override
overrode: past participle of override
overcome: To surmount (a physical or abstract obstacle); to prevail over, to get the better of.
overcome: To prevail.
overcome: To recover from (a difficulty), to get over
overcome: To win or prevail in some sort of battle, contest, etc.
overcome: To come or pass over; to spread over.
overcome: To overflow; to surcharge.
overseen: past participle of oversee
overhear: To hear something that was not meant for one's ears.
oversell: To agree to sell more of something than one can supply.
oversell: To be too eager in attempting to sell something.
oversell: To praise something to excess.
oversell: To sell for a higher price than; to exceed in sale price.
overtook: simple past of overtake
overshot: simple past and past participle of overshoot
partaken: past participle of partake
overhang: To hang over (something).
overhang: To impend.
spelling: present participle and gerund of spell
overcast: To overthrow.
overcast: To cover with cloud; to overshadow; to darken.
overcast: To make gloomy; to depress.
overcast: To be or become cloudy.
overcast: To transform.
overcast: To fasten (sheets) by overcast stitching or by folding one edge over another.
sleeping: present participle and gerund of sleep
metaphor: To use a metaphor.
metaphor: To describe by means of a metaphor.
override: To ride across or beyond something.
override: To ride over the top of something, usually forcibly.
override: To ride a horse too hard.
override: To counteract the normal operation of something; to countermand with orders of higher priority.
override: To give commands of a higher priority to an automated system; to take manual control of an automated system
override: To define a new behaviour of a method by creating the same method of the superclass with the same name and signature.
overtake: To pass a slower moving object or entity (on the side closest to oncoming traffic).
overtake: To become greater than something else
overtake: To occur unexpectedly; take by surprise; surprise and overcome; carry away
engender: To beget (of a man); to bear or conceive (of a woman).
engender: To give existence to, to produce (living creatures).
engender: To bring into existence (a situation, quality, result etc.); to give rise to, cause, create.
engender: To assume form; to come into existence; to be caused or produced.
engender: To copulate, to have sex.
engender: To endow with gender; to create gender or enhance the importance of gender.
stridden: past participle of stride
simulate: To model, replicate, duplicate the behavior, appearance or properties of.
sentence: To declare a sentence on a convicted person; to condemn to punishment.
sentence: To decree, announce, or pass as a sentence.
sentence: To utter sententiously.
politics: third-person singular simple present indicative of politic
separate: To divide (a thing) into separate parts.
separate: To disunite from a group or mass; to disconnect.
separate: To cause (things or people) to be separate.
separate: To divide itself into separate pieces or substances.
separate: To set apart; to select from among others, as for a special use or service.
scissors: Rare form of scissor (“To cut using, or as if using, scissors.”).
scissors: third-person singular simple present indicative of scissor
withdrew: simple past of withdraw
underlie: To lie in a position directly beneath something.
underlie: To lie under or beneath.
underlie: To serve as a basis of; form the foundation of.
underlie: To be subject to; be liable to answer, as a charge or challenge.
underlie: To underlay.
underlay: simple past of underlie
underlay: To lay (something) underneath something else; to put under.
underlay: To provide a support for something; to raise or support by something laid under.
underlay: To put a tap on (a shoe).
underlay: To incline from the vertical.
gussy up: To don fancy clothing; to dress up particularly in flattering or specially altered garments.
gussy up: To make fancy or attractive, as by artificial or contrived means.
building: present participle and gerund of build
stricken: past participle of strike
syllable: To utter in syllables.
threaten: To make a threat against someone; to use threats.
threaten: To menace, or be dangerous.
threaten: To portend, or give a warning of.
threaten: To call into question the validity of (a belief, idea, or viewpoint); to challenge.
threaten: To be close to equaling or surpassing (a record, etc.)
bewilder: To confuse, disorientate, or puzzle someone, especially with many different choices.
straight: To straighten.
bankrupt: To force into bankruptcy.
interest: To engage the attention of; to awaken interest in; to excite emotion or passion in, in behalf of a person or thing.
interest: To be concerned with or engaged in; to affect; to concern; to excite.
interest: To cause or permit to share.
withdraw: To draw or pull (something) away or back from its original position or situation.
withdraw: To remove (someone or (reflexive, archaic) oneself) from a position or situation; specifically (military), to remove (soldiers) from a battle or position where they are stationed.
withdraw: To draw or pull (something) away or back from its original position or situation.
withdraw: To draw or pull (a bolt, curtain, veil, or other object) aside.
withdraw: To draw or pull (something) away or back from its original position or situation.
withdraw: To take away or take back (something previously given or permitted); to remove, to retract.
withdraw: To cause or help (someone) to stop taking an addictive drug or substance; to dry out.
withdraw: To take (one's eyes) off something; to look away.
withdraw: To disregard (something) as belonging to a certain group.
withdraw: To remove (a topic) from discussion or inquiry.
withdraw: To stop (a course of action, proceedings, etc.)
withdraw: To take back (a comment, something written, etc.); to recant, to retract.
withdraw: To distract or divert (someone) from a course of action, a goal, etc.
withdraw: To extract (money) from a bank account or other financial deposit.
withdraw: Chiefly followed by from: to leave a place, someone's presence, etc., to go to another room or place.
withdraw: Chiefly followed by from: to leave a place, someone's presence, etc., to go to another room or place.
withdraw: Of soldiers: to leave a battle or position where they are stationed; to retreat.
withdraw: Chiefly followed by from: to stop taking part in some activity; also, to remove oneself from the company of others, from publicity, etc.
withdraw: To stop talking to or interacting with other people and start thinking thoughts not related to what is happening.
withdraw: To stop taking an addictive drug or substance; to undergo withdrawal.
withdraw: Of a man: to remove the penis from a partner's body orifice before ejaculation; to engage in coitus interruptus.
condense: To concentrate toward the essence by making more close, compact, or dense, thereby decreasing size or volume.
condense: To transform from a gaseous state into a liquid state via condensation.
condense: To be transformed from a gaseous state into a liquid state.
hedgehog: To make use of a hedgehog barricade as a defensive maneuver.
hedgehog: To array with spiky projections like the quills of a hedgehog.
hedgehog: To curl up into a defensive ball.
castling: present participle and gerund of castle
linchpin: To adopt as, or serve as, a central cohesive source of stability and security.
decrease: Of a quantity, to become smaller.
decrease: To make (a quantity) smaller.
dialogue: To discuss or negotiate so that all parties can reach an understanding.
dialogue: To put into dialogue form.
dialogue: To take part in a dialogue; to dialogize.
squirrel: To store in a secretive manner, to hide something for future use
scabbard: To put an object (especially a sword) into its scabbard.
covenant: To enter into, or promise something by, a covenant.
covenant: To enter a formal agreement.
covenant: To bind oneself in contract.
covenant: To make a stipulation.
subpoena: To summon with a subpoena.
paddling: present participle and gerund of paddle
settling: present participle and gerund of settle
throttle: To control or adjust the speed of (an engine).
throttle: To cut back on the speed of (an engine, person, organization, network connection, etc.).
throttle: To strangle or choke someone.
throttle: To have the throat obstructed so as to be in danger of suffocation; to choke; to suffocate.
throttle: To breathe hard, as when nearly suffocated.
throttle: To utter with breaks and interruption, in the manner of a person half suffocated.
civilize: Alternative spelling of civilise
coalesce: To join into a single mass or whole.
coalesce: To form from different pieces or elements.
coalesce: To bond pieces of metal into a continuous whole by liquefying parts of each piece, bringing the liquids into contact, and allowing the combined liquid to solidify.
coalesce: To merge, to intermingle freely.
coalesce: To convert a null value to a defined value.
awakened: simple past and past participle of awaken
scouring: present participle and gerund of scour
grooming: present participle and gerund of groom
devising: present participle and gerund of devise
attorney: To work as a legal attorney.
attorney: To provide with a legal attorney.
blooming: present participle and gerund of bloom
obsolete: To cause to become obsolete.
cylinder: To calender; to press (paper, etc.) between rollers to make it glossy.
workshop: To help a playwright revise a draft of (a play) by rehearsing it with actors and critiquing the results.
workshop: To work on or revise something, especially collaboratively, in a workshop.
workshop: To improve through collaboration.
backlash: To perform a backlash, to lash back in reaction to some cause.
colloquy: To converse.
delegate: To commit tasks and responsibilities to others, especially subordinates.
delegate: To commit (a task or responsibility) to someone, especially a subordinate.
delegate: (of a subdomain) To give away authority over a subdomain; to allow someone else to create sub-subdomains of a subdomain of one's own.
platform: To furnish with or shape into a platform
platform: To place on, or as if on, a platform.
platform: To place a train alongside a station platform.
platform: To include in a political platform
platform: To publish or make visible; to provide a platform for (a topic etc.).
platform: To open (a film) in a small number of theaters before a broader release in order to generate enthusiasm.
platform: To form a plan of; to model; to lay out.
password: To protect with a password.
massacre: To kill in considerable numbers where little or no resistance can be made, with indiscriminate violence, without necessity, and contrary to civilized norms. (Often limited to the killing of human beings.)
massacre: To win against (an opponent) very decisively.
massacre: To perform (a work, such as a musical piece or a play) very poorly.
massacre: To kill with great force or brutality.
upgather: To gather up; to contract; to draw together.
localize: To make local; to fix in, or assign to, a definite place.
localize: To adapt a product for use in a particular country or region, typically by translating text into the language of that country and modifying currencies, date formats, etc.
localize: To adapt translated text to fit a local culture; to domesticate.
localize: To determine where something takes place or is to be found.
pinnacle: To place on a pinnacle.
pinnacle: To build or furnish with a pinnacle or pinnacles.
handling: present participle and gerund of handle
ballroom: To take part in ballroom dancing.
sequence: to arrange in an order
sequence: to determine the order of things, especially of amino acids in a protein, or of bases in a nucleic acid
sequence: to produce (music) with a sequencer
airplane: To fly in an aeroplane.
airplane: To transport by aeroplane.
go Dutch: To pay for one's own food and bills, or split the cost, when eating at a restaurant or going out for entertainment.
famished: simple past and past participle of famish
handcart: To transport in this kind of cart.
damp off: Of plants: to decay and perish through excessive moisture.
pitch in: To help out; lend assistance; contribute; to do one's part to help.
pitch in: To begin briskly.
put away: To put (something) in its usual storage place; to place out of the way, clean up.
put away: To store, add to one's stores for later use.
put away: To consume (food or drink), especially in large quantities.
put away: To send (someone) to prison or mental asylum.
put away: To kill someone.
put away: To knock out an opponent.
put away: To discard, divest oneself of.
put away: To fend off, deflect; to dismiss.
put away: To divorce.
put away: To take a large lead in a game, especially enough to guarantee victory or make the game no longer competitive.
put away: To strike out a batter.
put away: To catch a fly ball or tag out a baserunner.
put away: To hit the ball in such a way that the opponent cannot reach it; see passing shot
vivisect: To perform vivisection upon; to dissect alive.
kick out: To eject, dismiss, expel, or forcefully remove (someone or something).
kick out: To stop, stall, or disconnect suddenly.
kick out: To perform a kickout.
put down: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see put, down.
put down: To insult, belittle, or demean.
put down: To pay.
put down: To halt, eliminate, stop, or squelch, often by force.
put down: To euthanize (an animal).
put down: To execute (a person), especially extrajudicially.
put down: To write (something).
put down: To terminate a call on (a telephone); to hang up.
put down: To add a name to a list.
put down: To make prices, or taxes, lower.
put down: To place a baby somewhere to sleep.
put down: To give something as a reason for something else.
put down: To land.
put down: To drop someone off, or let them out of a vehicle.
put down: To cease, temporarily or permanently, reading (a book).
loophole: To prepare a building for defense by preparing slits or holes through which to fire on attackers
loophole: To exploit (a law, etc.) by means of loopholes.
kick off: To make the first kick in a game or part of a game.
kick off: To start; to launch.
kick off: To dismiss; to expel; to remove from a position.
kick off: To die or quit permanently.
kick off: To shut down or turn off suddenly.
kick off: To suddenly become more active.
kick off: To force the weaning of a bovine cow's calf by restricting the calf's access to its mother's udders, whether by literally kicking it away or another method.
kick off: To be overcome with anger, to start an argument or a fight.
kick off: To have a fight or argument start.
hold off: To delay (someone or something) temporarily; to keep at bay.
hold off: To delay commencing (an action until some specified time or event has passed).
hold out: To hold (something) out; to extend (something) forward.
hold out: To offer, present (a hope, possibility, opportunity etc.)
hold out: To wait, or refuse in hopes of getting something better (from a negotiation, etc.)
hold out: To survive, endure.
hold out: To withhold something.
hold out: To set aside something or save it for later.
missense: To sense incorrectly.
bepommel: To pommel; to beat, as with a stick.
bepommel: To assail or criticise in conversation, or in writing.
bepraise: To praise greatly or extravagantly.
tentacle: to move like a tentacle
download: To transfer data to a given computer from a remote one via a network.
download: Synonym of upload: to send data from a given computer to a remote one.
download: Synonym of copy: to transfer data to or from removable media.
download: Synonym of install: to load software forced.
download: To load a gun (especially a muzzle-loader) with less propellant than its designed load.
download: To transfer jurisdiction and responsibility of a government asset or service to a lower level of government.
asterisk: To mark or replace (text, etc.) with an asterisk symbol (*; noun sense 1.1); to star.
pressure: To encourage or heavily exert force or influence.
platinum: to reach platinum level in a game
foreplay: To engage in foreplay.
laureled: simple past and past participle of laurel
laughing: present participle and gerund of laugh
jaundice: To affect with jaundice; to color by prejudice or envy; to prejudice.
terminal: To store bulk liquids (such as oil or chemicals) in storage tanks prior to further distribution.
accursed: simple past and past participle of accurse
laudanum: To add laudanum to (a drink or the like).
laudanum: To cause (a person) to be high on laudanum.
laureate: To honor with a wreath of laurel, as formerly was done in bestowing a degree at English universities.
fireball: To explode in a ball of flame.
fireball: To pitch the ball very fast.
fireball: To attack with balls of fire.
snowball: To rapidly grow out of proportion or control.
snowball: To play at throwing snowballs.
snowball: To pelt with snowballs; to throw snowballs at.
snowball: To receive ejaculated semen in one's mouth, and to then pass it back and forth between one’s mouth and another person’s mouth.
champion: To promote, advocate, or act as a champion for (a cause, etc.).
champion: To challenge.
acervate: To heap up.
accumber: To encumber; to crush; to overwhelm.
blessing: present participle and gerund of bless
marathon: To run a marathon.
marathon: To watch or read a large number of instalments of (a film, book, TV series, etc.) in one sitting.
manifest: To show plainly; to make to appear distinctly, usually to the mind; to put beyond question or doubt; to display; to exhibit.
manifest: To become manifest; to be revealed.
manifest: To will something to exist.
manifest: To exhibit the manifests or prepared invoices of; to declare at the customhouse.
accosted: simple past and past participle of accost
accouple: To join; to couple.
accouter: To furnish with dress or equipments, especially those for military service
monolith: To create (something) as, or convert (one or more things) into, a monolith.
monolith: To cast (one or more concrete components) in a single piece with no joints.
monolith: To create (something) as, or convert (one or more things) into, a monolith.
monolith: To reduce the height and size of (a dead tree) by breaking off or cutting its branches.
monolith: To create (something) as, or convert (one or more things) into, a monolith.
standoff: Nonstandard spelling of stand off.
fraction: To divide or break into fractions.
splinter: To come apart into long sharp fragments.
splinter: To cause to break apart into long sharp fragments.
splinter: To break, or cause to break, into factions.
splinter: To fasten or confine with splinters, or splints, as a broken limb.
accoutre: Alternative form of accouter
hallowed: simple past and past participle of hallow
sinecure: To put or place in a sinecure.
railroad: To transport via railroad.
railroad: To operate a railroad.
railroad: To work for a railroad.
railroad: To travel by railroad.
railroad: To engage in a hobby pertaining to railroads.
railroad: To manipulate and hasten a procedure, as of formal approval of a law or resolution.
railroad: To convict of a crime by circumventing due process.
railroad: To procedurally bully someone into an unfair agreement.
railroad: To force characters to complete a task before allowing the plot to continue.
railroad: To run fabric horizontally instead of the usual vertically.
function: To have a function.
function: To carry out a function; to be in action.
hallmark: To provide or stamp with a hallmark.
detonate: To explode; to blow up. Specifically, to combust or decompose supersonically via shock compression.
detonate: To cause to explode.
detonate: To express sudden anger.
jackboot: To stamp on with a jackboot.
jackboot: To march in jackboots.
pleasure: To give or afford pleasure to.
pleasure: To give sexual pleasure to.
pleasure: To take pleasure; to seek or pursue pleasure.
birthday: To celebrate one's birthday.
campaign: To take part in a campaign.
campaign: Consistently ride in races for a racing season.
blizzard: To fall in windy conditions.
crossing: present participle and gerund of cross
shanghai: To force or trick someone to go somewhere or do something against their will or interest, particularly
shanghai: To press-gang sailors, especially (historical) for shipping or fishing work.
shanghai: To force or trick someone to go somewhere or do something against their will or interest, particularly
shanghai: To trick a suspect into entering a jurisdiction in which they can be lawfully arrested.
shanghai: To force or trick someone to go somewhere or do something against their will or interest, particularly
shanghai: To transfer a serviceman against their will.
shanghai: To force or trick someone to go somewhere or do something against their will or interest, particularly
shanghai: To commandeer, hijack, or otherwise (usually wrongfully) appropriate a place or thing.
shanghai: To hit with a slingshot.
banjaxed: simple past and past participle of banjax
unicycle: To travel or move around by unicycle.
show off: To exhibit the best attributes of something.
show off: To attract attention to for the purpose of bragging or personal exhibitionism; to demonstrate a skill, talent or property for the purpose of bragging or personal exhibitionism.
stand by: To wait in expectation of some event; to be ready.
stand by: To remain loyal or faithful to.
stand by: To support; to continue to support despite things being bad.
stand by: To do nothing. To be inactive in a situation.
tricycle: To ride a tricycle.
sandwich: To place (an item) physically between two other, usually flat, items.
sandwich: To put or set between two other events in time.
sandwich: To double penetrate.
sandwich: To feed sandwiches to.
sandwich: To eat sandwiches.
fructify: To bear fruit; to generate useful products or ideas.
fructify: To make productive or fruitful.
innuendo: To interpret (something libellous or slanderous) in terms of what was implied.
diamonds: third-person singular simple present indicative of diamond
paradise: To place (as) in paradise.
paradise: To transform into a paradise.
paradise: To affect or exalt with visions of happiness.
secluded: simple past and past participle of seclude
turn off: To dismiss; to fire.
turn off: To power down, to switch off, to put out of operation, to deactivate (an appliance, light, mechanism, functionality etc.).
turn off: To become deactivated; to become powered down.
turn off: To rotate a tap or valve so as to interrupt the outflow of liquid or gas.
turn off: To repulse, disgust, or discourage (someone).
turn off: To leave a road; to exit.
turn out: To end up; to result.
turn out: To succeed; work out; turn out well.
turn out: To attend; show up.
turn out: To go out; to leave one's home.
turn out: To extinguish a light or other device
turn out: To become apparent or known, especially (as) it turns out
turn out: To produce; make.
turn out: To leave a road.
turn out: To remove from a mould, bowl etc.
turn out: To empty for inspection.
turn out: To refuse service or shelter; to eject or evict.
turn out: To convince a person (usually a woman) to become a prostitute.
turn out: To rape; to coerce an otherwise heterosexual individual into performing a homosexual role.
turn out: To put (cattle) out to pasture.
turn out: To convince to vote
turn out: To leave one's work to take part in a strike.
turn out: To get out of bed; get up.
graphite: To apply graphite to.
somatize: To express (a psychological process) through physical symptoms such as pain or anxiety; to have a psychosomatic reaction to (e.g. a situation).
stand up: To rise from a lying or sitting position.
stand up: To bring something up and set it into a standing position; to set something up.
stand up: (stand someone up) To avoid a prearranged meeting, especially a date, with (a person) without prior notification; to jilt or shirk.
stand up: To last or endure over a period of time.
stand up: To continue to be believable, consistent, or plausible.
stand up: To stand immediately behind the wicket so as to catch balls from a slow or spin bowler, and to attempt to stump the batsman.
stand up: To launch, propel upwards
stand up: To formally activate and commission (a unit, formation, etc.).
stand up: to make one's voice heard, to speak up
violence: To subject to violence.
mushroom: To grow quickly to a large size or rapidly increase in scope or scale.
mushroom: To gather mushrooms.
mushroom: To form the shape of a mushroom.
mushroom: To form the shape of a mushroom.
mushroom: To form the shape of a mushroom when striking a soft target.
brothers: third-person singular simple present indicative of brother
couldn't: could not (negative auxiliary)
mightn't: might not (negative auxiliary)
oughtn't: (US, Canada, dated, rare) ought not (negative auxiliary).
wouldn't: would not (negative auxiliary)
template: To set up or mark off using a template.
template: To provide a template or pattern for.
template: To synthesize by means of a template.
included: simple past and past participle of include
identify: To establish the identity of someone or something.
identify: To disclose the identity of someone.
identify: To establish the taxonomic classification of an organism.
identify: To equate or make the same; to unite or combine into one.
identify: To have a strong affinity with; to feel oneself to be modelled on or connected to.
identify: To associate oneself with some group; to feel, or believe one feels, the same way.
identify: To claim an identity; to describe oneself as a member of a group; to assert the use of a particular term to describe oneself.
research: To search or examine with continued care; to seek diligently.
research: To make an extensive investigation into.
research: To search again.
paginate: To number the pages of (a book or other document); to foliate.
paginate: To separate (data) into batches, so that it can be retrieved with a number of smaller requests.
paginate: To graphically arrange the elements (texts, images, etc.) in a page of books or other publications, usually based on a graphic design decided in advance.
prestige: To start over at an earlier point in a video game with some type of bonus or reward.
pachinko: To tumble down through a series of obstacles.
fountain: To flow or gush as if from a fountain.
manifold: To make manifold; multiply.
manifold: To multiply or reproduce impressions of by a single operation.
compress: To make smaller; to press or squeeze together, or to make something occupy a smaller space or volume.
compress: To be pressed together or folded by compression into a more economic, easier format.
compress: To condense into a more economic, easier format.
compress: To abridge.
compress: To make digital information smaller by encoding it using fewer bits.
compress: To embrace sexually.
souvenir: To take (something) as a souvenir, especially illicitly, for example during wartime.
over-egg: To overembellish.
outsmart: To beat in a competition of wits.
sea lion: Alternative form of sealion (“engage in disingenuous debate”)
anecdote: To tell anecdotes (about).
suitcase: To trade using samples in a suitcase.
suitcase: To smuggle in one's rectum.
collapse: To break apart and fall down suddenly; to cave in.
collapse: To cease to function due to a sudden breakdown; to fail suddenly and completely.
collapse: To fold compactly.
collapse: To hide additional directory (folder) levels below the selected directory (folder) levels. When a folder contains no additional folders, a minus sign (-) appears next to the folder.
collapse: For several batsmen to get out in quick succession
collapse: To cause something to collapse.
collapse: To pass out and fall to the floor or ground, as from exhaustion or other illness; to faint.
envelope: Archaic form of envelop.
keystone: To distort (an image) by projecting it onto a surface at an angle, which for example causes a square to look like a trapezoid.
keystone: To double the cost price in order to determine the retail price; to apply a markup of 100%.
griefing: present participle and gerund of grief
neighbor: US standard spelling of neighbour.
hiccough: Alternative spelling of hiccup
think of: To create in one's mind; to originate an idea through thought.
think of: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see think, of. (to think on the subject of)
shallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of shallow
develope: Archaic spelling of develop.
replevin: To replevy.
vacation: To spend or take a vacation.
absolved: simple past and past participle of absolve
abetting: present participle and gerund of abet
acceding: present participle and gerund of accede
decision: To defeat an opponent by a decision of the judges, rather than by a knockout
endeavor: To exert oneself.
endeavor: To attempt through application of effort (to do something); to try strenuously.
endeavor: To attempt (something).
endeavor: To work with purpose.
acquired: simple past and past participle of acquire
adhering: present participle and gerund of adhere
long for: To have a desire for (a thing or an event).
long for: To miss (someone).
assuming: present participle and gerund of assume
addicted: simple past and past participle of addict
admitted: simple past and past participle of admit
squeegee: To use a squeegee.
admiring: present participle and gerund of admire
advising: present participle and gerund of advise
scrabble: To scrape or scratch powerfully with hands or claws.
scrabble: To gather hastily.
scrabble: To move with difficulty by making rapid movements back and forth with the hands or paws.
scrabble: To scribble.
scrabble: To mark with irregular lines or letters; to scribble on.
swimming: present participle and gerund of swim
admonish: To inform or notify of a fault; to rebuke gently or kindly, but seriously; to tell off.
admonish: To advise against wrongdoing; to caution; to warn against danger or an offense.
admonish: To instruct or direct.
phishing: present participle and gerund of phish
shackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shackle
advanced: simple past and past participle of advance
adequate: To equalize; to make adequate.
adequate: To equal.
passport: To regulate how money given to a local authority must be spent.
passport: Providing the legal requirements to enable or legitimize cross-border economic activity.
passport: To enable eligibility for a benefit automatically based on eligibility for a different benefit.
agonized: simple past and past participle of agonize
agitated: simple past and past participle of agitate
aggrieve: To cause someone to feel pain or sorrow to; to afflict
aggrieve: To grieve; to lament.
discover: To find or learn something for the first time.
discover: To remove the cover from; to uncover (a head, building etc.).
discover: To expose, uncover.
discover: To create by moving a piece out of another piece's line of attack.
discover: To question (a person) as part of discovery in a lawsuit.
discover: To reveal (information); to divulge, make known.
discover: To reconnoitre, explore (an area).
discover: To manifest without design; to show; to exhibit.
alluring: present participle and gerund of allure
maneuver: To move (something, or oneself) carefully, and often with difficulty, into a certain position.
maneuver: To guide, steer, manage purposefully
maneuver: To intrigue, manipulate, plot, scheme
mattress: To cover with a thick layer, like a mattress; to blanket.
stuffing: present participle and gerund of stuff
ambition: To seek after ambitiously or eagerly; to covet.
sabotage: To deliberately destroy or damage something in order to prevent it from being successful.
alliance: To connect or unite by alliance; to ally.
carillon: To play a carillon.
carillon: To ring out like a carillon.
genotype: To determine the genotype of.
animated: simple past and past participle of animate
announce: To give public notice of, especially for the first time; to make known.
announce: To pronounce; to declare by judicial sentence.
announce: To act as announcer for (an event, usually sports).
announce: To act or work as an announcer.
antidote: To counteract as an antidote.
annoying: present participle and gerund of annoy
ancestor: To be an ancestor of.
flamenco: To dance flamenco.
ornament: To decorate.
ornament: To add to.
register: To enter in a register; to enlist.
register: To sign-up, especially to vote.
register: To record, especially in writing.
register: To buy the full version of trial software by providing one's details and payment.
register: To express outward signs.
register: To record officially and handle specially.
register: To make or adjust so as to be properly or precisely aligned.
register: To place one's name, or have one's name placed in a register.
register: To make an impression.
register: To be in proper alignment; to align or correspond exactly.
register: To voluntarily sign over for safe keeping, abandoning complete ownership for partial.
disallow: To refuse to allow
disallow: To reject as invalid, untrue, or improper
disallow: to overrule a colonial legislation by the sovereign-in-privy council
shilling: present participle and gerund of shill
root for: To encourage (a favored person, team, or result).
describe: To represent in words.
describe: To represent by drawing; to draw a plan of; to delineate; to trace or mark out.
describe: To give rise to a geometrical structure.
describe: To introduce a new taxon to science by explaining its characteristics and particularly how it differs from other taxa.
describe: To distribute into parts, groups, or classes; to mark off; to class.
frogging: present participle and gerund of frog
hesitate: To stop or pause respecting decision or action; to be in suspense or uncertainty as to a determination.
hesitate: To stammer; to falter in speaking.
hesitate: To utter with hesitation or to intimate by a reluctant manner.
confused: simple past and past participle of confuse
crescent: To form a crescent shape
crescent: To decorate with crescents.
crotchet: to play music in measured time
crotchet: Archaic form of crochet (knit by looping)
exchange: To trade or barter.
exchange: To mutually direct at each other.
exchange: To replace with, as a substitute.
exchange: Clipping of exchange contracts.
exchange: To recommend and get recommendations.
waitress: To work as a waitress.
fall ill: To become ill, to get sick, to sicken.
teaspoon: To serve with a teaspoon
junction: To form a junction.
work out: To calculate.
work out: To make sense of.
work out: To develop or devise in detail; to elaborate.
work out: To smooth or perfect.
work out: To conclude with the correct solution.
work out: To succeed; to result in a satisfactory situation.
work out: To exercise, especially by lifting weights.
work out: To strengthen a part one’s body by exercise.
work out: To earn a wage working away from one's farm.
work out: To bring about or cause to happen by work or effort.
work out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see work, out.
work out: To remove all the mineral that can be profitably exploited.
starring: present participle and gerund of star
starring: That which has the specified actor or actors, especially those in lead roles, in its cast.
kick ass: To win decisively.
kick ass: To be very impressive.
kick ass: To beat to a pulp; beat up
vagabond: To roam, as a vagabond
shepherd: To watch over; to guide.
shepherd: To obstruct an opponent from getting to the ball, either when a teammate has it or is going for it, or if the ball is about to bounce through the goal or out of bounds.
outhouse: To house in a separate building.
alleluia: Alternative spelling of hallelujah
colonise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of colonize.
busybody: To meddle or interfere.
bareback: To engage in penetrative sex without a condom.
bareback: To sexually penetrate without a condom.
treasure: To consider to be precious; to value highly.
treasure: To store or stow in a safe place.
treasure: To enrich.
closeted: simple past and past participle of closet
colonize: To settle (a place) with colonists, and hence make (a place) into a colony.
colonize: To settle (a group of people, a species, or the like) in a place as a colony.
colonize: To settle among and establish control over (the indigenous people of an area).
colonize: To begin a colony or colonies.
colonize: To intrude into and take over (the autonomy, experience, social movement, etc, of a less powerful person or group); to commandeer or appropriate.
filtrate: To filter.
wait for: To wait until the specified event occurs.
wait for: To await the arrival of.
Jim Crow: To work towards legislation that incorporates a discriminatory caste system or racial segregation.
approach: To come or go near, in place or time; to move toward; to advance nearer; to draw nigh.
approach: To play an approach shot.
approach: Used intransitively, followed by to: to draw near (to someone or something); to make advances; to approximate or become almost equal.
approach: Of an immovable object or a number of such objects: to be positioned as to (notionally) appear to be moving towards (a place).
approach: To move toward (someone or something) in place, time, character, or value; to draw nearer to.
approach: To bring (something) near something else; to cause (something) to draw near.
approach: To attempt to make (a policy) or solve (a problem).
approach: To bring up or propose to (someone) an idea, question, request, etc.
approach: To have sexual intercourse with (someone).
approach: To take approaches to (a place); to move towards (a place) by using covered roads, trenches, or other works.
romanize: To put letters or words written in another writing system into the Latin (Roman) alphabet.
romanize: To bring under the authority or influence of Rome.
romanize: To make or become Roman in character or style.
romanize: To make or become Roman Catholic in religion (by conversion), character or style.
romanize: To fill with Latin words or idioms.
converse: To talk; to engage in conversation.
converse: To keep company; to hold intimate intercourse; to commune.
converse: To have knowledge of (a thing), from long intercourse or study.
forebode: To predict a future event; to hint at something that will happen (especially as a literary device).
forebode: To be prescient of (some ill or misfortune); to have an inward conviction of, as of a calamity which is about to happen; to augur despondingly.
take off: To remove.
take off: To imitate somebody, often in a satirical manner.
take off: To leave the ground and begin flight; to ascend into the air.
take off: To become successful, to flourish.
take off: To depart.
take off: To quantify.
take off: To absent oneself from (work or other responsibility), especially with permission.
take off: To take drugs; to inject drugs.
take off: To steal (something) or rob (someone).
take off: To swallow.
conspire: To secretly plot or make plans together, often with the intention to bring bad or illegal results; to collude.
conspire: To agree, to concur to one end.
conspire: To work together to bring about.
harangue: To give a forceful and lengthy lecture or criticism to someone.
spotface: to create or fashion a spotface
Japanize: To nipponize.
dismount: To (cause to) get off (something).
dismount: To make (a mounted drive) unavailable for use.
dismount: To come down; to descend.
dismount: To throw (cannon) off their carriages.
vanquish: To defeat (someone); to overcome.
clothing: present participle and gerund of clothe
celibate: To practice celibacy
aborting: present participle and gerund of abort
palisade: To equip with a palisade.
accessed: simple past and past participle of access
abhorred: simple past and past participle of abhor
bloviate: To speak or discourse at length in a pompous or boastful manner.
shoehorn: To use a shoehorn.
shoehorn: To force (something) into (a tight space); to squeeze (something) into (a schedule, etc); to exert great effort to insert or include (something); to include (something) despite potent reasons not to.
shoehorn: To force some current event into alignment with some (usually unconnected) agenda, especially when it is fallacious.
renegade: To desert one's cause, or change one's loyalties; to commit betrayal.
ensconce: To place in a secure environment.
ensconce: To settle comfortably.
decimate: To kill one-tenth of (a group), (historical, specifically) as a military punishment in the Roman army selected by lot, usually carried out by the surviving soldiers.
decimate: To destroy or remove one-tenth of (something).
decimate: To devastate: to reduce or destroy significantly but not completely.
decimate: To exact a tithe or other 10% tax.
decimate: To tithe: to pay a 10% tax.
decimate: To divide into tenths; to decimalize.
decimate: To reduce to one-tenth: to destroy or remove nine-tenths of (something).
decimate: To replace (a high-resolution model) with another of lower but acceptable quality.
permeate: To pass through the pores or interstices of; to penetrate and pass through without causing rupture or displacement; applied especially to fluids which pass through substances of loose texture
permeate: To enter and spread through; to pervade.
credence: To give credence to; to believe.
marinate: To allow a sauce or flavoring mixture to absorb into something; to steep or soak something in a marinade to flavor or prepare it for cooking.
marinate: Of ideas or feelings, to mentally develop over time
manœuvre: Alternative form of manoeuvre
memorize: To fully learn so as to have entirely available to the memory; to learn by heart, commit to memory.
première: Alternative spelling of premiere
bludgeon: To strike or hit with something hard, usually on the head; to club.
bludgeon: To coerce someone, as if with a bludgeon.
perceive: To become aware of, through the physical senses, to see; to understand.
perceive: To interpret something in a particular way
premiere: Of a film or play, to play for the first time.
premiere: To present a film or play for the first time.
vouvoyer: Alternative form of vousvoyer
immolate: To kill as a sacrifice.
immolate: To kill or destroy, especially by fire.
wormhole: To make porous or permeable through the formation of small holes or tunnels.
piss off: To leave, to go away.
piss off: To annoy, anger.
lacerate: To tear, rip or wound.
lacerate: To defeat thoroughly; to thrash.
embiggen: To enlarge; to make bigger.
embiggen: To enlarge or grow; to become bigger.
optimize: To act optimistically or as an optimist.
optimize: To make (something) optimal.
optimize: To make (something) more efficient, such as a computer program.
optimize: To become optimal.
position: To put into place.
uncipher: To decode or decipher.
aggerate: To heap up.
cupboard: To collect, as into a cupboard; to hoard.
ruminate: To chew cud. (Said of ruminants.) Involves regurgitating partially digested food from the rumen.
ruminate: To meditate or reflect.
ruminate: To meditate or ponder over; to muse on.
shortcut: To take or use a shortcut
fragment: To break apart.
fragment: To cause to be broken into pieces.
fragment: To break up and disperse (a file) into non-contiguous areas of a disk.
perverse: To pervert.
wardrobe: To act as a wardrobe department, to provide clothing or sets of clothes.
wardrobe: Ordering a clothing item online and returning it for a refund after having worn it.
wardrobe: Ordering multiple sizes of the same clothing item online and returning all but the one that fits best.
dry-tool: To climb bare rock using ice climbing equipment.
dry-tool: To have sexual intercourse without lubricant.
aventure: Obsolete form of adventure.
question: To ask questions of; to interrogate; to ask for information.
question: To raise doubts about; have doubts about.
question: To ask a question or questions; inquire or seek to know; examine.
question: To argue; to converse; to dispute.
occasion: To cause; to produce; to induce
blow off: To vent, usually, to reduce pressure in a container.
blow off: To let steam escape through a passage provided for the purpose.
blow off: To pass gas; to break wind, to fart.
blow off: To shirk or disregard (a duty or person).
blow off: To forcibly disconnect something by use of a firearm or explosive device.
blow off: To remove something by blowing on it.
blow off: To force to leave a course.
turncoat: To act as a turncoat; to betray
ridicule: to criticize or disapprove of someone or something through scornful jocularity; to make fun of
bruising: present participle and gerund of bruise
elevator: To move in an elevator.
disclude: To disclose, make known.
disclude: To exclude, not include; to remove from inclusion.
alienate: To convey or transfer to another, as title, property, or right; to part voluntarily with ownership of.
alienate: To estrange; to withdraw affections or attention from; to make indifferent or averse, where love or friendship before subsisted.
alienate: To cause one to feel unable to relate.
joystick: To manoeuvre by means of a joystick.
interred: simple past and past participle of inter
merchant: As a resident of a region, to buy goods from a non-resident and sell them to another non-resident.
chipmunk: To speed up (an audio recording, especially a song), to make the voices high-pitched.
chipmunk: To fill (one's mouth or cheeks) with food.
chipmunk: To stuff (food) into one's mouth or cheeks, sometimes as part of competitive eating.
heave-to: To stop (a seagoing vessel).
heave-to: To back-wind the jib and luff the main to hold a position especially in heavy seas.
crayfish: to catch crayfish
crayfish: Alternative form of crawfish (to backpedal, desert, or withdraw)
toy with: To handle something in a careless or frivolous manner.
toy with: To play, especially with or as with a toy.
skeleton: To reduce to a skeleton; to skin; to skeletonize.
skeleton: To minimize.
recluded: simple past and past participle of reclude
database: To enter data into a database.
foreskin: To remove the foreskin.
foreskin: To sexually stimulate by manipulating the foreskin.
disorder: To throw into a state of disorder.
disorder: To knock out of order or sequence.
dispatch: To send (a shipment) with promptness.
dispatch: To send (a person) away hastily.
dispatch: To send (an important official message) promptly, by means of a diplomat or military officer.
dispatch: To send (a journalist) to a place in order to report.
dispatch: To dispose of speedily, as business; to execute quickly; to make a speedy end of; to finish; to perform.
dispatch: To rid; to free.
dispatch: To destroy (someone or something) quickly and efficiently.
dispatch: To defeat
dispatch: To pass on for further processing, especially via a dispatch table (often with to).
dispatch: To hurry.
dispatch: To deprive.
blockade: To create a blockade against.
aphorism: To speak or write aphorisms.
clambake: To smoke marijuana in an enclosed space such as a car with the windows up.
clambake: To enclose something and fill it with smoke by smoking (usually marijuana) inside it.
porpoise: Said of an air-breathing aquatic animal such as a porpoise or penguin: To repeatedly jump out of the water to take a breath and dive back in a continuous motion.
porpoise: Said of an aircraft: to make a series of plunges when taking off or landing; or of a watercraft: to successively plunge up and down in the water.
headbutt: To deliver a sharp blow by driving the head into an opponent or object.
frequent: To visit often.
protocol: To make a protocol of.
protocol: To make or write protocols, or first drafts; to issue protocols.
doughnut: Encircle.
mitigate: To reduce, lessen, or decrease and thereby to make less severe or easier to bear.
mitigate: To downplay.
surprise: To cause (someone) to feel unusually alarmed or delighted by something unexpected.
surprise: To do something to (a person) that they are not expecting, as a surprise.
surprise: To undergo or witness something unexpected.
surprise: To cause surprise.
surprise: To attack unexpectedly.
surprise: To take unawares.
lipstick: To apply lipstick to; to paint with lipstick.
nickname: To give a nickname to (a person or thing).
ultimate: To finish; to complete.
withheld: simple past and past participle of withhold
stocking: present participle and gerund of stock
dewikify: To remove wiki markup formatting, such as internal links.
squitter: To create watery stool; to squirt.
squitter: To broadcast squitter.
teaching: present participle and gerund of teach
lionised: simple past and past participle of lionise
withhold: To keep (a physical object that one has obtained) to oneself rather than giving it back to its owner.
withhold: To keep (information, assent etc) to oneself rather than revealing it.
withhold: To stay back, to refrain.
castrate: To remove the testicles of a person or animal.
castrate: To remove the ovaries and/or uterus of an animal.
castrate: To take something from; to render imperfect or ineffectual.
rickshaw: To move someone by means of a rickshaw.
learning: present participle and gerund of learn
dogsbody: To act as a dogsbody, to do menial work:
dogsbody: To act as a dogsbody, to do menial work
greeking: present participle and gerund of greek.
kamikaze: To destroy (a ship, etc.) in a suicide attack, especially by crashing an aircraft.
kamikaze: To carry out a suicide attack, especially by crashing an aircraft.
kamikaze: To fail disastrously.
material: To form from matter; to materialize.
necropsy: The act of performing a necropsy.
inchoate: To begin or start (something).
inchoate: To cause or bring about. In Crime: to encourage, assist, conspire, aid & abet, incite etc
inchoate: To make a start.
transfer: To move or pass from one place, person or thing to another.
transfer: To convey the impression of (something) from one surface to another.
transfer: To exit one mass transit vehicle and board another (typically one belonging to a different line or mode of transportation) to continue a journey.
transfer: To be or become transferred.
transfer: To arrange for something to belong to or be officially controlled by somebody else.
astonish: To surprise greatly.
catapult: To fire a missile from a catapult.
catapult: To fire or launch something, as if from a catapult.
catapult: To increase the status of something rapidly.
catapult: To be fired from a catapult or as if from a catapult.
catapult: To have one's status increased rapidly.
disabuse: To free (someone) of a misconception or misapprehension; to unveil a falsehood held by (someone).
firebolt: To strike with a firebolt.
firehose: To wash something down with a firehose; to douse with a large amount of water (or chemical agent) sprayed from a hose, to extinguish a fire.
befriend: To become a friend of, to make friends with.
befriend: To act as a friend to, to assist.
befriend: To favor.
consider: To think about seriously.
consider: To think about something seriously or carefully: to deliberate.
consider: To think of doing.
consider: To assign some quality to.
consider: To look at attentively.
consider: To take up as an example.
consider: To debate (or dispose of) a motion.
consider: To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.
consider: To believe or opine (that).
lock out: To inadvertently prevent (a person, particularly oneself) from entering a place, by leaving it locked.
lock out: To prevent from accessing a data structure.
stemming: present participle and gerund of stem
blackout: Alternative form of black out
hoodwink: To cover the eyes with, or as if with, a hood; to blindfold.
hoodwink: To deceive using a disguise; to bewile, dupe, mislead.
hoodwink: To hide or obscure.
hoodwink: To close the eyes.
meditate: To contemplate; to keep the mind fixed upon something; to study.
meditate: To sit or lie down and come to a deep rest while still remaining conscious.
meditate: To consider; to reflect on.
militate: To give force or effect toward; to influence.
militate: To fight.
postcard: To send a postcard to someone.
postcard: To send by means of a postcard.
spiffing: present participle and gerund of spiff
dissuade: To convince not to try or do.
geek out: To enthuse about a specific topic; to be engrossed in an interest, especially in discussing it with others.
geek out: To do geeky things; to act geeky.
geek out: To be scared, freak out, panic; to hesitate in fear.
geek out: To scare or freak out (somebody).
flounder: To act clumsily or confused; to struggle or be flustered.
flounder: To flop around as a fish out of water.
flounder: To make clumsy attempts to move or regain one's balance.
flounder: To be in serious difficulty.
property: To invest with properties, or qualities.
property: To make a property of; to appropriate.
shoplift: To steal something from a shop or store during business hours, usually by means of hiding merchandise.
shoplift: To steal from shops / stores during trading hours.
conflict: To be at odds (with); to disagree or be incompatible
conflict: To overlap (with), as in a schedule.
disgorge: To vomit or spew, to discharge.
disgorge: To surrender (stolen goods or money, for example) unwillingly.
disgorge: To remove traces of yeast from sparkling wine by the méthode champenoise.
persuade: To successfully convince (someone) to agree to, accept, or do something, usually through reasoning and verbal influence.
persuade: To convince of by argument, or by reasons offered or suggested from reflection, etc.; to cause to believe (something).
persuade: To urge, plead; to try to convince (someone to do something).
estimate: To calculate roughly, often from imperfect data.
estimate: To judge and form an opinion of the value of, from imperfect data.
bristles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bristle
solution: To treat with a solution.
twoccing: present participle and gerund of twoc
practice: Alternative spelling of practise
compiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of compile
tomahawk: To strike or cut up with a tomahawk.
tomahawk: To girdle or incise the trees around (an area of land) so as to claim ownership of it.
tomahawk: To perform a tomahawk dunk.
suss out: To come to understand (a person).
suss out: To manage to work (something) out, to determine (something).
chillin': present participle of chill; Alternative form of chilling
spoofing: present participle and gerund of spoof
offshore: To move industrial production from one region to another or from one country to another, usually seeking lower business costs, like labor.
conquest: To conquer.
conquest: To compete with an established competitor by placing advertisements for one's own products adjacent to editorial content relating to the competitor or by using terms and keywords for one's own products that are currently associated with the competitor.
contrary: To oppose; to frustrate.
contrary: To impugn.
contrary: To contradict (someone or something).
contrary: To do the opposite of (someone or something).
contrary: To act inconsistently or perversely; to act in opposition to.
contrary: To argue; to debate; to uphold an opposite opinion.
contrary: To be self-contradictory; to become reversed.
bunghole: Alternative spelling of bung-hole
deflower: To take the virginity of (somebody), especially a woman or girl.
deflower: To deprive of flowers.
deflower: To deprive of grace and beauty.
contract: To draw together or nearer; to shorten, narrow, or lessen.
contract: To shorten by omitting a letter or letters or by reducing two or more vowels or syllables to one.
contract: To enter into a contract with.
contract: To enter into, with mutual obligations; to make a bargain or covenant for.
contract: To make an agreement or contract; to covenant; to agree; to bargain.
contract: To bring on; to incur; to acquire.
contract: To gain or acquire (an illness).
contract: To draw together so as to wrinkle; to knit.
contract: To betroth; to affiance.
commence: To begin, start.
commence: To begin to be, or to act as.
commence: To take a degree at a university.
confound: To perplex or puzzle.
confound: To stun or amaze.
confound: To fail to see the difference; to mix up; to confuse right and wrong.
confound: To make something worse.
confound: To combine in a confused fashion; to mingle so as to make the parts indistinguishable.
confound: To cause to be ashamed; to abash.
confound: To defeat, to frustrate, to thwart.
confound: To damn (a mild oath).
confound: To destroy, ruin, or devastate; to bring to ruination.
complain: To express feelings of pain, dissatisfaction, or resentment.
complain: To make a formal accusation or bring a formal charge.
complain: To creak or squeak, as a timber or wheel.
cocktail: To adulterate (fuel, etc.) by mixing in other substances.
cocktail: To treat (a person) to cocktails.
circular: To distribute circulars to or at.
circular: To extend in a circular direction.
starfish: To assume a splayed-out shape, like that of a starfish.
starfish: To form into a splayed-out shape, like that of a starfish.
compound: To form (a resulting mixture) by combining different elements, ingredients, or parts; to mingle with something else.
compound: To settle by agreeing on less than the claim, or on different terms than those stipulated.
compound: To settle amicably; to adjust by agreement.
compound: To come to terms of agreement; to settle by a compromise.
compound: To compose; to constitute.
compound: To increase in value with interest, where the interest is earned on both the principal sum and prior earned interest.
compound: To worsen a situation.
compound: Of a horse: to fail to maintain speed.
exerting: present participle and gerund of exert
opposing: present participle and gerund of oppose
employed: simple past and past participle of employ
coquette: Alternative form of coquet
appraise: To determine the value or worth of (something), particularly as a person appointed for this purpose.
appraise: To consider comprehensively.
appraise: To judge the performance of someone, especially a worker.
appraise: To estimate; to conjecture.
appraise: To praise; to commend.
appraise: To apprise, inform.
badinage: To engage in badinage or playful banter.
recharge: To charge an electric battery after its power has been consumed.
recharge: To invigorate and revitalize one's energy level by removing stressful agents for a period of time.
recharge: To reload a gun with ammunition.
recharge: To add or restore water to an aquifer.
recharge: To request payment again from.
recharge: To charge or accuse in return.
recharge: To attack again or anew.
bequeath: To give or leave by will; to give by testament.
bequeath: To hand down; to transmit.
bequeath: To give; to offer; to commit.
comprise: To be made up of; to consist of (especially a comprehensive list of parts).
comprise: To compose; to constitute.
comprise: To contain or embrace.
comprise: To include, contain, or be made up of, defining the minimum elements, whether essential or inessential to define an invention.
disburse: To pay out, expend; usually from a public fund or treasury.
disinter: To take out of the grave or tomb.
disinter: To bring out, as from a grave or hiding place; to bring from obscurity into view.
assemble: To put together.
assemble: To gather as a group.
assemble: To translate from assembly language to machine code.
enswathe: To swathe or envelop (someone or something), as in swaddling clothes.
disprove: To prove to be false or erroneous; to confute; to refute.
cavalier: Of a man: to act in a gallant and dashing manner toward (women).
disarray: To throw into disorder; to break the array of.
disarray: To take off the dress of; to unrobe.
enshrine: To enclose (a sacred relic etc.) in a shrine or chest.
enshrine: To preserve or cherish (something) as though in a shrine; to preserve or contain, especially with some reverence.
enshrine: To protect (an idea, ideal, or philosophy) within an official law or treaty.
disquiet: To make (someone or something) worried or anxious.
contrive: To invent by an exercise of ingenuity; to devise
contrive: To invent, to make devices; to form designs especially by improvisation.
contrive: To project, cast, or set forth, as in a projection of light.
contrive: To spend (time, or a period).
struggle: To strive, to labour in difficulty, to fight (for or against), to contend.
struggle: To have difficulty with something.
struggle: To strive, or to make efforts, with a twisting, or with contortions of the body.
evacuate: To leave or withdraw from; to quit; to retire from
evacuate: To cause (or help) to leave or withdraw from.
evacuate: To make empty; to empty out; to remove the contents of, including to create a vacuum.
evacuate: To make empty; to deprive.
evacuate: To remove; to eject; to void; to discharge, as the contents of a vessel, or of the bowels.
evacuate: To make void; to nullify; to vacate.
heighten: To make high; to raise higher; to elevate.
heighten: To advance, increase, augment, make larger, more intense, stronger etc.
strength: To strengthen (all senses).
disperse: To scatter in different directions.
disperse: To break up and disappear; to dissipate.
disperse: To disseminate.
disperse: To separate rays of light, etc., according to wavelength; to refract.
disperse: To distribute throughout.
disgrace: To put someone out of favor; to bring shame or ignominy upon.
discount: To deduct from an account, debt, charge, and the like.
discount: To lend money upon, deducting the discount or allowance for interest.
discount: To take into consideration beforehand; to anticipate and form conclusions concerning (an event).
discount: To leave out of account or regard as unimportant.
discount: To lend, or make a practice of lending, money, abating the discount
discount: To believe, or act as though one believes, that one's own feelings are more important than the reality of a situation.
knapsack: To go hiking while burdened with a knapsack, usually overnight or for longer.
interact: To act upon each other.
interact: To engage in communication and other shared activities (with someone).
interact: To act upon each other.
interact: To affect each other.
frighten: To cause to feel fear; to scare; to cause to feel alarm or fright.
mismatch: To match unsuitably; to fail to match
maintain: To keep up; to preserve; to uphold (a state, condition etc.).
maintain: To declare or affirm (a clause) to be true; to assert.
maintain: To keep in good condition and working order.
maintain: To support (someone), to back up or assist (someone) in an action.
fortress: To furnish with a fortress or with fortresses; to guard, to fortify.
indicate: To point out; to discover; to direct to a knowledge of; to show; to make known.
indicate: To show or manifest by symptoms; to point to as the proper remedies.
indicate: To signal in a vehicle the desire to turn right or left.
indicate: To investigate the condition or power of, as of steam engine, by means of an indicator.
overstay: To remain present after the agreed or appropriate departure time.
overstay: To remain present beyond the limits of.
outweigh: To exceed in weight or mass.
outweigh: To exceed in importance or value.
farewell: To bid farewell or say goodbye.
document: To record in documents.
document: To furnish with documents or papers necessary to establish facts or give information.
perforce: To force; to compel.
moralize: To make moral reflections (on, upon, about or over something); to regard acts and events as involving a moral.
moralize: To say (something) expressing a moral reflection or judgment.
moralize: To render moral; to correct the morals of; to give the appearance of morality to.
moralize: To give a moral quality to; to affect the moral quality of, either for better or worse.
moralize: To apply to a moral purpose; to explain in a moral sense; to draw a moral from.
moralize: To supply with moral lessons, teachings, or examples; to lend a moral to.
improper: To appropriate; to limit.
improper: To behave improperly
rehearse: To repeat, as what has been already said; to tell over again; to recite.
rehearse: To narrate; to relate; to tell.
rehearse: To practise by recitation or repetition in private for experiment and improvement, prior to a public representation, especially in theater
rehearse: To cause to rehearse; to instruct by rehearsal.
rehearse: To contrive and carefully prepare (a story, etc.) to offer consistency.
liberate: To set free, to make or allow to be free, particularly
liberate: To release from slavery: to manumit.
liberate: To set free, to make or allow to be free, particularly
liberate: To release from servitude or unjust rule.
liberate: To set free, to make or allow to be free, particularly
liberate: To release from restraint or inhibition.
liberate: To set free, to make or allow to be free, particularly
liberate: To release from chemical bonds or solutions.
liberate: To acquire from an enemy during wartime, used especially of cities, regions, and other population centers.
liberate: To acquire from another by theft or force: to steal, to rob.
preserve: To protect; to keep from harm or injury.
preserve: To save from decay by the use of some preservative substance, such as sugar or salt; to season and prepare (fruits, meat, etc.) for storage.
preserve: To maintain throughout; to keep intact.
scribble: To write or draw carelessly and in a hurry.
scribble: To doodle.
scribble: To write badly; to work as an inferior author or journalist.
scribble: To card or tease (wool) coarsely; to run through a scribbler.
saturate: To cause to become completely permeated with, or soaked (especially with a liquid).
saturate: To fill thoroughly or to excess.
saturate: To satisfy the affinity of; to cause a substance to become inert by chemical combination with all that it can hold.
saturate: To render pure, or of a colour free from white light.
roulette: To separate or decorate by incisions made with a small toothed wheel.
frontier: To live as pioneers on frontier territory.
frontier: To place on the frontier.
overlook: To offer a view (of something) from a higher position.
overlook: To fail to notice; to look over and beyond (anything) without seeing it.
overlook: To pretend not to have noticed (something, especially a mistake or flaw); to pass over (something) without censure or punishment.
overlook: To look down upon from above or from a higher location.
overlook: To supervise, oversee; to watch over.
overlook: To observe or watch (someone or something) surreptitiously or secretly.
overlook: To inspect (something); to examine; to look over carefully or repeatedly.
overlook: To look upon with an evil eye; to bewitch by looking upon; to fascinate.
underlet: To let below the value.
underlet: Synonym of sublet.
underset: To set under or beneath.
underset: To prop or support.
sanguine: To stain with blood; to impart the colour of blood to; to ensanguine.
ordained: simple past and past participle of ordain
agreeing: present participle and gerund of agree
progress: To move, go, or proceed forward; to advance.
progress: To develop.
progress: To develop.
progress: To improve; to become better or more complete.
progress: To expedite.
demonize: To turn into a demon.
demonize: To describe or represent as evil or diabolic, usually falsely.
stalling: present participle and gerund of stall
vignette: To make, as an engraving or a photograph, with a border or edge gradually fading away.
gimcrack: To put together quickly and without much care; to bodge.
gimcrack: To embellish with gimcracks.
striking: present participle and gerund of strike
purchase: To buy, obtain by payment of a price in money or its equivalent.
purchase: To pursue and obtain; to acquire by seeking; to gain, obtain, or acquire.
purchase: To obtain by any outlay, as of labor, danger, or sacrifice, etc.
purchase: To expiate by a fine or forfeit.
purchase: To apply to (anything) a device for obtaining a mechanical advantage; to get a purchase upon, or apply a purchase to; to raise or move by mechanical means.
purchase: To put forth effort to obtain anything; to strive; to exert oneself.
purchase: To constitute the buying power for a purchase, have a trading value.
venerate: To treat with great respect and deference.
venerate: To revere or hold in awe.
moderate: To reduce the excessiveness of (something)
moderate: To become less excessive
moderate: To preside over (something) as a moderator
moderate: To act as a moderator; to assist in bringing to compromise
moderate: To supply with a moderator (substance that decreases the speed of neutrons in a nuclear reactor and hence increases likelihood of fission).
decorate: To furnish with decorations.
decorate: To improve the appearance of an interior of, as a house, room, or office.
decorate: To decorate an interior space, as a house, room, or office.
decorate: To honor by providing a medal, ribbon, or other adornment.
decorate: To extend a method, etc. by attaching some further code item.
copyleft: To license under a copyleft license.
stock up: To acquire or increase stock or inventory.
stock up: To swell up (usually refers to edema in a leg).
stock up: To extirpate; to dig up.
beautify: To make beautiful; to increase the beauty of.
beautify: To make beautiful; to increase the beauty of.
beautify: Synonym of pretty-print
beautify: To become beautiful.
beautify: To make oneself beautiful.
jerk off: To masturbate, usually of a male.
jerk off: To manually stimulate another person's penis.
jerk off: To do nothing; to waste time.
jerk off: To deceive.
jerk off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see jerk, off.
stipping: present participle and gerund of stip
organize: To arrange in working order.
organize: To constitute in parts, each having a special function, act, office, or relation; to systematize.
organize: To furnish with organs; to give an organic structure to; to endow with capacity for the functions of life
organize: To sing in parts.
organize: To band together into a group or union that can bargain and act collectively; to unionize.
striated: simple past and past participle of striate
protrude: To extend from, above or beyond a surface or boundary; to bulge outward; to stick out.
protrude: To cause to extend from a surface or boundary; to cause to stick out.
protrude: To cause to extend from a surface or boundary; to cause to stick out.
protrude: To thrust out, as through a narrow orifice or from confinement; to cause to come forth.
protrude: To thrust forward; to drive or force along.
eventify: To make into a special event.
lowering: present participle and gerund of lower
zonk out: To fall suddenly into a very deep sleep.
butchers: third-person singular simple present indicative of butcher
enervate: To reduce strength or energy; debilitate.
enervate: To weaken morally or mentally.
enervate: To partially or completely remove a nerve.
iron out: To remove (a crease or creases) with an iron.
iron out: To make (something) flat or smooth as if with an iron.
iron out: To resolve (a dispute); to solve (a problem).
iron out: To thrash or beat up; to overwhelm in a fight.
iron out: To kill.
addorsed: simple past and past participle of addorse
estivate: To go into stasis or torpor in the summer months.
watchdog: To perform a function analogous to that of a watchdog; to guard and warn.
watchdog: To be continuously reset by a watchdog timer.
starting: present participle and gerund of start
articles: third-person singular simple present indicative of article
downsize: To reduce in size or number.
downsize: To reduce the workforce of.
downsize: To terminate the employment of.
provided: simple past and past participle of provide
parasite: To parasitize.
evidence: To provide evidence for, or suggest the truth of.
speaking: present participle and gerund of speak
aspirate: To remove a liquid or gas by means of suction.
aspirate: To inhale so as to draw something other than air into one's lungs.
aspirate: To produce an audible puff of breath, especially following a consonant, such as the letter "h" at the beginning of house or hat in standard English.
whomp on: To defeat thoroughly; to trounce.
whomp up: To produce quickly, particularly a meal.
whomp up: To incite or generate.
envision: To conceive or see something within one's mind. To imagine.
scimitar: To strike or slice with, or as if with, a scimitar.
acquaint: To furnish or give experimental knowledge of; to make (one) know; to make familiar.
acquaint: To communicate notice to; to inform; let know.
acquaint: To familiarize; to accustom.
upcoming: present participle and gerund of upcome
oncoming: present participle and gerund of oncome
lollygag: To dawdle; to be lazy or idle; to avoid necessary work or effort.
lollygag: To gag on a lollipop.
lollygag: To fool around, especially sexually.
mourning: present participle and gerund of mourn
services: third-person singular simple present indicative of service
mishmash: To mix together, especially in a confused way.
mishmash: To become mixed together.
diminish: To make smaller.
diminish: To become less or smaller.
diminish: To lessen the authority or dignity of; to put down; to degrade; to abase; to weaken; to nerf (in gaming).
diminish: To taper.
diminish: To disappear gradually.
diminish: To take away; to subtract.
conceive: To have a child; to become pregnant (with).
conceive: To develop; to form in the mind; to imagine.
conceive: To imagine (as); to have a conception of; to form a representation of.
conceive: To understand (someone).
brandish: To move or swing a weapon back and forth, particularly if demonstrating anger, threat or skill.
brandish: To bear something with ostentatious show.
freefall: To drop in a state of freefall.
initiate: To begin; to start.
initiate: To instruct in the rudiments or principles; to introduce.
initiate: To confer membership on; especially, to admit to a secret order with mysterious rites or ceremonies.
initiate: To do the first act; to perform the first rite; to take the initiative.
proclaim: To announce or declare.
proclaim: To make [something] the subject of an official proclamation bringing it within the scope of emergency powers
misnomer: To use a misleading term; to misname.
diagnose: To determine which disease is causing a sick person's signs and symptoms; to find the diagnosis.
diagnose: To determine the cause of a problem.
regulate: To dictate policy.
regulate: To control or direct according to rule, principle, or law.
regulate: To adjust (a mechanism) for accurate and proper functioning.
regulate: To put or maintain in order.
dateline: To attach a dateline to a particular document
instance: To mention as a case or example; to refer to; to cite
instance: To cite an example as proof; to exemplify.
instance: To duplicate (a dungeon or other area) for each player, or each party of players, that enters it, so that each player or party has a private copy of the area, isolated from other players.
pedestal: To set or support on (or as if on) a pedestal.
confetti: To scatter with confetti.
shocking: present participle and gerund of shock
netsplit: To leave an IRC server as a result of a netsplit.
pleasing: present participle and gerund of please.
negative: To refuse; to veto.
negative: To contradict.
negative: To disprove.
negative: To make ineffective; to neutralize, to negate.
hightail: To move at full speed, especially in retreat.
enfeeble: To make feeble.
womanize: To flirt with and/or seduce, or attempt to seduce, women, especially lecherously.
womanize: To turn into a woman; to feminize.
soothing: present participle and gerund of soothe
soothing: present participle and gerund of sooth
forelock: To fix in place with a forelock (wedge)
Grecized: simple past and past participle of Grecize
sit down: To assume a sitting position from a standing position.
sit down: To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to.
sit down: To meet formally at a conference table.
sit down: To assume a low or sunken position.
cornhole: To have anal intercourse with; to penetrate anally.
hang out: To spend time with somebody.
hang out: To lodge or reside.
hang out: To be unyielding; to hold out.
hang out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see hang, out.
barbeque: Alternative spelling of barbecue
forename: To assign (someone) a first name.
forename: Synonym of prenominate
forename: To appoint in advance.
cloister: To become a Roman Catholic religious.
cloister: To confine in a cloister, voluntarily or not.
cloister: To deliberately withdraw from worldly things.
cloister: To provide with a cloister or cloisters.
cloister: To protect or isolate.
mistrust: To have no confidence in (something or someone).
mistrust: To be wary, suspicious or doubtful of (something or someone).
mistrust: To suspect, to imagine or suppose (something) to be the case.
mistrust: To be suspicious.
stultify: To cause to appear foolish.
stultify: To deprive of strength or efficacy; to stupefy, make useless or worthless.
stultify: To prove to be of unsound mind or demonstrate someone's incompetence.
schedule: To create a time-schedule.
schedule: To plan an activity at a specific date or time in the future.
schedule: To add a name to the list of people who are participating in something.
schedule: To admit (a person) to hospital as an involuntary patient under a schedule of the applicable mental health law.
schedule: To classify as a controlled substance.
barbecue: To cook food on a barbecue; to smoke it over indirect heat from high-smoke fuels.
barbecue: To grill.
throw up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see throw, up.
throw up: To vomit.
throw up: To produce or reveal something new or unexpected.
throw up: To cause something such as dust or water to rise into the air.
throw up: To erect, particularly hastily.
throw up: To give up, abandon something.
throw up: To display a gang sign using the hands.
throw up: To enlarge, as a picture reflected on a screen.
embarass: Misspelling of embarrass.
incubate: To brood, raise, or maintain eggs, organisms, or living tissue through the provision of ideal environmental conditions.
incubate: To incubate metaphorically; to ponder an idea slowly and deliberately as if in preparation for hatching it.
asbestos: To coat or line with asbestos.
asbestos: To expose to asbestos; to cause to suffer asbestosis.
asbestos: To insulate or buffer.
greeting: present participle and gerund of greet
postpone: To delay or put off an event, appointment, etc.
postpone: To place after in order; to deem less important.
generate: To bring into being; give rise to.
generate: To produce as a result of a chemical or physical process.
generate: To procreate, beget.
generate: To form a figure from a curve or solid.
generate: To appear or occur; be generated.
embedded: simple past and past participle of embed
thinking: present participle and gerund of think
charging: present participle and gerund of charge
get lost: To lose one's way.
get lost: To go missing; to be in a location unknown to someone who is looking for it.
get lost: To be absent, to seem to be absent.
get lost: To exit from the scene.
overhaul: To modernize, repair, renovate, or revise completely.
overhaul: To pass, overtake, or travel past.
overhaul: To keep (running rigging) clear, and see that no hitch occurs.
overhaul: To search (a ship) for contraband goods.
enfilade: To rake (something) with gunfire.
enfilade: To be directed toward (something) like enfilading gunfire.
enfilade: To arrange (rooms or other structures) in a row.
silicone: To join or treat (something) with a silicone-based product.
silicone: To enhance or reconstruct (a body part) with a prosthesis containing silicone.
populate: To supply with inhabitants; to people.
populate: To live in; to inhabit.
populate: To increase in number; to breed.
populate: To fill initially empty items in a collection.
populate: To fill initially empty slots or sockets on a circuit board or similar.
top edge: To hit the ball with the top edge of the bat.
backpack: To hike and camp overnight in backcountry with one's gear carried in a backpack.
backpack: To engage in low-cost, generally urban, travel with minimal luggage and frugal accommodation.
backpack: To place or carry (an item or items) in a backpack.
shoulder: To push (a person or thing) using one's shoulder.
shoulder: To put (something) on one's shoulders.
shoulder: To place (something) against one's shoulders.
shoulder: To bear a burden, as a financial obligation.
shoulder: To accept responsibility for.
shoulder: To form a shape resembling a shoulder.
shoulder: To move by or as if by using one's shoulders.
shoulder: To round and slightly raise the top edges of slate shingles so that they form a tighter fit at the lower edge and can be swung aside to expose the nail.
shoulder: To slope downwards from the crest and whitewater portion of a wave.
shoulder: Of a servant: to embezzle money from (the employer).
bowl out: To take all the opponents' wickets (in whatever way) and thus end their innings.
bowl out: To dismiss or be dismissed bowled.
bowl out: To overcome opposition from (a person); to remove out of one's way.
penalize: To subject to a penalty, especially for the infringement of a rule or regulation.
penalize: To impose a handicap on.
dislodge: To remove or force out from a position or dwelling previously occupied.
dislodge: To move or go from a dwelling or former position.
dislodge: To force out of a secure or settled position.
tranched: simple past and past participle of tranch
tranched: simple past and past participle of tranche
blackleg: To continue working whilst fellow workers strike.
exercise: To exert for the sake of training or improvement; to practice in order to develop.
exercise: To perform physical activity for health or training.
exercise: To use (a right, an option, etc.); to put into practice.
exercise: To occupy the attention and effort of; to task; to tax, especially in a painful or vexatious manner; harass; to vex; to worry or make anxious.
exercise: To set in action; to cause to act, move, or make exertion; to give employment to.
obligate: To bind, compel, constrain, or oblige by a social, legal, or moral tie.
obligate: To cause to be grateful or indebted; to oblige.
obligate: To commit (money, for example) in order to fulfill an obligation.
obstruct: To block or fill (a passage) with obstacles or an obstacle. See synonyms at block.
obstruct: To impede, retard, or interfere with; hinder.
obstruct: To get in the way of so as to hide from sight.
ricochet: To rebound off something wildly in a seemingly random direction.
ricochet: To operate upon by ricochet firing.
continue: To proceed with (doing an activity); to prolong (an activity).
continue: To make last; to prolong.
continue: To retain (someone or something) in a given state, position, etc.
continue: To remain in a given place or condition; to remain in connection with; to abide; to stay.
continue: To resume.
continue: To adjourn, prorogue, put off.
continue: To make a continuation bet.
denature: To take away a natural characteristic or inherent property of (a thing or a person).
denature: To add something to (alcohol) that makes it unsuitable for consumption but leaves it suitable for most other purposes.
denature: To alter its original form or state, especially of a protein, by heat, acidity etc.
denature: To combine fissile material with nonfissile material in order to prevent its use in an atomic weapon.
obdurate: To harden; to obdure.
jackaroo: To work as a jackaroo.
checkers: third-person singular simple present indicative of checker
unfreeze: To defrost something.
unfreeze: To thaw.
unfreeze: To resume movement.
unfreeze: To release from a previously locked or frozen state.
unfreeze: To release previously suspended financial assets.
district: To divide into administrative or other districts.
dedicate: To set apart for a deity or for religious purposes; consecrate.
dedicate: To set apart for a special use
dedicate: To commit (oneself) to a particular course of thought or action
dedicate: To address or inscribe (a literary work, for example) to another as a mark of respect or affection.
dedicate: To open (a building, for example) to public use.
dedicate: To show to the public for the first time
misspeak: To fail to pronounce, utter, or speak correctly.
misspeak: To speak insultingly or disrespectfully.
maximize: to make as large as possible
maximize: to expand (a window) to fill the main display area
courtesy: Alternative form of curtsey
regiment: To form soldiers into a regiment.
regiment: To systematize, or put in rigid order.
revealed: simple past and past participle of reveal
gambling: present participle and gerund of gamble
draughts: third-person singular simple present indicative of draught
dead bat: To play (the ball) with a dead bat.
strumpet: To debauch.
strumpet: To dishonour with the reputation of being a strumpet; to belie; to slander.
come out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see come, out.
come out: To be discovered, be revealed.
come out: To be published, be issued.
come out: (as a debutante) To make a formal debut in society.
come out: To end up or result.
come out: To walk onto the field at the beginning of an innings.
come out: To come out of the closet.
come out: To be deducted from.
come out: To express one's opinion openly.
come out: To become visible in the sky as a result of clouds clearing away.
come out: To protest or go on strike, especially out of solidarity with other workers.
come out: To make a debut in a new field.
hectored: simple past of hector
hectored: past participle of hector
deranged: simple past and past participle of derange
prophecy: Alternative form of prophesy
climbing: present participle and gerund of climb
mistress: Of a woman: to master; to learn or develop to a high degree of proficiency.
mistress: To act or take the role of a mistress.
frottage: To rub, especially to rub onto one surface placed upon another surface that is textured, in order to create a mottled or patterned area on the first surface.
frottage: To rub parts of the body against those of another person for sexual stimulation.
snowdrop: To steal clothing (especially women's underwear) from a clothesline.
profound: To cause to sink deeply; to cause to dive or penetrate far down.
profound: To dive deeply; to penetrate.
sibilate: To hiss.
sibilate: To speak with a hissing sound.
redirect: To give new direction to, change the direction of.
redirect: To instruct to go, inquire, elsewhere.
redirect: To substitute an address or pointer to a new location.
redirect: To send to a new location by substituting an address or pointer.
peercast: To transmit streaming media via a peer-to-peer network.
falsetto: To sing or utter in falsetto.
victuals: third-person singular simple present indicative of victual
nomogram: To represent as a nomogram.
painting: present participle and gerund of paint
unfrozen: past participle of unfreeze
conserve: To save for later use, sometimes by the use of a preservative.
conserve: To protect an environment, heritage, etc.
conserve: To remain unchanged during a process
attitude: To assume or to place in a particular position or orientation; to pose.
attitude: To express an attitude through one's posture, bearing, tone of voice, etc.
stranger: To estrange; to alienate.
clearing: present participle and gerund of clear
rollback: To return to the previous state.
rollback: To reduce thrust without having been commanded to do so.
wipe out: To destroy (especially, a large number of people or things); to obliterate.
wipe out: To physically erase (writing, computer data, etc.).
wipe out: To do away with; to cause to disappear.
wipe out: To exhaust; to tire out.
wipe out: To crash; to fall over (especially in board sports such as surfing, skateboarding, etc.).
wipe out: To knock (a surfer) off their board.
wipe out: To fall off one's surfboard.
leapfrog: To jump over some obstacle, as in the game of leapfrog.
leapfrog: To overtake.
leapfrog: To progress.
leapfrog: To appeal or allow to be appealed (a case) directly to a supreme court, bypassing an intermediate appellate court.
leapfrog: To advance by engaging the enemy with one unit while another moves further forward.
squabble: To participate in a minor fight or argument; to quarrel.
squabble: To disarrange, so that the letters or lines stand awry and require readjustment.
stay put: To remain in one fixed place
convulse: To suffer violent involuntary contractions of the muscles, causing one's body to contort.
convulse: To be beset by political or social upheaval.
convulse: To cause (someone) to suffer such contractions, especially as a result of making them laugh heartily.
validate: To render valid.
validate: To check or prove the validity of; verify.
validate: To have its validity successfully proven.
unstable: To release (an animal) from a stable.
tolerate: To allow or permit without explicit approval, usually if it is perceived as negative.
tolerate: To bear, withstand.
vegetate: To grow or sprout.
vegetate: To spread abnormally.
vegetate: To live or spend a period of time in a dull, inactive, unchallenging way.
received: simple past and past participle of receive
destruct: To intentionally cause the destruction of.
destruct: To invoke the destructor of.
destruct: To self-destruct.
unleaded: past of unlead
jettison: To eject from a boat, submarine, aircraft, spaceship or hot-air balloon, so as to lighten the load.
jettison: To let go or get rid of as being useless or defective.
schmooze: To talk casually, especially in order to gain an advantage or make a social connection.
intimate: To suggest or disclose (something) discreetly.
intimate: To notify.
outbreak: To burst out or break forth.
maverick: To take an unbranded range animal.
maverick: To seize without a legal claim.
necklace: To informally execute by necklacing; by setting on fire a petrol-filled rubber tyre which has been put around the bound victim's neck.
shipping: present participle and gerund of ship
armchair: To create based on theory or general knowledge rather than data.
armchair: To theorize based on analysis of data that was gathered previously; to reflect.
meridian: To cause an object to reach the meridian or highest point of (something).
meridian: Of a celestial body: to reach its meridian.
wrinkled: simple past and past participle of wrinkle
downcast: To turn (the eyes) downwards, usually as a sign of discouragement, sadness, etc., or sometimes modesty.
downcast: To cast or throw (something) downwards; also, to drop or lower (something).
downcast: To demolish or tear down (a building, etc.).
downcast: To make (someone) feel despondent or discouraged; to discourage, to sadden.
downcast: To cast (“change the expression of”) (a data type) from supertype to subtype.
downcast: To reproach or upbraid (someone); also, to taunt (someone).
downcast: To depose or overthrow (a leader, an institution, etc.); also (sometimes reflexive), to bring down (oneself or someone) from an exalted position; to humble.
monotone: To speak in a monotone.
howitzer: To attack with a howitzer.
rhapsody: Synonym of rhapsodize
rhapsody: To say (something) with exaggerated or rapturous enthusiasm.
rhapsody: Synonym of rhapsodize
rhapsody: To perform (a rhapsody (“an epic poem, or part of one, suitable for uninterrupted recitation”))
rhapsody: Synonym of rhapsodize
rhapsody: Followed by about, on, over, or upon: to speak with exaggerated or rapturous enthusiasm.
sentinel: To watch over as a guard.
sentinel: To post a guard for.
molasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of molass: becomes drunk from molass.
forebear: Obsolete spelling of forbear.
keelhaul: To punish by dragging under the keel of a ship.
keelhaul: To rebuke harshly.
smelting: present participle and gerund of smelt
coloring: present participle and gerund of color
furlough: To grant a furlough to (someone).
furlough: To have (an employee) not work in order to reduce costs; to send (someone) on furlough.
jeopardy: To jeopardize; to endanger.
exuviate: To shed or cast off a covering, especially a skin; to slough; to molt (moult).
comatose: To make comatose; to send into, or as if into, a coma.
engineer: To employ one's abilities and knowledge as an engineer to design, construct, and/or maintain (something, such as a machine or a structure), usually for industrial or public use.
engineer: To use genetic engineering to alter or construct (a DNA sequence), or to alter (an organism).
engineer: To plan or achieve (a goal) by contrivance or guile; to finagle, to wangle.
engineer: To formulate plots or schemes; to plot, to scheme.
engineer: To work as an engineer.
breaking: present participle and gerund of break
smashing: present participle and gerund of smash
trespass: To commit an offence; to sin.
trespass: To offend against, to wrong (someone).
trespass: To go too far; to put someone to inconvenience by demand or importunity; to intrude.
trespass: To enter someone else's property illegally.
trespass: To pass beyond a limit or boundary; hence, to depart; to go.
trespass: To decree that a person shall be arrested for trespassing if he or she returns to someone else's land.
bawl out: To shout very loudly.
bawl out: To deliver a loud, hard scolding or lecture to; to reprimand.
bawl out: To have a serious argument accompanied by shouting.
misplace: To put something somewhere and then forget its location; to mislay.
misplace: To apply one's talents inappropriately.
misplace: To put something in the wrong location.
browning: present participle and gerund of brown
chugalug: To swallow (a container of beer etc.) without pausing.
grouping: present participle and gerund of group
get down: To bring or come down; to descend; to cause to bring or come down.
get down: To swallow (something).
get down: To duck or take cover, usually to avoid harm. Commonly used as a caution or warning in the imperative.
get down: To concentrate; attend.
get down: To depress; discourage; fatigue.
get down: To relax and enjoy oneself completely; be uninhibited in one's enjoyment.
get down: To dance, particularly without inhibition or restraint, or in a sexually suggestive manner.
get down: To party.
get down: To have sex.
get down: To leave the table after dining.
get down: To record in writing.
get down: To criticise
get down: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, down.
changing: present participle and gerund of change
chilling: present participle and gerund of chill
titivate: To make small improvements or alterations to (one's appearance etc.); to add some finishing touches to, to spruce up or touch up.
coloured: simple past and past participle of colour
carousel: To revolve or change places.
transmit: To send or convey something from one person, place or thing to another.
transmit: To spread or pass on something such as a disease or a signal.
transmit: To impart, convey or hand down something by inheritance or heredity.
transmit: To communicate news or information.
transmit: To convey energy or force through a mechanism or medium.
transmit: To send out a signal (as opposed to receive).
dissolve: To terminate a union of multiple members actively, as by disbanding.
dissolve: To destroy, make disappear.
dissolve: To liquify, melt into a fluid.
dissolve: To be melted, changed into a fluid.
dissolve: To disintegrate chemically into a solution by immersion into a liquid or gas.
dissolve: To be disintegrated by such immersion.
dissolve: To disperse, drive apart a group of persons.
dissolve: To break the continuity of; to disconnect; to loosen; to undo; to separate.
dissolve: To annul; to rescind; to discharge or release.
dissolve: To shift from one shot to another by having the former fade out as the latter fades in.
dissolve: To resolve itself as by dissolution.
dissolve: To solve; to clear up; to resolve.
dissolve: To relax by pleasure; to make powerless.
travesty: To make a travesty of; to parody.
floating: present participle and gerund of float
backport: To retroactively supply (to a previous version of a software product) a fix, or a new feature, at the same time or after supplying it to the current version.
backport: To retroactively supply (a fix or a new feature) to a previous version of a software product at the same time or after supplying it to the current version.
backport: To re-release software on its original or a previous platform with new features, after its release on a different platform.
genocide: To commit genocide (against); to eliminate (a group of people) completely.
imprison: To put in or as if in prison; confine somebody against their will.
distress: To cause strain or anxiety to someone.
distress: To retain someone’s property against the payment of a debt; to distrain.
distress: To treat a new object to give it an appearance of age.
expected: simple past and past participle of expect
retiring: present participle and gerund of retire
supposed: simple past and past participle of suppose
hydrated: simple past and past participle of hydrate
multiply: To increase the amount, degree or number of (something).
multiply: To perform multiplication on (a number).
multiply: To grow in number.
multiply: To breed or propagate.
multiply: To perform multiplication.
multiply: To be a factor in a multiplication with (another factor).
sounding: present participle and gerund of sound
intrigue: To conceive or carry out a secret plan intended to harm; to form a plot or scheme.
intrigue: To arouse the interest of; to fascinate.
intrigue: To have clandestine or illicit intercourse.
intrigue: To fill with artifice and duplicity; to complicate.
bunk off: To play truant
standing: present participle and gerund of stand
unbuckle: to unfasten (the buckle of (a belt, shoe, etc))
prorogue: To suspend (a parliamentary session) or to discontinue the meetings of (an assembly, parliament etc.) without formally ending the session.
prorogue: To defer.
prorogue: To prolong or extend.
naff off: A mild version of fuck off
fleeting: present participle and gerund of fleet
incircle: Archaic form of encircle.
pratfall: To fall on to the buttocks.
monogram: To mark something with a monogram.
hosepipe: To film with erratic panning movements of the camera.
trombone: To transmit a signal or data back to a central switching point before sending it out to its destination.
trombone: To extend and retract (the zoom lens); to use it too enthusiastically.
minstrel: To play (a tune on a musical instrument); to sing (a song).
minstrel: To act as a minstrel; to entertain by playing a musical instrument, singing, etc.
forklift: To move or stack with, or as if with, such a vehicle.
subjects: third-person singular simple present indicative of subject
stalking: present participle and gerund of stalk
machines: third-person singular simple present indicative of machine
arrogate: To appropriate or lay claim to something for oneself without right.
facelift: To perform a facelift upon.
congress: To assemble together.
congress: To meet in a congress.
fumigate: To disinfect, purify, or rid of vermin with the fumes of certain chemicals.
purblind: To cause (someone) to have impaired vision or become partially blind.
figuring: present participle and gerund of figure
provides: third-person singular simple present indicative of provide
piddling: present participle and gerund of piddle
vaporize: To turn into vapor.
Latinize: To translate something into the Latin language; or make a word similar in appearance or form to a Latin word.
Latinize: To transliterate something into the characters of the Latin script; to Romanize
Latinize: To make like the Roman Catholic Church or diffuse its ideas in.
defecate: To excrete feces from one's bowels.
defecate: To purify, to clean of dregs etc.
defecate: To purge; to pass (something) as excrement.
angulate: To make, or to become, angular.
oblivion: To consign to oblivion; to efface utterly.
retrieve: To regain or get back something.
retrieve: To rescue (a creature).
retrieve: To salvage something
retrieve: To remedy or rectify something.
retrieve: To remember or recall something.
retrieve: To fetch or carry back something, especially (computing) a file or data record.
retrieve: To fetch and bring in game.
retrieve: To fetch and bring in game systematically.
retrieve: To fetch or carry back systematically, notably as a game.
retrieve: To make a difficult but successful return of the ball.
retrieve: To remedy the evil consequence of, to repair (a loss or damage).
bacronym: Alternative spelling of backronym.
surround: To encircle something or simultaneously extend in all directions.
surround: To enclose or confine something on all sides so as to prevent escape.
surround: To pass around; to travel about; to circumnavigate.
deferred: simple past and past participle of defer
eat crow: To recognize that one has been shown to be mistaken or outdone, especially by admitting that one has made a humiliating error.
rudiment: To ground; to settle in first principles.
landmark: To officially designate a site or building as a landmark.
snorting: present participle and gerund of snort
armature: To provide with an armature (any sense).
captured: simple past and past participle of capture
litigate: To go to law; to carry on a lawsuit.
litigate: To contest in law.
litigate: To dispute; to fight over.
recreate: To give new life, energy or encouragement (to); to refresh, enliven.
recreate: To enjoy or entertain oneself.
recreate: To take recreation.
recreate: To create anew.
allocate: To set aside for a purpose.
allocate: To distribute according to a plan, generally followed by the adposition to.
allocate: To reserve a portion of memory for use by a computer program.
televize: Nonstandard spelling of televise.
covering: present participle and gerund of cover
subclass: (in object-oriented programming) To create a subclass of (some class).
subclass: To cause (an object) to act as an instance of a subclass (by creating the desired subclass and instantiating an object of this subclass).
arousing: present participle and gerund of arouse
arriving: present participle and gerund of arrive
filigree: To decorate something with intricate ornamentation made from gold or silver twisted wire.
sent off: simple past and past participle of send off
obliging: present participle and gerund of oblige
baseline: To provide a baseline for measurement.
baseline: To play from the baseline.
offprint: To reprint as an excerpt.
languish: To lose strength and become weak; to be in a state of weakness or sickness.
languish: To pine away in longing for something; to have low spirits, especially from lovesickness.
languish: To live in miserable or disheartening conditions.
languish: To be neglected; to make little progress, be unsuccessful.
languish: To make weak; to weaken, devastate.
languish: To affect a languid air, especially disingenuously.
ghosting: present participle and gerund of ghost
offstage: To relegate (part of a play) to the offstage area, rather than showing it to the audience.
dynamite: To blow up with dynamite or other high explosive.
dynamite: To dismantle or destroy.
dynamite: To apply maximum pressure to very quickly.
dynamite: To lock up from being invoked too suddenly.
precurse: To forerun or precede.
recanted: simple past and past participle of recant
send off: To send; to dispatch.
send off: Synonym of send away (“to dispatch orders to a place for something to be delivered”)
send off: To emit; to emanate.
send off: To show someone a red card, and dismiss them from the playing area.
send off: To provide a celebration for someone who is leaving; give a sendoff.
boondock: To camp in a dry brushy location.
boondock: To stay in a self-contained recreational vehicle without connections to water, electricity, or sewer services, especially in a remote location.
boondock: To strike a squopped wink and send it flying far away.
nominate: To name someone as a candidate for a particular role or position, including that of an office.
nominate: To specify in advance which pocket a ball will be potted in; to call; to name.
nominate: To entitle, confer a name upon.
pavilion: To furnish with a pavilion.
pavilion: To put inside a pavilion.
pavilion: To enclose or surround (after Robert Grant's hymn line "pavilioned in splendour").
nauseate: To cause nausea in.
nauseate: To disgust.
nauseate: To become squeamish; to feel nausea; to turn away with disgust.
nauseate: To reject or spit (something) out because it causes a feeling of nausea.
nauseate: To be disgusted by (something).
tear gas: To use tear gas.
kanoodle: Rare spelling of canoodle.
simplify: To make simpler, either by reducing in complexity, reducing to component parts, or making easier to understand.
simplify: To become simpler.
flatline: To stop beating.
flatline: To die.
flatline: To kill.
flatline: To stay at the same level, without development; or, to fall.
flatline: To experience significantly decreased rates of change compared to previous rates of change.
flourish: To thrive or grow well.
flourish: To prosper or fare well.
flourish: To be in a period of greatest influence.
flourish: To develop; to make thrive; to expand.
flourish: To make bold, sweeping movements with.
flourish: To make bold and sweeping, fanciful, or wanton movements, by way of ornament, parade, bravado, etc.; to play with fantastic and irregular motion.
flourish: To use florid language; to indulge in rhetorical figures and lofty expressions.
flourish: To make ornamental strokes with the pen; to write graceful, decorative figures.
flourish: To adorn with beautiful figures or rhetoric; to ornament with anything showy; to embellish.
flourish: To execute an irregular or fanciful strain of music, by way of ornament or prelude.
flourish: To boast; to vaunt; to brag.
insulate: To separate, detach, or isolate.
insulate: To separate a body or material from others, e.g. by non-conductors to prevent the transfer of electricity, heat, etc.
outmatch: to surpass or be better than something or someone else
assassin: To assassinate.
outmoded: simple past and past participle of outmode
gaslight: To manipulate someone such that they doubt their own memory, perceptions of reality, or sanity, typically for malevolent reasons.
outclass: to surpass something or somebody else, so as to appear to be in a higher class
outburst: To burst out.
keep mum: To refrain from talking, especially to remain silent about something that may be sensitive or secret.
flapping: present participle and gerund of flap
gridding: present participle and gerund of grid
outskirt: To surround as an outskirt.
foul out: To become out by hitting a foul ball which is caught.
foul out: To be disqualified from further play for having committed too many fouls.
kill off: To eliminate, or make extinct.
kill off: To take a character out of a television series or other work by purposefully and deliberately having them killed within the plot.
kill off: To put an end to.
belittle: To knowingly say that something is smaller or less important than it actually is, especially as a way of showing contempt or deprecation.
belittle: To make small.
contents: third-person singular simple present indicative of content
zoom out: To decrease the focal length of a zoom lens in order to obtain a reduced magnification of the image, or a wider-angle view.
zoom out: To manipulate a display (such as a computer screen) so as to make the image smaller and possibly less detailed.
knitting: present participle and gerund of knit
contrast: To set in opposition in order to show the difference or differences between.
contrast: To form a contrast.
yielding: present participle and gerund of yield
disagree: To fail to agree; to have a different opinion or belief.
disagree: To fail to conform or correspond with.
outstrip: To move more quickly than (someone or something) so as to outrun or leave it behind.
outstrip: To exceed or surpass (someone or something).
outstrip: To exceed or overstep (a boundary or limit); to transgress.
entitled: simple past and past participle of entitle
outright: To release a player outright, without conditions.
transfix: To render motionless, by arousing terror, amazement or awe.
transfix: To pierce with a sharp pointed weapon.
transfix: To fix or impale.
overture: To make overtures; to approach with a proposal.
buttfuck: To perform an act of anal intercourse.
phantasy: Dated form of fantasy.
yearning: present participle and gerund of yearn
ward off: To parry, or turn aside.
ward off: To avert or prevent.
dandruff: To fall or cover with white flakes, like dandruff.
takeover: Alternative form of take over
wash out: To wash the inside of something.
wash out: To remove something by washing.
wash out: To be removed by washing.
wash out: To wear away by the flow of water; to erode.
wash out: To cancel due to bad weather.
wash out: To lose traction while going around a turn, especially in cycling, motorsports and skiing/snowboarding.
stick up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see stick, up. To put or post up by sticking.
stick up: To rob at gunpoint.
stick up: To be prominent; to point upwards.
stick up: To speak or act in defence (of).
stick up: To defy, to confront, to stand up to.
stick up: To maintain a commitment (as, to a proposition or role)
produces: third-person singular simple present indicative of produce
stuck up: simple past and past participle of stick up
waterlog: To saturate with water.
waterlog: To make (a boat) heavy and in danger of sinking by flooding it with water.
dash off: To leave a place quickly or briefly.
dash off: To write quickly or informally.
knock up: To put together, fabricate, or assemble, particularly if done hastily or temporarily. See also knock together.
knock up: To awaken (someone) as by knocking at the door; rouse; call; summon; also, to go door-to-door on election day to persuade a candidate's supporters to go to the polling station and vote. See also knocker up.
knock up: To exhaust; wear out; tire out; to fatigue until unable to do more.
knock up: To become exhausted or worn out; to fail of strength; to become wearied, as with labor; to give out.
knock up: To impregnate, especially out of wedlock. See knocked up.
knock up: To gently hit the ball back and forth before a tennis match, as practice or warm-up, and to gauge the state of the playing surface, lighting, etc. See knock-up.
knock up: To make even at the edges, or to shape into book form.
pull off: To remove by pulling.
pull off: To achieve; to succeed at something difficult.
pull off: To turn off a road (onto the side of the road, or onto another road).
pull off: To begin moving and then move away; to pull away.
pull off: To masturbate.
get some: To have sex.
get some: To be involved in a fight or assault.
get some: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, some.
deadhead: To admit to a performance without charge.
deadhead: To travel as a deadhead, or non-paying passenger.
deadhead: To drive an empty vehicle.
deadhead: To send (a person or message) for free.
deadhead: To remove spent or dead blossoms from a plant.
prepared: simple past and past participle of prepare
undelete: To recover (a file, record, etc.) from a deleted state; restore.
overturn: To turn over, capsize or upset.
overturn: To overthrow or destroy.
overturn: To reverse (a decision); to overrule or rescind.
overturn: To diminish the significance of a previous defeat by winning; to make a comeback from.
overturn: Of a body of water: to undergo a limnic eruption, where dissolved gas suddenly erupts from the depths.
wear off: to diminish in effect
wear off: to disappear because of being abraded, over-polished, or abused
gangbang: To participate in a gangbang.
gangbang: To belong to a gang; to commit criminal acts as part of a gang.
restrain: To control or keep in check.
restrain: To deprive of liberty.
restrain: To restrict or limit.
restrain: To strain again.
catalyze: To bring about the catalysis of a chemical reaction.
catalyze: To accelerate a process.
catalyze: To inspire significantly by catalysis.
camp out: To sleep outdoors, often in a tent.
camp out: To wait or queue for something expected to occur, often overnight.
submerge: To sink out of sight.
submerge: To put into a liquid; to immerse; to plunge into and keep in.
submerge: To engulf or overwhelm.
wear out: To cause (something) to become damaged, useless, or ineffective through continued use, especially hard, heavy, or careless use.
wear out: To deteriorate or become unusable or ineffective due to continued use, exposure, or strain.
wear out: To exhaust; to cause or contribute to another's exhaustion, fatigue, or weariness, as by continued strain or exertion.
wear out: To become exhausted, tired, fatigued, or weary, as by continued strain or exertion.
wear out: Of apparel, to display in public.
wear out: Of a shirt, to not tuck into the pants; to wear in a casual manner.
wear out: To punish by spanking.
weed out: To remove (unwanted elements) from a group.
pin down: To attach or secure with pins.
pin down: To identify something (e.g. a decision or plan) clearly or specifically.
pin down: To hold the opponent back-first so both his or her shoulders touch the mat or ground.
pin down: To corner somebody in order to get a firm answer.
tailspin: Of an aircraft: to go into a rapid, uncontrollable descent in a steep spiral.
tailspin: To go into a sharp, sustained, often uncontrollable descent or decline.
traveled: simple past and past participle of travel
back out: To reverse (a vehicle) from a confined space.
back out: To withdraw from something one has agreed to do.
back out: To convince (someone) to withdraw from a challenge.
back out: To bet on someone losing.
back out: To undo (a change).
back out: To exit a mode or function.
back out: To draw from behind the back [+accusative = a knife etc.] (as also bare back).
bustling: present participle and gerund of bustle
wiseacre: To act like a wiseacre; to wisecrack.
whirling: present participle and gerund of whirl
backhand: to execute a backhand stroke or throw
backhand: to slap with the back of one's hand
whipping: present participle and gerund of whip
prohibit: To forbid, disallow, or proscribe officially; to make illegal or illicit.
dipstick: To check (a person) for their understanding of something, as of a lesson, or attitude toward something.
dipstick: To measure the level of a fluid using a dipstick.
pointing: present participle and gerund of point
fence in: To enclose with a fence.
fence in: To restrict freedom.
converge: (said of two or more entities) To approach each other; to get closer and closer.
converge: (said of a sequence or series) To have a (finite, proper) limit.
converge: (said of an iterative process) To reach a stable end point.
whiplash: To jerk back and forth; to buffet.
whiplash: To lash as if with a whip.
founding: present participle and gerund of found
surmount: To get or be over without touching or resting on; to overcome.
surmount: To cap; to sit on top of.
timeline: To analyse a sequence of events or activities.
timeline: To display such a sequence graphically.
toss off: To drink up rapidly.
toss off: To assemble hastily.
toss off: To masturbate.
toss off: To deliver in an offhand manner.
classify: to identify by or divide into classes; to categorize
classify: to declare something a secret, especially a government secret
classify: To make classy
entrench: To dig or excavate a trench; to trench.
entrench: To surround or provide with a trench, especially for defense; to dig in.
entrench: To establish a substantial position in business, politics, etc.
entrench: To invade; to encroach; to infringe or trespass; to enter on, and take possession of, that which belongs to another; usually followed by on or upon.
entrench: To cut in; to furrow; to make trenches in or upon.
entrench: To become completely absorbed in and fully accept one's beliefs, even in the face of evidence against it and refusing to be reasoned with.
catching: present participle and gerund of catch
cruising: present participle and gerund of cruise
whopping: present participle and gerund of whop.
cogitate: To meditate, to ponder, to think deeply.
cogitate: To consider, to devise.
likeness: To depict.
shambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shamble
withered: simple past and past participle of wither
there is: third-person singular simple present indicative of there be. Used to indicate the existence of something physical or abstract. See also there are.
sighting: present participle and gerund of sight
win over: To persuade someone, gain someone's support, or make someone understand the truth or validity of something.
sheepdog: To chaperon or shepherd.
freehold: To dispense property in this way.
sidestep: To step to the side.
sidestep: To avoid or dodge.
resemble: To be like or similar to (something); to represent as similar.
resemble: To compare; to regard as similar, to liken.
resemble: To counterfeit; to imitate.
resemble: To cause to imitate or be like; to make similar.
windmill: To rotate with a sweeping motion.
windmill: Of a rotating part of a machine, to (become disengaged and) rotate freely.
irritate: To provoke impatience, anger, or displeasure in.
irritate: To cause or induce displeasure or irritation.
irritate: To induce pain in (all or part of a body or organism).
irritate: To render null and void.
boarding: present participle and gerund of board
wrapping: present participle and gerund of wrap
executed: simple past and past participle of execute
dwelling: present participle and gerund of dwell
derogate: To partially repeal (a law etc.).
derogate: To detract from (something); to disparage, belittle.
derogate: To take away (something from something else) in a way which leaves it lessened.
derogate: To remove a part, to detract from (a quality of excellence, authority etc.).
derogate: To act in a manner below oneself; to debase oneself.
emblazon: To adorn with prominent markings.
emblazon: To inscribe upon.
emblazon: To draw (a coat of arms).
emblazon: To celebrate or extol as with deeds or merit.
devoting: present participle and gerund of devote
undulate: To cause to move in a wavelike motion.
undulate: To cause to resemble a wave.
undulate: To move in wavelike motions.
undulate: To appear wavelike.
distract: To divert the attention of.
distract: To make crazy or insane; to drive to distraction.
verge on: To approach or come close to something; to border or be on the edge of something.
desolate: To deprive of inhabitants.
desolate: To devastate or lay waste somewhere.
desolate: To abandon or forsake something.
desolate: To make someone sad, forlorn and hopeless.
vaulting: present participle and gerund of vault
evaluate: To draw conclusions from examining; to assess.
evaluate: To compute or determine the value of (an expression).
evaluate: To return or have a specific value.
requests: third-person singular simple present indicative of request
maligned: simple past and past participle of malign
lapidate: To throw stones or other objects at, as punishment, sometimes until death.
lapidate: To hurl insults at.
bleeding: present participle and gerund of bleed
windlass: To raise with, or as if with, a windlass; to use a windlass.
windlass: To take a roundabout course; to work warily or by indirect means.
telegram: To send a telegram.
telegram: To send a telegram to (a person).
telegram: To send (a message) in a telegram.
déjeuner: To have déjeuner.
convince: To make someone believe, or feel sure about something, especially by using logic, argument or evidence.
convince: To persuade.
convince: To overcome, conquer, vanquish.
convince: To confute; to prove wrong.
convince: To prove guilty; to convict.
petition: To make a request to, commonly in written form.
ulcerate: To cause an ulcer to develop.
ulcerate: To become ulcerous.
freaking: present participle and gerund of freak
brace by: to bring the yards in opposite directions on different masts when doing certain maneuvers
unburden: To free from burden, or relieve from trouble.
brace in: to bring the yards more square to the fore and aft line
snatches: third-person singular simple present indicative of snatch
dead-end: To come to a dead-end.
fathered: simple past and past participle of father
abide by: To accept (a decision or law) and act in accordance with it; to conform to (a decision or law); to acquiesce to (a decision or law).
abide by: To remain faithful to (something or someone); to adhere to (an idea or plan).
tell off: To rebuke, to reprimand, or to admonish, often in a harsh, angry, direct way.
tell off: To count (members of a sequence), to enumerate.
tell off: To allocate duties to someone.
tell off: To divide and practise a regiment or company in the several formations, preparatory to marching to the general parade for field exercises.
besmirch: To make dirty.
besmirch: To tarnish something, especially someone's reputation.
hot swap: To remove or replace a component while the computer is still running.
banister: To construct a banister
banister: To act as a banister
tabulate: To arrange in tabular form; to arrange into a table.
tabulate: To set out as a list; to enumerate, to list.
tabulate: To enter into an official register or roll.
tabulate: To shape with a flat surface.
commerce: To carry on trade; to traffic.
commerce: To hold conversation; to communicate.
unbutton: To open (something) by undoing its buttons.
unbutton: To come open by having its buttons unfastened.
paramour: To go with a paramour; to have an affair.
benedict: to bless.
benedict: To poach and serve on an English muffin with ham or bacon and hollandaise sauce.
overdose: To dose to excess; to give an overdose, or too many doses, to.
overdose: To dose excessively, to take an overdose.
overdose: To indulge in something excessively.
uncooked: simple past and past participle of uncook
splicing: present participle and gerund of splice
uncouple: To disconnect or detach one thing from another.
uncouple: To come loose.
uncouple: To loose, as dogs, from their couples.
bangtail: To shear off the hair horizontally at the end of a cow or horse's tail.
demented: simple past and past participle of dement
unlearnt: simple past and past participle of unlearn
gloaming: present participle and gerund of gloam
renowned: simple past and past participle of renown
despatch: Alternative form of dispatch
knackers: third-person singular simple present indicative of knacker
mothball: To store or shelve something no longer used.
mothball: To stop using (something), but keep it in good condition.
perspire: To emit (sweat or perspiration) through the skin's pores.
perspire: To be evacuated or excreted, or to exude, through the pores of the skin.
perspire: To cause (someone) to sweat.
tattooed: simple past and past participle of tattoo
unmanned: simple past and past participle of unman
undercut: To sell (something) at a lower price, or to work for lower wages, than a competitor.
undercut: To create an overhang by cutting away material from underneath.
undercut: To undermine.
undercut: To strike a heavy blow upward.
overview: To engage in an overview; to provide a brief summary.
sodomize: American spelling and Oxford British English standard spelling of sodomise.
salivate: To produce saliva.
salivate: To show eager anticipation at the expectation of something.
organise: Standard spelling of organize.
peekaboo: To peep out.
count on: To rely on, trust, or expect.
lævigate: Nonstandard spelling of levigate.
arranged: simple past and past participle of arrange
crack up: To laugh heartily.
crack up: To cause to laugh heartily.
crack up: To become insane; to suffer a mental breakdown.
crack up: To cry up; to extol.
crack up: To crash an aircraft or automobile.
underpin: To support from below with props or masonry.
underpin: To give support to; to form a basis of; to corroborate.
ballpark: To make a rough estimate of.
instruct: To teach by giving instructions.
instruct: To tell (someone) what they must or should do.
instruct: To give (one's own lawyer) legal instructions as to how they should act in relation to a particular issue; thereby formally appointing them as one's own legal representative in relation to it.
chromate: To treat with a chromate solution
respects: third-person singular simple present indicative of respect
leverage: To use; to exploit; to manipulate in order to take full advantage (of something).
propound: To put forward; to offer for discussion or debate.
break in: To enter a place by force or illicit means.
break in: To cause (something, or someone, new) to function more naturally through use or wear
break in: Starting something brand new or at a new level.
break in: To tame; make obedient; to train to follow orders of the owner.
break in: To take the virginity of a girl, to deflower.
break in: To interrupt one's conversation; speak before another person has finished speaking.
dominate: To govern, rule or control by superior authority or power
dominate: To exert an overwhelming guiding influence over something or someone
dominate: To enjoy a commanding position in some field
dominate: To overlook from a height.
dominate: To precede another node of a directed graph in all paths from the start of the graph to the other node.
levigate: To make smooth or polish.
levigate: To make into a smooth paste or fine powder.
levigate: To separate finer grains from coarser ones by suspension in a liquid.
levigate: To lighten.
levigate: To belittle.
snuff it: to die.
sonogram: To perform a sonogram upon.
pagenate: Misspelling of paginate.
fuck off: To go to hell; to disappear or go away; to screw oneself.
fuck off: To leave unexpectedly.
fuck off: To annoy, irritate.
fuck off: To fritter; to fuck around.
fuck off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see fuck, off.
catch on: To begin to understand; to realize.
catch on: To become popular; to become commonplace; to become the standard.
catch on: To become stuck to the cooking vessel; to brown or burn slightly.
charming: present participle and gerund of charm
blinking: present participle and gerund of blink
restrict: To restrain within boundaries; to limit; to confine
restrict: To consider (a function) as defined on a subset of its original domain.
routeing: present participle and gerund of route
resource: To supply with resources.
resource: To source anew or differently; to find or provide a new source for.
pedigree: To determine the pedigree of (an animal).
benefits: third-person singular simple present indicative of benefit
cry wolf: To raise a false alarm; to constantly warn others about an imagined threat, thereby failing to get assistance when a real threat appears.
exciting: present participle and gerund of excite
unpacked: past participle of unpack
brickbat: To attack by throwing brickbats.
brickbat: To assail with criticism.
chime in: To talk; to join in conversation or discussion.
chime in: To agree, to harmonize, to concord.
transact: To do, carry through, conduct or perform.
transact: To carry over, hand over or transfer something.
transact: To conduct business.
transact: To exchange or trade, as of ideas, money, goods, etc.
inveigle: To convert, convince, or win over with flattery or wiles.
inveigle: To obtain through guile or cunning.
inveigle: To fool, to delude, to blind in judgement.
inveigle: To ensnare, to entangle.
sampling: present participle and gerund of sample
creolize: To cause a pidgin language rapidly expanding in vocabulary and grammatical rules to become ultimately a creole.
creolize: To render an imported object 'localised'; to produce variations which give an object a regional flavour.
surcease: To come to an end; to desist.
surcease: To bring to an end.
major in: To take (something) as one's major field of study in an institute of tertiary education (such as a college or university).
tailwind: Of a wind, to blow on a windmill or wind turbine in such a way that wind pressure is exerted on the wrong side of the sail or turbine assembly.
bail out: To secure the release of an arrested person by providing bail money.
bail out: To remove water from a boat by scooping it out.
bail out: To rescue, especially financially.
bail out: To exit an aircraft while in flight.
bail out: To leave (or not attend at all) a place or a situation, especially quickly or when the situation has become undesirable.
bail out: To sell all or part of one's holdings in stocks, real estate, a business, etc.
bail out: To make an unscheduled voluntary termination of an underwater dive, usually implying the use of an alternative breathing gas supply.
headwind: To blow directly against the course of a vehicle, like an aircraft, train, or ship.
headwind: To impede or reverse progress.
bear-hug: Alternative spelling of bearhug
hardship: To treat (a person) badly; to subject to hardships.
round up: To gather (cattle) together by riding around them.
round up: To collect or gather (something) together.
round up: To collect or gather (something) together.
round up: To arrest or detain a group of people based on collective (rather than individualized) cause or suspicion, often as a form of targeted persecution.
round up: To round (a number) to the smallest integer that is not less than it, or to some other greater value, especially a whole number of hundreds, thousands, etc.
flip off: To make a rude or obscene gesture at someone.
lynching: present participle and gerund of lynch
archives: third-person singular simple present indicative of archive
portrait: To portray; to draw.
piercing: present participle and gerund of pierce
transect: To divide something by cutting transversely.
tranship: To transfer goods from one ship or other conveyance to another.
tranship: To be transferred from one ship or other conveyance to another.
estrange: To cause to feel less close or friendly; alienate. To cease contact with (particularly of a family member or spouse, especially in form estranged).
estrange: To remove from an accustomed place or set of associations.
deadline: To render an item non-mission-capable; to ground an aircraft, etc.
'fess up: Alternative form of fess up
beat off: To drive something away with blows or military force.
beat off: To masturbate, usually a man of himself; to manually stimulate one's own penis.
beat off: To waste time.
trifling: present participle and gerund of trifle
pyrolyse: To undergo pyrolysis.
pyrolyse: To decompose or transform a substance by subjecting it to heat.
refactor: To rewrite existing source code in order to improve its readability, reusability or structure without affecting its meaning or behaviour.
refactor: To rewrite existing text in order to improve its readability, reusability or structure without intentionally affecting its meaning. Similar to, but sometimes involving more extensive restructuring than, copy editing.
puncture: To pierce; to break through; to tear a hole.
abstrict: To cut off, as in abstriction; abjoint
disclose: To open up, unfasten.
disclose: To uncover, physically expose to view.
disclose: To expose to the knowledge of others; to make known, state openly, reveal.
comeback: Misspelling of come back.
foregive: To give ahead of time; give in advance.
networks: third-person singular simple present indicative of network
paraffin: To impregnate or treat with paraffin.
paraffin: To embed in paraffin wax.
mischief: To do a mischief to; to harm.
mischief: To slander.
lay down: To give up, surrender, or yield (e.g. a weapon), usually by placing it on the ground.
lay down: To place on the ground, e.g. a railway on a trackbed.
lay down: To intentionally take a fall while riding a motorcycle, in order to prevent a more serious collision.
lay down: To specify, institute, enact, assert firmly, state authoritatively, establish or formulate (rules or policies).
lay down: To stock, store (e.g. wine) for the future. See also lay by.
lay down: To euthanize an animal.
lay down: To sacrifice, especially in the phrase "to lay down one's life."
lay down: To lie down; to place oneself in a reclined or horizontal position, on a bed or similar, for the purpose of resting.
lay down: To draw the lines of a ship's hull at full size, before starting a build.
lay down: simple past of lie down
malinger: To feign illness, injury, or incapacitation in order to avoid work, obligation, or perilous risk.
malinger: To self-inflict real injury or infection (to inflict self-harm) in order to avoid work, obligation, or perilous risk.
transude: To pass through a pore, membrane or interstice.
mentions: third-person singular simple present indicative of mention
modulate: To regulate, adjust or adapt
modulate: To change the pitch, intensity or tone of one's voice or of a musical instrument
modulate: to vary the amplitude, frequency or phase of a carrier wave in proportion to the amplitude etc of a source wave (such as speech or music)
modulate: to move from one key or tonality to another, especially by using a chord progression
palliate: To relieve the symptoms of; to ameliorate.
palliate: To hide or disguise.
palliate: To cover or disguise the seriousness of (a mistake, offence etc.) by excuses and apologies.
palliate: To lessen the severity of; to extenuate, moderate, qualify.
palliate: To placate or mollify.
ringtone: Of a telephone: to play a ringtone.
mounting: present participle and gerund of mount
overplay: To overdo or overact one's effect or role.
overplay: To play (a song or record) too frequently.
overplay: To overestimate one's strength in a game or event, which ultimately may end in a defeat.
overplay: To accidentally hit (one's golf ball) beyond "the green".
reinvent: To invent again something that has already been invented.
reinvent: To adapt into a different form; to give a new style or image to.
swooping: present participle and gerund of swoop
pipeline: To design (a microchip etc.) so that processing takes place in efficient stages, the output of each stage being fed as input to the next.
pipeline: To convey by a system of pipes.
pipeline: To lay a system of pipes through.
drooping: present participle and gerund of droop
realized: simple past and past participle of realize
lie down: To assume a horizontal position.
lie down: To be lazy or remiss.
lie down: To submit passively.
shape up: To improve; to correct one's bad habits or behavior.
shape up: To take shape; to transform into or become.
reserved: simple past and past participle of reserve
clucking: present participle and gerund of cluck
scudding: present participle and gerund of scud
clubbing: present participle and gerund of club
peroxide: To treat (something) with hydrogen peroxide, especially hair in order to bleach it.
drubbing: present participle and gerund of drub
shooting: present participle and gerund of shoot
be there: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see be, there.
be there: To be available to provide comfort and support for someone, especially in a period of difficulty.
touching: present participle and gerund of touch
blushing: present participle and gerund of blush
brushing: present participle and gerund of brush
aquacise: To practice such exercise.
opsonize: To make (bacteria or other cells) more susceptible to the action of phagocytes by use of opsonins.
opsonize: To become more susceptible to the action of phagocytes by use of opsonins.
stylised: simple past and past participle of stylise
subtract: To remove or reduce; especially to reduce a quantity or number
preamble: To speak or write a preamble; to provide a preliminary statement or set of remarks.
resolved: simple past and past participle of resolve
brush up: To paint, or make clean or bright with a brush.
brush up: To review; to improve an existing but rusty or underdeveloped skill.
screw up: To tighten or secure with screws.
screw up: To raise (rent, fees, etc.) to extortionate levels.
screw up: To raise or summon up.
screw up: To twist into a contorted state.
screw up: To squint.
screw up: To make a mess of; to ruin.
screw up: To blunder; to make a mistake.
missions: third-person singular simple present indicative of mission
cough up: To expel from the lungs, throat, etc. by coughing.
cough up: To reluctantly or unwillingly give.
cough up: To pay, disburse - [perhaps influenced by "coffers" of money.]
cough up: To pay, disburse -
cough up: To reluctantly or unwillingly give.
cough up: To hand over, give.
cough up: To lose a competition by one's own mistakes, usually near the end of the contest.
cough up: To spill, to fumble.
dejected: simple past and past participle of deject
blot out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see blot, out.
blot out: To obscure.
blot out: To make indecipherable; to obliterate.
blot out: To annihilate
presence: To make or become present.
uploaded: simple past and past participle of upload
diseases: third-person singular simple present indicative of disease
watching: present participle and gerund of watch
aspiring: present participle and gerund of aspire
encircle: To surround, form a circle around.
encircle: To move or go around completely.
ballyhoo: To sensationalise or make grand claims.
gathered: simple past and past participle of gather
breeding: present participle and gerund of breed
touch up: To make slight corrections or adjustments to; to fill in or perfect.
touch up: To fondle or to grope someone, usually in an inappropriate way.
informed: simple past and past participle of inform
rendered: simple past and past participle of render
controls: third-person singular simple present indicative of control
lifeboat: To rescue; to carry to safety
balanced: simple past and past participle of balance
licensed: simple past and past participle of license
creeping: present participle and gerund of creep
promised: simple past and past participle of promise
divagate: To wander about.
divagate: To stray from a subject or theme.
freezing: present participle and gerund of freeze
releases: third-person singular simple present indicative of release
conclude: To end; to come to an end.
conclude: To bring to an end; to close; to finish.
conclude: To bring about as a result; to effect; to make.
conclude: To come to a conclusion, to a final decision.
conclude: To make a final determination or judgment concerning; to judge; to decide.
conclude: To shut off; to restrain; to limit; to estop; to bar; generally in the passive.
conclude: To shut up; to enclose.
conclude: To include; to comprehend; to shut up together; to embrace; to confine.
conclude: to deduce, to infer (develop a causal relation)
indirect: To access by means of indirection; to dereference.
mitching: present participle and gerund of mitch
tincture: To colour or stain (something) with, or as if with, a dye or pigment.
tincture: Followed by with: to add to or impregnate (something) with (a slight amount of) an abstract or (obsolete) physical quality; to imbue, to taint, to tinge.
tincture: To dissolve (a substance) in ethanol or some other solvent to produce a medicinal tincture.
tincture: To have a taint or tinge of some quality.
exorcise: To drive out (an evil spirit) from a person, place or thing, especially by an incantation or prayer.
exorcise: To rid (a person, place or thing) of an evil spirit.
depicted: simple past and past participle of depict
equipped: simple past and past participle of equip
divorced: simple past and past participle of divorce
centered: simple past and past participle of center
selenate: To react with a compound of selenium
inserted: simple past and past participle of insert
catch up: To pick up suddenly.
catch up: To entangle.
catch up: To be brought up to date with news.
catch up: To bring (someone) up to date with the news.
catch up: To reach something that had been ahead.
catch up: To compensate for or make up a deficiency.
catch up: To finally reach something inevitable.
escalate: To increase (something) in extent or intensity; to intensify or step up.
escalate: In technical support, to transfer a customer, a problem, etc. to the next higher level of authority
escalate: To climb.
escalate: To move by escalator.
man-mark: To mark an opposition player closely.
channels: third-person singular simple present indicative of channel
jury rig: Alternative spelling of jury-rig
jubilate: To show elation or triumph; to rejoice.
jury-rig: To make an improvised rigging or assembly from whatever is available.
jury-rig: To create a makeshift, ad hoc solution from resources at hand.
jury-rig: To rig a jury; to engage in jury rigging (that is, jury tampering); to improperly influence jurors, or the selection of jurors, such that they return a certain result.
frame up: To erect the initial walls and roof of (a new building).
frame up: To arrange fraudulent evidence to falsely implicate (a person) of a crime; to frame.
ionizing: present participle and gerund of ionize
shopping: present participle and gerund of shop
escalade: To scale the walls of a fortification.
sunlight: To work on the side (at a secondary job) during the daytime.
perusing: present participle and gerund of peruse
dressing: present participle and gerund of dress
macerate: To soften (something) or separate it into pieces by soaking it in a heated or unheated liquid.
macerate: To make lean; to cause to waste away.
macerate: To subdue the appetite by poor or scanty diet; to mortify.
macerate: To mortify the flesh in general.
stampede: To run away in a panic; said of cattle, horses, etc., also of armies.
stampede: To disperse by causing sudden fright, as a herd or drove of animals.
stampede: To move rapidly in a mass. (of people)
evanesce: To disappear into a mist or dissipate in vapor
evanesce: To transition from the solid state to gaseous state without ever becoming a liquid
mulching: present participle and gerund of mulch
anchored: simple past and past participle of anchor
monument: To mark or memorialize with a monument.
squadron: To divide up into squadrons.
scramble: To move hurriedly to a location, especially by using all limbs against a surface.
scramble: To proceed to a location or an objective in a disorderly manner.
scramble: To thoroughly combine and cook as a loose mass.
scramble: To process telecommunication signals to make them unintelligible to an unauthorized listener.
scramble: To quickly deploy (vehicles, usually aircraft) to a destination in response to an alert, usually to intercept an attacking enemy.
scramble: To be quickly deployed in this manner.
scramble: To partake in motocross.
scramble: To ascend rocky terrain as a leisure activity.
scramble: To gather or collect by scrambling.
scramble: To struggle eagerly with others for something thrown upon the ground; to go down upon all fours to seize something; to catch rudely at what is desired.
scramble: To throw something down for others to compete for in this manner.
beetroot: To turn a bright red or purple colour.
practise: To repeat (an activity) as a way of improving one's skill in that activity.
practise: To repeat an activity in this way.
practise: To perform or observe in an habitual fashion.
practise: To pursue (a career, especially law, fine art or medicine).
practise: To conspire.
practise: To put into practice; to carry out; to act upon; to commit; to execute; to do.
practise: To make use of; to employ.
practise: To teach or accustom by practice; to train.
abridged: simple past and past participle of abridge
capitate: To pay health-care providers using a capitation system.
backfire: To fire in the opposite direction, for example due to an obstruction in the barrel.
backfire: To experience a premature ignition of fuel or an ignition of exhaust gases, making a popping sound.
backfire: To fail in a manner that brings down further misfortune.
inundate: To cover with large amounts of water; to flood.
inundate: To overwhelm.
wishlist: To place on a wishlist.
daydream: To have such a series of thoughts; to woolgather.
shouting: present participle and gerund of shout
juggling: present participle and gerund of juggle
racquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of racquet
sideline: To place on the sidelines; to bench or to keep someone out of play.
sideline: To remove or keep out of circulation or out of the focus.
hash out: To work through the details of something; especially to work through difficulties.
displace: To put out of place; to disarrange.
displace: To move something, or someone, especially to forcibly move people from their homeland.
displace: To supplant, or take the place of something or someone; to substitute.
displace: To replace, on account of being superior to or more suitable than that which is being replaced.
displace: To have a weight equal to that of the water displaced.
displace: To repress.
hit home: To be especially memorable, meaningful, or significant; to be fully understood, believed or appreciated.
hit home: To strike its target with damaging effect.
namesake: To name (somebody) after somebody else.
highjack: Alternative spelling of hijack
amortize: To alienate (property) in mortmain.
amortize: To wipe out (a debt, liability etc.) gradually or in installments.
amortize: To even out the costs of running an algorithm over many iterations, so that high-cost iterations are much less frequent than low-cost iterations, which lowers the average running time.
sulphate: Alternative spelling of sulfate
dividend: To pay out a dividend.
arpeggio: To play (a chord) as an arpeggio; to play (a piece of music) with arpeggios.
arpeggio: To produce arpeggios; to produce sounds resembling arpeggios.
arpeggio: To move (the hand or fingers) against a surface as if playing arpeggios on a keyboard; to touch different points in succession along a surface.
snapshot: To take a photograph of.
snapshot: To capture the state of, in a snapshot.
decipher: To decode or decrypt a code or cipher to plain text.
decipher: To read text that is almost illegible or obscure
decipher: To make sense of a complex situation.
decipher: To find a solution to a problem.
consumed: simple past and past participle of consume
set back: To delay or obstruct.
set back: To remove from or allow distance.
set back: To install or position behind a boundary or surface, or in a recess.
set back: To cost money.
set back: To reverse, go backwards.
ballocks: Alternative form of bollocks
hand off: to pass (the ball) to a teammate
hand off: to pass or transfer.
backbite: To make spiteful slanderous or defamatory statements about someone.
backbite: To attack from behind or when out of earshot with spiteful or defamatory remarks.
backbite: To speak badly of an absent individual.
masthead: To send to the masthead as a punishment.
masthead: To furnish (a newspaper) with a masthead.
attached: simple past and past participle of attach
run down: To hit someone with a car or other vehicle and injure or kill them.
run down: To criticize someone or an organisation, often unfairly.
run down: To find something or someone after searching for a long time.
run down: To lose power slowly. Used for a machine, battery, or other powered device.
run down: To read quickly a list or other short text.
run down: To describe in the form of a rundown, a rough outline or summary.
run down: To reduce the size or stock levels of a business, often with a view to closure.
run down: To decline in quality or condition.
run down: To chase till the object pursued is captured or exhausted.
run down: To run against and sink, as a vessel.
run down: To crush; to overthrow; to overbear.
spirited: simple past and past participle of spirit
dish out: To put (food) on to a dish ready for eating.
dish out: To distribute (a thing).
dish out: To distribute or deliver something.
dish out: To hollow out, as a gutter in stone or wood.
internet: To use the Internet; specifically, to search for information using the Internet.
internet: To entwine or link (several things) together, so as to form a network; to interconnect, to network.
internet: To connect (a computer, an electronic device, etc.) into a computer network (in particular, the Internet).
louse up: To mess up; to confuse; to put into a state of disorder.
coincide: To occupy exactly the same space.
coincide: To occur at the same time.
coincide: To correspond, concur, or agree.
hot-desk: Alternative form of hot desk
hot desk: To use different shared desks or workstations at different times.
coldcock: Alternative spelling of cold-cock
upheaped: simple past and past participle of upheap
cladding: present participle and gerund of clad
excreted: simple past and past participle of excrete
Horlicks: To make a mess of (something); to bollocks.
pastiche: To create or compose in a mixture of styles.
feathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of feather
urbanize: To make something more urban in character.
urbanize: To take up an urban way of life.
usher in: To announce the arrival of something; to herald.
usher in: To begin something with preparatory material; to introduce.
upstream: To stream upward.
upstream: To have (a software library, patch, etc.) accepted by the original developers of the related software, so that they maintain and distribute it.
squiggle: To wriggle or squirm.
squiggle: To make a squiggle.
squiggle: To write illegibly.
autostop: To stop automatically.
enthrone: To put on the throne in a formal installation ceremony called enthronement, equivalent to (and often combined with) coronation and/or other ceremonies of investiture
enthrone: To help a candidate to the succession of a monarchy (as a kingmaker does), or by extension in any other major organisation.
inclined: simple past and past participle of incline
tail off: To gradually subside or diminish; to tail away.
pressing: present participle of press
indexing: present participle and gerund of index
retrofit: To supply (a device, structure, etc.) with new components or parts that were not previously available or installed; to modernize.
retrofit: To add or substitute (new components or parts) that were not previously available for or installed in a device, structure, etc.
retrofit: Synonym of backport (“to retroactively supply a fix or feature to a previous version of a software product at the same time or after supplying it to the current version.”)
retrofit: To give new characteristics or make alterations (to someone or something) to suit them to changed circumstances.
retrofit: To supply a device, structure, etc., with new components or parts that were not previously available or installed.
fastened: simple past and past participle of fasten
swelling: present participle and gerund of swell
smartass: To talk like a smartass, with a lot of snide remarks.
deterred: simple past and past participle of deter
detoxify: To remove foreign and harmful substances from something.
detoxify: To make something that is harmful more benign.
becoming: present participle and gerund of become
newscast: To broadcast the news.
wildcard: To replace or supplement with a wildcard character to allow matching against a range of possible values.
tally-ho: Alternative spelling of tallyho
hammered: simple past and past participle of hammer
followed: simple past and past participle of follow
remarked: simple past and past participle of remark
traduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of traduce
reproach: To criticize or rebuke (someone).
reproach: To disgrace, or bring shame upon.
artifice: To construct by means of skill or specialised art
demanded: simple past and past participle of demand
expenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of expense
checksum: To compute a checksum.
servants: third-person singular simple present indicative of servant
footnote: To add footnotes to a text.
landfill: To dispose of (garbage) by burying it at a landfill site.
listened: simple past and past participle of listen
scanlate: To scan and translate (a Korean or Japanese manga) in order to distribute it to speakers of other (usually Western) languages.
tapestry: To decorate with tapestry, or as if with a tapestry.
doctored: past participle of doctor
marzipan: To cover with marzipan.
tattered: simple past and past participle of tatter
inquired: simple past and past participle of inquire
pondered: simple past and past participle of ponder
belonged: simple past and past participle of belong
deflects: third-person singular simple present indicative of deflect
animates: third-person singular simple present indicative of animate
glancing: present participle and gerund of glance
wondered: simple past and past participle of wonder
disposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispose
disposed: simple past and past participle of dispose
mandated: simple past and past participle of mandate
chastise: To punish, especially by corporal punishment.
chastise: To castigate; to scold or censure.
modified: simple past and past participle of modify
teething: present participle and gerund of teethe
co-pilot: Britain standard spelling of copilot.
morphing: present participle and gerund of morph
tweening: present participle and gerund of tween
telecast: To broadcast by television.
telecast: To broadcast a television program.
dangling: present participle and gerund of dangle
superset: To perform (different physical exercises) back to back, without a period of rest between them.
revision: To provide with a new vision.
crevasse: To form crevasses.
crevasse: To fissure with crevasses.
televise: To broadcast, or be broadcast, by television.
crossref: cross-reference
warranty: To warrant; to guarantee.
tempting: present participle and gerund of tempt
amputate: To cut off, to prune. [– c.]
amputate: To cut off, to prune.
amputate: To surgically remove a part of the body, especially a limb. [from c.]
amputate: To surgically remove a part of the body, especially a limb.
latinize: Alternative letter-case form of Latinize
examined: simple past and past participle of examine
murmured: simple past and past participle of murmur
insisted: simple past and past participle of insist
supplied: simple past and past participle of supply
hastened: simple past and past participle of hasten
muttered: simple past and past participle of mutter
betrayed: simple past and past participle of betray
deceived: simple past and past participle of deceive
wandered: simple past and past participle of wander
ventured: simple past and past participle of venture
summoned: simple past and past participle of summon
bestowed: simple past and past participle of bestow
troubled: simple past and past participle of trouble
searched: simple past and past participle of search
attained: simple past and past participle of attain
reminded: simple past and past participle of remind
vanished: simple past and past participle of vanish
recalled: simple past and past participle of recall
swishing: present participle and gerund of swish
relieved: simple past and past participle of relieve
startled: simple past and past participle of startle
departed: simple past and past participle of depart
drinking: present participle and gerund of drink
blanched: simple past and past participle of blanch
confined: simple past and past participle of confine
passions: third-person singular simple present indicative of passion
enthrall: To hold spellbound.
enthrall: To make subservient.
quarters: third-person singular simple present indicative of quarter
backdrop: To serve as a backdrop for.
deserted: simple past and past participle of desert
dieseled: simple past and past participle of diesel
chinning: present participle and gerund of chin
geminate: To arrange in pairs.
geminate: To occur in pairs.
destined: simple past and past participle of destine
outfield: To perform better in defense (fielding).
flashing: present participle and gerund of flash
take out: To remove.
take out: To escort someone on a date.
take out: To immobilize with force; to subdue; to incapacitate.
take out: To kill or destroy.
take out: To win a sporting event, competition, premiership, etc.
take out: To obtain by application by a legal or other official process.
forswear: To renounce or deny something, especially under oath.
forswear: To commit perjury; to break an oath.
disjoint: To render disjoint; to remove a connection, linkage, or intersection.
disjoint: To break the natural order and relations of; to make incoherent.
disjoint: To fall into pieces.
spinning: present participle and gerund of spin
bootjack: to steal
squander: To waste, lavish, splurge; to spend lavishly or profusely; to dissipate.
squander: To scatter; to disperse.
squander: To wander at random; to scatter.
emulsion: To paint with emulsion paint.
twisting: present participle and gerund of twist
highball: To make an estimate which tends toward exaggeration.
highball: To move quickly; to hightail.
daylight: To expose to daylight
daylight: To provide sources of natural illumination such as skylights or windows.
daylight: To allow light in, as by opening drapes.
daylight: To run a drainage pipe to an opening from which its contents can drain away naturally.
daylight: To gain exposure to the open.
limiting: present participle and gerund of limit
long off: To avoid, to sack off, to kick into the long grass.
desilver: To remove the silver from (an alloy).
desilver: To remove the reflective backing from (a mirror).
motorize: To fit something with a motor.
motorize: To supply something or someone with motor vehicles.
motorize: To supply armoured vehicles; to mechanize.
enclosed: simple past and past participle of enclose
on drive: To play such a shot.
off-road: To travel in rugged terrain instead of on a paved track.
abhoring: Misspelling of abhorring.
abjuring: present participle and gerund of abjure
ablating: present participle and gerund of ablate
womanise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of womanize.
theorize: To formulate a theory, especially about some specific subject.
theorize: To speculate.
portends: third-person singular simple present indicative of portend
agitprop: To disseminate (something as) political propaganda, especially communist propaganda, through art, drama, literature, etc.
seperate: Obsolete form of separate.
seperate: Misspelling of separate.
sprinkle: To cause (a substance) to fall in fine drops (for a liquid substance) or small pieces (for a solid substance).
sprinkle: To cover (an object) by sprinkling a substance on to it.
sprinkle: To drip in fine drops, sometimes sporadically.
sprinkle: To rain very lightly outside.
sprinkle: To baptize by the application of a few drops, or a small quantity, of water; hence, to cleanse; to purify.
zip code: To provide with, or allocate to, a zip code.
ossified: simple past and past participle of ossify
prompted: simple past and past participle of prompt
dictated: simple past and past participle of dictate
scrapped: simple past and past participle of scrap
scrapped: Misspelling of scraped.
totalled: simple past and past participle of total
maltreat: To treat badly, to abuse.
halfback: To play in the position of halfback.
favoured: simple past and past participle of favour
panicked: simple past and past participle of panic
serrated: simple past and past participle of serrate
seasoned: simple past and past participle of season
steaming: present participle and gerund of steam
invested: simple past and past participle of invest
rarefied: simple past and past participle of rarefy
throwing: present participle and gerund of throw
levitate: To cause to rise in the air and float, as if in defiance of gravity.
levitate: To be suspended in the air, as if in defiance of gravity.
refreeze: To freeze again.
refreeze: To freeze again.
violated: simple past and past participle of violate
facepalm: To bring the palm of one’s hand to one’s face as an expression of mixed humor and disbelief, disgust or shame; for example, when one is caught off-guard with a particularly bad pun.
facepalm: To bring one’s face down to one’s cupped hand or hands.
untangle: To remove tangles or knots from.
untangle: To remove confusion or mystery from.
polished: simple past and past participle of polish
poisoned: simple past and past participle of poison
backdoor: Alternative spelling of back door
seething: present participle and gerund of seethe
swirling: present participle and gerund of swirl
dispense: To issue, distribute, or give out.
dispense: To apply, as laws to particular cases; to administer; to execute; to manage; to direct.
dispense: To supply or make up a medicine or prescription.
dispense: To give a dispensation to (someone); to excuse.
dispense: To compensate; to make up; to make amends.
speeches: third-person singular simple present indicative of speech
lambaste: To scold, reprimand or criticize harshly.
lambaste: To give a thrashing to; to beat severely.
chalk up: To achieve something.
chalk up: To assign a debt to someone.
gloating: present participle and gerund of gloat
pull out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pull, out.
pull out: To withdraw; especially of military forces; to retreat.
pull out: To transition from a dive to level or climbing flight.
pull out: To use coitus interruptus as a method of birth control.
pull out: To remove something from a container.
pull out: To maneuver a vehicle from the side of a road onto the lane.
pull out: To draw out or lengthen.
demolish: To destroy (buildings, etc.), especially in a planned or intentional fashion.
demolish: To defeat, refute, discredit, or consume utterly (as a theory, belief or opponent).
drilling: present participle and gerund of drill
bracelet: To surround with, or as if with, a bracelet; to ring or encompass.
suppress: To put an end to, especially with force, to crush, do away with; to prohibit, subdue.
suppress: To restrain or repress, such as laughter or an expression.
suppress: To exclude undesirable thoughts from one's mind.
suppress: To prevent publication.
suppress: To stop a flow or stream.
suppress: To forbid the use of evidence at trial because it is improper or was improperly obtained.
suppress: To reduce unwanted frequencies in a signal.
suppress: To stop or prevent the enemy from executing unwanted activities like firing, regrouping, observation or others.
suppress: To hold in place, to keep low.
scathing: present participle and gerund of scathe
toboggan: To slide down a hill on a toboggan or other object.
toboggan: To go downhill unstoppably until one reaches the bottom.
toboggan: To fly sharply downward so as to build up speed to facilitate in-flight refueling of a faster aircraft.
kalendar: Archaic form of calendar.
colorize: To add color to.
colorize: To convert black and white media to color by digital post production (as is often done in digital photography and in video special effects).
outreach: To reach further than.
outreach: To surpass or exceed.
outreach: To go too far.
outreach: To provide charitable or religious services to people who would otherwise not have access to those services.
forsworn: past participle of forswear
staggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of stagger
postdate: To occur after an event or time; to exist later on in time
postdate: To assign an effective date to a document or action later than the actual date
postdate: To affix a date to after the event.
serenade: To sing or play a serenade for (someone).
re-skill: Alternative form of reskill
cut down: To cut downward.
cut down: To bring down by cutting.
cut down: To insult, to belittle.
cut down: To reduce the amount of something.
cut down: To slay, often in great numbers.
hand out: To distribute; to give out.
hand out: To help (someone) from a vehicle.
antedate: To occur before an event or time; to exist further back in time.
antedate: To assign a date to a document or action earlier than the actual date.
antedate: To find earlier citational evidence for a term.
unlocked: simple past and past participle of unlock
scrutiny: To scrutinize.
spurning: present participle and gerund of spurn
rollover: Misspelling of roll over.
trembled: simple past and past participle of tremble
rejoined: simple past and past participle of rejoin
troubles: third-person singular simple present indicative of trouble
promises: third-person singular simple present indicative of promise
passages: third-person singular simple present indicative of passage
commands: third-person singular simple present indicative of command
garrison: To assign troops to a military post.
garrison: To convert into a military fort.
garrison: To occupy with troops.
fortunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fortune
elapsing: present participle and gerund of elapse
waffling: present participle and gerund of waffle (To ramble on without a point; to argue a point without substantial evidence or a clear opinion.)
encumber: To load down something with a burden.
encumber: To restrict or block something with a hindrance or impediment.
encumber: To burden with a legal claim or other obligation.
stonking: present participle and gerund of stonk
lighting: present participle and gerund of light
disciple: To convert (a person) into a disciple.
disciple: To train, educate, teach.
disciple: To train, educate, teach.
disciple: To routinely counsel (one's peer or junior) one-on-one in their discipleship of Christ, as a fellow affirmed disciple.
twilight: To illuminate faintly.
luncheon: To eat luncheon.
luncheon: To serve luncheon to.
firewall: To protect with a firewall.
firewall: To block with a firewall.
firewall: To use maximum engine power or acceleration.
befuddle: To perplex, confuse (someone).
befuddle: To stupefy (someone), especially with alcohol.
trapdoor: To subvert (a cryptographic scheme) by means of a secret parameter that makes the trapdoor function easy to compute.
trapdoor: To form a trapdoor deformity.
rarified: simple past and past participle of rarify
bothered: simple past and past participle of bother
rule out: To cross an item out by drawing a straight line through it, as with a ruler.
rule out: To reject an option from a list of possibilities.
rule out: To make something impossible.
rule out: To disallow.
rule out: To make unavailable.
disclaim: To completely renounce claims to; to deny ownership of or responsibility for
disclaim: To deny, as a claim; to refuse.
disclaim: (law) To relinquish or deny having a claim; to disavow another's claim; to decline accepting, as an estate, interest, or office.
disclaim: To make an admission or warning.
reprieve: To cancel or postpone the punishment of someone, especially an execution.
reprieve: To bring relief to someone.
reprieve: To take back to prison (in lieu of execution).
reprieve: To abandon or postpone plans to close, withdraw or abolish (something).
wheedled: simple past and past participle of wheedle
embraced: simple past and past participle of embrace
borrowed: simple past and past participle of borrow
procured: simple past and past participle of procure
ascended: simple past and past participle of ascend
deserved: simple past and past participle of deserve
staffing: present participle and gerund of staff
asserted: simple past and past participle of assert
reckoned: simple past and past participle of reckon
beauties: third-person singular simple present indicative of beauty
rejoiced: simple past and past participle of rejoice
welcomed: simple past and past participle of welcome
kneeling: present participle and gerund of kneel
grounded: simple past and past participle of ground
dropping: present participle and gerund of drop
outlawed: simple past and past participle of outlaw
indulged: simple past and past participle of indulge
shrugged: simple past and past participle of shrug
detained: simple past and past participle of detain
enlarged: simple past and past participle of enlarge
striving: present participle and gerund of strive
elevated: simple past and past participle of elevate
realised: simple past and past participle of realise
delights: third-person singular simple present indicative of delight
scanning: present participle and gerund of scan
analyzed: simple past and past participle of analyze
encoding: present participle and gerund of encode
blossoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of blossom
blankets: third-person singular simple present indicative of blanket
backstop: To serve as backstop for.
backstop: To bolster, support.
dragging: present participle and gerund of drag
conveyed: simple past and past participle of convey
lectures: third-person singular simple present indicative of lecture
wreathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreathe
comrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of comrade
pursuing: present participle and gerund of pursue
imposing: present participle and gerund of impose
acronyms: third-person singular simple present indicative of acronym
assisted: simple past and past participle of assist
breathed: simple past and past participle of breathe
secretes: third-person singular simple present indicative of secrete
exalting: present participle and gerund of exalt
consults: third-person singular simple present indicative of consult
remedies: third-person singular simple present indicative of remedy
defended: simple past and past participle of defend
retorted: simple past and past participle of retort
muscling: present participle and gerund of muscle
generals: third-person singular simple present indicative of general
dazzling: present participle and gerund of dazzle
bottling: present participle and gerund of bottle
examines: third-person singular simple present indicative of examine
curtains: third-person singular simple present indicative of curtain
awaiting: present participle and gerund of await
punished: simple past and past participle of punish
spotting: present participle and gerund of spot
potlatch: To give; especially, to give as a gift during a potlatch ceremony.
potlatch: To carry out or take part in a potlatch ceremony.
ascribed: simple past and past participle of ascribe
bullying: present participle and gerund of bully
stumbled: simple past and past participle of stumble
confided: simple past and past participle of confide
provoked: simple past and past participle of provoke
ensuring: present participle and gerund of ensure
governed: simple past and past participle of govern
subsides: third-person singular simple present indicative of subside
imported: simple past and past participle of import
embarked: simple past and past participle of embark
enforced: simple past and past participle of enforce
desiring: present participle and gerund of desire
stepping: present participle and gerund of step
tortured: simple past and past participle of torture
escaping: present participle and gerund of escape
husbands: third-person singular simple present indicative of husband
trenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of trench
fatigues: third-person singular simple present indicative of fatigue
marching: present participle and gerund of march
sprouted: simple past and past participle of sprout
cleaving: present participle and gerund of cleave
hardened: simple past and past participle of harden
drowning: present participle and gerund of drown
preaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of preach
perishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of perish
preached: simple past and past participle of preach
cropping: present participle and gerund of crop
perished: simple past and past participle of perish
hurrying: present participle and gerund of hurry
corrival: To compete with; to rival
recourse: To return; to recur.
recourse: To have recourse; to resort.
snatched: simple past and past participle of snatch
overflow: To flow over the brim of (a container).
overflow: To cover with a liquid, literally or figuratively.
overflow: To cause an overflow.
overflow: To flow over the edge of a container.
overflow: To exceed limits or capacity.
overflow: To exceed limits or capacity.
overflow: To (cause to) exceed the available numeric range.
overflow: To be superabundant; to abound.
frenched: simple past and past participle of french
proceeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of proceed
swinging: present participle and gerund of swing
downfall: To fall down; deteriorate; decline.
sweeping: present participle and gerund of sweep
begrudge: To grudge about or over; be envious or covetous.
begrudge: To be reluctant.
begrudge: To give reluctantly.
preclude: Remove the possibility of; rule out; prevent or exclude; to make impossible.
urinated: simple past and past participle of urinate
quantify: To assign a quantity to.
quantify: To determine the value of (a variable or expression).
quantify: To relate a statement (called a predicate) to a given set using a quantifier—either for all (denoted ∀) or there exists (denoted ∃).
lengthen: To make longer, to extend the length of.
lengthen: To become longer.
lingered: simple past and past participle of linger
esteemed: simple past and past participle of esteem
navigate: To plan, control and record the position and course of a vehicle, ship, aircraft, etc., on a journey; to follow a planned course.
navigate: To give directions, as from a map, to someone driving a vehicle.
navigate: To travel over water in a ship; to sail.
navigate: To move between web pages, menus, etc. by means of hyperlinks, mouse clicks, or any other mechanism.
navigate: To find a way through a difficult situation or process.
lip sync: Alternative spelling of lip-sync
ionising: present participle and gerund of ionise
excluded: simple past and past participle of exclude
encamped: simple past and past participle of encamp
assented: simple past and past participle of assent
notifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of notify
avoiding: present participle and gerund of avoid
trusting: present participle and gerund of trust
choosing: present participle and gerund of choose
unsteady: To render unsteady, removing balance.
inviting: present participle and gerund of invite
headline: To give a headline to a page or section of a text.
headline: To present as the main attraction; to have top billing, to be the main attraction.
bleached: simple past and past participle of bleach
blotched: simple past and past participle of blotch
brooding: present participle and gerund of brood
showcase: To display, demonstrate, show, or present.
besieged: simple past and past participle of besiege
saponify: To convert (a fat or oil) into soap.
saponify: To be converted into soap.
saponify: To hydrolyze (an ester) using an alkali.
downpour: To pour down; rain heavily.
antiship: To participate in the activities of anti-shippers
tune out: To stop paying attention to; to ignore; to zone out.
tune out: To change the channel or frequency away from.
deposits: third-person singular simple present indicative of deposit
eulogize: To praise, celebrate or pay homage to (someone), especially in an eloquent formal eulogy.
patriate: To assume control of (a governmental power) from a former mother country.
slipping: present participle and gerund of slip
flagship: To act as a flagship for.
regained: simple past and past participle of regain
impelled: simple past and past participle of impel
clutched: simple past and past participle of clutch
thrilled: simple past and past participle of thrill
noticing: present participle and gerund of notice
sketches: third-person singular simple present indicative of sketch
vaunting: present participle and gerund of vaunt
degraded: simple past and past participle of degrade
dripping: present participle and gerund of drip
starving: present participle and gerund of starve
enduring: present participle and gerund of endure
thieving: present participle and gerund of thieve
questing: present participle and gerund of quest
bring up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see bring, up: To bring from a lower to a higher position.
bring up: To mention.
bring up: To raise or rear (children).
bring up: To uncover, to bring from obscurity; to resurface (e.g. a memory)
bring up: To turn on power or start, as of a machine.
bring up: To vomit.
bring up: To stop or interrupt a flow or steady motion.
bring up: To reach a particular score, especially a milestone.
bring up: To legally charge and put on trial.
ensemble: To put together in a coordinated whole.
ensemble: To perform in a musical ensemble.
appliqué: Alternative spelling of applique
crack on: To continue at a task briskly or promptly.
crack on: To continue apace.
crack on: To put on.
break up: To break or separate into pieces.
break up: To break or separate into pieces; to disintegrate or come apart.
break up: To upset greatly; to cause great emotional disturbance or unhappiness.
break up: To end a (usually romantic or sexual) relationship.
break up: To end a (usually romantic or sexual) relationship with each other.
break up: To dissolve; to part.
break up: Of a school, to close for the holidays at the end of term.
break up: Of a conversation, to cease to be understandable because of a bad connection; of a signal, to deteriorate.
break up: To stop a fight; to separate people who are fighting.
break up: To become disorganised.
break up: To cut or take to pieces for scrap.
break up: To be or cause to be overcome with laughter.
overkill: To destroy something with more (nuclear) force than is required.
overkill: To dispose of too many items because of too-high criteria of inspection.
overkill: To do something excessive to achieve a goal.
tick off: To sign with a tick.
tick off: To list (create or recite a list).
tick off: To annoy, aggravate.
tick off: To reprimand.
overbear: To carry over.
overbear: To push through by physical weight or strength; to overwhelm, overcome.
overbear: To prevail over; to dominate, overpower; to oppress.
overbear: To produce an overabundance of fruit.
dishonor: US standard spelling of dishonour.
abandons: third-person singular simple present indicative of abandon
rotating: present participle and gerund of rotate
confines: third-person singular simple present indicative of confine
make out: To draw up (a document etc.), to designate (a cheque) to a given recipient, payee.
make out: To send out.
make out: To discern; to manage to see, hear etc.
make out: To manage, get along; to do (well, badly etc.).
make out: To represent; to make (something) appear to be true.
make out: To embrace and kiss passionately.
make out: To engage in heavy petting or sexual intercourse.
romanise: Alternative form of romanize
expedite: To accelerate the progress of.
expedite: To perform (a task) fast and efficiently.
expedite: To perform the duties of an expediter.
baby-sit: Alternative spelling of babysit
backstab: to attack someone (especially verbally) unfairly in a deceitful, underhand, or treacherous manner, especially when they're not present in the place or situation that it happens. (as if stabbing them in the back). See backbite.
cracking: present participle and gerund of crack
intercom: To communicate (with) by intercom.
denounce: To make known in a formal manner; to proclaim; to announce; to declare.
denounce: To criticize or speak out against (someone or something); to point out as deserving of reprehension, etc.; to openly accuse or condemn in a threatening manner; to invoke censure upon; to stigmatize; to blame.
denounce: To make a formal or public accusation against; to inform against; to accuse.
denounce: To proclaim in a threatening manner; to threaten by some outward sign or expression; make a menace of.
denounce: To announce the termination of; especially a treaty or armistice.
denounce: To claim the right of working a mine that is abandoned or insufficiently worked.
coupling: present participle and gerund of couple
simonize: To polish to a high sheen with a wax-like substance.
conflate: To combine or mix together.
conflate: To fail to properly distinguish or keep separate (things); to mistakenly treat (them) as equivalent.
conflate: To deliberately draw a false equivalence or association, typically in a tacit or implicit manner as propaganda and/or an intentional distortion or misrepresentation of the subject matter.
gangster: To act like a gangster; to commit street crime or run a racket.
make for: To set out to go (somewhere); to move towards.
make for: To tend to produce or result in.
make for: To confirm, favour, strengthen (an opinion, theory, etc.).
make for: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see make, for.
resisted: simple past and past participle of resist
redacted: simple past and past participle of redact
embolden: To render (someone) bolder or more courageous.
embolden: To encourage, inspire, or motivate.
embolden: To format text in boldface.
extended: simple past and past participle of extend
talisman: To adorn with a talisman.
elongate: To make long or longer by pulling and stretching; to make elongated.
elongate: To become long or longer by being pulled or stretched; to become elongated.
elongate: To move to or place at a distance (from something).
elongate: To depart to, or be at, a distance (from something); especially, to appear to recede from the sun, as a planet in its orbit.
reassess: to assess again; to revise an earlier assessment; to reevaluate
churches: third-person singular simple present indicative of church
tarpaper: To cover with tarpaper.
remained: simple past and past participle of remain
happened: simple past and past participle of happen
appeared: simple past and past participle of appear
answered: simple past and past participle of answer
returned: simple past and past participle of return
training: present participle and gerund of train
relearnt: simple past and past participle of relearn
comments: third-person singular simple present indicative of comment
sconcing: present participle and gerund of sconce
outcross: to crossbreed different strains of a plant or animal.
uprising: present participle and gerund of uprise
Hebraize: To convert (something) into a Hebrew/Hebraic form.
Hebraize: To use Hebrew/Hebraic idioms.
idealize: To regard something as ideal.
idealize: To conceive or form an ideal.
idealize: To portray using idealization.
pleading: present participle and gerund of plead
scuttles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scuttle
soldiers: third-person singular simple present indicative of soldier
garnered: simple past and past participle of garner
arquebus: To shoot with an arquebus.
catamite: To engage in a homoerotic relationship involving a boy and an older man.
beasting: present participle and gerund of beast
appalled: simple past and past participle of appall
appalled: simple past and past participle of appal
bioassay: To carry out such an analysis.
backchat: To respond in a disputative, often sarcastic manner.
lovebird: To express romantic affection openly.
backcomb: To hold hair and comb it towards the head, thus giving it a bushier look.
buttoned: simple past and past participle of button
coercing: present participle and gerund of coerce
ligature: To ligate; to tie.
entender: To make tender.
entender: To treat with tenderness.
manwhore: To prostitute oneself, as a man.
quantize: To limit the number of possible values of a quantity, or states of a system, by applying the rules of quantum mechanics
quantize: To approximate a continuously varying signal by one whose amplitude can only have a set of discrete values
quantize: To shift each beat in a rhythmic pattern to the nearest beat of a given resolution (eighth note, sixteenth note, etc.), or to adjust the frequency or pitch of a note to the nearest perfect tone in a given musical scale
quantize: To associate a given set of numbers with a set of numeric values in another encoding or numerical system (e.g. in a discrete mathematics).
consumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of consume
saddened: simple past and past participle of sadden
catenate: To connect things together, especially to form a chain.
minimize: To make (something) smaller or as small as possible; shrink; reduce.
minimize: To relegate or assign (something) to a less insignificant status; diminish.
minimize: To remove (a window) from the main display area, collapsing it to an icon or caption.
minimize: To treat (someone) in a slighting manner.
collects: third-person singular simple present indicative of collect
pinpoint: To identify or locate (someone or something) precisely or with great accuracy.
caracole: To execute a caracole.
gentrify: To renovate or improve something, especially housing or district, to make it more appealing to the middle classes (often with the negative association of pricing out existing residents).
amassing: present participle and gerund of amass
imbosoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbosom
stamping: present participle and gerund of stamp
devalues: third-person singular simple present indicative of devalue
devalued: simple past and past participle of devalue
dumfound: Alternative form of dumbfound
embosoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of embosom
marinade: To marinate.
outflank: To maneuver around and behind the flank of (an opposing force).
outflank: To gain a tactical advantage over (a competitor, for example).
osculate: To kiss.
osculate: To touch so as to have the same tangent and curvature at the point of contact.
osculate: To make contact.
osculate: To perform osculation.
osculate: To form a connecting link between two genera.
blazoned: simple past and past participle of blazon
buffeted: simple past and past participle of buffet
fighting: present participle and gerund of fight
shredded: simple past and past participle of shred
indebted: simple past and past participle of indebt
doorstep: To visit one household after another to solicit sales, charitable donations, political support, etc.
doorstep: To corner somebody for an unexpected interview.
mandolin: To slice using a madolin; to julienne.
backdate: To give or assign a date to a document that is earlier than the current or true date.
handcuff: To apply handcuffs to
handcuff: to restrain or restrict.
keep out: To refrain from entering a place or condition.
keep out: To restrain someone or something from entering a place or condition.
keep out: To dress up
defilade: To fortify (something) as a protection from enfilading fire.
key into: To put (someone) into (a particular state, emotion etc.).
key into: To cohere with; to accord with, to be in keeping with.
key into: To make (someone) focus or concentrate on (something); to make (someone) understand.
obtained: simple past and past participle of obtain
observed: simple past and past participle of observe
observed: Exceptionally celebrated on a date other than the usual date.
produced: simple past and past participle of produce
suffered: simple past and past participle of suffer
proposed: simple past and past participle of propose
required: simple past and past participle of require
occurred: simple past and past participle of occur
occurred: simple past and past participle of occurre (obsolete form of occur)
vaporise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of vaporize.
declared: simple past and past participle of declare
carrying: present participle and gerund of carry
repeated: simple past and past participle of repeat
assorted: simple past and past participle of assort
peel out: To start abruptly from a standing stop, accelerating rapidly, especially so as to produce skid marks.
accepted: simple past and past participle of accept
headlock: To restrain in a headlock.
regarded: simple past and past participle of regard
intended: simple past and past participle of intend
finished: simple past and past participle of finish
fit into: To be of the right size and shape to be placed in a location.
fit into: To be of similar cultural or social status as the members of a group of people.
centuple: To increase a hundredfold.
centuple: To increase or multiply something by a hundred.
copyedit: To correct the spelling, grammar, formatting, etc. of printed material and prepare it for typesetting, printing, or online publishing.
firebomb: To attack with a firebomb.
deadlock: To cause or come to a deadlock.
nihilate: To encase in a shell of non-being.
nihilate: The action of consciousness, which is the origin of negation in facticity.
file out: To exit in one or more single file lines.
punch-up: Misspelling of punch up.
hosannah: Alternative spelling of hosanna
fill out: To complete a form or questionnaire with requested information.
fill out: To have one's physique expand with maturity or with surplus weight.
fill out: To fill up; to make full.
christen: To perform the religious act of baptism upon; to baptize.
christen: To name.
christen: To Christianize.
christen: To use for the first time.
christen: To douse or wet with blood, urine, tears, or other liquid.
humidify: To increase the humidity in the air.
stressed: simple past and past participle of stress
benefice: To bestow a benefice upon
occupied: simple past and past participle of occupy
contango: To charge (a buyer) a fee to defer settlement until the next settlement day.
isolated: simple past and past participle of isolate
bringing: present participle and gerund of bring
nutshell: To summarize (from the term in a nutshell).
directed: simple past and past participle of direct
emigrate: To leave the country in which one lives, especially one's native country, in order to reside elsewhere.
composed: simple past and past participle of compose
abducted: simple past and past participle of abduct
bang out: To do something quickly, in a slipshod, or unprofessional manner.
bang out: To eject.
bang out: To celebrate (a fellow printing or newspaper industry worker) to mark their completion of an apprenticeship or their retirement by (formerly) hitting metal furniture in the printing room or (more recently) hitting one's desk in the newsroom.
audition: To evaluate one or more performers in through an audition.
audition: To take part in such a performance.
branding: present participle and gerund of brand
crossbar: To mark with a pattern of transverse bars.
pyramids: third-person singular simple present indicative of pyramid
pearling: present participle and gerund of pearl
perorate: To speak or declaim at great length, especially in a pompous or grandiloquent manner; to harangue.
perorate: To make a peroration; to make a formal recapitulation at the end of a speech.
woodwork: To go completely stealth as a transgender person. (From the idea of fading or blending into the woodwork.)
titrated: simple past and past participle of titrate
carshare: To participate in a system of car sharing.
studying: present participle and gerund of study
proverbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of proverb
davening: present participle and gerund of daven
repaired: simple past and past participle of repair
consense: To agree; to form by consensus.
immunise: Alternative spelling of immunize.
hang ten: To perform a stunt on a longboard in which a surfer moves to the front of the board and rides with ten toes extended out over the nose, after positioning the board so the back of it is covered and held in place by a wave.
paralyse: To afflict with paralysis.
paralyse: To make unable to move; to immobilize.
paralyse: To make unable to function properly.
immunize: To make someone or something immune to something.
immunize: To inoculate someone, and thus produce immunity from a disease.
be on to: To figure out; to realize the truth.
depleted: simple past and past participle of deplete
fielding: present participle and gerund of field
paralyze: To afflict with paralysis.
paralyze: To render unable to move; to immobilize.
paralyze: To render unable to function properly.
bluejack: To send messages to (a device) anonymously using Bluetooth.
involved: simple past and past participle of involve
parallax: To measure (a distance) based on parallax observations.
parallax: To produce an illusion of levels of distance by shifting layers at different rates.
designed: simple past and past participle of design
recorded: simple past and past participle of record
slambang: To go with a slam and a bang; go noisily.
reenlist: To enlist again.
combated: simple past and past participle of combat
situated: simple past and past participle of situate
strangle: To kill someone by squeezing the throat so as to cut off the oxygen supply; to choke, suffocate or throttle.
strangle: To stifle or suppress.
strangle: To be killed by strangulation, or become strangled.
strangle: To be stifled, choked, or suffocated in any manner.
coiffure: to style or arrange hair
combined: simple past and past participle of combine
affected: simple past and past participle of affect
existing: present participle and gerund of exist
planning: present participle and gerund of plan
supplies: third-person singular simple present indicative of supply
entering: present participle and gerund of enter
pass gas: to flatulate
trump up: To create falsely, to fabricate (particularly applied to accusations, (legal) charges or evidence).
trump up: Heavily publicise, promote or market a product.
sign off: To log off; to stop using a computer, radio, etc., especially to stop talking.
sign off: To cease broadcasting a radio or television signal, usually at the end of a broadcasting day.
sign off: to give one's official approval to something for which it is needed
detected: simple past and past participle of detect
trapping: present participle and gerund of trap
prettify: To make pretty or prettier, to make more attractive, especially only in a superficial way.
prettify: Synonym of pretty-print
deputize: To officially empower, authorize, pronounce, and establish (someone) to be a deputy.
deputize: to officially empower and authorize (someone) to act as a substitute in one's role or office
deputize: To act as a substitute for a person in their role or office
menacing: present participle and gerund of menace
measured: simple past and past participle of measure
offering: present participle and gerund of offer
favorite: Alternative form of favourite
opinions: third-person singular simple present indicative of opinion
blow out: To extinguish something, especially a flame, especially by means of a strong current of air or another gas.
blow out: To deflate quickly on being punctured.
blow out: In a sporting contest, to dominate and defeat an opposing team, especially by a large scoring margin.
blow out: to exhaust; to physically tire
blow out: To force open or out by the expansive force of a gas or vapour.
blow out: To be driven out by the expansive force of a gas or vapour.
blow out: To talk violently or abusively.
blow out: To sing out, sing out loud.
blow out: To spend a lot of money; to splurge.
creating: present participle and gerund of create
absorbed: simple past and past participle of absorb
fired up: simple past and past participle of fire up
pass out: To faint; to become unconscious.
pass out: To distribute, to hand out.
pass out: To graduate, usually marked by a ceremony at the end of training.
pass out: To become proficient in a particular job or task.
pass out: To graduate from university.
pass out: To end (a round) by having passes as the first four bids.
pass out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pass, out.
measures: third-person singular simple present indicative of measure
libeling: present participle and gerund of libel
selected: simple past and past participle of select
backslap: To enthusiastically affirm or congratulate a person, especially by patting them on the back.
impaired: simple past and past participle of impair
branches: third-person singular simple present indicative of branch
retarded: simple past and past participle of retard
backspin: To spin (a ball) with this motion.
backspin: To play a section of a record in reverse, as a disc jockey; to apply spinback.
detailed: simple past and past participle of detail
invented: simple past and past participle of invent
embraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrace
damaging: present participle and gerund of damage
let down: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see let, down.
let down: To allow to descend.
let down: To disappoint; to betray or fail somebody
let down: To lengthen by undoing and resewing a hem.
let down: To reduce one's level of effort.
let down: To soften in tempering.
thriving: present participle and gerund of thrive
furbelow: To adorn with a furbelow; to ornament.
domicile: To have a domicile in a particular place.
weighing: present participle and gerund of weigh
yachting: present participle and gerund of yacht
fracture: To break, or cause something to break.
fracture: To amuse (a person) greatly; to split someone's sides.
features: third-person singular simple present indicative of feature
contains: third-person singular simple present indicative of contain
imagined: simple past and past participle of imagin
imagined: simple past and past participle of imagine
compared: simple past and past participle of compare
reducing: present participle and gerund of reduce
cleaning: present participle and gerund of clean
policies: third-person singular simple present indicative of policy
removing: present participle and gerund of remove
requires: third-person singular simple present indicative of require
hoarding: present participle and gerund of hoard
released: simple past and past participle of release
reaching: present participle and gerund of reach
conducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of conduct
raveling: present participle and gerund of ravel
inspired: simple past and past participle of inspire.
purified: simple past and past participle of purify
unbroken: past participle of unbreak
defeated: simple past and past participle of defeat
reemerge: To emerge again, to come into view after having hidden.
reemerge: To come out of a situation, object or a liquid after having entered it.
deprived: past participle of deprive
renounce: To give up, resign, surrender.
renounce: To cast off, repudiate.
renounce: To decline further association with someone or something, disown.
renounce: To abandon, forsake, discontinue (an action, habit, intention, etc), sometimes by open declaration.
renounce: To make a renunciation of something.
renounce: To surrender formally some right or trust.
renounce: To fail to follow suit; playing a card of a different suit when having no card of the suit led.
stick to: To persist; to continue (to use, do, etc.)
stick to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see stick, to.
scrawled: simple past and past participle of scrawl
insulted: simple past and past participle of insult
referred: simple past and past participle of refer
boasting: present participle and gerund of boast
bragging: present participle and gerund of brag
cover up: To conceal or disguise.
cover up: To clothe.
cover up: To put covers over oneself in bed.
stir-fry: To fry quickly in hot oil whilst constantly stirring, especially in a wok or similar pan.
attended: simple past and past participle of attend
solidify: To make solid; convert into a solid body.
solidify: To concentrate; consolidate, reinforce.
solidify: To become solid; to freeze, set.
stealing: present participle and gerund of steal
sediment: To deposit material as a sediment.
sediment: To be deposited as a sediment.
canceled: simple past and past participle of cancel
exacting: present participle and gerund of exact
distrust: To put no trust in; to have no confidence in.
slapdash: To apply, or apply something to, in a hasty, careless, or rough manner; to roughcast.
infringe: Break or violate a treaty, a law, a right etc.
infringe: Break in or encroach on something.
belabour: To labour about; labour over; to work hard upon; to ply diligently.
belabour: To beat or thump (someone) soundly.
belabour: To attack (someone) verbally.
belabour: To discuss or explain (something) excessively or repeatedly; to harp on or overelaborate.
encroach: to seize, appropriate
encroach: to intrude unrightfully on someone else’s rights or territory
encroach: to advance gradually beyond due limits
sort out: To clarify by reviewing mentally.
sort out: To arrange.
sort out: To fix (a problem).
sort out: To organise or separate into groups, as a collection of items, so as to make tidy.
sort out: To separate from the remainder of a group; often construed with from.
sort out: To take action to stop someone who has been causing trouble, often by physically attacking them.
sort out: To provide (somebody) with a necessity, or a solution to a problem.
blandish: To persuade someone by using flattery; to cajole.
blandish: To praise someone dishonestly; to flatter or butter up.
mutineer: To mutiny.
macarize: To congratulate or laud; to pronounce blessed or happy.
dispirit: To lower the morale of; to make despondent; to dishearten.
outgoing: present participle and gerund of outgo
engraved: simple past and past participle of engrave
depraved: simple past and past participle of deprave
disputed: simple past and past participle of dispute
Columbus: To explore; to go around exploring, to go around as an explorer.
Columbus: To appropriate; to lay claim to something, especially a discovery, which is perceived as belonging to someone else.
overstep: To go too far beyond (a limit); especially, to cross boundaries or exceed norms or conventions.
overstep: To take a step in which the foot touches ground too far forward.
overstep: To move with a gait such that the hind foot touches the ground forward of the point where the front foot touches the ground.
knouting: present participle and gerund of knout
construe: To understand (something) as meaning, to take to mean.
construe: To interpret (something) to another or publicly, explain the meaning (of something), usually language.
construe: To analyze the grammatical structure of a clause or sentence; to parse.
construe: To admit of grammatical analysis.
construe: To translate.
construe: To infer.
construe: To explain.
crushing: present participle and gerund of crush
knocking: present participle and gerund of knock
maculate: To spot; to stain; to blur.
reported: simple past and past participle of report
parodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of parody
entangle: To tangle up; to twist or interweave in such a manner as not to be easily separated.
entangle: To involve in such complications as to render extrication difficult.
entangle: To ensnare.
entangle: To involve in difficulties or embarrassments; to embarrass, puzzle, or distract by adverse or perplexing circumstances, interests, demands, etc.; to hamper; to bewilder.
truckled: simple past and past participle of truckle
headlong: To precipitate.
bushbash: To travel or build a route straight across country rather than following an established track, typically involving forcing one's way through forest and/or undergrowth.
clipping: present participle and gerund of clip
condoned: simple past and past participle of condone
fade out: To slowly disappear.
fade out: To fade from a cut to black in a movie.
fade out: To decrease in volume, such as at the end of a song, until there is only silence.
operated: simple past and past participle of operate
tailgate: To drive dangerously close behind another vehicle.
tailgate: To follow another person through access control on their access, rather than on one’s own credentials, especially when entering a door controlled by a card reader.
tailgate: To privately purchase or sell a security immediately after trading in the same security for a client.
tailgate: To have a tailgate party.
clichéed: simple past and past participle of cliché
switches: third-person singular simple present indicative of switch
clinging: present participle and gerund of cling
consists: third-person singular simple present indicative of consist
dirtiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dirty
motivate: To provide someone with an incentive to do something; to encourage.
motivate: To animate; to propel; to cause to take action
emaciate: To make extremely thin or wasted.
emaciate: To become extremely thin or wasted.
disabled: simple past and past participle of disable
latticed: simple past and past participle of lattice
afflicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of afflict
confront: To stand or meet facing, especially in competition, hostility or defiance; to come face to face with
confront: To deal with.
confront: To bring someone face to face with something.
confront: To come up against; to encounter.
confront: To engage in confrontation.
confront: To set a thing side by side with; to compare.
confront: To put a thing facing to; to set in contrast to.
expiring: present participle and gerund of expire
subitise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of subitize.
jack off: To masturbate, usually as a male.
jack off: To manually stimulate another person's penis.
jack off: To stimulate or please oneself in an unproductive or idle way.
cybersex: To exchange explicit sexual experiences online via text or multimedia.
cybersex: To engage in sexual activity, usually masturbation, while communicating online with another person.
subitize: To judge (the number of objects in a group) rapidly, accurately and confidently without counting them.
invected: simple past and past participle of invect
planting: present participle and gerund of plant
purposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of purpose
purposed: simple past and past participle of purpose
etiolate: To make pale through lack of light, especially of a plant.
etiolate: To make pale and sickly-looking.
etiolate: To become pale or blanched.
chaperon: To accompany; to escort.
chaperon: To mother.
attacked: simple past and past participle of attack
pictures: third-person singular simple present indicative of picture
accounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of account
attempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of attempt
flinders: third-person singular simple present indicative of flinder
restored: simple past and past participle of restore
presents: third-person singular simple present indicative of present
impleach: to entwine, entangle
gralloch: To eviscerate a deer.
fall out: To come out of something by falling.
fall out: To cease to be on friendly terms.
fall out: To leave one's place in the current formation of ranks in order to take one's place in a new formation.
fall out: To leave one's current location to report for duty at a new location.
fall out: To pass out.
fall out: To turn out, happen.
intaglio: To engrave or etch using intaglio.
stuff up: To ruin or harm.
stuff up: To make a big mistake.
stuff up: To cause (the nasal passages) to be blocked.
badmouth: To criticize or malign, especially unfairly or spitefully.
glowered: simple past and past participle of glower
baptised: simple past and past participle of baptise
baptized: simple past and past participle of baptize
truncate: To shorten (something) by, or as if by, cutting part of it off.
truncate: To shorten (a decimal number) by removing trailing (or leading) digits.
truncate: To replace a corner by a plane (or to make a similar change to a crystal).
effected: simple past and past participle of effect
treating: present participle and gerund of treat
prefixed: simple past and past participle of prefix
maquette: To prepare a maquette (of).
absented: simple past and past participle of absent
abstains: third-person singular simple present indicative of abstain
absconds: third-person singular simple present indicative of abscond
abounded: simple past and past participle of abound
abseiled: simple past and past participle of abseil
abrading: present participle and gerund of abrade
abridges: third-person singular simple present indicative of abridge
thumping: present participle and gerund of thump
tie down: to constrain, or to confine within set limits.
tie down: to secure as if with a rope or hook.
absolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of absolve
tickling: present participle and gerund of tickle
counting: present participle and gerund of count
abashing: present participle and gerund of abash
profaned: simple past and past participle of profane
oversees: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversee
verifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of verify
scaffold: To set up a scaffolding; to surround a building with scaffolding.
scaffold: To sustain; to provide support for.
scaffold: To dispose of the bodies of the dead on a scaffold or raised platform, as by some Native American tribes.
strained: simple past and past participle of strain
profanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of profane
pinafore: To dress in a pinafore.
chuck up: To vomit; throw up.
chuck up: To chuck up the sponge; to give up; to admit defeat; to break a contract; to abandon or quit (something).
chuck up: To be released from prison.
sanctify: To make holy; to consecrate; to set aside for sacred or ceremonial use.
sanctify: To free from sin; to purify.
sanctify: To make acceptable or useful under religious law or practice.
sanctify: To endorse with religious sanction.
fandango: To dance the fandango.
fandango: To dance, particularly with a lot of energy.
postmark: To apply a postmark on.
tinplate: Alternative spelling of tin-plate
tingling: present participle and gerund of tingle
tinkling: present participle and gerund of tinkle
get away: To move away (from).
get away: To avoid capture; to escape; to flee (from).
get away: To take a break from one's present circumstances; to journey (to), especially on holiday.
get away: To start moving; to depart.
get away: To slip from one's control.
accented: simple past and past participle of accent
accorded: simple past and past participle of accord
acclaims: third-person singular simple present indicative of acclaim
accruing: present participle and gerund of accrue
abutting: present participle and gerund of abut
accesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of access
accusing: present participle and gerund of accuse
snowshoe: To travel using snowshoes.
vasalled: simple past and past participle of vasal
diverted: simple past and past participle of divert
go after: To pursue in attempt to catch another.
go after: To pursue an object or a goal.
enacting: present participle and gerund of enact
edifying: present participle and gerund of edify
toxicate: To metabolise a drug or other compound to produce a toxic metabolite.
Frenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of French
Frenched: simple past and past participle of French
aberring: present participle and gerund of aberr
stations: third-person singular simple present indicative of station
abducing: present participle and gerund of abduce
remanded: simple past and past participle of remand
abastard: To abastardize.
abjected: simple past and past participle of abject
abording: present participle and gerund of abord
abomined: simple past and past participle of abomine
abrasing: present participle and gerund of abrase
abreacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abreact
abraided: simple past and past participle of abraid
abrooked: simple past and past participle of abrook
abrupted: simple past and past participle of abrupt
abscinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of abscind
abscises: third-person singular simple present indicative of abscise
abscised: simple past and past participle of abscise
absuming: present participle and gerund of absume
accended: simple past and past participle of accend
accinged: simple past and past participle of accinge
accinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of accinge
acciting: present participle and gerund of accite
abomines: third-person singular simple present indicative of abomine
abanding: present participle and gerund of aband
trade in: To give a piece of merchandise as part of the payment or trade for something new.
partakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of partake
divvy up: To divide up: to divide, particularly into separate shares for distribution.
abluting: present participle and gerund of ablute
prologue: To introduce with a formal preface, or prologue.
advoking: present participle and gerund of advoke
adviewed: simple past and past participle of adview
envisage: To conceive or see something within one's mind; to imagine or envision.
adverted: simple past and past participle of advert
accoiled: simple past and past participle of accoil
accloyed: simple past and past participle of accloy
accolled: simple past and past participle of accoll
accoasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of accoast
corduroy: To make (a road) by laying down split logs or tree-trunks over a marsh, swamp etc.
accompts: third-person singular simple present indicative of accompt
accourts: third-person singular simple present indicative of accourt
accoying: present participle and gerund of accoy
capsizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of capsize
traction: To apply a sustained pull to (a limb, etc.).
capsized: simple past and past participle of capsize
airlifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of airlift
airmails: third-person singular simple present indicative of airmail
aguising: present participle and gerund of aguise
agrising: present participle and gerund of agrise
agonised: simple past and past participle of agonise
agisting: present participle and gerund of agist
agitates: third-person singular simple present indicative of agitate
agnizing: present participle and gerund of agnize
agnising: present participle and gerund of agnise
agonizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of agonize
agonises: third-person singular simple present indicative of agonise
clinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of clinch
reflects: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflect
forehand: To strike with a forehand stroke.
archived: simple past and past participle of archive
defining: present participle and gerund of define
receives: third-person singular simple present indicative of receive
finalize: To make final or firm; to finish or complete.
finalize: To prepare (an object) for garbage collection by calling its finalizer.
acuating: present participle and gerund of acuate
checking: present participle and gerund of check
actuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of actuate
altering: present participle and gerund of alter
actuated: simple past and past participle of actuate
chapters: third-person singular simple present indicative of chapter
mistakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistake
cheering: present participle and gerund of cheer
marrying: present participle and gerund of marry
twinning: present participle and gerund of twin
bouncing: present participle and gerund of bounce
sticking: present participle and gerund of stick
grieving: present participle and gerund of grieve
flickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flicker
deadened: simple past and past participle of deaden
glimmers: third-person singular simple present indicative of glimmer
crumbled: simple past and past participle of crumble
bursting: present participle and gerund of burst
environs: third-person singular simple present indicative of environ
inflamed: simple past and past participle of inflame
crumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crumble
crawling: present participle and gerund of crawl
gripping: present participle and gerund of grip
darkened: simple past and past participle of darken
grasping: present participle and gerund of grasp
noughted: simple past and past participle of nought
assigned: simple past and past participle of assign
flatting: present participle and gerund of flat
accretes: third-person singular simple present indicative of accrete
accurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of accurse
achieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of achieve
accreted: simple past and past participle of accrete
visiting: present participle and gerund of visit
flooring: present participle and gerund of floor
chambers: third-person singular simple present indicative of chamber
retained: simple past and past participle of retain
rejected: simple past and past participle of reject
numbered: simple past and past participle of number
emerging: present participle and gerund of emerge
improved: simple past and past participle of improve
jaunting: present participle and gerund of jaunt
afforded: simple past and past participle of afford
meddling: present participle and gerund of meddle
resigned: simple past and past participle of resign
applying: present participle and gerund of apply
diseased: simple past and past participle of disease
dreaming: present participle and gerund of dream
detached: simple past and past participle of detach
inscribe: To write or cut (words) onto (something, especially a hard surface, or a book to be given to another person); to engrave.
inscribe: To draw a circle, sphere, etc. inside a polygon, polyhedron, etc. and tangent to all its sides.
engaging: present participle and gerund of engage
arrested: simple past and past participle of arrest
supplant: To take the place of; to replace, to supersede.
supplant: To uproot, to remove violently.
sporting: present participle and gerund of sport
loathing: present participle and gerund of loathe
loathing: present participle and gerund of loath
kayaking: present participle and gerund of kayak
stockade: To enclose in a stockade.
worships: third-person singular simple present indicative of worship
disapply: To decline to apply a rule or law that previously applied
trucking: present participle and gerund of truck
modifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of modify
underarm: To supply with insufficient weaponry.
tell all: To reveal everything, particularly information that is normally withheld.
tell all: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see tell, all.
kerchief: To cover with a kerchief.
surmised: simple past and past participle of surmise
facebook: Alternative form of Facebook
refereed: simple past and past participle of referee
moulding: present participle and gerund of mould
splatter: To splash; to scatter; to land or strike in an uneven, distributed mess.
splatter: To cause (something) to splatter.
splatter: To spatter (something or somebody).
repartee: To reply with a repartee.
repartee: To have a repartee (conversation marked by repartees).
federate: To unite in a federation.
canister: To pack into a canister.
crockpot: To cook (food) in a slow cooker.
cakewalk: To perform the cakewalk dance.
ponytail: To form (the hair) into a ponytail.
shitting: present participle and gerund of shit
car-jack: Alternative spelling of carjack
typecast: To cast an actor in the same kind of role repeatedly.
typecast: To identify one as being of a specific type because of one's appearance, colour, religion etc.
typecast: To cast (change of data type of a variable or object).
typecast: To found type in a mold.
vitalize: American spelling and Oxford British English standard spelling of vitalise.
overcoat: To apply an exterior coating to.
swathing: present participle and gerund of swathe
sanitize: To rid of microorganisms by cleaning or disinfecting.
sanitize: To make something, such as a dramatic work, more acceptable by removing potentially offensive material.
sanitize: To filter (text) to ensure it does not contain any characters that will cause problems for or be interpreted in an adverse way by the receiving system.
sanitize: To remove sensitive or personal data from (a database or file).
sanitize: To revise (a document) in order to prevent identification of the sources.
softened: simple past and past participle of soften
blowhole: To fill or be filled with air in an unintended cavity.
procures: third-person singular simple present indicative of procure
downhill: To take part in downhill skiing.
vitiated: simple past and past participle of vitiate
dishevel: To throw into disorder; upheave.
dishevel: To disarrange or loosen (hair, clothing, etc.).
dishevel: To spread out in disorder.
gangrene: To produce gangrene in.
gangrene: To be affected with gangrene.
gangrene: To corrupt; To cause to become degenerate.
creolise: Alternative form of creolize
urbanise: Alternative spelling of urbanize
cybering: present participle and gerund of cyber
replaced: simple past and past participle of replace
lead out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lead, out.
lead out: To bet into a pot postflop from the first betting position.
lead out: To pad out (text) by inserting lead slugs between words.
could've: Contraction of could have.
unhoused: simple past and past participle of unhouse
conglobe: To collect (something) into a round mass; to conglobate.
fiddling: present participle and gerund of fiddle
give out: To utter, publish; to announce, proclaim, report.
give out: To utter, publish; to announce, proclaim, report.
give out: To announce (a hymn) to be sung; to read out (the words) for the congregation to sing.
give out: To send forth, emit; to cause to be sent forth.
give out: To send forth, emit; to cause to be sent forth.
give out: To put forth, utter (prayers).
give out: To issue; to distribute.
give out: To cease functioning in some way.
give out: To desist.
give out: To cease functioning in some way.
give out: To desist through exhaustion of strength or patience.
give out: To cease functioning in some way.
give out: To break down, get out of order, fail.
give out: To cease functioning in some way.
give out: To run short, come to an end.
give out: To complain, sulk, chastise.
embezzle: To steal or misappropriate money that one has been trusted with, especially to steal money from the organisation for which one works.
suck off: To perform oral sex (fellatio or cunnilingus) on.
relaxing: present participle and gerund of relax
prophesy: To speak or write with divine inspiration; to act as prophet.
prophesy: To predict, to foretell (with or without divine inspiration).
prophesy: To foreshow; to herald; to prefigure.
prophesy: To speak out on the Bible as an expression of holy inspiration; to preach.
handyman: To work as a handyman; to do odd jobs.
execrate: to feel loathing for; to abhor
execrate: to declare to be hateful or abhorrent; to denounce
execrate: to invoke a curse; to curse or swear
subserve: To serve to promote (an end); to be useful to.
subserve: To assist in carrying out.
give cry: To cry out.
messages: third-person singular simple present indicative of message
manicure: To apply such treatment to the hands.
stinking: present participle and gerund of stink
overtime: To measure something incorrectly, as taking more time than it actually did.
bulletin: To announce (something) by means of such a report or publication.
head off: To begin moving away.
head off: To intercept.
head off: To avoid the undesirable consequences of; to prevent.
head off: To start out.
head off: To turn away from the wind.
aerating: present participle and gerund of aerate
look for: To search for; to seek.
look for: To expect.
suggests: third-person singular simple present indicative of suggest
flavours: third-person singular simple present indicative of flavour
relating: present participle and gerund of relate
pensions: third-person singular simple present indicative of pension
notating: present participle and gerund of notate
calluses: third-person singular simple present indicative of callus
rephrase: To say or write something with different wording.
run over: To exceed the allotted time.
run over: To cross by running.
run over: To drive over, causing injury or death.
run over: To describe briefly; to summarize or recapitulate.
run over: To rehearse quickly.
run over: To overflow.
run over: To score a try.
run over: To have rotation in such direction that the crank pin traverses the upper, or front, half of its path in the forward, or outward, stroke; said of a crank which drives, or is driven by, a reciprocating piece.
sinkhole: To configure as a sinkhole (domain name server that gives non-routeable addresses).
callused: simple past and past participle of callus
captains: third-person singular simple present indicative of captain
includes: third-person singular simple present indicative of include
allowing: present participle and gerund of allow
roborate: to strengthen, fortify
refusing: present participle and gerund of refuse
enjoying: present participle and gerund of enjoy
securing: present participle and gerund of secure
annotate: To add annotation to.
botanize: To do the work of a botanist, as to inventory the plant life in an area and to collect plants for research purposes.
inducing: present participle and gerund of induce
rambling: present participle and gerund of ramble
projects: third-person singular simple present indicative of project
banished: simple past and past participle of banish
think up: To create in one’s mind; to invent.
sickened: simple past and past participle of sicken
steepled: simple past and past participle of steeple
vocalize: To express with the voice, to utter.
vocalize: To produce noises or calls from the throat.
vocalize: To sing without using words.
vocalize: To turn a consonant into a vowel.
vocalize: To make a sound voiced rather than voiceless.
vocalize: To add vowel points to a consonantal script (e.g. niqqud in Hebrew)
involute: To roll or curl inwards.
stopping: present participle and gerund of stop
picaroon: To behave as a pirate.
supinate: To twist the forearm so as to turn the palm of the hand backwards if the forearm is pointing up, upwards if the forearm is horizontal, or forwards if the arm is pointing down; to twist the forearm by contracting the biceps brachii; to twist the right forearm clockwise or the left forearm counterclockwise.
supinate: To twist the foot so the weight is on the outer edge.
codified: simple past and past participle of codify
endanger: To put (someone or something) in danger; to risk causing harm to.
endanger: To incur the hazard of; to risk; to run the risk of.
chitchat: Alternative spelling of chit-chat
cushions: third-person singular simple present indicative of cushion
examples: third-person singular simple present indicative of example
offended: simple past and past participle of offend
giggling: present participle and gerund of giggle
glinting: present participle and gerund of glint
pedicure: To apply such treatment to the feet.
stabbing: present participle and gerund of stab
backburn: To light a fire for this reason.
clock in: To begin working time, especially by punching in (entering a workplace by punching a time card with the time clock).
clock in: To be measured at.
expanded: simple past and past participle of expand
commuted: simple past and past participle of commute
sniffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sniffle
claiming: present participle and gerund of claim
chickens: third-person singular simple present indicative of chicken
wainscot: To decorate a wall with a wainscot.
counters: third-person singular simple present indicative of counter
composes: third-person singular simple present indicative of compose
coasting: present participle and gerund of coast
commutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of commute
concerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of concern
converts: third-person singular simple present indicative of convert
clusters: third-person singular simple present indicative of cluster
vomiting: present participle and gerund of vomit
scrounge: To hunt about, especially for something of nominal value; to scavenge or glean.
scrounge: To obtain something of moderate or inconsequential value from another.
compares: third-person singular simple present indicative of compare
intubate: To insert a tube into.
combines: third-person singular simple present indicative of combine
groaning: present participle and gerund of groan
fend off: To defend against; to repel with force or effort
fend off: To prevent (a vessel) from running against anything with too much violence.
whirring: present participle and gerund of whirr
slighted: simple past and past participle of slight
indurate: To harden or to grow hard.
indurate: To make callous or unfeeling.
indurate: To inure; to strengthen; to make hardy or robust.
joggling: present participle and gerund of joggle
dress up: To put on special or fancy clothes.
dress up: To put on a costume portraying oneself as a particular type of character or well-known person.
dress up: To put a costume on (someone) portraying them as a particular type of character or well-known person.
dress up: To decorate; to prettify.
dress up: To present in a favorable light.
wounding: present participle and gerund of wound
whooping: present participle and gerund of whoop
backlist: To hold back a student's application (to a college etc.) based on whether a preferred candidate declines their offer.
backlist: To place (a book) on a backlist.
bicycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bicycle
ensonify: To fill with sound.
launched: simple past and past participle of launch
failsafe: Alternative form of fail-safe
objected: simple past and past participle of object
belly up: To gather close, or approach eagerly or assertively, as a bar for ordering alcoholic drinks.
let slip: To divulge a secret, as by accident or mistake.
rekindle: To kindle again.
rekindle: To be kindled or ignited again.
rekindle: To revive.
scavenge: To collect and remove refuse, or to search through refuse, carrion, or abandoned items for useful material.
scavenge: To remove unwanted material from something, especially to purify molten metal by removing impurities.
scavenge: To expel the exhaust gases from the cylinder of an internal combustion engine, and draw in air for the next cycle.
scavenge: To feed on carrion or refuse.
critique: To review something; to criticize.
skidding: present participle and gerund of skid
speak up: To talk more loudly or plainly.
speak up: To make oneself or one's opinions known; to advocate or assert oneself.
eyebrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of eyebrow
feedback: To generate the high-frequency sound by allowing a speaker to cause vibration of the sound generator of a musical instrument connected by an amplifier to the speaker.
feedback: To provide informational feedback to.
feedback: To convey by means of specialized communications channel.
carry on: To continue or proceed as before.
carry on: To continue, maintain or pursue (an activity or enterprise).
carry on: To talk continuously about, often in an excessively excited way
carry on: To act or behave; especially to misbehave so as to attract attention.
carry on: To have an illicit sexual or flirtatious relationship.
carry on: To take baggage or luggage onto an airplane, rather than check it.
saucepan: To cook in a saucepan
saucepan: To hit with a saucepan
honoured: simple past and past participle of honour
reserves: third-person singular simple present indicative of reserve
enamored: simple past and past participle of enamor
band-aid: To apply an adhesive bandage.
band-aid: To apply a makeshift fix; to jury-rig.
declined: simple past and past participle of decline
appealed: simple past and past participle of appeal
depended: simple past and past participle of depend
murdered: simple past and past participle of murder
packages: third-person singular simple present indicative of package
suckling: present participle and gerund of suckle
laboured: simple past and past participle of labour
resulted: simple past and past participle of result
rewarded: simple past and past participle of reward
chew out: To lecture, scold, reprimand, or rebuke, especially in an angry tone of voice.
stripped: simple past and past participle of strip
calender: To press between rollers for the purpose of making smooth and glossy, or wavy, as woolen and silk stuffs, linens, paper etc., as in a calender.
eschewed: simple past and past participle of eschew
spanking: present participle and gerund of spank
shore up: To reinforce or strengthen (something at risk of failure).
displays: third-person singular simple present indicative of display
unfasten: To detach from any connecting agency or link; to disconnect.
unfasten: To come unloosed or untied.
flipping: present participle and gerund of flip
might've: Contraction of might have:
might've: used to express the possibility of something occurring in the past as condition to another non-occurring past event
might've: Contraction of might have:
might've: used to express uncertainty about a past event
besotted: simple past and past participle of besot
weighted: simple past and past participle of weight
go about: To busy oneself with.
go about: To tackle (a problem or task).
go about: To circulate (in).
go about: To change from one tack to another. See Wikipedia:Tack (maneuver).
stinging: present participle and gerund of sting
forwards: third-person singular simple present indicative of forward.
buggered: simple past and past participle of bugger
drag out: To extend or lengthen excessively.
drag out: To haul or bring out forcefully or from an awkward location.
inflated: simple past and past participle of inflate
laminate: To assemble from thin sheets glued together.
laminate: To cover something flat, usually paper, in adhesive protective plastic.
laminate: To form, as metal, into a thin plate, as by rolling.
laminate: To cause to separate into thin plates or layers; to divide into thin plates.
bikeshed: To discuss a minor detail rather than focusing on more important issues.
attested: simple past and past participle of attest
misprint: To make a misprint.
overbite: To use excessive acid in an etching process, so that the result is too deep.
chortles: third-person singular simple present indicative of chortle
redefine: To define again or differently.
redefine: To give a new or different definition to (a word).
redefine: To define again or differently.
redefine: To define a previously defined area of storage etc. in a different manner, e.g. changing it from textual to numeric.
trailers: third-person singular simple present indicative of trailer
blueline: To create the bluelines for material that is about to be printed.
blueline: To check the bluelines before printing material.
blueline: To veto a portion of a budget.
blueline: To edit a legal document.
blueline: To mark on a patient's body where the surgical incision is to be made.
blueline: To designate a certain area as representing one in which investment is risky.
legalize: To make legal or permit under law. Either by decriminalising something that has been illegal or by specifically permitting it.
molested: simple past and past participle of molest
molester: Alternative form of molest
lattices: third-person singular simple present indicative of lattice
goof off: To dawdle, lollygag; to waste time aimlessly or engage in idle activity or inactivity.
mutilate: To physically harm as to impair use, notably by cutting off or otherwise disabling a vital part, such as a limb.
mutilate: To destroy beyond recognition.
mutilate: To render imperfect or defective.
pronated: simple past and past participle of pronate
drunkest: second-person singular simple past indicative of drink
prefixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefix
chastens: third-person singular simple present indicative of chasten
suffixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of suffix
swearing: present participle and gerund of swear
sleep in: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see sleep, in.
sleep in: To sleep late; to go on sleeping past one's customary or planned hour.
steering: present participle and gerund of steer
chortled: simple past and past participle of chortle
bluebook: To format a document, particularly a legal document including citations, according to the rules of the Bluebook, a US style guide.
bluebook: To have players describe, in writing and in-between regular role-playing sessions, character activities that don't involve the entire group.
outthink: To best an opponent by thinking.
enwreath: Misspelling of enwreathe.
quaffing: present participle and gerund of quaff
titubate: To stagger
titubate: To rock or roll, like a curved body on a plane.
titubate: To stutter, stammer.
sections: third-person singular simple present indicative of section
labelled: simple past and past participle of label
spangled: simple past and past participle of spangle
roadshow: To show in various places as part of a travelling excursion.
lettered: simple past and past participle of letter
batching: present participle and gerund of batch
liniment: To apply liniment to.
crouched: simple past and past participle of crouch
liveried: simple past and past participle of livery
bookmark: To create a bookmark.
burn out: To destroy by fire.
burn out: To become extinguished due to lack of fuel.
burn out: To become nonfunctional (especially of lightbulbs or similar light-producing devices).
burn out: To tire due to overwork; to overwork to their limit.
burn out: To cause (someone) to tire due to overwork; to cause (someone) to overwork to one's limit.
burn out: To end one's shift at a job.
burn out: To have one's tires skid against the ground; to peel off, peel out.
burn out: To make (someone) unavailable for work involving exposure to ionizing radiation by employing (the person) in such work until the person's accumulated exposure reaches the maximum permitted for an administrative period, typically a year.
frigging: present participle and gerund of frig
go ahead: To proceed with; to begin.
go ahead: Used to grant permission for or to give endorsement of a suggestion or proposal.
go ahead: To send communication over the radio.
irrigate: To supply (farmland) with water, by building ditches, pipes, etc.
irrigate: To clean (a wound) with a fluid.
focusing: present participle and gerund of focus
distrain: To squeeze, press, embrace; to constrain, oppress.
distrain: To force (someone) to do something by seizing their property.
distrain: To seize somebody's property in place of, or to force, payment of a debt.
distrain: To pull off, tear apart.
aquatint: To make such etchings.
airburst: To explode in this manner.
plumming: present participle and gerund of plum
overrule: To rule over; to govern or determine by superior authority.
overrule: To rule or determine in a contrary way; to decide against; to abrogate or alter.
overrule: To nullify a previous ruling by a higher power.
overrule: To dismiss or throw out (a protest or objection) at a court.
pollened: simple past and past participle of pollen
swatting: present participle and gerund of swat
polluted: simple past of pollute
veronica: To draw a muleta over and away from a bull's face in bullfighting.
subtitle: To create subtitles for the dialogue in a film.
lallygag: To dawdle; to be lazy or idle; to avoid necessary work or effort.
lallygag: To pet, kiss, or otherwise demonstrate overt affection, generally in public.
volplane: To perform a volplane.
volplane: To glide.
northing: present participle and gerund of north
revising: present participle and gerund of revise
supports: third-person singular simple present indicative of support
misspent: simple past and past participle of misspend
straddle: To sit or stand with a leg on each side of something; to sit astride.
straddle: To be on both sides of something; to have parts that are in different places, regions, etc.
straddle: To consider or favor two apparently opposite sides; to be noncommittal.
straddle: To form a disorderly sprawl; to spread out irregularly.
straddle: To fire successive artillery shots in front of and behind of a target, especially in order to determine its range (the term "bracket" is often used instead).
straddle: To place a voluntary raise prior to receiving cards (only by the first player after the blinds).
straddle: To stand with the ends staggered; said of the spokes of a wagon wheel where they join the hub.
straddle: To execute a commodities market spread.
farm out: To subcontract (a task, responsibility, etc.) to another; to outsource.
backfill: To refill a hole with the material dug out of it.
backfill: To refill an excavation unit to restore the former ground surface and/or to preserve the unit and make it recognizable as having been excavated.
backfill: To provide reserve support.
backfill: To replenish or restock due to attrition or loss.
backfill: To enter an online game that's already in progress, replacing a player who left early.
borehole: To bore a hole of this kind (in).
miscarry: To have an unfortunate accident of some kind; to be killed, or come to harm.
miscarry: To go astray; to do something wrong.
miscarry: To have a miscarriage; to involuntarily abort a foetus.
miscarry: To fail to achieve some purpose; to be unsuccessful, to go wrong (of a business, project etc.).
miscarry: Of a letter etc.: to fail to reach its intended recipient.
sober up: To become sober; to cause to become sober.
pyritize: To convert something into pyrites.
costumed: simple past and past participle of costume
approved: simple past and past participle of approve
preexist: To exist before something else.
blowpipe: To direct air through a blowpipe.
pyrolyze: US spelling of pyrolyse
layering: present participle and gerund of layer
huckster: To haggle, to wrangle, or to bargain.
huckster: To sell or offer goods from place to place, to peddle.
huckster: To promote or sell goods in an aggressive, showy manner.
partners: third-person singular simple present indicative of partner
boldface: To print or write in a boldfaced font.
run away: To flee by running.
run away: To leave home, or other place of residence, usually unannounced, or to make good on a threat, with such action usually performed by a child or juvenile.
run away: To become a runaway. (of a device or vehicle)
skilling: present participle and gerund of skill
showroom: To inspect merchandise in a physical store, then purchase the identical product from an online merchant; to use a physical store as a showroom for an online merchant.
obsessed: simple past and past participle of obsess
creosote: To apply creosote.
brindled: simple past and past participle of brindle
bestrode: simple past and past participle of bestride
grinding: present participle and gerund of grind
shifting: present participle and gerund of shift
survived: simple past and past participle of survive
sundered: simple past and past participle of sunder
renovate: To renew; to revamp something to make it look new again.
renovate: To restore to freshness or vigor.
stopcock: To control the gas pressure in (an oil well) by keeping the well closed in and the gas confined except during set intervals when the oil is flowed or pumped.
clangour: To make a clanging sound.
convened: simple past and past participle of convene
bestride: To be astride something, to stand over or sit on with legs on either side, especially to sit on a horse.
bestride: To stride over, or across.
bestride: To dominate.
bulldoze: To destroy with a bulldozer.
bulldoze: To push someone over by heading straight over them. Often used in conjunction with "over".
bulldoze: To push through forcefully.
bulldoze: To push into a heap, as a bulldozer does.
bulldoze: To shoot down an idea immediately and forcefully.
bulldoze: To intimidate; to restrain or coerce by intimidation or violence; used originally of the intimidation of black voters in Louisiana.
hoovered: simple past and past participle of hoover
quinella: To have two team members, horses, etc., finish first and second in the same event.
descries: third-person singular simple present indicative of descry
have sex: To engage in sex.
have sex: To engage in any sexual act.
heckling: present participle and gerund of heckle
descried: simple past and past participle of descry
humpback: To hunt humpback whales.
stunning: present participle and gerund of stun
cool off: To decrease in temperature, activity, or temper.
cool off: To cause to decrease in temperature, activity or temper.
februate: To purify; to rejuvenate; to renew.
februate: To experience purification or rejuvenation.
fettered: simple past and past participle of fetter
smarting: present participle and gerund of smart
bird dog: To watch closely.
bird dog: To seek out.
bird dog: A multiservice tactical brevity code requesting configuration of sensors.
purports: third-person singular simple present indicative of purport
redeemed: simple past and past participle of redeem
find out: To discover, as by asking or investigating.
find out: To discover or expose (someone) as disobedient, dishonest, etc.
find out: To uncover a weakness in (someone).
lip-sync: To move lips in synchronization with sounds (generally recorded) so it appears they are the source of the sounds.
surnames: third-person singular simple present indicative of surname
tidivate: Alternative spelling of titivate
prepense: To weigh or consider beforehand; to intend.
prepense: To deliberate beforehand.
innovate: To alter, to change into something new; to revolutionize.
innovate: To introduce something new to a particular environment; to do something new.
innovate: To introduce (something) as new.
redshirt: To place an athlete in a status wherein the athlete will spend a year not participating in official athletic activities, but will not lose his or her eligibility to participate in following years.
redshirt: To take on a status wherein one will spend a year not participating in official athletic activities.
redshirt: To hold a child out of kindergarten for one year in the hope that the child will do better academically and socially.
hurry up: To hurry; to increase the speed of doing something.
harpoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of harpoon
postcode: To give a postcode to; to mark with a postcode.
drink up: To finish one's drink.
believes: third-person singular simple present indicative of believe
cheat on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cheat, on.
cheat on: To be unfaithful to, especially in a romantic relationship.
tire out: To make someone tired; to exhaust.
board up: to block doors or windows with boards, either to prevent access or as protection from storms, etc.
quenched: simple past and past participle of quench
call out: To specify, especially in detail.
call out: To order into service; to summon into service.
call out: To yell out; to vocalize audibly; announce.
call out: To challenge, criticize, denounce.
call out: To contact one's workplace and announce that one is unable to attend work. Regionalism short for call out sick; much more commonly: call in sick.
subgroup: To divide or classify into subgroups
nosedive: To dive down in a steep angle.
nosedive: To perform a rapid fall in price or value.
destroys: third-person singular simple present indicative of destroy
die down: To become less virulent or strong; to subside.
jousting: present participle and gerund of joust
get over: To overcome.
get over: To recover (from).
get over: To forget and move on.
get over: To successfully communicate; to get across.
get over: To score a try.
get over: The process of wrestler(s) getting popular with the audience as a character or faction.
advances: third-person singular simple present indicative of advance
jostling: present participle and gerund of jostle
flat out: To fail after a promising beginning; to disappoint expectations.
dividing: present participle and gerund of divide
worn out: past participle of wear out
speaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of speak
clowning: present participle and gerund of clown
orphaned: simple past and past participle of orphan
swear by: To invoke in an oath; to swear upon.
swear by: To trust wholeheartedly.
enslaved: simple past and past participle of enslave
achieved: simple past and past participle of achieve
granting: present participle and gerund of grant
alarming: present participle and gerund of alarm
speed up: To accelerate; to increase speed.
speed up: To increase the speed of something; to make something go faster.
lionized: simple past and past participle of lionize
garrotte: To execute by strangulation.
garrotte: To suddenly render insensible by semi-strangulation, and then to rob.
jiggered: simple past and past participle of jigger
atheists: third-person singular simple present indicative of atheist
inciting: present participle and gerund of incite
scorched: simple past and past participle of scorch
contacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of contact
birthing: present participle and gerund of birth
miracles: third-person singular simple present indicative of miracle
sciences: third-person singular simple present indicative of science
overwork: To make (someone or something) work too hard.
overwork: To work too hard.
overwork: To fill too full of work; to crowd with labour.
overwork: To decorate all over.
declares: third-person singular simple present indicative of declare
besought: simple past and past participle of beseech (archaic)
besought: simple past and past participle of beseek
spraying: present participle and gerund of spray
overbore: To modify so that the capacity of the burning cartridge powder is greater than the volume within the barrel.
overbore: simple past and past participle of overbear
cheer up: To become happier or less downcast.
cheer up: To make someone happier or less downcast.
promoted: simple past and past participle of promote
managing: present participle and gerund of manage
weakened: simple past and past participle of weaken
preceded: simple past and past participle of precede
esterify: To combine with an alcohol or (of an alcohol) to combine with an acid, to form an ester.
mustangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mustang
brighten: To make bright or brighter in color.
brighten: To make illustrious, or more distinguished; to add luster or splendor to
brighten: To make more cheerful and pleasant; to enliven
brighten: To grow bright, or more bright in color; to clear up
brighten: To become brighter or more cheerful in mood
explains: third-person singular simple present indicative of explain
quarrels: third-person singular simple present indicative of quarrel
gurgling: present participle and gerund of gurgle
bringeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bring
trumpets: third-person singular simple present indicative of trumpet
rustling: present participle and gerund of rustle
programs: third-person singular simple present indicative of program
brunoise: To cut (vegetables) very finely by julienning and then cutting many times at a 90-degree angle to the julienne.
drifting: present participle and gerund of drift
anointed: simple past and past participle of anoint
disputes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispute
reigning: present participle and gerund of reign
look-see: To make a quick inspection, especially as a lookout or scout.
deformed: simple past and past participle of deform
speedran: simple past and past participle of speedrun
gridiron: To mark or cover with lines; to crisscross.
gridiron: To purchase land so that the remaining adjacent sections are smaller than the minimum area purchasable as freehold, thus excluding potential freeholders.
pictured: simple past and past participle of picture
jugulate: To cut the throat of.
strolled: simple past and past participle of stroll
deep-fry: To cook (food) by deep-frying.
deep-fry: To alter a photograph using filters to make it appear strangely colored for a humorous effect.
perfumed: simple past and past participle of perfume
stomachs: third-person singular simple present indicative of stomach
cultures: third-person singular simple present indicative of culture
cultured: simple past and past participle of culture
hot-wire: To start an automobile engine by bypassing the ignition key wiring.
hot-wire: To steal a vehicle by bypassing the ignition key's security.
speedrun: To perform or create a speedrun.
speedrun: To do something or undergo some process as quickly as possible.
make hay: To cut grass to turn into hay for animal feed.
make hay: To take advantage of an opportunity.
tripping: present participle and gerund of trip
lay bare: To make bare; strip.
lay bare: To expose to view, reveal, uncover.
comforts: third-person singular simple present indicative of comfort
uttering: present participle and gerund of utter
unclench: To open (something that was clenched).
unclench: To relax, especially one's muscles.
clappers: third-person singular simple present indicative of clapper
leaflets: third-person singular simple present indicative of leaflet
pretzels: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretzel
glitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of glitch
salaries: third-person singular simple present indicative of salary
caravans: third-person singular simple present indicative of caravan
patterns: third-person singular simple present indicative of pattern
excavate: To make a hole in (something); to hollow.
excavate: To remove part of (something) by scooping or digging it out.
excavate: To uncover (something) by digging.
quarries: third-person singular simple present indicative of quarry
canopies: third-person singular simple present indicative of canopy
berserks: third-person singular simple present indicative of berserk
eyeballs: third-person singular simple present indicative of eyeball
cottages: third-person singular simple present indicative of cottage
warrants: third-person singular simple present indicative of warrant
antiques: third-person singular simple present indicative of antique
fashions: third-person singular simple present indicative of fashion
cuckolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cuckold
placards: third-person singular simple present indicative of placard
rattling: present participle and gerund of rattle
narcoses: third-person singular simple present indicative of narcose
schusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of schuss
ripostes: third-person singular simple present indicative of riposte
chippies: third-person singular simple present indicative of chippy
garrotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of garrote
flambéed: simple past and past participle of flambé
sautéing: present participle and gerund of sauté
devoured: simple past and past participle of devour
screamed: simple past and past participle of scream
gestures: third-person singular simple present indicative of gesture
verified: simple past and past participle of verify
ordering: present participle and gerund of order
amounted: simple past and past participle of amount
presumed: simple past and past participle of presume
adjusted: simple past and past participle of adjust
stooping: present participle and gerund of stoop
lithiate: To mix with lithium
spitball: To moisten the ball with saliva before pitching it.
spitball: To brainstorm ideas.
blanking: present participle and gerund of blank
battered: simple past and past participle of batter
flooding: present participle and gerund of flood
speeding: present participle and gerund of speed
peel off: To separate off from the main body, to move off to one side; as in troop movements on a parade ground or an organized retreat, or columns in a procession.
peel off: To remove (an outer layer or covering, such as clothing).
mistreat: To treat someone, or something roughly or badly.
mistreat: To administer an incorrect treatment to a patient.
nitrated: simple past and past participle of nitrate
grueling: present participle and gerund of gruel
back off: To move backwards away from something.
back off: To become less aggressive, particularly when one had appeared committed to act.
back off: To lower the setting of.
back off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see back, off.
quitting: present participle and gerund of quit
telecine: To transfer (motion picture film) into electronic form.
call off: To recall; to cancel or call a halt to.
call off: To telephone in one's notice of a day's absence from work.
thronged: simple past and past participle of throng
sufficed: simple past and past participle of suffice
involves: third-person singular simple present indicative of involve
exceeded: simple past and past participle of exceed
waivered: simple past and past participle of waiver
singsong: To utter in a singsong voice.
singsong: To write poor poetry.
drenched: simple past and past participle of drench
magicked: simple past and past participle of magic
analyses: third-person singular simple present indicative of analyse
towering: present participle and gerund of tower
powdered: simple past and past participle of powder
hijacked: simple past and past participle of hijack
carburet: To react with carbon.
carburet: To mix (air) with hydrocarbons, especially with petroleum, as in an internal combustion engine.
glimpses: third-person singular simple present indicative of glimpse
revolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of revolve
endureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of endure
shouldst: second-person singular simple past indicative of shall
buzz off: To leave with a buzzing sound.
buzz off: To leave (especially busily), take off, go away.
declines: third-person singular simple present indicative of decline
resonate: To vibrate or sound, especially in response to another vibration.
resonate: To have an effect or impact; to influence; to engender support.
footling: present participle and gerund of footle
dwelleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwell
violates: third-person singular simple present indicative of violate
clenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of clench
disliked: simple past and past participle of dislike
clenched: simple past and past participle of clench
stammers: third-person singular simple present indicative of stammer
dislikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dislike
cinching: present participle and gerund of cinch
surveyed: simple past and past participle of survey
squeezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of squeeze
cleansed: simple past and past participle of cleanse
pleaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of please
desireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of desire
standeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stand
offereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of offer
toucheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of touch
one-time: To shoot (the ball or puck) directly from a teammate's pass.
breaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of break
becometh: third-person singular simple present indicative of become
entereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of enter
covereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cover
drinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of drink
surfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of surface
babytalk: To speak in baby talk (form of speech used by adults in talking to very young children).
enhanced: simple past and past participle of enhance
keep off: To stay or cause to stay at a distance (from).
keep fit: To exercise for physical fitness.
refining: present participle and gerund of refine
piloting: present participle and gerund of pilot
tumbling: present participle and gerund of tumble
triumphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of triumph
digested: simple past and past participle of digest
infected: simple past and past participle of infect
scolding: present participle and gerund of scold
assailed: simple past and past participle of assail
deadbolt: To fasten or secure with a deadbolt.
reasoned: simple past and past participle of reason
shutting: present participle and gerund of shut
tag-team: To wrestle as part of a tag team (sense 1).
tag-team: To alternate working with someone else in order to accomplish a task.
tag-team: To alternate working with someone else in order to accomplish a task directed at (someone).
tag-team: To have sex with (someone) in a group with one or more other people.
praising: present participle and gerund of praise
overgrow: To grow beyond one's boundaries or containment, or beyond the proper size.
overgrow: To grow over; (of one thing) to cause (a second thing) to become overgrown (with or by the first thing).
oriented: simple past and past participle of orient
unclothe: To strip of clothes or covering; to make naked.
spoliate: To plunder
spoliate: To engage in robbery; to plunder.
calquing: present participle and gerund of calque
campused: simple past and past participle of campus
bump off: To kill, especially to murder.
bump off: To cut class; to play truant.
fallback: Misspelling of fall back.
gridlock: To cause traffic congestion.
tag team: Alternative form of tag-team
sponging: present participle and gerund of sponge
reaccept: To accept again.
look out: To be vigilant and aware often as an imperative to alert a person to danger.
look out: To find by looking: to hunt out.
look out: To be facing (used with "on").
look out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see look, out.
dearrest: To release (a person) from arrest.
MacGyver: To assemble or repair something by ingenious improvisation, using everyday items that would not usually be used for the purpose.
cabbages: third-person singular simple present indicative of cabbage
guaranty: Alternative form of guarantee
wiggling: present participle and gerund of wiggle
attracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of attract
fatigued: simple past and past participle of fatigue
impugned: simple past and past participle of impugn
itemized: simple past and past participle of itemize
wavering: present participle and gerund of waver
coffered: simple past and past participle of coffer
iridesce: To be iridescent; to exhibit iridescence.
enticing: present participle and gerund of entice
dribbled: simple past and past participle of dribble
trudging: present participle and gerund of trudge
exhibits: third-person singular simple present indicative of exhibit
clouding: present participle and gerund of cloud
forested: simple past and past participle of forest
chauffer: Misspelling of chauffeur.
coxswain: To act as coxswain for.
resubmit: To submit again.
occupies: third-person singular simple present indicative of occupy
backheel: To perform such a kick.
backheel: To perform such a trip or throw.
inverted: simple past and past participle of invert
decaying: present participle and gerund of decay
fronting: present participle and gerund of front
buttress: To support something physically with, or as if with, a prop or buttress.
buttress: To support something or someone by supplying evidence.
signpost: To install signposts on.
signpost: To direct (somebody) to services, resources, etc.
signpost: To indicate logical progress of a discourse using words or phrases such as now, right, to recap, to sum up, as I was saying, etc.
signpost: To signal, as if with a signpost.
hotpress: To apply both heat and mechanical pressure to something, especially as part of a laundry process, or as a method of printing.
time out: to end (an incomplete task) after a time limit
time out: of a task, to be terminated because it was not completed before a time limit
distaste: To dislike.
distaste: to be distasteful; to taste bad
distaste: To offend; to disgust; to displease.
distaste: To deprive of taste or relish; to make unsavory or distasteful.
credited: past participle of credit
dovetail: To unite (components) with a dovetail (noun sense 2.1) or similar joint.
dovetail: To combine or fit (things) together well.
dovetail: To interweave (a number of algorithms or subprograms) so that they can be run more or less simultaneously.
dovetail: Of several things: to combine or fit together well.
hot-trod: To perform the hot trod.
hothouse: To provide (a child) with an enriched environment with the aim of stimulating academic development.
cheating: present participle and gerund of cheat
intruded: simple past and past participle of intrude
whale on: To strike an opponent heavily and repeatedly in a fight.
whale on: To beat heavily on anything.
satiated: simple past and past participle of satiate
featured: past participle of feature
matching: present participle and gerund of match
brackets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bracket
war game: To run a military simulation of this kind.
prevents: third-person singular simple present indicative of prevent
lamented: simple past and past participle of lament
suffixed: simple past and past participle of suffix
becalmed: simple past and past participle of becalm
incurred: simple past and past participle of incur
whistled: simple past and past participle of whistle
implying: present participle and gerund of imply
doubting: present participle and gerund of doubt
barracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of barrack
drowsing: present participle and gerund of drowse
inclosed: simple past and past participle of inclose
pummeled: simple past and past participle of pummel
slapping: present participle and gerund of slap
blacktop: To pave with blacktop.
poultice: To treat with a poultice.
conk out: To fall fast asleep; to sleep soundly.
conk out: To stop functioning.
conk out: To die.
stringed: simple past and past participle of string
stringed: Alternative form of strung
fall for: To be fooled by; to walk into (a trap) or respond to (a scam or trick).
fall for: To fall in love with.
silicify: to impregnate something with silica.
silicify: to be impregnated with, or converted into silica.
prospect: To search, as for gold.
prospect: To determine which minerals or metals are present in a location.
julienne: To prepare by cutting in this way.
reforest: To replant a forest, especially after clearcutting.
reforest: To afforest.
ministre: Obsolete form of minister.
afforest: To make into forest
trimming: present participle and gerund of trim
adapting: present participle and gerund of adapt
affirmed: simple past and past participle of affirm
straying: present participle and gerund of stray
herniate: Of a tissue, structure, or part of an organ: to protrude through the muscular tissue or the membrane by which it is normally contained, causing a hernia.
bereaved: simple past and past participle of bereave
deforest: To clear (an area) of forest.
deforest: To disafforest (remove legal status as forest).
reserate: To unlock; to open.
engorged: simple past and past participle of engorge
beckoned: simple past and past participle of beckon
begotten: past participle of beget
observes: third-person singular simple present indicative of observe
smelling: present participle and gerund of smell
smelling: Used in adjectival compounds.
level up: To raise to the same level or status; to improve so as to make as good as others.
level up: To progress to the next level of player character stats and abilities, often by acquiring experience points in role-playing games.
obtunded: simple past and past participle of obtund
canonize: To declare (a deceased person) as a saint, and enter them into the canon of saints.
canonize: To regard as a saint; to glorify, to exalt to the highest honour.
canonize: To formally declare (a piece of religious writing) to be part of the biblical canon.
canonize: To regard (an artistic or written work or its creator) as one of a group that are representative of a particular field.
canonize: Especially of a church: to give official approval to; to authorize, to sanction.
crawfish: To backpedal, desert or withdraw (also used with out).
shelving: present participle and gerund of shelve
automate: To replace or enhance human labor with machines.
reassure: To assure anew; to restore confidence to; to free from fear or self-doubt.
reassure: To reinsure.
in-group: Alternative form of ingroup
dry fire: To discharge a weapon without ammunition in the chamber.
dry fire: To draw and release a bow without an arrow loaded.
ranching: present participle and gerund of ranch
sweareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swear
striketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of strike
sleepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleep
teacheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of teach
medicate: To prescribe or administer medication to.
medicate: To have a medicinal or healing effect on a person, body part, or ailment; to act on.
thinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of think
uttereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of utter
trusteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trust
two-time: To be unfaithful to one's (sexual) partner.
two-time: To double-cross.
sweating: present participle and gerund of sweat
shrunken: past participle of shrink
sinicise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of sinicize.
sodomise: To engage in sodomy with (someone); to engage in anal (or, rarely, oral) sex as the penetrator (especially without consent).
sodomise: To engage in sexual intercourse with (an animal), to engage in bestiality.
sodomise: To commit sodomy; to engage in anal sex.
sodomise: To cause great humiliation or harm to (someone or something); to cause great damage to (something, especially from behind).
sodomise: To cause (a community) to resemble the proverbially sinful biblical city of Sodom.
sodomise: To cause to be swallowed up or buried (like the biblical city of Sodom, as a punishment).
calcined: simple past and past participle of calcine
sinicize: To make something Chinese in form or character.
sinicize: To convert to Chinese characters or to enable to work with the Chinese script.
respites: third-person singular simple present indicative of respite
oppugned: simple past and past participle of oppugn
counsels: third-person singular simple present indicative of counsel
vampires: third-person singular simple present indicative of vampire
cribbing: present participle and gerund of crib
blindeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blind
punishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of punish
crowneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crown
clotheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clothe
straggle: To stray, rove, or wander from a normal course and others of its kind.
straggle: To act in a disorderly and irregular way
plucking: present participle and gerund of pluck
weddings: third-person singular simple present indicative of wedding
domineer: To rule over or control arbitrarily or arrogantly; to tyrannize.
sugaring: present participle and gerund of sugar
starched: simple past and past participle of starch
plunking: present participle and gerund of plunk
pritchel: To use this tool.
unsettle: To make upset or uncomfortable
unsettle: To bring into disorder or disarray
impaling: present participle and gerund of impale
churning: present participle and gerund of churn
dabbling: present participle and gerund of dabble
silenced: simple past and past participle of silence
finances: third-person singular simple present indicative of finance
worstest: second-person singular simple present indicative of worst
equipage: To furnish with an equipage.
thinkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of think
besprent: simple past and past participle of besprenge
maturing: present participle and gerund of mature
dogfight: To engage in a battle between fighter planes.
parching: present participle and gerund of parch
enquired: simple past and past participle of enquire
filetype: To assign a type to a file.
inquires: third-person singular simple present indicative of inquire
deleting: present participle and gerund of delete
ejecting: present participle and gerund of eject
deprives: third-person singular simple present indicative of deprive
develops: third-person singular simple present indicative of develop
emitting: present participle and gerund of emit
entitles: third-person singular simple present indicative of entitle
emptying: present participle and gerund of empty
snagging: present participle and gerund of snag
clambers: third-person singular simple present indicative of clamber
filleted: simple past and past participle of fillet
grouched: simple past and past participle of grouch
wrenched: simple past and past participle of wrench
misthink: To think wrongly or badly (of).
misthink: To have sinful thoughts.
wrenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrench
bedecked: simple past and past participle of bedeck
phrasing: present participle and gerund of phrase
enrolled: simple past and past participle of enrol
enrolled: simple past and past participle of enroll
ambulate: To walk; to relocate oneself under the power of one's own legs.
mobilize: To make something mobile.
mobilize: To assemble troops and their equipment in a coordinated fashion so as to be ready for war.
mobilize: To get ready for war.
blacking: present participle and gerund of black
tramping: present participle and gerund of tramp
redivide: To divide again.
compleat: Archaic spelling of complete.
secreted: simple past and past participle of secret
secreted: simple past and past participle of secrete
spanning: present participle and gerund of span
jabbered: simple past and past participle of jabber
worrying: present participle and gerund of worry
relocate: to move (something) from one place to another.
relocate: to change one's domicile or place of business.
tempered: simple past and past participle of temper
munition: To supply with munitions.
mobilise: To make something mobile.
mobilise: To assemble troops and their equipment in a coordinated fashion so as to be ready for war.
mobilise: To become made ready for war.
outshone: simple past and past participle of outshine
outshine: To shine brighter than something else
outshine: To exceed something or someone else, especially in an obvious or flamboyant manner
outshine: To shine forth.
jacketed: simple past and past participle of jacket
would of: Eye dialect spelling of would have or would've.
would of: Misconstruction of would have or would've.
could of: Eye dialect spelling of could have or could've.
could of: Misconstruction of could have or could've.
fainting: present participle and gerund of faint
quilling: present participle and gerund of quill
ratching: present participle and gerund of ratch
ring off: To disconnect at the end of a phone call.
ring off: Buzz off; go away; shut up.
rivalled: simple past and past participle of rival
nibbling: present participle and gerund of nibble
rough up: to manhandle or beat up
rough up: To make rough, to roughen (especially doing so to wood while raising the grain)
stranded: simple past and past participle of strand
serpents: third-person singular simple present indicative of serpent
chumming: present participle and gerund of chum
scurries: third-person singular simple present indicative of scurry
resettle: to settle in a different place
resettle: to force someone to settle in a different place
caulking: present participle and gerund of caulk
snuffled: simple past and past participle of snuffle
squinted: simple past and past participle of squint
squirmed: simple past and past participle of squirm
sourcing: present participle and gerund of source
spendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spend
energize: To invigorate; to make energetic.
energize: To supply with energy, especially electricity; to turn on power to (something).
energize: To use strength in action; to act or operate with force or vigor; to act in producing an effect.
stop-gap: Alternative form of stopgap
cast off: To discard or reject something.
cast off: To let go (a cable or rope securing a vessel to a buoy, wharf, etc.) so that the vessel may make way.
cast off: To finish the last row of knitted stitches and remove them securely from the needle.
cast off: To estimate the amount of space required by the type used for the given copy.
unveiled: simple past and past participle of unveil
frosting: present participle and gerund of frost
voxelate: To represent something as an array of voxels.
flyspeck: To bespeckle with tiny spatters of color.
flyspeck: To inspect in minute detail to ensure that something contains no flaws; nitpick.
protract: To draw out; to extend, especially in duration.
protract: To use a protractor.
protract: To draw to a scale; to lay down the lines and angles of, with scale and protractor; to plot.
protract: To put off to a distant time; to delay; to defer.
protract: To extend; to protrude.
upthrust: To thrust something upwards.
upthrust: To be thrust upwards.
dig deep: To make a lot of effort with all one's resources.
cleaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleave
clacking: present participle and gerund of clack
backhaul: To transmit (data or footage) from a remote site to a central site from where it is re-transmitted.
doorbell: To ring many doorbells in an effort to contact people and thereby spread information or solicit.
doorbell: To ring many doorbells of (target people or an area) in an effort to contact people and thereby spread information or solicit.
allotted: simple past and past participle of allot
climb up: to make a gradual ascent or increase
climb up: to gradually ascend something
cumbered: simple past and past participle of cumber
expelled: simple past and past participle of expel
conjured: simple past and past participle of conjure
implored: simple past and past participle of implore
injected: simple past and past participle of inject
trampled: simple past and past participle of trample
appeased: simple past and past participle of appease
embodied: simple past and past participle of embody
alighted: simple past and past participle of alight
outlines: third-person singular simple present indicative of outline
grinning: present participle and gerund of grin
ratified: simple past and past participle of ratify
apparate: To appear magically; to teleport to or from a place.
bellying: present participle and gerund of belly
clapping: present participle and gerund of clap
expended: simple past and past participle of expend
mingling: present participle and gerund of mingle
wringing: present participle and gerund of wring
indented: simple past and past participle of indent
bubbling: present participle and gerund of bubble
levelled: simple past and past participle of level
invading: present participle and gerund of invade
omitting: present participle and gerund of omit
staining: present participle and gerund of stain
spitting: present participle and gerund of spit
immersed: simple past and past participle of immerse
imparted: simple past and past participle of impart
rescuing: present participle and gerund of rescue
crowding: present participle and gerund of crowd
crippled: simple past and past participle of cripple
assuring: present participle and gerund of assure
injuring: present participle and gerund of injure
bordered: simple past and past participle of border
humbling: present participle and gerund of humble
tapering: present participle and gerund of taper
complied: simple past and past participle of comply
clicking: present participle and gerund of click
obscured: simple past and past participle of obscure
initials: third-person singular simple present indicative of initial
threaded: simple past and past participle of thread
pricking: present participle and gerund of prick
extracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of extract
puzzling: present participle and gerund of puzzle
scooping: present participle and gerund of scoop
tracking: present participle and gerund of track
shivered: simple past and past participle of shiver
clasping: present participle and gerund of clasp
inspires: third-person singular simple present indicative of inspire
drumming: present participle and gerund of drum
whispers: third-person singular simple present indicative of whisper
babbling: present participle and gerund of babble
exploits: third-person singular simple present indicative of exploit
subsided: simple past and past participle of subside
reversed: simple past and past participle of reverse
crowning: present participle and gerund of crown
frowning: present participle and gerund of frown
roasting: present participle and gerund of roast
scheming: present participle and gerund of scheme
pastures: third-person singular simple present indicative of pasture
ploughed: simple past and past participle of plough
rumbling: present participle and gerund of rumble
pounding: present participle and gerund of pound
scrimple: To save money.
scrimple: To scorch.
scrimple: To crumple or crinkle.
thwarted: simple past and past participle of thwart
residing: present participle and gerund of reside
reformed: simple past and past participle of reform
haunting: present participle and gerund of haunt
blocking: present participle and gerund of block
bechance: To happen; chance.
bechance: To happen (to); befall to.
feasting: present participle and gerund of feast
slanting: present participle and gerund of slant
hatching: present participle and gerund of hatch
uplifted: simple past and past participle of uplift
journeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of journey
traitors: third-person singular simple present indicative of traitor
pioneers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pioneer
blinding: present participle and gerund of blind
draggled: simple past and past participle of draggle
reciting: present participle and gerund of recite
deciding: present participle and gerund of decide
guarding: present participle and gerund of guard
trailing: present participle and gerund of trail
operates: third-person singular simple present indicative of operate
treading: present participle and gerund of tread
watering: present participle and gerund of water
plunging: present participle and gerund of plunge
stifling: present participle and gerund of stifle
streaked: simple past and past participle of streak
reverted: simple past and past participle of revert
tethered: simple past and past participle of tether
straping: Misspelling of strapping.
embossed: simple past and past participle of emboss
crooking: present participle and gerund of crook
film out: to transfer images or animation from videotape or digital files to a traditional celluloid film print
film out: To form a film on the surface of something.
scraping: present participle and gerund of scrape
shadowed: simple past and past participle of shadow
forefoot: To repair the front area of (a shoe etc).
forefoot: To catch (a horse) by binding its front legs together with rope.
scuttled: simple past and past participle of scuttle
bewailed: simple past and past participle of bewail
burdened: simple past and past participle of burden
excepted: simple past and past participle of except
diffused: simple past and past participle of diffuse
catering: present participle and gerund of cater
cornered: simple past and past participle of corner
courting: present participle and gerund of court
enlisted: simple past and past participle of enlist
neighing: present participle and gerund of neigh
blasting: present participle and gerund of blast
circling: present participle and gerund of circle
premiers: third-person singular simple present indicative of premier
chirping: present participle and gerund of chirp
bounding: present participle and gerund of bound
scruples: third-person singular simple present indicative of scruple
planking: present participle and gerund of plank
beheaded: simple past and past participle of behead
claw off: To beat to windward to avoid being driven on to a lee shore.
claw off: To hit or beat up (someone).
creaming: present participle and gerund of cream
flogging: present participle and gerund of flog
floryshe: Obsolete form of flourish.
desulfur: to remove the sulfur from something (such as petroleum or flue gases)
contrist: To make sad, to upset.
sulfured: simple past and past participle of sulfur
get laid: To have sex, especially with a new partner or after a period of abstinence.
get laid: To cause to have sex.
slurring: present participle and gerund of slur
segments: third-person singular simple present indicative of segment
creampie: To visibly ejaculate in the vagina or anus.
sulfated: simple past and past participle of sulfate
sulfuret: To sulfurize.
spidered: simple past and past participle of spider
compiled: simple past and past participle of compile
hovering: present participle and gerund of hover
darkling: present participle and gerund of darkle
have got: To have.
have got: To be obliged or obligated; must, have to, got to
spamming: present participle and gerund of spam
birdlime: To add birdlime to.
keyframe: To animate by interpolation between successive keyframes.
incensed: simple past and past participle of incense
enriched: simple past and past participle of enrich
pacified: simple past and past participle of pacify
monsters: third-person singular simple present indicative of monster
holidays: third-person singular simple present indicative of holiday
satirize: To make a satire of; to mock.
licenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of license
blighted: simple past and past participle of blight
galloped: simple past and past participle of gallop
banquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of banquet
gladdens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gladden
refuting: present participle and gerund of refute
licenced: simple past and past participle of licence
flirting: present participle and gerund of flirt
pickaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pickax
hacksaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of hacksaw
shunning: present participle and gerund of shun
quilting: present participle and gerund of quilt
shunting: present participle and gerund of shunt
depaving: present participle and gerund of depave
X-raying: present participle and gerund of X-ray
knuckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of knuckle
torching: present participle and gerund of torch
gavelled: simple past and past participle of gavel
leeching: present participle and gerund of leech
privates: third-person singular simple present indicative of private
needling: present participle and gerund of needle
enjambed: simple past and past participle of enjamb
macheted: simple past and past participle of machete
machetes: third-person singular simple present indicative of machete
jingling: present participle and gerund of jingle
jangling: present participle and gerund of jangle
deriding: present participle and gerund of deride
quacking: present participle and gerund of quack
chairing: present participle and gerund of chair
writhing: present participle and gerund of writhe
soughing: present participle and gerund of sough
jill off: To masturbate.
forestay: To stay beforehand; secure or fasten with or as with a forestay.
forestay: To stay, delay, postpone, or hinder beforehand; forestall; prevent.
resented: simple past and past participle of resent
differed: simple past and past participle of differ
faltered: simple past and past participle of falter
deepened: simple past and past participle of deepen
shrieked: simple past and past participle of shriek
lagering: present participle and gerund of lager
snipping: present participle and gerund of snip
flitting: present participle and gerund of flit
profiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of profile
occuring: Misspelling of occurring, the present participle of occur.
drop out: To leave (school, a race, etc.) prematurely and voluntarily.
drop out: To opt out of conventional society.
drop out: To be lost or momentarily interrupted.
drop out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see drop, out.
photomap: to produce such a map (from a photograph or existing map)
quivered: simple past and past participle of quiver
affiance: To be betrothed to; to promise to marry.
bandaged: simple past and past participle of bandage
adsorbed: simple past and past participle of adsorb
drop off: To fall asleep.
drop off: To deliver; to deposit or leave; to allow passengers to alight.
drop off: To fall.
drop off: To lessen or reduce.
bandages: third-person singular simple present indicative of bandage
finishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of finish
photoset: to photocompose
unravels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unravel
hammocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hammock
sleeking: present participle and gerund of sleek
patented: simple past and past participle of patent
alkalize: To cause to become alkaline, more basic and less acidic.
faceting: present participle and gerund of facet
stagnate: To cease motion, activity, or progress:
stagnate: To cease to flow or run.
stagnate: To cease motion, activity, or progress:
stagnate: To be or become foul from standing.
stagnate: To cease motion, activity, or progress:
stagnate: To cease to develop, advance, or change; to become idle.
ringbark: To remove the bark, phloem, and cambium from a tree in a ring all the way around its trunk, thereby normally killing the tree.
moonwalk: To walk on the surface of the Moon.
moonwalk: To walk in leaps, like on the Moon or on other low gravity surfaces.
moonwalk: To perform the moonwalk.
moonwalk: To walk in a manner that is similar to the moonwalk dance style; to move while sliding backwards as though the feet move as if one was walking forwards.
boughten: past participle of buy
backslid: simple past and past participle of backslide
revolute: to roll back, curve upwards
revolute: to participate in or incite a revolution or revolt
mastered: simple past and past participle of master
resorted: simple past and past participle of resort
embitter: To cause (someone or something) to be bitter.
coppered: simple past and past participle of copper
thrapple: To strangle, to throttle.
retyping: present participle and gerund of retype
analysed: simple past and past participle of analyse
replaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of replace
updating: present participle and gerund of update
behaving: present participle and gerund of behave
sunbathe: To expose one's body to the sun in order to relax or to obtain a suntan.
relishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of relish
crank up: To start something mechanical, an act that often used to involve cranking.
crank up: To increase, as the volume, power or energy of something.
crank up: To describe in praiseworthy terms; to promote.
refinish: To finish again; especially, to apply a fresh finish, as a new coat of varnish or paint.
wielding: present participle and gerund of wield
wildfowl: To hunt wildfowl.
overrate: To esteem too highly; to give greater praise than due.
skirling: present participle and gerund of skirl
kitesurf: To take part in kitesurfing.
fishtail: To swing the back of a vehicle (originally an aircraft) from side to side.
fishtail: To cause the back of (a vehicle) to swing from side to side.
fishtail: To move with the tail swinging from side to side in this way.
canoeing: present participle and gerund of canoe
shake up: To agitate by shaking.
shake up: To restore to its original shape by shaking.
shake up: To upset or distress (a person).
shake up: To reorganize, to make reforms in.
espalier: To train a plant in this manner.
winnowed: simple past and past participle of winnow
empurple: To make purple.
empurple: To enrage or anger, referring to making the face purple or red with blood.
empurple: Of writing, to make overly flowery or showy; to embellish unduly.
embattle: To arrange in order of battle; to array for battle.
embattle: To prepare or arm for battle; to equip as for battle.
embattle: To be arrayed for battle.
embattle: To furnish with battlements; to give the form of battlements to.
tit fuck: To stimulate someone's penis between the breasts of (a person).
queefing: present participle and gerund of queef
bimbling: present participle and gerund of bimble
swithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of swither
bankroll: To fund a project; to underwrite something.
balloons: third-person singular simple present indicative of balloon; Enlarges, gets bigger
receipts: third-person singular simple present indicative of receipt
spilling: present participle and gerund of spill
wildcats: third-person singular simple present indicative of wildcat
ghettoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ghetto
caucuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of caucus
shotguns: third-person singular simple present indicative of shotgun
transits: third-person singular simple present indicative of transit
sparkled: simple past and past participle of sparkle
fattened: simple past and past participle of fatten; fatted
barrette: To put (hair) into a barrette.
indulges: third-person singular simple present indicative of indulge
boggling: present participle and gerund of boggle
analyzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of analyze
doubling: present participle and gerund of double
inlaying: present participle and gerund of inlay
warchalk: To draw chalk symbols in public places (such as the side of a building or a sidewalk) to show users of computers with Wi-Fi capability where a wireless network may be accessed.
prattled: simple past and past participle of prattle
embroils: third-person singular simple present indicative of embroil
thumbing: present participle and gerund of thumb
dunching: present participle and gerund of dunch
pass for: To be mistakenly seen as something that one is not
pass for: To be sufficient, especially minimally so, for a specified purpose.
wank off: To masturbate.
underpay: To pay (someone) less than the value of their work; to pay (someone) insufficiently.
underpay: To pay less than is due for (something).
haul ass: To hurry; to move quickly, especially to leave.
felching: present participle and gerund of felch
go large: To have the wind at such an angle to the sail that the vessel gains its highest speed.
go large: To enjoy oneself to the maximum.
go large: To supersize a portion of food or drink.
cresting: present participle and gerund of crest
get busy: To cease to be idle and start working.
get busy: To have sex.
motioned: simple past and past participle of motion
loosened: simple past and past participle of loosen
escorted: simple past and past participle of escort
resolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of resolve
yammered: simple past and past participle of yammer
push off: To go away; to get lost.
push off: to commit a foul by pushing against an opponent to both accelerate more quickly and push the opponent in the opposite direction.
push off: To delay, postpone, put off, push back.
midwives: third-person singular simple present indicative of midwife
forewarn: To warn in advance.
delivers: third-person singular simple present indicative of deliver
flavored: simple past and past participle of flavor
recycled: simple past and past participle of recycle
decoding: present participle and gerund of decode
twitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of twitch
journals: third-person singular simple present indicative of journal
browsing: present participle and gerund of browse
searches: third-person singular simple present indicative of search
flurries: third-person singular simple present indicative of flurry
caresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of caress
ignoring: present participle and gerund of ignore
ferrying: present participle and gerund of ferry
stresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of stress
keypunch: To use such a device or machine
stitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of stitch
snitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of snitch
benching: present participle and gerund of bench
splashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of splash
jam-pack: To pack or fill very tightly.
chacking: present participle and gerund of chack
buttered: simple past and past participle of butter
suspects: third-person singular simple present indicative of suspect
computed: simple past and past participle of compute
jewelled: simple past and past participle of jewel
recceing: present participle and gerund of recce
polarize: To cause to have a polarization.
polarize: To cause a group to be divided into extremes.
geocache: To participate in geocaching.
geocache: To hide or seek a geocache.
swigging: present participle and gerund of swig
wobbling: present participle and gerund of wobble
valorize: To assess (something) as being valuable or admirable.
valorize: To fix the price of (something) at an artificially high level, usually by government action.
orbiting: present participle and gerund of orbit
blogging: present participle and gerund of blog
grassing: present participle and gerund of grass
mullered: simple past and past participle of muller
smacking: present participle and gerund of smack
chopping: present participle and gerund of chop
buy time: To purposefully cause a delay, in order to achieve something else.
connects: third-person singular simple present indicative of connect
precedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of precede
proposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of propose
affixing: present participle and gerund of affix
enabling: present participle and gerund of enable
hampered: simple past and past participle of hamper
lurching: present participle and gerund of lurch
shuffled: simple past and past participle of shuffle
swooshed: simple past and past participle of swoosh
explored: simple past and past participle of explore
luck out: To experience great luck; to be extremely fortunate or lucky.
backtalk: To respond to in an aggressively disputatious, often sarcastic or insolent manner.
blooding: present participle and gerund of blood
hounding: present participle and gerund of hound
watch it: To be careful or cautious; to pay attention to what one is doing (usually imperative).
stramash: To make a noise, to cause an uproar, to cause a disturbance
stramash: To strike, beat, or bang; to break; to destroy.
imitated: simple past and past participle of imitate
unspoken: past participle of unspeak
outguess: to beat through accurate anticipation of someone's plans and actions.
namedrop: Alternative spelling of name-drop
crafting: present participle and gerund of craft
attaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of attach
nasalize: To speak through the nose.
nasalize: To make a nasal sound when speaking.
nasalize: To lower the soft palate so that air flows through the nose during the articulation of a speech sound.
captures: third-person singular simple present indicative of capture
censures: third-person singular simple present indicative of censure
scansion: Put into a rhythmic form or meter.
scansion: Impose patterns on.
conceded: simple past and past participle of concede
concedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of concede
compense: To compensate.
computes: third-person singular simple present indicative of compute
confirme: Obsolete spelling of confirm
conjures: third-person singular simple present indicative of conjure
connotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of connote
consoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of console
constate: To relay information in a statement and say whether it is true or false.
constate: To ascertain; to verify; to establish; to prove.
convives: third-person singular simple present indicative of convive
defraude: Obsolete spelling of defraud
degrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of degrade
deplores: third-person singular simple present indicative of deplore
depraves: third-person singular simple present indicative of deprave
deposite: Obsolete spelling of deposit
deprimes: present of deprime
downplay: To de-emphasize; to present or portray as less important or consequential.
feel for: To experience sympathy for, to sympathise with.
feel for: To search for something by touching (as with one’s hand in a bag).
get even: To get revenge.
destines: third-person singular simple present indicative of destine
eclipses: third-person singular simple present indicative of eclipse
welcomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of welcome
epitaphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of epitaph
leathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of leather
gangways: third-person singular simple present indicative of gangway
whistles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whistle
overlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of overlay
vultures: third-person singular simple present indicative of vulture
massages: third-person singular simple present indicative of massage
unicorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unicorn
specials: third-person singular simple present indicative of special
acrobats: third-person singular simple present indicative of acrobat
matinees: third-person singular simple present indicative of matinee
averages: third-person singular simple present indicative of average
refugees: third-person singular simple present indicative of refugee
kitchens: third-person singular simple present indicative of kitchen
lobsters: third-person singular simple present indicative of lobster
barriers: third-person singular simple present indicative of barrier
laterals: third-person singular simple present indicative of lateral
codicils: third-person singular simple present indicative of codicil
anagrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of anagram
webcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of webcast
surmises: third-person singular simple present indicative of surmise
engendre: Obsolete form of engender.
dictates: third-person singular simple present indicative of dictate
englobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of englobe
iterates: third-person singular simple present indicative of iterate
liqueurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of liqueur
upgrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgrade
podcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of podcast
hydrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of hydrate
citrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of citrate
sweaters: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweater
deviates: third-person singular simple present indicative of deviate
sidearms: third-person singular simple present indicative of sidearm
crusades: third-person singular simple present indicative of crusade
tortures: third-person singular simple present indicative of torture
swindles: third-person singular simple present indicative of swindle
derricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of derrick
screeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of screeve
sulfates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sulfate
paddocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of paddock
thimbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of thimble
traipses: third-person singular simple present indicative of traipse
licences: third-person singular simple present indicative of licence
steeples: third-person singular simple present indicative of steeple
couriers: third-person singular simple present indicative of courier
spaniels: third-person singular simple present indicative of spaniel
scooters: third-person singular simple present indicative of scooter
briquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of briquet
sealions: third-person singular simple present indicative of sealion
rechecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recheck
entables: third-person singular simple present indicative of entable
prickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of prickle
tintypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tintype
deep-six: Alternative form of deep six
dragnets: third-person singular simple present indicative of dragnet
vanpools: third-person singular simple present indicative of vanpool
maypoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of maypole
grapnels: third-person singular simple present indicative of grapnel
bobtails: third-person singular simple present indicative of bobtail
escribes: third-person singular simple present indicative of escribe
fulmines: third-person singular simple present indicative of fulmine
protects: third-person singular simple present indicative of protect
upmarket: To make or become upmarket.
uppercut: To strike with an uppercut.
conceals: third-person singular simple present indicative of conceal
decrypts: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrypt
upbreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbreak
perfects: third-person singular simple present indicative of perfect
disdains: third-person singular simple present indicative of disdain
disgusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of disgust
thunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of thunder
weathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of weather
condemns: third-person singular simple present indicative of condemn
handsels: third-person singular simple present indicative of handsel
corrupts: third-person singular simple present indicative of corrupt
spelunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of spelunk
inherits: third-person singular simple present indicative of inherit
appoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of appoint
enchants: third-person singular simple present indicative of enchant
confirms: third-person singular simple present indicative of confirm
excretes: third-person singular simple present indicative of excrete
aggroups: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggroup
dissents: third-person singular simple present indicative of dissent
exclames: third-person singular simple present indicative of exclame
distends: third-person singular simple present indicative of distend
prepends: third-person singular simple present indicative of prepend
contorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of contort
scatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of scatter
convicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of convict
fulfills: third-person singular simple present indicative of fulfill
unchains: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchain
augments: third-person singular simple present indicative of augment
unmounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmount
conforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of conform
contests: third-person singular simple present indicative of contest
recovers: third-person singular simple present indicative of recover
concerts: third-person singular simple present indicative of concert
pertains: third-person singular simple present indicative of pertain
plunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of plunder
adjourns: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjourn
furthers: third-person singular simple present indicative of further
despairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of despair
starches: third-person singular simple present indicative of starch
succumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of succumb
shortens: third-person singular simple present indicative of shorten
prevails: third-person singular simple present indicative of prevail
slobbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slobber
moistens: third-person singular simple present indicative of moisten
installs: third-person singular simple present indicative of install
prolongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of prolong
blackens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blacken
disturbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of disturb
persists: third-person singular simple present indicative of persist
consorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of consort
sniggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of snigger
encrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of encrust
pretends: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretend
discerns: third-person singular simple present indicative of discern
enlivens: third-person singular simple present indicative of enliven
solicits: third-person singular simple present indicative of solicit
mafficks: third-person singular simple present indicative of maffick
ferments: third-person singular simple present indicative of ferment
chatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of chatter
jaywalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaywalk
inhibits: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhibit
envelops: third-person singular simple present indicative of envelop
croquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of croquet
lambasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of lambast
refracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of refract
glitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of glitter
embowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of embower
lightens: third-person singular simple present indicative of lighten
smatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of smatter
enthrals: third-person singular simple present indicative of enthral
outranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrank
maunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of maunder
contemns: third-person singular simple present indicative of contemn
roisters: third-person singular simple present indicative of roister
chaffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of chaffer
heartens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hearten
retracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of retract
galumphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of galumph
preempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of preempt
miswords: third-person singular simple present indicative of misword
regroups: third-person singular simple present indicative of regroup
plappers: third-person singular simple present indicative of plapper
scarpers: third-person singular simple present indicative of scarper
hearkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hearken
bespoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespoil
betokens: third-person singular simple present indicative of betoken
drywalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of drywall
offloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of offload
broadens: third-person singular simple present indicative of broaden
jeopards: third-person singular simple present indicative of jeopard
disbands: third-person singular simple present indicative of disband
ingrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingrain
ransacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ransack
suctions: third-person singular simple present indicative of suction
sputters: third-person singular simple present indicative of sputter
parboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of parboil
Mirandas: third-person singular simple present indicative of Miranda
despoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of despoil
attaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of attaint
parquets: third-person singular simple present indicative of parquet
instills: third-person singular simple present indicative of instill
combusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of combust
entrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of entrust
consents: third-person singular simple present indicative of consent
retreats: third-person singular simple present indicative of retreat
skylarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skylark
imprints: third-person singular simple present indicative of imprint
swallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of swallow
turnkeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of turnkey
founders: third-person singular simple present indicative of founder
auctions: third-person singular simple present indicative of auction
protests: third-person singular simple present indicative of protest
perverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of pervert
harbours: third-person singular simple present indicative of harbour
padlocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of padlock
monitors: third-person singular simple present indicative of monitor
subverts: third-person singular simple present indicative of subvert
toenails: third-person singular simple present indicative of toenail
compacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of compact
resprays: third-person singular simple present indicative of respray
whimpers: third-person singular simple present indicative of whimper
responds: third-person singular simple present indicative of respond
plummets: third-person singular simple present indicative of plummet
frisbees: third-person singular simple present indicative of frisbee
lowballs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lowball
clobbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of clobber
clatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of clatter
cashiers: third-person singular simple present indicative of cashier
smothers: third-person singular simple present indicative of smother
whickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of whicker
clangors: third-person singular simple present indicative of clangor
shimmers: third-person singular simple present indicative of shimmer
implants: third-person singular simple present indicative of implant
explores: third-person singular simple present indicative of explore
expulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of expulse
extrudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of extrude
bid fair: To have a reasonable claim; to seem likely.
prancing: present participle and gerund of prance
shedding: present participle and gerund of shed
renaming: present participle and gerund of rename
coursing: present participle and gerund of course
walk out: To stage a walkout or strike.
walk out: To leave suddenly, especially as a form of protest.
walk out: To go out with; to be romantically involved.
walk out: To go for a walk outdoors; to go out.
walk out: To accompany (someone) as they leave a house or other building.
walk out: To continue or persist in carrying (something) out or following through (with something); to persevere.
walk out: To step away with when carrying the weight in order not to hit the rack it was lifted off from during execution of the exercise.
guessing: present participle and gerund of guess
emulsify: To make into an emulsion.
overfeed: To feed a person or animal too much.
overfeed: To eat more than is necessary.
overfeed: To feed material (e.g. fuel into a burner) from above.
reaffirm: To affirm again.
reaffirm: To bolster or support.
sneezing: present participle and gerund of sneeze
favoring: present participle and gerund of favor
smoothed: simple past and past participle of smooth
hit upon: To address.
hit upon: To think of; to discover or invent.
chuckled: simple past and past participle of chuckle
branched: simple past and past participle of branch
jittered: simple past and past participle of jitter
absisted: simple past and past participle of absist
seconded: simple past and past participle of second
marketed: simple past and past participle of market
overfill: To fill beyond capacity or beyond what is appropriate.
neutered: simple past and past participle of neuter
knighted: simple past and past participle of knight
martyred: simple past and past participle of martyr
marooned: simple past and past participle of maroon
gossiped: simple past and past participle of gossip
friended: simple past and past participle of friend
fingered: simple past and past participle of finger
rumoured: simple past and past participle of rumour
dangered: simple past and past participle of danger
ferreted: simple past and past participle of ferret
mattered: simple past and past participle of matter
upcoiled: simple past and past participle of upcoil
upcurled: simple past and past participle of upcurl
mothered: simple past and past participle of mother
dampened: simple past and past participle of dampen
vacuumed: simple past and past participle of vacuum
koshered: simple past and past participle of kosher
vectored: simple past and past participle of vector
retailed: simple past and past participle of retail
gardened: simple past and past participle of garden
shrimped: simple past and past participle of shrimp
impacted: simple past and past participle of impact
tendered: simple past and past participle of tender
lumbered: simple past and past participle of lumber
burrowed: simple past and past participle of burrow
occulted: simple past and past participle of occult
appended: simple past and past participle of append
defected: simple past and past participle of defect
authored: simple past and past participle of author
squicked: simple past and past participle of squick
visioned: simple past and past participle of vision
carpeted: simple past and past participle of carpet
scotched: simple past and past participle of scotch
repented: simple past and past participle of repent
umlauted: simple past and past participle of umlaut
peppered: simple past and past participle of pepper
pardoned: simple past and past participle of pardon
littered: simple past and past participle of litter
harbored: simple past and past participle of harbor
deducted: simple past and past participle of deduct
exported: simple past and past participle of export
orgasmed: simple past and past participle of orgasm
showered: simple past and past participle of shower
annealed: simple past and past participle of anneal
umounted: simple past and past participle of umount
hunkered: simple past and past participle of hunker
intuited: simple past and past participle of intuit
filtered: simple past and past participle of filter
pocketed: simple past and past participle of pocket
fellowed: simple past and past participle of fellow
fomented: simple past and past participle of foment
disarmed: simple past and past participle of disarm
targeted: simple past and past participle of target
mustered: simple past and past participle of muster
squirted: simple past and past participle of squirt
shielded: simple past and past participle of shield
wallowed: simple past and past participle of wallow
disowned: simple past and past participle of disown
wreathed: simple past and past participle of wreath
wreathed: simple past and past participle of wreathe
flinched: simple past and past participle of flinch
elicited: simple past and past participle of elicit
indicted: simple past and past participle of indict
kowtowed: simple past and past participle of kowtow
hoorayed: simple past and past participle of hooray
careered: simple past and past participle of career
streamed: simple past and past participle of stream
squealed: simple past and past participle of squeal
sloughed: simple past and past participle of slough
exhorted: simple past and past participle of exhort
heralded: simple past and past participle of herald
bantered: simple past and past participle of banter
thwacked: simple past and past participle of thwack
cravened: simple past and past participle of craven
guttered: simple past and past participle of gutter
cratered: simple past and past participle of crater
hungered: simple past and past participle of hunger
budgeted: simple past and past participle of budget
squeaked: simple past and past participle of squeak
uncorked: simple past and past participle of uncork
guffawed: simple past and past participle of guffaw
tillered: simple past and past participle of tiller
pandered: simple past and past participle of pander
packeted: simple past and past participle of packet
refunded: simple past and past participle of refund
rebuffed: simple past and past participle of rebuff
simpered: simple past and past participle of simper
squalled: simple past and past participle of squall
squawked: simple past and past participle of squawk
bickered: simple past and past participle of bicker
weltered: simple past and past participle of welter
loitered: simple past and past participle of loiter
chiseled: simple past and past participle of chisel
harrowed: simple past and past participle of harrow
deported: simple past and past participle of deport
scrumped: simple past and past participle of scrump
doddered: simple past and past participle of dodder
sleuthed: simple past and past participle of sleuth
frowsted: simple past and past participle of frowst
bewrayed: simple past and past participle of bewray
suitored: simple past and past participle of suitor
harkened: simple past and past participle of harken
gallowed: simple past and past participle of gallow
arointed: simple past and past participle of aroint
rationed: simple past and past participle of ration
fallowed: simple past and past participle of fallow
roqueted: simple past and past participle of roquet
buccaned: simple past and past participle of buccan
detoured: simple past and past participle of detour
poopooed: simple past and past participle of poopoo
debeaked: simple past and past participle of debeak
pandared: simple past and past participle of pandar
chaulked: simple past and past participle of chaulk
splinted: simple past and past participle of splint
barneyed: simple past and past participle of barney
waggoned: simple past and past participle of waggon
puckered: simple past and past participle of pucker
deployed: simple past and past participle of deploy
unlinked: simple past and past participle of unlink
perjures: third-person singular simple present indicative of perjure
perfumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of perfume
perdures: third-person singular simple present indicative of perdure
permutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of permute
shrouded: simple past and past participle of shroud
precises: third-person singular simple present indicative of precise
precises: Alternative form of précises; third-person singular simple present indicative of precis
prepares: third-person singular simple present indicative of prepare
presides: third-person singular simple present indicative of preside
proceded: simple past and past participle of procede
presumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of presume
procedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of procede
proclame: Obsolete spelling of proclaim
propales: third-person singular simple present indicative of propale
propulse: To repel; to drive off or away.
reclines: third-person singular simple present indicative of recline
recrease: To crease again.
registre: Obsolete form of register.
reprimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprime
respires: third-person singular simple present indicative of respire
retrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrate
depolish: To remove the polish from.
suspires: third-person singular simple present indicative of suspire
vegetare: To adhere to a vegetarian diet; to eat vegetables and not meat.
troopers: third-person singular simple present indicative of trooper
garlands: third-person singular simple present indicative of garland
disavows: third-person singular simple present indicative of disavow
assaults: third-person singular simple present indicative of assault
recesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of recess
worthing: present participle and gerund of worth
pay back: To pay a debt, to provide the entire amount of money owed to another.
pay back: To avenge, to exact revenge.
synapses: third-person singular simple present indicative of synapse
notarize: To be witness of the authenticity of a document and its accompanying signatures in one's capacity as notary public.
epigraph: To provide (a literary work) with an epigraph.
moleskin: To cover with a moleskin bandage.
catalyse: Alternative spelling of catalyze
foughten: past participle of fight
effacing: present participle and gerund of efface
defacing: present participle and gerund of deface
cincture: To encircle, or surround.
cincture: To girdle (stunt or kill by cutting).
citified: simple past and past participle of citify
modeling: present participle and gerund of model
knocketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of knock
flinging: present participle and gerund of fling
speak to: To give evidence regarding something; to attest or provide evidence for; to bespeak.
speak to: To address a particular topic.
speak to: To (figuratively) resonate with; to feel emotionally relevant to.
dethrone: To depose; to forcibly relieve a monarch of the monarchy.
dethrone: To remove any governing authority from power.
dethrone: To remove from any position of high status or power.
dethrone: To remove (something) from a position of power or paramount importance.
repelled: simple past and past participle of repel
lessened: simple past and past participle of lessen
dismayed: simple past and past participle of dismay
clean up: To make an area or a thing clean; to pick up a mess; to tidy.
clean up: To become clean, handsome, smart in appearance, e.g. for a special occasion, especially when it is out of character to be seen as such.
clean up: To make a large profit; to win by a large margin, or to win a large amount, especially in gambling. Also clean house.
clean up: To intervene in a fight between two players at low health and easily kill both of them or the winner.
exposing: present participle and gerund of expose
adopting: present participle and gerund of adopt
detested: simple past and past participle of detest
succeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of succeed
revolted: simple past and past participle of revolt
plotting: present participle and gerund of plot
consoled: simple past and past participle of console
presided: simple past and past participle of preside
hindered: simple past and past participle of hinder
breathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of breathe
avenging: present participle and gerund of avenge
descends: third-person singular simple present indicative of descend
rebelled: simple past and past participle of rebel
torments: third-person singular simple present indicative of torment
get into: To move into (an object), such that one ends up inside it.
get into: To put on (an item of clothing).
get into: To reach into or interact with (an object).
get into: To become involved or interested in (a discussion, issue, or activity).
get into: To enter (an unfavourable state).
get into: To cause to behave uncharacteristically; to possess.
get into: To interrogate in order to arrive at a deeper understanding.
lavished: simple past and past participle of lavish
crashing: present participle and gerund of crash
splashed: simple past and past participle of splash
unfolded: simple past and past participle of unfold
reviving: present participle and gerund of revive
snapping: present participle and gerund of snap
blending: present participle and gerund of blend
lounging: present participle and gerund of lounge
flushing: present participle and gerund of flush
reviewed: simple past and past participle of review
laboring: present participle and gerund of labor
creaking: present participle and gerund of creak
coughing: present participle and gerund of cough
hornpipe: To dance the hornpipe.
flagging: present participle and gerund of flag
infested: simple past and past participle of infest
one-shot: To kill or destroy with a single hit.
fringing: present participle and gerund of fringe
toppling: present participle and gerund of topple
chanting: present participle and gerund of chant
chatting: present participle and gerund of chat
airdrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of airdrop
alluding: present participle and gerund of allude
repulsed: simple past and past participle of repulse
moistest: second-person singular simple present indicative of moist
caddying: present participle and gerund of caddy
caddying: present participle and gerund of caddie
caressed: simple past and past participle of caress
handpick: To pick or harvest by hand.
handpick: To select carefully and with individual attention.
bludging: present participle and gerund of bludge
poaching: present participle and gerund of poach
replying: present participle and gerund of reply
handwork: To work (materials) by hand, without the use of a machine.
armoured: simple past and past participle of armour
overused: simple past and past participle of overuse
bollixed: simple past and past participle of bollix
stroking: present participle and gerund of stroke
postlude: To form a postlude (to); to end with a postlude.
fondling: present participle and gerund of fondle
sunburnt: simple past and past participle of sunburn
causeway: To pave, to cobble.
poundage: To collect, as poundage; to assess, or rate, by poundage.
thin out: To make sparse; to remove some of a group of newly-planted plants in order to allow the remaining ones to grow unimpeded.
thin out: To become sparse.
trotting: present participle and gerund of trot
excelled: simple past and past participle of excel
narrowed: simple past and past participle of narrow
outrages: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrage
applique: To decorate something in this way.
get onto: To contact a person or organisation about a particular matter.
get onto: To connect, especially to the Internet or a network.
get onto: To scold someone.
get onto: To introduce someone to something.
get onto: To take a look at someone or something.
get onto: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, onto.
profited: simple past and past participle of profit
locating: present participle and gerund of locate
thanking: present participle and gerund of thank
windsurf: To ride a surfboard that has an attached sail
flanking: present participle and gerund of flank
ratifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ratify
racewalk: To participate in the sport of racewalking.
woodshed: To practice or rehearse using a musical instrument.
wikified: simple past and past participle of wikify
harassed: simple past and past participle of harass
harasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of harass
go south: To become unfavorable; to decrease; to take a turn for the worse.
go south: To make an escape; to disappear.
go south: To give somebody oral sex.
go south: To rathole: to take chips off the table in a cash game without exiting the game completely, especially with the intention of limiting losses.
earthing: present participle and gerund of earth
enmeshed: simple past and past participle of enmesh
crumpled: simple past and past participle of crumple
recruits: third-person singular simple present indicative of recruit
debating: present participle and gerund of debate
smoulder: Alternative form of smolder
smoulder: To smother; to suffocate; to choke.
capstone: To complete as a crowning achievement; to top off.
capstone: To train in the Capstone Military Leadership Program.
costumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of costume
calamine: To coat or treat with calamine.
parasail: To take part in the recreational activity of parasailing.
tailored: simple past and past participle of tailor
romances: third-person singular simple present indicative of romance
growling: present participle and gerund of growl
cozening: present participle and gerund of cozen
currying: present participle and gerund of curry
drugging: present participle and gerund of drug
housesit: alternative spelling of house-sit
exhaling: present participle and gerund of exhale
deckhand: To work on a boat as a deckhand; crew.
affright: To inspire fright in; to frighten, to terrify.
heave-ho: To pull forcefully.
pinching: present participle and gerund of pinch
devilled: simple past and past participle of devil
woodchop: To chop wood, especially as a sport.
hecatomb: To provide (someone or something) with a hecatomb.
impeding: present participle and gerund of impede
taunting: present participle and gerund of taunt
foraging: present participle and gerund of forage
digitize: To represent something (such as an image or sound) as a structured sequence of binary digits.
digitize: To quantize a continuous or analog value; to convert it into a discrete value.
digitize: To finger.
reddened: simple past and past participle of redden
glad-eye: To stare seductively at (a person).
widening: present participle and gerund of widen
brooking: present participle and gerund of brook
refilled: simple past and past participle of refill
enjoined: simple past and past participle of enjoin
halftone: To reproduce a photograph or other continuous tone image by the use of dots of various sizes.
receding: present participle and gerund of recede
botching: present participle and gerund of botch
trounced: simple past and past participle of trounce
legering: present participle and gerund of leger
divorces: third-person singular simple present indicative of divorce
sparkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sparkle
unpaired: simple past and past participle of unpair
grouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of grouch
textures: third-person singular simple present indicative of texture
exploded: simple past and past participle of explode
uniforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of uniform
fritters: third-person singular simple present indicative of fritter
mandrels: third-person singular simple present indicative of mandrel
sunburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of sunburn
portages: third-person singular simple present indicative of portage
wiretaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of wiretap
bedevils: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedevil
congeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of congeal
realigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of realign
carjacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of carjack
slithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slither
smolders: third-person singular simple present indicative of smolder
declaims: third-person singular simple present indicative of declaim
remodels: third-person singular simple present indicative of remodel
unscrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of unscrew
conjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of conjoin
radioing: present participle and gerund of radio
humoring: present participle and gerund of humor
alloying: present participle and gerund of alloy
braining: present participle and gerund of brain
wronging: present participle and gerund of wrong
roughing: present participle and gerund of rough
powering: present participle and gerund of power
rumoring: present participle and gerund of rumor
righting: present participle and gerund of right
chaining: present participle and gerund of chain
shorting: present participle and gerund of short
graphing: present participle and gerund of graph
breading: present participle and gerund of bread
storming: present participle and gerund of storm
erroring: present participle and gerund of error
bearding: present participle and gerund of beard
upending: present participle and gerund of upend
chalking: present participle and gerund of chalk
reappear: To appear again.
flocking: present participle and gerund of flock
creeding: present participle and gerund of creed
elbowing: present participle and gerund of elbow
skunking: present participle and gerund of skunk
flouring: present participle and gerund of flour
queering: present participle and gerund of queer
clocking: present participle and gerund of clock
quieting: present participle and gerund of quiet
skirting: present participle and gerund of skirt
hoisting: present participle and gerund of hoist
greening: present participle and gerund of green
mouthing: present participle and gerund of mouth
mouthing: present participle and gerund of mouthe
photoing: present participle and gerund of photo
sleeting: present participle and gerund of sleet
angering: present participle and gerund of anger
sainting: present participle and gerund of saint
spooling: present participle and gerund of spool
medaling: present participle and gerund of medal
guesting: present participle and gerund of guest
tristing: present participle and gerund of trist
yoinking: present participle and gerund of yoink
crimping: present participle and gerund of crimp
dreading: present participle and gerund of dread
blimping: present participle and gerund of blimp
allaying: present participle and gerund of allay
sneering: present participle and gerund of sneer
blooping: present participle and gerund of bloop
frothing: present participle and gerund of froth
spooning: present participle and gerund of spoon
quelling: present participle and gerund of quell
snicking: present participle and gerund of snick
intering: present participle and gerund of inter
cleating: present participle and gerund of cleat
swanking: present participle and gerund of swank
cheeking: present participle and gerund of cheek
feinting: present participle and gerund of feint
wheeling: present participle and gerund of wheel
starking: present participle and gerund of stark
psalming: present participle and gerund of psalm
charting: present participle and gerund of chart
wracking: present participle and gerund of wrack
twinking: present participle and gerund of twink
dwarfing: present participle and gerund of dwarf
awarding: present participle and gerund of award
drafting: present participle and gerund of draft
tainting: present participle and gerund of taint
delaying: present participle and gerund of delay
feigning: present participle and gerund of feign
wagoning: present participle and gerund of wagon
blurting: present participle and gerund of blurt
faulting: present participle and gerund of fault
grunting: present participle and gerund of grunt
whisking: present participle and gerund of whisk
screwing: present participle and gerund of screw
gmailing: present participle and gerund of gmail
coveting: present participle and gerund of covet
wrecking: present participle and gerund of wreck
tweaking: present participle and gerund of tweak
champing: present participle and gerund of champ
wakening: present participle and gerund of waken
heisting: present participle and gerund of heist
cranking: present participle and gerund of crank
moulting: present participle and gerund of moult
bleeping: present participle and gerund of bleep
havening: present participle and gerund of haven
scalping: present participle and gerund of scalp
caroming: present participle and gerund of carom
smurfing: present participle and gerund of smurf
shucking: present participle and gerund of shuck
trawling: present participle and gerund of trawl
tricking: present participle and gerund of trick
cramping: present participle and gerund of cramp
spooking: present participle and gerund of spook
brawling: present participle and gerund of brawl
whiffing: present participle and gerund of whiff
renewing: present participle and gerund of renew
smearing: present participle and gerund of smear
trysting: present participle and gerund of tryst
clamping: present participle and gerund of clamp
flailing: present participle and gerund of flail
yodeling: present participle and gerund of yodel
plumping: present participle and gerund of plump
gleeking: present participle and gerund of gleek
steeping: present participle and gerund of steep
chomping: present participle and gerund of chomp
frisking: present participle and gerund of frisk
bedewing: present participle and gerund of bedew
likening: present participle and gerund of liken
shelling: present participle and gerund of shell
flumping: present participle and gerund of flump
debiting: present participle and gerund of debit
grilling: present participle and gerund of grill
swelting: present participle and gerund of swelt
franking: present participle and gerund of frank
mitering: present participle and gerund of miter
stinting: present participle and gerund of stint
clumping: present participle and gerund of clump
joisting: present participle and gerund of joist
egesting: present participle and gerund of egest
leveling: present participle and gerund of level
trumping: present participle and gerund of trump
clomping: present participle and gerund of clomp
swooning: present participle and gerund of swoon
waulking: present participle and gerund of waulk
enmeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enmesh
detassel: To remove the pollen-bearing tassel from (a female maize plant) as part of the hybridization process.
exulting: present participle and gerund of exult
peopling: present participle and gerund of people
promotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of promote
twitched: simple past and past participle of twitch
trolling: present participle and gerund of troll
whacking: present participle and gerund of whack
performs: third-person singular simple present indicative of perform
spalling: present participle and gerund of spall
grumbled: simple past and past participle of grumble
censured: simple past and past participle of censure
outlined: simple past and past participle of outline
fostered: simple past and past participle of foster
equalled: simple past and past participle of equal
notified: simple past and past participle of notify
sketched: simple past and past participle of sketch
narrated: simple past and past participle of narrate
beguiled: simple past and past participle of beguile
smirking: present participle and gerund of smirk
hollowed: simple past and past participle of hollow
perjured: simple past and past participle of perjure
fumbling: present participle and gerund of fumble
brimming: present participle and gerund of brim
inhaling: present participle and gerund of inhale
skipping: present participle and gerund of skip
outraged: simple past and past participle of outrage.
excusing: present participle and gerund of excuse
rippling: present participle and gerund of ripple
skulking: present participle and gerund of skulk
supposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of suppose
foisting: present participle and gerund of foist
draining: present participle and gerund of drain
thatched: simple past and past participle of thatch
spunging: present participle and gerund of spunge
clearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clear
modelled: simple past and past participle of model
reproved: simple past and past participle of reprove
pitching: present participle and gerund of pitch
clutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of clutch
divining: present participle and gerund of divine
grizzled: simple past and past participle of grizzle
striding: present participle and gerund of stride
ripening: present participle and gerund of ripen
saluting: present participle and gerund of salute
strapped: simple past and past participle of strap
revoking: present participle and gerund of revoke
unhinged: simple past and past participle of unhinge
witching: present participle and gerund of witch
drenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of drench
salaried: simple past and past participle of salary
robocall: To make robocalls.
scalding: present participle and gerund of scald
beribbon: to trim with ribbon
occluded: simple past and past participle of occlude
outplant: To surpass in planting
outplant: To plant outdoors (after being reared in a greenhouse etc)
bitching: present participle and gerund of bitch
dragoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of dragoon
flagpole: To exit a country momentarily and reenter, usually in order to satisfy immigration requirements.
bluewash: To use a blue paint or glaze.
bluewash: To tout a business or organization's commitment to social responsibility, and to use this perception for public relations and economic gain; to present a humanitarian front in this manner.
trunking: present participle and gerund of trunk
bevelled: simple past and past participle of bevel
resinify: To convert into a resin.
resinify: To become resinous.
run into: To enter by running.
run into: To collide with.
run into: To cause to collide with.
run into: To unexpectedly encounter or meet someone or something (literally or figuratively).
run into: To reach, to flow into (a body of water).
run into: To blend into; to be followed by or adjacent to without there being a clear boundary.
run into: To cause to blend into.
run into: To reach a large figure.
exorcize: To drive out supposed evil spirits from a person, place or thing, especially by an incantation or prayer.
exorcize: To rid a person, place or thing of an evil spirit.
foliates: third-person singular simple present indicative of foliate
foliated: simple past and past participle of foliate
urinates: third-person singular simple present indicative of urinate
inducted: simple past and past participle of induct
wrestled: simple past and past participle of wrestle
throbbed: simple past and past participle of throb
blunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of blunder
scripted: simple past and past participle of script
gazunder: To reduce the offer price of a property after agreeing to a higher one (normally just before contracts are exchanged)
stratify: To become separated out into distinct layers or strata.
stratify: To separate out into distinct layers or strata.
chorused: simple past and past participle of chorus
anodized: simple past and past participle of anodize
fleecing: present participle and gerund of fleece
prescind: To abstract (from); to dismiss from consideration.
prescind: To pay exclusive attention to.
airbrush: To paint using an airbrush.
airbrush: To touch up or enhance a photograph or person, often with intent to mislead.
airbrush: To edit or alter something in order to make it appear better.
scourged: simple past and past participle of scourge
dwellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dwell
mis-sold: simple past and past participle of mis-sell
dumbsize: To reduce the number of employees in a business without regard to organizational efficiency, such that its operations become unprofitable or inefficient.
fork out: To pay out, to hand over
speakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of speak
bemusing: present participle and gerund of bemuse
cheer on: To cheer and support (a team or individual); to barrack; to root for.
deducing: present participle and gerund of deduce
bedazzle: To confuse or disarm by dazzling.
bedazzle: To decorate with sequins or other sparkly material; to bespangle.
bookkeep: Alternative spelling of book-keep
executes: third-person singular simple present indicative of execute
fettling: present participle and gerund of fettle
vapulate: To flog or whip; to beat or strike.
vapulate: To be flogged, beaten etc.
acts out: third-person singular simple present indicative of act out
coarsens: third-person singular simple present indicative of coarsen
rallying: present participle and gerund of rally
cohering: present participle and gerund of cohere
memorise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of memorize.
convects: third-person singular simple present indicative of convect
burn off: To dissipate as the result of heat.
burn off: To cause to dissipate by applying heat.
burn off: To dispose of (unusable explosive natural gas from an oil well) by burning it as it emerges from the well.
burn off: To fail due to overheating.
burn off: To fill (low-value air time) with programming not suitable for its original purpose.
burn off: To expend energy resulting from metabolizing food.
burn off: To use up a resource in a nonproductive manner.
burn off: Cause to waste energy.
acquires: third-person singular simple present indicative of acquire
numerate: to count
annexing: present participle and gerund of annex
regaling: present participle and gerund of regale
deexcite: To decrease the energy of something
deexcite: To move an atom etc to a lower energy level
do drugs: To abuse an illegal drug or drugs, especially as a result of chemical addiction.
clamored: simple past and past participle of clamor
diagrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of diagram
reworked: simple past and past participle of rework
restruck: simple past of restrike
restruck: past participle of restrike
restrike: To strike again.
restrike: To strike a coin from old dies after the original minting of that coin had ceased.
restrike: To reignite the arc in an arc lamp.
bundling: present participle and gerund of bundle
sculpted: simple past and past participle of sculpt
jonesing: present participle and gerund of jones
goose up: To take steps to make something appear more attractive or compelling.
goose up: To boost or increase something's power (especially an engine).
underuse: to use (something) less than expected
gainsaid: simple past and past participle of gainsay
pommeled: simple past and past participle of pommel
reducted: simple past and past participle of reduct
diverges: third-person singular simple present indicative of diverge
robotize: To give something (or someone) the characteristics of a robot.
robotize: To automate, especially by making use of robots.
pervaded: simple past and past participle of pervade
gunfight: To engage in battle using small arms.
remedied: simple past and past participle of remedy
crap out: To lose a game of craps by rolling a seven.
crap out: To abandon an endeavour or project.
crap out: To fail; to stop working.
crap out: To idle or mess around.
redouble: To double, especially to double again; to increase considerably; to multiply; to intensify.
redouble: To double an opponent's doubling bid.
redouble: To become twice as big.
redouble: To double again what was reduced to a single state.
baffling: present participle and gerund of baffle
admixing: present participle and gerund of admix
scunners: third-person singular simple present indicative of scunner
grown up: past participle of grow up
preening: present participle and gerund of preen
unanchor: To raise an anchor or to free a vessel from an anchor.
unanchor: To liberate.
unanchor: To become loose or physically unattached.
unanchor: To release from a fixed position and allow to be moved.
bad-talk: To disparage something, or to speak maliciously about someone.
enfolded: simple past and past participle of enfold
illustre: To illuminate (something).
illustre: To make (someone) illustrious.
neglects: third-person singular simple present indicative of neglect
improves: third-person singular simple present indicative of improve
amortise: Alternative form of amortize
chuffing: present participle and gerund of chuff
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To shine light on (something).
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To cause (something) to glow or shine with light.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To enlighten (someone) spiritually; to induce (someone) to adopt, or believe in the truth of, a religion, religious tenet, etc.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To cause (the eyes) to see.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To cause (a person or their face) to show enlightenment, happiness, etc.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To enlighten (someone) intellectually.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To decorate (a page of a manuscript book) with ornamental designs.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To become bright; to light up.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: To enlighten intellectually.
illumine: Synonym of illuminate
illumine: Of a person or their face: to show enlightenment, happiness, etc.
subtotal: To calculate a subtotal.
insource: To obtain goods or services by insourcing.
overheat: To heat excessively.
overheat: To become excessively hot.
overheat: To grow too quickly in an uncontrolled way.
novelise: Alternative form of novelize
novelize: To adapt something to a fictional form, especially to adapt into a novel.
novelize: To innovate.
half-ass: To perform a task incompletely or carelessly.
tremored: simple past and past participle of tremor
scything: present participle and gerund of scythe
overpass: To pass above something, as when flying or moving on a higher road.
overpass: To exceed, overstep, or transcend a limit, threshold, or goal.
overpass: To disregard, skip, or miss something.
braising: present participle and gerund of braise
pantsing: present participle and gerund of pants
sojourns: third-person singular simple present indicative of sojourn
singeing: present participle and gerund of singe
bargains: third-person singular simple present indicative of bargain
beehives: third-person singular simple present indicative of beehive
mithered: simple past and past participle of mither
stewards: third-person singular simple present indicative of steward
cruciate: To torture; to torment.
spoilers: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoiler
sextuple: To make, or to become, six times as much (or as many).
niggards: third-person singular simple present indicative of niggard
bolsters: third-person singular simple present indicative of bolster
commends: third-person singular simple present indicative of commend
equalise: Non-Oxford British English standard form of equalize.
reverses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reverse
resinate: To treat a container with resin, e.g. by impregnation in order to impart flavour, typically of wine, and to provide a tighter seal on the container.
briefing: present participle and gerund of brief
mirrours: third-person singular simple present indicative of mirrour
equalize: To make equal; to cause to correspond in amount or degree.
equalize: To be equal to; to equal, to rival.
equalize: To make the scoreline equal by scoring points.
equalize: To clear the ears to balance the pressure in the middle ear with the outside pressure by letting air enter along the Eustachian tubes.
equalize: Said of a morphism: to pre-compose with each of a parallel pair of morphisms so as to yield the same composite morphism.
equalize: To adjust the balance between frequency components within an electronic signal.
glaciate: To cover with ice or a glacier
glaciate: To erode with a glacier
glaciate: To freeze
clotting: present participle and gerund of clot
frontin': Alternative form of fronting; present participle of front
plodding: present participle and gerund of plod
babymoon: To travel on or spend a babymoon.
scrammed: simple past and past participle of scram
scampers: third-person singular simple present indicative of scamper
placated: simple past and past participle of placate
placates: third-person singular simple present indicative of placate
derailed: simple past and past participle of derail
assesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of assess
assessed: simple past and past participle of assess
quenelle: To form a quenelle.
inchworm: To move in a looping fashion, like an inchworm.
inchworm: To crawl or creep slowly.
necroses: third-person singular simple present indicative of necrose
slumbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slumber
stirs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of stir up
nucleate: To form (into) a nucleus, or to act as a nucleus.
sublease: Synonym of sublet.
bettered: simple past and past participle of better
isolates: third-person singular simple present indicative of isolate
floodlit: simple past and past participle of floodlight
breasted: simple past and past participle of breast
campuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of campus
previews: third-person singular simple present indicative of preview
sizzling: present participle and gerund of sizzle
conching: present participle and gerund of conch
maddened: simple past and past participle of madden
broached: simple past and past participle of broach
dwindled: simple past and past participle of dwindle
furrowed: simple past and past participle of furrow
sneaking: present participle and gerund of sneak
bulwarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bulwark
snarling: present participle and gerund of snarl
dissever: To separate; to split apart.
dissever: To divide into separate parts.
predates: third-person singular simple present indicative of predate
mumbling: present participle and gerund of mumble
dawdling: present participle and gerund of dawdle
canoodle: To caress, pet, feel up, or make love.
canoodle: To cajole or persuade.
deselect: To not select; to rule out of selection.
deselect: To reject (an incumbent) as a party's candidate for a forthcoming election.
deselect: To remove from an existing selection.
fragging: present participle and gerund of frag
biopsies: third-person singular simple present indicative of biopsy
imbedded: simple past and past participle of imbed
extorted: simple past and past participle of extort
aligning: present participle and gerund of align
disrupts: third-person singular simple present indicative of disrupt
greasing: present participle and gerund of grease
exhausts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exhaust
gimmicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gimmick
realizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of realize
complect: To join by weaving.
complect: To embrace.
watusied: simple past and past participle of watusi
jiggling: present participle and gerund of jiggle
scrapple: To scrape or grub around.
scrapple: Alternative form of scapple
bluffing: present participle and gerund of bluff
flinting: present participle and gerund of flint
discolor: To change or lose color.
weekends: third-person singular simple present indicative of weekend
zone out: To stop paying attention and think about something else, or to think about nothing
spoiling: present participle and gerund of spoil
clashing: present participle and gerund of clash
freshens: third-person singular simple present indicative of freshen
garaging: present participle and gerund of garage
snooping: present participle and gerund of snoop
poniards: third-person singular simple present indicative of poniard
grabbing: present participle and gerund of grab
revolved: simple past and past participle of revolve
toweling: present participle and gerund of towel
surtitle: To provide surtitles for a performance.
towelled: simple past and past participle of towel
divvying: present participle and gerund of divvy
slagging: present participle and gerund of slag
serviced: simple past and past participle of service
phase in: To introduce (something) little by little, either via discrete phases of increase or (by extension) by continuous gradations; to introduce in phases, or as if by phases (gradually); to begin (something) gradually.
misfired: simple past and past participle of misfire
bethroth: Misspelling of betroth.
misfires: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfire
bungling: present participle and gerund of bungle
eisegete: To place meaning on a text which is not originally or inherently present in the text itself
strafing: present participle and gerund of strafe
preëmpts: third-person singular simple present indicative of preëmpt
slanders: third-person singular simple present indicative of slander
pillaged: simple past and past participle of pillage
megadose: To dose (a patient) with a very large amount of a drug.
megadose: To dose with a very large amount of (a drug).
cadenced: simple past and past participle of cadence
throated: simple past and past participle of throat
asswages: third-person singular simple present indicative of asswage
clonking: present participle and gerund of clonk
asswaged: simple past and past participle of asswage
gunkhole: To cruise in shallow coastal waters, spending the nights in gunkholes.
bombards: third-person singular simple present indicative of bombard
camisole: To straitjacket.
turtling: present participle and gerund of turtle
clopping: present participle and gerund of clop
plaguing: present participle and gerund of plague
recessed: simple past and past participle of recess
relaying: present participle and gerund of relay
stiletto: To attack or kill with a stiletto (dagger).
mainline: To inject (a drug) directly into a vein.
mainline: To consume voraciously.
mainline: To integrate (code, etc.) into the main repository for a software project, rather than separate forks.
sharking: present participle and gerund of shark
jouncing: present participle and gerund of jounce
stargaze: To look at the stars at night.
stargaze: To gaze engrossed with emotion or contemplatively.
debounce: To remove the small ripple of current that forms when a mechanical switch is pushed in an electrical circuit and makes a series of short contacts.
debounce: To discard events or signals that should not be processed because they occurred too close together.
grousing: present participle and gerund of grouse
switched: simple past and past participle of switch
coattail: To ride the coattails of.
spending: present participle and gerund of spend
overtone: To give an overtone to.
deadlink: To cause an exiting hypertext link to no longer function properly, or to add a link incorrectly.
canalize: US and Non-Oxford British English spelling of canalise
canopied: simple past and past participle of canopy
canalise: To convert (a river or other waterway) into a canal.
canalise: To build a canal through.
canalise: To channel the flow of.
banalize: To make banal or commonplace.
alleging: present participle and gerund of allege
burgling: present participle and gerund of burgle
glissade: To perform a glissade.
educated: simple past and past participle of educate
send out: To issue, dispatch or transmit.
soothest: second-person singular simple present indicative of soothe
sobering: present participle and gerund of sober
squeezed: simple past and past participle of squeeze
give ear: To listen: to devote one's attention to an auditory event.
annulled: simple past and past participle of annul
wardrive: To participate in wardriving.
overload: To load excessively.
overload: To provide too much power to a circuit.
overload: To create different functions for the same name, to be used in different contexts.
overload: To fail due to excessive load.
pervades: third-person singular simple present indicative of pervade
vanishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vanish
overland: to transport (especially sheep or other farm animals) over land
overland: to travel across land
overland: to go on a recreational expedition to a remote destination, often with the aid of an off-road vehicle
backflip: To perform a backflip (rotation of body).
backflip: To completely reverse a policy or opinion; perform a U-turn.
rounding: present participle and gerund of round
imagines: third-person singular simple present indicative of imagine
slimming: present participle and gerund of slim
clamours: third-person singular simple present indicative of clamour
ferrules: third-person singular simple present indicative of ferrule
guerdons: third-person singular simple present indicative of guerdon
shudders: third-person singular simple present indicative of shudder
assegais: third-person singular simple present indicative of assegai
timeouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of timeout
rowboats: third-person singular simple present indicative of rowboat
topcoats: third-person singular simple present indicative of topcoat
cascades: third-person singular simple present indicative of cascade
catcalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of catcall
bobsleds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bobsled
nutpicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nutpick
murthers: third-person singular simple present indicative of murther
handwave: To explain something superficially, skipping over important details, perhaps appealing to intuition instead.
preforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of preform
outspend: To spend more than some limit or than another entity.
outspent: simple past and past participle of outspend
whizzing: present participle and gerund of whiz
whizzing: present participle and gerund of whizz
snecking: present participle and gerund of sneck
rigorize: To make rigorous; for example, to add further detail or elaborate on a proof or demonstration.
steading: present participle and gerund of stead
reflexed: simple past and past participle of reflex
overlord: To rule over; to domineer.
undertow: To pull or tow under; drag beneath; pull down.
undertow: To pull down by, or as by, an undertow.
undertow: To flow or behave as an undertow.
strutted: simple past and past participle of strut
spatting: present participle and gerund of spat
berating: present participle and gerund of berate
stir fry: Alternative spelling of stir-fry
mete out: To distribute something in portions; to apportion or dole out.
anticked: simple past and past participle of antic
denoting: present participle and gerund of denote
tap into: To establish a connection with (something), especially in order to take advantage.
tap into: To access (a resource or object).
swilling: present participle and gerund of swill
ravelled: simple past and past participle of ravel
showboat: To show off.
leavened: simple past and past participle of leaven
monotype: To produce a monotype of.
save vs.: In certain games, to successfully guard against a particular danger.
wouldest: Alternative spelling of wouldst
reawaken: To wake after an extended period of sleep.
reawaken: To reactivate or reanimate.
check in: To announce or record one's own arrival at a hotel, airport etc.
check in: To verify a person's information and record their arrival, such as at a hotel, airport, etc.
check in: To contact another person in order to keep the other person informed of one's situation.
check in: To return (a book to a library, source code to a repository, etc.).
check in: To visit in order to see how someone is doing.
check in: To enter solitary confinement at one's own request for protection from other prisoners.
check in: To send somebody to solitary confinement; to make somebody be admitted to solitary confinement.
check in: To integrate new revisions into the public or master version of a file in a version control system.
potlucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of potluck
twinkled: simple past and past participle of twinkle
inspirit: To strengthen or hearten; give impetus or vigour.
inspirit: To fill or imbue with spirit.
plasters: third-person singular simple present indicative of plaster
diddling: present participle and gerund of diddle
censored: simple past and past participle of censor
cankered: simple past and past participle of canker
billhook: To use a billhook
snogging: present participle and gerund of snog
dialling: present participle and gerund of dial
espoused: simple past and past participle of espouse
relapsed: simple past and past participle of relapse
re-speak: Alternative spelling of respeak (“speak back, echo”)
get back: Return to where one came from.
get back: To retrieve, to have an item returned.
get back: To do something to hurt or harm someone who has hurt or harmed one; to take revenge.
assfucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of assfuck
traduced: simple past and past participle of traduce
sloshing: present participle and gerund of slosh
pfaffing: present participle and gerund of pfaff
timecode: To mark with time codes.
outscore: To score more than.
outfight: To fight or battle better than.
pigments: third-person singular simple present indicative of pigment
provokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of provoke
apparels: third-person singular simple present indicative of apparel
pinioned: simple past and past participle of pinion
tressing: present participle and gerund of tress
sledding: present participle and gerund of sled
skimming: present participle and gerund of skim
poleaxed: simple past and past participle of poleaxe
coauthor: To write something in collaboration with another author.
pestling: present participle and gerund of pestle
devilize: To represent as a devil.
signaled: simple past and past participle of signal
get life: To receive a life sentence.
upbraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbraid
inflects: third-person singular simple present indicative of inflect
inveighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of inveigh
applauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of applaud
sharpens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sharpen
provosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of provost
bassoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of bassoon
desponds: third-person singular simple present indicative of despond
imperils: third-person singular simple present indicative of imperil
adhibits: third-person singular simple present indicative of adhibit
cheapens: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheapen
beclouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of becloud
distills: third-person singular simple present indicative of distill
mandates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mandate
untwists: third-person singular simple present indicative of untwist
pinfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of pinfold
preheats: third-person singular simple present indicative of preheat
schlepps: third-person singular simple present indicative of schlepp
moulders: third-person singular simple present indicative of moulder
adulters: third-person singular simple present indicative of adulter
high-hat: To snub or treat condescendingly.
smocking: present participle and gerund of smock
mindwipe: To erase the memories and personality, while still leaving an intact, living brain and body. This is frequently portrayed as a form of capital punishment, which leaves a viable body into which a different personality or mind can be uploaded.
benaming: present participle and gerund of bename
roleplay: To act out a scenario or fantasy with another person or other people.
roleplay: To act as a character as part of a fantasy, especially with a group.
overtire: To tire excessively.
overtire: To become excessively tired.
pampered: simple past and past participle of pamper
pacifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of pacify
packaged: simple past and past participle of package
parading: present participle and gerund of parade
whishing: present participle and gerund of whish
partying: present participle and gerund of party
valuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of valuate
deriving: present participle and gerund of derive
redesign: To lay out or plan a new version of something previously laid out or planned.
stave in: To stave from the outside, to crush inward, to cause to collapse inward.
devolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of devolve
evolving: present participle and gerund of evolve
excludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of exclude
reprints: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprint
grammars: third-person singular simple present indicative of grammar
utilized: simple past and past participle of utilize
punching: present participle and gerund of punch
surnamed: simple past and past participle of surname
windowed: simple past and past participle of window
circuits: third-person singular simple present indicative of circuit
ambushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ambush
upgraded: simple past and past participle of upgrade
boogaloo: To dance in this style.
triggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of trigger
collared: simple past and past participle of collar
flatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of flatter
wintered: simple past and past participle of winter
bartered: simple past and past participle of barter
mangling: present participle and gerund of mangle
bucketed: simple past and past participle of bucket
bullwhip: To beat with a bullwhip.
penciled: simple past and past participle of pencil
verbaled: simple past and past participle of verbal
falconed: simple past and past participle of falcon
reformat: To format anew or again, generally erasing a previous format.
ribboned: simple past and past participle of ribbon
fathomed: simple past and past participle of fathom
mildewed: simple past and past participle of mildew
tartaned: simple past and past participle of tartan
quailing: present participle and gerund of quail
schooled: simple past and past participle of school
cemented: simple past and past participle of cement
corseted: simple past and past participle of corset
wreaking: present participle and gerund of wreak
tensored: simple past and past participle of tensor
mirrored: simple past and past participle of mirror
gendered: simple past and past participle of gender (“assign gender to”)
gendered: simple past and past participle of gender (“engender”)
belching: present participle and gerund of belch
toasting: present participle and gerund of toast
Hoovered: simple past and past participle of Hoover
flacking: present participle and gerund of flack
bemoaned: simple past and past participle of bemoan
dissects: third-person singular simple present indicative of dissect
scorning: present participle and gerund of scorn
mellowed: simple past and past participle of mellow
clanging: present participle and gerund of clang
customed: simple past and past participle of custom
debunked: simple past and past participle of debunk
polkaing: present participle and gerund of polka
spooring: present participle and gerund of spoor
mongered: simple past and past participle of monger
blunting: present participle and gerund of blunt
hazarded: simple past and past participle of hazard
capering: present participle and gerund of caper
snarfing: present participle and gerund of snarf
debuting: present participle and gerund of debut
flecking: present participle and gerund of fleck
untaring: present participle and gerund of untar
crayoned: simple past and past participle of crayon
japaning: present participle and gerund of japan
tampered: simple past and past participle of tamper
bricking: present participle and gerund of brick
brawning: present participle and gerund of brawn
shafting: present participle and gerund of shaft
skewered: simple past and past participle of skewer
chamfers: third-person singular simple present indicative of chamfer
earmarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of earmark
cowering: present participle and gerund of cower
battened: simple past and past participle of batten
beseemed: simple past and past participle of beseem
assoiled: simple past and past participle of assoil
eructing: present participle and gerund of eruct
plateaus: third-person singular simple present indicative of plateau
hunching: present participle and gerund of hunch
spearing: present participle and gerund of spear
glarking: present participle and gerund of glark
resealed: simple past and past participle of reseal
wizening: present participle and gerund of wizen
unhooked: simple past and past participle of unhook
reheated: simple past and past participle of reheat
incepted: simple past and past participle of incept
ensealed: simple past and past participle of enseal
renailed: simple past and past participle of renail
scuffing: present participle and gerund of scuff
neatened: simple past and past participle of neaten
dethawed: simple past and past participle of dethaw
scrolled: simple past and past participle of scroll
unsealed: simple past and past participle of unseal
besnowed: simple past and past participle of besnow
picketed: simple past and past participle of picket
thirling: present participle and gerund of thirl
riveting: present participle and gerund of rivet
uncuffed: simple past and past participle of uncuff
stilling: present participle and gerund of still
overacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of overact
footslog: to walk heavily over a long distance or in a weary manner; to trudge
labeling: present participle and gerund of label
penalise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of penalize.
hear out: To listen to someone until that person has finished speaking; to thoroughly consider all aspects of someone's argument.
ululated: simple past and past participle of ululate
convolve: To roll together, or one part on another
convolve: To form the convolution of something with something else
convolve: To compute the convolution function
pledging: present participle and gerund of pledge
reoffend: To offend again; especially after receiving punishment or treatment
pleating: present participle and gerund of pleat
ramified: simple past and past participle of ramify
runs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of run out
policing: present participle and gerund of police
ruffling: present participle and gerund of ruffle
ruptures: third-person singular simple present indicative of rupture
name for: To intentionally give someone the same name or a derivation of the same name as another person, place, or thing.
ruptured: simple past and past participle of rupture
intermit: To interrupt, to stop or cease temporarily or periodically; to suspend.
overarch: To form an arch over something.
reacting: present participle and gerund of react
cartoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of cartoon
contexts: third-person singular simple present indicative of context
depilate: To remove hair from the body.
canaries: third-person singular simple present indicative of canary
gleaning: present participle and gerund of glean
make way: To make progress.
make way: To progress through the water.
make way: To give place or step aside.
migrated: simple past and past participle of migrate
fireline: To create a firebreak.
survives: third-person singular simple present indicative of survive
crinkled: simple past and past participle of crinkle
lightest: second-person singular simple present indicative of light
crosscut: To cut across something.
crosscut: To cut across something.
crosscut: To cut (wood, lumber) across the grain.
crosscut: To cut repeatedly between two concurrent scenes.
crosscut: To affect several modules of a program, without the possibility of being encapsulated in any one of them. See Cross-cutting concern.
bauffing: present participle and gerund of bauf
curlicue: To make or adorn (something) with curlicues, or as if with curlicues.
re-shoot: Alternative form of reshoot
barreled: simple past and past participle of barrel
bottomed: simple past and past participle of bottom
quashing: present participle and gerund of quash
stitched: simple past and past participle of stitch
divinise: Alternative spelling of divinize
divinize: To make divine; to make godlike.
fourpeat: To win something four times consecutively.
befogged: simple past and past participle of befog
brandies: third-person singular simple present indicative of brandy
daunting: present participle and gerund of daunt
blow-dry: To dry with a hair dryer
diluting: present participle and gerund of dilute
freeball: To wear no underwear under one's outer clothing.
freeball: To improvise; to act without a set plan.
freeball: To make a freeball shot.
recoiled: past participle of recoil
marshals: third-person singular simple present indicative of marshal
cameltoe: To wear a piece of clothing such that the outline of the labia is visible.
wantoned: simple past and past participle of wanton
ligating: present participle and gerund of ligate
imbibing: present participle and gerund of imbibe
conduced: simple past and past participle of conduce
classing: present participle and gerund of class
birdcall: To imitate the cry of a bird.
igniting: present participle and gerund of ignite
conduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of conduce
shagging: present participle and gerund of shag
cuddling: present participle and gerund of cuddle
gobbling: present participle and gerund of gobble
lick out: To perform cunnilingus on.
bespoken: past participle of bespeak
benumbed: simple past and past participle of benumb
clinking: present participle and gerund of clink
enthuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of enthuse
queueing: present participle and gerund of queue
clogging: present participle and gerund of clog
brunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of brunch
cremated: simple past and past participle of cremate
enthused: past participle of enthuse
factored: simple past and past participle of factor
cuckooed: simple past and past participle of cuckoo
launders: third-person singular simple present indicative of launder
averting: present participle and gerund of avert
spawning: present participle and gerund of spawn
sprained: simple past and past participle of sprain
cautions: third-person singular simple present indicative of caution
auditing: present participle and gerund of audit
clutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of clutter
forbears: third-person singular simple present indicative of forbear
butlered: simple past and past participle of butler
deigning: present participle and gerund of deign
repapers: third-person singular simple present indicative of repaper
slalomed: simple past and past participle of slalom
cocooned: simple past and past participle of cocoon
redounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of redound
siphoned: simple past and past participle of siphon
footered: simple past and past participle of footer
dithered: simple past and past participle of dither
hitching: present participle and gerund of hitch
cadences: third-person singular simple present indicative of cadence (verb)
outlasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlast
chuseing: present participle and gerund of chuse
reenacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reenact
cosigned: simple past and past participle of cosign
unchecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncheck
severest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sever
fancying: present participle and gerund of fancy
muddling: present participle and gerund of muddle
affronts: third-person singular simple present indicative of affront
inhabits: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhabit
minimise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of minimize.
blearing: present participle and gerund of blear
astonied: simple past and past participle of astony
discords: third-person singular simple present indicative of discord
keyholes: third-person singular simple present indicative of keyhole
pulsated: simple past and past participle of pulsate
grappled: simple past and past participle of grapple
bestrewn: past participle of bestrew
corroded: simple past and past participle of corrode
dogeared: simple past and past participle of dogear
divulged: past participle of divulge
divulges: third-person singular simple present indicative of divulge
grimaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of grimace
adjudged: simple past and past participle of adjudge
shitlist: To place on a shitlist.
blinkers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blinker
cash out: To reconcile at the end of a shift; to compare receipts of items sold to records of credit card, check and cash placed into the drawer, verifying that correct change was given out by the clerk.
cash out: To retire; to exchange gambling chips for money when finished gambling.
cash out: To exchange possession of any commodity or idea for cash.
cash out: To explain what is entailed by an idea or proposition.
unpeeled: simple past and past participle of unpeel
put back: To return something to its original place.
put back: To turn back; to return.
put back: To postpone an arranged event or appointment.
put back: To drink fast; to knock down alcohol.
put back: To change the time in a time zone to an earlier time.
bumbling: present participle and gerund of bumble
uncocked: simple past and past participle of uncock
uncombed: simple past and past participle of uncomb
broiling: present participle and gerund of broil
braiding: present participle and gerund of braid
buffered: simple past and past participle of buffer
undusted: simple past and past participle of undust
dallying: present participle and gerund of dally
polishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of polish
unshaken: past participle of unshake
unhealed: simple past and past participle of unheal
cicerone: To show (somebody) the sights, acting as a tourist guide.
Jew down: Alternative spelling of jew down
appanage: Alternative form of apanage
entrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of entrain
broasted: simple past and past participle of broast
buck for: To strive for persistently; to try hard to obtain (a promotion, raise, etc.).
splutter: To forcefully emit (something), especially in small drops or particles; to sputter.
splutter: To soil or sprinkle (someone or something) with a substance, often a liquid; to bespatter, to spatter.
splutter: To direct angry words, criticism, insults, etc., at (someone or something).
splutter: Sometimes followed by out: to speak (words) hurriedly, and confusedly or unclearly.
splutter: Of a thing: to forcefully emit something, especially in small drops or particles.
splutter: Of a thing: to forcefully emit something, especially in small drops or particles.
splutter: To spray droplets of saliva from the mouth while eating or speaking.
splutter: Of a substance: to be emitted forcefully in small drops or particles.
splutter: To make a sound or sounds of something forcefully emitting a substance in small drops or particles.
splutter: Followed by out: to go out (as a flame) or stop functioning (as an engine or machine) with a spluttering action or sound (senses 2.1 or 2.3).
splutter: To speak hurriedly, and confusedly or unclearly.
splutter: To perform in an inconsistent manner to a substandard level.
laicized: simple past and past participle of laicize
regrinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrind
reground: simple past and past participle of regrind
reground: To ground again.
puddling: present participle and gerund of puddle
outfaced: simple past and past participle of outface
overcook: To cook for too long or at too high a temperature.
overcook: To do something to excess; to overdo.
unloving: present participle and gerund of unlove
jew down: To bargain or haggle with a seller in order to obtain a lower price for a good or service.
fridging: present participle and gerund of fridge
teed off: simple past and past participle of tee off)
chunking: present participle and gerund of chunk
shagreen: To give a texture resembling shagreen leather.
bridging: present participle and gerund of bridge
parroted: simple past and past participle of parrot
peed off: simple past and past participle of pee off
depurate: To remove impurities from; to purify.
depurate: To make impure.
crapping: present participle and gerund of crap
clock up: To accumulate (an amount of time or experience).
clock up: To cover (a distance) over time.
regiving: present participle and gerund of regive
give off: To emit; to produce and send forth; to come across in some manner.
encipher: To convert plain text into cipher; to encrypt
read out: To read something and say the words to inform other people.
read out: (of a device) To read some data and inform the person using the device.
read out: To interpret a part of a law so that it is not struck down but is rendered of no effect or applicability.
pinwheel: To spin.
bullyrag: To harass, badger, taunt, or abuse verbally.
enshroud: to cover with (or as if with) a shroud
striping: present participle and gerund of stripe
emplaced: simple past and past participle of emplace
ensilage: To preserve in a silo.
bed down: To lie down to sleep for the night, usually of livestock or machinery, or of people when sleeping somewhere worse than normal, often camping or in prison.
bed down: To put an animal to rest for the night.
bed down: To sleep with or sleep alongside (a person or pet).
bed down: To become permanent, fixed or embedded to a particular setup, way of thinking, style or manner.
eventing: present participle and gerund of event
sparging: present participle and gerund of sparge
justifie: Obsolete spelling of justify
oxtercog: To carry (a person) by supporting them under the armpits
swatches: third-person singular simple present indicative of swatch
memorate: to commemorate
memorate: to memorize
digitate: To point out as with the finger.
digitate: To spread out from a common point in a finger-like manner.
selvedge: Alternative spelling of selvage
slamming: present participle and gerund of slam
grudging: present participle and gerund of grudge
squashed: simple past and past participle of squash
made out: simple past and past participle of make out
sheeting: present participle and gerund of sheet
drawbore: To make a drawbore in.
drawbore: To enlarge the bore of a gun barrel by drawing, instead of thrusting, a revolving tool through it.
drawling: present participle and gerund of drawl
sorrowed: simple past and past participle of sorrow
rerecord: Alternative spelling of re-record
adjugate: To yoke an animal to something
nightcap: To drink an alcoholic beverage shortly before retiring to bed.
straiten: To make strait; to narrow or confine to a smaller space.
straiten: To restrict or diminish, especially financially.
straiten: Misspelling of straighten.
studding: present participle and gerund of stud
submerse: To submerge.
fagoting: present participle and gerund of fagot
bandying: present participle and gerund of bandy
crowbars: third-person singular simple present indicative of crowbar
outargue: To argue better than; to defeat in argument.
loyalize: To make (someone) loyal to a cause.
typified: simple past and past participle of typify
landmine: To sow (an area) with land mines.
typifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of typify
turns up: third-person singular simple present indicative of turn up
flimflam: To swindle or cheat.
piffling: present participle and gerund of piffle
foreknow: To have knowledge of beforehand.
flowered: simple past and past participle of flower
unbeseem: To be unseemly or unsuitable for.
shows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of show up
flypaper: To cause something to become stuck with, or as if with, flypaper.
flatfoot: To walk around in the course of work, especially when investigating.
flatfoot: To dance in the style of Appalachian clogging.
flatfoot: To gulp an entire drink (bottle, glass, can, etc.) without pausing between swallows.
flatfoot: To perform an action inefficiently or awkwardly.
flatfoot: To wrong-foot.
shrivels: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrivel
archaize: To give an archaic quality or character to; make archaic, to suggest the past.
archaize: To speak, write, etc. in an archaic manner.
reworded: past participle of reword
utilizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of utilize
monetise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of monetize.
pops off: third-person singular simple present indicative of pop off
shoot up: To grow taller or larger rapidly.
shoot up: To fire many bullets or shells at.
shoot up: To use up [ammunition] by shooting it.
shoot up: To inject (a drug) intravenously.
shoot up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see shoot, up.
pops out: third-person singular simple present indicative of pop out
pegylate: Alternative form of PEGylate
monetize: To convert something (especially a security) into currency.
monetize: To mint money.
monetize: To establish a currency as legal tender.
monetize: To make an activity profit-generating, particularly in computer and Internet-related activities.
chinking: present participle and gerund of chink
scurried: simple past and past participle of scurry
synapsed: simple past and past participle of synapse
trouping: present participle and gerund of troupe
puts out: third-person singular simple present indicative of put out
unearths: third-person singular simple present indicative of unearth
mandamus: To serve a writ of this kind upon.
gatefold: To fold in this manner.
surprize: Alternative spelling of surprise
glomping: present participle and gerund of glomp
comes on: third-person singular simple present indicative of come on
came out: simple past of come out
comes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of come up
bespeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespeak
exempted: simple past and past participle of exempt
tape off: To cordon; to separate from the surroundings using tape or similar material.
reopened: past participle of reopen
fidgeted: past participle of fidget
insuring: present participle and gerund of insure
munching: present participle and gerund of munch
warbling: present participle and gerund of warble
averaged: simple past and past participle of average
unmuzzle: To remove a muzzle from.
restring: To string again.
lectured: simple past and past participle of lecture
despises: third-person singular simple present indicative of despise
resurvey: To survey again; to perform another survey on.
underfed: simple past and past participle of underfeed
unfilled: simple past and past participle of unfill
forborne: past participle of forbear
foreknew: simple past and past participle of foreknow
vibrated: simple past and past participle of vibrate
unstring: To remove the string or strings from.
unstring: To shake the nerves of; to cause anxiety or panic in.
unstring: To defuse or relax.
unstring: To remove from a string; to release something that has been strung up or strung together.
unstring: To untie.
unstring: To split (a text string) into smaller strings by separating on a delimiter.
vibrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vibrate
purveyed: simple past and past participle of purvey
foredoom: To predestine to a doom.
hearsing: present participle and gerund of hearse
drabbing: present participle and gerund of drab
titrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of titrate
cube out: To reach the volume limit of a container.
blabbing: present participle and gerund of blab
cuts off: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut off
cuts out: third-person singular simple present indicative of cut out
misleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislead
misgives: third-person singular simple present indicative of misgive
sets off: third-person singular simple present indicative of set off
misgiven: past participle of misgive
sets out: third-person singular simple present indicative of set out
egresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of egress
egressed: simple past and past participle of egress
forgives: third-person singular simple present indicative of forgive
overcrow: To take over.
overcrow: To crow over, as in triumph.
betaking: present participle and gerund of betake
deplanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deplane
deplaned: simple past and past participle of deplane
unsphere: To remove from a sphere, as in celestial bodies; to remove from the heavens.
forswore: simple past of foreswear
bleating: present participle and gerund of bleat
croaking: present participle and gerund of croak
flatbeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of flatbed
outdrink: To drink more than (someone else).
retching: present participle and gerund of retch
inlining: present participle and gerund of inline
fourfold: To increase to four times as much; to multiply by four.
outdrank: simple past of outdrink
liaising: present participle and gerund of liaise
shambled: simple past and past participle of shamble
tasseled: simple past and past participle of tassel
cognized: simple past and past participle of cognize
colluded: simple past and past participle of collude
convoked: simple past and past participle of convoke
connived: simple past and past participle of connive
electing: present participle and gerund of elect
co-exist: Alternative spelling of coexist
convoyed: simple past and past participle of convoy
competed: simple past and past participle of compete
pass off: To happen.
pass off: To give something (to someone).
pass off: To abate, to cease gradually.
glassing: present participle and gerund of glass
corraled: simple past and past participle of corral
demeaned: simple past and past participle of demean
dubitate: to doubt
dryclean: Alternative spelling of dry clean
disleave: Alternative spelling of disleaf
sedating: present participle and gerund of sedate
outplays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outplay
lipreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of lipread
confutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of confute
confuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of confuse
confuted: simple past and past participle of confute
rehammer: To hammer again.
prowling: present participle and gerund of prowl
banishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of banish
rainbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of rainbow
vouching: present participle and gerund of vouch
apprised: simple past and past participle of apprise
expunged: simple past and past participle of expunge
ushering: present participle and gerund of usher
elevates: third-person singular simple present indicative of elevate
fixating: present participle and gerund of fixate
uprooted: simple past and past participle of uproot
fluffing: present participle and gerund of fluff
delirate: To madden; to rave.
coddling: present participle and gerund of coddle
primping: present participle and gerund of primp
rebounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebound
rewrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewrite
snuggled: simple past and past participle of snuggle
slinking: present participle and gerund of slink
snuggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snuggle
savoring: present participle and gerund of savor
denotate: To mark off; to denote.
derivate: To derive.
prestate: To take responsibility for
opiniate: To hold or maintain persistently.
poke fun: To subject someone to laughter or ridicule.
blurring: present participle and gerund of blur
sends up: third-person singular simple present indicative of send up
revenged: simple past and past participle of revenge
squatted: simple past and past participle of squat
recurred: simple past and past participle of recur
adorning: present participle and gerund of adorn
smuggled: simple past and past participle of smuggle
screened: simple past and past participle of screen
occupate: To occupy.
denudate: To denude.
quickens: third-person singular simple present indicative of quicken
blows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of blow up
blown up: past participle of blow up
seminate: To sow; to spread; to propagate.
colorate: To apply color to something; to make colorful.
paneling: Alternative spelling of panelling
cumulate: To accumulate; to amass.
cumulate: To be accumulated.
diverged: simple past and past participle of diverge
sheathed: simple past and past participle of sheath
demoting: present participle and gerund of demote
cloud up: To become cloudy or overcast.
cloud up: To become cloudy or clouded.
cloud up: To become blank or confused due to shock or trauma.
cloud up: To form a cloud (as in a dust cloud)
engraven: past participle of engrave
engraven: Engrave.
cringing: present participle and gerund of cringe
abjudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of abjudge
abjudged: simple past and past participle of abjudge
endorsed: simple past and past participle of endorse
revocate: To recall (troops, objects, etc)
revocate: To revoke (a person's probation / extended supervision / parole status in the criminal justice context) ex. "My P.O. wants to revocate me" meaning "My probation officer wants to revoke my probation/extended supervision/parole"
brick up: To block or cover using bricks.
brick up: To trap or seal in a closed space using bricks.
brick up: To cause (someone) to have an erection.
slitting: present participle and gerund of slit
erecting: present participle and gerund of erect
retraced: simple past and past participle of retrace
devolved: simple past and past participle of devolve
muck out: To clean the excrement and other rubbish from the area where an animal is kept, such as a horse stable or a dog kennel.
encolden: Render cold; chill.
enfasten: To fasten, to bind tightly.
frazzled: simple past and past participle of frazzle
greatens: third-person singular simple present indicative of greaten
mildened: simple past and past participle of milden
endarken: To render dark or darker.
endarken: To becloud, obscure, to obfuscate; to confound.
enlessen: to belittle, to denigrate; to weaken; to lessen.
engolden: To render golden.
engolden: To improve; to ameliorate.
enharden: To harden; to render hard.
enharden: To fortify against adversity.
enripens: third-person singular simple present indicative of enripen
enwisens: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwisen
enwidens: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwiden
richened: simple past and past participle of richen
enrichen: To enrich; to make richer.
graining: present participle and gerund of grain
soughten: past of seek
soughten: past participle of seek
taughten: To tighten; increase in intensity; to become taught.
taughten: past participle of teach
caughten: past participle of catch
relished: simple past and past participle of relish
defusing: present participle and gerund of defuse
wack out: to become deranged
allegate: To make an allegation of; to allege.
allegate: To delegate.
freebase: To purify a drug by crystallization.
freebase: To use a purified drug, especially cocaine, by heating it and inhaling the fumes produced.
antecede: To go before; to precede.
antecede: To predate or antedate.
shack up: To live together, especially of an unmarried couple.
frostbit: simple past of frostbite
freehand: To conduct a procedure involving use of the hands without any helping device or guide.
freeload: To live off the generosity or hospitality of others
ybrought: past participle of bring
impedite: To impede.
maturate: To bring to ripeness or maturity; to ripen.
maturate: To promote the perfect suppuration of (an abscess).
maturate: To undergo perfect suppuration.
deadpans: third-person singular simple present indicative of deadpan
prejudge: To form a judgment of (something) in advance.
superate: To rise above; to overtop; to cover.
superate: To outdo; to surpass; to exceed.
superate: To overcome; to conquer.
superate: To cross; to surmount; to get over.
superate: To overtake.
nutriate: To supply with nutrients.
synching: present participle and gerund of synch
stacking: present participle and gerund of stack
decouple: To unlink; to take or come apart.
decouple: To muffle the seismic waves of (a nuclear explosion) by performing it underground.
trundled: simple past and past participle of trundle
outcaste: To expel from a caste.
trundles: third-person singular simple present indicative of trundle
misapply: To apply incorrectly; to misuse.
stump up: To pay for something, often with reluctance.
squished: simple past and past participle of squish
thickens: third-person singular simple present indicative of thicken
reabsorb: To absorb again.
rethatch: To thatch again, especially something that has previously been thatched.
recommit: commit again
reassign: To assign again or anew.
reassign: To transfer back what was previously assigned.
rearrest: To arrest again.
reinsert: To insert again.
reascend: To ascend again.
reattain: to attain again
readjust: To adjust again.
reassert: assert again
refasten: fasten again
reembark: embark again
redeploy: To deploy again.
redeploy: To rearrange (military forces).
reemploy: To employ again.
reembody: To embody again.
regather: gather again, gather back together
reignite: ignite again
reignite: to start again, especially animosity or argument
reinfect: infect again
reinvest: To invest again, give another investment.
re-occur: Alternative spelling of reoccur
reimpose: To impose again, a further time.
restitch: To stitch again, apply new stitching to.
resupply: To supply again.
resupply: To stock up on supplies again.
lash out: To make a sudden violent attack.
lash out: To make a fierce verbal attack.
lash out: To splash out (spend a lot of money)
sufflate: To inflate; to blow up.
corrodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of corrode
deadlift: To lift a barbell while moving the body from a bent-over position to a standing position.
damp-dry: To dry something until it is only damp.
coaching: present participle and gerund of coach
præclude: Obsolete spelling of preclude
reissued: simple past and past participle of reissue
pronking: present participle and gerund of pronk
reissues: third-person singular simple present indicative of reissue
outplace: To terminate a person's employment, but help the former employee to obtain another post.
outplace: To move to a new location; displace; remove; oust.
outshout: To shout louder or longer than.
outshout: To gain more attention than.
outpoint: To score more points than (especially, in boxing, to achieve victory by scoring more points that one's opponent).
outpoint: To sail closer to the wind than (another ship).
mortared: simple past and past participle of mortar
presoaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of presoak
deviated: simple past and past participle of deviate
nurtured: simple past and past participle of nurture
flossing: present participle and gerund of floss
tackling: present participle and gerund of tackle
cackling: present participle and gerund of cackle
massaged: simple past and past participle of massage
balances: third-person singular simple present indicative of balance
misspoke: simple past of misspeak
suspends: third-person singular simple present indicative of suspend
prodding: present participle and gerund of prod
dredging: present participle and gerund of dredge
miscount: To count incorrectly.
cabbaged: simple past and past participle of cabbage
reoccupy: To occupy again.
defrauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of defraud
defogged: simple past and past participle of defog
tumulate: To swell.
tumulate: To cover (a corpse, etc.) with a mound or tomb; to bury.
gainsays: third-person singular simple present indicative of gainsay
necrosed: simple past and past participle of necrose
drip-dry: To dry by hanging up wet.
overbids: third-person singular simple present indicative of overbid
goes bad: third-person singular simple present indicative of go bad
went bad: simple past of go bad
gone bad: past participle of go bad
dizzying: present participle and gerund of dizzy
outboast: To boast better than another, to make greater claims about oneself than another makes or is able to make.
scourges: third-person singular simple present indicative of scourge
dropkick: to score via a dropkick
dropkick: to make a dropkick
club-hop: To spend a short time in each of several nightclubs.
coiffeur: To cut or style hair
severing: present participle and gerund of sever
dingdong: Alternative spelling of ding-dong
grooving: present participle and gerund of groove
overbook: To sell or guarantee more seats for (an event) than actually exist.
resoling: present participle and gerund of resole
hearting: present participle and gerund of heart
exhuming: present participle and gerund of exhume
unionize: To organize workers into a union.
unloaded: simple past and past participle of unload
twirling: present participle and gerund of twirl
swerving: present participle and gerund of swerve
approves: third-person singular simple present indicative of approve
tromping: present participle and gerund of tromp
coronate: To crown (a sovereign).
overflew: simple past of overfly
skittled: simple past and past participle of skittle
eulogise: To praise, celebrate or pay homage to someone, especially in an eloquent formal eulogy.
chancing: present participle and gerund of chance
playlist: To include (a track) on a playlist.
encrypts: third-person singular simple present indicative of encrypt
tightens: third-person singular simple present indicative of tighten
worsting: present participle and gerund of worst
sistered: simple past and past participle of sister
repealed: simple past and past participle of repeal
adjuncts: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjunct
actioned: simple past and past participle of action
corrects: third-person singular simple present indicative of correct
surfeits: third-person singular simple present indicative of surfeit
screeded: simple past and past participle of screed
minoring: present participle and gerund of minor
tractors: third-person singular simple present indicative of tractor
expeling: present participle and gerund of expel
majoring: present participle and gerund of major
spiraled: simple past and past participle of spiral
equaling: present participle and gerund of equal
suppered: simple past and past participle of supper
chimping: present participle and gerund of chimp
snookers: third-person singular simple present indicative of snooker
ciphered: simple past and past participle of cipher
conquers: third-person singular simple present indicative of conquer
contends: third-person singular simple present indicative of contend
pestered: simple past and past participle of pester
defaults: third-person singular simple present indicative of default
palavers: third-person singular simple present indicative of palaver
empowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of empower
decanted: simple past and past participle of decant
cahooted: simple past and past participle of cahoot
ingested: simple past and past participle of ingest
brooming: present participle and gerund of broom
usurping: present participle and gerund of usurp
concords: third-person singular simple present indicative of concord
fruiting: present participle and gerund of fruit
befouled: simple past and past participle of befoul
pilfered: simple past and past participle of pilfer
expounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of expound
knacking: present participle and gerund of knack
loppered: simple past and past participle of lopper
availing: present participle and gerund of avail
prospers: third-person singular simple present indicative of prosper
relented: simple past and past participle of relent
desisted: simple past and past participle of desist
recounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of recount
proffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of proffer
pillowed: simple past and past participle of pillow
whomping: present participle and gerund of whomp
havering: present participle and gerund of haver
deafened: simple past and past participle of deafen
distorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of distort
worsened: simple past and past participle of worsen
coffined: simple past and past participle of coffin
shylocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of shylock
delimits: third-person singular simple present indicative of delimit
sheering: present participle and gerund of sheer
sintered: simple past and past participle of sinter
snickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of snicker
rocketed: simple past and past participle of rocket
quietens: third-person singular simple present indicative of quieten
amending: present participle and gerund of amend
flattens: third-person singular simple present indicative of flatten
sustains: third-person singular simple present indicative of sustain
suicides: third-person singular simple present indicative of suicide
chucking: present participle and gerund of chuck
scuppers: third-person singular simple present indicative of scupper
betroths: third-person singular simple present indicative of betroth
crouping: present participle and gerund of croup
whitened: simple past and past participle of whiten
decamped: simple past and past participle of decamp
entombed: simple past and past participle of entomb
inflicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of inflict
purloins: third-person singular simple present indicative of purloin
knelling: present participle and gerund of knell
detrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrain
cohabits: third-person singular simple present indicative of cohabit
erupting: present participle and gerund of erupt
shrilled: simple past and past participle of shrill
bedaubed: simple past and past participle of bedaub
ovations: third-person singular simple present indicative of ovation
stenting: present participle and gerund of stent
balloted: simple past and past participle of ballot
uncoiled: simple past and past participle of uncoil
chagrins: third-person singular simple present indicative of chagrin
sweetens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweeten
inspects: third-person singular simple present indicative of inspect
septuple: To multiply by seven.
septuple: To increase by a factor of seven.
shirking: present participle and gerund of shirk
excerpts: third-person singular simple present indicative of excerpt
skitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of skitter
upstarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstart
formates: third-person singular simple present indicative of formate
besmears: third-person singular simple present indicative of besmear
taxicabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of taxicab
arraigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of arraign
refrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of refrain
sprawled: simple past and past participle of sprawl
intrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of intrust
perturbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of perturb
consigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of consign
miswants: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswant
cindered: simple past and past participle of cinder
bellowed: simple past and past participle of bellow
evicting: present participle and gerund of evict
tutoring: present participle and gerund of tutor
belabors: third-person singular simple present indicative of belabor
crochets: third-person singular simple present indicative of crochet
spruiked: simple past and past participle of spruik
brocking: present participle and gerund of brock
defrocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of defrock
descants: third-person singular simple present indicative of descant
interned: simple past and past participle of intern
astounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of astound
debriefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of debrief
cheddars: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheddar
debarked: simple past and past participle of debark
bookends: third-person singular simple present indicative of bookend
livening: present participle and gerund of liven
blusters: third-person singular simple present indicative of bluster
slackens: third-person singular simple present indicative of slacken
platoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of platoon
concocts: third-person singular simple present indicative of concoct
rollicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rollick
sponsors: third-person singular simple present indicative of sponsor
congests: third-person singular simple present indicative of congest
bobbared: simple past and past participle of bobbar
chitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of chitter
plinking: present participle and gerund of plink
fisheyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fisheye
defrosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of defrost
uncurled: simple past and past participle of uncurl
regifted: simple past and past participle of regift
extolled: simple past and past participle of extol
envenoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of envenom
smartens: third-person singular simple present indicative of smarten
assained: simple past and past participle of assain
retested: simple past and past participle of retest
subjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of subjoin
blethers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blether
paltered: simple past and past participle of palter
repacked: simple past and past participle of repack
restocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of restock
outpours: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpour
enfevers: third-person singular simple present indicative of enfever
redialed: simple past and past participle of redial
disleafs: third-person singular simple present indicative of disleaf
readopts: third-person singular simple present indicative of readopt
unleafed: simple past and past participle of unleaf
readmits: third-person singular simple present indicative of readmit
reboiled: simple past and past participle of reboil
recolors: third-person singular simple present indicative of recolor
recooked: simple past and past participle of recook
reorders: third-person singular simple present indicative of reorder
relabels: third-person singular simple present indicative of relabel
remelted: simple past and past participle of remelt
remolded: simple past and past participle of remold
re-edits: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-edit
relearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of relearn
deboards: third-person singular simple present indicative of deboard
reoccurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reoccur
restaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of restaff
reengage: Alternative spelling of re-engage
miscalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscall
overages: third-person singular simple present indicative of overage
outsoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsole
delayers: third-person singular simple present indicative of delayer
collabos: third-person singular simple present indicative of collabo
reattach: Alternative form of re-attach
vigilate: to monitor, watch over, control
decayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of decay
aerosols: third-person singular simple present indicative of aerosol
headhunt: To cut off, and preserve, the heads of one's enemies.
headhunt: To actively recruit executive personnel.
headhunt: To pitch at a batter's head.
headhunt: To use one's hockey stick to strike an opponent's head.
unlimber: To deploy an artillery piece for firing (i.e. to detach it from its limber).
unlimber: To clumsily put into employ a large weapon or object.
unlimber: To unsling something, as a backpack, carried on the body with a strap; to bring something carried into the hands for use.
unlimber: To stretch muscles, limbs, etc., that have been cramped or unused for some time.
positing: present participle and gerund of posit
hedgehop: Of an aircraft: to fly very close to the ground, such that evasive manoeuvres need to be taken to avoid obstacles.
hedgehop: Of birds: to move along the line of a hedge; to move by flying from one hedge, bush, or the like, to another close by.
hedgehop: Of people: to run and jump over a series of hedges, fences, etc., as a pastime.
overgrew: simple past of overgrow
oversize: To exceed in size.
oversize: To make larger, or too large.
oversize: To cover with size or gluey matter.
overhand: Sew using an overhand stitch.
carabine: To attach via carabiner.
resurged: simple past and past participle of resurge
resurges: third-person singular simple present indicative of resurge
beaching: present participle and gerund of beach
rotavate: To till the soil using a rotavator
test-fly: To fly an aircraft in order to evaluate its performance
scrumble: Alternative form of scumble (“to apply opaque glaze to a painting”)
hardball: To exhibit tough and ruthless behavior towards.
indagate: to search into, investigate
get sick: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, sick.
get sick: To vomit.
overawed: simple past and past participle of overawe
loquitur: Speaks.
shinning: present participle and gerund of shin
tarrying: present participle and gerund of tarry
cohæring: present participle and gerund of cohære
trashing: present participle and gerund of trash
caponize: To castrate (a cockerel) in order to fatten it for table use.
eradiate: To spread out light rays in all directions.
eradiate: To shoot out like a ray of light.
buckling: present participle and gerund of buckle
reunited: simple past and past participle of reunite
sonicate: To disrupt with ultrasonic sound waves.
swaddled: simple past and past participle of swaddle
valuated: simple past and past participle of valuate
savaging: present participle and gerund of savage
trenched: simple past and past participle of trench
disperge: To sprinkle.
pettifog: To quibble over trivial matters; nitpick.
pettifog: To do a petty business as a lawyer, or carry out law business in a petty or tricky way.
rock out: To party to rock music, punk rock, grunge or heavy metal.
peculate: To embezzle
pegboard: To fit or furnish with pegboard.
wethered: simple past and past participle of wether
barbered: simple past and past participle of barber
stiffing: present participle and gerund of stiff
blathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blather
launches: third-person singular simple present indicative of launch
skeeting: present participle and gerund of skeet
skillets: third-person singular simple present indicative of skillet
boycotts: third-person singular simple present indicative of boycott
harumphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of harumph
rewilded: simple past and past participle of rewild
frilling: present participle and gerund of frill
defanged: simple past and past participle of defang
prebends: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebend
clouting: present participle and gerund of clout
rostered: simple past and past participle of roster
sniffled: simple past and past participle of sniffle
snuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snuffle
cleanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clean
sleep on: To postpone (a decision) at least overnight, to avoid making a hasty choice.
sleep on: To miss or ignore; to underappreciate; to underestimate the quality of something.
sleep on: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see sleep, on.
finalise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of finalize.
doze off: To fall asleep unintentionally.
wikifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of wikify
embodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of embody
tie-dyed: simple past and past participle of tie-dye
remising: present participle and gerund of remise
tie-dyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tie-dye
breaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of breach
clear up: To clarify, to correct a misconception.
clear up: To depart or disappear.
clear up: To become free of certain blemishes.
clear up: Of stormy weather, to dissipate, to become calm.
clear up: To clean up.
clear up: To pot all of the remaining balls in a single turn.
diffract: To cause diffraction
diffract: To undergo diffraction
textured: simple past and past participle of texture
lynchpin: Alternative form of linchpin
m'ladies: third-person singular simple present indicative of m'lady
timbered: simple past and past participle of timber
cooks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cook up
falchion: Attack with a falchion.
ticktock: Alternative form of tick-tock.
rivering: present participle and gerund of river
impanels: third-person singular simple present indicative of impanel
upchucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of upchuck
prolapse: To move out of place; especially for an internal organ to protrude beyond its normal position.
equivale: to be equivalent to.
hollered: simple past and past participle of holler
jockeyed: simple past and past participle of jockey
teetered: simple past and past participle of teeter
spieling: present participle and gerund of spiel
skulling: present participle and gerund of skull
knapping: present participle and gerund of knap
renumber: To number again, to assign new numbers to.
underrun: To run or pass under.
underrun: To pass along and under, e.g. a cable, for the purpose of taking it in or examining it.
underrun: To separate the parts of (a tackle) and put them in order.
descrive: To describe.
slowplay: To bluff by playing a strong hand weakly.
downturn: To turn downwards
downturn: To decline
astringe: To constrict, to compress
astringe: To become constricted or compressed
astringe: To bind by moral or legal obligation.
reassume: To resume, to carry on (a practice, thought, occupation etc.) again.
reassume: To take on or adopt again.
reassume: To take back into one's possession.
overcall: To call a bet after another player has already called
overcall: To diagnose a condition that does not, in fact, exist.
go snake: To act in an erratic or unrestrained manner.
unpeople: To deprive of inhabitants; to depopulate.
unperson: To strip (a person) of rights, identity, or humanity.
lionizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lionize
outstare: To stare at (someone) so hard or long that they look away.
hurdling: present participle and gerund of hurdle
grapples: third-person singular simple present indicative of grapple
pinprick: To produce a jabbing sensation, like a pinprick, in.
pinprick: To puncture with a tiny hole or holes.
spectate: To attend an event as a spectator; to observe.
auguring: present participle and gerund of augur
split up: Cease to be together, break apart from the group.
split up: separate, disassociate, cause to come apart.
humanize: To make human; to give or cause to have the fundamental properties of a human.
humanize: To make sympathetic or relatable.
humanize: To become humane or civilized.
humanize: To convert into something human or belonging to humans.
humanize: To make humane.
nitpicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of nitpick
reclined: simple past and past participle of recline
vote out: To expel the holder of an office or other position through an act of voting.
minuting: present participle and gerund of minute
paroling: present participle and gerund of parole
summered: simple past and past participle of summer
pollutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pollute
cradling: present participle and gerund of cradle
prattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of prattle
goodbyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of goodbye
enforces: third-person singular simple present indicative of enforce
profiled: simple past and past participle of profile
preposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prepose
curtails: third-person singular simple present indicative of curtail
focussed: simple past and past participle of focus
deposing: present participle and gerund of depose
squaring: present participle and gerund of square
impuring: present participle and gerund of impure
prorates: third-person singular simple present indicative of prorate
prorated: simple past and past participle of prorate
acetizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of acetize
acetized: simple past and past participle of acetize
tangling: present participle and gerund of tangle
quibbled: simple past and past participle of quibble
obviated: simple past and past participle of obviate
obviates: third-person singular simple present indicative of obviate
papering: present participle and gerund of paper
recursed: simple past and past participle of recurse
recurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of recurse
nostrify: To nostrificate; to grant recognition to a degree from a foreign university.
nostrify: To adopt, accept, or include as part of one's own culture.
cannoned: simple past and past participle of cannon
corpsing: present participle and gerund of corpse
candling: present participle and gerund of candle
migrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of migrate
inversed: simple past and past participle of inverse
pirating: present participle and gerund of pirate
trebling: present participle and gerund of treble
silences: third-person singular simple present indicative of silence
enlarges: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlarge
stutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of stutter
assuages: third-person singular simple present indicative of assuage
forboded: simple past and past participle of forbode
assuaged: simple past and past participle of assuage
rejoices: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejoice
grubbing: present participle and gerund of grub
azotized: simple past and past participle of azotize
aggraced: simple past and past participle of aggrace
deflates: third-person singular simple present indicative of deflate
aversing: present participle and gerund of averse
aggraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggrace
azotizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of azotize
walloped: simple past and past participle of wallop
inflates: third-person singular simple present indicative of inflate
deflated: simple past and past participle of deflate
chipping: present participle and gerund of chip
emanated: simple past and past participle of emanate
deluding: present participle and gerund of delude
emanates: third-person singular simple present indicative of emanate
breezing: present participle and gerund of breeze
skydived: simple past and past participle of skydive
narrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of narrate
flounced: simple past and past participle of flounce
reunites: third-person singular simple present indicative of reunite
flounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of flounce
dimpling: present participle and gerund of dimple
inverses: third-person singular simple present indicative of inverse
bobbling: present participle and gerund of bobble
chocking: present participle and gerund of chock
denuding: present participle and gerund of denude
aviating: present participle and gerund of aviate
incising: present participle and gerund of incise
scarring: present participle and gerund of scar
derating: present participle and gerund of derate
singling: present participle and gerund of single
gyrating: present participle and gerund of gyrate
tweezing: present participle and gerund of tweeze
negating: present participle and gerund of negate
feebling: present participle and gerund of feeble
recusing: present participle and gerund of recuse
tripling: present participle and gerund of triple
fizzling: present participle and gerund of fizzle
vitiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vitiate
arranges: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrange
besieges: third-person singular simple present indicative of besiege
centring: present participle and gerund of centre
appeases: third-person singular simple present indicative of appease
depletes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deplete
battling: present participle and gerund of battle
gazetted: simple past and past participle of gazette
enlacing: present participle and gerund of enlace
financed: simple past and past participle of finance
wangling: present participle and gerund of wangle
intoning: present participle and gerund of intone
drudging: present participle and gerund of drudge
immerses: third-person singular simple present indicative of immerse
squiring: present participle and gerund of squire
behooved: simple past and past participle of behoove
behoving: present participle and gerund of behove
encasing: present participle and gerund of encase
behooves: third-person singular simple present indicative of behoove
deplored: simple past and past participle of deplore
meanders: third-person singular simple present indicative of meander
reneging: present participle and gerund of renege
cognizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cognize
donating: present participle and gerund of donate
deceases: third-person singular simple present indicative of decease
scribing: present participle and gerund of scribe
preludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prelude
preluded: simple past and past participle of prelude
iterated: simple past and past participle of iterate
meriting: present participle and gerund of merit
explodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of explode
postured: simple past and past participle of posture
cottaged: simple past and past participle of cottage
suffices: third-person singular simple present indicative of suffice
umpiring: present participle and gerund of umpire
expunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of expunge
umbrages: third-person singular simple present indicative of umbrage
drabbled: simple past and past participle of drabble
audibled: simple past and past participle of audible
umbraged: simple past and past participle of umbrage
rebuking: present participle and gerund of rebuke
unseated: simple past and past participle of unseat
drizzled: simple past and past participle of drizzle
imputing: present participle and gerund of impute
inflames: third-person singular simple present indicative of inflame
radiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of radiate
uncovers: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncover
slathers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slather
suturing: present participle and gerund of suture
lactated: simple past and past participle of lactate
imitates: third-person singular simple present indicative of imitate
caroused: simple past and past participle of carouse
engulfed: simple past and past participle of engulf
enhances: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhance
kibozing: present participle and gerund of kiboze
radiated: simple past and past participle of radiate
spindled: simple past and past participle of spindle
carouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of carouse
intrudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of intrude
rummaged: simple past and past participle of rummage
defaming: present participle and gerund of defame
stabling: present participle and gerund of stable
smudging: present participle and gerund of smudge
restores: third-person singular simple present indicative of restore
solacing: present participle and gerund of solace
niggling: present participle and gerund of niggle
cleanses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cleanse
encloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of enclose
wrangled: simple past and past participle of wrangle
rummages: third-person singular simple present indicative of rummage
connoted: simple past and past participle of connote
comports: third-person singular simple present indicative of comport
relapses: third-person singular simple present indicative of relapse
ululates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ululate
defiling: present participle and gerund of defile
colludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of collude
expiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of expiate
expiated: simple past and past participle of expiate
situates: third-person singular simple present indicative of situate
subduing: present participle and gerund of subdue
muffling: present participle and gerund of muffle
whittled: simple past and past participle of whittle
whittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whittle
stumping: present participle and gerund of stump
waggling: present participle and gerund of waggle
barraged: simple past and past participle of barrage
wrangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrangle
bridling: present participle and gerund of bridle
dehisced: simple past and past participle of dehisce
dehisces: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehisce
cantered: simple past and past participle of canter
waddling: present participle and gerund of waddle
extruded: simple past and past participle of extrude
grundled: simple past and past participle of grundle
suffused: simple past and past participle of suffuse
suffuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of suffuse
realises: third-person singular simple present indicative of realise
misusing: present participle and gerund of misuse
snirting: present participle and gerund of snirt
compered: simple past and past participle of compere
hassling: present participle and gerund of hassle
feaguing: present participle and gerund of feague.
swindled: simple past and past participle of swindle
twiddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twiddle
glimpsed: simple past and past participle of glimpse
twiddled: simple past and past participle of twiddle
sledging: present participle and gerund of sledge
manacled: simple past and past participle of manacle
communed: simple past and past participle of commune
utilised: simple past and past participle of utilise
diarizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of diarize
convenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of convene
grizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of grizzle
curating: present participle and gerund of curate
utilises: third-person singular simple present indicative of utilise
ascribes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ascribe
burbling: present participle and gerund of burble
unrolled: simple past and past participle of unroll
invoking: present participle and gerund of invoke
stapling: present participle and gerund of staple
splurged: simple past and past participle of splurge
engraves: third-person singular simple present indicative of engrave
diffuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of diffuse
collates: third-person singular simple present indicative of collate
terraced: simple past and past participle of terrace
sublimed: simple past and past participle of sublime
scrupled: simple past and past participle of scruple
asperses: third-person singular simple present indicative of asperse
collated: simple past and past participle of collate
scrouged: simple past and past participle of scrouge
scrouges: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrouge
pouncing: present participle and gerund of pounce
cascaded: simple past and past participle of cascade
infusing: present participle and gerund of infuse
screeved: simple past and past participle of screeve
baptizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of baptize
pronates: third-person singular simple present indicative of pronate
invoiced: simple past and past participle of invoice
beguiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of beguile
apprises: third-person singular simple present indicative of apprise
mizzling: present participle and gerund of mizzle
diarized: simple past and past participle of diarize
moodling: present participle and gerund of moodle
finessed: simple past and past participle of finesse
benights: third-person singular simple present indicative of benight
finesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of finesse
mediated: simple past and past participle of mediate
mediates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mediate
condones: third-person singular simple present indicative of condone
aspersed: simple past and past participle of asperse
azotised: simple past and past participle of azotise
azotises: third-person singular simple present indicative of azotise
salvaged: simple past and past participle of salvage
occludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of occlude
debasing: present participle and gerund of debase
cobbling: present participle and gerund of cobble
unyoking: present participle and gerund of unyoke
levanted: simple past and past participle of levant
traipsed: simple past and past participle of traipse
nictated: simple past and past participle of nictate
pulsates: third-person singular simple present indicative of pulsate
mantling: present participle and gerund of mantle
nictates: third-person singular simple present indicative of nictate
ecycling: present participle and gerund of ecycle
gabbling: present participle and gerund of gabble
typesets: third-person singular simple present indicative of typeset
esquired: simple past and past participle of esquire
thudding: present participle and gerund of thud
excising: present participle and gerund of excise
confides: third-person singular simple present indicative of confide
apposing: present participle and gerund of appose
deranges: third-person singular simple present indicative of derange
purfling: present participle and gerund of purfle
scumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scumble
delouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of delouse
ruckling: present participle and gerund of ruckle
scumbled: simple past and past participle of scumble
deloused: simple past and past participle of delouse
curdling: present participle and gerund of curdle
blubbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blubber
gargling: present participle and gerund of gargle
restarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of restart
attuning: present participle and gerund of attune
enslaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of enslave
sluicing: present participle and gerund of sluice
secludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of seclude
corraded: simple past and past participle of corrade
limbered: simple past and past participle of limber
incloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of inclose
stoppled: simple past and past participle of stopple
stickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of stickle
convokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of convoke
stickled: simple past and past participle of stickle
enrobing: present participle and gerund of enrobe
corrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of corrade
frizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of frizzle
swaddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of swaddle
frazzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of frazzle
brattled: simple past and past participle of brattle
brattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of brattle
puggling: present participle and gerund of puggle
pipetted: simple past and past participle of pipet
condoles: third-person singular simple present indicative of condole
idolized: simple past and past participle of idolize
snuffing: present participle and gerund of snuff
requites: third-person singular simple present indicative of requite
idolizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of idolize
condoled: simple past and past participle of condole
requited: simple past and past participle of requite
blipping: present participle and gerund of blip
frizzled: simple past and past participle of frizzle
reshaped: simple past and past participle of reshape
reshapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshape
tonsured: simple past and past participle of tonsure
suspired: simple past and past participle of suspire
justling: present participle and gerund of justle
vittling: present participle and gerund of vittle
vestured: simple past and past participle of vesture
furcates: third-person singular simple present indicative of furcate
overuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of overuse
buttling: present participle and gerund of buttle
jaloused: simple past and past participle of jalouse
deputing: present participle and gerund of depute
decoking: present participle and gerund of decoke
redlines: third-person singular simple present indicative of redline
repining: present participle and gerund of repine
refacing: present participle and gerund of reface
entwines: third-person singular simple present indicative of entwine
jalouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of jalouse
sexiling: present participle and gerund of sexile
reviling: present participle and gerund of revile
restates: third-person singular simple present indicative of restate
foozling: present participle and gerund of foozle
restated: simple past and past participle of restate
effusing: present participle and gerund of effuse
stippled: simple past and past participle of stipple
acidizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of acidize
begrimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of begrime
acidized: simple past and past participle of acidize
coacting: present participle and gerund of coact
gradates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gradate
descaled: simple past and past participle of descale
outfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of outface
enplaned: simple past and past participle of enplane
descales: third-person singular simple present indicative of descale
bemiring: present participle and gerund of bemire
enplanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enplane
entwined: simple past and past participle of entwine
gradated: simple past and past participle of gradate
ruddling: present participle and gerund of ruddle
stylizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stylize
stipples: third-person singular simple present indicative of stipple
reddling: present participle and gerund of reddle
touzling: present participle and gerund of touzle
laicizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of laicize
redlined: simple past and past participle of redline
garotted: simple past and past participle of garotte
nurdling: present participle and gerund of nurdle
enchased: simple past and past participle of enchase
enchases: third-person singular simple present indicative of enchase
unleaved: simple past and past participle of unleave
emplaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplace
outvotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outvote
outraced: simple past and past participle of outrace
unleaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unleave
outvoted: simple past and past participle of outvote
rescales: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescale
rescaled: simple past and past participle of rescale
overawes: third-person singular simple present indicative of overawe
fuddling: present participle and gerund of fuddle
entailed: simple past and past participle of entail
outraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrace
spurtled: simple past and past participle of spurtle
deskills: third-person singular simple present indicative of deskill
bobaring: present participle and gerund of bobar
skriking: present participle and gerund of skrike
subducts: third-person singular simple present indicative of subduct
rootling: present participle and gerund of rootle
berhymed: simple past and past participle of berhyme
berhymes: third-person singular simple present indicative of berhyme
nestling: present participle and gerund of nestle
beriming: present participle and gerund of berime
rewarmed: simple past and past participle of rewarm
conjects: third-person singular simple present indicative of conject
lookbook: To locate fashion-related information by means of a directory.
scare up: To frighten (an animal, especially a game animal) into appearing from cover.
scare up: To find or procure while relying on chance to provide the means, especially something not easily found or procured.
tryhards: third-person singular simple present indicative of tryhard
scowling: present participle and gerund of scowl
steadied: simple past and past participle of steady
trickled: simple past and past participle of trickle
tottered: simple past and past participle of totter
divested: simple past and past participle of divest
steadies: third-person singular simple present indicative of steady
reposing: present participle and gerund of repose
endeared: simple past and past participle of endear
fretting: present participle and gerund of fret
milepost: To place mileposts along (a road, etc.).
microdot: To mark with a microdot.
microdot: To make into a microdot.
eclipsed: simple past and past participle of eclipse
thinning: present participle and gerund of thin
begrimed: simple past and past participle of begrime
geomance: To divine by geomancy.
parodied: simple past and past participle of parody
tenanted: simple past and past participle of tenant
mislabel: To label incorrectly.
hattered: simple past and past participle of hatter
advected: simple past and past participle of advect
droppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drop
remapped: simple past and past participle of remap
unhorses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhorse
unhorsed: simple past and past participle of unhorse
reseeded: simple past and past participle of reseed
marbling: present participle and gerund of marble
sarcling: present participle and gerund of sarcle
wresting: present participle and gerund of wrest
gave off: simple past of give off
deifying: present participle and gerund of deify
polarise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of polarize.
ought to: Indicating duty or obligation.
ought to: Indicating advisability or prudence.
ought to: Indicating desirability.
ought to: Indicating likelihood or probability.
misdealt: simple past and past participle of misdeal
misdeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdeal
minivans: third-person singular simple present indicative of minivan
clubhaul: To force (a sailing vessel) to change tack by dropping the lee-anchor and hauling in the anchor cable to swing the stern to windward.
palm off: To sell or dispose of (something) with the intent to deceive; to attempt to pass off a counterfeit or inferior product as genuine.
chitting: present participle and gerund of chit
misquote: To incorrectly recite a quote.
misquote: To incorrectly record a quote.
relieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of relieve
unnerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnerve
embalmed: simple past and past participle of embalm
bristled: simple past and past participle of bristle
frighted: simple past and past participle of fright
unnerved: simple past and past participle of unnerve
crackled: simple past and past participle of crackle
demurred: simple past and past participle of demur
behoveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of behove
wearying: present participle and gerund of weary
scrubbed: simple past and past participle of scrub
mistimed: simple past and past participle of mistime
glossing: present participle and gerund of gloss
backread: To catch up on an ongoing conversation, by reading previous portions one was not present for.
backread: To interpret what one has read previously in the light of later experience or knowledge.
scamping: present participle and gerund of scamp
Latinise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Latinize.
threwest: second-person singular simple past indicative of throw
throwest: second-person singular simple present indicative of throw
drinkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drink
enkindle: To kindle; to arouse or evoke.
touchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of touch
outlived: simple past and past participle of outlive
misstate: To make a statement that is in error, inadvertently; to say incorrectly, through a slip of the tongue.
sniffing: present participle and gerund of sniff
ravished: simple past and past participle of ravish
upraised: simple past and past participle of upraise
low five: To perform the low five gesture with someone.
misdoing: present participle and gerund of misdo
misspend: To spend poorly, incorrectly or unwisely.
misguide: To guide poorly or incorrectly; to lead astray or into error.
muckrake: To search for and expose corruption or scandal, especially as a form of investigative journalism.
freeroll: To be in a position where one is guaranteed a tie, but one can also win.
unfitted: simple past and past participle of unfit.
drew out: simple past of draw out
remitted: simple past and past participle of remit
silvered: simple past and past participle of silver
misshape: To shape badly or incorrectly.
misjudge: To make an error in judging, to incorrectly assess.
shackled: simple past and past participle of shackle
draw out: To make something last for more time than is necessary; prolong; extend.
draw out: To physically extract, as blood from a vein.
draw out: To extract, bring out, as concealed information; elicit; educe.
draw out: To use means to entice or force (an animal) from its hole or similar hiding place.
draw out: To cause (a shy person) to be more open or talkative.
draw out: To improve a losing hand to a winning hand by receiving additional cards.
draw out: To leave the place (of an army), etc.
handhold: Alternative form of hand-hold
heli-ski: To ski down a mountain or glacier that has been reached by helicopter rather than a normal ski lift.
surfaced: simple past and past participle of surface
overgang: To go beyond or above; to exceed.
bereaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of bereave
sashayed: simple past and past participle of sashay
heliskis: third-person singular simple present indicative of heliski
shuttled: simple past and past participle of shuttle
shuttles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shuttle
oxidized: simple past and past participle of oxidize
ampliate: To enlarge.
adjoined: simple past and past participle of adjoin
reraised: simple past and past participle of reraise
reraises: third-person singular simple present indicative of reraise
shearing: present participle and gerund of shear
ondulate: Misspelling of undulate.
deceives: third-person singular simple present indicative of deceive
ennobled: simple past and past participle of ennoble
debarred: simple past and past participle of debar
couching: present participle and gerund of couch.
hit-skip: To flee (as the driver) from the site of a motor vehicle accident without reporting it to the police or emergency services.
magic up: To create something or cause something to come forth, by magic or by some other unexplained means.
reliving: present participle and gerund of relive
drooling: present participle and gerund of drool
clinched: simple past and past participle of clinch
overbets: third-person singular simple present indicative of overbet
wheezing: present participle and gerund of wheeze
sparring: present participle and gerund of spar
slinging: present participle and gerund of sling
sleepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sleep
laid off: simple past and past participle of lay off
left out: simple past and past participle of leave out
asperges: third-person singular simple present indicative of asperge
intermix: To mix together; to intermingle or blend.
spoonfed: simple past and past participle of spoonfeed
spanging: present participle and gerund of spang
spanging: present participle and gerund of spange
there be: The specified thing exists, physically or abstractly.
trialled: (Canadian spelling, common) simple past and past participle of trial
fuelling: (Canadian spelling, common) present participle and gerund of fuel
rear-end: Of a vehicle, to strike (another vehicle) from behind.
predicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of predict
thrashed: simple past and past participle of thrash
emulated: simple past and past participle of emulate
emulates: third-person singular simple present indicative of emulate
whithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of whither
marauded: simple past and past participle of maraud
tentered: simple past and past participle of tenter
honoring: present participle and gerund of honor
freights: third-person singular simple present indicative of freight
toughens: third-person singular simple present indicative of toughen
crackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crackle
snooding: present participle and gerund of snood
snubbing: present participle and gerund of snub
nettling: present participle and gerund of nettle
swarting: present participle and gerund of swart
shanking: present participle and gerund of shank
stumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of stumble
composts: third-person singular simple present indicative of compost
presaged: simple past and past participle of presage
tensions: third-person singular simple present indicative of tension
plonking: present participle and gerund of plonk
ennobles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ennoble
spatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of spatter
adjudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjudge
wuthered: simple past and past participle of wuther
welshing: present participle and gerund of welsh
presages: third-person singular simple present indicative of presage
lionises: third-person singular simple present indicative of lionise
moldered: simple past and past participle of molder
briguing: present participle and gerund of brigue
hipsters: third-person singular simple present indicative of hipster
cloaking: present participle and gerund of cloak
raptures: third-person singular simple present indicative of rapture
gestured: simple past and past participle of gesture
crusaded: simple past and past participle of crusade
blotting: present participle and gerund of blot
mentored: simple past and past participle of mentor
patching: present participle and gerund of patch
reextend: Alternative spelling of re-extend
complies: third-person singular simple present indicative of comply
reëxtend: Rare spelling of re-extend.
fissures: third-person singular simple present indicative of fissure
reuptake: To take up again; to reabsorb.
bypassed: simple past and past participle of bypass
bypasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bypass
dirtying: present participle and gerund of dirty
unsoiled: simple past and past participle of unsoil
unlisted: simple past and past participle of unlist
succours: third-person singular simple present indicative of succour
forsakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of forsake
underbet: to bet a smaller amount than is standard for a given situation
sparking: present participle and gerund of spark
endorses: third-person singular simple present indicative of endorse
bulleted: simple past and past participle of bullet
tunes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of tune in
tuned in: simple past and past participle of tune in
overhype: To promote or publicize excessively.
conlangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of conlang
rebooted: simple past and past participle of reboot
slanging: present participle and gerund of slang
chugging: present participle and gerund of chug
dequeued: simple past and past participle of dequeue
dequeues: third-person singular simple present indicative of dequeue
foxholes: third-person singular simple present indicative of foxhole
dwindles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwindle
seducing: present participle and gerund of seduce
summited: simple past and past participle of summit
reclaims: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclaim
chevrons: third-person singular simple present indicative of chevron
fusspots: third-person singular simple present indicative of fusspot
ragdolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of ragdoll
stunting: present participle and gerund of stunt
indorses: third-person singular simple present indicative of indorse
indorsed: simple past and past participle of indorse
reenters: third-person singular simple present indicative of reenter
croyning: present participle and gerund of croyn
finagles: third-person singular simple present indicative of finagle
finagled: simple past and past participle of finagle
manuring: present participle and gerund of manure
added up: simple past and past participle of add up
boosting: present participle and gerund of boost
gnashing: present participle and gerund of gnash
sullying: present participle and gerund of sully
patining: present participle and gerund of patine
butylate: To react so as to introduce one or more butyl groups into a molecule
baulking: present participle and gerund of baulk
nicen up: To nicen.
revivify: To reanimate, bring back to life.
revivify: To reinvigorate or revitalize.
revivify: To reactivate (a catalyst, reagent etc.).
revivify: To become effective again as a reagent etc.
sell out: To sell all of a product that is in stock.
sell out: To abandon or betray one's supporters or principles to seek profit or other personal advantage.
sell out: To betray (a person), usually a close friend or family member, for personal gain.
sell out: To sell one's business (with a connotative emphasis on entirety and finality).
sell out: To sell one's commission.
fall off: To become detached or to drop from.
fall off: To diminish in size, value, etc.
fall off: To change the direction of the sail so as to point in a direction that is more down wind; to bring the bow leeward.
fall off: To fall into sin; stray.
revelled: simple past and past participle of revel
slashing: present participle and gerund of slash
phialing: present participle and gerund of phial
demining: present participle and gerund of demine
serotype: To assign or classify according to serotypes
slugging: present participle and gerund of slug
slogging: present participle and gerund of slog
robotrip: To take the antitussive drug dextromethorphan recreationally.
hobbling: present participle and gerund of hobble
dilating: present participle and gerund of dilate
detaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of detach
scoffing: present participle and gerund of scoff
humoured: simple past and past participle of humour
wriggled: simple past and past participle of wriggle
crooning: present participle and gerund of croon
scenting: present participle and gerund of scent
duelling: present participle and gerund of duel
quavered: simple past and past participle of quaver
relaunch: To launch again.
slouched: simple past and past participle of slouch
clanking: present participle and gerund of clank
ravaging: present participle and gerund of ravage
prentice: To apprentice.
deluging: present participle and gerund of deluge
misreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of misread
snugging: present participle and gerund of snug
be up to: To do or be involved in doing; to do (often something mischievous or inappropriate).
be up to: To depend on, to be the choice of.
retraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrace
trooping: present participle and gerund of troop
lunching: present participle and gerund of lunch
hurtling: present participle and gerund of hurtle
riddling: present participle and gerund of riddle
throw in: To add something extra free of charge.
throw in: To include in a calculation.
throw in: To quit, to fold.
throw in: To inject, as a fluid.
spurting: present participle and gerund of spurt
spurring: present participle and gerund of spur
cyclizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cyclize
pittling: present participle and gerund of pittle
cyclized: simple past and past participle of cyclize
rehabbed: simple past and past participle of rehab
babysits: third-person singular simple present indicative of babysit
suborned: simple past and past participle of suborn
thrummed: simple past and past participle of thrum
beelines: third-person singular simple present indicative of beeline
sniveled: simple past and past participle of snivel
gritting: present participle and gerund of grit
subquery: To run a subquery upon.
torquing: present participle and gerund of torque
bequiver: To cause to quiver.
restrung: simple past and past participle of restring
refrozen: past participle of refreeze
crocking: present participle and gerund of crock
skinning: present participle and gerund of skin
unhinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhinge
unifying: present participle and gerund of unify
forgoing: present participle and gerund of forgo
vivified: simple past and past participle of vivify
stiffens: third-person singular simple present indicative of stiffen
videoing: present participle and gerund of video
muggling: present participle and gerund of muggle
outdoing: present participle and gerund of outdo
beagling: present participle and gerund of beagle
scabbing: present participle and gerund of scab
permuted: simple past and past participle of permute
segueing: present participle and gerund of segue
frailing: present participle and gerund of frail
shivving: present participle and gerund of shiv
assieged: simple past and past participle of assiege
belaying: present participle and gerund of belay
platting: present participle and gerund of plat
freefell: simple past of freefall
slivered: simple past and past participle of sliver
kludging: present participle and gerund of kludge
boogying: present participle and gerund of boogie
upstages: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstage
simmered: simple past and past participle of simmer
unvailed: simple past and past participle of unvail
unvailed: simple past and past participle of unvaile
assieges: third-person singular simple present indicative of assiege
ballasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ballast
disables: third-person singular simple present indicative of disable
upstaged: simple past and past participle of upstage
shimmied: simple past and past participle of shimmy
laddered: simple past and past participle of ladder
plaiting: present participle and gerund of plait
slatting: present participle and gerund of slat
unmasked: simple past and past participle of unmask
sickling: present participle and gerund of sickle
plashing: present participle and gerund of plash
shuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shuffle
tasering: present participle and gerund of taser
quiesced: simple past and past participle of quiesce
knobbing: present participle and gerund of knob
zhooshed: simple past and past participle of zhoosh
quiesces: third-person singular simple present indicative of quiesce
flunking: present participle and gerund of flunk
unlading: present participle and gerund of unlade
prepayed: simple past and past participle of prepay
scagging: present participle and gerund of scag
brenning: present participle and gerund of bren
incasing: present participle and gerund of incase
disports: third-person singular simple present indicative of disport
afearing: present participle and gerund of afear
repaving: present participle and gerund of repave
muddying: present participle and gerund of muddy
outboxed: simple past and past participle of outbox
doomsaid: simple past and past participle of doomsay
unlacing: present participle and gerund of unlace
perfused: simple past and past participle of perfuse
splodged: simple past and past participle of splodge
rehoused: simple past and past participle of rehouse
skuddin': present participle of skud
remixing: present participle and gerund of remix
recaught: simple past and past participle of recatch
reburied: simple past and past participle of rebury
reweaved: simple past and past participle of reweave
perfuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of perfuse
recopied: simple past and past participle of recopy
whinging: present participle and gerund of whing
whinging: present participle and gerund of whinge
regraded: simple past and past participle of regrade
reforged: simple past and past participle of reforge
rewashed: simple past and past participle of rewash
rejudged: simple past and past participle of rejudge
revalued: simple past and past participle of revalue
retaught: simple past and past participle of reteach
misfiled: simple past and past participle of misfile
incanted: simple past and past participle of incant
unstrung: simple past and past participle of unstring
novating: present participle and gerund of novate
underdid: simple past of underdo
rehoming: present participle and gerund of rehome
misnamed: simple past and past participle of misname
repriced: simple past and past participle of reprice
rehiring: present participle and gerund of rehire
rezoning: present participle and gerund of rezone
resowing: present participle and gerund of resow
nicening: present participle and gerund of nicen
miscuing: present participle and gerund of miscue
declawed: simple past and past participle of declaw
rehanged: simple past and past participle of rehang
delinked: simple past and past participle of delink
guggling: present participle and gerund of guggle
dewormed: simple past and past participle of deworm
dewaters: third-person singular simple present indicative of dewater
blagging: present participle and gerund of blag
downlink: To transmit a signal from a satellite to a terrestrial receiving station.
debouche: To enter into battle.
debouche: To discharge into a larger body of water such as a lake or sea.
unzipped: simple past and past participle of unzip
subsumed: simple past and past participle of subsume
cremates: third-person singular simple present indicative of cremate
competes: third-person singular simple present indicative of compete
subsumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of subsume
tinkered: simple past and past participle of tinker
forleses: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlese
upbreeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbreed
overruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of overrun
misalign: To align incorrectly
plug out: To unplug; to remove (an electrical device) from its socket.
rang off: simple past of ring off
rung off: past participle of ring off
help out: To provide assistance.
bleaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleach
notching: present participle and gerund of notch
emailing: present participle and gerund of email
incusing: present participle and gerund of incuse
close up: To close (remove a gap) completely or fully.
close up: To move nearer together so that a gap is removed.
close up: To shut a building or a business for a period of time.
close up: Of a cut or other wound: To heal.
close up: To become less 'open' or communicative; to shrink back.
plighted: simple past and past participle of plight
interfix: To attach or anchor (two or more parts) together.
interfix: To insert (an interfix) between two morphemes.
succored: simple past and past participle of succor
brazened: simple past and past participle of brazen
scarfing: present participle and gerund of scarf
crabbing: present participle and gerund of crab
flopping: present participle and gerund of flop
unbarred: simple past and past participle of unbar
gibbered: simple past and past participle of gibber; to talk incomprehensibly
forfeits: third-person singular simple present indicative of forfeit
aunswere: Obsolete spelling of answer
retrench: To cut down or reduce.
retrench: To cut down or reduce.
retrench: To terminate the employment of a worker to reduce the size of a workforce; to make redundant.
retrench: To confine; to limit; to restrict.
retrench: To furnish with a retrenchment (a defensive work within a fortification).
retrench: To abridge; to curtail.
retrench: To take up a new defensive position.
retrench: To live less expensively; to economize.
retrench: To dig or redig a trench where one already exists.
refiling: present participle and gerund of refile
line out: to appear in a lineout
line out: to take part in a sports event
parrying: present participle and gerund of parry
metering: present participle and gerund of meter
perching: present participle and gerund of perch
pickling: present participle and gerund of pickle
bear out: To corroborate, prove, or confirm; to demonstrate; to provide evidence for.
bear out: To maintain and support to the end; to defend to the last.
bear out: To move quickly and sharply in an outward direction during a race; to veer out.
barge in: To intrude; to enter or interrupt suddenly and without invitation.
engrafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of engraft
satirise: To make a satire of; to mock.
coexists: third-person singular simple present indicative of coexist
overline: To draw a line over or above text.
tattling: present participle and gerund of tattle
demaunde: Obsolete spelling of demand
homodyne: To combine two waves of identical frequency.
disfavor: Alternative form of disfavour
unbolted: simple past and past participle of unbolt
figurate: To shape; to give a figure.
linkered: simple past and past participle of linker
reorient: To orient again; to make or become oriented after dislocation or disorientation.
wheedles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheedle
scuffled: simple past and past participle of scuffle
huddling: present participle and gerund of huddle
scuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scuffle
sheathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sheathe
premiate: To give a prize to.
resheath: To sheath again, to return to its sheath.
unsheath: To deprive of a sheath; to draw from the sheath or scabbard, as a knife or sword.
volleyed: simple past and past participle of volley
coppiced: simple past and past participle of coppice
asperate: To make rough or harsh.
flicking: present participle and gerund of flick
believed: simple past and past participle of believe
brobbing: present participle and gerund of brob
ambushed: simple past and past participle of ambush
stuprate: To ravish; to debauch.
stotting: present participle and gerund of stot
bring it: To give one's all in a particular effort; to perform admirably or forcefully.
sign out: To sign one's name as an indication that one is leaving some location; to take some action to indicate one is leaving a secured program or web page on a computer.
sign out: To signal.
signs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sign up
signs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of sign on
signs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of sign in
assaying: present participle and gerund of assay
debrined: simple past and past participle of debrine
debrines: third-person singular simple present indicative of debrine
salinise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of salinize.
salinize: to become or render salty
aphorise: To create an aphorism from.
aphorise: To use aphorisms.
aphorize: Alternative spelling of aphorise
assonate: To correspond in (particularly vowel) sounds.
arborize: Alternative spelling of arborise
despised: simple past and past participle of despise
air ship: To transport (goods) by air.
air-drop: Alternative spelling of airdrop
act upon: To take action on the basis of information received or deduced.
arborise: To develop a tree-like appearance.
arborise: To cause (something) to develop a tree-like appearance.
arborise: To penetrate or fill (an area) with a tree-like structure.
adolesce: To commence or progress through adolescence.
augurate: To make or take auguries; to augur; to predict.
take ill: To become ill, to fall ill.
stirring: present participle and gerund of stir
alkalify: To make (more) alkaline (less acidic)
alkalify: To become changed into an alkali.
savvying: present participle and gerund of savvy
anodises: third-person singular simple present indicative of anodise
anodised: simple past and past participle of anodise
camerate: To build in the form of a vault; to arch over.
camerate: To divide into chambers.
reexport: to export again; to export something that has been imported
bedarken: To make dim, or to darken, or obscure.
declutch: To disengage the clutch on a vehicle or other engine with PTO
hustling: present participle and gerund of hustle
shunpike: To travel by side roads so as to avoid the toll roads or turnpikes.
pick off: To remove by picking.
pick off: To dispose of tasks, obstacles, opponents etc. precisely, one by one.
pick off: To dispose of tasks, obstacles, opponents etc. precisely, one by one.
pick off: To shoot one by one.
pick off: To throw out a runner by tagging them whilst they are not in contact with any of the three bases or home plate.
pick off: To intercept, such as a ball in flight.
bunching: present participle and gerund of bunch
upspring: To spring up, rise up, originate, come into being.
obsesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of obsess
invocate: To invoke or implore
invocate: To summon or conjure up
aquiesce: Misspelling of acquiesce.
quopping: present participle and gerund of quop
clunking: present participle and gerund of clunk
choruses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chorus
unsaddle: To remove a saddle.
unsaddle: To throw (a rider) from the saddle.
levering: present participle and gerund of lever
madefied: simple past and past participle of madefy
madefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of madefy
preprint: To print in advance.
catch it: To be severely reprimanded, punished, or beaten.
catch it: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see catch, it.
embaying: present participle and gerund of embay
miss out: To miss an experience or lose an opportunity, etc. that should not be missed.
miss out: To leave out, to omit.
quadrate: To adjust (a gun) on its carriage.
quadrate: To train (a gun) for horizontal firing.
quadrate: To square.
quadrate: To square; to agree; to suit; to correspond (with).
tubthump: To express a view or opinion in a needlessly dramatic or aggressive manner.
make off: To exit or depart; to run away.
make off: To tie off, fix down or terminate the end of a rope, cable or thread.
vacating: present participle and gerund of vacate
resizing: present participle and gerund of resize
nattered: simple past and past participle of natter
rewiring: present participle and gerund of rewire
edit war: To engage in an edit war.
overspin: To spin too much or too far.
unsticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstick
unfetter: To release from fetters; to unchain; to let loose; to free.
leaching: present participle and gerund of leach
affining: present participle and gerund of affine
adducing: present participle and gerund of adduce
aerifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of aerify
aggroing: present participle and gerund of aggro
adempted: simple past and past participle of adempt
aurifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of aurify
adducted: simple past and past participle of adduct
aerified: simple past and past participle of aerify
aurified: simple past and past participle of aurify
bemudded: simple past and past participle of bemud
bedizens: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedizen
plancher: To form using planks.
bivouacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bivouac
dries up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dry up
dried up: simple past and past participle of dry up
intonate: To intone or recite (words), especially emphatically or in a chanting manner.
intonate: To say or speak with a certain intonation.
intonate: To intone or vocalize (musical notes); to sound the tones of the musical scale; to practise the sol-fa.
intonate: To thunder or to utter in a sonorous or thunderous voice.
soldered: simple past and past participle of solder
girdling: present participle and gerund of girdle
preorder: To order (goods or services) in advance, before they are available.
preorder: To sort or arrange beforehand.
homebrew: To brew one's beer or other alcoholic beverage at home.
homebrew: To create something as an enthusiast, rather than using a commercial option.
berthing: present participle and gerund of berth
geofence: To provide a geofence around (an area).
careened: simple past and past participle of careen
merengue: To dance to merengue music.
dummy up: To make a mock-up or prototype version of something, without some or all off its intended functionality.
dummy up: To suddenly stop talking; shut up.
get high: To intoxicate oneself with drugs or other substances.
get high: To become euphoric by means of other than the use of drugs.
get high: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, high.
get well: To recover from an illness or injury.
get well: To recover from financial straits.
overfish: To fish excessively, often substantially reducing over several years the supply of one or more species of fish in an area.
emceeing: present participle and gerund of emcee
opts out: third-person singular simple present indicative of opt out
unloosen: To unloose; to loosen.
underact: To act in an understated manner or with little expressiveness
underbid: To bid too low.
underbid: To bid lower than another.
underbid: To bid less than the full value of a hand of cards.
war-dial: To have a computer dial a large number of phone numbers in search of devices for exploitation, such as modems or fax machines.
war-dial: To engage in a similar activity in another address space, such as IP addresses.
totalize: To combine parts to make a total.
totalize: To treat or construe something as universal, all-embracing, or comprehensive.
catalogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of catalog
climaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of climax
autotype: To reproduce (a document) by autotype.
humbuged: simple past and past participle of humbug
pivoting: present participle and gerund of pivot
opiating: present participle and gerund of opiate
twitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of twitter
prefetch: To load data or instructions in anticipation of their need
stravaig: to stroll, meander
cajoling: present participle and gerund of cajole
demarket: To apply marketing methods to reduce the demand for (goods or services).
unequips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unequip
mugwumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mugwump
redargue: To disprove or refute (someone) in an argument.
redargue: To rebut or refute (an argument, a proposition, etc.).
redargue: Often followed by for or of: to censure, to rebuke, to reprove (someone or something).
redargue: To argue (a case, proposition, etc.) against someone.
redargue: To present a disproof or refutation of an argument, a person, etc.
flurried: simple past and past participle of flurry
sing out: To cry out, e.g. when in pain.
sing out: To call out; yell.
sing out: To start singing.
fightest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fight
evincing: present participle and gerund of evince
unblocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unblock
recouped: simple past and past participle of recoup
adulates: third-person singular simple present indicative of adulate
adulated: simple past and past participle of adulate
uniquify: To eliminate duplicates from a list, especially when using the *nix command/function uniq.
uniquify: To turn an instance of a type into an instance of a new unique copy of the original type.
affrayed: simple past and past participle of affray
ceilidhs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ceilidh
connives: third-person singular simple present indicative of connive
messaged: simple past and past participle of message
slotting: present participle and gerund of slot
unground: To remove a connection to ground potential.
unground: To free from the punishment of being grounded (restricted to home).
thrashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of thrash
alibiing: present participle and gerund of alibi
adjuring: present participle and gerund of adjure
aliening: present participle and gerund of alien
alerting: present participle and gerund of alert
fledging: present participle and gerund of fledge
cordoned: simple past and past participle of cordon
crunched: simple past and past participle of crunch
dribbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dribble
clamming: present participle and gerund of clam
bronzing: present participle and gerund of bronze
toddling: present participle and gerund of toddle
snitched: simple past and past participle of snitch
stashing: present participle and gerund of stash
zippered: simple past and past participle of zipper
outfoxed: simple past and past participle of outfox
mooching: present participle and gerund of mooch
refueled: simple past and past participle of refuel
reshoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshoot
perswade: Obsolete spelling of persuade.
scotches: third-person singular simple present indicative of scotch
grossing: present participle and gerund of gross
totaling: present participle and gerund of total
detoxing: present participle and gerund of detox
mutating: present participle and gerund of mutate
resuming: present participle and gerund of resume
rousting: present participle and gerund of roust
propping: present participle and gerund of prop
caroling: present participle and gerund of carol
reveling: present participle and gerund of revel
ticketed: simple past and past participle of ticket
marveled: simple past and past participle of marvel
collided: simple past and past participle of collide
pedaling: present participle and gerund of pedal
saddling: present participle and gerund of saddle
portrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of portray
crunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of crunch
repaying: present participle and gerund of repay
quizzing: present participle and gerund of quiz
doodling: present participle and gerund of doodle
solvated: simple past and past participle of solvate
snacking: present participle and gerund of snack
bloodied: simple past and past participle of bloody
timeslot: To allocate to one or more timeslots.
shacking: present participle and gerund of shack
scamming: present participle and gerund of scam
fell out: simple past of fall out
ditching: present participle and gerund of ditch
prepping: present participle and gerund of prep
waltzing: present participle and gerund of waltz
breached: simple past and past participle of breach
burritos: third-person singular simple present indicative of burrito
slumming: present participle and gerund of slum
stomping: present participle and gerund of stomp
suckered: simple past and past participle of sucker
impended: simple past and past participle of impend
swapping: present participle and gerund of swap
peddling: present participle and gerund of peddle
weirding: present participle and gerund of weird
relevels: third-person singular simple present indicative of relevel
slacking: present participle and gerund of slack
vouchers: third-person singular simple present indicative of voucher
guzzling: present participle and gerund of guzzle
liquored: simple past and past participle of liquor
slurping: present participle and gerund of slurp
badgered: simple past and past participle of badger
plugging: present participle and gerund of plug
cramming: present participle and gerund of cram
shushing: present participle and gerund of shush
lawyered: simple past and past participle of lawyer
have fun: To enjoy oneself; to experience enjoyable activities.
lobbying: present participle and gerund of lobby
jump off: To participate in the final round of an equestrian showjumping event.
jump off: To move from an elevated place by one jump.
jump off: To happen; to occur.
blesseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bless
boasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of boast
carrieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of carry
buildeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of build
bringest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bring
creepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of creep
changeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of change
proofing: present participle and gerund of proof
bursteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of burst
slag off: To purify by melting and removing slag.
slag off: To talk insultingly to or about someone or something; usually one who is not present.
ratholed: simple past and past participle of rathole
ratholes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rathole
zhooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zhoosh
unbridle: To remove the bridle, and other tack, from (a horse or other animal).
unbridle: To remove restraint from.
divideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of divide
drygulch: To murder; to attack, assault, especially in an ambush.
fighteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fight
exalteth: third-person singular present simple form of exalt
confesse: Obsolete spelling of confess
googling: present participle and gerund of google
glutting: present participle and gerund of glut
shatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of shatter
bogarted: simple past and past participle of bogart
lathered: simple past and past participle of lather
inhering: present participle and gerund of inhere
gnarling: present participle and gerund of gnarl
scooting: present participle and gerund of scoot
relights: third-person singular simple present indicative of relight
everting: present participle and gerund of evert
crusting: present participle and gerund of crust
mimicked: simple past and past participle of mimic
shriving: present participle and gerund of shrive
scatting: present participle and gerund of scat
espouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of espouse
shingled: simple past and past participle of shingle
shysters: third-person singular simple present indicative of shyster
denizens: third-person singular simple present indicative of denizen
deboning: present participle and gerund of debone
jawbones: third-person singular simple present indicative of jawbone
embrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrown
savoured: simple past and past participle of savour
Tasering: present participle and gerund of Taser
inditing: present participle and gerund of indite
perempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of perempt
inhuming: present participle and gerund of inhume
betiding: present participle and gerund of betide
exegetes: third-person singular simple present indicative of exegete
sublates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sublate
contuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of contuse
snarfles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snarfle
sublated: simple past and past participle of sublate
respired: simple past and past participle of respire
kneading: present participle and gerund of knead
yabbered: simple past and past participle of yabber
contused: simple past and past participle of contuse
emending: present participle and gerund of emend
enounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of enounce
snarfled: simple past and past participle of snarfle
enounced: simple past and past participle of enounce
instates: third-person singular simple present indicative of instate
instated: simple past and past participle of instate
misfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfold
debrided: simple past and past participle of debride
elegizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of elegize
redubbed: simple past and past participle of redub
higgling: present participle and gerund of higgle
elegized: simple past and past participle of elegize
demerged: simple past and past participle of demerge
henpecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of henpeck
incrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of incrust
indwells: third-person singular simple present indicative of indwell
perpends: third-person singular simple present indicative of perpend
satiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of satiate
unfrocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfrock
mistyped: simple past and past participle of mistype
resewing: present participle and gerund of resew
imbosked: simple past and past participle of imbosk
redrafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of redraft
reminted: simple past and past participle of remint
splained: simple past and past participle of splain
bedazing: present participle and gerund of bedaze
remoulds: third-person singular simple present indicative of remould
upsprung: simple past and past participle of upspring
rerouted: simple past and past participle of reroute
restyled: simple past and past participle of restyle
restyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of restyle
unbosoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbosom
unclasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclasp
upsprang: simple past of upspring
reroutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reroute
relining: present participle and gerund of reline
decocted: simple past and past participle of decoct
rotavaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rotavap
dighting: present participle and gerund of dight
unmaking: present participle and gerund of unmake
unriddle: To figure out the answer to (a riddle).
unriddle: To solve (a perplexing problem).
clabbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of clabber
squashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of squash
aqualung: To scuba dive.
rebooked: simple past and past participle of rebook
reframed: simple past and past participle of reframe
re-frame: Alternative spelling of reframe
reframes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reframe
blanches: third-person singular simple present indicative of blanch
unreason: To prove to be unreasonable; disprove by argument.
unreason: To apply false logic or think without logic.
unreason: To make unreasonable; to deprive of reason.
aliasing: present participle and gerund of alias
gatekeep: To control or limit access to something.
gatekeep: To limit (sometimes manipulatively, rather than directly) how much of a role another party, often a spouse, has in some task.
gatekeep: To limit another party's participation in a collective identity or activity, usually due to undue pettiness, resentment, or overprotectiveness.
packs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of pack on
misbrand: To make a mistake in branding a product or service, as by poor association of the name in a significant group of potential customers.
misbrand: In the law of food and drugs, to convey false or misleading information about a product.
blitzing: present participle and gerund of blitz
beetling: present participle and gerund of beetle
revested: simple past and past participle of revest
amercing: present participle and gerund of amerce
motoring: present participle and gerund of motor
unspools: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspool
brokered: simple past and past participle of broker
précises: third-person singular simple present indicative of précis
bicycled: simple past and past participle of bicycle
billowed: simple past and past participle of billow
bastions: third-person singular simple present indicative of bastion
bloating: present participle and gerund of bloat
foresaid: simple past and past participle of foresay
quidding: present participle and gerund of quid
quinined: simple past and past participle of quinine
blotches: third-person singular simple present indicative of blotch
lip lock: Alternative form of lip-lock
lip lock: To kiss.
lip lock: Alternative form of lip-lock
lip lock: To hook a fish.
lip-lock: To kiss for an extended period of time.
lip-lock: To hook a fish by inserting a curled finger under the gill cover and extending it to the fish's jaw.
festoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of festoon
receiued: simple past and past participle of receiue
mighteth: (archaic) third-person singular simple present indicative of may.
mightest: second-person singular simple past indicative of may
rehappen: To happen again
chooseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of choose
glorieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glory
catcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of catch
pursueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pursue
availeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of avail
reacheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of reach
soundest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sound
rebuketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebuke
saluteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of salute
teachest: second-person singular simple present indicative of teach
humbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of humble
trustest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trust
stirreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stir
treadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tread
watcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of watch
reigneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of reign
awaiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of await
yieldeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of yield
tempteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tempt
standest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stand
watereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of water
endowing: present participle and gerund of endow
stood up: simple past and past participle of stand up
hoverest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hover
metalled: simple past and past participle of metal
perceiue: Obsolete spelling of perceive
baby-sat: simple past and past participle of baby-sit
pillages: third-person singular simple present indicative of pillage
rightest: second-person singular simple present indicative of right
chargeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of charge
buildest: second-person singular simple present indicative of build
defileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of defile
diviseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of divise
climbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of climb
clippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clip
edifieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of edify
charmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of charm
escapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of escape
grieveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grieve
kindleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of kindle
planteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of plant
marrieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of marry
offerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of offer
mourneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mourn
presseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of press
removeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of remove
refuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of refuse
oughteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ought
shutteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shut
pricketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of prick
sheddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shed
scorneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scorn
mumbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mumble
oughtest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ought
oughtest: second-person singular simple past indicative of owe
oughtest: second-person singular simple past indicative of ought
studieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of study
sticketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stick
visitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of visit
tumbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tumble
fumbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fumble
rumbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rumble
stoppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stop
striveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of strive
blessest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bless
desirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of desire
cheereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheer
alloweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of allow
stinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stink
becamest: second-person singular simple past indicative of become
strikest: second-person singular simple present indicative of strike
dreameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dream
clucketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of cluck
groaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of groan
pleasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of please
seduceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seduce
seducest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seduce
smelleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of smell
shooteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoot
subdueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of subdue
stealeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of steal
wakeneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of waken
soundeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sound
flickest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flick
spitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spit
voyaging: present participle and gerund of voyage
essaying: present participle and gerund of essay
holsters: third-person singular simple present indicative of holster
befitted: simple past and past participle of befit
rebutted: simple past and past participle of rebut
rebrands: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebrand
puts off: third-person singular simple present indicative of put off
respider: To spider again.
grumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of grumble
repulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of repulse
rebutter: To apply butter to (something) again.
bevering: present participle and gerund of bever
forfends: third-person singular simple present indicative of forfend
anodizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of anodize
wall off: To separate with a wall.
wall off: To isolate completely.
lay open: To publish a patent for initial public review, prior to the formal application for registration.
lay open: To expose or reveal (something).
lay open: To open (something) through cutting or scissoring.
caucused: simple past and past participle of caucus
headdesk: To bang one's head against the desk in frustration; (by extension) to express annoyance or exasperation.
red-card: To show (a player) a red card, and dismiss them from the playing area; to send off.
kickflip: To perform a kickflip.
stellate: To extend the edges or planes of a polyhedron to form a new shape.
renewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of renew
repliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of reply
snarleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of snarl
reposeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of repose
trekking: present participle and gerund of trek
staineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stain
swearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swear
kibitzed: simple past and past participle of kibitz
kibitzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kibitz
tittered: simple past and past participle of titter
pattered: simple past and past participle of patter
pretreat: To give something a treatment prior to another operation.
bestrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestrew
blindest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blind
xeroxing: present participle and gerund of xerox
vivifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of vivify
leaguing: present participle and gerund of league
muzzling: present participle and gerund of muzzle
scrooped: simple past and past participle of scroop
outsized: simple past and past participle of outsize
groveled: simple past of grovel
obscures: third-person singular simple present indicative of obscure
mounteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mount
pursuest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pursue
praisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of praise
matcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of match
marcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of march
knitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of knit
overlive: To survive; to live past.
overlive: To outlive; live longer than.
overlive: To live too long.
overlive: To live too fast, too luxuriously, or too actively.
arraying: present participle and gerund of array
grievest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grieve
droopest: second-person singular simple present indicative of droop
debateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of debate
debatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of debate
sleighed: simple past and past participle of sleigh
droopeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of droop
exactest: second-person singular simple present indicative of exact
changest: second-person singular simple present indicative of change
fumblest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fumble
ankylose: To cause bony structures to fuse or stiffen as a result of ankylosis.
ankylose: To suffer from ankylosis.
accusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of accuse
bleedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleed
blusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blush
betidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of betide
betideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of betide
blushest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blush
boundeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bound
boundest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bound
boundest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bind
bleedest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bleed
accuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of accuse
wetnurse: Alternative spelling of wet nurse
grimaced: simple past and past participle of grimace
sexed up: simple past and past participle of sex up
enchains: third-person singular simple present indicative of enchain
dawns on: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawn on
scrooges: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrooge
lesioned: simple past and past participle of lesion
splaying: present participle and gerund of splay
machined: simple past and past participle of machine
asphalts: third-person singular simple present indicative of asphalt
averring: present participle and gerund of aver
swarming: present participle and gerund of swarm
shouldna: Contraction of should not have.
shouldna: Alternative form of shouldnae.
bodysurf: To ride waves or surf without equipment, such as a surfboard.
bodysurf: To ride waves either without equipment or with a handboard.
demonise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of demonize.
threshed: simple past and past participle of thresh
trepaned: simple past and past participle of trepan
pouching: present participle and gerund of pouch
sack out: To fall asleep, usually from implied exhaustion.
trephine: To use a trephine during surgery.
trephine: To perforate with a trephine.
traffics: third-person singular simple present indicative of traffic
move out: To leave one's present location; to leave somewhere for another place.
move out: To vacate one's place of residence or employment.
oviposit: To lay eggs.
validify: To validate.
trolleys: third-person singular simple present indicative of trolley
trollied: simple past and past participle of trolley
trussing: present participle and gerund of truss
tunneled: simple past and past participle of tunnel
uncrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrate
uncrated: simple past and past participle of uncrate
co-opted: simple past and past participle of co-opt
coopting: present participle and gerund of coopt
bisected: simple past and past participle of bisect
tuckered: simple past and past participle of tucker
codifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of codify
collages: third-person singular simple present indicative of collage
laughest: second-person singular simple present indicative of laugh
enameled: simple past and past participle of enamel
fluff up: To plump up.
fluff up: To make a gaffe or blunder; to fuck up.
enriches: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrich
equating: present participle and gerund of equate
encoffin: To place or enclose in a coffin.
festered: simple past and past participle of fester
flaunted: past participle of flaunt
foresees: third-person singular simple present indicative of foresee
flutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of flutter
fleshing: present participle and gerund of flesh
flouting: present participle and gerund of flout
blabbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blabber
flinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of flinch
cambered: simple past and past participle of camber
haggling: present participle and gerund of haggle
parceled: simple past and past participle of parcel
parented: simple past and past participle of parent
spice up: To enhance the flavor of something by adding spice to it.
spice up: To make more exotic, fun or extravagant.
pedalled: simple past and past participle of pedal
cook off: To pull the pin from a grenade and wait two or three seconds before throwing.
cook off: As with above, except to unintentionally wait so long that the grenade detonates.
cook off: To cause an accidental detonation of explosives, especially due to excess heat.
cook off: To accidentally detonate, especially as the result of excess heat.
cook off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cook, off.
sidefoot: To kick something with the instep of the foot.
swiveled: simple past and past participle of swivel
yellowed: simple past and past participle of yellow
telework: To telecommute.
bitchin': Alternative spelling of bitching
enquires: third-person singular simple present indicative of enquire
mortised: simple past and past participle of mortise
mortises: third-person singular simple present indicative of mortise
midwifes: third-person singular simple present indicative of midwife
midwived: simple past and past participle of midwife
midwifed: simple past and past participle of midwife.
obtruded: simple past and past participle of obtrude
obtrudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of obtrude
nuzzling: present participle and gerund of nuzzle
odorized: simple past and past participle of odorize
odorizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of odorize
overblew: simple past of overblow
outpaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpace
outlives: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlive
outpaced: simple past and past participle of outpace
alarumed: simple past and past participle of alarum
overblow: To cover with blossoms or flowers.
overblow: To blow over or across.
overblow: To blow away; dissipate by or as by wind.
overblow: To exaggerate the significance of something.
overblow: To blow a wind instrument (typically a whistle, recorder or flute) hard to produce a higher pitch than usual.
overblow: Of a wind instrument, to move from its lower to its higher register.
overblow: Of the wind: to blow very hard, often resulting in ships unable to carry full sail.
overblow: To blow over; pass over; pass away.
accouche: To aid in an accouchement.
trembles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tremble
gave out: simple past of give out
bunkered: simple past and past participle of bunker
ran away: simple past of run away
sprucing: present participle and gerund of spruce
overdoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of overdo
foregoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of forego
overeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of overeat
overlies: third-person singular simple present indicative of overlie
habiting: present participle and gerund of habit
outgrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgrow
rethinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rethink
rebuilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebuild
sculling: present participle and gerund of scull
psyching: present participle and gerund of psyche
beggared: simple past and past participle of beggar
fleering: present participle and gerund of fleer
impounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of impound
repaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of repaint
roosting: present participle and gerund of roost
aliments: third-person singular simple present indicative of aliment
slouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of slouch
immuring: present participle and gerund of immure
nobbling: present participle and gerund of nobble
knolling: present participle and gerund of knoll
swelters: third-person singular simple present indicative of swelter
unlearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlearn
coopered: simple past and past participle of cooper
homering: present participle and gerund of homer
shimmies: third-person singular simple present indicative of shimmy
harvests: third-person singular simple present indicative of harvest
travails: third-person singular simple present indicative of travail
footpads: third-person singular simple present indicative of footpad
purifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of purify
restains: third-person singular simple present indicative of restain
apodized: simple past and past participle of apodize
dowering: present participle and gerund of dower
apodizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of apodize
stooking: present participle and gerund of stook
beshrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshrew
collides: third-person singular simple present indicative of collide
probates: third-person singular simple present indicative of probate
clagging: present participle and gerund of clag
carpools: third-person singular simple present indicative of carpool
babbitts: third-person singular simple present indicative of babbitt
debrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of debride
steepens: third-person singular simple present indicative of steepen
houghing: present participle and gerund of hough
outboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbox
doomsays: third-person singular simple present indicative of doomsay
wardrove: simple past and past participle of wardrive
fordoing: present participle and gerund of fordo
probated: simple past and past participle of probate
rehouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehouse
reburies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebury
reforges: third-person singular simple present indicative of reforge
rewashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewash
rejudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejudge
chaunted: simple past and past participle of chaunt
revalues: third-person singular simple present indicative of revalue
outwears: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwear
reweaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of reweave
reprices: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprice
misfiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfile
misnames: third-person singular simple present indicative of misname
exscinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of exscind
demerges: third-person singular simple present indicative of demerge
uncloaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncloak
reequips: third-person singular simple present indicative of reequip
misplays: third-person singular simple present indicative of misplay
unloosed: simple past and past participle of unloose
deorbits: third-person singular simple present indicative of deorbit
recopies: third-person singular simple present indicative of recopy
unsaying: present participle and gerund of unsay
unreeled: simple past and past participle of unreel
unlooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unloose
unsnarls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsnarl
mistypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistype
unpinned: simple past and past participle of unpin
wisening: present participle and gerund of wisen
unburies: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbury
outeaten: simple past and past participle of outeat
gatekept: simple past and past participle of gatekeep
solvates: third-person singular simple present indicative of solvate
annoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of annoint
regrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrade
unburied: simple past and past participle of unbury
wayfared: simple past and past participle of wayfare
wayfares: third-person singular simple present indicative of wayfare
rechewed: simple past and past participle of rechew
sunbakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sunbake
zeroizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zeroize
zeroized: simple past and past participle of zeroize
liplocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of liplock
miskicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of miskick
sunbaked: simple past and past participle of sunbake
acylates: third-person singular simple present indicative of acylate
plump up: To make plumper
plump up: To shake or arrange (a pillow etc) so as to be fatter or more evenly distributed
acylated: simple past and past participle of acylate
bloodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloody
atomized: simple past and past participle of atomize
biograph: To write a biography of.
shirring: present participle and gerund of shirr
shirring: present participle and gerund of shir
atomizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atomize
handball: To manually load or unload a container, trailer, or to otherwise manually move bulk goods (often on pallets) from one type of transport receptacle to another.
handball: To illegally touch the ball with the hand or arm.
handball: To (legally) pass a football by holding it with one hand and hitting it with the other.
handball: To insert a hand into someone's anus.
surveils: third-person singular simple present indicative of surveil
smoothen: To make smooth.
smoothen: To become smooth.
lampwork: To produce items by means of this process.
overfall: To fall on or spill over so as to cover (something).
overfall: To change or affect so as to pervade (something); to come over
overfall: To fall over; to spill from an edge or height.
overfall: To fall over; to topple.
ran back: simple past of run back
run back: To take someone home by car; to give someone a lift to their house.
run back: To rewind a film or cassette.
run back: To revisit, repeat, or do something over.
dilatate: To dilate.
light up: To illuminate, to bring light to something, to brighten.
light up: To start to emit light; to become activated as a light source.
light up: To show an increase in activity or a brightening of mood.
light up: To ignite.
light up: To light a cigarette, pipe, etc.
light up: To make happy.
light up: To open fire on a target or group of targets, especially with rockets, a flamethrower etc.
light up: To shock (someone) with a stun gun.
light up: To activate the emergency sirens on a police vehicle in order to pull someone over.
light up: To loosen, slacken, or ease off.
wrongest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wrong
blenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of blench
blenched: simple past and past participle of blench
swamping: present participle and gerund of swamp
calcines: third-person singular simple present indicative of calcine
ran over: simple past of run over
crinkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crinkle
deep six: To discard, get rid of, or cancel; to completely put an end to something.
bewaring: present participle and gerund of beware
astricts: third-person singular simple present indicative of astrict
set free: To release, to free, to give freedom to.
couldest: second-person singular simple past indicative of can
come off: To become detached.
come off: To have some success; to succeed.
come off: To have an orgasm.
come off: To appear; to seem; to project a certain quality.
come off: To escape or get off (lightly, etc.); to come out of a situation without significant harm.
come off: To occur; to take place.
come off: To come away (from a place); to leave.
fixed up: simple past and past participle of fix up
hockling: present participle and gerund of hockle
chapping: present participle and gerund of chap
ammonify: To treat with ammonia; to ammoniate.
beavered: simple past and past participle of beaver
beavered: simple past and past participle of beaver
civilise: To educate or enlighten a person or people to a perceived higher standard of behaviour.
civilise: To introduce or impose the standards of one civilisation upon another civilization, group or person, arguably with the intent of achieving a perceived higher standard of behavior.
civilise: To bring from a state of savagery to an educated or refined state.
gets out: third-person singular simple present indicative of get out
reputing: present participle and gerund of repute
root out: To remove or abolish completely.
root out: To search for and discover.
attrited: simple past and past participle of attrite
attrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of attrite
skip out: To shirk; to avoid attending or to leave early, especially without permission.
kibbling: present participle and gerund of kibble
leashing: present participle and gerund of leash
liveries: third-person singular simple present indicative of livery
localise: alternative spelling of localize
yield up: To give something against one's will.
yield up: To disclose something hidden.
forbeare: Archaic spelling of forbear.
witnesse: Archaic spelling of witness.
expresse: Archaic spelling of express.
rampages: third-person singular simple present indicative of rampage
rampaged: simple past and past participle of rampage
yank off: To remove something, like a piece of cloth or bread, by tearing it with one quick strong pull.
yank off: Of a man: to masturbate.
rivaling: present participle and gerund of rival
strideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stride
ensorcel: Alternative spelling of ensorcell
radicate: To cause to take root; to plant or establish firmly.
radicate: To take root; to become established.
radicate: To extract the root of a number.
edit out: To remove before publication or broadcasting (as an editorial decision).
eat away: To erode or corrode gradually.
revering: present participle and gerund of revere
retaking: present participle and gerund of retake
psalmody: To celebrate in psalms.
impanate: To embody in bread, especially in the bread of the Eucharist.
ransomed: simple past and past participle of ransom
remounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of remount
reloaded: simple past and past participle of reload
reweight: To replace or adjust weights that are attached to something.
reweight: To adjust the weighting given to a value.
reweight: To adjust or reassign the handicap weight.
pickaxed: simple past and past participle of pickax
reboring: present participle and gerund of rebore
reconned: simple past and past participle of recon
recycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of recycle
reshelve: To shelve again; to place back on a shelf.
baptises: third-person singular simple present indicative of baptise
billeted: simple past and past participle of billet
antiqued: simple past and past participle of antique
soddened: simple past and past participle of sodden
atomises: third-person singular simple present indicative of atomise
bingeing: present participle and gerund of binge
biopsied: simple past and past participle of biopsy
berrying: present participle and gerund of berry
subtends: third-person singular simple present indicative of subtend
reinsure: To insure again (extending or replacing prior insurance).
reinsure: To place insurance on the contract that insures something (allowing the insurer to offset risk in the same way the insuree did).
roughens: third-person singular simple present indicative of roughen
foxtrots: third-person singular simple present indicative of foxtrot
debranch: To remove the branches from.
debranch: To tear off.
empoison: To poison.
empoison: 1600, Edward Fairfax, The Jerusalem Delivered of Tasso, X, lxv:
empoison: 1600, Edward Fairfax, The Jerusalem Delivered of Tasso, X, lxv
empoison: 1 September 2000, Jerzy Karczmarczuk, “Separating algorithms from implementations (long)”, in comp.graphics.algorithms (Usenet)
empoison: Shooting somebody, empoisoning him or hanging him give quite often more or less the same results.
empoison: 2006, Lilian Chambers, Eamonn Jordan, The Theatre of Martin McDonagh: A World of Savage Stories, Peter Lang, →ISBN, page 29
empoison: Mag and Maureen do not represent an idealized, sentimentalized mother-and-child relationship; they are two unhappy, malignant harpies tearing and empoisoning each other.
renverse: Obsolete form of reverse.
souffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of souffle
soufflés: third-person singular simple present indicative of soufflé
broaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of broach
noodling: present participle and gerund of noodle
misdoubt: To doubt the existence or reality of.
misdoubt: To have suspicions about.
highlite: Misspelling of highlight.
hilights: Misspelling of highlights.
strewing: present participle and gerund of strew
decrying: present participle and gerund of decry
ensnares: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensnare
ensnared: simple past and past participle of ensnare
canonise: Non-Oxford British English spelling of canonize
disfrock: To remove from status as a member of a clergy; to unfrock.
satisfie: Archaic spelling of satisfy.
vanitize: To embellish for reasons of vanity.
avouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of avouch
avouched: simple past and past participle of avouch
kittling: present participle and gerund of kittle
die back: To wither, particularly during the winter.
controul: Obsolete form of control.
decoying: present participle and gerund of decoy
curtseys: third-person singular simple present indicative of curtsey
ensample: To exemplify, to show by example.
curtsies: third-person singular simple present indicative of curtsey
jointure: To settle a jointure upon.
begs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of beg off
supputes: third-person singular simple present indicative of suppute
repasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of repass
copaying: present participle and gerund of copay
rescript: To script again or anew.
masoning: present participle and gerund of mason
chunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of chunder
batiking: present participle and gerund of batik
addeemed: simple past and past participle of addeem
addoomed: simple past and past participle of addoom
vapoured: simple past and past participle of vapour
widowing: present participle and gerund of widow
pratfell: simple past and past participle of pratfall
adeeming: present participle and gerund of adeem
gaggling: present participle and gerund of gaggle
enqueued: simple past and past participle of enqueue
acquiets: third-person singular simple present indicative of acquiet
enqueues: third-person singular simple present indicative of enqueue
dogfoods: third-person singular simple present indicative of dogfood
dismasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dismast
wriggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wriggle
cheeping: present participle and gerund of cheep
engaoled: simple past and past participle of engaol
seesawed: simple past and past participle of seesaw
wittered: simple past and past participle of witter
santered: simple past and past participle of santer
thwocked: simple past and past participle of thwock
figgered: simple past and past participle of figger
librated: simple past and past participle of librate
librates: third-person singular simple present indicative of librate
enjailed: simple past and past participle of enjail
cludging: present participle and gerund of cludge
attuites: third-person singular simple present indicative of attuite
attuited: simple past and past participle of attuite
slockens: third-person singular simple present indicative of slocken
overfell: simple past and past participle of overfall
overfell: To fell too many trees.
knurling: present participle and gerund of knurl
favorise: Alternative form of favorize
gratinée: To bake a dish so that it has a gratinée (crust) on top.
gratinés: third-person singular simple present indicative of gratiné
alkylate: To add one or more alkyl groups to a compound, especially by reacting with an alkylating agent
set foot: To enter
set foot: To step onto
renforce: Obsolete form of reinforce.
magnifie: Obsolete form of magnify.
debugged: simple past and past participle of debug
dewaxing: present participle and gerund of dewax
deoiling: present participle and gerund of deoil
fluidize: To give particles of solid the properties of a fluid, either by shaking or by injecting gas
disobeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of disobey
enraging: present participle and gerund of enrage
rat fink: Alternative form of ratfink.
unvicars: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvicar
puttered: simple past and past participle of putter
tranting: present participle and gerund of trant
periling: present participle and gerund of peril
livescan: To obtain fingerprint images electronically.
radaring: present participle and gerund of radar
concaved: simple past and past participle of concave
missteps: third-person singular simple present indicative of misstep
sleeving: present participle and gerund of sleeve
upkeeped: simple past and past participle of upkeep
scrimped: simple past and past participle of scrimp
saunters: third-person singular simple present indicative of saunter
hankered: simple past and past participle of hanker
reallows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reallow
concaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of concave
tariffed: simple past and past participle of tariff
tweeting: present participle and gerund of tweet
vitriols: third-person singular simple present indicative of vitriol
tchicked: simple past and past participle of tchick
exeunted: simple past and past participle of exeunt
trounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of trounce
trounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of trounce
enfeoffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of enfeoff
agatized: simple past and past participle of agatize
adonized: simple past and past participle of adonize
adonizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of adonize
agatizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of agatize
prusiked: simple past and past participle of prusik
twerking: present participle and gerund of twerk
apprizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of apprize
casefied: simple past and past participle of casefy
casefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of casefy
tallaged: simple past and past participle of tallage
tallages: third-person singular simple present indicative of tallage
brangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of brangle
apprized: simple past and past participle of apprize
teending: present participle and gerund of teend
encaving: present participle and gerund of encave
lappered: simple past and past participle of lapper
reluming: present participle and gerund of relume
misliked: simple past and past participle of mislike
mislikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislike
puff out: To inflate.
puff out: To blow briefly and lightly.
puff out: To emit puffs of smoke or exhaust
araising: present participle and gerund of araise
slubbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slubber
disjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of disjoin
skalling: present participle and gerund of skall
belaving: present participle and gerund of belave
fangling: present participle and gerund of fangle
sneaping: present participle and gerund of sneap
defrayed: simple past and past participle of defray
deionize: To remove the ions from
editting: Misspelling of editing.
ratooned: simple past and past participle of ratoon
saw wood: To snore loudly.
decimals: third-person singular simple present indicative of decimal
dickered: simple past and past participle of dicker
queening: present participle and gerund of queen
atomised: simple past and past participle of atomise
refolded: simple past and past participle of refold
pebbling: present participle and gerund of pebble
deputise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of deputize.
uncaging: present participle and gerund of uncage
digitise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of digitize.
air mail: Alternative form of airmail
backflow: To flow in the wrong or backward direction.
diapered: simple past and past participle of diaper
bakshish: Alternative spelling of baksheesh
charring: present participle and gerund of char
filching: present participle and gerund of filch
damaskin: Alternative form of damascene
flubbing: present participle and gerund of flub
wibbling: present participle and gerund of wibble
griddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of griddle
grouting: present participle and gerund of grout
garbling: present participle and gerund of garble
efforces: third-person singular simple present indicative of efforce
chelated: simple past and past participle of chelate
implores: third-person singular simple present indicative of implore
cyclised: simple past and past participle of cyclise
unerases: third-person singular simple present indicative of unerase
alterred: Misspelling of altered.
prefered: Misspelling of preferred.
refering: Misspelling of referring.
skanking: present participle and gerund of skank
unerased: simple past and past participle of unerase
degassed: simple past and past participle of degas
degrease: To remove grease from something.
gimleted: simple past and past participle of gimlet
gestated: simple past and past participle of gestate
vilifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of vilify
gestates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gestate
vilified: simple past and past participle of vilify
desorbed: simple past and past participle of desorb
facetted: simple past and past participle of facet
flusters: third-person singular simple present indicative of fluster
grokking: present participle and gerund of grok
bring in: To move something indoors, or into an area.
bring in: To introduce a new rule, law, or system of organisation.
bring in: To introduce a person or group of people to an organisation.
bring in: To earn money for a company or for the family.
bring in: To return a verdict in a court of law.
haltered: simple past and past participle of halter
girlcott: To boycott.
pull-ups: third-person singular simple present indicative of pull-up
harrumph: Alternative spelling of harumph
irrorate: To sprinkle or moisten with dew; to bedew.
flighten: Pronunciation spelling of frighten.
flighten: Pronunciation spelling of frightened.
brandied: simple past and past participle of brandy
kidnaped: simple past and past participle of kidnap
kidnaped: Alternative spelling of kidnapped
dimerise: Alternative spelling of dimerize
dimerize: To produce, or to undergo dimerization
ethylate: To react with an ethyl compound so as to introduce one or more ethyl groups into a compound
weaseled: simple past and past participle of weasel
twanging: present participle and gerund of twang
sit back: To recline while still in a seated position, with one's back on the frame of the seat.
sit back: To relax, to not exert oneself.
gun down: To kill by means of a firearm, especially deliberately and in a brutal manner.
gun down: To shoot down; to put an end to.
unjudged: simple past and past participle of unjudge
uncursed: simple past and past participle of uncurse
congrues: third-person singular simple present indicative of congrue
lustrate: Synonym of purify, to ritually cleanse or renew, particularly to do so with a propitiatory offering or (historical) the lustration, quinquennial ritual of the Roman censor to cleanse the city after a census.
lustrate: Synonym of pass through, traverse.
lustrate: Synonym of look, look over, survey.
lustrate: Synonym of luster, to impart luster to, to make lustrous.
broke up: simple past of break up
tripwire: To set a tripwire mechanism in (a location).
parkours: third-person singular simple present indicative of parkour
glistens: third-person singular simple present indicative of glisten
gamboled: simple past and past participle of gambol
goggling: present participle and gerund of goggle
imploded: simple past and past participle of implode
interbed: To interleave between other beds or strata having different characteristics
inerting: present participle and gerund of inert
bourgeon: Obsolete form of burgeon.
stanched: simple past and past participle of stanch
stanches: third-person singular simple present indicative of stanch
iodinate: To treat, or to combine, with iodine
jointing: present participle and gerund of joint
degasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of degas
oxidises: third-person singular simple present indicative of oxidise
oxidised: simple past and past participle of oxidise
unfenced: simple past and past participle of unfence
ignobles: third-person singular simple present indicative of ignoble
implodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of implode
premised: simple past and past participle of premise
whelping: present participle and gerund of whelp
entitize: To convert into an entity; to perceive as tangible or alive.
entitize: To convert a character into a character entity reference.
sphinxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sphinx
polaroid: To photograph with a polaroid camera.
joyrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of joyride
pregrind: To grind something prior to use or assembly
outfoxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfox
jumbling: present participle and gerund of jumble
premixed: simple past and past participle of premix
refluxed: simple past and past participle of reflux
silanate: To react or treat (porcelain etc) with a silane
slurries: third-person singular simple present indicative of slurry
racemize: To convert (an enantiomer) into a racemic mixture.
weigh in: To undergo a weigh-in.
weigh in: To subject to a weigh-in.
weigh in: To weigh.
weigh in: To bring in one's weight, metaphorically speaking, to bear on an issue; frequently construed with on or with.
yodelled: simple past and past participle of yodel
wagering: present participle and gerund of wager
tosylate: To modify by the addition of one or more tosyl groups
whetting: present participle and gerund of whet
egocasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of egocast
see-saws: third-person singular simple present indicative of see-saw
ring out: To sound clearly and loudly.
ring out: To make a phone call from an internal phone system to a general telephone network number.
ring out: To equalize a sound system to eliminate feedback.
ring out: To eliminate the middlemen in a circular pattern of transactions.
ring out: To throw (an opponent) out of the arena, thereby winning.
hackneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of hackney
etherify: To convert (an alcohol etc.) into an ether.
hussy up: To dress so as to be more sexually attractive, often applying excessive makeup or wearing revealing clothing.
impinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of impinge
jimmying: present participle and gerund of jimmy
chibbing: present participle and gerund of chib
jigsawed: simple past and past participle of jigsaw
calledst: second-person singular simple past indicative of call
shewedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of shew
embugger: to bugger; to engage in anal intercourse
knotting: present participle and gerund of knot
inputted: simple past and past participle of input
seceding: present participle and gerund of secede
jetskied: simple past and past participle of jetski
libelled: simple past and past participle of libel
dump out: To discard, to throw away, to toss out.
dump out: To empty a container by turning its contents out over a surface.
kippered: simple past and past participle of kipper
accrease: To increase.
lassoing: present participle and gerund of lasso
capriole: To leap; to caper.
capriole: To cause (one's mounted horse) to perform a capriole.
napalmed: simple past and past participle of napalm
fucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fuck up
swounded: simple past and past participle of swound
lungeing: present participle and gerund of lunge
transmat: To teleport; to (cause to) travel via transmat device.
educates: third-person singular simple present indicative of educate
cudgeled: simple past and past participle of cudgel
warms up: third-person singular simple present indicative of warm up
shut out: To prevent from entering; to block or exclude.
shut out: To hide from sight.
shut out: To refuse to be open and vulnerable toward.
shut out: To prevent from scoring; to perform a shutout.
fasciate: To bind.
fasciate: To apply fascia.
longeing: present participle and gerund of longe
interess: interest
foreshow: To show in advance; to foretell, predict.
foreshow: To foreshadow or prefigure.
backwash: To operate a water filter in the reverse direction in order to clean it.
backwash: To affect with backwash.
backwash: To clean the oil from wool after combing.
pelleted: simple past and past participle of pellet
sneak up: To approach a person or animal without being seen or heard
sneak up: To deliver a sudden effect, often unexpectedly and without warning.
rearming: present participle and gerund of rearm
sneak in: To enter without being noticed.
sneak in: To barely advance or be allowed entry in a competition or organization despite minimal credentials or competitors thought to be superior.
sneak in: To take (something) in covertly, to smuggle.
riffling: present participle and gerund of riffle
reprised: simple past and past participle of reprise
slip off: To leave a place, or a meeting, without being noticed
slip off: To remove an article of clothing
slip off: To leave a port, anchorage or mooring
uncoated: simple past and past participle of uncoat
welching: present participle and gerund of welch
demixing: present participle and gerund of demix
punch up: To beat (someone) up by punching, to fist-fight.
punch up: To attack or target a group of greater power or status than oneself.
punch up: To make bolder, zestier, or more exciting.
punch up: To switch (a source) into the main transmission.
deaerate: To remove the air or gas from something
glugging: present participle and gerund of glug
vocalise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of vocalize.
unhemmed: simple past and past participle of unhem
kotowing: present participle and gerund of kotow
waylayed: simple past and past participle of waylay
repoussé: To use this metalworking technique.
Disneyfy: To make something (especially a location) more acceptable or marketable by removing potentially distasteful, controversial or boring elements, particularly at the cost of its history and culture.
feminise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of feminize.
antiport: To simultaneously transport different molecules or ions through a cell membrane in opposite directions
ovulates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ovulate
ovulated: simple past and past participle of ovulate
isograft: To perform a transplant of this kind.
feminize: To make (more) feminine.
feminize: To become (more) feminine.
opaquing: present participle and gerund of opaque
overpays: third-person singular simple present indicative of overpay
overjoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of overjoy
outsells: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsell
bivouack: Archaic form of bivouac.
kiss ass: to flatter or perform favors excessively, especially to receive preferential treatment from a boss or other superior; to behave obsequiously.
dollying: present participle and gerund of dolly
unfurled: simple past and past participle of unfurl
attiring: present participle and gerund of attire
tramples: third-person singular simple present indicative of trample
tangoing: present participle and gerund of tango
tonguing: present participle and gerund of tongue
tinseled: simple past and past participle of tinsel
monkeyed: simple past and past participle of monkey
misruled: simple past and past participle of misrule
mamboing: present participle and gerund of mambo
moseying: present participle and gerund of mosey
mistimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistime
jollying: present participle and gerund of jolly
maturest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mature
dibbling: present participle and gerund of dibble
docketed: simple past and past participle of docket
maximise: Alternative spelling of maximize
dandling: present participle and gerund of dandle
moralise: Alternative spelling of moralize
motorise: alternative form of motorize
latching: present participle and gerund of latch
defatted: simple past and past participle of defat
quipping: present participle and gerund of quip
abluding: present participle and gerund of ablude
degermed: simple past and past participle of degerm
aggraded: simple past and past participle of aggrade
aggrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggrade
assoyled: simple past and past participle of assoyle
assarted: simple past and past participle of assart
astonies: third-person singular simple present indicative of astony
awhaping: present participle and gerund of awhape
aggreges: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggrege
bartends: third-person singular simple present indicative of bartend
banjaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of banjax
avocated: simple past and past participle of avocate
beelined: simple past and past participle of beeline
bedimmed: simple past and past participle of bedim
avocates: third-person singular simple present indicative of avocate
bejewels: third-person singular simple present indicative of bejewel
belating: present participle and gerund of belate
aggreged: simple past and past participle of aggrege
bepaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepaint
awarning: present participle and gerund of awarn
assoyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of assoyle
bepelted: simple past and past participle of bepelt
bibbling: present participle and gerund of bibble
blarneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of blarney
bogeying: present participle and gerund of bogey
blithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blither
birching: present participle and gerund of birch
beveling: present participle and gerund of bevel
blunging: present participle and gerund of blunge
blubbing: present participle and gerund of blub
brunched: simple past and past participle of brunch
cognosce: To determine a person to be insane or mentally incompetent.
cognosce: To examine; to give judgment.
botanise: Alternative spelling of botanize
delisted: simple past and past participle of delist
allocute: To make an allocution.
clerking: present participle and gerund of clerk
seriated: simple past and past participle of seriate
nebulize: To convert liquid into a fine spray of aerosols, by using a nebulizer; to atomize
nebulize: To treat a patient with medicine applied using a nebulizer
ossifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ossify
wuss out: To fail to do something because of cowardice.
mishears: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishear
palpated: simple past and past participle of palpate
palpates: third-person singular simple present indicative of palpate
revamped: simple past and past participle of revamp
rebadged: simple past and past participle of rebadge
remaster: To produce a new version of a recording by remixing the original master recordings.
remaster: To create a new master copy by enhancing sound or picture quality of an older recording.
remaster: To produce a new version of a video game with updated graphics, often re-recorded music, and added features and content.
bebother: To bring trouble upon.
Sherlock: To deduce.
Sherlock: To search.
Sherlock: To obsolete a unique feature in third-party software by introducing a similar or identical feature to the OS or a first-party program/app.
predated: simple past and past participle of predate
longlist: To add to a longlist; to consider prior to a later and narrower shortlist.
brigaded: simple past and past participle of brigade
co-write: Alternative spelling of cowrite
mottling: present participle and gerund of mottle
retitled: simple past and past participle of retitle
brocaded: simple past and past participle of brocade
reimport: To import again.
reimport: To import goods which have previously been exported, particularly pharmaceutical products, back into the country of origin.
rickroll: To mislead (someone) into following a seemingly innocuous hyperlink, or sometimes a QR code, that leads to a YouTube video of Rick Astley's song "Never Gonna Give You Up".
rickroll: To surprise or trick (someone) into hearing this song.
rickroll: To cause (someone) to unexpectedly engage with this song through an indirect method, such as through steganography, sheet music, or by inserting the lyrics into an unrelated context.
go spare: To be available or unused.
go spare: To become very angry; to become frustrated or distraught: see spare.
go spare: To be unemployed.
quarried: simple past and past participle of quarry
quenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of quench
querying: present participle and gerund of query
muckling: present participle and gerund of muckle
rarefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rarefy
resounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of resound
disunite: To cause disagreement or alienation among or within.
disunite: To separate, sever, or split.
disunite: To disintegrate; to come apart.
teletype: To use a teletype.
encrease: Obsolete spelling of increase
dogpiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of dogpile
refloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of refloat
cavitate: To form vapour bubbles in a flowing liquid in a region where the pressure of the liquid falls below its vapour pressure.
think on: To think about; to meditate concerning.
theorise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of theorize.
tenoning: present participle and gerund of tenon
jellying: present participle and gerund of jelly (making jelly; or squirming like jelly)
clemming: present participle and gerund of clem
raffling: present participle and gerund of raffle
gave way: simple past of give way
forbodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of forbode
shit off: Synonym of fuck off
shit off: to annoy
readying: present participle and gerund of ready
rehashed: simple past and past participle of rehash
rehashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehash
recenter: To center (something) again.
give way: To yield to persistent persuasion.
give way: To collapse or break under physical stresses.
give way: To be followed, succeeded, or replaced by.
give way: To give precedence to other road users.
give way: To allow another person to intervene to make a point or ask a question whilst one is delivering a speech.
give way: To allow the expression of (a pent-up emotion, grief, etc.).
give way: To begin rowing.
edge out: To defeat in a contest or a game by a narrow margin of victory.
focusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of focus
refitted: simple past and past participle of refit
reinject: To inject again.
reinject: To cause to reenter.
remaking: present participle and gerund of remake
rerolled: simple past and past participle of reroll
uncapped: simple past and past participle of uncap
stimming: present participle and gerund of stim
rumpling: present participle and gerund of rumple
shamming: present participle and gerund of sham
rosining: present participle and gerund of rosin
retrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrain
retrying: present participle and gerund of retry
respells: third-person singular simple present indicative of respell
revisits: third-person singular simple present indicative of revisit
misvalue: To value wrongly: to misjudge the value of.
devolute: To devolve.
rebating: present participle and gerund of rebate
vamoosed: simple past and past participle of vamoose
veneered: simple past and past participle of veneer
vamooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of vamoose
deratted: simple past and past participle of derat
toggling: present participle and gerund of toggle
trickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of trickle
tussling: present participle and gerund of tussle
twinging: present participle and gerund of twinge
tousling: present participle and gerund of tousle
tourneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of tourney
tippling: present participle and gerund of tipple
trilling: present participle and gerund of trill
glorying: present participle and gerund of glory
frisbeed: simple past and past participle of frisbee
buddy up: To form small teams, especially pairs, often to reduce the likelihood of an individual suffering harm without being noticed or to suit the nature of a task to be accomplished.
sharding: present participle and gerund of shard
vitalise: To give life to something; to animate.
vitalise: To make more vigorous; to invigorate or stimulate.
obelizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of obelize
autolyze: To destroy itself: to be destroyed by its own enzymes.
obelized: simple past and past participle of obelize
tear off: To rip away from; to pull a piece from forcibly.
tear off: To become detached by tearing or ripping.
tear off: To leave or depart rapidly.
dust off: To remove dust from.
dust off: To use something after a long time without it.
dust off: To jilt or desert (a person).
scorches: third-person singular simple present indicative of scorch
rag-roll: To use rag-rolling to create a decorative finish
slavered: simple past and past participle of slaver
skimping: present participle and gerund of skimp
whinnied: simple past and past participle of whinny
whinnies: third-person singular simple present indicative of whinny
shimming: present participle and gerund of shim
shampoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of shampoo
whamming: present participle and gerund of wham
embosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of emboss
prickled: simple past and past participle of prickle
playacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of playact
parlayed: simple past and past participle of parlay
pillions: third-person singular simple present indicative of pillion
notarise: Alternative spelling of notarize
nasalise: Alternative spelling of nasalize
reelects: third-person singular simple present indicative of reelect
emendate: Remove errors and corruptions from (a text); to emend (a text).
re-elect: alternative spelling of reelect
humanise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of humanize.
medevacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of medevac
medivacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of medivac
oxidizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of oxidize
unhusked: simple past and past participle of unhusk
unionise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of unionize.
pre-empt: Alternative spelling of preempt
upraises: third-person singular simple present indicative of upraise
rankling: present participle and gerund of rankle
basepair: To bind separate DNA or RNA sequences by base pairs.
replayed: simple past and past participle of replay
ravishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ravish
countify: To use as a count noun.
swotting: present participle and gerund of swot
traverse: To travel across, to go through, to pass through, particularly under difficult conditions.
traverse: To visit all parts of; to explore thoroughly.
traverse: To lay in a cross direction; to cross.
traverse: To rotate a gun around a vertical axis to bear upon a military target.
traverse: To climb or descend a steep hill at a wide angle (relative to the slope).
traverse: To (make a cutting, an incline) across the gradients of a sloped face at safe rate.
traverse: To act against; to thwart or obstruct.
traverse: To pass over and view; to survey carefully.
traverse: To plane in a direction across the grain of the wood.
traverse: To deny formally.
traverse: To use the motions of opposition or counteraction.
energise: Alternative form of energize
pastured: simple past and past participle of pasture
detuning: present participle and gerund of detune
retuning: present participle and gerund of retune
bethinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bethink
crouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of crouch
paganize: To convert (someone) to paganism.
paganize: To behave like a pagan.
cooptate: To choose; to elect.
encunted: simple past and past participle of encunt
usufruct: To use and derive profit or benefit from property that belongs to another person.
myspaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of myspace
medalled: simple past and past participle of medal
metalise: Alternative spelling of metallize
metalize: Alternative spelling of metallize
canvased: simple past and past participle of canvas
candying: present participle and gerund of candy
canvases: third-person singular simple present indicative of canvas
chivying: present participle and gerund of chivy
biassing: present participle and gerund of bias
regassed: simple past and past participle of regas
dismasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dismask
disparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispark
regasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of regas
displume: To deprive of feathers or plumes.
displume: To strip of an award.
displant: To remove anything from where it has been planted or placed; to drive a person from their home.
killfile: Alternative form of kill file
miswrite: To write incorrectly.
autosave: To save (data) automatically.
telefrag: To frag (a player) by teleporting into the other player.
top-post: To make a top-post.
recoding: present participle and gerund of recode
recolour: Alternative form of recolor
rears up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rear up
degunked: simple past and past participle of degunk
recapped: simple past and past participle of recap
fire off: To perform a task rapidly, often unexpectedly.
fire off: To discharge from a firearm.
autolyse: Alternative spelling of autolyze
mis-sell: To sell misleadingly, fraudulently, or in violation of laws or regulations.
unthawed: simple past and past participle of unthaw
intercut: To intersect.
intercut: To alternate between scenes from one sequence and scenes from another film sequence, often with the sequences to be perceived as simultaneous.
louching: present participle and gerund of louche
playtest: To test a newly developed game by playing it or having it played.
unthread: To draw or remove a thread from.
unthread: To loosen the connections of.
unthread: To make one's way through.
untether: To undo by removing a tether.
ethifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ethify
must not: Used to indicate that something is forbidden.
smooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoosh
frown on: To disapprove of (something or someone, often a behavior); to express disapproval of (something or someone).
power up: To turn the electrical power on to a device as a precondition to making it operational.
power up: To become ready for operation as a result of the provision of electrical power.
uglified: simple past and past participle of uglify
spritzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of spritz
shivaree: To serenade (a newly married couple) with the noisy banging of pots and pans.
unindent: To remove the indentation; to move a block of text closer to the left margin.
intersex: To make intersex.
lay into: To beat up or launch an attack against.
lay into: To berate; to scold.
personed: simple past and past participle of person
miswrote: simple past of miswrite
efferate: To excite into a passionate, angry, bestial state.
die hard: To die only after a desperate struggle for life. (of a living being)
die hard: To be slow in changing or disappearing. (of a custom, idea etc)
brocades: third-person singular simple present indicative of brocade
plaister: Alternative form of plaster
lose out: To be at a disadvantage.
lose out: To be defeated (by).
ripsawed: simple past and past participle of ripsaw
rescinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescind
rumbaing: present participle and gerund of rumba
rip saws: third-person singular simple present indicative of rip saw Alternative spelling of ripsaws
unrecord: To remove something that has been recorded.
pureeing: present participle and gerund of puree
queue up: To queue (form a line while waiting).
queue up: To enqueue, to add something to a queue.
queue up: Misspelling of cue up.
Bigfoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of Bigfoot
feel out: To attempt to ascertain a person's point of view, or the nature of a situation, by cautious and subtle means.
farrowed: simple past and past participle of farrow
foraying: present participle and gerund of foray
go there: To discuss a subject that is usually avoided as taboo or controversial.
homotope: To define or demonstrate a homotopy of (one map with another).
homotope: More loosely, to exhibit a homotopy equivalence between two spaces.
strawman: Alternative spelling of straw man
camwhore: To perform as a camwhore.
erudiate: To instruct; to educate; to teach.
shoveled: simple past and past participle of shovel
irrupted: simple past and past participle of irrupt
ice fish: To fish through a hole cut into ice.
bat away: To knock an object, usually a ball, away from oneself.
bat away: To avoid by diverting the focus of a discussion.
bat away: To use one's own judgment to aggressively swing at pitches, rather than following a coaches instructions.
bat away: To use any means to take the money of participants in a circus gaming attraction.
somerset: Archaic form of somersault.
scrootch: Alternative spelling of scrooch
deigneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of deign
scrumple: To crumple, crush or wad (like a piece of paper).
frizzing: present participle and gerund of frizz
malaxate: To soften, especially by kneading with the hands.
gentling: present participle and gerund of gentle
gibbeted: simple past and past participle of gibbet
sundowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of sundown
upsurges: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsurge
upsurged: simple past and past participle of upsurge
unrobing: present participle and gerund of unrobe
itemised: simple past and past participle of itemise
itemises: third-person singular simple present indicative of itemise
mistells: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistell
asks for: third-person singular simple present indicative of ask for
broke in: simple past of break in
backs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of back up
joins up: third-person singular simple present indicative of join up
beats up: third-person singular simple present indicative of beat up
buoys up: third-person singular simple present indicative of buoy up
bears up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bear up
doing in: present participle and gerund of do in
doing up: present participle and gerund of do up
borne up: past participle of bear up
bore out: To form or enlarge by boring.
bore out: simple past of bear out
butts in: third-person singular simple present indicative of butt in
previses: third-person singular simple present indicative of previse
beclothe: To clothe, to put clothes on someone or something.
egosurfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of egosurf
eustress: To cause eustress for someone.
coralize: To become coral.
tribbing: present participle and gerund of trib
latch on: To grasp firmly; to become attached to.
calls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of call up
calls in: third-person singular simple present indicative of call in
caps off: third-person singular simple present indicative of cap off
caves in: third-person singular simple present indicative of cave in
zooms in: third-person singular simple present indicative of zoom in
monologs: third-person singular simple present indicative of monolog
caved in: simple past and past participle of cave in
brangled: simple past and past participle of brangle
sightsee: To go sightseeing; to visit places of interest in a city, town or geographical area.
ramps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ramp up
rings in: third-person singular simple present indicative of ring in
fletches: third-person singular simple present indicative of fletch
fletched: simple past and past participle of fletch
yells at: third-person singular simple present indicative of yell at
gangs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gang up
push-ups: third-person singular simple present indicative of push-up
shrammed: simple past and past participle of shram
worn off: past participle of wear off
foldboat: To travel by foldboat.
treebank: To parse and annotate sentences according to a treebank.
wore off: simple past of wear off
entended: simple past and past participle of entend
prefaced: simple past and past participle of preface
prefaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of preface
fixes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fix up
fursuits: third-person singular simple present indicative of fursuit
fires up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fire up
taken on: past participle of take on
takes on: third-person singular simple present indicative of take on
tacks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tack up
turns on: third-person singular simple present indicative of turn on
tees off: third-person singular simple present indicative of tee off
tries on: third-person singular simple present indicative of try on
tried on: simple past and past participle of try on
tucks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of tuck in
coeluted: simple past and past participle of coelute
coelutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coelute
threw up: simple past of throw up
smoothes: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoothe
coops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of coop up
comes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of come in
comes by: third-person singular simple present indicative of come by
comes to: third-person singular simple present indicative of come to
crops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of crop up
grows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of grow up
cops out: third-person singular simple present indicative of cop out
hands in: third-person singular simple present indicative of hand in
hits out: third-person singular simple present indicative of hit out
heats up: third-person singular simple present indicative of heat up
held off: simple past and past participle of hold off
rethrown: past participle of rethrow
holds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hold up
hangs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hang up
grows on: third-person singular simple present indicative of grow on
grown on: past participle of grow on
gone out: past participle of go out
went out: simple past of go out
goes off: third-person singular simple present indicative of go off
goes out: third-person singular simple present indicative of go out
went off: simple past of go off
given up: past participle of give up
gives up: third-person singular simple present indicative of give up
gets off: third-person singular simple present indicative of get off
gives in: third-person singular simple present indicative of give in
got over: past participle of get over
given in: past participle of give in
going by: present participle and gerund of go by
gone off: past participle of go off
rubs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of rub out
makes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of make up
FedExing: present participle and gerund of FedEx
maps out: third-person singular simple present indicative of map out
'scusing: present participle and gerund of 'scuse
tokenise: Alternative spelling of tokenize
tokenize: To reduce to a set of tokens by lexical analysis.
tokenize: To substitute sensitive data with meaningless placeholders.
tokenize: To treat as a token minority.
cut wind: To pass gas; to break wind.
simonise: Alternative spelling of simonize
rejigger: To rejig.
set sail: To depart on a voyage by boat.
roll out: To deploy or release (a new film or software, etc.); to launch (a product or service), especially in a gradual fashion across multiple regions.
roll out: To leave a place at a leisurely pace.
roll out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see roll, out.
colocate: Alternative spelling of co-locate
engorges: third-person singular simple present indicative of engorge
entreats: third-person singular simple present indicative of entreat
Dutchify: To render more Dutch.
Blu-Tack: To fix with Blu-Tack.
manumits: third-person singular simple present indicative of manumit
chroming: present participle and gerund of chrome
cyberize: To adapt to digital technology or culture.
cyberize: To make into a cyborg; to fit with a cybernetic implant or prosthesis.
carolled: simple past and past participle of carol
stampedo: To stampede.
disrobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of disrobe
disrobed: simple past and past participle of disrobe
plopping: present participle and gerund of plop
proxying: present participle and gerund of proxy
imprimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of imprime
smegging: present participle and gerund of smeg
curtsied: simple past and past participle of curtsy
climaxed: simple past and past participle of climax
censused: simple past and past participle of census
floor it: To depress the accelerator to the maximum extent.
floor it: To move (run, ride etc.) at full speed.
Islamize: To convert to Islam.
Islamize: To make someone, or a society, conform to Islamic law.
send for: To order or summon (a person) to one's presence.
send for: To send away for, to request a delivery of.
send for: To call out or diss, often in the form of a diss track.
recooper: To cooper again, to repair a damaged barrel.
recooper: To make good any damaged package or container.
recooper: To recover or reclaim.
dialyzed: simple past and past participle of dialyze
dialyzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dialyze
dialysed: simple past and past participle of dialyse
vilipend: To treat (something) as inconsequential or worthless; to despise, to look down on.
vilipend: To express a disparaging opinion of; to slander or vilify.
tie back: To tie or fasten behind.
co-occur: To occur together.
heatsink: To fit with a heat sink.
frescoed: simple past and past participle of fresco
softsoap: Alternative spelling of soft-soap
proponed: simple past and past participle of propone
sauteing: present participle and gerund of saute
propones: third-person singular simple present indicative of propone
safeties: third-person singular simple present indicative of safety
re-enact: Alternative spelling of reenact
recached: simple past and past participle of recache
recurved: simple past and past participle of recurve
bale out: Alternative spelling of bail out
bale out: Misspelling of bail out.
lavishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lavish
punch in: To enter a workplace by punching a timecard.
punch in: To score.
lemonize: To add or apply lemon to.
nodulate: To produce nodules.
speciate: To form new biological species by the division of an existing one
destripe: To remove stripes from.
promoved: simple past and past participle of promove
envolved: simple past and past participle of envolve
remorded: simple past and past participle of remord
discases: third-person singular simple present indicative of discase
unrooted: simple past and past participle of unroot
bongoing: present participle and gerund of bongo
banjoing: present participle and gerund of banjo
valorise: Alternative spelling of valorize
misprize: To despise or hold in contempt; to undervalue.
funneled: simple past and past participle of funnel
quiffing: present participle and gerund of quiff
replants: third-person singular simple present indicative of replant
overgave: simple past of overgive
habitate: To inhabit
habitate: To dwell
hebetate: To render obtuse; to dull; to blunt.
spasming: present participle and gerund of spasm
forehear: To hear beforehand.
derezzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of derezz
disponed: simple past and past participle of dispone
dispones: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispone
idealise: Alternative spelling of idealize
unselect: To cancel a previous selection, especially by removing a mark from a tick box.
unselect: To reverse the previous selection of.
opalized: simple past and past participle of opalize
winching: present participle and gerund of winch
instaban: To ban without hesitation.
instaure: To renew or renovate; to instaurate.
intitule: To entitle; to give a title to.
stand in: To substitute for; to replace; (theater) to serve as an understudy.
stand in: To make one of a party in a bet or other speculation.
stand in: To take a side in a dispute.
longline: To fish with a line of this kind.
infodump: Alternative form of info-dump
hive off: To separate from a larger group.
hive off: To segregate; to remove from a parent entity.
repasted: simple past and past participle of repast
repasted: simple past and past participle of repaste
rivetted: simple past and past participle of rivet
collogue: To simulate belief.
collogue: To coax; to flatter.
collogue: To talk privately or secretly; to conspire.
queen it: To behave like a queen; to be superior or conceited.
autofire: To fire automatically.
rabbited: simple past and past participle of rabbit
romanced: simple past and past participle of romance
driftnet: To fish using a drift net
descreen: To remove Moiré-pattern artifacts when scanning half-tone printed images.
ramifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ramify
retooled: simple past and past participle of retool
rhubarbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rhubarb
retreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of retread
re-enter: Alternative spelling of reenter
fair off: Of weather: to clear.
codename: To give a codename to.
japanned: simple past and past participle of japan
salaamed: simple past and past participle of salaam
freeping: present participle and gerund of freep
hardwire: Alternative spelling of hard-wire
fissured: simple past and past participle of fissure
miaowing: present participle and gerund of miaow
unhobble: To remove hobbles from (a horse).
precycle: To avoid the need to recycle, for example by not using prepackaging.
ca canny: To go carefully or slowly; to take care.
testbeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of testbed
polyfoto: To take such a series of photographs.
jackeroo: Alternative spelling of jackaroo
start up: To rise suddenly.
start up: To commence the operation of; to activate; to launch.
start up: To begin to operate.
start up: To begin.
eternize: To make or render eternal.
eternize: To prolong indefinitely.
eternize: To immortalize; to make eternally famous.
panelled: simple past and past participle of panel
indenize: To naturalize.
write up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see write, up.
write up: To produce by writing.
write up: To document officially the faults, offenses, or wrongdoing of.
write up: To write about positively; to praise in writing.
write up: To make an upward adjustment in the value of an asset.
write up: To annotate a stamp album page with details about the stamp, such as die used or colour variety.
ventouse: To cup; to use a cupping glass.
bepurple: To tinge or dye with a purple color.
unticked: simple past and past participle of untick
fish out: To catch all or nearly all the fish in (a given body of water), so that few or none remain.
fish out: To pick up or pull something or someone from (a body of water).
fish out: To search for by rummaging, and then extract (an item from e.g. a container).
jaculate: To throw or cast, as a dart; to throw out; to emit.
outstays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outstay
oxidated: simple past and past participle of oxidate
mutinied: simple past and past participle of mutiny
miscasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscast
oxidates: third-person singular simple present indicative of oxidate
moussing: present participle and gerund of mousse
mutinies: third-person singular simple present indicative of mutiny
optioned: simple past and past participle of option
grabbled: simple past and past participle of grabble
grabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of grabble
mounding: present participle and gerund of mound
defriend: To remove from one's list of friends (e.g. on a social networking website).
citrated: simple past and past participle of citrate
sightsaw: simple past of sightsee
yellochs: third-person singular simple present indicative of yelloch
unfriend: To sever as friends.
unfriend: To defriend; to remove from one's friends list (e.g. on a social networking website).
expidite: Misspelling of expedite.
jacuzzis: third-person singular simple present indicative of jacuzzi
infefted: simple past and past participle of infeft
parleyed: simple past and past participle of parley
pancaked: simple past and past participle of pancake
pomading: present participle and gerund of pomade
portaged: simple past and past participle of portage
puttying: present participle and gerund of putty
de-duped: simple past and past participle of de-dupe
keeps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep up
abode by: simple past and past participle of abide by
acted up: simple past and past participle of act up
airs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of air out
works on: third-person singular simple present indicative of work on
de-dupes: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-dupe
overvote: To spoil a ballot by marking it for more choices than allowed by the rules
overvote: To cast more votes than allowed under the rules
overvote: To outvote or overrule
rebought: simple past and past participle of rebuy
rebuying: present participle and gerund of rebuy
ideating: present participle and gerund of ideate
trouting: present participle and gerund of trout
athetize: To reject a passage of text as spurious.
refurbed: simple past and past participle of refurb
jawboned: simple past and past participle of jawbone
cavorted: simple past and past participle of cavort
rejigged: simple past and past participle of rejig
pootling: present participle and gerund of pootle
felt-tip: To write with a felt-tip pen.
hagrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of hagride
housesat: simple past and past participle of housesit
iodizing: present participle and gerund of iodize
inbreeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbreed
iodising: present participle and gerund of iodise
harrying: present participle and gerund of harry
idolises: third-person singular simple present indicative of idolise
idolised: simple past and past participle of idolise
islanded: simple past and past participle of island
upbroken: simple past and past participle of upbreak
driveled: simple past and past participle of drivel
guitared: simple past and past participle of guitar
upcheers: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcheer
scarlets: third-person singular simple present indicative of scarlet
maskered: simple past and past participle of masker
upflowed: simple past and past participle of upflow
twaddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twaddle
incenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of incense
impinged: simple past and past participle of impinge
Velcroed: simple past and past participle of Velcro
armoring: present participle and gerund of armor
gandered: simple past and past participle of gander
supering: present participle and gerund of super
cantoned: simple past and past participle of canton
avaunted: simple past and past participle of avaunt
skinking: present participle and gerund of skink
sheafing: present participle and gerund of sheaf
desalted: simple past and past participle of desalt
nickered: simple past and past participle of nicker
coshered: simple past and past participle of cosher
ralphing: present participle and gerund of ralph
rabbeted: simple past and past participle of rabbet
moidered: simple past and past participle of moider
embanked: simple past and past participle of embank
sheening: present participle and gerund of sheen
unhanded: simple past and past participle of unhand
havocing: present participle and gerund of havoc
mulcting: present participle and gerund of mulct
hirpling: present participle and gerund of hirple
troweled: simple past and past participle of trowel
startles: third-person singular simple present indicative of startle
mammocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mammock
ensnarls: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensnarl
skijored: simple past and past participle of skijor
skijored: simple past and past participle of skijore
bobbitts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bobbitt
isotoped: simple past and past participle of isotope
impawned: simple past and past participle of impawn
smarming: present participle and gerund of smarm
deburred: simple past and past participle of deburr
groining: present participle and gerund of groin
schlumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of schlump
inurning: present participle and gerund of inurn
crisping: present participle and gerund of crisp
feddling: present participle and gerund of feddle
syringed: simple past and past participle of syringe
pranging: present participle and gerund of prang
erranded: simple past and past participle of errand
velveted: simple past and past participle of velvet
skelling: present participle and gerund of skell
uphoards: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphoard
juddered: simple past and past participle of judder
upsweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsweep
rebilled: simple past and past participle of rebill
pottered: simple past and past participle of potter
inveiled: simple past and past participle of inveil
reskills: third-person singular simple present indicative of reskill
desports: third-person singular simple present indicative of desport
whumping: present participle and gerund of whump
ramraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of ramraid
precooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of precook
grumping: present participle and gerund of grump
glooming: present participle and gerund of gloom
diademed: simple past and past participle of diadem
armlocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of armlock
icepicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of icepick
futtered: simple past and past participle of futter
snifters: third-person singular simple present indicative of snifter
trisects: third-person singular simple present indicative of trisect
wtfpwned: simple past and past participle of wtfpwn
deaconed: simple past and past participle of deacon
griddled: simple past and past participle of griddle
attorned: simple past and past participle of attorn
upskills: third-person singular simple present indicative of upskill
delevels: third-person singular simple present indicative of delevel
twonking: present participle and gerund of twonk
striates: third-person singular simple present indicative of striate
deviving: present participle and gerund of devive
symports: third-person singular simple present indicative of symport
unbraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbraid
outdraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdraw
alliding: present participle and gerund of allide
leinting: present participle and gerund of leint
enseamed: simple past and past participle of enseam
demisted: simple past and past participle of demist
gaffling: present participle and gerund of gaffle
unpicked: simple past and past participle of unpick
adsorped: simple past and past participle of adsorp
rattoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of rattoon
ratfinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ratfink
encysted: simple past and past participle of encyst
intreats: third-person singular simple present indicative of intreat
preseeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of preseed
readding: present participle and gerund of readd
rightens: third-person singular simple present indicative of righten
outening: present participle and gerund of outen
posseted: simple past and past participle of posset
odorised: simple past and past participle of odorise
ozonated: simple past and past participle of ozonate
ozonized: simple past and past participle of ozonize
unspeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspeak
ozonised: simple past and past participle of ozonise
ozonates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ozonate
odorises: third-person singular simple present indicative of odorise
ozonises: third-person singular simple present indicative of ozonise
ozonizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ozonize
rerating: present participle and gerund of rerate
haxoring: present participle and gerund of haxor
closened: simple past and past participle of closen
bloodens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blooden
befooled: simple past and past participle of befool
consters: third-person singular simple present indicative of conster
rebadges: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebadge
cowrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowrite
dogpiled: simple past and past participle of dogpile
chasting: present participle and gerund of chast
Nifonged: simple past and past participle of Nifong
ensouled: simple past and past participle of ensoul
unblinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unblind
unhooded: simple past and past participle of unhood
morticed: simple past and past participle of mortice
mortices: third-person singular simple present indicative of mortice
unhiding: present participle and gerund of unhide
unhidden: simple past and past participle of unhide
pungling: present participle and gerund of pungle
memoized: simple past and past participle of memoize
memoizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of memoize
infilled: simple past and past participle of infill
rethrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of rethrow
eldening: present participle and gerund of elden
lankened: simple past and past participle of lanken
slooming: present participle and gerund of sloom
dreaping: present participle and gerund of dreap
repugned: simple past and past participle of repugn
demarked: simple past and past participle of demark
dejunked: simple past and past participle of dejunk
edutains: third-person singular simple present indicative of edutain
bepitied: simple past and past participle of bepity
requeens: third-person singular simple present indicative of requeen
pedgills: third-person singular simple present indicative of pedgill
bepities: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepity
sluthers: third-person singular simple present indicative of sluther
pittered: simple past and past participle of pitter
moithers: third-person singular simple present indicative of moither
obtested: simple past and past participle of obtest
respawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of respawn
clavered: simple past and past participle of claver
yattered: simple past and past participle of yatter
intitles: third-person singular simple present indicative of intitle
repassed: simple past and past participle of repass
reimages: third-person singular simple present indicative of reimage
reimaged: simple past and past participle of reimage
undocked: simple past and past participle of undock
confects: third-person singular simple present indicative of confect
rejoyced: simple past and past participle of rejoyce
rejoyces: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejoyce
porrects: third-person singular simple present indicative of porrect
opalizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of opalize
opalised: simple past and past participle of opalise
opalises: third-person singular simple present indicative of opalise
meekened: simple past and past participle of meeken
heroizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of heroize
skeeters: third-person singular simple present indicative of skeeter
sclating: present participle and gerund of sclate
heroized: simple past and past participle of heroize
inboards: third-person singular simple present indicative of inboard
aminates: third-person singular simple present indicative of aminate
aminated: simple past and past participle of aminate
glooping: present participle and gerund of gloop
unfisted: simple past and past participle of unfist
desanded: simple past and past participle of desand
bedusted: simple past and past participle of bedust
upcasted: simple past and past participle of upcast
blitting: present participle and gerund of blit
junketed: simple past and past participle of junket
miladies: third-person singular simple present indicative of milady
symbiose: To take part in symbiosis.
fanfares: third-person singular simple present indicative of fanfare
metablog: To blog about blogging.
belts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of belt up
shuts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of shut up
kenneled: simple past and past participle of kennel
affiches: third-person singular simple present indicative of affiche
palsying: present participle and gerund of palsy
portered: simple past and past participle of porter
trip out: To hallucinate or otherwise alter one's consciousness as a result of drugs.
trip out: To have a fit, to become enraged or upset; to flip out.
trip out: To enthuse, to respond with strong positive emotion; to get high (on)
trip out: To have as an image in one's mind.
trip out: To pull the drill stem and bit out of the hole of an oil well drill, in order to access the borehole.
trip out: To break a circuit in response to an overload.
trip out: To be released in spite of constraints; to spill out.
trip out: To go out with light steps.
manscape: To impose a shape on the landscape to suit humans.
manscape: To trim or shave a male's hair, typically other than the hair atop and behind his head. The term applies most frequently to facial hair, including that of the eyebrows, ears, and nostrils; somewhat frequently to shoulders and back; less frequently to buttocks and pubes; infrequently to arms and legs.
squibbed: simple past and past participle of squib
blatting: present participle and gerund of blat
proacted: simple past and past participle of proact
unboxing: present participle and gerund of unbox
slumping: present participle and gerund of slump
did over: simple past of do over
squishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of squish
futurise: Alternative spelling of futurize
defuzing: present participle and gerund of defuze
futurize: To bring into the future or make state of the art; modernize.
futurize: To bring into the future tense.
upshifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upshift
solarise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of solarize.
affeared: simple past and past participle of affear
coevolve: To evolve, along with another organism, via coevolution.
schussed: simple past and past participle of schuss
intaking: present participle and gerund of intake
swaps in: third-person singular simple present indicative of swap in
swopping: present participle and gerund of swop
paged in: simple past and past participle of page in
pages in: third-person singular simple present indicative of page in
page out: To transfer (memory contents) to auxiliary storage.
swap out: To transfer (memory contents) into a swap file.
swap out: To exchange (something or someone) for an unused (or less-used) equivalent.
swap out: To exchange (something) for (something else). (usually followed by with or for)
kickbans: third-person singular simple present indicative of kickban
thralled: simple past and past participle of thrall
speccing: present participle and gerund of spec
thirsted: simple past and past participle of thirst
toadying: present participle and gerund of toady
deopping: present participle and gerund of deop
co-chair: To serve as a co-chair (on).
treadled: simple past and past participle of treadle
tear-gas: Alternative spelling of tear gas
resplend: To shine radiantly; to be resplendent.
falls in: third-person singular simple present indicative of fall in
stood in: simple past and past participle of stand in
got down: simple past and past participle of get down
lets out: third-person singular simple present indicative of let out
sits out: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit out
sat down: simple past and past participle of sit down
lived up: simple past and past participle of live up
lives up: third-person singular simple present indicative of live up
logs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of log off
fills in: third-person singular simple present indicative of fill in
trimmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trim
lets off: third-person singular simple present indicative of let off
boots up: third-person singular simple present indicative of boot up
lays out: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay out
lays off: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay off
fell off: simple past of fall off
laid out: simple past and past participle of lay out
dehorned: simple past and past participle of dehorn
suits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of suit up
endarked: simple past and past participle of endark
shinnied: simple past and past participle of shinny
remating: present participle and gerund of remate
shinnies: third-person singular simple present indicative of shinny
sambaing: present participle and gerund of samba
smuggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of smuggle
sallying: present participle and gerund of sally
skyjacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of skyjack
sanitise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of sanitize.
snaffled: simple past and past participle of snaffle
saunaing: present participle and gerund of sauna
sharping: present participle and gerund of sharp
swabbing: present participle and gerund of swab
henching: present participle and gerund of hench
weigh up: To assess a person or situation
co-fired: simple past and past participle of co-fire
trending: present participle and gerund of trend
co-fires: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-fire
preloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of preload
boohooed: simple past and past participle of boohoo
cooeeing: present participle and gerund of cooee
subsists: third-person singular simple present indicative of subsist
strummed: simple past and past participle of strum
redigest: To digest again.
slabbing: present participle and gerund of slab
unescape: To reverse the escaping of a string
uprating: present participle and gerund of uprate
syphoned: simple past and past participle of syphon
stuccoed: simple past and past participle of stucco
snoozing: present participle and gerund of snooze
untieing: present participle and gerund of untie
untarred: simple past and past participle of untar
malleate: To beat into shape with a hammer.
set upon: To attack someone.
set upon: To begin an activity; to embark upon a course of action.
quirting: present participle and gerund of quirt
redating: present participle and gerund of redate
reanneal: To anneal again
globbing: present participle and gerund of glob
grepping: present participle and gerund of grep
mindfuck: To intentionally destabilize, confuse or manipulate the mind of another person.
adscript: To hold (a person) to service as attached to the soil; said of feudal serfs.
kourbash: Alternative spelling of kurbash
passaged: simple past and past participle of passage
unthinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unthink
squshing: present participle and gerund of sqush
squushed: simple past and past participle of squush
squushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of squush
quonking: present participle and gerund of quonk
malloced: simple past and past participle of malloc
hog-ties: third-person singular simple present indicative of hog-tie
hog-tied: simple past and past participle of hog-tie
hogtying: present participle and gerund of hogtie
plipping: present participle and gerund of plip
outweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outweep
replates: third-person singular simple present indicative of replate
replated: simple past and past participle of replate
unsexing: present participle and gerund of unsex
overboil: To boil excessively.
chording: present participle and gerund of chord
kerplunk: To make the sound of falling and landing heavily; to thud.
comoving: present participle and gerund of comove
unfixing: present participle and gerund of unfix
build up: To erect; to construct.
build up: To close up by building.
build up: To accumulate, to pile up, to increase in stages.
build up: To strengthen.
build up: In solitaire card games, to place a card over another card of lower value. (e.g., place 5♦ over 4♣)
infixing: present participle and gerund of infix
myspaced: simple past and past participle of myspace
undereat: To eat too little.
underate: past participle of undereat
impleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of implead
æstivate: Obsolete spelling of aestivate
affamish: To cause (somebody) to die of hunger; to starve.
prawning: present participle and gerund of prawn
going up: present participle and gerund of go up
drops in: third-person singular simple present indicative of drop in
subclone: To reclone part of a previously-cloned DNA segment into a new vector
memoises: third-person singular simple present indicative of memoise
memoised: simple past and past participle of memoise
phreaked: simple past and past participle of phreak
débuting: present participle and gerund of début
bird-dog: Alternative spelling of bird dog
lanoline: Alternative spelling of lanolin
unbooked: simple past and past participle of unbook
sprinted: simple past and past participle of sprint
unswathe: To remove a swathe from.
unpegged: simple past and past participle of unpeg
unkissed: simple past and past participle of unkiss
unroofed: simple past and past participle of unroof
grounden: past participle of grind
downstep: To apply a downward shift of tone between the syllables or words of a tonal language.
huggling: present participle and gerund of huggle
tallying: present participle and gerund of tally
legalise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of legalize.
traffick: Alternative spelling of traffic (now especially of illegal goods)
uncollar: To remove a collar from.
cinefilm: To record onto cinefilm.
flambeed: simple past and past participle of flambe
froshing: present participle and gerund of frosh
telepath: To communicate by thought; to use telepathy.
creep up: To advance or increase with stealth, unnoticed (literally or figuratively).
ajarring: present participle and gerund of ajar
blebbing: present participle and gerund of bleb
deterged: simple past and past participle of deterge
deterges: third-person singular simple present indicative of deterge
itemizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of itemize
knuckled: simple past and past participle of knuckle
illuming: present participle and gerund of illume
imbruing: present participle and gerund of imbrue
immeshed: simple past and past participle of immesh
immeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of immesh
estopped: simple past and past participle of estop
expensed: simple past and past participle of expense
cofounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cofound
repotted: simple past and past participle of repot
debonded: simple past and past participle of debond
dewetted: simple past and past participle of dewet
gillnets: third-person singular simple present indicative of gillnet
paganise: Alternative spelling of paganize
rôleplay: Alternative spelling of roleplay.
lolloped: simple past and past participle of lollop
oilproof: To make resistant to oil.
slopping: present participle and gerund of slop
zeroised: simple past and past participle of zeroise
descopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of descope
descoped: simple past and past participle of descope
zeroises: third-person singular simple present indicative of zeroise
reprobed: simple past and past participle of reprobe
resample: To sample again; to repeat sampling
resample: To change the sample rate or dimensions of digital imagery or audio
Facebook: To use the social-networking site Facebook.
Facebook: To send a message or leave a comment on Facebook.
atheises: third-person singular simple present indicative of atheise
atheised: simple past and past participle of atheise
atheized: simple past and past participle of atheize
atheizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atheize
cyberise: Alternative spelling of cyberize
misthrew: simple past of misthrow
gollying: present participle and gerund of golly
misthrow: To throw incorrectly.
misrhyme: To rhyme incorrectly.
outrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of outride
overleap: To leap over, to jump over, to cross by jumping.
overleap: To pass over; to omit, leave out.
overleap: To make too much effort in leaping; to leap too far.
patinate: To coat with a patina.
patinate: To become coated with a patina.
smooched: simple past and past participle of smooch
smooches: third-person singular simple present indicative of smooch
gazumped: simple past and past participle of gazump
stylises: third-person singular simple present indicative of stylise
fellated: simple past and past participle of fellate
fellates: third-person singular simple present indicative of fellate
stubbing: present participle and gerund of stub
senesced: simple past and past participle of senesce
senesces: third-person singular simple present indicative of senesce
ride out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see ride, out.
ride out: To survive in a storm (about a ship) and keep afloat.
ride out: To tackle a difficult situation and survive; to survive through; to weather.
ingirted: simple past and past participle of ingirt
petering: present participle and gerund of peter
untacked: simple past and past participle of untack
comixing: present participle and gerund of comix
commixed: simple past and past participle of commix
commixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of commix
misbound: simple past and past participle of misbind
misbinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbind
untilted: simple past and past participle of untilt
razzling: present participle and gerund of razzle
untucked: simple past and past participle of untuck
outshoot: To score more goals than the other side in a goal sport such as hockey or soccer
outshoot: To fire a gun more accurately than.
reinjure: To injure a body part which has already been injured
maderize: To oxidize.
intitled: simple past and past participle of intitle
tritiate: To modify (a compound) by replacing some of its normal hydrogen (protium) with the heavy isotope tritium
buddying: present participle and gerund of buddy
deserves: third-person singular simple present indicative of deserve
reflated: simple past and past participle of reflate
reflates: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflate
reseated: simple past and past participle of reseat
Nazified: simple past and past participle of Nazify
Nazifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of Nazify
e-mailed: simple past and past participle of e-mail
defunded: simple past and past participle of defund
inbounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbound
geocodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of geocode
acquited: simple past and past participle of acquite (obsolete spelling of acquitted)
geocoded: simple past and past participle of geocode
repinned: simple past and past participle of repin
douching: present participle and gerund of douche
forefend: Alternative spelling of forfend
detracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of detract
resected: simple past and past participle of resect
ice-jack: To freeze underneath an element or between two elements and jacking up the overlaying element, thereby separating it from its underlayment
flip out: To become very angry or upset.
meets up: third-person singular simple present indicative of meet up
relisted: simple past and past participle of relist
fortuned: simple past and past participle of fortune
hot-swap: To change a part of something, typically a computer, while it is running.
coiffing: present participle and gerund of coiffe
backbend: To perform such a move.
buckrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of buckram
liveblog: Alternative spelling of live blog
kvetched: simple past and past participle of kvetch
kvetches: third-person singular simple present indicative of kvetch
rubified: simple past and past participle of rubify
rubifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rubify
retitles: third-person singular simple present indicative of retitle
preboard: To (allow to) step or climb onto or otherwise enter a ship, aircraft, train or other conveyance before other people are allowed to board.
preboard: To set the shape of (a garment, especially a stocking) by heating on a form or board before dyeing.
reoffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of reoffer
unrhymed: simple past and past participle of unrhyme
mismarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismark
misgrade: To grade incorrectly.
deglazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deglaze
deglazed: simple past and past participle of deglaze
besoming: present participle and gerund of besom
readapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of readapt
headbang: To engage in headbanging, the vigorous movement of the head in time to music.
dream up: To have an imaginative, unusual or foolish idea, to invent something unreal.
thatches: third-person singular simple present indicative of thatch
retaping: present participle and gerund of retape
co-stars: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-star
ermining: present participle and gerund of ermine
famishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of famish
flitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of flitter
gasifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of gasify
swooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of swoosh
goaltend: To engage in goaltending, interference with the ball on its downward path to the basket
goaltend: To act as a goaltender, to tend goal, to mind the nets.
premakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of premake
unwiring: present participle and gerund of unwire
cohosted: simple past and past participle of cohost
desexing: present participle and gerund of desex
euchring: present participle and gerund of euchre
tautened: simple past and past participle of tauten
shoegaze: To perform in the shoegazing style.
telemark: To take part in telemark skiing.
telemark: To perform a telemark turn.
greenlit: simple past and past participle of greenlight
smushing: present participle and gerund of smush
smooshed: simple past and past participle of smoosh
præceded: Obsolete spelling of preceded; simple past and past participle of præcede.
præcedes: Obsolete spelling of precede; third-person singular simple present indicative of præcede
stagging: present participle and gerund of stag
prettied: simple past and past participle of pretty
cottoned: simple past and past participle of cotton
reclones: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclone
recloned: simple past and past participle of reclone
luxating: present participle and gerund of luxate
augering: present participle and gerund of auger
recurves: third-person singular simple present indicative of recurve
præmised: simple past and past participle of præmise
ebonized: simple past and past participle of ebonize
deveined: simple past of devein
ebonizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ebonize
outearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outearn
outjumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjump
supremed: simple past and past participle of supreme
supremes: third-person singular simple present indicative of supreme
king hit: To attack a victim and knock them unconscious with a single punch.
see into: To perceive the truth about, especially of future events.
see into: To escort into, especially a place of shelter.
instaled: Misspelling of installed.
overtest: To subject to excessive testing
remuddle: To muddle something which had previously been made clear.
remuddle: To remodel a building or room in a way that obscures or destroys key aspects of the original design.
angsting: present participle and gerund of angst
unstraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstrap
flensing: present participle and gerund of flense
tootling: present participle and gerund of tootle
pour out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see pour, out.
pour out: To serve a drink into a cup or glass.
pour out: To distribute or spread (something), as if it were a liquid.
pour out: To leave a place quickly, and in large numbers.
pour out: To talk volubly and deeply. Usually implies telling the truth.
deejayed: simple past and past participle of deejay
prævents: third-person singular simple present indicative of prævent
pinboard: To attach to a pinboard.
reexpose: To expose again.
flyering: present participle and gerund of flyer
opsonise: Alternative spelling of opsonize
look off: To put off by one's facial expression
look off: To mislead by directing one's apparent attention away from one's true object of intent.
call for: To shout out in order to summon (a person).
call for: To ask for in a loud voice.
call for: To request, demand.
call for: To necessitate, demand; to make appropriate
call for: To stop at a place and ask for (someone).
call for: To anticipate, predict.
epoxying: present participle and gerund of epoxy
enamours: third-person singular simple present indicative of enamour
quæstion: Archaic spelling of question.
unsolder: To reverse the process of soldering, such as by breaking the joint and removing the solder
insnares: third-person singular simple present indicative of insnare
insnared: simple past and past participle of insnare
creepify: To make creepy; to make annoying, unpleasant, or mildly threatening.
creepify: To creep out, to give (someone) the creeps.
reteamed: simple past and past participle of reteam
restaged: simple past and past participle of restage
restages: third-person singular simple present indicative of restage
reparses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reparse
reparsed: simple past and past participle of reparse
spuddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of spuddle
spuddled: simple past and past participle of spuddle
overhits: third-person singular simple present indicative of overhit
tumefied: simple past and past participle of tumefy
anearing: present participle and gerund of anear
demaunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of demaund
affoords: third-person singular simple present indicative of affoord
afoorded: simple past and past participle of afoord
affoards: third-person singular simple present indicative of affoard
blatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of blatter
infolded: simple past and past participle of infold
underled: simple past and past participle of underlead
tumefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tumefy
bagpiped: simple past and past participle of bagpipe
overruff: To ruff with a higher trump following a prior ruff on the same trick
osmosing: present participle and gerund of osmose
batoning: present participle and gerund of baton
outgases: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgas
misprice: To price incorrectly or unsuitably.
scooches: third-person singular simple present indicative of scooch
scooched: simple past and past participle of scooch
pigs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of pig out
misparse: To parse incorrectly.
squidged: simple past and past participle of squidge
whupping: present participle and gerund of whup
cosseted: simple past and past participle of cosset
flipflop: Alternative form of flip-flop
rack off: To go away; to sod off.
rack off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see rack, off.
presorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of presort
reechoed: simple past and past participle of reecho
redrying: present participle and gerund of redry
undertip: To leave (somebody) a tip (gratuity) that is too small.
safeword: To stop a sex act by using a safeword.
spritzed: simple past and past participle of spritz
empanels: third-person singular simple present indicative of empanel
pandying: present participle and gerund of pandy
goths up: third-person singular simple present indicative of goth up
refrying: present participle and gerund of refry
overeggs: third-person singular simple present indicative of overegg
clams up: third-person singular simple present indicative of clam up
rebaking: present participle and gerund of rebake
guilting: present participle and gerund of guilt
puréeing: present participle and gerund of purée
spackled: simple past and past participle of spackle
spackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of spackle
overbill: To bill an excessive amount, particularly an amount greater than one is legally entitled to.
riposted: simple past and past participle of riposte
unpushed: simple past and past participle of unpush
snazz up: To improve appearance or appeal by increasing stylishness or functionality, or by adding other attractive features.
whooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoosh
retiling: present participle and gerund of retile
suicided: simple past and past participle of suicide
coëxists: third-person singular simple present indicative of coëxist
gavaging: present participle and gerund of gavage
slicking: present participle and gerund of slick
chivvied: simple past and past participle of chivvy
chivvies: third-person singular simple present indicative of chivvy
outduels: third-person singular simple present indicative of outduel
injuncts: third-person singular simple present indicative of injunct
buddling: present participle and gerund of buddle
broddled: simple past and past participle of broddle
reifying: present participle and gerund of reify
broddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of broddle
voodooed: simple past and past participle of voodoo
salinate: To add salt to.
pushbike: To travel by pushbike.
untrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrain
reposted: simple past and past participle of repost
Houdinis: third-person singular simple present indicative of Houdini
glomming: present participle and gerund of glom
outcoach: To provide better coaching than (another person or group).
outgroup: To form an outgroup.
swanning: present participle and gerund of swan
backhoed: simple past and past participle of backhoe
mislinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislink
quantise: Alternative spelling of quantize
fluidify: to make fluid
fluidify: to become fluid
recaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of recache
bodyslam: To throw an opponent bodily on the floor, eg in wrestling or judo, sometimes also throwing one's own body on top of them
bodyslam: To deliver a devastating blow against an opponent
strobing: present participle and gerund of strobe
overread: To read over, or peruse.
overread: To interpret something to a greater degree, or in a more positive way, than appropriate; read too in-depth; overinterpret; overanalyze.
overread: To read too much or excessively.
modalise: Alternative spelling of modalize
seize up: To stop functioning; to come to a halt.
seize up: To stiffen or become tight and difficult to move.
seize up: To stop working suddenly, and become impossible to start again.
pretapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretape
pretaped: simple past and past participle of pretape
gaveling: present participle and gerund of gavel
pastored: simple past and past participle of pastor
creasing: present participle and gerund of crease
die-cast: To make an object by pouring a liquid or molten material into a reusable mold or die in which the material hardens.
regender: To gender anew (and differently).
regender: To cause (a person) to be seen to have a (new, different) gender identity or role.
regender: To gender anew (and differently).
regender: To cause (a thing or subject) to be gendered in a new or different way; to be associated with a new gender or with new genders.
steeling: present participle and gerund of steel
precasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of precast
prescans: third-person singular simple present indicative of prescan
outrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrate
outrated: simple past and past participle of outrate
outkicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outkick
snarking: present participle and gerund of snark
whooshed: simple past and past participle of whoosh
non-plus: Alternative spelling of nonplus
overtout: To tout to excess
unbagged: simple past and past participle of unbag
regasify: To convert liquefied natural gas (LNG) at −162 °C (−260 °F) temperature back to natural gas at atmospheric temperature. It consists in reevaporate liquified natural gas after transport (by ship) to a distribution terminal
outskate: To skate better than.
misdates: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdate
misdated: simple past and past participle of misdate
heigh-ho: To chant "heigh-ho".
cockling: present participle and gerund of cockle
prewrite: To make a first draft of ideas and format for an essay, thesis, article, or book as a plan for the actual writing.
vinified: simple past and past participle of vinify
recohere: To cohere again.
purpling: present participle and gerund of purple
hindcast: To test a mathematical model by using data from a past event.
tenuring: present participle and gerund of tenure
collaged: simple past and past participle of collage
shut off: To stop or turn off by closing something, such as a valve.
shut off: To switch off.
shut off: To separate; to isolate.
unjammed: simple past and past participle of unjam
bosonize: To describe a particle or system as if it were a boson and followed Bose-Einstein statistics.
copurify: To purify two or more materials simultaneously, normally by chromatography
overdubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of overdub
diarised: simple past and past participle of diarise
diarises: third-person singular simple present indicative of diarise
step out: To exit a place on foot, often for a short time.
step out: To date, to be in a romantic relationship.
step out: To increase the length, but not the rapidity, of the step.
unmoored: simple past and past participle of unmoor
winds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wind up
wound up: simple past and past participle of wind up
blob out: To relax idly and mindlessly; to veg out.
duetting: present participle and gerund of duet
resiling: present participle and gerund of resile
bog down: To become stuck (as if in a bog) and unable to progress.
bog down: To cause to become stuck and unable to progress.
fixtured: simple past and past participle of fixture
politick: Alternative spelling of politic
congaing: present participle and gerund of conga
wimp out: To back out of something because of cowardice.
guts out: To persevere through; to complete in spite of pain, etc.
degummed: simple past and past participle of degum
ungrease: To remove grease from.
optimise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of optimize.
upheaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of upheave
advening: present participle and gerund of advene
upheaved: simple past and past participle of upheave
locks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of lock up
teardown: Misspelling of tear down.
reënable: Alternative form of re-enable
flobbing: present participle and gerund of flob
ensheath: Alternative spelling of ensheathe
outpitch: To pitch better than an opposing pitcher.
underbar: To place a bar under (a symbol).
oversing: To sing with too much effort or embellishment.
unbundle: To separate parts which have been bundled together.
unbundle: To break down a product or service into a number of separate elements that can be charged for individually.
downzone: To change an area or property to a less restrictive zoning
bootlick: To seek favor from by fawning, servile behavior.
bootlick: To engage in fawning, servile behavior.
storages: third-person singular simple present indicative of storage
reclosed: simple past and past participle of reclose
recloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclose
predraft: To pull fibers slightly out of the top or roving prior to spinning.
predraft: To prepare to write the draft of a document, by means of research, discussion, etc.
demobbed: simple past and past participle of demob
subtyped: simple past and past participle of subtype
outgains: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgain
ungodded: simple past and past participle of ungod
lowlight: To dye (part of the hair) a darker color than the rest.
blurbing: present participle and gerund of blurb
boinging: present participle and gerund of boing
sonorize: To increase in sonority; to become more sonorous.
demerger: Synonym of demerge (“to reverse a business merger”)
misguess: To guess incorrectly
addulced: simple past and past participle of addulce
addulces: third-person singular simple present indicative of addulce
affeered: simple past and past participle of affeer
akenning: present participle and gerund of aken
ache for: To desire or want something, or someone, very much.
foxhunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of foxhunt
cheffing: present participle and gerund of chef
need not: do not have to, do not need to.
need not: Ought not to.
denibbed: simple past and past participle of denib
outraise: To raise more of something than (someone else); often used specifically in reference to fundraising
curveted: simple past and past participle of curvet
glitched: simple past and past participle of glitch
bedabble: To dabble about or all over with moisture; make something wet by sprinkling or spattering water, paint, or other liquid on it.
outpolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpoll
outdance: To dance better than; to outdo in dancing.
trialing: (Canadian spelling, common) present participle and gerund of trial
misdials: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdial
beehived: simple past and past participle of beehive
balls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ball up
balls up: To make a mess of a situtation.
balls up: To do something badly. To ruin a job.
discoing: present participle and gerund of disco
boldened: simple past and past participle of bolden
haul off: To alter course so as to get farther away from an object.
haul off: To leave.
haul off: To draw back the arm in order to punch.
submeter: To install a submeter for.
submeter: To charge for electricity usage measured by a submeter.
triaging: present participle and gerund of triage
tokening: present participle and gerund of token
unbanked: simple past and past participle of unbank
resorbed: simple past and past participle of resorb
reshowed: simple past of reshow
widdling: present participle and gerund of widdle
wenching: present participle and gerund of wench
disserve: To treat poorly; to do a disservice to
maggoted: simple past and past participle of maggot
unmolded: simple past and past participle of unmold
shmoozed: simple past and past participle of shmooze
shmoozes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shmooze
unstaged: simple past and past participle of unstage
pranking: present participle and gerund of prank
chunters: third-person singular simple present indicative of chunter
salchows: third-person singular simple present indicative of salchow
overfund: To supply with more funds than necessary or appropriate
besteals: third-person singular simple present indicative of besteal
boganned: simple past and past participle of bogan
bestolen: past participle of besteal
reenable: Alternative form of re-enable
batwings: third-person singular simple present indicative of batwing
bears on: third-person singular simple present indicative of bear on
pretties: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretty
stealths: third-person singular simple present indicative of stealth
nebulise: Alternative spelling of nebulize
twitting: present participle and gerund of twit
preponed: simple past and past participle of prepone
prepones: third-person singular simple present indicative of prepone
reionise: Alternative spelling of reionize
reionize: To convert back into ions.
chicaned: simple past and past participle of chicane
chicanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of chicane
overmans: third-person singular simple present indicative of overman
red ring: To suffer a general hardware fault, the red ring of death.
undammed: simple past and past participle of undam
crimsons: third-person singular simple present indicative of crimson
sexes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sex up
splurted: simple past and past participle of splurt
unkisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unkiss
plugs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of plug in
detangle: To disentangle, remove tangles from (especially hair).
unplayed: simple past and past participle of unplay
overbred: simple past and past participle of overbreed
cameoing: present participle and gerund of cameo
hole out: To complete a hole by sinking the ball.
dummying: present participle and gerund of dummy
refights: third-person singular simple present indicative of refight
plotzing: present participle and gerund of plotz
bollixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bollix
ironised: simple past and past participle of ironise
frenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of french
bannered: simple past and past participle of banner
ironises: third-person singular simple present indicative of ironise
nannying: present participle and gerund of nanny
backload: To load toward the back, or towards the end of a period.
backload: To load (cargo, shipment, etc.) after unloading has been completed.
backload: To transport further toward the rear of the theater of war.
backload: To fill a syringe with solution from the plunger end of the barrel.
valeting: present participle and gerund of valet
rescores: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescore
rescored: simple past and past participle of rescore
pillared: simple past and past participle of pillar (verb)
overtops: third-person singular simple present indicative of overtop
loved up: simple past and past participle of love up
covaries: third-person singular simple present indicative of covary
covaried: simple past and past participle of covary
citifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of citify
notch up: To achieve; to gain by successful effort.
comarket: To market (a pharmaceutical product) under different names in different regions.
fritting: present participle and gerund of frit
heavying: present participle and gerund of heavy
prematch: To match prior to some other operation
rerented: simple past and past participle of rerent
quoining: present participle and gerund of quoin
recouple: To couple or join again
overbank: To bank excessively
got high: simple past of get high
got high: past participle of get high
prograde: Of sediment, to build out seawards in conditions of marine regression.
kitemark: To approve or certify by awarding the kitemark.
reupload: To upload again.
maledict: To curse
maledict: To berate
resprout: To sprout again.
fribbled: simple past and past participle of fribble
subvents: third-person singular simple present indicative of subvent
debagged: simple past and past participle of debag
raptured: simple past and past participle of rapture
polytype: To produce a polytype of.
unpretty: To make unpretty or less attractive
revoting: present participle and gerund of revote
restacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of restack
demising: present participle and gerund of demise
retarget: To target again.
retarget: To change the targeting of (a weapon etc.).
retarget: To adapt so as to run on a different platform.
outgross: To make a larger gross income or profit than.
begirdle: To encircle or surround, as with a girdle.
bevvying: present participle and gerund of bevvy
resalute: To greet in return.
resalute: To salute again.
set down: To write.
set down: To fix; to establish; to ordain.
set down: To place, especially on the ground or a surface; to cease carrying; to deposit; to allow passengers to alight.
set down: To land.
set down: To humiliate.
recensus: To repeat a census
overtype: To type on top of something already typed.
clausing: present participle and gerund of clause
reencode: Alternative spelling of re-encode
upsizing: present participle and gerund of upsize
exposits: third-person singular simple present indicative of exposit
incented: simple past and past participle of incent
spanghew: To strike and cause to fly in the air.
spanghew: ‘to inflate a frog and bowl it across the surface of a pond’
malleted: simple past and past participle of mallet
picks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pick up
renature: To reconstruct the original form of a protein or nucleic acid following denaturation
pushpins: third-person singular simple present indicative of pushpin
reselect: To select again
encoring: present participle and gerund of encore
splatted: simple past and past participle of splat
reincise: To make another incision.
shoaling: present participle and gerund of shoal
wallered: simple past and past participle of waller
oversalt: To add too much salt to (something)
minorate: To diminish.
debulked: simple past and past participle of debulk
bovvered: simple past and past participle of bovver
spazzing: present participle and gerund of spaz
bash out: To write or type something very quickly, without much thought.
bash out: To play (a tune) clumsily on a piano or similar instrument.
lead off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lead, off.
lead off: To be the first batter of an inning.
lead off: To be the first of any set, especially the first person in a group to speak; to launch or begin something by speaking.
resummon: To summon again.
resaying: present participle and gerund of resay
rigidify: To make rigid, to cause to be or become rigid.
reflowed: simple past and past participle of reflow
blanding: present participle and gerund of bland
outsound: To sound out (all senses)
outsound: To surpass in sounding.
missound: To sound or pronounce wrongly.
unported: simple past and past participle of unport
demosaic: To convert (the samples provided by the mosaic-like colour filter array of a digital camera) into a full-colour image.
thunking: present participle and gerund of thunk
oystered: simple past and past participle of oyster
ellipsed: simple past and past participle of ellipse
cofiring: present participle and gerund of cofire
twigging: present participle and gerund of twig
Arabised: simple past and past participle of Arabise
Arabizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Arabize
face off: To confront (each other).
Arabized: simple past and past participle of Arabize
Arabises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Arabise
hoarsens: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoarsen
unpotted: simple past and past participle of unpot
unhedged: simple past and past participle of unhedge
reinking: present participle and gerund of reink
dappling: present participle and gerund of dapple
outslugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outslug
reroofed: simple past and past participle of reroof
refelted: simple past and past participle of refelt
rekeying: present participle and gerund of rekey
done for: past participle of do for
articled: simple past and past participle of article
genlocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of genlock
dratting: present participle and gerund of drat
præsumed: simple past and past participle of præsume
præsumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of præsume
unstacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstack
unsmooth: To make no longer smooth; to roughen or furrow.
salaming: present participle and gerund of salam
interlay: To insert layers of a different material between.
interlay: simple past of interlie
reinvade: To invade again.
outgreen: To surpass in environmental activism or consciousness, to be more conscientious than someone else about not harming the environment, be more green than another.
honk off: To annoy.
boned up: simple past and past participle of bone up
bones up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bone up
misroute: To route incorrectly; to send the wrong way.
be along: To arrive.
tolerize: To induce immunological tolerance
bletting: present participle and gerund of blet
upwelled: simple past and past participle of upwell
hand-tab: To spot-apply asphalt-based adhesive to shingles for securement and wind resistance.
overwets: third-person singular simple present indicative of overwet
rehidden: past participle of rehide
rehiding: present participle and gerund of rehide
undreams: third-person singular simple present indicative of undream
unmixing: present participle and gerund of unmix
reboards: third-person singular simple present indicative of reboard
dot-coms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dot-com
derezzed: simple past and past participle of derezz
gafiated: simple past and past participle of gafiate
gafiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gafiate
bitshift: Alternative spelling of bit shift
unlooped: simple past and past participle of unloop
bonusing: present participle and gerund of bonus
overname: To name over or in a series; to recount.
backcast: To identify the actions required in order to reach a proposed future.
backcast: To change retrospectively; reverse.
unitized: simple past and past participle of unitize
unitizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unitize
unpauses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpause
unseamed: simple past and past participle of unseam
unpaused: simple past and past participle of unpause
twatting: present participle and gerund of twat
repletes: third-person singular simple present indicative of replete
kettling: present participle and gerund of kettle
crumbing: present participle and gerund of crumb
cutifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of cutify
cutified: simple past and past participle of cutify
besuited: simple past and past participle of besuit
demitted: simple past and past participle of demit
derezing: present participle and gerund of derez
enhaloed: simple past and past participle of enhalo
goffered: simple past and past participle of goffer
glopping: present participle and gerund of glop
iotizing: present participle and gerund of iotize
recoated: simple past and past participle of recoat
reborrow: To borrow again or back.
ballgown: To roleplay romance as part of a roleplaying game.
using up: present participle and gerund of use up
gasified: simple past and past participle of gasify
prooving: present participle and gerund of proove
proovest: second-person singular simple present indicative of proove
prooveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of proove
spudding: present participle and gerund of spud
ploidize: To multiply the numbers of chromosomes in a cell
beat out: To sound a rhythm on a percussion instrument such as a drum.
beat out: To extinguish.
beat out: To defeat by a narrow margin.
beat out: To work out fully.
beat out: To make gold or silver leaf out of solid metal.
beat out: To bash a hole in.
beat out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see beat, out.
deinking: present participle and gerund of deink
cheesing: present participle and gerund of cheese
odd jobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of odd job
bepisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepiss
buncoing: present participle and gerund of bunco
upgazing: present participle and gerund of upgaze
egged on: past participle of egg on
bepissed: simple past and past participle of bepiss
margined: simple past and past participle of margin
obliqued: simple past and past participle of oblique
reinters: third-person singular simple present indicative of reinter
recludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclude
rebasing: present participle and gerund of rebase
brittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of brittle
saffrons: third-person singular simple present indicative of saffron
crispens: third-person singular simple present indicative of crispen
wizarded: simple past and past participle of wizard
velarize: To raise the back of the tongue toward the velum while articulating another consonant, such as the l of English pool.
velarize: To replace a (usually more front) consonant with a velar.
gheraoed: simple past and past participle of gherao
coedited: simple past and past participle of coedit
ninjaing: present participle and gerund of ninja
upgushed: simple past and past participle of upgush
unplaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplait
uglifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of uglify
upgushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upgush
uncloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclose
unclosed: simple past and past participle of unclose
abending: present participle and gerund of abend
innating: present participle and gerund of innate
nutshots: third-person singular simple present indicative of nutshot
bemerded: simple past and past participle of bemerd
macadams: third-person singular simple present indicative of macadam
quadding: present participle and gerund of quad
marvered: simple past and past participle of marver
disbowel: To disembowel.
argufies: third-person singular simple present indicative of argufy
argufied: simple past and past participle of argufy
wimbling: present participle and gerund of wimble
unfanged: simple past and past participle of unfang
superadd: To add on top of a previous addition.
me-tooed: simple past and past participle of me-too
twaddled: simple past and past participle of twaddle
salsaing: present participle and gerund of salsa
royalize: To make royal or royalist.
royalize: To make famous, to glorify, to celebrate.
sceptred: simple past and past participle of sceptre
misteach: To teach incorrectly.
engrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of engrain
codesign: To design together.
codesign: To cryptographically sign (software).
delimbed: simple past and past participle of delimb
withsaid: simple past and past participle of withsay
overpack: To pack too much.
withsays: third-person singular simple present indicative of withsay
unbottle: To remove from a bottle.
unbottle: To let out (an emotion, etc.).
unlashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlash
unlashed: simple past and past participle of unlash
unfucked: simple past and past participle of unfuck
unwigged: simple past and past participle of unwig
ruralise: Alternative spelling of ruralize
repoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of repoint
subbrand: To market under a subsidiary brand.
retender: To submit a second or subsequent tender
munerate: To remunerate.
ruralize: To make rural; to give a rural character to (something or someone).
ruralize: To become rural; to take up residence or spend time in the country.
tittuped: simple past and past participle of tittup
regilded: simple past and past participle of regild
noogying: present participle and gerund of noogie
unbanned: simple past and past participle of unban
upholden: past participle of uphold
fatwahed: simple past and past participle of fatwah
huzzahed: simple past and past participle of huzzah
miaouing: present participle and gerund of miaou
fatwaing: present participle and gerund of fatwa
nudzhing: present participle and gerund of nudzh
unsliced: simple past and past participle of unslice
frotting: present participle and gerund of frot
escrowed: simple past and past participle of escrow
telexing: present participle and gerund of telex
prepaint: To paint in advance.
extubate: To remove a tube from a hollow organ or from an airway.
snortles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snortle
snortled: simple past and past participle of snortle
befurred: simple past and past participle of befur
outbreed: To breed from parents not closely related.
outbreed: To breed more successfully than.
recrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of recrown
prescore: To provide (a film, etc.) with a musical score in advance.
refixing: present participle and gerund of refix
outdrove: simple past of outdrive
hurrahed: simple past and past participle of hurrah
disunify: To cause to cease to be unified; to split up or dissociate.
outdrive: To drive a vehicle, etc. farther or better than.
outdrive: To make a drive (stroke with a driver) farther or better than.
outdrive: To drive out; to repel.
unruined: simple past and past participle of unruin
stubbled: simple past and past participle of stubble
redyeing: present participle and gerund of redye
outpunch: To punch harder or better than.
overwash: To wash too much or too often.
overwash: To become flooded.
vintaged: simple past and past participle of vintage
chagrine: Alternative form of chagrin
prestudy: To study beforehand.
remoting: present participle and gerund of remote
outfires: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfire
outfired: simple past and past participle of outfire
uncooped: simple past and past participle of uncoop
tally ho: Alternative spelling of tallyho
noodging: present participle and gerund of noodge
subedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of subedit
testfire: To subject to a test firing.
darraign: Obsolete spelling of darrain
deraigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of deraign
derained: simple past and past participle of derain
overloop: To loop over.
overloop: To loop too much.
darrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of darrain
misgoing: present participle and gerund of misgo
unchilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchild
pees off: third-person singular simple present indicative of pee off
retravel: To travel again.
duckwalk: To jump on one leg while moving the other back and forth, a motion sometimes employed by guitar players in popular music.
duckwalk: To walk while squatting.
hechsher: To certify as kosher.
intender: Alternative form of entender
friezing: present participle and gerund of frieze
scruffle: To scuffle; to wrestle.
squizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of squizz
squizzes: third-person singular simple present indicative of squiz
tweeling: present participle and gerund of tweel
churched: simple past and past participle of church
confixed: simple past and past participle of confix
bosonise: Alternative spelling of bosonize
confixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of confix
collying: present participle and gerund of colly
rerender: To render again or anew.
mistitle: To title incorrectly; to give the wrong name to.
redivert: To divert again or elsewhere.
fluxions: third-person singular simple present indicative of fluxion
cwtching: present participle and gerund of cwtch
misfeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfeed
wetproof: To make waterproof.
flambees: third-person singular simple present indicative of flambee
alledges: third-person singular simple present indicative of alledge
alledged: simple past and past participle of alledge
wingeing: present participle and gerund of winge
rataplan: To drum repeatedly.
smack up: To beat up physically.
autoboot: To boot automatically.
duplexed: simple past and past participle of duplex
rewicker: To redo the wickerwork, as the wicker seat of a piece of furniture
rewicker: To rework, update, redo, reformulate; especially in the case of a multi themed, or woven, product.
prelease: To arrange a lease for in advance.
posthole: To sink one's legs deep into snow while walking.
bugproof: To make resistant to insects.
enlargen: To enlarge.
snerking: present participle and gerund of snerk
labefied: simple past and past participle of labefy
labefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of labefy
stoozing: present participle and gerund of stooze
volumize: To add volume (to something).
mark off: To separate by or as with a boundary line.
mark off: To indicate as dealt with, as on a list.
untinned: simple past and past participle of untin
solarize: To subject to solarization.
solarize: To overexpose.
solarize: To become overexposed.
solarize: To treat soil by covering with plastic and exposing to sunlight.
solarize: To convert to using solar energy.
maunched: simple past and past participle of maunch
maunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of maunch
whapping: present participle and gerund of whap
forestal: Obsolete spelling of forestall
bentshed: simple past and past participle of bentsh
bentshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bentsh
fartarse: Alternative spelling of fart-arse
forecall: To call in advance.
forecall: To ordain beforehand.
diureses: third-person singular simple present indicative of diurese
emblazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emblaze
emblazed: simple past and past participle of emblaze
missorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of missort
lanching: present participle and gerund of lanch
unformat: To remove or undo a format; to reverse the formatting of a disk.
æqualled: simple past and past participle of æqual
æqualled: simple past and past participle of æquall
ice over: To become covered in ice, usually of a body of water.
cat naps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cat nap
squopped: simple past and past participle of squop
sysopped: simple past and past participle of sysop
mispairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispair
interpel: To interrupt, break in upon, or intercede with.
ballotte: To perform ballottement upon.
built up: simple past and past participle of build up
grifting: present participle and gerund of grift
regroove: To recut the grooves of a pneumatic tyre.
preparse: To parse in advance.
reëlects: third-person singular simple present indicative of reëlect
relacing: present participle and gerund of relace
bewonder: To wonder about; wonder over; wonder at; regard wonderingly; admire.
bewonder: To fill with wonder or admiration; amaze.
back-bit: simple past of back-bite
dehiring: present participle and gerund of dehire
upthrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of upthrow
upthrown: past participle of upthrow
fiberize: To break (up) into fibers, shred to fine threads.
Satanize: To make Satanic.
loathest: second-person singular simple present indicative of loathe
woken up: past participle of wake up
waked up: simple past and past participle of wake up
wakes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wake up
pennying: present participle and gerund of penny
wambling: present participle and gerund of wamble
brusques: third-person singular simple present indicative of brusque
unstitch: To take out stitches from.
unstitch: To unravel or disunite; to cause to come apart.
præserve: Archaic spelling of preserve.
montaged: simple past and past participle of montage
unnested: simple past and past participle of unnest
livelock: To enter a state of livelock.
delibate: To taste; to take a sip of.
delibate: To dabble in.
nol pros: Abbreviation of nolle prosequi.
sad-iron: To use a sadiron.
sad-iron: To press with a sadiron.
kits out: third-person singular simple present indicative of kit out
larupped: simple past and past participle of larrup
larruped: simple past and past participle of larrup
charmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of charm
saginate: to fatten
upfilled: simple past and past participle of upfill
outtrade: To trade more or better than.
stellify: To transform from an earthly body into a celestial body; to place in the sky as such
stellify: To turn into a star.
retraits: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrait
trips up: third-person singular simple present indicative of trip up
bogs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of bog off
ywrought: past participle of work
embruing: present participle and gerund of embrue
terrasse: To terrace; to supply with a terrace or cut into terraces.
roshambo: To play a game of roshambo in order to decide a point of contention.
close in: To enclose, lock up inside something.
close in: To come nearer to someone being pursued.
unthrone: To dethrone.
yabbying: present participle and gerund of yabby
dynamize: To make dynamic.
dynamize: To render effective.
autoload: To load automatically.
restripe: To mark with stripes again or differently.
restripe: To change the space markings in a parking lot.
restripe: To change the lane markings or other markings on a road, runway or other path; to repaint existing pavement traffic markings.
restripe: To change the manner in which data is laid out across multiple disks.
restripe: To redivide (land).
shtupped: simple past and past participle of shtup
adjuting: present participle and gerund of adjute
reweighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reweigh
malaxing: present participle and gerund of malax
malaprop: To use a malapropism.
manumise: To manumit.
foredone: past participle of foredo
foredoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of foredo
japanise: Alternative spelling of japanize
mucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of muck up
unmailed: simple past and past participle of unmail
camcords: third-person singular simple present indicative of camcord
unposted: simple past and past participle of unpost
chaffing: present participle and gerund of chaff
sinuated: simple past and past participle of sinuate
sinuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sinuate
jodelled: simple past and past participle of jodel
jodeling: present participle and gerund of jodel
jumaring: present participle and gerund of jumar
babified: simple past and past participle of babify
babifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of babify
babelize: To confuse by mixing or mingling divergent or distinct languages or cultures.
begirded: simple past and past participle of begird
gettered: simple past and past participle of getter
looks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of look up
escheats: third-person singular simple present indicative of escheat
unmerges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmerge
pages up: third-person singular simple present indicative of page up
paged up: simple past and past participle of page up
segfault: To cause or experience a segfault.
detented: simple past and past participle of detent
impurple: Alternative form of empurple
co-signs: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-sign
caseated: simple past and past participle of caseate
caseates: third-person singular simple present indicative of caseate
scubaing: present participle and gerund of scuba
off-load: Alternative spelling of offload
barnacle: To connect with or attach.
barnacle: To press close against something.
cryopump: To employ such a device
garbaged: simple past and past participle of garbage
garbidge: Archaic spelling of garbage.
scrobble: To waylay, kidnap or steal.
scrobble: To publish one's media consumption habits to the Internet via software, in order to track when and how often certain items are played.
tabooing: present participle and gerund of taboo
lip-read: Alternative spelling of lipread
blegging: present participle and gerund of bleg
colloque: To hold colloquy; to converse.
infirmed: simple past and past participle of infirm
bum-rush: To force one's way into; to crash.
bum-rush: To forcibly overpower a person.
rehatted: simple past and past participle of rehat
take aim: To position oneself and/or one's weapon so as to be aimed specifically at a chosen mark or target (which is indicated after 'at')
take aim: To direct criticism (towards).
stymying: present participle and gerund of stymie
detorted: simple past and past participle of detort
sell off: To sell asset(s) for the purpose of getting rid of them quickly rather than for maximizing profit.
wipe off: To remove something by wiping.
wipe off: To destroy completely, leaving no trace.
backfoot: To put on the defensive; to put off balance.
ship out: To depart, especially for a sea voyage or military assignment.
ship out: To leave, get out, or resign.
ship out: To send, especially by means of a transport vehicle.
ship out: To get rid of, expel, or discard.
flehming: present participle and gerund of flehm
digs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of dig out
desugars: third-person singular simple present indicative of desugar
redresse: Obsolete spelling of redress.
immerges: third-person singular simple present indicative of immerge
othering: present participle and gerund of other
mixed up: simple past and past participle of mix up
bushwack: Alternative spelling of bushwhack
regrouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrout
rebleeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebleed
pupating: present participle and gerund of pupate
overlock: To stitch in this manner.
overlock: To make the bolt of a lock go too far.
percutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of percute
threshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of thresh
complots: third-person singular simple present indicative of complot
encaging: present participle and gerund of encage
focalise: Alternative spelling of focalize
rivalise: Alternative form of rivalize
accables: third-person singular simple present indicative of accable
thrusted: simple past and past participle of thrust
gladhand: Alternative spelling of glad-hand
ungluing: present participle and gerund of unglue
unsubbed: simple past and past participle of unsub
reargues: third-person singular simple present indicative of reargue
reargued: simple past and past participle of reargue
overtans: third-person singular simple present indicative of overtan
sproings: third-person singular simple present indicative of sproing
stickies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sticky
markered: simple past and past participle of marker
younging: present participle and gerund of young
bespawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespawl
dynamise: Alternative spelling of dynamize
loricate: To cover with some protecting substance, as with lute, a crust, coating, or plates.
innovent: To inventively innovate.
brailles: third-person singular simple present indicative of braille
tranduce: Misconstruction of transduce
recenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of recense
forthink: To cause distress or regret to; cause to regret or repent; to vex.
forthink: To regret; repent.
forthink: To regret.
forthink: To repent, be sorry for.
forthink: To change one's mind about; to renounce.
outputts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outputt
deskewed: simple past and past participle of deskew
frocking: present participle and gerund of frock
reevolve: To evolve again.
bugs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of bug out
upvoting: present participle and gerund of upvote
præfaced: Obsolete spelling of prefaced; simple past and past participle of præface
præfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of præface
disherit: To disinherit.
ptyalize: To spit.
ptyalize: To salivate.
downvote: To vote against, reducing a cumulative tally of popularity.
snoozles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snoozle
glutched: simple past and past participle of glutch
glutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of glutch
snoozled: simple past and past participle of snoozle
repolish: To polish again.
emprised: simple past and past participle of emprise
go wrong: To fail or go amiss; to have a bad outcome.
go wrong: To malfunction.
go wrong: To become wicked or depraved.
paunched: simple past and past participle of paunch
æmulates: third-person singular simple present indicative of æmulate
æmulated: simple past and past participle of æmulate
emprises: third-person singular simple present indicative of emprise
dickslap: To slap someone with one's penis, particularly in the face.
mullocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mullock
loses it: third-person singular simple present indicative of lose it
aslaking: present participle and gerund of aslake
simpling: present participle and gerund of simple
relocked: simple past and past participle of relock
prepulse: To produce such a pulse
sublayer: To divide into sublayers.
overtips: third-person singular simple present indicative of overtip
spherize: To cause to appear as if on the surface of a sphere.
spherize: To form or force into a spherical shape.
antifoul: To apply antifouling paint to (a boat)
aquitted: Misspelling of acquitted.
disavail: To disadvantage or harm.
disavail: To loose or stop using something.
overwind: To wind (tighten a spring of) something excessively.
overwind: To twist itself more tightly.
addended: simple past and past participle of addend
inhæring: present participle and gerund of inhære
remarket: To market again.
mactated: simple past and past participle of mactate
mactates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mactate
regening: present participle and gerund of regen
comparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of compart
flare up: To burn brightly again.
flare up: To become more intense suddenly.
flare up: To burst out suddenly, as in anger.
troshing: present participle and gerund of trosh
refloods: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflood
finetune: Alternative form of fine-tune
pumps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pump up
unquench: To reverse the effects of a previous quenching operation
kazooing: present participle and gerund of kazoo
biggered: simple past and past participle of bigger
loblolly: To behave in a loutish manner.
mailshot: To send bulk advertising to (somebody) in the post.
unbitten: past participle of unbite
rewalked: simple past and past participle of rewalk
cavilled: simple past and past participle of cavil
follered: simple past and past participle of foller
drownded: simple past and past participle of drownd
discrown: To remove the crown from; thus, to deprive of royal status.
forebore: simple past and past participle of forebear
decypher: Alternative spelling of decipher
sluffing: present participle and gerund of sluff
hallooed: simple past and past participle of halloo
imbitter: Obsolete spelling of embitter
graveled: simple past and past participle of gravel
lighteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of light
ketching: present participle and gerund of ketch
dryfired: simple past and past participle of dryfire
dryfires: third-person singular simple present indicative of dryfire
sarcased: simple past and past participle of sarcase
thacking: present participle and gerund of thack
lipsynch: Alternative spelling of lip-sync
scrunted: simple past and past participle of scrunt
relexify: Replace a language's lexicon with another's.
inaurate: To cover with gold; to gild.
out-guns: third-person singular simple present indicative of out-gun
enflames: third-person singular simple present indicative of enflame
enflamed: simple past and past participle of enflame
bows out: third-person singular simple present indicative of bow out
scale up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see scale, up.
scale up: To increase the size of something whilst maintaining proportion.
scale up: To change a process in order to allow for greater quantities.
printing: present participle and gerund of print
printing: To inadequately carry a concealed weapon such that its silhouette is visible on the person wearing it.
PEGylate: To subject to PEGylation (To react polyethylene glycol (PEG) with a protein such as interferon in order to disguise its presence to the immune system)
outslept: simple past and past participle of outsleep
outsleep: To sleep longer than or beyond.
misdeems: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdeem
hee-haws: third-person singular simple present indicative of hee-haw
outsworn: past participle of outswear
outswore: simple past of outswear
outswear: To swear (use vulgar or profane language) more frequently or powerfully than.
tepefied: simple past and past participle of tepefy
clunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of clunch
quadrats: third-person singular simple present indicative of quadrat
swear in: To administer an oath to, as an oath of office or of citizenship.
enringed: simple past and past participle of enring
dolloped: simple past and past participle of dollop
jaw-jaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaw-jaw
insonify: To flood an area or an object with carefully-controlled sound waves, typically as a part of sonar or ultrasound imaging
uncreate: To kill; to destroy; to deprive of existence; to annihilate.
uncreate: To undo the act of creating.
sporteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sport
glycates: third-person singular simple present indicative of glycate
misprise: Alternative spelling of misprize
recollar: To collar again; to fit another collar to.
endosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of endoss
rescopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescope
drink to: To raise one's glass as a toast to (someone or something).
rescoped: simple past and past participle of rescope
drink in: To absorb (liquid).
drink in: To absorb; to be completely attentive to.
recoined: simple past and past participle of recoin
exsolved: simple past and past participle of exsolve
pumicing: present participle and gerund of pumice
exsolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of exsolve
firewalk: To walk barefoot over burning embers.
graylist: Alternative spelling of greylist
greylist: To place on a greylist.
reordain: To ordain (a church official) again.
ate away: simple past of eat away
sexified: simple past and past participle of sexify
sexifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sexify
thirding: present participle and gerund of third
chase up: To follow up, so as to ensure completion.
Polonise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Polonize.
Polonize: To make Polish as to custom, culture, language, or style; to adapt to the norms of the Republic of Poland.
unmuting: present participle and gerund of unmute
greenify: To make green, especially by the addition of trees and other plants; to make environmentally friendly
nowcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of nowcast
coparent: Alternative form of co-parent
uninvite: To cancel or withdraw an invitation.
banalise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of banalize.
reshaken: past participle of reshake
reshakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshake
rarifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rarify
admirate: To admire.
nivelate: Misspelling of nivellate.
frost up: to become frosty
ekes out: third-person singular simple present indicative of eke out
eked out: simple past and past participle of eke out
buy back: to purchase something already sold, misplaced, destroyed or given away
go under: To descend into a body of water; to founder.
go under: To collapse or fail, e.g. by going bankrupt.
go under: To be named; to call oneself.
go under: To enter a trance, state of hypnosis, etc.
Xing out: present participle and gerund of X out
inquiets: third-person singular simple present indicative of inquiet
dirempts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dirempt
detinned: simple past and past participle of detin
engirdle: To encircle as if with a girdle.
accurize: To improve the accuracy of (a gun).
fabulate: To tell invented stories, often those that involve fantasy, such as fables.
fabulate: To relate as or in the manner of a fable.
fabulate: To tell fables, to narrate with fables.
opted in: simple past and past participle of opt in
incurves: third-person singular simple present indicative of incurve
cobrands: third-person singular simple present indicative of cobrand
wallhack: To use a wallhack.
stetting: present participle and gerund of stet
impurify: To make impure.
obturate: To block up or obstruct.
obturate: To block up or obstruct.
obturate: To stop up (a gun breech) so as to prevent the escape of gas when firing.
obrogate: To annul a law by enacting a new law, as opposed to repealing the former law.
live off: To depend on financially.
live off: To survive by consuming only a certain thing or things.
retweets: third-person singular simple present indicative of retweet
let know: To inform (someone) (of something).
scrub up: To clean or wash by scrubbing.
scrub up: To dress up.
frushing: present participle and gerund of frush
whelming: present participle and gerund of whelm
beglooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of begloom
outspell: To spell better than.
permaban: To ban (a user) permanently.
whoising: present participle and gerund of whois
spooners: third-person singular simple present indicative of spooner
get wise: To be impertinent.
get wise: To become aware of or see through a deception.
run amok: To go on a rampage; to be in an uncontrollable rage.
outbrave: To stand out bravely against; to face up to courageously.
outbrave: To surpass or outrival.
outbrave: To be more brave than.
wheeking: present participle and gerund of wheek
chuck in: to give up, to quit
suscribe: Misspelling of subscribe.
patch up: To repair by adding a patch.
patch up: To mend quickly.
patch up: To repair; to make better.
no-shows: third-person singular simple present indicative of no-show
toughing: present participle and gerund of tough
peg down: To fasten something to the ground using pegs.
peg down: To identify clearly.
dogproof: To make resistant to damage caused by dogs.
catproof: To make resistant to damage caused by domestic cats.
pick out: To remove by picking.
pick out: To select.
pick out: To distinguish; discern.
pick out: To ornament or relieve with lines etc. of a different, usually lighter, colour.
pick out: To detect using one's senses (sight, smell, hearing, touch, taste).
pick out: To send a long pass or cross to.
regenned: simple past and past participle of regen
adlibbed: simple past and past participle of adlib
dittoing: present participle and gerund of ditto
preshows: third-person singular simple present indicative of preshow
preshown: past participle of preshow
phone up: To phone; to contact by telephone.
phone up: To order by telephone.
press on: to persist, continue to advance
engrieve: To cause grief to, to vex or pain; to associate with vexation or pain.
engrieve: To grieve.
set fire: To light using fire; to cause to be on fire; to set alight.
smutched: simple past and past participle of smutch
run wild: To go unchecked, to be out of control.
run wild: To run consecutively.
smutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of smutch
englooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of engloom
vitamise: to use a vitamiser, to blend
reel off: To list effortlessly and quickly.
reel off: To produce (e.g. a performance), in an effortless manner.
resmelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of resmelt
crizzled: simple past and past participle of crizzle
inspiral: To spiral inward.
cheerled: simple past and past participle of cheerlead
plounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of plounce
plounced: simple past and past participle of plounce
deseeded: simple past and past participle of deseed
plows on: third-person singular simple present indicative of plow on
resodded: simple past and past participle of resod
turns in: third-person singular simple present indicative of turn in
basketed: simple past and past participle of basket
going on: present participle and gerund of go on
embarged: simple past and past participle of embarge
autohide: To hide (a visual element) automatically.
dualizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dualize
dualized: simple past and past participle of dualize
dualised: simple past and past participle of dualise
dualises: third-person singular simple present indicative of dualise
rederive: To derive again, especially by using a different method
resummed: simple past and past participle of resum
stropped: simple past and past participle of strop
unbaited: simple past and past participle of unbait
tentpole: To schedule a popular programme between two newer or less popular ones in the hope that viewers will watch them.
leniting: present participle and gerund of lenite
prewrote: simple past of prewrite
reclimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclimb
warishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of warish
warished: simple past and past participle of warish
birdsits: third-person singular simple present indicative of birdsit
took out: simple past of take out
chirring: present participle and gerund of chirr
chirring: present participle and gerund of chirre
smallcap: To set in small caps.
cognised: simple past and past participle of cognise
cognises: third-person singular simple present indicative of cognise
ashaming: present participle and gerund of ashame
cocreate: To create together.
repunish: To punish again, a further time.
restreak: To repeat a streaking procedure
disannul: To annul, do away with; to cancel.
tomatoed: simple past and past participle of tomato
waitasec: Eye dialect spelling of wait a sec.
interdot: To produce a dot or dotted pattern between.
plaining: present participle and gerund of plain
durstn't: Contraction of durst not.
braaiing: present participle and gerund of braai
humorise: Non-Oxford British English spelling of humorize
humorize: To humor someone.
ravell'd: simple past and past participle of ravel
enridged: simple past and past participle of enridge
enridges: third-person singular simple present indicative of enridge
enscaled: simple past and past participle of enscale
enscales: third-person singular simple present indicative of enscale
enravish: To enrapture.
enshield: To shield; to defend.
annexin': Pronunciation spelling of annexing.
recleans: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclean
underfit: To use a statistical model that has too few parameters relative to the size of the sample.
ruinates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruinate
ruinated: simple past and past participle of ruinate
portscan: To scan (a network host) in order to detect open ports.
rises up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rise up
risen up: past participle of rise up
rethread: To thread again (in various senses).
keeps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep on
railbank: To convert an out-of-use railroad track into a trail for public use.
lucks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of luck in
limewash: To paint with limewash (slaked lime in water).
reobtain: To obtain again.
unkennel: To scare out from a lair or a den.
unkennel: To let (dogs) out of a kennel.
unkennel: To reveal, uncover or unfold.
unimpale: To release from being impaled.
coralise: Alternative form of coralize
furnaced: simple past and past participle of furnace
oompahed: simple past and past participle of oompah
sclerose: To harden.
sclerose: To undergo sclerosis.
unbeauty: To unbeautify.
viewport: To clip (an image or region) so that it fits in a viewport.
precache: To cache in advance.
Googling: present participle and gerund of Google
forelook: To look beforehand, to preview.
forelook: To look forward.
pawn off: To get rid of (something or someone unwanted) by transferring it to another.
linotype: To prepare (printed matter) using a linotype machine.
Timonize: To behave as a misanthrope.
Timonize: To cause (someone) to slide into bitter misanthropy, into Timonism.
go forth: To move oneself forward or onward
go forth: To depart from a place; to set out.
go forth: To be divulged or made generally known; to spread; to emanate.
rewedded: simple past and past participle of rewed
Timonise: Alternative spelling of Timonize
coexpose: To expose to two or more agents simultaneously.
superlie: To lie above.
upserted: simple past and past participle of upsert
awrathed: past participle of awrath
dignosce: to discern
rerattle: to rattle again
beaconed: simple past and past participle of beacon
overbind: To bind or restrict to an excessive extent.
chats up: third-person singular simple present indicative of chat up
handlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of handle
make use: To use, usually productively and/or for a specific purpose.
make use: To help oneself.
care for: To attend to the needs of, especially in the manner of a nurse or personal aide.
care for: To like or appreciate; to consider to be appealing, tasteful, or suitable.
manglest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mangle
belt out: To sing (a song) loudly; to emit (music) loudly.
nidulate: To make or build a nest.
shrieved: simple past of shrieve
shrieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrieve
outrival: To outperform; to outdo.
rebagged: simple past and past participle of rebag
verbized: simple past and past participle of verbize
expugned: simple past and past participle of expugn
run past: To bring an idea or proposal to the attention of (someone) in order to obtain their opinion.
run past: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see run, past.
proptose: To displace (an eye) in its socket; to cause exophthalmus.
jot down: to write down hurriedly; to make a note of
whoomped: simple past and past participle of whoomp
disannex: To relinquish (land etc.) previously annexed.
box kick: to kick the ball in the manner described above.
unlawing: present participle and gerund of unlaw
endolour: Render dolorous; cause to be tormented by grief; aggrieve to profound sorrow.
pump out: to remove liquid using a pump
pump out: to produce in large quantities
bust out: To escape (from); break out.
bust out: To free from captivity.
bust out: To reveal, to show.
bust out: To bring out, to take out.
bust out: To burst out (laughing).
bust out: To lose by going bust.
bust out: To buy an interest in a business and then take out a large amount of debt, strip the business of assets and then cash out before the business goes into bankruptcy.
bring on: To cause.
bring on: To make something appear, as on a stage or a place of competition.
bring on: To pose a challenge or threat; to attack; to compete aggressively.
bumbazed: simple past and past participle of bumbaze
encashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of encash
encashed: simple past and past participle of encash
coadsorb: To adsorb more than one substance at the same time
coadsorb: To be adsorbed along with another substance
liposuck: To perform liposuction on (fat).
liposuck: To perform liposuction on (a person).
lengthed: simple past and past participle of length
whiffled: simple past and past participle of whiffle
pooching: present participle and gerund of pooch
primming: present participle and gerund of prim
snouting: present participle and gerund of snout
disadorn: To deprive of ornaments.
decohere: To cause, or to undergo decoherence.
knockin': Pronunciation spelling of knocking.
allylate: To cause, or to undergo allylation
doughing: present participle and gerund of dough
rappeled: simple past and past participle of rappel
reteeing: present participle and gerund of retee
overplow: Alternative spelling of overplough
ingender: Obsolete spelling of engender
retailor: To tailor again or anew.
desatted: simple past and past participle of desat
silylate: To add one or more silyl groups to a molecule
replaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of replait
unsolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsolve
wabbling: present participle and gerund of wabble
unroping: present participle and gerund of unrope
pitoning: present participle and gerund of piton
bumbazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bumbaze
erotized: simple past and past participle of erotize
babywear: To wear a child, to carry them close to the body.
erotised: simple past and past participle of erotise
erotises: third-person singular simple present indicative of erotise
even out: to make or become more even
even out: to make or become more equal
outwrote: simple past of outwrite
outwrite: To write more or better than.
outwrite: To transcribe, write out
erotizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of erotize
plutoing: present participle and gerund of pluto
respited: simple past and past participle of respite
hinge on: To depend on; to be contingent upon.
screaked: simple past and past participle of screak
indevour: Obsolete spelling of endeavour
swallowe: Obsolete spelling of swallow
bemuddle: to confuse, distort
beringed: simple past and past participle of bering
lie with: To have sex with someone.
crofting: present participle and gerund of croft
backlink: To link in this fashion.
destress: To reduce the stresses in a material.
destress: To reduce the stress in oneself or another person.
destress: To reduce emphasis.
panfried: simple past and past participle of panfry
helicopt: to helicopter
unarming: present participle and gerund of unarm
stoppest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stop
fuzz out: to censor (an image) by blurring.
upscaled: simple past and past participle of upscale
airproof: To make airtight.
focalize: To focus, or to adjust a focus
focalize: To sharpen an image by focusing
focalize: To concentrate on a particular location; to localize
focalize: To switch to a particular perspective (focalization)
rerigged: simple past and past participle of rerig
resculpt: To sculpt again or in a new form.
resights: third-person singular simple present indicative of resight
boil off: to remove by boiling
boil off: to be removed by boiling
smoke up: To fill with smoke.
smoke up: To become filled with smoke.
smoke up: To smoke, and get the effects from, a drug, especially marijuana.
smoke up: To provide the resources for another to smoke, especially marijuana.
smoke up: To smoke all of one's supplies.
smoke up: To cook by smoking.
shake it: To dance.
block up: To completely block or obstruct.
block up: To be completely blocked or obstructed.
block up: To raise on blocks.
refounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of refound
pipeclay: To whiten by application of pipeclay.
pipeclay: To clear off.
beletter: To add letters (indicating rank or education etc.) to one's name as little more than decoration
begemmed: simple past and past participle of begem
bibulate: To bibble or tipple.
bilocate: To have a presence in two places at the same time.
puffs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of puff up
overfuck: To fuck excessively.
downrate: To give something a lower rating.
rethawed: simple past and past participle of rethaw
smell up: To fill up with an unpleasant odour.
smell up: To have an unpleasant odour.
ready up: to prepare for use, to get ready
rent out: to lease, let; to allow possession of (a property etc.) in exchange for rent
rain off: to cancel (an event) due to excessive rain
ripen up: to ripen; become ripe
rub down: To rub from top to bottom, e.g. for cleaning, stripping paint or massage.
rub down: To frisk (search by feeling the body and clothing).
smash up: To destroy, or be destroyed by smashing.
smash up: To injure or maim
bruiting: present participle and gerund of bruit
parbreak: To vomit, spew out.
bell out: To open out into a bell shape.
bunch up: To come or gather together.
glaze up: To become glazed
glaze up: to light up, to become more open, as if in expectation.
blaze up: To burn more brightly
blaze up: to burst into flames from a seemingly non-burning state
blaze up: To begin smoking cannabis; to light up cannabis; to get high.
corotate: To rotate in conjunction with another object
binarise: Alternative spelling of binarize
binarize: To represent in binary (base 2) notation
binarize: To convert (an image) to only black and white.
binarize: To dichotomize a variable.
binarize: To treat or represent a distinction as a binary or dichotomy.
darrayne: Obsolete spelling of deraign
hæsitate: Archaic spelling of hesitate.
enclines: third-person singular simple present indicative of encline
eloigned: simple past and past participle of eloign
scoop up: to pick up or clear up by scooping
scoop up: to take enthusiastically
gartered: simple past and past participle of garter
upscales: third-person singular simple present indicative of upscale
juice up: To charge, to charge up.
juice up: To kill or seriously injure with a knife.
juice up: To take a performance-enhancing drug.
juice up: Of a woman: to secrete vaginal juices due to arousal.
relisten: To listen again.
ingulfed: simple past and past participle of ingulf
presells: third-person singular simple present indicative of presell
churring: present participle and gerund of churr
troating: present participle and gerund of troat
yieldest: second-person singular simple present indicative of yield
evocated: simple past and past participle of evocate
roweling: present participle and gerund of rowel
decloaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of decloak
vaporing: present participle and gerund of vapor
trot out: To list or recite quickly.
trot out: To bring something forward in order to display or use it.
roysters: third-person singular simple present indicative of royster
tea-bags: third-person singular simple present indicative of tea-bag
cuntfuck: To engage in vaginal sex.
promoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of promove
decunted: simple past and past participle of decunt
uncunted: simple past and past participle of uncunt
lavaging: present participle and gerund of lavage
timesing: present participle and gerund of times
calliper: Alternative spelling of caliper
vrooming: present participle and gerund of vroom
cosplays: third-person singular simple present indicative of cosplay
brailing: present participle and gerund of brail
envolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of envolve
empierce: To pierce through.
forelift: To lift up in front.
wayments: third-person singular simple present indicative of wayment
outfools: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfool
unbefool: To educate so as to stop being a fool
re-cover: To cover again.
embraves: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrave
embraved: simple past and past participle of embrave
endamage: To damage.
coextend: To extend along with another.
stablish: To establish.
attemper: To temper by adjusting relative quantities, or blending qualities.
attemper: To mitigate, assuage.
attemper: To regulate, arrange, organise.
dispread: To spread out, to extend.
coinsure: To insure (or be insured) jointly with another
coinsure: To take out coinsurance
untastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of untaste
cohobate: To treat a material with a boiling liquid and repeatedly return the distillate.
transmew: To transmute, change.
outwrest: To pull out forcibly; to yank out.
chiacked: simple past and past participle of chiack
unpawned: simple past and past participle of unpawn
b****cks: Censored spelling of bollocks.
kicksled: To travel by kicksled
enlumine: To illumine; to light up.
overspan: To reach or extend over.
reproing: present participle and gerund of repro
colports: third-person singular simple present indicative of colport
unparked: simple past and past participle of unpark
go moggy: To go without restraint; to go wild; to be adventurous.
go moggy: To go crazy; to be somewhat delirious.
go moggy: (usually in the past tense, as in "gone moggy") To become broken, disorganized or dysfunctional.
vaseline: To lubricate with vaseline.
lasering: present participle and gerund of laser
suck ass: To be terrible; be of extremely poor quality.
coalized: simple past and past participle of coalize
coalizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coalize
coalised: simple past and past participle of coalise
coalises: third-person singular simple present indicative of coalise
stinkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stink
overmake: To make over or anew; recreate; remake.
overmake: To make a greater quantity than needed; overproduce; overdo.
vinifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of vinify
alterest: second-person singular simple present indicative of alter
clump up: To become clumpy; to form a clump.
totalise: Alternative form of totalize
terrifie: Obsolete form of terrify.
cooccurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of cooccur
overhale: To draw or haul over; overhaul.
overhale: To overcome.
agreeeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of agree
salifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of salify
oppilate: to block, to stop up, to obstruct
devoiced: simple past and past participle of devoice
devoices: third-person singular simple present indicative of devoice
overbode: simple past of overbide
reanoint: To anoint again.
flyposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of flypost
antproof: To make resistant to ants.
strucken: past participle of strike
studiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of study
shittin': Pronunciation spelling of shitting.
crappin': Pronunciation spelling of crapping.
shaftin': Pronunciation spelling of shafting.
shootin': Pronunciation spelling of shooting.
whippin': Pronunciation spelling of whipping.
edittin': Pronunciation spelling of editting.
touchin': Pronunciation spelling of touching.
bleedin': Pronunciation spelling of bleeding.
disdaine: Obsolete spelling of disdain
reënters: third-person singular simple present indicative of reënter
follow'd: simple past and past participle of follow
receiv'd: simple past and past participle of receive
observ'd: simple past and past participle of observe
design'd: simple past and past participle of design
speakin': Pronunciation spelling of speaking.
banish'd: simple past and past participle of banish
resolv'd: simple past and past participle of resolve
honour'd: simple past and past participle of honour
promis'd: simple past and past participle of promise
reparate: Repair; make reparate; restore to proper condition.
reparate: To make reparations.
reparate: To make reparations for; redress.
reparate: To make reparation to; compensate.
employ'd: simple past and past participle of employ
broiders: third-person singular simple present indicative of broider
suffer'd: simple past and past participle of suffer
watchin': Pronunciation spelling of watching.
souldier: Obsolete spelling of soldier.
fireform: To lengthen or widen the body of a cartridge case by firing it in a gun that has the same calibre but a larger chamber.
refatten: To fatten again
prinking: present participle and gerund of prink
perflate: To blow through (as of wind).
prisoned: simple past and past participle of prison
get with: To become intimate with; to kiss and cuddle with; to have sex with.
get with: To be in the company of; to accompany.
get with: To align oneself with.
get with: to contact; make contact with
overgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of overgo
overgone: past participle of overgo
overwent: simple past of overgo
overhent: To catch hold of; to overtake.
splitted: simple past and past participle of split.
splished: simple past and past participle of splish
foreslow: To be slow or tardy; to slow down.
foreslow: To slow, hinder, delay, impede.
whigging: present participle and gerund of whig
charking: present participle and gerund of chark
vajazzle: To decorate a woman's vulva and/or pubic area with jewels.
outdates: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdate
propages: third-person singular simple present indicative of propage
minifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of minify
minified: simple past and past participle of minify
enrooted: simple past and past participle of enroot
discides: third-person singular simple present indicative of discide
discided: simple past and past participle of discide
s'posing: present participle and gerund of s'pose
uncaping: present participle and gerund of uncape
guttling: present participle and gerund of guttle
topdress: Alternative spelling of top-dress
deionise: Alternative spelling of deionize
quiddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of quiddle
quiddled: simple past and past participle of quiddle
mistuned: simple past and past participle of mistune
thropple: Alternative spelling of thrapple
rabattes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rabatte
dehulled: simple past and past participle of dehull
re-using: present participle and gerund of re-use
locomote: To move or travel (from one location to another).
chumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of chumble
chumbled: simple past and past participle of chumble
gnarring: present participle and gerund of gnar
gnarring: present participle and gerund of gnarr
damasked: simple past and past participle of damask
dehorted: simple past and past participle of dehort
deceiv'd: simple past and past participle of deceive
imagin'd: simple past and past participle of imagine example:What is now proved was once only imagin'd.(William Blake)
examin'd: simple past and past participle of examine
acquir'd: simple past and past participle of acquire
confin'd: simple past and past participle of confine
loatheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of loathe
plodging: present participle and gerund of plodge
smogging: present participle and gerund of smog
slurried: simple past and past participle of slurry
knittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of knit
reblocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblock
autodial: To dial automatically.
emplored: simple past and past participle of emplore
emplores: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplore
de-icing: present participle and gerund of de-ice
religate: To ligate again.
religate: Obsolete spelling of relegate
stickied: simple past and past participle of sticky
swizzled: simple past and past participle of swizzle
oldening: present participle and gerund of olden
squizzed: simple past and past participle of squizz
squizzed: simple past and past participle of squiz
outleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlead
shy away: to draw back in fear, cringe, back down
forshake: Misspelling of forsake.
forshake: To shake off; rid or free oneself from.
foryield: to pay back; recompense.
foryield: to yield up; pay; reward; requite.
avengeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of avenge
avengest: second-person singular simple present indicative of avenge
claimeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of claim
claimest: second-person singular simple present indicative of claim
cheateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheat
cheatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cheat
enacteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of enact
decreeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of decree
enticeth: third-person singular present simple form of entice
fainteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of faint
granteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grant
inviteth: third-person singular present simple form of invite
laugheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of laugh
heardest: second-person singular simple past indicative of hear
mingleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mingle
spurneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spurn
pleadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of plead
sweepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweep
swelleth: third-person singular present simple form of swell
iconizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of iconize
iconized: simple past and past participle of iconize
stegging: present participle and gerund of steg
swinking: present participle and gerund of swink
reaudits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reaudit
snudging: present participle and gerund of snudge
acierate: To convert (iron) into steel, or to coat with a layer of steel by converting only the surface of the iron.
jawblock: To talk.
prelight: To illuminate in advance.
unweaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unweave
jampacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jampack
swellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swell
neckband: To attach a band around the neck (especially of wild animals)
outfence: To fence better than (in the sport of fencing).
outfrown: To exceed in frowning.
outclimb: To climb better or farther than.
outscold: To scold more than.
kvelling: present participle and gerund of kvell
outdared: simple past and past participle of outdare
outroars: third-person singular simple present indicative of outroar
outdares: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdare
outjests: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjest
outglows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outglow
macgyver: Alternative spelling of MacGyver
cytolyse: Alternative form of cytolyze
forgived: simple past and past participle of forgive
caviling: present participle and gerund of cavil
resifted: simple past and past participle of resift
cream up: to cover with cream
cream up: to become creamy
graunted: simple past and past participle of graunt
blandify: To make bland.
ungagged: simple past and past participle of ungag
fossicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fossick
prereads: third-person singular simple present indicative of preread
mummying: present participle and gerund of mummy
englobed: simple past and past participle of englobe
unlidded: simple past and past participle of unlid
swashing: present participle and gerund of swash
outleapt: simple past and past participle of outleap
outleaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outleap
delinted: simple past and past participle of delint
glouting: present participle and gerund of glout
overshop: To spend too much time or money shopping.
out-tops: third-person singular simple present indicative of out-top
unfueled: simple past and past participle of unfuel
photting: present participle and gerund of phot
chanceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chance
rerefers: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerefer
chancest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chance
forspeak: To injure or cause bad luck through immoderate praise or flattery; to affect with the curse of an evil tongue, which brings ill luck upon all objects of its praise.
forspeak: To bewitch, to charm.
forspeak: To forbid, to prohibit; to oppose.
forspeak: To say bad things about; to slander.
forspeak: Alternative spelling of forespeak
dispised: simple past and past participle of dispise
dispises: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispise
Marmites: third-person singular simple present indicative of Marmite
Marmited: simple past and past participle of Marmite
farspeak: To engage in long-distance communication by magic or telepathy.
dewiring: present participle and gerund of dewire
efforted: simple past and past participle of effort
awaitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of await
ribotype: To analyse the ribotypes of (an organism or population)
upfaults: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfault
delustre: To remove the lustre from yarn, typically by adding a pigment at spinning time
deluster: Alternative spelling of delustre
decenter: Alternative spelling of decentre
decentre: To remove the centre from. to decentre the tyres from some model vehicle kits.
decentre: To place away from the centre; to make eccentric.
decentre: To displace from the centre.
impolder: Alternative form of empolder
empolder: To construct polders in order to drain land
disbound: To extend beyond its normal bounds
pultrude: To draw resin-coated glass fibres through a heated die in order to make a composite material
stilting: present participle and gerund of stilt
sploshed: simple past and past participle of splosh
unhappen: To cease to have happened; to undo itself.
sidewind: To move sideways, especially in a series of S-shaped curves
shittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shit
shittest: Alternative form of shit test
streeted: simple past and past participle of street
soccered: simple past and past participle of soccer
rebuffer: To buffer (data) again.
overbuys: third-person singular simple present indicative of overbuy
underbuy: To buy at less than the value of.
underbuy: To buy at less than the price of another.
underbuy: To buy too little.
redelete: To delete again.
parbakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of parbake
parbaked: simple past and past participle of parbake
downlist: To move further down a list (especially in terms of endangered animals that are no longer at such risk).
upzoning: present participle and gerund of upzone
regelate: To undergo regelation.
holes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hole up
holed up: simple past and past participle of hole up
southing: present participle and gerund of south
overseed: To replenish (a pasture, lawn, or field) by adding more seeds over top of the existing vegetation (as opposed to tilling and replanting the land).
overseed: To sow excessively, at overdensity of seeds per unit area.
scriggle: To squirm, wriggle or squiggle.
scriggle: To scribble, jot.
strinkle: to sprinkle or scatter
springle: to sprinkle
précised: simple past and past participle of précis
arrowing: present participle and gerund of arrow
unnature: To change the nature of; to invest with a different or contrary nature.
emvowels: third-person singular simple present indicative of emvowel
garbages: third-person singular simple present indicative of garbage
bastille: To confine (someone or something) in, or as if in, a bastille (noun sense 2.1) or prison; to imprison.
prechews: third-person singular simple present indicative of prechew
overbake: To bake for too long.
caretook: simple past of caretake
intwined: simple past and past participle of intwine
intwines: third-person singular simple present indicative of intwine
caretake: To look after as a caretaker.
urticate: To have or produce a stinging sensation, as of nettles or urticating hair.
retwists: third-person singular simple present indicative of retwist
sangaree: To drink sangaree.
sangaree: To prepare sangaree.
sneakin': Pronunciation spelling of sneaking.
rejiggle: To rejig; to tweak or rearrange.
dephased: simple past and past participle of dephase
dephases: third-person singular simple present indicative of dephase
backwind: To deflect air into the back of a sail or of a vessel
backwind: To wind backwards.
prebatch: To batch in advance.
sight in: To align the sights of a firearm.
prebaked: simple past and past participle of prebake
prebakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebake
oversung: simple past and past participle of oversing
oversang: simple past of oversing
fraughts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fraught
defalked: simple past and past participle of defalk
cruelled: simple past and past participle of cruel
exampled: simple past and past participle of example
halloing: present participle and gerund of hallo
crotched: simple past and past participle of crotch
mismated: simple past and past participle of mismate
outwatch: To watch more than someone else.
outwatch: To maintain a vigil beyond the end.
overcrop: To cultivate land excessively and thus exhaust its fertility
overdamp: To damp a system more than would be necessary to prevent oscillation
overdate: To date later than the true or proper period.
ass-rape: To force anal sex upon another person.
ass-rape: To dominate in a contest.
reclothe: To clothe again or anew.
reclothe: To give a new form or appearance to.
daysails: third-person singular simple present indicative of daysail
rebukest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rebuke
dog-ears: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog-ear
repurify: To purify again
reglazed: simple past and past participle of reglaze
regorged: simple past and past participle of regorge
returfed: simple past and past participle of returf
regorges: third-person singular simple present indicative of regorge
reglazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reglaze
suckhole: To act in a sycophantic manner; suck up.
sunscald: To suffer such damage.
scraight: To cry; to clobber; to conk.
remodify: To modify again
debruise: To partially obscure one charge with another.
vesicate: To blister; to raise blisters on.
sulphurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of sulphur
unhoofed: simple past and past participle of unhoof
mythered: simple past and past participle of myther
unkilled: past participle of unkill
misfield: To field the ball clumsily or ineptly; in cricket this can result in the batsman scoring another run.
peaching: present participle and gerund of peach
unslings: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsling
lie upon: To be incumbent upon; to be up to (someone); to be obligatory upon.
lie upon: To lie on.
lie upon: To importune; to urge; to solicit.
undersow: To sow a second crop after a first one (the cover crop) has become established, such that they both develop at the same time
deck out: To decorate (something).
deck out: To dress (someone) in fancy clothes.
symboled: simple past and past participle of symbol
misgauge: To gauge (measure) incorrectly
oversway: To hold sway over; to have power or dominion over, to rule, govern.
oversway: To overrule.
oversway: To cause (someone, someone's thoughts or intentions etc.) to go in a particular direction; to influence.
oversway: To overpower, overwhelm.
postpose: To place (a word or phrase) after another in a sentence, especially in order to modify it
postpose: To postpone.
coenrich: To simultaneously enrich with two or more materials
yoohooed: simple past and past participle of yoohoo
predoses: third-person singular simple present indicative of predose
predosed: simple past and past participle of predose
inlarges: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlarge
inticing: present participle and gerund of intice
inlarged: simple past and past participle of inlarge
desolder: To remove solder (from)
desolder: To separate by removing solder
ingather: To collect or gather in
ingather: To gather together
cowboyed: simple past and past participle of cowboy
spirting: present participle and gerund of spirt
insonate: To expose to, or treat with, ultrasound.
missends: third-person singular simple present indicative of missend
troughed: simple past and past participle of trough
titering: present participle and gerund of titer
misaimed: simple past and past participle of misaim
un-broke: simple past of un-break
lockpick: Alternative spelling of lock pick
un-break: Alternative form of unbreak
blousing: present participle and gerund of blouse
undefine: To make indefinite; to obliterate or confuse the definition or limitations of.
undefine: To remove the definition of; to return to an undefined state.
unwished: simple past and past participle of unwish
estrayed: simple past and past participle of estray
grass on: To betray by informing on.
grass up: To betray by informing on.
redetect: To detect again or anew.
hurrayed: simple past and past participle of hurray
misclick: To perform an erroneous click with a computer mouse.
rotovate: Alternative form of rotavate
brumated: simple past and past participle of brumate
disvalue: To regard something as having little or no value.
disvalue: To undervalue; to depreciate.
jump cut: Alternative form of jump-cut.
copyread: To read text (of a newspaper etc.) and edit it to correct mistakes.
coowning: present participle and gerund of coown
rotproof: To make resistant to rotting.
redecide: To decide again or anew.
subduest: second-person singular simple present indicative of subdue
outvalue: To have a higher value than; to exceed in worth.
holloing: present participle and gerund of hollo
unstruck: simple past and past participle of unstrike
overwear: To wear out; to exhaust.
overwear: To wear (an item of clothing) too frequently.
incomber: Obsolete form of encumber.
detrends: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrend
enclasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of enclasp
bivvying: present participle and gerund of bivvy
plans on: third-person singular simple present indicative of plan on
quething: present participle and gerund of quethe
spunking: present participle and gerund of spunk
picknick: Archaic form of picnic.
nickeled: simple past and past participle of nickel
prefocus: To focus in advance
repeople: To repopulate.
automize: To automate or automatize.
havocked: simple past and past participle of havoc
skywatch: To watch the sky for aircraft, satellites or UFOs or for stars, comets etc.
waterski: Alternative spelling of water ski
increate: To create within.
autofill: To fill by autofill.
trendify: To give a trendy appearance.
unblouse: To untuck (leggings from footwear); to make (pants or trousers) unrestricted or untightened at the ankle, often as a sign of rank or service.
unblouse: To remove one's blouse (from).
reheeled: simple past and past participle of reheel
beliving: present participle and gerund of belive
fraining: present participle and gerund of frain
diecasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of diecast
ragequit: To quit an online video game in anger.
ragequit: To quit (something) in anger.
enclothe: To cover with clothing.
pay heed: To give attention; to heed.
tsktsked: simple past and past participle of tsktsk
kyanized: simple past and past participle of kyanize
sprigged: simple past and past participle of sprig
resignal: To signal again
resignal: To equip (a railway) with new signalling equipment.
largened: simple past and past participle of largen
strickle: To level using a strickle.
up-ended: simple past and past participle of up-end
sparsify: To make (a graph or a matrix) sparse.
perilled: simple past and past participle of peril
pistoled: simple past and past participle of pistol
endurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of endure
unweight: To temporarily remove the body's weight from a ski when making a turn.
unweight: To remove a statistical weighting from.
unweeded: simple past and past participle of unweed
commoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of commove
exceding: present participle and gerund of excede
commoved: simple past and past participle of commove
brattice: To divide into partitions of this kind.
ended up: simple past and past participle of end up
guddling: present participle and gerund of guddle
stoushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoush
toileted: simple past and past participle of toilet
brush by: To walk past another person, touching them slightly, normally by accident, and ignoring them.
ribbited: simple past and past participle of ribbit
unjinxed: simple past and past participle of unjinx
pregrill: To grill (food) in advance.
deaurate: To gild.
ustulate: To burn or roast (ores).
somniate: To drowse.
somniate: To cause to become drowsy.
melodize: To compose or play melodies.
melodize: To make melodious; to write a melody for (existing text).
adaptate: To adapt.
grantest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grant
greetest: second-person singular simple present indicative of greet
greeteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of greet
relinked: simple past and past participle of relink
excitate: To excite.
exhalate: to breathe out or upon.
reparent: To subject to early parenting techniques again (such as rocking and feeding) in order to treat an attachment disorder.
reparent: To change the parent of an object in a data structure.
bedinner: To take to dinner.
flagrate: To burn.
calceate: Synonym of shoe: to put on shoes.
clothest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clothe
drolling: present participle and gerund of droll
rogitate: To ask a question repeatedly.
beraying: present participle and gerund of beray
alligate: To tie; to unite by some tie.
whanging: present participle and gerund of whang
regreens: third-person singular simple present indicative of regreen
gingered: simple past and past participle of ginger
rechalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechalk
rewinded: rewound
aestuate: Alternative spelling of estuate
epilated: simple past and past participle of epilate
epilates: third-person singular simple present indicative of epilate
pixelate: To divide an image into pixels, or to display an image in pixels.
pixelate: To transform an image (or a portion thereof) into large pixels, especially in order to hide details.
supplete: To supplement, especially in terms of grammatical suppletion.
retorque: To torque again or anew.
retorque: To turn back.
effulges: third-person singular simple present indicative of effulge
trobling: present participle and gerund of troble
forstand: To stand against; stand in front of so as to bar the way; block; oppose; withstand.
forstand: To understand; comprehend.
repellet: To form into pellets again
seponate: To remove (a medication) from a patient's treatment.
rescribe: To write back; to write in reply.
rescribe: To write out again; to rewrite.
obvolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of obvolve
subduces: third-person singular simple present indicative of subduce
conquire: Obsolete form of conquer.
reinform: To inform again.
occurres: third-person singular simple present indicative of occurre
hingeing: present participle and gerund of hinge
canaling: present participle and gerund of canal
canalled: simple past and past participle of canal
ladyfies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ladyfy
ladyfied: simple past and past participle of ladyfy
outpsych: To overcome or intimidate by psychological means.
outrange: To have a longer range than (another projectile or weapon).
reawaked: simple past and past participle of reawake
reawakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reawake
reawoken: past participle of reawake
unbreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbreak
unitates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unitate
unjoined: simple past and past participle of unjoin
sanitate: To sanitize.
carbones: third-person singular simple present indicative of carbone
behavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of behave
behaveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of behave
hinnying: present participle and gerund of hinny
bandsawn: past participle of bandsaw
recanned: simple past and past participle of recan
prognose: To make a prognosis.
tumesces: third-person singular simple present indicative of tumesce
bycaught: simple past and past participle of bycatch
oversend: To send an amount greater than what is required; to oversupply.
oversend: To send (a message, etc.) to too many people.
oversend: To send over, transmit.
held out: simple past and past participle of hold out
unchurch: To expel from membership of a congregation or church; to excommunicate.
venenate: To poison; to infect with poison.
pactions: third-person singular simple present indicative of paction
recloaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recloak
succedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of succede
refusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of refuse
enskying: present participle and gerund of ensky
imparked: simple past and past participle of impark
tszujing: present participle and gerund of tszuj
melodise: Alternative form of melodize
unshifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshift
unfurred: simple past and past participle of unfur
bolix up: To confuse or fluster.
bolixing: present participle and gerund of bolix
rainwash: To wash by the action of rain.
oversets: third-person singular simple present indicative of overset
quellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of quell
fly-fish: To fish using a fly (fishing lure) as bait.
troaking: present participle and gerund of troak
envenime: Obsolete spelling of envenom
angeling: present participle and gerund of angel
Thaified: simple past and past participle of Thaify
Thaifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of Thaify
toplined: simple past and past participle of topline
toplines: third-person singular simple present indicative of topline
rip into: To verbally attack or criticise.
rip into: To start to eat something.
cosleeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cosleep
wrote up: simple past of write up
flurting: present participle and gerund of flurt
unencode: To decode.
evirates: third-person singular simple present indicative of evirate
evirated: simple past and past participle of evirate
uuencode: To encode (binary data) into a text-based format for transmission.
forbathe: To bathe abundantly or thoroughly.
dispends: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispend
put case: To take as a hypothesis; to suppose (that).
carve up: To cut into pieces.
carve up: To divide or dismember, separate into parts
forcarve: To cut through, cut completely; to carve up; to cut off.
forbreak: To break in pieces, break up, destroy.
forbreak: To break through, interrupt.
forclose: Alternative form of foreclose
forcover: To cover completely, cover over; to cover up, conceal.
cheaping: present participle and gerund of cheap
foredeal: To store; lay past; keep in reserve; hoard.
retagged: simple past and past participle of retag
fleeches: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleech
fleeched: simple past and past participle of fleech
japonise: Alternative form of Japanize
farspoke: simple past of farspeak
skitched: simple past and past participle of skitch
skitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of skitch
mutatin': Pronunciation spelling of mutating.
teachin': Pronunciation spelling of teaching.
learnin': Pronunciation spelling of learning.
appetize: To whet the appetite.
appetise: To whet the appetite.
knagging: present participle and gerund of knag
inforces: third-person singular simple present indicative of inforce
inforced: simple past and past participle of inforce
inraging: present participle and gerund of inrage
steam up: To become steamy.
steam up: To become coated with condensation.
steam up: To bring (a steam boiler) up to working steam pressure: to build up a head of steam inside (a boiler).
steam up: to build up a head of steam.
strap up: To fasten with a strap
stop off: To make a short visit somewhere, on the way to another place.
stop off: To fill (a part of a mould) with sand, where a part of the cavity left by the pattern is not wanted for the casting.
stub out: To extinguish (a cigar, cigarette) by crushing the tip.
stub out: To eradicate.
tense up: to become tense
sweep up: To clean by sweeping.
sweep up: to transport to shore by waves.
sweep up: to overwhelm, to cause to become overly involved in.
swing by: To pay a brief, informal visit.
shoogled: simple past and past participle of shoogle
tobroken: past participle of tobreak
tocleave: To divide; split open; cleave asunder.
tocleave: To split apart; break.
interset: To set between or among.
klondyke: Alternative form of klondike
prebooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebook
adjuvate: To help; to further.
resynced: simple past and past participle of resync
tosliver: To split into slivers or small pieces.
toshiver: To break in pieces.
toruffle: To ruffle excessively, to the degree of causing something to lose its proper form or shape; ruffle up.
outscorn: To overcome or overwhelm by haughty disregard; defy; scorn or despise.
umbecast: To cast about; make a circuit; travel around (a place).
umbecast: To consider, ponder.
umbecast: To hunt, search for the spoor, explore, seek, sniff around.
umbecast: To surround, encircle, beset; umbeset, circle around.
umbecast: To bind, tie up.
umbecast: To cast a shadow, cover with a shadow, shade
compinge: To compress; to shut up.
rolls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of roll up
besetten: alternative past participle of beset
tobruise: To bruise up, completely beat or batter; crush; to make numb.
foremind: To intend; predetermine.
compulse: To force, constrain, or obligate.
compulse: To behave in a compulsive manner.
volitate: To fly.
dry-fire: Alternative form of dry fire
restaple: To staple again or anew.
tosunder: To split, separate; go to pieces.
subscore: To score (make a notch) underneath
Dolbyize: To remove unwanted noise from (an audio recording) by means of Dolby Laboratories technology.
umbedraw: To turn about, turn around.
umbedraw: To draw back or aside, withdraw; retire.
retromod: To retromoderate.
frobbing: present participle and gerund of frob
denegate: To deny.
bagsying: present participle and gerund of bagsy
desecate: To cut, as with a scythe; to mow.
desecate: Obsolete spelling of desiccate
phone in: To deliver a message by telephone when etiquette demands the effort and respect conveyed by communication in person.
phone in: To make a telephone call to a broadcasting station, especially to participate in a program being aired.
phone in: As phone it in (idiomatic) To fulfill a responsibility with a minimum effort rather than the appropriate level of effort.
phone in: To make an unseemly, timid performance; to be restrained and timid when bold action is called for.
buy into: To believe; to accept a craze or fad as valid.
buy into: To buy stocks or shares of (a business).
dispenst: simple past and past participle of dispense: archaic spelling of dispensed.
pejorate: To become or make (something) worse; to deteriorate, to worsen.
plantest: second-person singular simple present indicative of plant
facetime: Alternative letter-case form of FaceTime
regrazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of regraze
regrazed: simple past and past participle of regraze
regrease: To grease again.
umbraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of umbraid
frounced: simple past and past participle of frounce
daddling: present participle and gerund of daddle
rephases: third-person singular simple present indicative of rephase
rephased: simple past and past participle of rephase
yeasting: present participle and gerund of yeast
explanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of explane
unzipper: To unzip.
damasken: Alternative form of damascene
sparkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sparken
steeving: present participle and gerund of steeve
overmast: To furnish with a mast or masts overly tall or heavy.
vidcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of vidcast
brindles: third-person singular simple present indicative of brindle
shellack: Alternative form of shellac
budge up: To move or scoot over in order to make room for someone, especially when sitting.
bulk out: To become thicker, fatter or more bulky.
bulk out: To cause to be thicker, fatter or more bulky.
bulk out: To become more substantial
bulk out: To cause to be more substantial; to add substance to.
botch up: To ruin, mess up.
swimmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swim
swimmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swim
hack off: To remove by hacking; to cut off
hack off: To annoy
pad down: To spend the night somewhere.
pad down: To frisk, pat down
pad down: To reduce a signal.
snopesed: simple past and past participle of snopes
Snopesed: simple past and past participle of Snopes
deligate: To bind up; to bandage.
duck out: To depart quickly or exit abruptly, especially in a manner which does not attract notice and before a meeting, event, etc. has concluded.
duck out: To depart quickly or exit abruptly by way of, especially in a manner which does not attract notice and before a meeting, event, etc. has concluded.
duck out: To move or act so as to achieve avoidance, escape, or evasion.
unhilled: simple past and past participle of unhill
refringe: To infringe.
refringe: To refract.
crowd up: To come together, to form a crowd.
betaught: simple past and past participle of beteach
dissaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of dissave
dissaved: simple past and past participle of dissave
mispaint: To paint incorrectly; paint falsely or in wrong colours.
forthcut: To cut; plow.
newgroup: To create (a newsgroup on Usenet) by sending a special control message.
forthfet: To fetch forth.
skelping: present participle and gerund of skelp
unbricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbrick
lessoned: simple past and past participle of lesson
thugging: present participle and gerund of thug
dealbate: To whiten.
eructate: To burp; to belch.
exultate: To exult.
quobbing: present participle and gerund of quob
smirched: simple past and past participle of smirch
bebloody: To make bloody.
bedangle: to dangle
bedangle: to adorn with dangly ornaments.
beclawed: simple past and past participle of beclaw
bedeafen: To deafen.
reprobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprobe
revelate: To reveal.
rutilate: To shine; to emit rays of light.
built on: simple past and past participle of build on
build on: To add additional elements or components to (a framework, a concept, a device, etc.) in order to extend it.
build in: to add components to a larger entity without interfering with the purpose or functionality of the larger entity
build in: to build something in the interior of an entity
prebuild: To build ahead of time.
keynoted: simple past and past participle of keynote
ingraves: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingrave
disenrol: Alternative spelling of disenroll
run riot: To act in an uncontrolled, unbridled manner.
run riot: To be uncontrollable.
laughin': Pronunciation spelling of laughing. present participle of laugh
dived in: simple past and past participle of dive in
dives in: third-person singular simple present indicative of dive in
drags on: third-person singular simple present indicative of drag on
transume: To change, convert
lay over: To make an intermediary stop somewhere.
filmized: simple past and past participle of filmize
filmizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of filmize
enzoning: present participle and gerund of enzone
rewaxing: present participle and gerund of rewax
possesst: simple past and past participle of possess
rehealed: simple past and past participle of reheal
downface: To persist in an assertion in the face of opposition.
downface: To disparage; to cause to lose face.
repivots: third-person singular simple present indicative of repivot
outlaugh: To ridicule or laugh someone out of a purpose, principle, etc.; laugh down; discourage or put out of countenance by laughing.
outlaugh: To laugh louder than, surpass in laughing.
outcried: simple past and past participle of outcry
calefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of calefy
deschool: To remove the schools from; to divest (a society) of its formal education system.
glassify: Synonym of vitrify: to convert a silica-bearing material to a glasslike substance by applying heat.
glassify: To the convert sand or soil of (a particular geographic area) to a glasslike state using the heat from a thermonuclear detonation.
glassify: To convert (radioactive waste) into a glasslike substance for long-term storage.
thoriate: To add thorium or thorium oxide to (a substance) in order to increase its thermionic flow.
fatigate: To weary; to tire; to fatigue.
'phoning: present participle and gerund of 'phone
youthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of youthen
trodding: present participle and gerund of trod
hiccuped: simple past and past participle of hiccup
rechange: To re-exchange (goods, money etc.).
rechange: To change again; to change back.
frousted: simple past and past participle of froust
hit back: To retaliate
snow out: To cover with snow.
snow out: To prevent (an event) from occurring because of snow.
cut back: To reduce the amount of (something).
cut back: To reduce spending.
cut back: To reduce consumption.
cut back: To perform the cutback maneuver.
cut back: To use a short cut; to move to a location to block someone; to cut someone off
zip down: To unzip.
see over: To inspect something fully.
seek out: To try to locate; to search for.
unrating: present participle and gerund of unrate
subinfer: To infer from an inference already made.
solidate: To make solid or firm; to solidify.
did time: simple past of do time
fordread: To be in dread of.
fordread: To terrify greatly.
fordrive: To drive away; expel.
fordrive: To drive about; drive here and there; drive astray.
tip over: (to cause) to topple over and fall
tape out: To measure out (a piece of land) so as to be able to accurately fire upon it.
tape out: To complete the design of an integrated circuit so that the photomask can be sent out for fabrication.
cast out: To drive out; to expel.
buys off: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy off
subverse: To subvert.
poppling: present participle and gerund of popple
daymares: third-person singular simple present indicative of daymare
toe-poke: To kick (the ball) with the toe end of the boot.
poetizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of poetize
poetized: simple past and past participle of poetize
unchokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchoke
unchoked: simple past and past participle of unchoke
gangrape: Alternative form of gang-rape
off-bear: Alternative form of offbear
dry-hump: To simulate sexual intercourse without the genitalia directly touching, i.e. while wearing clothes, or by rubbing the genitals against something else.
commoned: simple past and past participle of common
offsmite: To strike off; cut off.
peg back: To equalize against; to prevent (the opposition) from winning.
rototill: To break up and turn soil using a rototiller.
rototill: To make extensive and pervasive changes to a piece of code without altering its functionality.
overtask: To task too heavily; to give someone or something too many tasks; to overburden.
dehooked: simple past and past participle of dehook
robotise: Alternative spelling of robotize
imbrewed: simple past and past participle of imbrew
reinduce: To induce again or anew.
praunced: simple past and past participle of praunce
praunces: third-person singular simple present indicative of praunce
shvitzed: simple past and past participle of shvitz
foreweep: To weep before; usher in with weeping.
forwaste: To waste; waste completely; lay waste to; desolate.
forwaste: To use up; exhaust; render emaciated or feeble; spend wastefully.
forwound: To wound or injure severely.
forweary: To weary utterly; tire out.
forweary: To become wearied.
aventred: simple past and past participle of aventre
aventres: third-person singular simple present indicative of aventre
forswing: To beat; whip.
forswelt: To die.
forswelt: To cause to die; kill; slay.
fortread: To tread down; tread underfoot; trample upon; crush; destroy by trampling.
forswink: To exhaust by labour; overwork.
straught: Alternative form of stretched
straught: To stretch; make straight.
bepuffed: simple past and past participle of bepuff
besouled: simple past and past participle of besoul
beguilty: To render guilty; burden with a sense of guilt.
behappen: To happen to, to befall.
repeddle: To peddle again or anew.
bemingle: To mingle; mix.
rechosen: past participle of rechoose
rechoose: To choose or select again, especially to an office or post.
rubefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rubefy
glassens: third-person singular simple present indicative of glassen
striddle: To straddle.
etherise: Alternative spelling of etherize
renested: simple past and past participle of renest
boxed in: simple past and past participle of box in
overwhip: To whip (cream, etc.) too much, so as to spoil the texture.
slowball: To pitch a slowball.
slowball: To delay something for personal advantage.
sherpaed: simple past and past participle of sherpa
compesce: To hold in check; to restrain.
walk off: To recover from (a minor injury) or digest (a large meal) by walking around.
walk off: To measure a distance by walking, as by counting paces or extending a measuring tape or rope.
walk off: To flee or abandon.
want out: To want to leave something.
wave off: To say goodbye to someone with a wave (hand gesture)
wave off: Of a referee, to disallow a field goal with the aforementioned hand gesture.
wave off: Of an aircraft carrier landing signal officer, to signal a pilot to go around.
vaginate: To ensheathe; to enclose in a sheath.
cling on: To hold on tightly; to grip hard or adhere.
work off: To lose (weight) by doing physical work; to burn off the calories gained from eating something.
work off: To end (a debt) by doing labor for the person owed money.
work off: To produce (printed matter etc.) by some process of work.
write in: To write a letter to, e.g. a publication.
write in: To fill in something required, by writing.
write in: To vote for a candidate not on the ballot by writing his or her name.
putresce: To putrefy.
coach up: To coach; to instruct.
dip into: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: dip into.
dip into: To spend some of a source of money (such as one's savings).
dip into: To read, examine or engage in (something) in a cursory or casual manner.
play off: To pretend not to be embarrassed, upset, impressed, or otherwise affected by something.
play off: To compete against in a play-off.
play off: To display; to show; to put in exercise.
twattled: simple past and past participle of twattle
twattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twattle
go along: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, along.
go along: To participate, cooperate, or conform.
go along: To move along or proceed.
go round: To physically swirl or rotate.
go round: To rotate, to move in a circle.
go round: To travel around (something) physically.
go round: To circumvent, evade or outmanoeuvre.
go round: To circulate, to move aimlessly.
go round: To pass around, to circulate.
go round: To be sufficient to be shared, to be enough for everyone.
go round: To go to another person's home or a public event.
go round: To live behaving in a certain way, doing something regularly (followed by specification).
exscribe: To copy; to transcribe.
earth up: To cover the stem or leaves of plants with soil, as to encourage root growth or protect from cold.
spraddle: To spread apart (the legs).
spraddle: To spread apart the legs of (someone or something).
spraddle: To lie, move, or stand with legs spread.
slutting: present participle and gerund of slut
salified: simple past and past participle of salify
remerged: simple past and past participle of remerge (“to merge again”)
remerged: simple past and past participle of remerge (“alternative form of reemerge”)
tabefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tabefy
ungarble: To make intelligible; to restore from a garbled state.
suckleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of suckle
sucklest: second-person singular simple present indicative of suckle
frowneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of frown
frownest: second-person singular simple present indicative of frown
reseized: simple past and past participle of reseize
reseizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reseize
inleague: Alternative form of enleague
enleague: To bring into league.
dropship: Alternative form of drop ship
jet-pack: Alternative spelling of jetpack
YouTubed: simple past and past participle of YouTube
YouTubes: third-person singular simple present indicative of YouTube
skiboard: To travel by skiboard.
beflower: To cover with flowers.
bedrench: To drench thoroughly; to make extremely wet; saturate with moisture; soak.
bekiss'd: simple past and past participle of bekiss
bediaper: To put a diaper on (someone).
besticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestick
relevate: Raise (a person’s) spirits or lighten (his) mood; relieve (someone of a mental or emotional burden).
relevate: Raise; elevate.
relevate: Raise or edify; restore (a person’s) uprightness of character.
relevate: Raise; elevate.
relevate: Raise or lift up.
relevate: Rise up.
bled dry: simple past and past participle of bleed dry
infallen: past participle of infall
splitten: past participle of split
bedrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedrive
begripes: third-person singular simple present indicative of begripe
bedriven: past participle of bedrive
springes: third-person singular simple present indicative of springe
bewimple: To cover with a wimple; veil.
bewinter: To make like winter.
boatlift: To transport (a large exodus of people, etc.) by boat.
rake off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: rake off.
rake off: To remove (something from something) in a sweeping motion.
T-boning: present participle and gerund of T-bone
hide out: To hide somewhere.
brace up: To strengthen with bracing material.
brace up: To become more optimistic.
brace up: To strengthen (oneself), become stronger or more resilient.
imployed: simple past and past participle of imploy
refurled: simple past and past participle of refurl
laicises: third-person singular simple present indicative of laicise
laicised: simple past and past participle of laicise
staddled: simple past and past participle of staddle
retiming: present participle and gerund of retime
whip off: To remove something (especially an item of clothing) with a swift movement.
play out: To play (a game etc.) to its conclusion.
play out: To play music to accompany the end of, or as a final segment in (a programme, broadcast etc.).
play out: To occur in a certain manner.
trade up: To gain value on the stock exchange.
trade up: To sell something and replace it with something more expensive.
trade up: To exchange a lower selection in a player draft for a higher one.
pluck up: To remove or acquire by plucking from, for example, the ground; to pick up.
pluck up: To become more cheerful.
pluck up: To summon positive emotion (especially courage); to muster.
staff up: To hire new staff; to fill vacancies in a workforce.
spark up: to rekindle
spark up: to make more exotic or fun
spark up: To light up; light a cigarette or start smoking a pipe, bong, etc.
spark up: To initiate (a conversation, debate etc.)
spark up: To provide electrification.
snarl up: to entangle
snarl up: To become tangled; to become entangled
snarl up: To block (traffic); to cause (traffic) to be congested.
snarl up: to become congested.
snarl up: To put into disarray; contort; confuse; muddle up
stack up: To put into a stack.
stack up: to pile up; to accumulate.
stack up: To put a group of abstract things together.
stack up: Often followed by against or among: to compare with (something); to measure up.
psych up: To motivate, encourage or mentally (emotionally) prepare.
mount up: to increase over a period of time; to accumulate
waft off: To shoo by wafting with the hands.
unpurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpurse
unpursed: simple past and past participle of unpurse
tutoying: present participle and gerund of tutoy
tutoyers: third-person singular simple present indicative of tutoyer
uncrunch: To decompress.
gerbiled: simple past and past participle of gerbil
bullshat: simple past of bullshit
outdwell: To dwell or stay beyond; to outstay
outholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhold
whiffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whiffle
dream on: To continue dreaming.
bebopped: simple past and past participle of bebop
undercry: To cry out.
kittened: simple past and past participle of kitten
talebear: To tell or spread tales.
unripped: simple past and past participle of unrip
uncurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncurse
foredeem: To judge, form a judgement of, or declare beforehand; foretell; forecast; presage.
foredeem: To deem or account in advance; consider; take for granted; expect.
happen'd: simple past and past participle of happen
forshape: To metamorphose; change the shape of; transform.
forshape: To put out of shape; distort; make misshapen; disfigure.
forshame: To be ashamed; be greatly ashamed.
forshame: To shame; bring reproach on.
forshame: To dare; presume; have the face to.
harshing: present participle and gerund of harsh
luminate: To illuminate.
forslack: To slack up; be or grow slack; pall.
forslack: To be slack in; neglect by idleness; relax; render slack; delay; lose or spoil by slackness.
forspend: To spend up; spend completely; exhaust, as by overexertion.
blendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blend
wringest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wring
forncast: To arrange beforehand; forecast.
curls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of curl up
malignes: third-person singular simple present indicative of maligne
chink up: To fill cracks in something, for example a wall.
chew off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see chew, off.
chew off: To reprimand, to scold
chirk up: To become more cheerful, perk up.
choke up: To (temporarily) lose one's power of speech, because of strong emotion.
choke up: To cause (a person) temporarily to lose the power of speech, because of strong emotion.
choke up: To block up; to cause something to be blocked.
choke up: To hold the bat higher (farther from the knob) than is normal.
resperse: To sprinkle; to scatter.
ollieing: present participle and gerund of ollie
overbide: To outlive; survive.
overcark: To overcharge; overburden; harass.
makes it: third-person singular simple present indicative of make it
frown at: To disapprove of.
overdeal: To have too many dealings.
overdeal: To deal too much or too many (for example, playing cards)
glamping: present participle and gerund of glamp
licks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of lick up
præludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prælude
vegetize: To be in a vegetative state.
vegetize: To put into a vegetative state.
mow down: To cut down, especially in large numbers.
mow down: To kill or slaughter, or to injure by knocking down, especially in large numbers and in a ruthless manner.
liquesce: To become a liquid; to liquefy.
liquesce: to become more like a liquid
unpaunch: To eviscerate, disembowel (an animal).
ingrafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingraft
wiredraw: To stretch (some physical thing) out, as though drawing wire; to elongate.
wiredraw: To stretch (words, a meaning etc.) to suit one's own purpose.
againsay: To contradict; to gainsay.
dry hump: Alternative spelling of dry-hump
dad joke: To tell (someone) a dad joke.
soporate: To lay or put to sleep; to stupefy.
vaporate: To emit vapour; to evaporate.
shoutest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shout
shouteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shout
refaxing: present participle and gerund of refax
æqualize: Obsolete spelling of equalize
burst in: to enter suddenly and unexpectedly
resaddle: To saddle again, to put a saddle back on (e.g. a horse).
overgive: To give too lavishly.
overgive: To give over, hand over, surrender; to relinquish.
overgive: To give up, terminate.
overgild: To cover with gilding.
overhold: To overvalue; overestimate; hold or estimate at too dear a rate.
overhold: To hold over; keep.
hardcode: Alternative spelling of hard code
embillow: To heave, as the waves of the sea; swell.
embetter: To make better; improve.
layed up: misspelling of laid up.
daytrade: Alternative form of day trade
detrudes: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrude
redemand: To demand the return of (someone or something).
redemand: to demand again.
diminute: To lead to diminution, to lessen.
incaging: present participle and gerund of incage
defæcate: Archaic spelling of defecate.
expurges: third-person singular simple present indicative of expurge
wrassles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrassle
wrassled: simple past and past participle of wrassle
rassling: present participle and gerund of rassle
insperse: To sprinkle; to scatter.
mæanders: third-person singular simple present indicative of mæander
reraping: present participle and gerund of rerape
sewed up: simple past of sew up
æstimate: Obsolete spelling of estimate
remorate: To hinder; to delay.
repurges: third-person singular simple present indicative of repurge
spinnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spin
overhend: To overtake.
hung out: simple past and past participle of hang out
turgesce: To become turgid; to swell or inflate.
rehinged: simple past and past participle of rehinge
rehinges: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehinge
upvalued: simple past and past participle of upvalue
upvalues: third-person singular simple present indicative of upvalue
upcycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcycle
echoplex: To echo received text characters back to the computer that sent them.
upcycled: simple past and past participle of upcycle.
linishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of linish
linished: simple past and past participle of linish
reticket: To provide with a new or different ticket.
gay bash: To physically or verbally assault someone believed to be homosexual.
rebegins: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebegin
demosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of demoss
demossed: simple past and past participle of demoss
introing: present participle and gerund of intro
unbuilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbuild
outserve: To serve more or better than.
bespells: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespell
whoomphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoomph
browzing: present participle and gerund of browze
ipsatize: To make ipsative.
virilize: To make virile.
unpuzzle: To solve (a puzzle); to work out.
oranging: present participle and gerund of orange
preforks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefork
beknight: To make a knight of.
bejumble: To throw into confusion; jumble.
got laid: simple past of get laid
wolfpack: To gang up on a solitary target, in the manner of a pack of wolves.
besmooth: To make smooth.
beshroud: To cover with or as with a shroud.
beshroud: To hide in darkness, as with a cloak.
bespread: To spread over; to cover with.
beslaver: To cover with slaver, or anything suggesting slaver.
beslaver: To cover with fulsome flattery.
bescreen: To cover with a screen, or as with a screen.
bescreen: To shelter; conceal.
besmutch: To besmirch.
asplodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of asplode
asploded: simple past and past participle of asplode
hovereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hover
preclear: To clear in advance.
volumise: Alternative spelling of volumize
peal out: To ring loudly.
peal out: To cause (a bell) to ring loudly.
cursored: simple past and past participle of cursor
ferruled: simple past and past participle of ferrule.
muralled: simple past and past participle of mural
reblooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebloom
surfcast: To fish by casting into the surf near the shoreline.
outbuilt: simple past and past participle of outbuild
outbuild: To build more or better than.
resticks: third-person singular simple present indicative of restick
brattish: Alternative form of brattice
dæmonize: Rare spelling of demonize.
sporking: present participle and gerund of spork
aucupate: To hunt, to seek with vigilance.
reanswer: To answer again or anew.
reanswer: To repay, compensate, or make amends for.
upswells: third-person singular simple present indicative of upswell
recalked: simple past and past participle of recalk
reswears: third-person singular simple present indicative of reswear
redecked: simple past and past participle of redeck
recaulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recaulk
retubing: present participle and gerund of retube
foretake: To take, receive, or adopt beforehand; assume.
foretake: To take or choose before another (option); prefer.
foreflow: To flow before.
unstuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstuff
forewish: To wish or desire beforehand.
foveated: simple past and past participle of foveate
backspun: simple past and past participle of backspin
unpaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpaint
popcorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of popcorn
upbuilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbuild
forefeel: To feel or perceive beforehand or in advance; to have a presentiment of.
hiliting: present participle and gerund of hilite
forehold: To hold or believe (something) beforehand; to assume; to anticipate, to predict.
redbaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of redbait
unwrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwrite
sportest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sport
loafered: simple past and past participle of loafer
restoned: simple past and past participle of restone
catchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of catch
availest: second-person singular simple present indicative of avail
climbest: second-person singular simple present indicative of climb
counteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of count
countest: second-person singular simple present indicative of count
flighted: simple past and past participle of flight
crumping: present participle and gerund of crump
unsecret: To disclose; to divulge.
snooking: present participle and gerund of snook
besteads: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestead
outcheer: To cheer more or louder than.
preshift: To shift in advance.
spaz out: To lose one's physical or emotional control.
spaz out: To stop working properly.
unshapen: past participle of unshape
unshapen: Synonym of unshape
squeeing: present participle and gerund of squee
unpieced: simple past and past participle of unpiece
depetals: third-person singular simple present indicative of depetal
outwooed: simple past and past participle of outwoo
unmatted: simple past and past participle of unmat
unruffle: To remove ruffles from; to make smooth.
unruffle: To calm or soothe (a person).
unruffle: To calm down.
unbarbed: simple past and past participle of unbarb
uphurled: simple past and past participle of uphurl
upleaped: simple past and past participle of upleap
outflown: past participle of outfly
desouled: simple past and past participle of desoul
outflies: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfly
outflung: simple past and past participle of outfling
resawing: present participle and gerund of resaw
deloping: present participle and gerund of delope
dealigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dealign
overmilk: To milk (a cow or other animal) too much.
overmilk: To exploit too much
perdured: simple past and past participle of perdure
overmike: To make too loud by means of a poorly positioned microphone.
unhouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhouse
facemail: To engage in face-to-face conversation.
facemail: To send a facemail.
betallow: To cover with tallow.
beswinge: To scourge; beat.
has time: third-person singular simple present indicative of have time
had time: simple past and past participle of have time
rust off: to come apart, from the process of rusting.
unstaple: to remove staples from.
klondike: To export fresh fish (usually herring or mackerel) rather than pickled ones.
refigure: To figure again or anew.
refigure: To duplicate.
refigure: To restore the parabolic figure of, as of a parabolic mirror.
rebribed: simple past and past participle of rebribe
rebribes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebribe
paintest: second-person singular simple present indicative of paint
painteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of paint
file off: to remove using a file (the tool)
file off: to depart in single file
fork off: to diverge into two or more separate paths.
fork off: Euphemistic form of fuck off.
cornutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cornute
cornuted: simple past and past participle of cornute
fire out: to shoot out
draw off: To remove by using a siphon.
draw off: To retire or retreat.
chelping: present participle and gerund of chelp
embogued: simple past and past participle of embogue
embogues: third-person singular simple present indicative of embogue
relucted: simple past and past participle of reluct
spittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spit
overheld: simple past and past participle of overhold
rmgroups: third-person singular simple present indicative of rmgroup
truck in: To have something transported in by truck.
refought: simple past and past participle of refight
pigeoned: simple past and past participle of pigeon
medleyed: simple past and past participle of medley
recocked: simple past and past participle of recock
instream: To flow or stream in; flow or stream into.
store up: To build up a supply of (something), usually for use at a particular time in the future, when the time is right.
ironizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ironize
ironized: simple past and past participle of ironize
shebeens: third-person singular simple present indicative of shebeen
shroomed: simple past and past participle of shroom
deblocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deblock
deblends: third-person singular simple present indicative of deblend
beslimed: simple past and past participle of beslime
beskirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beskirt
beslimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of beslime
beslaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of beslave
overbeat: To beat (eggs, cream, etc.) for too long, impairing the texture.
beslaved: simple past and past participle of beslave
rescreen: To screen again.
resecure: To secure again.
overdyed: simple past and past participle of overdye
overdyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of overdye
newmodel: Alternative form of new-model; to give a new form to; remodel; rearrange in a new way.
whorling: present participle and gerund of whorl
subwayed: simple past and past participle of subway
uncrooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrook
requoted: simple past and past participle of requote
requotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of requote
rejailed: simple past and past participle of rejail
recarves: third-person singular simple present indicative of recarve
recarved: simple past and past participle of recarve
prebreak: To break up large chunks of material into a size that is more convenient for further processing.
gzipping: present participle and gerund of gzip
reflower: To flower again or anew.
had best: Had better.
alleycat: Alternative form of alley cat
scutting: present participle and gerund of scut
inbreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbreak
inbroken: past participle of inbreak
rebottle: To bottle again or anew.
outyells: third-person singular simple present indicative of outyell
existeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exist
existest: second-person singular simple present indicative of exist
misvoted: simple past and past participle of misvote
unscroll: To open or unfold progressively, as a scroll does.
reseason: To season again.
cartwhip: To beat with a cartwhip.
severeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sever
regrafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of regraft
razoring: present participle and gerund of razor
go crazy: To suddenly behave irrationally; to go mad.
recrafts: third-person singular simple present indicative of recraft
waitlist: To place on a waiting list.
makes do: third-person singular simple present indicative of make do
fritzing: present participle and gerund of fritz
backtest: To test a strategy, model etc. using data from a previous time.
unshares: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshare
reindict: To indict again.
rebonded: simple past and past participle of rebond
chargest: second-person singular simple present indicative of charge
disrated: simple past and past participle of disrate
resanded: simple past and past participle of resand
disrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of disrate
landgrab: To acquire land that one does not have a right to possess.
color up: To blush (to go red).
color up: To exchange a high number of low-value chips (of one color) for a lower number of higher value (of a different color), but keeping the same overall value.
raise up: To raise (put at a higher level)
bewrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewrite
rehoning: present participle and gerund of rehone
precools: third-person singular simple present indicative of precool
dethatch: To abrade the surface of a lawn or turf in order to remove dead grass.
unpickle: To deserialize.
yokemate: To connect together as if by a yoke.
prædicts: third-person singular simple present indicative of prædict
kindlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of kindle
quackled: simple past and past participle of quackle
watchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of watch
warrayed: simple past and past participle of warray
paggling: present participle and gerund of paggle
refunnel: To redirect (money or resources) to another department or project.
prehatch: To undergo changes that lead to hatching, such as the rupture of internal membranes as the embryo begins to emerge from the blastoderm cuticle.
beams up: third-person singular simple present indicative of beam up
rules on: third-person singular simple present indicative of rule on
ruled on: simple past and past participle of rule on
dislimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dislimb
prætends: third-person singular simple present indicative of prætend
edifiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of edify
unraring: present participle and gerund of unrar
moulages: third-person singular simple present indicative of moulage
unrarred: simple past and past participle of unrar
fœderate: Obsolete spelling of federate
blend in: To add (an ingredient) by mixing or blending.
blend in: To fit unnoticed into the surroundings.
ycrowned: past participle of crown.
yfounded: past participle of found.
yglaunst: past participle of glance
ycovered: past participle of cover
revoices: third-person singular simple present indicative of revoice
reopping: present participle and gerund of reop
revoiced: simple past and past participle of revoice
irrumate: To practice irrumation; to insert the penis violently into another's mouth.
zincking: present participle and gerund of zinc
minishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of minish
minished: simple past and past participle of minish
resolder: To solder again.
bite off: To bite so hard as to remove something from its source.
bite off: To accept or commit oneself to a task, project, notion, or responsibility, especially one which presents challenges.
bite off: To acquire, especially in an abrupt or forceful manner.
mulesing: present participle and gerund of mules
somatise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of somatize.
routered: simple past and past participle of router
trot off: to leave, depart
queer up: to ruin, mess up.
daintify: To make dainty.
præpares: third-person singular simple present indicative of præpare
nymshift: To change one's pseudonym so as to appear to be posting messages as an unrelated user.
illtreat: Alternative form of ill-treat
ylearned: past participle of learn
plan out: to plan, organize, make a plan for something
effulged: simple past and past participle of effulge
pompador: Nonstandard spelling of pompadour.
outvying: present participle and gerund of outvie
outsails: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsail
outwaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwait
unkinged: simple past and past participle of unking
upgiving: present participle and gerund of upgive
unkinked: simple past and past participle of unkink
uprushed: simple past and past participle of uprush
utterest: second-person singular simple present indicative of utter
præfix'd: Obsolete form of prefix’d.
prefix'd: simple past and past participle of prefixed
offstood: simple past and past participle of offstand
upsnatch: To seize or snatch up.
offstand: To endure against; stand or ward off; defend against; withstand; resist.
offstand: To offset; compensate for; make restitution for.
feastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of feast
feasteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of feast
forbroke: simple past of forbreak
jumboize: To lengthen (a ship) by replacing an existing section with a longer section or inserting an additional section.
bestreak: To mark or cover with streaks.
explaint: simple past and past participle of explain
ram-raid: Alternative spelling of ramraid
ram raid: Alternative spelling of ramraid
hoicking: present participle and gerund of hoick
reel out: To unreel
rope off: To separate by ropes; to cordon off.
rush out: To release (a product) quickly.
rush out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: rush out.
read off: To dictate from a list.
read off: To read from a scale or measure.
read off: To scold or reprimand.
twizzled: simple past and past participle of twizzle
twizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twizzle
overwrap: To wrap in a secondary wrapper.
overwrap: To wrap such that the wrapping goes beyond the edge.
overwrap: To provide with too many wrappings.
bomb out: To fail; to produce no or very poor results; to drop out of or be eliminated from a competition.
bomb out: To destroy completely or kill with explosives.
stand-to: To assume such a state of readiness.
stand to: Alternative form of stand-to
stand to: To tolerate (something); to be able to withstand (something) stressful that will be ultimately beneficial.
stand to: To be on the verge of (something) happening, if certain conditions are met.
stand to: To live up to; to insist upon or maintain.
quailest: second-person singular simple present indicative of quail
quaileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of quail
quetched: simple past and past participle of quetch
stiflest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stifle
stifleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stifle
yandying: present participle and gerund of yandy
outbring: To bring out; deliver; utter; express.
kebabbed: simple past and past participle of kebab
kabobbed: simple past and past participle of kabob
smailing: present participle and gerund of smail
dildoing: present participle and gerund of dildo
undirect: To misdirect; mislead.
outcreep: To creep or crawl out.
outcreep: To exceed in creeping; creep faster than
outcreep: To surpass in creeping someone out.
autotune: Alternative form of auto-tune
adultize: To raise (a child) in such a way that it adopts adult behaviors earlier than is usual.
noncuple: Make nine times greater; multiply by nine.
arcwelds: third-person singular simple present indicative of arcweld
tremours: third-person singular simple present indicative of tremour
œstruate: Obsolete form of oestruate.
one-uped: simple past and past participle of one-up
aftersee: To see or witness after the fact or event; see in hindsight or retrospectively.
undersee: To see or look under or below; see below the surface of.
undersee: To look intently into; examine; inspect.
undersee: To neglect; fail to see properly or adequately; turn a blind eye to; ignore.
unliking: present participle and gerund of unlike
bemaster: To master throughly; dominate.
trapezed: simple past and past participle of trapeze
tramming: present participle and gerund of tram
thimbled: simple past and past participle of thimble
reëmerge: Alternative spelling of reemerge
quintate: To seize or destroy one fifth (of something).
forewalk: Alternative form of forwalk
forewalk: To walk before or ahead of.
re-entre: Obsolete form of re-enter.
recentre: Alternative form of recenter
massacer: Archaic form of massacre.
miniprep: To perform a miniprep procedure.
lackered: simple past and past participle of lacker
overtalk: To talk too much.
overtalk: To overcome or persuade by talking; talk over.
overtalk: To overstate; overexaggerate; talk up to seem greater than what is actual.
outspeak: To surpass in speaking; say or express more than; signify or claim superiority to; be superior to in meaning or significance; speak louder than.
outspeak: To speak out or aloud.
outspeak: To declare; utter; express; vocalise.
outspeed: To exceed in speed or velocity; outstrip.
outstand: To resist effectually; withstand; sustain without yielding.
outstand: To surpass in standing; stand or remain beyond; outstay.
outstand: To project outward from the main body; stand out prominently; be prominent.
outstand: To stand out to sea.
outstand: To remain over; remain untouched, unimpaired, unsettled, uncollected, unpaid, or otherwise undetermined.
insconce: Alternative spelling of ensconce
æquating: present participle and gerund of æquate
unwadded: simple past and past participle of unwad
polyfill: To create or apply a polyfill.
webifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of webify
webified: simple past and past participle of webify
octavate: To sound one octave higher or lower.
octavate: To resonate or sound one octave higher or lower.
octavate: To sound one octave higher or lower.
octavate: To span (at least) one octave in playing a musical instrument.
octavate: To sound one octave higher or lower.
octavate: To double the pitch of (a part of itself).
octavate: To convert (the expression of a number) from denary to octal notation.
outsings: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsing
miskeeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of miskeep
color in: To add colors to a black-and-white drawing, using colored drawing equipment.
cricking: present participle and gerund of crick
chilleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chill
cellared: simple past and past participle of cellar
mamaguys: third-person singular simple present indicative of mamaguy
come for: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see come, for.
come for: To search for someone with the intent to apprehend or cause harm.
come for: To target someone for competition or attack.
dine out: To have dinner away from one's house, usually at a restaurant.
throw on: To hastily put on (clothes).
throw on: To send or add desperately.
ease off: to reduce pressure; to become less serious
drone on: to talk in a boring manner for a long time.
dole out: To distribute in apportioned amounts.
feed off: To consume as part of a diet.
feed off: To get stimulus from (an external object).
flame up: To flare; to become inflamed.
flame up: To suddenly become extremely angry.
filagree: Alternative form of filigree
rechills: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechill
replowed: simple past and past participle of replow
replough: To plough again.
skenning: present participle and gerund of sken
tertiate: To reduce by one third; especially, kill one third of (a group of people).
tertiate: To increase by half as much again; especially to increase the price in this way.
tertiate: To do or perform three times or for the third time.
tertiate: To divide into three parts, especially to divide into thirds.
tertiate: To examine, as the thickness of the metal at the muzzle of a gun; or, in general, to examine the thickness of, as ordnance, in order to ascertain its strength.
foreread: To signify beforehand; predict.
foreread: To read beforehand or ahead of time.
foreread: To perceive, interpret or figure out in advance.
expulsed: simple past and past participle of expulse
unretire: To leave retirement and return to work.
unretire: To bring back from retirement; to reinstate.
rebulbed: simple past and past participle of rebulb
misyield: To yield incorrectly, wrongly, badly, or amiss.
subgrant: To give a grant of this kind.
rebricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebrick
outdress: To dress better than.
skronked: simple past and past participle of skronk
overpour: To pour an excessive amount.
overpour: To pour on top of something else.
humanify: To give humanity to; to make human or relatable.
handpass: To make a pass of this kind.
drownest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drown
crownest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crown
drowneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drown
unbraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbrace
outsaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsave
recorked: simple past and past participle of recork
unbraced: simple past and past participle of unbrace
overhire: To hire too many employees.
delofted: simple past and past participle of deloft
snibbing: present participle and gerund of snib
outsaved: simple past and past participle of outsave
houseled: simple past and past participle of housel
slickens: third-person singular simple present indicative of slicken
unfollow: To cease to subscribe to (a feed of another user's activity).
redrills: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrill
hooks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hook up
outwalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwalk
exegeted: simple past and past participle of exegete
prefaded: simple past and past participle of prefade
outtalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outtalk
rereport: To report again.
forspare: To spare; do without.
fressing: present participle and gerund of fress
scruzing: present participle and gerund of scruze
shrining: present participle and gerund of shrine
snaggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snaggle
rethemed: simple past and past participle of retheme
impresst: simple past and past participle of impress
rethemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retheme
pastours: third-person singular simple present indicative of pastour
anchours: third-person singular simple present indicative of anchour
censours: third-person singular simple present indicative of censour
allouing: present participle and gerund of allou
liquours: third-person singular simple present indicative of liquour
præfer'd: simple past and past participle of præfer
shunneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shun
replieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of reply
hotwired: simple past and past participle of hotwire
hotwires: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotwire
releaded: simple past and past participle of relead
suppling: present participle and gerund of supple
overpull: To pull something with more force than (someone or something).
overpull: To pull (something) too far, or with too much force.
overpull: To lure away more monsters than one can handle in combat.
glucking: present participle and gerund of gluck
smouched: simple past and past participle of smouch
debossed: simple past and past participle of deboss
smouches: third-person singular simple present indicative of smouch
slip out: To leave quietly, and unnoticed.
slip out: To go out for a brief moment; pop out
slip out: To be said or revealed by accident.
debosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of deboss
præpared: simple past and past participle of præpare
depaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of depaint
run with: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see run, with.
run with: To follow something through to completion or realization.
run with: To be a member of (a gang, hooligan firm, etc.); to associate with a, typically disreputable, individual or group.
run with: To be streaming with a fluid.
run with: To take an incomplete or inadequate (plan, text, etc.) and develop it further, often with the implication of carelessness.
steeking: present participle and gerund of steek
put over: To state or explain (a concept) in a clear, understandable manner.
put over: To make a decisive pass to a teammate so they can score a try.
put over: To increase the popularity or prove the legitimacy of another wrestler, usually by losing to them.
outspoke: simple past of outspeak
emmewing: present participle and gerund of emmew
hoaching: Alternative form of hotching
hotching: present participle and gerund of hotch
considre: Archaic form of consider.
regrated: simple past and past participle of regrate
regrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrate
sideload: To transfer data between two local devices, rather than to or from a remote device.
sideload: To install an app on a mobile device by using unofficial channels, such as avoiding the use of an app store by obtaining it directly from the developer or downloading from a software repository.
squegged: simple past and past participle of squeg
reccying: present participle and gerund of reccy
prevuing: present participle and gerund of prevue
maffling: present participle and gerund of maffle
jibbered: simple past and past participle of jibber
rebroken: past participle of rebreak
sweepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sweep
rebreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebreak
overcare: To care too much.
handmake: To make by hand; to manufacture manually.
sheddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shed
stoicize: To make something stoical.
stoicize: To treat something in a stoic manner.
chastize: Alternative form of chastise
downbear: To bear, bring or carry down.
downbear: To bear or press down (on); press upon; depress; subdue.
downbear: To lessen; reduce.
downrush: To rush down; rush downward.
downcome: To come down; fall down; come or fall apart.
unmasted: simple past and past participle of unmast
backtags: third-person singular simple present indicative of backtag
phucking: present participle and gerund of phuck
vacuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vacuate
vacuated: simple past and past participle of vacuate
kreosote: Archaic form of creosote.
formated: simple past and past participle of formate
formated: Misspelling of formatted.
unfurrow: To remove the furrows from.
unfurrow: To clear itself of furrows.
preshape: To shape in advance.
noseride: To manoeuvre a surfboard from the front end.
rekidnap: To kidnap again.
untwined: simple past and past participle of untwine
unwishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwish
unpenned: simple past and past participle of unpen
unreined: simple past and past participle of unrein
autoplay: To play automatically.
prerolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of preroll
caveated: simple past and past participle of caveat.
repocket: To pocket again; to return to one's pocket.
prewired: simple past and past participle of prewire
prewires: third-person singular simple present indicative of prewire
overfarm: To farm too much.
moonball: To strike the ball in this way.
resaving: present participle and gerund of resave
despawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of despawn
rebutton: To fasten with buttons again.
outpower: To surpass in power.
overcuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of overcut
unsewing: present participle and gerund of unsew
uncasing: present participle and gerund of uncase
unshells: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshell
unsister: To separate, as sisters; to disjoin.
unspells: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspell
uninvent: To undo the invention of; to unmake.
unsocket: To loosen or remove from a socket.
berattle: To rattle; rattle vigorously.
berattle: To cry down; abuse; run down.
droppest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drop
reentred: simple past and past participle of reentre
umbeclap: To embrace; enclose.
umbegrip: To seize hold of.
reentres: third-person singular simple present indicative of reentre
suck out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see suck, out.
suck out: To win a hand, usually on a showdown, by hitting a card on the turn or river to make a better hand than one's opponent, even though one had a significantly inferior hand on the flop.
nose out: To find using one's sense of smell.
nose out: To find by searching.
nose out: To defeat by a small margin.
C-spined: simple past and past participle of C-spine
co-wrote: simple past of co-write
sex-text: To send (someone) a sexually suggestive text message.
pack off: To send away, with belongings, for a long time.
pair off: To separate into groups of two.
pair off: To join two people into a relationship.
pair off: To agree with one of the opposite party or opinion to abstain from voting on specified questions or issues.
pack out: To fill with spectators
pack out: To bring something (often waste) away when one leaves a natural environment like a campground.
pack out: To become quite compacted; to become tightly-packed.
cut bait: To give up on something in order to pursue something else.
cut bait: To chop up fish bait for use.
peg away: To keep working at something
peg away: To depart hastily; peg it; scram.
pat down: To frisk; to check someone's body for concealed items, especially weapons.
adorated: simple past and past participle of adorate
adorates: third-person singular simple present indicative of adorate
begaying: present participle and gerund of begay
profused: simple past and past participle of profuse
swagging: present participle and gerund of swag
downdraw: To draw downward or down.
recoyled: simple past and past participle of recoyle
bleezing: present participle and gerund of bleeze
recoyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of recoyle
jogtrots: third-person singular simple present indicative of jogtrot
rendring: present participle and gerund of rendre
unbiases: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbias
unbunged: simple past and past participle of unbung
unrivets: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrivet
unvoting: present participle and gerund of unvote
touch on: To mention briefly; to cursorily discuss.
touch on: To come or go to for a short time.
powwowed: simple past and past participle of powwow
poop out: To quit due to tiredness.
poop out: To make very tired; to exhaust.
poop out: To defecate.
poop out: To give birth.
price up: To increase the price of.
price up: To calculate the price or cost of, especially when a number of components must be taken into account.
jaw away: to jabber; to gabble; to ramble
cart off: To transport away.
win back: To win (something) that one has previously lost.
win back: To regain favour (with).
win back: To get (someone) to be one's partner, after having been apart.
deburses: third-person singular simple present indicative of deburse
debursed: simple past and past participle of deburse
lie back: To lie down from a sitting position
lie back: To relax, to exert less effort
leak out: To spill or pour out, because of a leak.
leak out: To be revealed (especially, of information intended to be kept secret).
leak out: To disclose secret information surreptitiously or anonymously.
bow down: To bow, to bend oneself as a gesture of deference or respect.
eat shit: To fall and land on one's face.
eat shit: To experience a catastrophic breakdown.
eat shit: To do something disgusting or strongly undesirable.
eat shit: To be soundly defeated.
eat shit: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see eat, shit.
eat shit: To do nothing of importance; to idle.
cry down: Publicly to forbid or suppress (something).
cry down: To condemn, disparage.
cry down: to cry until it is tired.
count up: to add to get a total
count in: To include (someone) in an activity, etc.
count in: To do a countdown before the start of something, especially a musical performance.
discovre: Obsolete form of discover.
overword: To say in too many words; to express verbosely.
palatize: Synonym of palatalize
crankled: simple past and past participle of crankle
maneuvre: Alternative spelling of maneuver
decreest: second-person singular simple present indicative of decree
tabified: simple past and past participle of tabify
tabifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tabify
untabify: To reformat (text) by converting tab characters into spaces.
chinging: present participle and gerund of ching
adjected: simple past and past participle of adject
skinched: simple past and past participle of skinch
skinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of skinch
inhalest: second-person singular simple present indicative of inhale
inhaleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhale
expireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of expire
scanting: present participle and gerund of scant
expirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of expire
frapping: present participle and gerund of frap
overhope: To hope excessively; presume.
overhope: To hope constantly.
knock on: To commit a foul by knocking the ball forward.
offer up: to give (thanks, praise) to God
offer up: to sacrifice
offer up: to present
bitch up: to ruin; spoil; mess up.
shine up: to cause to be shiny or more shiny
brick in: To enclose with bricks.
butt out: To stop interfering; mind one's own business.
tripoded: simple past and past participle of tripod
seriates: third-person singular simple present indicative of seriate
predooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of predoom
coanchor: To be a coanchor of
bethwack: To pelt, thrash, or cudgel soundly.
betongue: To assail with the tongue; flout; rally.
bethrall: To enthrall; enslave.
betimber: To build.
betimber: To furnish with timber; timber.
adlected: simple past and past participle of adlect
advaunce: Obsolete form of advance.
lotioned: simple past and past participle of lotion
inhaunce: Obsolete form of enhance.
enhaunce: Obsolete form of enhance.
lipsyncs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lipsync
vandyked: simple past and past participle of vandyke
commaund: Obsolete form of command.
vandykes: third-person singular simple present indicative of vandyke
unhasped: simple past and past participle of unhasp
unhelmed: simple past and past participle of unhelm
unheaded: simple past and past participle of unhead
encludes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enclude
unasking: present participle and gerund of unask
unnailed: simple past and past participle of unnail
unforgot: simple past of unforget
rendrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rendre
entrigue: Obsolete form of intrigue.
rendreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rendre
enterest: second-person singular simple present indicative of enter
enterest: Obsolete form of interest.
unreeves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unreeve
unreeved: simple past and past participle of unreeve
remembre: Obsolete form of remember.
untiling: present participle and gerund of untile
untreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of untread
developt: simple past and past participle of develop
upboiled: simple past and past participle of upboil
upreared: simple past and past participle of uprear
uptilted: simple past and past participle of uptilt
unsprung: simple past and past participle of unspring
bed-hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bed-hop
cancells: third-person singular simple present indicative of cancell
refollow: To follow again.
propends: third-person singular simple present indicative of propend
ellisize: To anglicize or Americanize; to alter in transcription, either intentionally to facilitate spelling or pronunciation by (American) English speakers, or by mistake due to unfamiliarity with or indifference to the language of origin.
attempre: Obsolete form of attemper.
disordre: Obsolete form of disorder.
pimp out: To prostitute, take advantage of, exploit, use, to hire out or provide to others like a whore.
pimp out: To make showy improvements to; to adorn or beautify.
pestring: present participle and gerund of pestre
defœdate: To defile, to pollute.
cheerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cheer
boastest: second-person singular simple present indicative of boast
encluded: simple past and past participle of enclude
bepuzzle: To puzzle greatly; perplex.
lustered: simple past and past participle of luster
enfringe: Archaic form of infringe.
wash off: To remove (or be removed) by washing.
cyphered: simple past and past participle of cypher
querking: present participle and gerund of querk
whip out: To pull something out with a sudden jerk.
whip out: To complete or produce rapidly.
untuning: present participle and gerund of untune
unsafety: To remove the safety on a device, such as a weapon.
underdug: simple past and past participle of underdig
unbedded: simple past and past participle of unbed
underdig: To dig under or beneath; to undermine.
bepucker: To pucker.
labour'd: simple past and past participle of labour
colour'd: simple past and past participle of colour
filtring: present participle and gerund of filtre
reckon'd: simple past and past participle of reckon
delivr'd: simple past and past participle of delivre
assign'd: simple past and past participle of assign
silenc'd: simple past and past participle of silence
propos'd: simple past and past participle of propose
resign'd: simple past and past participle of resign
depriv'd: simple past and past participle of deprive
return'd: simple past and past participle of return
kiss off: to bid goodbye to (someone) with a kiss.
kiss off: to dismiss casually
indeavor: Obsolete form of endeavor.
conjur'd: simple past and past participle of conjure
spin out: To prolong; to make longer (in time).
spin out: To rotate about the yaw axis while skidding, such that the vehicle's longitudinal axis is no longer aligned with its direction of linear motion.
spin out: To cause one's vehicle to rotate about the yaw axis while skidding, such that the vehicle's longitudinal axis is no longer aligned with its direction of linear motion; or to experience such behavior from one's vehicle.
spin out: To form a subsidiary company which continues part of the prior operations of the parent company.
appear'd: simple past and past participle of appear
burstin': Pronunciation spelling of bursting.
betwynde: To escape.
plantin': Pronunciation spelling of planting.
cytolyze: To cause, or to undergo, cytolysis.
agreein': Pronunciation spelling of agreeing.
lipolyze: To cause or to undergo lipolysis.
beveiled: simple past and past participle of beveil
achiev'd: Archaic spelling of achieved.
slamdunk: Alternative form of slam dunk
blessin': Pronunciation spelling of blessing.
esteem'd: simple past and past participle of esteem
outprays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpray
outsteps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outstep
outstood: simple past and past participle of outstand
mind out: look out; watch out; be vigilant
tendring: present participle and gerund of tendre
outwells: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwell
allowin': Pronunciation spelling of allowing.
varified: simple past and past participle of varify
varifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of varify
indanger: Alternative form of endanger
inchants: third-person singular simple present indicative of inchant
manœuver: Obsolete spelling of maneuver
embronze: To embody in bronze; to set up a bronze representation of, as of a person.
embronze: To colour in imitation of bronze.
imblazon: Obsolete form of emblazon..
nobilify: To make noble; to nobiliate.
upshoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of upshoot
upwafted: simple past and past participle of upwaft
inthrone: Archaic form of enthrone.
virtuate: To make efficacious; to give virtue of efficacy.
misterms: third-person singular simple present indicative of misterm
dresseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dress
imbasing: present participle and gerund of imbase
imbanded: simple past and past participle of imband
discures: third-person singular simple present indicative of discure
discured: simple past and past participle of discure
collauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of collaud
upwhirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwhirl
dressest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dress
upsoared: simple past and past participle of upsoar
ensphere: To place in a sphere; to surround in all directions (as if) by a sphere (one of the concentric hollow transparent globes formerly believed to rotate around the Earth).
ensphere: To form into a sphere.
remasted: simple past and past participle of remast
Judaizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Judaize
Judaized: simple past and past participle of Judaize
misserve: To serve unfaithfully.
lapidify: To become stone or stony.
lapidify: To convert into stone or stony material; to petrify.
lapidify: To cause to become permanent; to solidify.
redemise: To demise back; to convey or transfer back, as an estate.
imboxing: present participle and gerund of imbox
trophied: simple past and past participle of trophy
vehicled: simple past and past participle of vehicle
overween: To think too highly or arrogantly of (oneself).
overween: To make or render arrogant and overweening.
overween: To overwhelm.
misyokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misyoke
enforest: To turn into a forest.
misyoked: simple past and past participle of misyoke
berobbed: simple past and past participle of berob
enhedged: simple past and past participle of enhedge
enhedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhedge
upwreath: To rise with a curling motion; to curl upward, as smoke does.
upwreath: To twist or entwine (something) upward.
upwreath: To send (something) upward in curls.
rechased: simple past and past participle of rechase
rechases: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechase
discages: third-person singular simple present indicative of discage
misgraft: To graft wrongly.
discaged: simple past and past participle of discage
beleives: Misspelling of believes.
beleived: Misspelling of believed.
enrounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of enround
outstunk: past participle of outstink
outbrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbray
outstank: simple past of outstink
outsoars: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsoar
outstink: To smell worse than; to surpass in stench.
unmuffle: To take a covering from, as the face; to uncover.
unmuffle: To remove the muffling of, as a drum.
unmuffle: To throw off one's concealments.
unshelve: To remove from a shelf.
unshelve: To bring back something that was shelved, or put aside.
nointing: present participle and gerund of noint
jargling: present participle and gerund of jargle
outvoice: To exceed in noise.
outnoise: To exceed in noise; to surpass in noisiness.
outbowed: simple past and past participle of outbow
coverest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cover
orderest: second-person singular simple present indicative of order
outthrew: simple past of outthrow
outblush: To exceed in blushing; to surpass in rosy colour.
outthrow: To throw out.
outthrow: To surpass in throwing.
outreign: To surpass in reigning; to reign through the whole of, or longer than.
uncredit: To cause to be disbelieved; to discredit.
outcheat: To exceed in cheating; to cheat more than.
mistutor: To tutor badly or amiss.
unburrow: To force or lure out from a burrow.
outsport: To exceed in sporting.
overjump: To jump over.
overjump: To omit or ignore.
overjump: To jump too far or too high.
enlinked: simple past and past participle of enlink
unbreast: To disclose or lay open; to unbosom.
outgazed: simple past and past participle of outgaze
outgazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgaze
non-pros: To decline or fail to prosecute; to allow (a lawsuit) to be dropped.
non-pros: To enter judgement against (a plaintiff who fails to prosecute).
outfeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfeat
overburn: To burn too much or for too long.
overburn: To record more than the usual available data capacity onto (an optical disc).
overburn: To be overzealous.
subs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of sub out
iced out: simple past and past participle of ice out
abolisht: Obsolete spelling of abolished; simple past and past participle of abolish.
cherisht: simple past and past participle of cherish
garnisht: simple past and past participle of garnish
publisht: simple past and past participle of publish
refresht: simple past and past participle of refresh
furnisht: simple past and past participle of furnish
anguisht: simple past and past participle of anguish
blemisht: simple past and past participle of blemish
tarnisht: simple past and past participle of tarnish
burnisht: simple past and past participle of burnish
furbisht: simple past and past participle of furbish
varnisht: simple past and past participle of varnish
nourisht: simple past and past participle of nourish
suppos'd: simple past and past participle of suppose
bowelled: simple past and past participle of bowel
undergoe: Obsolete form of undergo.
undipped: simple past and past participle of undip
tepefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tepefy
cheatin': Pronunciation spelling of cheating.
greetin': Pronunciation spelling of greeting.
sweatin': Pronunciation spelling of sweating.
skim off: to separate (the best part of something from the remainder)
splooged: simple past and past participle of splooge
splooges: third-person singular simple present indicative of splooge
peep out: to show, to be visible.
adrogate: To adopt (a free citizen).
munified: simple past and past participle of munify
munifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of munify
unguards: third-person singular simple present indicative of unguard
unfellow: To prevent from being a fellow or companion; to separate from one's fellows; to dissever.
upswarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of upswarm
enclouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of encloud
underput: To put or send under.
unprison: To free from prison.
delating: present participle and gerund of delate
revers'd: simple past and past participle of reverse
dispos'd: simple past and past participle of dispose
condence: Nonstandard spelling of condense.
distuned: simple past and past participle of distune
distunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of distune
temper'd: simple past and past participle of temper
unmewing: present participle and gerund of unmew
engilded: simple past and past participle of engild
unswears: third-person singular simple present indicative of unswear
decharms: third-person singular simple present indicative of decharm
enlights: third-person singular simple present indicative of enlight
unbonnet: To remove a bonnet from.
unbonnet: To take off one's bonnet.
unhelmet: To remove the helmet from.
unhelmet: To take off a helmet
embrewed: simple past and past participle of embrew
unstarch: To free from starch; to make limp or pliable.
decrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrown
untenant: To remove a tenant from.
evulgate: To publish or divulge.
relading: present participle and gerund of relade
outroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of outroot
unattire: To divest of attire; to undress.
overslow: To render slow; to check; to curb.
nounizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of nounize
unplumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplume
nounized: simple past and past participle of nounize
mistrain: To draw (something) badly or in the wrong direction.
disorbed: simple past and past participle of disorb
unhoards: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhoard
stretcht: simple past and past participle of stretch
smitheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of smith
unsadden: To relieve from sadness; to cheer.
unpinion: To release (something) from pinions; to free from restraint.
unsaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsaint
imbezzle: Obsolete form of embezzle.
distrest: simple past and past participle of distress
enformed: simple past and past participle of enform
untongue: To deprive of a tongue, or of voice.
unmaiden: To ravish; to deflower.
supprest: simple past and past participle of suppress
unsluice: To sluice; to open the sluice or sluices of; to let flow; to discharge.
unpucker: To smooth away the puckers or wrinkles of.
unpolish: To deprive of polish; to make impolite.
unmatcht: simple past and past participle of unmatch
misinfer: To infer incorrectly.
unscales: third-person singular simple present indicative of unscale
instamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of instamp
foredate: To date in advance
overbusy: To busy or involve (oneself) too thoroughly in something.
ungeared: simple past and past participle of ungear
unlapped: simple past and past participle of unlap
unpleats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpleat
defigure: To delineate.
uncamped: simple past and past participle of uncamp
prewarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of prewarn
overkeep: To keep or observe too strictly.
overkeep: To keep too long.
overheal: To heal over.
overheal: To heal excessively or beyond the point of normal healing, usually resulting in the formation of scar tissue.
overheal: To cover over.
overlade: To load with too great a cargo or other burden; overburden; overload.
reaccuse: To accuse again.
overlead: To lead excessively or too much.
overlead: To dominate; domineer over; oppress.
overlead: To affront; treat with indignity.
intrunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of intrunk
repacing: present participle and gerund of repace
outworth: To exceed in worth.
ungloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unglove
wrigging: present participle and gerund of wrig
disgests: third-person singular simple present indicative of disgest
undouble: To undo the doubling of; to unfold, or render single again.
empaired: simple past and past participle of empair
embeamed: simple past and past participle of embeam
unhooped: simple past and past participle of unhoop
imbossed: simple past and past participle of imboss
imbosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of imboss
reurging: present participle and gerund of reurge
enstamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstamp
uncowled: simple past and past participle of uncowl
belacing: present participle and gerund of belace
apricate: To bask in the sun.
apricate: To disinfect and freshen by exposing to the sun; to sun.
overtrod: simple past of overtread
cloyster: Obsolete spelling of cloister
uncypher: Alternative form of uncipher
power on: To turn on (an electrical device).
ghessing: present participle and gerund of ghess
unstocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstock
effuming: present participle and gerund of effume
uncarted: simple past and past participle of uncart
enguards: third-person singular simple present indicative of enguard
unmantle: To divest of a mantle; to uncover.
unleasht: Rare spelling of unleashed.
nol-pros: To discontinue by entering a nolle prosequi; to decline to prosecute.
indewing: present participle and gerund of indew
impeeded: simple past and past participle of impeed
spannest: second-person singular simple present indicative of span
enniches: third-person singular simple present indicative of enniche
enniched: simple past and past participle of enniche
imbraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbraid
trottest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trot
stickest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stick
chillest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chill
brandest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brand
dealtest: second-person singular simple past indicative of deal
checkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of check
crawking: present participle and gerund of crawk
reëmbark: Alternative form of reembark
made use: simple past and past participle of make use
reëmbody: Alternative form of reembody
undrapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of undrape
bumfucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bumfuck
unbenumb: To relieve of numbness; to restore sensation to.
stealest: second-person singular simple present indicative of steal
untwirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of untwirl
eutrophy: To make or become rich in minerals and nutrients, which often manifests itself in a green color.
renverst: simple past and past participle of renverse
dishelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dishelm
vauncing: present participle and gerund of vaunce
untombed: simple past and past participle of untomb
worshipt: simple past and past participle of worship
repleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of replead
broiding: present participle and gerund of broid
uncharms: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncharm
unlining: present participle and gerund of unline
unhiving: present participle and gerund of unhive
rebellow: Of a place: to re-echo to or with a sound.
rebellow: Of a bull (or similar animal): to bellow again, or as a reply.
inthrill: Alternative form of enthrill
enthrill: To pierce; penetrate; run through; stab.
enthrill: To cause to thrill.
enthrill: To charm; to enthrall.
overwalk: To walk over or upon.
overwalk: To walk past, especially without noticing.
overwalk: To walk excessively; to walk too far or too quickly.
overwalk: To take on too many walks, or cause to walk too far or too quickly.
overwalk: To overtake while walking; to walk faster than
overwalk: To walk on too much.
inglobed: simple past and past participle of inglobe
unframes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unframe
bemoiled: simple past and past participle of bemoil
unshaled: simple past and past participle of unshale
unshales: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshale
inwander: To wander in.
femalize: To render, or to describe as, female or feminine.
unpoison: To remove or expel poison from.
inglobes: third-person singular simple present indicative of inglobe
overlove: To love too much.
unglazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unglaze
unstrain: To relieve from a strain; to relax.
outweeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outweed
enfetter: To bind in fetters; to enchain.
disliken: To make unlike; to disguise.
disinure: To make unfamiliar with something; to disaccustom.
unbarked: simple past and past participle of unbark
throweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of throw
overrank: To rank excessively high
kivering: present participle and gerund of kiver
nurstled: simple past and past participle of nurstle
uncoifed: simple past and past participle of uncoif
remerges: third-person singular simple present indicative of remerge
mounched: simple past and past participle of mounch
unluting: present participle and gerund of unlute
deviling: present participle and gerund of devil
uncorded: simple past and past participle of uncord
unedging: present participle and gerund of unedge
disyokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of disyoke
imblazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of imblaze
imblazed: simple past and past participle of imblaze
befrills: third-person singular simple present indicative of befrill
disyoked: simple past and past participle of disyoke
palisado: Obsolete form of palisade.
mislearn: To learn wrongly.
bejesuit: To subject (someone) to Jesuits or Jesuit belief.
enlarded: simple past and past participle of enlard
evibrate: To vibrate.
dislinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dislink
expurged: simple past and past participle of expurge
pourtray: Obsolete form of portray.
befringe: To furnish or adorn with a fringe.
oversums: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversum
deformat: To remove the formatting from.
faddling: present participle and gerund of faddle
unhallow: To profane; to desecrate.
reoppose: To oppose again.
shoading: present participle and gerund of shoad
unlikens: third-person singular simple present indicative of unliken
bescorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of bescorn
ungirded: simple past and past participle of ungird
rebanish: To banish again.
remurmur: To murmur back or again; to reply in murmurs.
outslide: To slide outward, onward, or forward; to advance by sliding.
outslide: To slide better than
enwomans: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwoman
reconvey: To convey again, or back to a former place or owner.
bescrawl: To cover (something) with scrawls; to scribble over.
unspikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspike
outbowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbowl
keyseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of keyseat
outfling: To fling outward.
defringe: To remove unwanted surrounding portions or speckles of colour from (an image).
decarded: simple past and past participle of decard
annalize: To record in annals.
unmingle: To separate things that are mixed.
upplight: simple past and past participle of uppluck
upplucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uppluck
disgrade: To degrade.
disgrade: To deprive of rank or status.
unknight: To deprive of knighthood.
elonging: present participle and gerund of elong
unsouled: simple past and past participle of unsoul
delining: present participle and gerund of deline
unpoping: present participle and gerund of unpope
detusked: simple past and past participle of detusk
unrumple: To free from rumples; to spread or lay even,
overpeer: To peer over; to overlook.
overpeer: To rise above.
siestaed: simple past and past participle of siesta
reloving: present participle and gerund of relove
besaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of besaint
unoiling: present participle and gerund of unoil
imbodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbody
imbodied: simple past and past participle of imbody
reperuse: To peruse again.
glaunc'd: simple past and past participle of glaunce
be a man: To put up with something or take responsibility for it; to deal with something, such as pain or misfortune, without complaining.
reerects: third-person singular simple present indicative of reerect
repruned: simple past and past participle of reprune
reprunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprune
discamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of discamp
gammoned: simple past and past participle of gammon
reincite: To incite again.
relodged: simple past and past participle of relodge
relodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of relodge
whirries: third-person singular simple present indicative of whirry
whirried: simple past and past participle of whirry
enstalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstall
prolates: third-person singular simple present indicative of prolate
outbribe: To surpass in bribery.
foreshot: simple past and past participle of foreshoot
unmasque: Archaic form of unmask.
backshot: simple past and past participle of backshoot
amplexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of amplex
hambling: present participle and gerund of hamble
wrawling: present participle and gerund of wrawl
impowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of impower
discloak: To remove a cloak from.
masquing: present participle and gerund of masque
relanded: simple past and past participle of reland
inswathe: Archaic spelling of enswathe.
unboning: present participle and gerund of unbone
distitle: To deprive of a title or right.
creasote: Archaic form of creosote.
forelend: to lend in advance
outprize: To prize beyond value, or excessively.
outprize: To exceed in value.
prophane: Obsolete spelling of profane
overbrim: To flow over the brim of; to overflow.
overbrim: To be so full as to overflow.
travells: third-person singular simple present indicative of travell
bemangle: To mangle; to tear asunder.
resplits: third-person singular simple present indicative of resplit
repacify: To pacify again, to make peaceful a second time.
repacify: To pacify, to make peaceful once again.
begrease: To soil or daub with grease or other oily matter.
knabbing: present participle and gerund of knab
unshroud: To remove a shroud from; to uncover.
victuall: Obsolete spelling of victual
whinners: third-person singular simple present indicative of whinner
ungraved: simple past and past participle of ungrave
iridized: simple past and past participle of iridize
expolish: To polish thoroughly.
iridizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of iridize
pshawing: present participle and gerund of pshaw
whippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of whip
vamosing: present participle and gerund of vamose
giddying: present participle and gerund of giddy
immasked: simple past and past participle of immask
disdeign: Obsolete form of disdain.
unfences: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfence
outrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of outring
empuzzle: To puzzle.
curarize: To administer curare to.
inchaunt: Obsolete form of enchant.
enchaunt: Obsolete form of enchant.
warraunt: Obsolete form of warrant.
impearls: third-person singular simple present indicative of impearl
imbolden: Archaic form of embolden.
rangling: present participle and gerund of rangle
unpreach: To undo or overthrow (something) by preaching; to recant (something preached before).
unclouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncloud
physicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of physick
unpriest: To deprive of priesthood; to unfrock.
faulters: third-person singular simple present indicative of faulter
suaviate: To kiss.
enmisted: simple past and past participle of enmist
reallege: To allege again.
indeared: simple past and past participle of indear
eternify: To make eternal.
reendows: third-person singular simple present indicative of reendow
beautied: simple past and past participle of beauty
upclocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of upclock
reclocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclock
unduking: present participle and gerund of unduke
misforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of misform
dispoped: simple past and past participle of dispope
dispopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispope
dreining: present participle and gerund of drein
disheart: Obsolete form of dishearten.
unqueens: third-person singular simple present indicative of unqueen
unbowels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbowel
rebiting: present participle and gerund of rebite
go potty: To go and use the potty: to leave in order to urinate or defecate.
go potty: To go crazy: to become insane.
resought: simple past and past participle of reseek
discloud: To clear of clouds.
intombed: simple past and past participle of intomb
entrynge: Obsolete form of entering.
reagreed: simple past and past participle of reagree
bedizzen: Alternative form of bedizen
rizzared: simple past and past participle of rizzar
oversaid: simple past and past participle of oversay
oversays: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversay
visarded: simple past and past participle of visard
rendryng: Obsolete form of rendering.
beliking: present participle and gerund of belike
bespewed: simple past and past participle of bespew
ominates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ominate
ennewing: present participle and gerund of ennew
evesdrop: Archaic form of eavesdrop.
inisling: present participle and gerund of inisle
ominated: simple past and past participle of ominate
undersay: To say by way of derogation or contradiction.
reprized: simple past and past participle of reprize
immantle: To cover; to mantle.
reprizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprize
naturing: present participle and gerund of nature
unmeshed: past participle of unmesh
black up: To put on blackface makeup.
black up: To make something (e.g. a film, cast, story line, etc.) more racially black in character; blackenize.
gladiate: To fight as a gladiator, to digladiate.
betitles: third-person singular simple present indicative of betitle
betitled: simple past and past participle of betitle
imbalmed: simple past and past participle of imbalm
embraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of embraid
bespiced: simple past and past participle of bespice
regreets: third-person singular simple present indicative of regreet
endicted: simple past and past participle of endict
disclout: To divest of a clout.
illuring: present participle and gerund of illure
unroosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unroost
intromit: To intermeddle with the effects or goods of another.
intromit: To send in or put in; to insert or introduce.
intromit: To allow to pass in; to admit.
enfamish: To famish; to starve.
dispunge: To expunge; to erase.
dispunge: Obsolete form of disponge.
overgird: To gird too closely.
overgird: To encircle; to gird over.
overgird: To encapsulate; to encompass and bind together.
unhearts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unheart
insphere: Archaic form of ensphere.
oscitate: To gape; to yawn.
refoment: To foment anew.
inhumate: To inhume; to bury.
untented: simple past and past participle of untent
fineered: simple past and past participle of fineer
imborder: Obsolete form of emborder.
rat-race: To rat run, that is, to drive on side streets, often at high speeds, to avoid traffic.
spousing: present participle and gerund of spouse
untanked: simple past and past participle of untank
misplead: To plead amiss or in a wrong manner; err in pleading.
vowelize: To give the quality, sound, or office of a vowel to.
vowelize: To insert a vowel or vowels into.
exhumate: To exhume; to disinter.
outmodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outmode
enframes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enframe
unfacing: present participle and gerund of unface
enframed: simple past and past participle of enframe
forstall: Obsolete form of forestall.
respeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of respeak
respoken: past participle of respeak
inthrong: To throng or collect together.
disrange: To disarrange.
misdread: To regard with dread.
implunge: To plunge (something into something else).
unfiling: present participle and gerund of unfile
inuncted: simple past and past participle of inunct
emboxing: present participle and gerund of embox
overwell: To overflow.
overwell: To experience such strong emotion that it cannot be contained.
overwell: To fill with a crescendo of sound.
overwell: To flow over; to overrun.
emborder: To furnish or adorn with a border.
incrests: third-person singular simple present indicative of increst
dehusked: simple past and past participle of dehusk
beminded: simple past and past participle of bemind
disbases: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbase
engrails: third-person singular simple present indicative of engrail
disbased: simple past and past participle of disbase
hoidened: simple past and past participle of hoiden
embowled: simple past and past participle of embowl
logrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of logroll
bentched: past participle of bentch
bentches: third-person singular simple present indicative of bentch
unlodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlodge
backroll: To revert something to its previous state
backroll: To roll the marijuana cigarette into backroll shape
unlodged: simple past and past participle of unlodge
indowing: present participle and gerund of indow
enambush: To ambush.
obolizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of obolize
obolized: simple past and past participle of obolize
rowelled: simple past and past participle of rowel
denoteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of denote
unlorded: simple past and past participle of unlord
overrent: To rent for too much.
overrent: To exact too high a rent.
reexpels: third-person singular simple present indicative of reexpel
wax wode: To become angry because of something, be made angry by someone or something.
wax wode: To be alienated from somebody, be overcome with repugnance for.
reenjoys: third-person singular simple present indicative of reenjoy
misjoins: third-person singular simple present indicative of misjoin
impledge: To pledge.
rebraced: simple past and past participle of rebrace
rebraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebrace
empearls: third-person singular simple present indicative of empearl
misswear: To swear falsely.
missworn: past participle of misswear
misswore: simple past of misswear
disranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of disrank
mournest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mourn
bonneted: simple past and past participle of bonnet
outbrags: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbrag
emperils: third-person singular simple present indicative of emperil
imboiled: simple past and past participle of imboil
glairing: present participle and gerund of glair
Aryanize: To make Aryan.
intangle: Archaic form of entangle.
basified: simple past and past participle of basify
basifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of basify
demonify: To demonize.
misorder: To sort or arrange incorrectly.
deturbed: simple past and past participle of deturb
modelize: To model.
mischose: simple past of mischoose
fullfeed: To overfeed; feed to fullness or excess; make plump; fatten.
glumping: present participle and gerund of glump
imbanked: simple past and past participle of imbank
outcants: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcant
reflames: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflame
reflamed: simple past and past participle of reflame
outmarch: To surpass in marching; to march further or faster than.
remailed: simple past and past participle of remail
imbowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbower
dishouse: To deprive of house or home.
caballed: simple past and past participle of cabal
emprints: third-person singular simple present indicative of emprint
rereview: To review again.
miauling: present participle and gerund of miaul
shlenter: To acquire in an underhanded way.
shlenter: To scam, fool, deceive, trick.
disvouch: To discredit or contradict.
unsinews: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsinew
rejolted: simple past and past participle of rejolt
mismates: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismate
encradle: To lay in a cradle.
incumber: Archaic form of encumber.
sicklied: simple past and past participle of sickly
outstorm: To exceed in storming (in various senses).
disflesh: To reduce the flesh or obesity of.
disflesh: To disembody.
essoined: simple past and past participle of essoin
overbent: simple past and past participle of overbend
obduring: present participle and gerund of obdure
wharfing: present participle and gerund of wharf
deforced: simple past and past participle of deforce
deforces: third-person singular simple present indicative of deforce
deal out: not to deal cards to someone who is leaving a game.
deal out: To dole out or distribute (something).
misplans: third-person singular simple present indicative of misplan
footfuck: To sexually penetrate with one's foot or toe.
overbend: To bend over.
overbend: To bend to excess; to bend farther than the desired or intended amount.
overbend: To increase the tension on a string at the fret, causing the note to sharpen.
overbend: To overblow or overdraw in order to create a note that is sharper; to move the point in the mouth where airflow is narrowest forward.
belibels: third-person singular simple present indicative of belibel
efformed: simple past and past participle of efform
unbishop: To deprive (a city etc.) of a bishop.
unbishop: To deprive (a clergyman) of episcopal dignity or rights.
unpannel: To unsaddle; to remove the saddle from.
endoming: present participle and gerund of endome
bestrown: past participle of bestrew
misclaim: To claim erroneously or fraudulently.
invenoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of invenom
indarted: simple past and past participle of indart
inexists: third-person singular simple present indicative of inexist
furdling: present participle and gerund of furdle
readorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of readorn
aphetize: To shorten by aphesis.
begoring: present participle and gerund of begore
embottle: To bottle; to place in a bottle.
guttated: simple past and past participle of guttate
outvenom: To exceed in venom.
shrowded: simple past and past participle of shrowd
holloaed: simple past and past participle of holloa
sippling: present participle and gerund of sipple
underaid: To aid clandestinely.
restrove: simple past of restrive
restrive: To strive anew.
willying: present participle and gerund of willy
trambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tramble
trambled: simple past and past participle of tramble
unparted: simple past and past participle of unpart
scambled: simple past and past participle of scamble
howl out: To shout or cheer.
entitule: Archaic spelling of entitle.
pin back: To keep at a distance
overveil: To veil or cover.
overveil: To veil or cover too much.
oversail: To figure or variegate.
oversail: To project over (as of a crane over a neighbouring property, which may be a trespass)
startest: second-person singular simple present indicative of start
wou'dn't: Obsolete form of wouldn’t.
cou'dn't: Obsolete form of couldn’t.
enforc't: simple past and past participle of enforce
inforc't: simple past and past participle of inforce
divorc't: simple past and past participle of divorce
advanc't: simple past and past participle of advance
provok't: simple past and past participle of provoke
dislik't: simple past and past participle of dislike
produc't: simple past and past participle of produce
donk bet: To make such a bet.
shou'dst: Obsolete form of shouldst.
forgiv'n: past participle of forgive; obsolete form of forgiven.
emburses: third-person singular simple present indicative of emburse
immingle: To mingle; to mix; to unite; to blend.
frolicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of frolick
embursed: simple past and past participle of emburse
imbarned: simple past and past participle of imbarn
overtoil: To weary (someone or something) excessively; to exhaust or tire out by working too much.
imbaying: present participle and gerund of imbay
dispurse: Obsolete form of disburse.
nomadize: To lead a nomadic life; to wander or roam without a fixed abode (often with domesticated animals.
inhiving: present participle and gerund of inhive
angelify: To make like an angel; to angelize.
inscroll: To write on a scroll; to record.
infeoffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of infeoff
enhunger: To make hungry.
displode: To burst with a loud report; to explode.
displode: To discharge; to explode.
disbench: To drive from a bench or seat.
disbench: To deprive (a bencher) of his privileges.
umbrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of umbrate
bromizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bromize
bromized: simple past and past participle of bromize
umbrated: simple past and past participle of umbrate
encowled: simple past and past participle of encowl
rejourns: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejourn
frabbing: present participle and gerund of frab
hotboxed: simple past and past participle of hotbox
outgiven: past participle of outgive
inshrine: Archaic form of enshrine.
outgives: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgive
drynurse: To feed, attend, and bring up without suckling.
waltered: simple past and past participle of walter
subnects: third-person singular simple present indicative of subnect
gleening: present participle and gerund of gleen
gnasting: present participle and gerund of gnast
dishorse: To dismount from a horse.
dishorse: To unseat from a horse.
enarmour: To clothe with protective coverings.
scituate: Obsolete form of situate.
donnered: simple past and past participle of donner
tubulate: To form into a tube.
tubulate: To furnish with one or more tubes.
armour'd: simple past and past participle of armour
rumour'd: simple past and past participle of rumour
favour'd: simple past and past participle of favour
humour'd: simple past and past participle of humour
enamor'd: simple past and past participle of enamor
inamor'd: simple past and past participle of inamor
inamored: simple past and past participle of inamor
mistunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistune
immuting: present participle and gerund of immute
ensigned: simple past and past participle of ensign
obducted: simple past and past participle of obduct
enclined: simple past and past participle of encline
enclin'd: simple past and past participle of encline
besotten: past participle of besot
permixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of permix
detagged: simple past and past participle of detag
uncharge: To free from a charge or load; to unload or unburden.
uncharge: To free from an accusation; to make no charge against; to acquit.
permixed: simple past and past participle of permix
mailbomb: Alternative form of mail bomb
infumate: To dry by exposing to smoke; to expose to smoke.
bats out: third-person singular simple present indicative of bat out
insculps: third-person singular simple present indicative of insculp
misrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of misrate
unorders: third-person singular simple present indicative of unorder
outlicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlick
mucks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of muck in
imburses: third-person singular simple present indicative of imburse
imbursed: simple past and past participle of imburse
whooting: present participle and gerund of whoot
disserts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dissert
misbears: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbear
misborne: past participle of misbear
arrected: simple past and past participle of arrect
deplants: third-person singular simple present indicative of deplant
serrying: present participle and gerund of serry
whurries: third-person singular simple present indicative of whurry
whurried: simple past and past participle of whurry
embowing: present participle and gerund of embow
sweeting: present participle and gerund of sweet
outswell: To exceed in swelling.
outswell: To swell beyond; to overflow.
reangled: simple past and past participle of reangle
similize: To liken; to compare.
reangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of reangle
monished: simple past and past participle of monish
decerped: simple past and past participle of decerp
monishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of monish
spurgall: To gall or wound with a spur.
agracing: present participle and gerund of agrace
rewaking: present participle and gerund of rewake
outtells: third-person singular simple present indicative of outtell
opacates: third-person singular simple present indicative of opacate
opacated: simple past and past participle of opacate
impenned: simple past and past participle of impen
obsigned: simple past and past participle of obsign
implates: third-person singular simple present indicative of implate
implated: simple past and past participle of implate
brick it: To be scared; to be terrified.
fristing: present participle and gerund of frist
langlauf: To go cross-country skiing.
imbounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbound
reindent: To indent again.
dreuling: present participle and gerund of dreul
infeeble: Archaic form of enfeeble.
foveates: third-person singular simple present indicative of foveate
reinstil: Alternative spelling of reinstill
scarping: present participle and gerund of scarp
demounts: third-person singular simple present indicative of demount
sucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of suck up
recensor: To censor again or anew.
incorpse: To incorporate.
redlight: To deny, reject, or disapprove; to prohibit from proceeding.
redlight: To stop or cancel.
untackle: To unhitch; to unharness.
bushwalk: To undertake an off-road walk in the countryside.
unstings: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsting
inlumine: Obsolete form of illumine.
enlaying: present participle and gerund of enlay
bonified: simple past and past participle of bonify
unstowed: simple past and past participle of unstow
carcoons: third-person singular simple present indicative of carcoon
beglamor: Alternative form of beglamour
atchieve: Obsolete form of achieve.
incysted: simple past and past participle of incyst
injoined: simple past and past participle of injoin
scuddled: simple past and past participle of scuddle
scuddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scuddle
prearmed: simple past and past participle of prearm
lomilomi: To massage.
imbarred: simple past and past participle of imbar
unbaying: present participle and gerund of unbay
growsing: present participle and gerund of growse
sees fit: third-person singular simple present indicative of see fit
nubilate: To cloud.
impaving: present participle and gerund of impave
bedyeing: present participle and gerund of bedye
reasking: present participle and gerund of reask
reclasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclasp
fleaking: present participle and gerund of fleak (synonym of flaking)
fleaking: present participle and gerund of fleak (synonym of flecking)
emmantle: Obsolete form of immantle.
emmantle: Place around as a fortification
faffling: present participle and gerund of faffle
bedunged: simple past and past participle of bedung
fuzzling: present participle and gerund of fuzzle
daggling: present participle and gerund of daggle
unclewed: simple past and past participle of unclew
unbowing: present participle and gerund of unbow
reincurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reincur
emprison: Obsolete form of imprison.
coinhere: To inhere or exist together, as in one substance.
unpaying: present participle and gerund of unpay
imbarked: simple past and past participle of imbark
overhall: Obsolete form of overhaul.
cowpools: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowpool
retroact: To act backward, or in return; to act in opposition; to be retrospective.
enstates: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstate
brandled: simple past and past participle of brandle
brandles: third-person singular simple present indicative of brandle
enstated: simple past and past participle of enstate
outmount: To mount above; to climb higher than.
envassal: To make a vassal of.
fleckers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flecker
restamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of restamp
heroised: simple past and past participle of heroise
heroises: third-person singular simple present indicative of heroise
implieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of imply
impliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of imply
outweary: To weary out.
spleened: simple past and past participle of spleen
untemper: To deprive of temper; to make soft.
bedaggle: To daggle; to soil by dragging over wet ground.
foreshew: Archaic form of foreshow.
devanned: simple past and past participle of devan
besilver: To cover with or as with silver.
cronking: present participle and gerund of cronk
radiotag: Alternative form of radio-tag
offsplit: To split off; secede.
divebomb: To bomb whilst in a steep dive.
divebomb: To attack (especially the head of) a person or animal that strays into their territory.
divebomb: To attempt an overtake by braking very late on corner entry.
divebomb: To overtake slower traffic by way of a more circuitous route, such as a pair of freeway exit and entrance ramps.
overwits: third-person singular simple present indicative of overwit
enracing: present participle and gerund of enrace
obelised: simple past and past participle of obelise
idiotize: To make or become idiot or stupid.
reimbody: Archaic form of reembody.
skrimped: simple past and past participle of skrimp
ingorged: simple past and past participle of ingorge
impoored: simple past and past participle of impoor
ingorges: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingorge
disseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of disseat
impester: To pester.
opalesce: To be opalescent; to give forth a play of colours, like the opal.
cowhided: simple past and past participle of cowhide
envolume: To form into, or incorporate with, a volume.
unmember: To deprive of membership, as for example in a church.
misenter: To enter or insert wrongly.
overfold: To fold excessively.
soothsay: To foretell the future; make predictions.
escarped: simple past and past participle of escarp
mismeter: To give the wrong meter to, as to a line of verse.
ycarried: past participle of carry
empeople: To form into a people or community.
empeople: To fill with people; populate.
overbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of overbow
mistrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistrow
anoiling: present participle and gerund of anoil
inclouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of incloud
incended: simple past and past participle of incend
misavise: To misadvise.
sivering: present participle and gerund of siver
impierce: To pierce; to penetrate.
outrayed: simple past and past participle of outray
inlarded: simple past and past participle of inlard
dishorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dishorn
outnamed: simple past and past participle of outname
outnames: third-person singular simple present indicative of outname
inclasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of inclasp
iambizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of iambize
iambized: simple past and past participle of iambize
tottling: present participle and gerund of tottle
disendow: To deprive of an endowment.
inthrall: Archaic form of enthrall.
meawling: present participle and gerund of meawl
binkying: present participle and gerund of binky
brettice: Alternative form of brattice
outwings: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwing
overrake: To rake over, or sweep across, from end to end, as waves break over a vessel anchored with its head to the sea.
overrake: To rake over or assault, as enemy gunfire attacking the entire force.
overrake: To rake or scrape to excess.
overrake: To rake or scrape over.
overrake: To install with too great a slope or angle.
cutinize: To change into cutin.
misseems: third-person singular simple present indicative of misseem
obtended: simple past and past participle of obtend
volowing: present participle and gerund of volow
impoison: Obsolete form of empoison.
glouring: present participle and gerund of glour
outlearn: To surpass (someone) in learning.
outlearn: To learn (something) completely and thoroughly; to exhaust knowledge of.
impallid: To make pallid; to blanch.
outhired: simple past and past participle of outhire
outhires: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhire
unsinned: simple past and past participle of unsin
enbibing: present participle and gerund of enbibe
everlast: To last always or forever; to continue, endure, or remain.
enstyled: simple past and past participle of enstyle
enstyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstyle
everlive: To live forever; live constantly or continually; remain alive or active.
teamkill: To kill another player on one's own team.
planched: simple past and past participle of planch
imbowing: present participle and gerund of imbow
impalmed: simple past and past participle of impalm
noursles: third-person singular simple present indicative of noursle
noursled: simple past and past participle of noursle
noseling: present participle and gerund of nosel
famulate: To serve.
ignorest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ignore
twanking: present participle and gerund of twank
ignoreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ignore
misvouch: To vouch falsely.
enranked: simple past and past participle of enrank
debarbed: simple past and past participle of debarb
inherses: third-person singular simple present indicative of inherse
inhersed: simple past and past participle of inherse
appaired: simple past and past participle of appair
bemuffle: To muffle up.
unstates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstate
trouling: present participle and gerund of troul
miswears: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswear
mollifie: Archaic form of mollify.
bespurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespurt
crookens: third-person singular simple present indicative of crooken
ostended: simple past and past participle of ostend
unsweats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsweat
pumicate: To make smooth with pumice.
revereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of revere
reverest: second-person singular simple present indicative of revere
talliate: to impose a tax upon
hauncing: present participle and gerund of haunce
depeople: To depopulate.
overdare: To dare too much or rashly; to be too daring.
maudling: present participle and gerund of maudle
uncities: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncity
uncitied: simple past and past participle of uncity
trowling: present participle and gerund of trowl
disroots: third-person singular simple present indicative of disroot
meetened: simple past and past participle of meeten
enarches: third-person singular simple present indicative of enarch
coordain: To ordain or appoint for some purpose along with another.
enmuffle: To muffle up.
emmarble: Alternative form of enmarble
embathed: simple past and past participle of embathe
whimpled: simple past and past participle of whimple
embathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of embathe
whimples: third-person singular simple present indicative of whimple
emballed: simple past and past participle of emball
imbathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbathe
forswart: To blacken; make or become swart or swarthy; sunburn.
funerate: to bury with funeral rites
imbathed: simple past and past participle of imbathe
slow out: To adjust the spacing of intermediate frames so as to smoothly accelerate movement of an object as it leaves a resting position.
becudgel: To cudgel thoroughly or soundly.
bebroyde: To embroider about.
empugned: simple past and past participle of empugn
ingroove: To join in or with a groove.
betawder: To bedizen with tawdry finery.
bethrong: To throng about or among; surround.
bethrong: To crowd around.
betassel: To hang round or decorate with, or as with, tassels.
embruted: simple past and past participle of embrute
embrutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrute
euphuize: To affect excessive refinement in language; to be overnice in expression.
bethatch: To cover with thatch; thatch.
bethatch: To cover with hair.
mislight: To deceive or lead astray with a false light.
mislight: To light improperly.
reprives: third-person singular simple present indicative of reprive
reprived: simple past and past participle of reprive
tags off: third-person singular simple present indicative of tag off
downtrod: to oppress, suppress, exploit, persecute, step down on; put down; denigrate, subjugate
encomber: Obsolete form of encumber.
impregns: third-person singular simple present indicative of impregn
engrasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of engrasp
searcing: present participle and gerund of searce
traunted: simple past and past participle of traunt
outpoise: To outweigh.
imbrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbrown
mispoint: To point improperly; to punctuate wrongly.
discoure: Obsolete form of discover.
despumed: simple past and past participle of despume
thingify: To convert into a thing; to make concrete or tangible.
roughdry: In laundry work, to dry without smoothing or ironing.
frecking: present participle and gerund of freck
insnarls: third-person singular simple present indicative of insnarl
subvenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of subvene
outwound: simple past and past participle of outwind
outwinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwind
subvened: simple past and past participle of subvene
nubbling: present participle and gerund of nubble
jeweling: present participle and gerund of jewel
outscent: To exceed in odour.
dope out: To figure out, to find out, find, decipher
mistrist: Obsolete form of mistrust.
drive at: To mean, signify; to get at, to aim or tend to a point.
drive at: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see drive, at.
naturize: To endow with a nature or qualities; to refer to nature.
impested: simple past and past participle of impest
overcloy: To fill beyond satiety.
overlick: To lick over.
overlick: To lick too much or too often.
inculked: simple past and past participle of inculk
inchases: third-person singular simple present indicative of inchase
laveered: simple past and past participle of laveer
inchased: simple past and past participle of inchase
overbrow: To hang over like a brow; to impend over.
bezzling: present participle and gerund of bezzle
wirbling: present participle and gerund of wirble
outdream: To surpass in dreams or imagination.
outdream: To pass or escape while dreaming.
reillume: To relight; to reilluminate.
angelize: To raise to the state of an angel; to render angelic.
discandy: To melt; to dissolve; to thaw.
entoiled: simple past and past participle of entoil
enmewing: present participle and gerund of enmew
impaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of impaint
disedged: simple past and past participle of disedge
disedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of disedge
antevert: To prevent, to avert.
antevert: To displace by anteversion.
cutesify: To make cutesy.
unbecame: simple past of unbecome
attasted: simple past and past participle of attaste
attastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of attaste
unbecome: To misbecome.
unteamed: simple past and past participle of unteam
reimbark: Archaic form of reembark.
unclutch: To open (something tightly closed).
unclutch: To disengage (a clutch, etc.).
cogovern: To govern with another
uncluing: present participle and gerund of unclue
disships: third-person singular simple present indicative of disship
discinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of discind
discepts: third-person singular simple present indicative of discept
engoring: present participle and gerund of engore
unclings: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncling
ensobers: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensober
enflower: To cover or deck with flowers.
effronts: third-person singular simple present indicative of effront
overskip: To skip or leap over; to treat with indifference.
infilmed: simple past and past participle of infilm
bespirts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespirt
plauding: present participle and gerund of plaud
nustling: present participle and gerund of nustle
overgaze: To gaze; to overlook.
preacted: simple past and past participle of preact
inlisted: simple past and past participle of inlist
scutched: simple past and past participle of scutch
inrailed: simple past and past participle of inrail
defixing: present participle and gerund of defix
insouled: simple past and past participle of insoul
politize: To make political; to politicize.
politize: To play the politician; to dispute as politicians do.
undecide: To reverse or recant (a previous decision).
secureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of secure
infiling: present participle and gerund of infile
encanker: To canker.
etherize: To convert into ether.
etherize: To render insensible by means of ether, as by inhalation.
toothing: present participle and gerund of tooth
overtrip: To trip over nimbly.
enmarble: To turn to marble; to make as hard as marble; to harden.
solecize: To commit a solecism.
lifening: present participle and gerund of lifen
renerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of renerve
renerved: simple past and past participle of renerve
dishaunt: To leave or depart from; to cease to haunt.
decurted: simple past and past participle of decurt
potashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of potash
exacuate: To whet or sharpen.
innodate: To bind up, as in a knot; to include.
mistided: simple past and past participle of mistide
mistides: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistide
adhorted: simple past and past participle of adhort
coldwork: To eliminate flaws and rough or sharp areas on blown or cast glass objects by some combination of grinding and polishing.
mislists: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislist
extirped: simple past and past participle of extirp
emboiled: simple past and past participle of emboil
beluting: present participle and gerund of belute
entuning: present participle and gerund of entune
betumble: To tumble (about); throw into disorder or disarrange the parts of.
mesprise: Obsolete form of misprize.
misseeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of misseek
oversows: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversow
oversown: past participle of oversow
snetting: present participle and gerund of snet
injoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of injoint
emmoving: present participle and gerund of emmove
pectized: simple past and past participle of pectize
dartling: present participle and gerund of dartle
stroying: present participle and gerund of stroy
emblanch: To whiten.
misframe: To frame wrongly.
pectizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pectize
dephlegm: To rid of phlegm or water; to dephlegmate.
slummock: To behave lazily or indolently
slummock: To behave awkwardly or clumsily
jingoize: To make excessively patriotic.
prehends: third-person singular simple present indicative of prehend
detonize: To explode, or cause to explode; to burn with an explosion; to detonate.
enfiring: present participle and gerund of enfire
intertex: To intertwine; to weave or bind together.
ybounden: past participle of bind.
indamage: Alternative form of endamage
engraffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of engraff
unseeled: simple past and past participle of unseel
sleaving: present participle and gerund of sleave
beguyled: simple past and past participle of beguyle
papalize: To make papal; to introduce papal authority or Roman customs.
papalize: To conform to popery.
enranges: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrange
enranged: simple past and past participle of enrange
divinify: To render divine; to deify.
enmuring: present participle and gerund of enmure
relumine: To light or illuminate anew; to rekindle.
tutorize: To teach; to instruct.
intorted: simple past and past participle of intort
disclame: Obsolete spelling of disclaim
dispands: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispand
excreate: To spit out; to discharge from the throat by hawking and spitting.
wrastles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrastle
wrastled: simple past and past participle of wrastle
undevils: third-person singular simple present indicative of undevil
fabulize: To compose or relate fables or fictions; to give a false account of.
fabulize: To make fabulous, improve.
infamize: To make infamous; to defame or smear.
omnifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of omnify
omnified: simple past and past participle of omnify
unbreech: To remove the breeches of; to divest or strip of breeches.
unbreech: To free the breech of (a cannon etc.) from its fastenings or coverings.
outstart: To start out or up.
scerning: present participle and gerund of scern
scerning: present participle and gerund of scerne
invigors: third-person singular simple present indicative of invigor
embushed: simple past and past participle of embush
embushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of embush
breeched: simple past and past participle of breech
finified: simple past and past participle of finify
finifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of finify
crutched: simple past and past participle of crutch
defailed: simple past and past participle of defail
begilded: simple past and past participle of begild
hemisect: To divide along the mesial plane.
intuning: present participle and gerund of intune
heapsort: To sort with such an algorithm.
undeafen: To free from deafness; to restore hearing to.
debitter: To remove the bitterness from.
wheelied: simple past and past participle of wheelie
overpart: To give too important or difficult a part to.
uncastle: To take a castle from; to remove from of a castle.
enhorted: simple past and past participle of enhort
disdeify: To divest or deprive of deity or of a deific rank or condition.
maisters: third-person singular simple present indicative of maister
envigors: third-person singular simple present indicative of envigor
devasted: simple past and past participle of devast
stirrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stir
endazzle: To dazzle.
diswonts: third-person singular simple present indicative of diswont
enseeled: simple past and past participle of enseel
unchills: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchill
canulate: Alternative form of cannulate
escribed: simple past and past participle of escribe
surcloys: third-person singular simple present indicative of surcloy
grindeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grind
grindest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grind
unwonder: To divest of wonder or mystery, as by interpreting or explaining.
begnawed: simple past and past participle of begnaw
make due: Eggcorn of make do.
reestate: To reestablish.
aggested: simple past and past participle of aggest
deturned: simple past and past participle of deturn
unclinch: Alternative form of unclench
enmilden: Render lenient or less severe.
haffling: present participle and gerund of haffle
irrugate: To wrinkle.
lenified: simple past and past participle of lenify
lenifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of lenify
viciates: third-person singular simple present indicative of viciate
viciated: simple past and past participle of viciate
unnestle: To eject from a nest, unnest.
unlaughs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlaugh
pregaged: simple past and past participle of pregage
pregages: third-person singular simple present indicative of pregage
misraise: To raise or excite unreasonably.
reverify: To verify again.
eddering: present participle and gerund of edder
tonicize: To make (a tone) temporarily become tonic.
tonicize: To produce tone or tension in (e.g. a muscle).
enweaken: To weaken.
prelects: third-person singular simple present indicative of prelect
outshuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outshut
'sdained: simple past and past participle of 'sdain
train up: To train or educate.
stomp on: to severely defeat.
stomp on: to severely mistreat
price in: To include (the costs of a possible future event, especially a negative one) in an estimation of the total value of something.
devested: simple past and past participle of devest
dispairs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispair
overslid: simple past and past participle of overslide
heddling: present participle and gerund of heddle
roughhew: Alternative form of rough-hew
elancing: present participle and gerund of elance
prescale: To scale in advance.
unsteels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsteel
inodiate: To make odious or hateful.
strowled: simple past and past participle of strowl
deboshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of debosh
recumbed: simple past and past participle of recumb
enkennel: To put into a kennel.
nuddling: present participle and gerund of nuddle
deboshed: simple past and past participle of debosh.
disprize: To depreciate.
recrawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of recrawl
reupdate: To update again.
chi-iked: simple past and past participle of chi-ike
overslip: To slip or slide over; to pass easily or carelessly beyond.
overslip: To omit or neglect.
sejoined: simple past and past participle of sejoin
deballed: simple past and past participle of deball
enactest: second-person singular simple present indicative of enact
gaybaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaybait
duskened: simple past and past participle of dusken
assecure: To make safe or sure; to assure.
effunded: simple past and past participle of effund
dislimns: third-person singular simple present indicative of dislimn
overbulk: To be more bulky than; to tower over.
overbulk: To make bulky
regredes: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrede
enpierce: To pierce.
regreded: simple past and past participle of regrede
enlimned: simple past and past participle of enlimn
unseason: To make unseasoned; to deprive of seasoning.
unseason: To strike unseasonably; to affect disagreeably or unfavorably.
scoating: present participle and gerund of scoat
disgaged: simple past and past participle of disgage
disgages: third-person singular simple present indicative of disgage
hainting: present participle and gerund of haint
enveigle: Archaic form of inveigle.
premerit: To merit or deserve beforehand.
unbodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbody
offboard: To alight, especially from public transit or an aircraft.
disvelop: Obsolete form of develop.
devowing: present participle and gerund of devow
giantize: To make giant or gigantic; to increase to huge proportions.
preelect: To elect beforehand; forechoose.
stroamed: simple past and past participle of stroam
finedrew: simple past of finedraw
disposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispost
diswarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of diswarn
finedraw: To sew up so finely that the seam is not visible; to renter.
despread: To recombine radio signals that have been spread or distributed.
despread: Alternative form of dispread
afflated: simple past and past participle of afflate
exserted: simple past and past participle of exsert
ladified: simple past and past participle of ladify
ladifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ladify
disbinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbind
dispunct: expunged
despends: third-person singular simple present indicative of despend
neveling: present participle and gerund of nevel
thurling: present participle and gerund of thurl
forboden: past participle of forbid
inescate: To allure; to lay a bait for.
strap on: To don a strap-on.
enpatron: To act the part of a patron towards; to patronize.
intailed: simple past and past participle of intail
reaccess: To access again.
enchisel: To cut with a chisel.
choaking: present participle and gerund of choak
outpeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpeer
empawned: simple past and past participle of empawn
distream: To flow.
harraged: simple past and past participle of harrage
detrects: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrect
harrages: third-person singular simple present indicative of harrage
chantest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chant
chanteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chant
excocted: simple past and past participle of excoct
exolving: present participle and gerund of exolve
allected: simple past and past participle of allect
exiccate: Obsolete form of exsiccate.
concasse: Alternative form of concassé
flidging: present participle and gerund of flidge
concassé: To roughly chop or cut (a tomato) into pieces after removing its seeds/core and skin.
Edenizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Edenize
Edenized: simple past and past participle of Edenize
inflexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of inflex
impeople: Obsolete form of empeople.
infounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of infound
emplunge: Alternative form of implunge
excursed: simple past and past participle of excurse
excurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of excurse
Atticize: To side with the Athenians.
Atticize: To use the Attic idiom or style; to conform to the customs or modes of thought of the Athenians.
inwalled: simple past and past participle of inwall
enwalled: simple past and past participle of enwall
extructs: third-person singular simple present indicative of extruct
merchand: To trade; to traffic.
clingeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cling
inlacing: present participle and gerund of inlace
clingest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cling
unspirit: To lower the spirits of; to dispirit.
shrinked: simple past and past participle of shrink
crackest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crack
outscout: To surpass in scouting, or reconnaissance.
outscout: To overpower by disdain; to outface.
disheirs: third-person singular simple present indicative of disheir
sembling: present participle and gerund of semble
brushest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brush
avoideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of avoid
breakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of break
speedest: second-person singular simple present indicative of speed
avoidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of avoid
brusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brush
reinfund: To flow in anew.
steening: present participle and gerund of steen
force in: To make something larger fit in a smaller or tight place with brute force
obtemper: To obey (a judgement or decree).
godcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of godcast
coadjust: To adjust by mutual adaptations.
Godcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of Godcast
huxtered: simple past and past participle of huxter
cicurate: To tame, domesticate.
disroofs: third-person singular simple present indicative of disroof
motiving: present participle and gerund of motive
grecizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of grecize
grecized: simple past and past participle of grecize
rugining: present participle and gerund of rugine
sdeigned: simple past and past participle of sdeign
flawters: third-person singular simple present indicative of flawter
esloined: simple past and past participle of esloin
dousting: present participle and gerund of doust
disfancy: To dislike.
embasing: present participle and gerund of embase
deplumed: simple past and past participle of deplume
embaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of embase
deplumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deplume
enrheums: third-person singular simple present indicative of enrheum
intrench: Archaic form of entrench.
tremping: present participle and gerund of tremp
tranqing: present participle and gerund of tranq
splining: present participle and gerund of spline
mislives: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislive
mislived: simple past and past participle of mislive
coagment: To join together.
thracked: simple past and past participle of thrack
dentized: simple past and past participle of dentize
dentizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dentize
encharge: To give to somebody as a charge; to entrust with a duty or task.
spuilzie: Alternative form of spulzie
overpost: To post too much or too often.
overpost: To pass over swiftly, as if by post.
overpost: To print a text label or other graphic feature on top of another symbol.
overpost: To place a poster so that it covers all or part of another poster.
overpost: To breach security by overwriting data that is not intended for user input.
shuttest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shut
slushing: present participle and gerund of slush
subaided: simple past and past participle of subaid
sculping: present participle and gerund of sculp
estreats: third-person singular simple present indicative of estreat
retunded: simple past and past participle of retund
rehosted: simple past and past participle of rehost
dig into: To research a particular subject.
dig into: To begin eating heartily.
readepts: third-person singular simple present indicative of readept
cheruped: simple past and past participle of cherup
atspring: To spring forth; emerge; spring into existence; originate.
genappes: third-person singular simple present indicative of genappe
laconize: To imitate the manner of the Laconians, especially in brief, pithy speech, or in frugality and austerity.
infilter: To filter or sift in.
man down: To lose courage or cause to lose courage.
man down: To reduce in manpower.
man down: To train (a raptor or other type of bird) to become accustomed to the presence of people; to man.
dismarry: To free from the bonds of marriage; to divorce.
surrebut: To reply, as a plaintiff to a defendant's rebutter.
phonated: simple past and past participle of phonate
phonates: third-person singular simple present indicative of phonate
reshifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshift
ganching: present participle and gerund of ganch
enmoving: present participle and gerund of enmove
enhearse: To place into, or as if into, a hearse or coffin.
disseize: To deprive of seizin or possession; to dispossess or oust wrongfully (one in freehold possession of land).
remorted: simple past and past participle of remort
monested: simple past and past participle of monest
squawled: simple past and past participle of squawl
proccing: present participle and gerund of proc
strouted: simple past and past participle of strout
egotizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of egotize
egotized: simple past and past participle of egotize
slubbing: present participle and gerund of slub
disbarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbark
clotters: third-person singular simple present indicative of clotter
exundate: To overflow; to inundate.
bowssens: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowssen
coalited: simple past and past participle of coalite
coalites: third-person singular simple present indicative of coalite
unswells: third-person singular simple present indicative of unswell
disposit: To deposit.
disposit: To be located in the house of the sign ruled by the planet. For example, when a planet is in the house Gemini, it disposits Mercury because Mercury is the ruling sign of Gemini.
deflowed: simple past and past participle of deflow
ribroast: To beat soundly.
misstays: third-person singular simple present indicative of misstay
disbends: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbend
incasked: simple past and past participle of incask
glauming: present participle and gerund of glaum
plyghted: simple past and past participle of plyght
ungroups: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungroup
degroups: third-person singular simple present indicative of degroup
miscomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscome
emparked: simple past and past participle of empark
dismarch: To march away.
ingraffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingraff
bauchles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bauchle
courbing: present participle and gerund of courb
jacks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of jack up
bauchled: simple past and past participle of bauchle
wildered: simple past and past participle of wilder
wimpling: present participle and gerund of wimple
besleeve: To take the sleeves from (a bishop).
foresend: To send before; send beforehand.
Tylerize: To abandon the political party to which political office is owed, as United States President John Tyler did during his term of office (1841-45), to defect to another party or political position while in office, to commit political apostasy.
begodded: simple past and past participle of begod
insensed: simple past and past participle of insense
insenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of insense
intercur: To intervene; to come or occur in the meantime.
allooing: present participle and gerund of alloo
clampers: third-person singular simple present indicative of clamper
sanguify: To produce blood (from).
serve up: To present (food or drink) to those who will consume it; to serve.
serve up: To provide; deliver.
serve up: To pitch, throw, serve, or kick a ball to an opponent so that it is easily hit or intercepted.
shugging: present participle and gerund of shug
becurled: simple past and past participle of becurl
bestream: To stream around, about, or all over; flood.
bestream: To flow in a stream; stream down.
bestream: To drench; mark by streams of.
bestream: To cover or be covered in; adorn; wear.
dechunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dechunk
teathing: present participle and gerund of teathe
codirect: To direct (an artistic work) with another person.
scornest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scorn
strivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of strive
becharms: third-person singular simple present indicative of becharm
breedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of breed
rechurns: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechurn
tindered: simple past and past participle of tinder
bejuggle: To confuse; to confound.
counites: third-person singular simple present indicative of counite
counited: simple past and past participle of counite
disponge: To sprinkle, as with water from a sponge.
chirming: present participle and gerund of chirm
soberize: To make sober.
enhoneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhoney
overlash: To physically tie additional wires or cables to those that are already attached to a utility pole, accommodating any additional strands of fiber or coaxial cable on existing pole attachments
overlash: To drive on rashly; to go to excess.
overlash: To exaggerate; to boast.
crimpled: simple past and past participle of crimple
elixates: third-person singular simple present indicative of elixate
elixated: simple past and past participle of elixate
shaffled: simple past and past participle of shaffle
shaffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shaffle
ensearch: To search; to try to find something.
ensearch: To search for; to seek.
prieving: present participle and gerund of prieve
peracted: simple past and past participle of peract
rerooted: simple past and past participle of reroot
buttweld: To weld by gradually heating the two ends with a weld plate and then joining them under a specific pressure, used to connect parts which are nearly parallel and do not overlap.
gauffers: third-person singular simple present indicative of gauffer
insearch: Alternative form of ensearch
disenter: Obsolete form of disinter.
defouled: simple past and past participle of defoul
clooming: present participle and gerund of cloom
majorate: To augment; to increase.
behallow: To make holy; consecrate; sanctify; hallow completely.
disedify: To fail in edifying; to injure or scandalize.
outtaken: past participle of outtake
discompt: To discount.
crudling: present participle and gerund of crudle
protends: third-person singular simple present indicative of protend
comptrol: Archaic form of control.
scroddle: To mottle (pottery) with scraps of differently coloured clays.
inaugurs: third-person singular simple present indicative of inaugur
hoodooed: simple past and past participle of hoodoo
ballarag: To bully; to threaten.
insolate: To dry in, or expose to, the sun's rays; to ripen or prepare by such exposure.
overwing: To outflank.
infarced: simple past and past participle of infarce
beshadow: To cast a shadow around, about, or over; overshadow.
domified: simple past and past participle of domify
backsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of backset
gainstay: To stand against or in opposition to; resist; oppose.
gainstay: To deny (the right to); deprive (of).
endenize: Alternative form of endenizen
misboden: past participle of misbede
misbedes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbede
harshens: third-person singular simple present indicative of harshen
begowked: simple past and past participle of begowk
outframe: To frame better than another; exceed or surpass in framing.
withsave: To assure.
withsave: To vouchsafe; deign.
debrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of debrain
persever: Obsolete form of persevere.
withsake: To forsake; abandon; renounce; deny; refuse.
smerking: present participle and gerund of smerk
withtake: To rebuke; reprimand.
withtake: To withhold; retain.
withtake: To receive; accept or withstand; (often reflexive) To take along; take with.
forelike: To like beforehand; be prepossessed in favour of; be predisposed to like.
withcall: To call back or call away (from); recall; withdraw one's words; retract; recant; unsay; cancel; call off.
forthled: simple past and past participle of forthlead
forspoke: simple past of forspeak
forthput: To put forth; propose; bring forth; produce.
assevers: third-person singular simple present indicative of assever
excerped: simple past and past participle of excerp
broggled: simple past and past participle of broggle
broggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of broggle
thizzing: present participle and gerund of thizz
decocked: simple past and past participle of decock
instyled: simple past and past participle of instyle
instyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of instyle
pinkwash: To cover in a coat of pink paint.
pinkwash: To promote consumer goods and services using support of breast cancer-related charities.
pinkwash: To tout the gay-friendliness of something in an attempt to downplay or soften aspects of it considered negative.
unharbor: Alternative form of unharbour
Egyptize: To give an Egyptian character or appearance to.
rescowed: simple past and past participle of rescowe
rescowes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescowe
estuated: simple past and past participle of estuate
estuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of estuate
thwittle: To cut or whittle.
desposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of despose
dispeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispeed
skreened: simple past and past participle of skreen
defoamed: simple past and past participle of defoam
stoccade: Archaic form of stockade.
uudecode: To decode (previously uuencoded data) back into its original binary form.
disturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of disturn
glavered: simple past and past participle of glaver
feceates: third-person singular simple present indicative of feceate
feceated: simple past and past participle of feceate
enfreeze: To freeze; to congeal.
enfrozen: past participle of enfreeze
slatters: third-person singular simple present indicative of slatter
prevenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prevene
prevened: simple past and past participle of prevene
morriced: simple past and past participle of morrice
dishable: Obsolete form of disable.
dishable: To disparage.
capacify: To qualify.
hepatize: To impregnate with sulphureted hydrogen gas (formerly called hepatic gas).
hepatize: To gorge with effused matter, as the lungs.
hepatize: To convert into a substance resembling liver.
recocted: simple past and past participle of recoct
unreaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of unreave
newmould: To mould or form anew; remould.
rampired: simple past and past participle of rampire
peenging: present participle and gerund of peenge
outacted: simple past and past participle of outact
pretexed: simple past and past participle of pretex
pretexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretex
may well: May indeed.
squinies: third-person singular simple present indicative of squiny
endossed: simple past and past participle of endoss
squinied: simple past and past participle of squiny
daredn't: Contraction of dared not.
bookkept: simple past and past participle of bookkeep
impasted: simple past and past participle of impaste
impastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of impaste
comingle: Alternative spelling of commingle
dandyize: To make, or to act, like a dandy; to dandify.
renovels: third-person singular simple present indicative of renovel
belammed: simple past and past participle of belam
medlying: present participle and gerund of medly
excecate: To blind.
stoaking: present participle and gerund of stoak
renaying: present participle and gerund of renay
discoast: To depart; to quit the coast (that is, the side or border) of anything; to be separated.
ruddying: present participle and gerund of ruddy
innerved: simple past and past participle of innerve
innerves: third-person singular simple present indicative of innerve
waiments: third-person singular simple present indicative of waiment
Zuluizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zuluize
Zuluized: simple past and past participle of Zuluize
spirtles: third-person singular simple present indicative of spirtle
spirtled: simple past and past participle of spirtle
thridden: past participle of thread
napooing: present participle and gerund of napoo
top-rope: To belay from a fixed anchor point above the climber.
survises: third-person singular simple present indicative of survise
survised: simple past and past participle of survise
all-hail: To salute; to greet.
proguing: present participle and gerund of progue
unrounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unround
sploshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of splosh
cohibits: third-person singular simple present indicative of cohibit
forsteal: To steal away, rob, deprive.
forspill: To destroy; ruin; lose.
forsling: To swallow down; gobble up.
forsweal: To burn up.
nerd out: To study intensely, swot
nerd out: To do nerdy things; to geek out.
monoskis: present of monoski
disrayed: simple past and past participle of disray
prelimit: To limit in advance.
sjambock: Alternative form of sjambok
encolour: To colour.
paynized: simple past and past participle of paynize
paynizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of paynize
sprugged: simple past and past participle of sprug
depieces: third-person singular simple present indicative of depiece
depieced: simple past and past participle of depiece
spiff up: To decorate or otherwise make more attractive.
inserves: third-person singular simple present indicative of inserve
inserved: simple past and past participle of inserve
ignifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of ignify
piqueers: third-person singular simple present indicative of piqueer
ignified: simple past and past participle of ignify
evacates: third-person singular simple present indicative of evacate
evacated: simple past and past participle of evacate
strowing: present participle and gerund of strow
tanalize: To treat with Tanalith (chromated copper arsenate), a wood preservative.
skitting: present participle and gerund of skit
tetanize: To throw (a muscle etc.) into a state of permanent contraction; to cause tetanus in.
sirenize: To use the enticements of a siren; to fascinate.
Zionized: past participle of Zionize
deduping: present participle and gerund of dedupe
haulsing: present participle and gerund of haulse
Zionizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zionize
hardboil: Alternative form of hard-boil
reposits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reposit
sororize: To associate, or hold fellowship, as sisters; to have sisterly feelings.
inarched: simple past and past participle of inarch
cojoined: simple past and past participle of cojoin
inarches: third-person singular simple present indicative of inarch
bullirag: To intimidate by bullying; to rally contemptuously; to badger.
cockbill: To tilt up one end of, so as to make almost vertical.
cockbill: To suspend (the anchor) from the cathead preparatory to letting it go.
arefying: present participle and gerund of arefy
wakenest: second-person singular simple present indicative of waken
chinsing: present participle and gerund of chinse
childing: present participle and gerund of child
promerit: To oblige; to confer a favour on.
promerit: To deserve; to procure by merit.
nadiring: present participle and gerund of nadir
cruddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cruddle
curdleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of curdle
cruddled: simple past and past participle of cruddle
subtrude: To place under; to insert.
teaseled: simple past and past participle of teasel
perfixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of perfix
prefills: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefill
perfixed: simple past and past participle of perfix
mansworn: past participle of manswear
manswore: simple past of manswear
manswear: To swear falsely; perjure oneself.
scomfish: To suffocate or stifle; to smother.
scomfish: To be suffocated or stifled.
extilled: simple past and past participle of extill
whammels: third-person singular simple present indicative of whammel
squabash: To crush; to quash; to squash.
stiltify: To raise upon stilts, or as if upon stilts.
confeder: To confederate.
imbruted: simple past and past participle of imbrute
swaiping: present participle and gerund of swaip
croodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of croodle
croodled: simple past and past participle of croodle
reclused: simple past and past participle of recluse
disguize: Obsolete form of disguise.
promulge: To promulgate; to publish or teach.
thicking: present participle and gerund of thick
unflares: third-person singular simple present indicative of unflare
womaning: present participle and gerund of woman
inflowed: simple past and past participle of inflow
warfared: simple past and past participle of warfare
clarting: present participle and gerund of clart
inweaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of inweave
bemirror: To image or show as in a mirror.
undermix: To not mix enough; fail to mix adequately or thoroughly.
overwait: To wait for an excessive amount of time; wait beyond the time allowed or expected; wait too long.
beshield: To shield around or about; protect; defend.
beshield: To provide or outfit with a shield.
bewallow: To wallow around or about; wallow all over.
pig dogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of pig dog
bewelter: To welter all over; besmear by weltering.
bebanged: simple past and past participle of bebang
tweeping: present participle and gerund of tweep
forleave: To depart from (someone); leave (someone) behind; abandon; forsake; desert; give up; relinquish.
withbear: To carry or bear (something) away.
withbear: To bring or gather in, as of crops; bring together.
withbear: To bear with; endure.
forburst: To burst asunder; break; shatter.
forjudge: To exclude, oust, or dispossess by a judgment; prohibit (from).
forjudge: To condemn judicially (to a penalty).
forcurse: To curse utterly or completely; place under a heavy curse.
besorrow: To sorrow about or over; care about; fill with care or sorrow; make sad.
homaging: present participle and gerund of homage
melanize: To convert into melanin, or to deposit melanin in.
reairing: present participle and gerund of reair
enclaved: simple past and past participle of enclave
venoming: present participle and gerund of venom
begauded: simple past and past participle of begaud
niggered: simple past and past participle of nigger
molarize: To evolve or develop into molar teeth.
molarize: To chew, especially with the molar teeth.
molarize: To create a molar solution of.
molarize: To incorporate or subsume (something) in its entirety.
outfoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfoot
line fed: simple past and past participle of line feed
reinvite: To invite again.
onlapped: simple past and past participle of onlap
forguilt: To bring into a state of guilt; make guilty.
forguilt: To forfeit by guilty conduct; bring into by guilt.
forguilt: To be guilty.
inseamed: simple past and past participle of inseam
rawhided: simple past and past participle of rawhide
tweaging: present participle and gerund of tweag
silkened: simple past and past participle of silken
tumulted: simple past and past participle of tumult
ornating: present participle and gerund of ornate
lorrying: present participle and gerund of lorry
re-fused: simple past and past participle of re-fuse
truthing: present participle and gerund of truth
discerps: third-person singular simple present indicative of discerp
specking: present participle and gerund of speck
captived: simple past and past participle of captive
girthing: present participle and gerund of girth
fulmined: simple past and past participle of fulmine
serening: present participle and gerund of serene
decupled: simple past and past participle of decuple
parabled: simple past and past participle of parable
inroaded: simple past and past participle of inroad
rapining: present participle and gerund of rapine
whippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of whip
stranged: simple past and past participle of strange
medising: present participle and gerund of medise
feruling: present participle and gerund of ferule
Medizing: present participle and gerund of Medize
medizing: present participle and gerund of medize
Medising: present participle and gerund of Medise
stranges: third-person singular simple present indicative of strange
potching: present participle and gerund of potch
veejayed: simple past and past participle of veejay
webizing: present participle and gerund of webize
unaccent: Not to accent, or to remove the accent from.
unstress: Not to stress, or to remove the stress from.
unaccept: To rescind one's acceptance of.
vidphone: To call on the vidphone.
freeride: To take part in a sport, such as skiing or snowboarding, on natural terrain and without set goals or rules.
freeride: Alternative form of free ride (“to take advantage of a benefit without contributing”)
hyphened: simple past and past participle of hyphen
hackling: present participle and gerund of hackle
ambering: present participle and gerund of amber
re-fuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-fuse
hot-tubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hot-tub
outcrack: To outbrag; surpass in boasting.
outcrack: To surpass in cracking (a joke, a whip, etc.).
outcrack: To surpass in cracking (security systems etc.).
forelead: To lead forth; lead forward; lead before.
konk out: Alternative form of conk out
buff out: To remove paint or light scratches from the surface by friction, wearing it out by polishing or blasting with sand or by employing some similar method.
buff out: to bring something to proper shape by removing or masking minor defects, by straightening out the residual shortcomings.
abjoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of abjoint
huzzaing: present participle and gerund of huzza
uprolled: simple past and past participle of uproll
fevering: present participle and gerund of fever
misusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of misuse
fevereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fever
misuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of misuse
delapsed: simple past and past participle of delapse
inrushed: simple past and past participle of inrush
reposest: second-person singular simple present indicative of repose
miscited: simple past and past participle of miscite
miscites: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscite
swording: present participle and gerund of sword
tissuing: present participle and gerund of tissue
marlined: simple past and past participle of marline
cooeying: present participle and gerund of cooey
hickuped: simple past and past participle of hickup
gullying: present participle and gerund of gully
tallowed: simple past and past participle of tallow
unbreeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbreed
postdict: To estimate or suppose something which took place in past; to conjecture something that occurred beforehand.
stick by: to follow or adhere to somebody or something, to remain loyal and unswerving in one's attitude towards somebody or something
forfight: To defend.
forfight: To exhaust or overfatigue (oneself) with fighting.
fiancing: present participle and gerund of fiance
tranking: present participle and gerund of trank
demulced: simple past and past participle of demulce
vampered: simple past and past participle of vamper
anthemed: simple past and past participle of anthem
forsloth: To lose, miss, neglect, spoil, or waste through sloth.
forsmite: To smite in pieces; strike down.
forsleep: To be overcome with sleep.
forsleep: To neglect through sleep or by sleeping; sleep through; oversleep; sleep off.
infanted: simple past and past participle of infant
revinced: simple past and past participle of revince
hacks it: third-person singular simple present indicative of hack it
red dogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of red dog
belitter: To strew with litter (for the floor).
belitter: To bestrew with rubbish or things in disorder.
belitter: To bring forth a litter; have young; litter.
forteach: To unteach; contradict; misteach.
enhabits: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhabit
favorize: To favor especially or unduly.
turf out: To remove or eject from a place.
check up: To verify through brief investigation or revisit for assurance that there are no problems.
check up: To verify something's accuracy.
check up: To seem correct or plausible; to comport with known facts; to check out (with other facts).
restumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of restump
sawn off: past participle of saw off
bravoing: present participle and gerund of bravo
unmoulds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmould
attinged: simple past and past participle of attinge
caudling: present participle and gerund of caudle
gobsmack: To astonish, to render temporarily stuck for words.
bambooed: simple past and past participle of bamboo
fullered: simple past and past participle of fuller
cottered: simple past and past participle of cotter
foreruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of forerun
Frisbeed: simple past and past participle of Frisbee
priested: simple past and past participle of priest
avolated: simple past and past participle of avolate
sensated: simple past and past participle of sensate
sensates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sensate
leveeing: present participle and gerund of levee
breaming: present participle and gerund of bream
co-hosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-host
scraffle: To scramble or struggle; to wrangle.
scraffle: To be industrious.
liquated: simple past and past participle of liquate
truanted: simple past and past participle of truant
dittying: present participle and gerund of ditty
engluing: present participle and gerund of englue
metagame: Of a roleplayer, to make use of knowledge while roleplaying that they learned out of character, which their character does not know; often considered a form of cheating.
derisked: simple past and past participle of derisk
tweedled: simple past and past participle of tweedle
penanced: simple past and past participle of penance
rake out: To clean by removing material with a rake.
rake out: To fly too far and wide from its master while hovering above waiting till the game is sprung.
claymate: To animate by using stop-motion photography and pieces made out of a moldable substance, typically Plasticine clay.
feltered: simple past and past participle of felter
templing: present participle and gerund of temple
honested: simple past and past participle of honest
impulsed: simple past and past participle of impulse
inlawing: present participle and gerund of inlaw
renicing: present participle and gerund of renice
renigged: simple past and past participle of renig
stainest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stain
condited: simple past and past participle of condite
prelated: simple past and past participle of prelate
hutching: present participle and gerund of hutch
f-worded: simple past and past participle of f-word
outyield: To exceed or surpass in yielding.
rehewing: present participle and gerund of rehew
subfixed: simple past and past participle of subfix
superfix: To add one or more letters or sounds to the top of a word to change the word's meaning.
subfixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of subfix
lechered: simple past and past participle of lecher
razeeing: present participle and gerund of razee
ventused: simple past and past participle of ventuse
fescuing: present participle and gerund of fescue
epistled: simple past and past participle of epistle
marinize: to adapt for marine environments
lay odds: To offer a bet in which one stands more to lose than the opponent; or a bet in some other way favourable to the opponent.
lay odds: To feel certain about something.
begather: To gather about; gather round; assemble.
unmitred: simple past and past participle of unmitre
unmitres: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmitre
unwomans: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwoman
storying: present participle and gerund of story
landlock: To enclose or nearly enclose (a harbour, vessel, etc.) with land.
fetching: present participle and gerund of fetch
shawling: present participle and gerund of shawl
unrhymes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unrhyme
pulleyed: simple past and past participle of pulley
grey out: Alternative spelling of gray out
sinching: present participle and gerund of sinch
gray out: To make (a visual element) gray or lighter in color to indicate that it is disabled or unavailable.
nutcrack: To crack nuts for food.
tributed: simple past and past participle of tribute
shooking: present participle and gerund of shook
engroove: To fit into a groove; to channel
repleted: simple past and past participle of replete
provined: simple past and past participle of provine
wafering: present participle and gerund of wafer
creepest: second-person singular simple present indicative of creep
scappled: simple past and past participle of scapple
scapples: third-person singular simple present indicative of scapple
tettered: simple past and past participle of tetter
warezing: present participle and gerund of warez
graffing: present participle and gerund of graff
thwiting: present participle and gerund of thwite
bewander: To wander around or about; roam.
besoothe: To soothe about or all over; comfort.
velarise: Alternative form of velarize
bescorch: To scorch about, around, or all over; scorch completely.
denizing: present participle and gerund of denize
forelaid: simple past and past participle of forelay
potioned: simple past and past participle of potion
deflours: third-person singular simple present indicative of deflour
muckered: simple past and past participle of mucker
chowters: third-person singular simple present indicative of chowter
transcur: To run or rove to and fro.
misbegot: simple past of misbeget
spooming: present participle and gerund of spoom
execting: present participle and gerund of exect
shrooded: simple past and past participle of shrood
coyoting: present participle and gerund of coyote
skringes: third-person singular simple present indicative of skringe
skringed: simple past and past participle of skringe
statuing: present participle and gerund of statue
braizing: present participle and gerund of braize
rewetten: Wetten again.
bosoming: present participle and gerund of bosom
soups up: third-person singular simple present indicative of soup up
luge-ing: present participle and gerund of luge
forsench: To submerge; cause to sink; drown.
forscald: To scald completely; scorch.
variated: simple past and past participle of variate
imponing: present participle and gerund of impone
jettying: present participle and gerund of jetty
otherize: To make or regard (a person, social group, etc.) as alien or different.
soluting: present participle and gerund of solute
affusing: present participle and gerund of affuse
prenoted: simple past and past participle of prenote
lappeted: simple past and past participle of lappet
embaling: present participle and gerund of embale
prenotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prenote
plonging: present participle and gerund of plonge
reattune: To attune again or anew.
virilise: Alternative form of virilize
brisking: present participle and gerund of brisk
stithies: third-person singular simple present indicative of stithy
retables: third-person singular simple present indicative of retable
segueway: Misspelling of segue.
scunging: present participle and gerund of scunge
rejoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejoint
chousing: present participle and gerund of chouse
shrewing: present participle and gerund of shrew
bittered: simple past and past participle of bitter
Romanize: Alternative form of romanize.
Romanize: To Romanianize.
pleaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of pleach
pleached: simple past and past participle of pleach
studders: third-person singular simple present indicative of studder
greaving: present participle and gerund of greave
smutting: present participle and gerund of smut
skurried: simple past and past participle of skurry
forworth: To perish, forfare; come to nought or ruin; go wrong.
forworth: To degenerate (into); become (something inferior); come to.
sermoned: simple past and past participle of sermon
spatiate: To rove; to ramble.
replumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of replumb
alegging: present participle and gerund of alegge
branking: present participle and gerund of brank
basseted: simple past and past participle of basset
pomatums: third-person singular simple present indicative of pomatum
taboring: present participle and gerund of tabor
Eastwood: To talk to an empty chair that represents a person who declined to appear
forelets: third-person singular simple present indicative of forelet
faggoted: simple past and past participle of faggot
uncenter: Alternative form of uncentre
uncentre: To throw from its centre.
eliquate: To liquate; to smelt.
eliquate: To part by liquation.
arriding: present participle and gerund of arride
outfound: simple past and past participle of outfind
outfinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfind
tamponed: simple past and past participle of tampon
retimber: To fit with new timbers.
streeked: simple past and past participle of streek
sootying: present participle and gerund of sooty
disgavel: To deprive of that principal quality of gavelkind tenure by which lands descend equally among all the sons of the tenant
cabalize: To study and interpret the Kabballah.
cabalize: To decode or demystify.
cabalize: To make mysterious; to entangle or obscure with the trappings of religion, mysticism, or superstition.
cabalize: To encode using wordplay such as acrostics or ciphers.
cabalize: To use cabalistic language or perform cabalistic magic.
cabalize: To encode as a Haskell package with the ".cabal" extension, which can then be installed and interpreted using the cabal command.
cabalize: To engage in politics as part of a cabal.
cabalize: To control or manipulate via a cabal or secret political organization.
unfogged: simple past and past participle of unfog
slighten: To make or become slight; make or become less pronounced, less noticeable, or less obvious.
slighten: To slight.
slighten: To level out, smooth, or flatten.
quatting: present participle and gerund of quat
paraphed: simple past and past participle of paraph
rehooped: simple past and past participle of rehoop
squilgee: Alternative form of squeegee
gloaring: present participle and gerund of gloar
denotify: To repeal the categorization of (a tribe) as criminal under the Criminal Tribes Act.
decolors: third-person singular simple present indicative of decolor
tivering: present participle and gerund of tiver
decolour: To deprive of colour; to bleach.
preroute: To route in advance.
howelled: simple past and past participle of howel
presting: present participle and gerund of prest
gobbeted: simple past and past participle of gobbet
dilateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dilate
garnetts: third-person singular simple present indicative of garnett
scantled: simple past and past participle of scantle
scantles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scantle
whimsied: simple past and past participle of whimsy
dowelled: simple past and past participle of dowel
negroize: To convert or adapt to the ways or norms of black people.
meeching: present participle and gerund of meech
frauding: present participle and gerund of fraud
begiving: present participle and gerund of begive
dispence: Obsolete form of dispense.
hovelled: simple past and past participle of hovel
comfited: simple past and past participle of comfit
discosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of discost
trispast: simple past and past participle of trispas
wore out: simple past of wear out
smoodged: simple past and past participle of smoodge
smoodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoodge
forthwax: To grow forth; grow to excess; increase; come on.
forthset: To set forth; present to view; display.
hilloaed: simple past and past participle of hilloa
forthrow: To throw off; cast off; reject.
quinines: third-person singular simple present indicative of quinine
bedoctor: To confer a doctoral degree upon.
bedoctor: To address as 'doctor'.
bedoctor: To care for in the manner of a doctor.
prefines: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefine
prefined: simple past and past participle of prefine
overvolt: To increase the voltage used in a component.
ranforce: Obsolete form of reinforce.
snotting: present participle and gerund of snot
autowrap: To wrap (e.g. text) automatically.
slabbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of slabber
decerned: simple past and past participle of decern
imparled: simple past and past participle of imparl
speeling: present participle and gerund of speel
kodaking: present participle and gerund of kodak
pottying: present participle and gerund of potty
aroynted: simple past and past participle of aroynt
ziplined: simple past and past participle of zipline
drumbled: simple past and past participle of drumble
supplace: To replace; to supplant.
clodding: present participle and gerund of clod
sprogged: simple past and past participle of sprog
consound: Alternative form of confound: to damn
rebleach: To bleach again.
scringes: third-person singular simple present indicative of scringe
scringed: simple past and past participle of scringe
cupelled: simple past and past participle of cupel
forebusy: To busy beforehand; preoccupy.
unpivots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpivot
fistbump: To bump fists in greeting or celebration.
sonneted: simple past and past participle of sonnet
slenting: present participle and gerund of slent
cantling: present participle and gerund of cantle
scutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of scutch
stoushed: simple past and past participle of stoush
taps out: third-person singular simple present indicative of tap out
parfried: simple past and past participle of parfry
parfries: third-person singular simple present indicative of parfry
abate of: To lessen, to subtract something from.
doc drop: To publicly disclose private information without authorization.
wettened: simple past and past participle of wetten
ockering: present participle and gerund of ocker
seposing: present participle and gerund of sepose
recosted: simple past and past participle of recost
spendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spend
coaptate: To join or attach.
sicklies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sickly
outherod: Obsolete form of out-Herod.
costated: simple past and past participle of costate
tennised: simple past and past participle of tennis
tennises: third-person singular simple present indicative of tennis
affiling: present participle and gerund of affile
scienced: simple past and past participle of science
smalling: present participle and gerund of small
exsected: simple past and past participle of exsect
regeared: simple past and past participle of regear
brooched: simple past and past participle of brooch
sparbled: simple past and past participle of sparble
sparbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sparble
recensed: simple past and past participle of recense
overpark: To park (a vehicle) for longer than is permitted.
squirred: simple past and past participle of squir
squirred: simple past and past participle of squirr
no-scope: To shoot without scoping in; especially with a high-precision, long-range gun, such as a sniper rifle.
no-scope: To kill by means of a no-scope.
ghettoed: simple past and past participle of ghetto
besplash: To splash all over; to wet by splashing.
outboobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outboob
riveling: present participle and gerund of rivel
telecopy: To send (a message) by fax machine, or telecopier.
backhead: To hit the ball with the back of the head
surbeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of surbeat
scrub in: To thoroughly wash one's hands and forearms in preparation for performing a surgery.
throning: present participle and gerund of throne
suttling: present participle and gerund of suttle
reshared: simple past and past participle of reshare
reshares: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshare
blue-sky: To engage in blue-sky thinking about.
disparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispart
bloodlet: To bleed; let blood; phlebotomise.
organing: present participle and gerund of organ
presewed: simple past of presew
handknit: To knit by hand.
clefting: present participle and gerund of cleft
overdoss: To oversleep, thus missing the intended railway stop.
enserfed: simple past and past participle of enserf
tetanise: Alternative form of tetanize
outpaint: To paint more or better than; to surpass in painting.
outpaint: To extend an image by guessing how it might look beyond its borders; to perform the inverse of a crop (chiefly in the context of AI image models).
mutining: present participle and gerund of mutine
A-bombed: simple past and past participle of A-bomb
shantied: simple past and past participle of shanty
chudding: present participle and gerund of chud
harloted: simple past and past participle of harlot
sleiding: present participle and gerund of sleid
doing it: present participle and gerund of do it
Malayise: Alternative spelling of Malayize
Malayize: To make Malay; to give Malay traits to.
inborrow: To redeem or buy back from pawn; resume a pledge by restoring the money that has been lent on it.
wait out: To wait through (something); wait (through) till the end; patiently endure.
downtone: To tone down; to make less emphatic or significant; to downplay.
rebiopsy: To make a second or subsequent biopsy
venesect: To carry out a venesection
fits out: third-person singular simple present indicative of fit out
comprize: Archaic form of comprise.
slop out: To throw out the waste from the chamberpot in a prison cell.
hikoiing: present participle and gerund of hikoi
chirpsed: simple past and past participle of chirpse
chirpses: third-person singular simple present indicative of chirpse
deredden: to make less red; to remove the red from
deredden: to correct for redshift
unstrand: To separate the strands of.
unstrand: To separate into its individual strands.
serrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of serrate
calleted: simple past and past participle of callet
humected: simple past and past participle of humect
deaccent: To remove the accent or stress from (a syllable).
skelters: third-person singular simple present indicative of skelter
touseled: simple past and past participle of tousel
proining: present participle and gerund of proin
heatsunk: past participle of heatsink
dividest: second-person singular simple present indicative of divide
deviseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of devise
devisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of devise
crunking: present participle and gerund of crunk
teddered: simple past and past participle of tedder
relooked: simple past and past participle of relook
fink out: To avoid or shirk, either by failing to perform, or by performing in a grossly insufficient, negligent, or superficial manner.
reels in: third-person singular simple present indicative of reel in
sopiting: present participle and gerund of sopite
deboosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of deboost
klapping: present participle and gerund of klap
dribbing: present participle and gerund of drib
perioded: simple past and past participle of period
majorize: To subject to majorization.
belocked: simple past and past participle of belock
relatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of relate
casketed: simple past and past participle of casket
carboned: simple past and past participle of carbon
carboned: simple past and past participle of carbone
relateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of relate
rehauled: simple past and past participle of rehaul
basilled: simple past and past participle of basil
slothing: present participle and gerund of sloth
enprison: To imprison.
ungender: To remove or reverse the gender of.
silanize: To treat with a silane
shotting: present participle and gerund of shot
bewizard: To influence by, or as though by, a wizard or wizardry.
frakking: present participle and gerund of frak
fungated: simple past and past participle of fungate
crossbit: simple past of crossbite
subduced: simple past and past participle of subduce
crop out: To appear at the surface of the ground; to outcrop.
crop out: To become noticeable or manifest; to come to light.
crop out: To adjust the borders of an image in a way that would remove someone or something from it or make it fit a certain space.
reinputs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reinput
heehawed: simple past and past participle of heehaw
dechrome: To remove chromium plating (from)
chanking: present participle and gerund of chank
gamified: simple past and past participle of gamify
defibbed: simple past and past participle of defib
avulsing: present participle and gerund of avulse
cliquing: present participle and gerund of clique
spelting: present participle and gerund of spelt
subacted: simple past and past participle of subact
unstinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstink
outbroke: simple past of outbreak
oracling: present participle and gerund of oracle
balsamed: simple past and past participle of balsam
fickling: present participle and gerund of fickle
skiffing: present participle and gerund of skiff
re-upped: simple past and past participle of re-up
replunge: To plunge again.
necroing: present participle and gerund of necro
conscion: To have a (specified kind of) conscience.
conscion: To find conscionable.
swatched: simple past and past participle of swatch
fonduing: present participle and gerund of fondue
withstay: To hold back; oppose; withstand.
casevacs: third-person singular simple present indicative of casevac
sculking: present participle and gerund of sculk
unassert: To take back a previous assertion; to recant something.
unicasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unicast
undivert: To restore the usual path or flow of something previously diverted.
unmangle: To restore the original form of (something previously mangled).
unhashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhash
unparent: To detach (an object) from its parent object.
unrelate: To remove from being in relation to something; to dissociate.
skirring: present participle and gerund of skirr
unshades: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshade
unshadow: To free from shadow; to allow to become illuminated.
unshadow: To combine (a password file) with its corresponding "shadow file" in order to facilitate cracking of the passwords.
unparses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unparse
flaccify: To render flaccid.
comanage: To manage together; to run jointly.
triforce: To post three Unicode triangles (▲) arranged in this configuration, especially on 4chan, where doing this correctly was a sign of experience used to weed out newbies.
outcharm: To surpass in charm; to be more charming than
fake out: To deceive, mislead, or trick (someone).
roadtest: To make a trial of, or to test, (a piece of equipment) in its intended usage environment before its final deployment.
roadtest: To test the performance of (an engine or vehicle) on the road.
bescrape: To scrape all over; scrape excessively.
hatefuck: Alternative form of hate fuck
jemmying: present participle and gerund of jemmy
capotted: simple past and past participle of capot
creanced: simple past and past participle of creance
saltated: simple past and past participle of saltate
trancing: present participle and gerund of trance
immoulds: third-person singular simple present indicative of immould
swincked: simple past and past participle of swinck
snigging: present participle and gerund of snig
steiking: present participle and gerund of steik
unrugged: simple past and past participle of unrug
amitting: present participle and gerund of amit
akilling: present participle and gerund of akill
backsaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of backsaw
row back: To change or revise a previous opinion or decision.
outloved: simple past and past participle of outlove
outloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlove
encheers: third-person singular simple present indicative of encheer
mark out: to set the boundaries of an area
mark out: to classify
mark out: to obliterate or cancel with a mark
mark out: to distinguish
obfirmed: simple past and past participle of obfirm
roisting: present participle and gerund of roist
settered: simple past and past participle of setter
talk out: To resolve (a problem) by talking about it.
talk out: To speak out (about something).
caponing: present participle and gerund of capon
swell up: To become swollen
ablauted: simple past and past participle of ablaut
paeaning: present participle and gerund of paean.
aleviate: Misspelling of alleviate.
deweight: To reduce the weighting of.
spreaded: simple past and past participle of spread
shoggled: simple past and past participle of shoggle
shoggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoggle
hatcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hatch
hatchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hatch
compears: third-person singular simple present indicative of compear
boot out: Emphatic synonym of kick out: to remove, to eject, to expel.
boot out: To fall or slide out of a turn due to excessive lean, which causes the athlete's boot to contact and pivot on the surface and the proper surface contact element to lose contact and traction.
contexed: simple past and past participle of contex
pickeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of pickeer
quoiting: present participle and gerund of quoit
stink up: To cause to stink.
stink up: To perform very badly in (a place).
wauchted: simple past and past participle of waucht
relaxin': Pronunciation spelling of relaxing.
costeans: third-person singular simple present indicative of costean
chirking: present participle and gerund of chirk
awfulize: To react dramatically or catastrophically to distressing events.
skivered: simple past and past participle of skiver
raw dogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of raw dog
liquates: third-person singular simple present indicative of liquate
facilize: To make something easy; to facilitate.
bishoped: simple past and past participle of bishop
excambed: simple past and past participle of excamb
scholied: simple past and past participle of scholy
coarcted: simple past and past participle of coarct
excambie: To excamb.
mousling: present participle and gerund of mousle
defenced: simple past and past participle of defence
strooted: simple past and past participle of stroot
patroled: simple past and past participle of patrole
discants: third-person singular simple present indicative of discant
ormolued: simple past and past participle of ormolu
mislodge: To lodge incorrectly, amiss, or in the wrong place.
selvaged: simple past and past participle of selvage
choogled: simple past and past participle of choogle
unchoose: To not choose; choose against; deselect; reject.
dug into: simple past and past participle of dig into
overoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of overoil
rigorise: Rare spelling of rigorize.
slidders: third-person singular simple present indicative of slidder
uncommit: To cancel being committed to something; to release from obligation.
uncommit: To undo a change that had been applied.
shailing: present participle and gerund of shail
manacing: present participle and gerund of manace
depowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of depower
crizzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crizzle
gypsying: present participle and gerund of gypsy
gipsying: present participle and gerund of gipsy
degender: To degenerate.
degender: To strip of gender; to make genderless or gender-neutral.
sickered: simple past and past participle of sicker
unchocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchock
swobbing: present participle and gerund of swob
sodering: present participle and gerund of soder
Lewinsky: To perform fellatio on.
slippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slip
skippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of skip
skippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of skip
slippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slip
bouching: present participle and gerund of bouche
calvered: simple past and past participle of calver
cantiled: simple past and past participle of cantile
sawdered: simple past and past participle of sawder
uplinked: simple past and past participle of uplink
cloaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloak
cloakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cloak
brogging: present participle and gerund of brog
misgrown: past participle of misgrow.
misguilt: To do wrong.
get used: To become accustomed to something; to acclimate; to adjust.
get used: to make accustomed, to accustom, to habituate (someone to something).
get used: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see get, used.
boxhauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of boxhaul
smirting: present participle and gerund of smirt
essoigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of essoign
decrewed: simple past and past participle of decrew
speaning: present participle and gerund of spean
unclicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclick
tiddling: present participle and gerund of tiddle
autoflow: To flow (text) automatically.
autoruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of autorun
nousling: present participle and gerund of nousle
sortying: present participle and gerund of sortie
marroons: third-person singular simple present indicative of marroon
bigfoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of bigfoot
wrathing: present participle and gerund of wrath
nick off: To leave, especially in a hurry.
airdried: simple past and past participle of airdry
airdries: third-person singular simple present indicative of airdry
adstrict: Alternative form of astrict
shoogles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoogle
prezoned: simple past and past participle of prezone
scavages: third-person singular simple present indicative of scavage
besmoked: simple past and past participle of besmoke
vlogging: present participle and gerund of vlog
treadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tread
lautered: simple past and past participle of lauter
unenroll: To undo the enrolment of; to cause (oneself or another person) to not be enrolled.
tonifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tonify
libating: present participle and gerund of libate
onerates: third-person singular simple present indicative of onerate
onerated: simple past and past participle of onerate
meagered: simple past and past participle of meager
meagring: present participle and gerund of meagre
swizzing: present participle and gerund of swizz
misadapt: To adapt in the wrong way.
maladapt: To adapt badly; to exhibit maladaptation.
shitpost: To make such a post.
wigs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of wig out
pegs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of peg out
re-signs: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-sign
downrank: To lower in rank.
preeming: present participle and gerund of preem
surfling: present participle and gerund of surfle
flehmens: third-person singular simple present indicative of flehmen
induceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of induce
cleareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clear
kyoodles: third-person singular simple present indicative of kyoodle
polyself: To transform one's own character into another type of creature.
queeping: present participle and gerund of queep
does out: third-person singular simple present indicative of do out
done out: past participle of do out
ate crow: simple past of eat crow
relaxeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of relax
relaxest: second-person singular simple present indicative of relax
swifters: third-person singular simple present indicative of swifter
devoided: simple past and past participle of devoid
spawneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spawn
embarned: simple past and past participle of embarn
allonged: simple past and past participle of allonge
snotters: third-person singular simple present indicative of snotter
dishumor: Alternative form of dishumour
cabining: present participle and gerund of cabin
elocuted: simple past and past participle of elocute
elocutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of elocute
feoffing: present participle and gerund of feoff
herrying: present participle and gerund of herry
sociated: simple past and past participle of sociate
sociates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sociate
illapsed: simple past and past participle of illapse
rathered: simple past and past participle of rather
jargoned: simple past and past participle of jargon
reboxing: present participle and gerund of rebox
distains: third-person singular simple present indicative of distain
spurging: present participle and gerund of spurge
kvitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of kvitch
kvitched: simple past and past participle of kvitch
shanghae: Obsolete form of shanghai.
overcram: To cram too full; to overstuff.
safaried: simple past and past participle of safari
champoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of champoo
sniggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sniggle
sniggled: simple past and past participle of sniggle
folioing: present participle and gerund of folio
scrattle: To scratch.
scrattle: To make shift, to manage to get along.
scrattle: To scuttle.
plotteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of plot
plottest: second-person singular simple present indicative of plot
empaling: present participle and gerund of empale
reinfest: To infest again.
undubbed: simple past and past participle of undub
tie over: Tide over.
mackling: present participle and gerund of mackle
maculing: present participle and gerund of macule
awardeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of award
unwitted: simple past and past participle of unwit
awardest: second-person singular simple present indicative of award
miraging: present participle and gerund of mirage
flisking: present participle and gerund of flisk
forrayed: simple past and past participle of forray
pothered: simple past and past participle of pother
starteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of start
sautered: simple past and past participle of sauter
sprunted: simple past and past participle of sprunt
assotted: simple past and past participle of assot
aunswerd: simple past and past participle of aunswer
aunswers: third-person singular simple present indicative of aunswer
whurring: present participle and gerund of whur
riggling: present participle and gerund of riggle
disusing: present participle and gerund of disuse
uproared: simple past and past participle of uproar
wreckest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wreck
snorteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of snort
wrecketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreck
rimpling: present participle and gerund of rimple
puppying: present participle and gerund of puppy
untwines: third-person singular simple present indicative of untwine
injureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of injure
injurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of injure
fothered: simple past and past participle of fother
tillowed: simple past and past participle of tillow
calefied: simple past and past participle of calefy
policied: simple past and past participle of policy
bled out: simple past and past participle of bleed out
overlink: To use too many hyperlinks.
unnumbed: simple past and past participle of unnumb
decrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrust
conacred: simple past and past participle of conacre
ordereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of order
bombasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bombast
breveted: simple past and past participle of brevet
foddered: simple past and past participle of fodder
raddling: present participle and gerund of raddle
merrowed: simple past and past participle of merrow
overedge: To overlock.
respread: To spread again.
puddered: simple past and past participle of pudder
wringeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wring
mistered: simple past and past participle of mister
squattle: To squat or sprawl; to duck into concealment.
comprint: To print together.
comprint: To reprint without permission a work belonging to another.
cribbled: simple past and past participle of cribble
cribbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cribble
balladed: simple past and past participle of ballad
stoopeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stoop
stoopest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stoop
trapesed: simple past and past participle of trapes
trapeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of trapes
greiting: present participle and gerund of greit
swingled: simple past and past participle of swingle
Arianize: To make Arian, or act as an Arian.
Arianize: Alternative form of Aryanize
daggered: simple past and past participle of dagger
cockered: simple past and past participle of cocker
scratted: simple past and past participle of scrat
fraising: present participle and gerund of fraise
querning: present participle and gerund of quern
draggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of draggle
goldened: simple past and past participle of golden
gallying: present participle and gerund of gally
rebusing: present participle and gerund of rebus
poinding: present participle and gerund of poind
downdrew: simple past of downdraw
repewing: present participle and gerund of repew
apoptose: To cause the cell to undergo apoptosis, a process of programmed cell death.
respuate: To refuse or reject.
chesting: present participle and gerund of chest
imbrutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbrute
staycate: To vacation close to home; staycation.
assplant: To land on one's buttocks (unintentionally).
misbuilt: simple past and past participle of misbuild
misbuild: To build wrongly or badly.
miscooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscook
categise: Thrash (verbally or physically).
prolling: present participle and gerund of proll
smittled: simple past and past participle of smittle
smittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of smittle
racketed: simple past and past participle of racket
springed: simple past and past participle of springe
spin off: To create (something) as a by-product or a secondary derived work.
cotaught: simple past and past participle of coteach
prigging: present participle and gerund of prig
overpush: To push excessively.
despited: simple past and past participle of despite
despites: third-person singular simple present indicative of despite
categize: Alternative spelling of categise
plicates: third-person singular simple present indicative of plicate
embowels: third-person singular simple present indicative of embowel
lozenged: simple past and past participle of lozenge
rebreeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebreed
reseeing: present participle and gerund of resee
revulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of revulse
tingeing: present participle and gerund of tinge
revulsed: simple past and past participle of revulse
strapple: To bind with a strap; strap; entangle.
cullying: present participle and gerund of cully
skellied: simple past and past participle of skelly
swingles: third-person singular simple present indicative of swingle
reassays: third-person singular simple present indicative of reassay
recrewed: simple past and past participle of recrew
engining: present participle and gerund of engine
unplonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplonk
unignore: To cease ignoring (a blocked user on an online chat system, etc.).
recalced: simple past and past participle of recalc
swedging: present participle and gerund of swedge
refiring: present participle and gerund of refire
twidling: present participle and gerund of twidle
infracts: third-person singular simple present indicative of infract
deponeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of depone
deponing: present participle and gerund of depone
debreast: To remove the breasts from.
hoppling: present participle and gerund of hopple
demuring: present participle and gerund of demure
gnasheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnash
vomiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vomit
vauntest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vaunt
vaunteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vaunt
squabbed: simple past and past participle of squab
morrices: third-person singular simple present indicative of morrice
spilleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spill
spoileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoil
spillest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spill
waterest: second-person singular simple present indicative of water
spoilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spoil
refuteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of refute
brabbled: simple past and past participle of brabble
assumeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of assume
assumest: second-person singular simple present indicative of assume
vantaged: simple past and past participle of vantage
retapped: simple past and past participle of retap
dandered: simple past and past participle of dander
repayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of repay
sozzling: present participle and gerund of sozzle
dazzleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dazzle
freezeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of freeze
noticeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of notice
quelleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of quell
decrumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrumb
amendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of amend
pointest: second-person singular simple present indicative of point
pointeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of point
exposeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of expose
praiseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of praise
worlding: present participle and gerund of world
spinneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spin
kneeleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of kneel
traineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of train
battleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of battle
guardeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of guard
invadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of invade
scoldeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scold
swoopeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swoop
floateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of float
endoweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of endow
kneadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of knead
draineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drain
saddleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of saddle
bridleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bridle
fluxuate: Misspelling of fluctuate.
foisteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of foist
bustleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bustle
exerteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exert
engageth: third-person singular simple present indicative of engage
catereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cater
bloometh: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloom
evolveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of evolve
trappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trap
swerveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swerve
graspeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grasp
claspeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clasp
sootheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of soothe
navvying: present participle and gerund of navvy
wheeleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheel
flocketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of flock
crowdeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crowd
nappying: present participle and gerund of nappy
fiddleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiddle
figureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of figure
retaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of retake
greaseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grease
shitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shit
glanceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glance
decideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of decide
yearneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of yearn
sheareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shear
smeareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of smear
assayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of assay
affixeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of affix
handleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of handle
essayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of essay
reputeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of repute
imputeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of impute
erecteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of erect
floodeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flood
ensureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensure
retaxing: present participle and gerund of retax
dwarfeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwarf
threaped: simple past and past participle of threap
cloudeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cloud
bubbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bubble
blotteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blot
wideneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of widen
skimmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of skim
skinneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of skin
spotteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spot
courteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of court
allegeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of allege
swooneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swoon
fretteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fret
blendeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blend
bedamped: simple past and past participle of bedamp.
vaulteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vault
steepeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of steep
draggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drag
locateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of locate
brawleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brawl
doubleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of double
tutoreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tutor
debuffed: simple past and past participle of debuff
deposeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of depose
defameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of defame
encasket: To place inside a casket.
plucketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of pluck
annoyeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of annoy
crampeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cramp
sniffeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sniff
cleaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clean
drifteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drift
brooketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of brook
scrapeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrape
resumeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of resume
spurreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spur
aspireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of aspire
stinteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stint
choppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chop
divineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of divine
ripeneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ripen
coaligns: third-person singular simple present indicative of coalign
amaining: present participle and gerund of amain
gleaneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glean
claspest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clasp
printeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of print
becolour: To impart colour to; mark with colour; colour all over.
shabbing: present participle and gerund of shab
wearieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of weary
altereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of alter
stilleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of still
tarrieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tarry
repiping: present participle and gerund of repipe
meriteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of merit
arouseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of arouse
forgoeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of forgo
slinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of slink
swarmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swarm
sneaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneak
mismails: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismail
flobbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flobber
duddered: simple past and past participle of dudder
weigheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of weigh
stacketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stack
lurcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lurch
spittled: simple past and past participle of spittle
crooketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of crook
stocketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stock
spittles: third-person singular simple present indicative of spittle
chaineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of chain
quieteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of quiet
allayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of allay
glutteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glut
manageth: third-person singular simple present indicative of manage
brandeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brand
steppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of step
stampeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stamp
tricketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of trick
shifteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shift
exacteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exact
trotteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trot
warbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of warble
emergeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of emerge
flappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flap
rippleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ripple
drippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drip
crusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crush
voucheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of vouch
adorneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of adorn
behested: simple past and past participle of behest
limiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of limit
lowereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lower
jangleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of jangle
bandieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bandy
reneweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of renew
worrieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of worry
trippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trip
averteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of avert
jousteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of joust
houndeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hound
assureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of assure
snappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of snap
doubteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of doubt
slappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of slap
clappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clap
retireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of retire
damageth: third-person singular simple present indicative of damage
scenteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scent
treateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of treat
menaceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of menace
bounceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bounce
coveteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of covet
alarmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of alarm
raveneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of raven
duressed: simple past and past participle of duress
ovalized: simple past and past participle of ovalize
ovalizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ovalize
honeying: present participle and gerund of honey
hollaing: present participle and gerund of holla
arrayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of array
scaldeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scald
allureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of allure
rankleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rankle
whelpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of whelp
reclamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclamp
swinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of swink
rebiases: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebias
resocket: To socket again.
rebiased: simple past and past participle of rebias
resoaked: simple past and past participle of resoak
excuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of excuse
enableth: third-person singular simple present indicative of enable
spritted: simple past and past participle of sprit
muffleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of muffle
ricketed: simple past and past participle of ricket
twisteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of twist
righteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of right
stormeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of storm
matureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mature
insureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of insure
sheaving: present participle and gerund of sheave
buckleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of buckle
feigneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of feign
delugeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of deluge
outgoeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgo
spouteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spout
miniated: simple past and past participle of miniate
spongeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sponge
miniates: third-person singular simple present indicative of miniate
iodining: present participle and gerund of iodine
trigging: present participle and gerund of trig
hocussed: simple past and past participle of hocus
shriveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrive
chupsing: present participle and gerund of chupse
hocusing: present participle and gerund of hocus
quaffeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of quaff
sweateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sweat
aerobate: To perform aerobatics.
meddleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of meddle
reduceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of reduce
deduceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of deduce
adduceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of adduce
flaggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flag
fluidise: Alternative form of fluidize
pargeted: simple past and past participle of parget
gambleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gamble
attireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of attire
taunteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of taunt
immerged: simple past and past participle of immerge
obverted: simple past and past participle of obvert
thorning: present participle and gerund of thorn
recuring: present participle and gerund of recure
effaceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of efface
throeing: present participle and gerund of throe
effluxed: simple past and past participle of efflux
infuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of infuse
fruiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fruit
brustled: simple past and past participle of brustle
revileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of revile
latcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of latch
recircle: To circle again.
stounded: simple past and past participle of stound
eluviate: To cause eluviation.
slingeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sling
squareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of square
upriseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprise
swingeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of swing
stingeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sting
speareth: third-person singular simple present indicative of spear
coveying: present participle and gerund of covey
scowleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scowl
dreadeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dread
stuffeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stuff
smatched: simple past and past participle of smatch
floggeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flog
stooling: present participle and gerund of stool.
propined: simple past and past participle of propine
regluing: present participle and gerund of reglue
steereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of steer
humified: simple past and past participle of humify
humifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of humify
rehemmed: simple past and past participle of rehem
woundeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wound
wreaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of wreak
percheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of perch
grinneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grin
smarteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of smart
mantleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mantle
seetheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of seethe
whirreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of whirr
spragged: simple past and past participle of sprag
scambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scamble
flingeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fling
electeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of elect
clasheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clash
acetised: simple past and past participle of acetise
boxes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of box in
acidised: simple past and past participle of acidise
estruate: Alternative form of oestruate
foredraw: To draw beforehand or in advance; draw forward.
forebite: To bite beforehand or in front.
chamming: present participle and gerund of cham
re-abuse: To abuse again.
accurise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of accurize.
hielding: present participle and gerund of hield
evil-eye: to cast an evil eye upon someone or something
downfell: simple past of downfall
Zuluised: simple past and past participle of Zuluise
pop tags: To go shopping, especially for clothing, especially on a spree.
betrench: To cut up; carve; slash.
betravel: To travel over; overrun with travellers.
reedited: simple past and past participle of reedit
sit upon: Synonym of sit on (“block, suppress, hold back”)
bowering: present participle and gerund of bower
drive in: To hit the ball or reach base in such a way that a run scores.
stevvons: third-person singular simple present indicative of stevvon
pitch up: To arrive; to turn up.
pitch up: To raise the pitch of (a sound).
demating: present participle and gerund of demate
dacoited: simple past and past participle of dacoit
underoil: To oil insufficiently.
glibbing: present participle and gerund of glib
flusheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flush
stunteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stunt
adopteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of adopt
spooging: present participle and gerund of spooge
patcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of patch
hallooes: third-person singular simple present indicative of halloo
paddleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of paddle
miscolor: Alternative form of miscolour
blacketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of black
last out: To survive or endure
stanking: present participle and gerund of stank
imposeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of impose
opposeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of oppose
defineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of define
blunteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of blunt
stroketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stroke
impaleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of impale
cajoleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cajole
stalketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of stalk
puzzleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of puzzle
arriveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of arrive
deriveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of derive
frotheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of froth
scoureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scour
traileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trail
strayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stray
stabbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stab
mouldeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mould
reingest: To ingest again.
halfcock: To set the cock of a firearm at the first notch.
backtabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of backtab
unbaling: present participle and gerund of unbale
wedgying: present participle and gerund of wedgie
unwedged: simple past and past participle of unwedge
bemauled: simple past and past participle of bemaul
compting: present participle and gerund of compt
upsample: To increase the sampling rate of (a signal).
doinking: present participle and gerund of doink
forbleed: To exhaust with bleeding.
forbleed: To cover with blood.
filiated: simple past and past participle of filiate
filiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of filiate
unflexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unflex
unflexed: simple past and past participle of unflex
unrailed: simple past and past participle of unrail
emptieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of empty
uncanned: simple past and past participle of uncan
cringeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cringe
rattleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rattle
crammeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cram
fetchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fetch
angereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of anger
fetcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fetch
churneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of churn
steameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of steam
abutteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abut
cougheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cough
croppeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crop
querieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of query
plungeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of plunge
starveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of starve
fetch up: To arrive somewhere, especially unexpectedly.
fetch up: To overtake.
fetch up: To vomit.
paradeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of parade
pitcheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pitch
admireth: third-person singular simple present indicative of admire
gladding: present participle and gerund of glad
chevying: present participle and gerund of chevy
voyageth: third-person singular simple present indicative of voyage
snelling: present participle and gerund of snell
eat cunt: Synonym of eat pussy
vocoding: present participle and gerund of vocode
unscreen: To reveal by removing a screen.
realters: third-person singular simple present indicative of realter
reloosen: To loosen again.
rediaper: To change the diaper of.
rebrewed: simple past and past participle of rebrew
misplant: To plant badly or wrongly.
softload: To load from a software source rather than from ROM.
redecree: decree again
swallers: third-person singular simple present indicative of swaller
redefend: To defend again.
prebaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebait
freeline: To fish with a simple hook and bait, without floats, sinkers, etc.
thridded: simple past and past participle of thrid
repineth: third-person singular simple present indicative of repine
reblasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblast
annexeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of annex
loungeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of lounge
digiting: present participle and gerund of digit
tainteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of taint
filliped: simple past and past participle of fillip
saccaded: simple past and past participle of saccade
squitted: simple past and past participle of squit
drummeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drum
destages: third-person singular simple present indicative of destage
destaged: simple past and past participle of destage
telished: simple past and past participle of telish
flouteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of flout
reclears: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclear
nativize: To make native; to incorporate into native culture.
outburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outburn
jumarred: simple past and past participle of jumar
attuneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of attune
deramped: simple past and past participle of deramp
upcharge: To overcharge (charge someone a surcharge, or charge too much).
upcharge: To overcharge (charge someone with an inflated number or degree of legal charges).
regaleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of regale
progging: present participle and gerund of prog
devoteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of devote
roundeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of round
reamends: third-person singular simple present indicative of reamend
likeneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of liken
manureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of manure
rustleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of rustle
applieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of apply
remanure: To manure again.
creaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of creak
creakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of creak
blinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of blink
blinkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blink
shocketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of shock
wrappeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrap
stylemog: To patronize or talk down to someone by complimenting them as though from a position of authority on the compliment's subject.
skirteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of skirt
streweth: third-person singular simple present indicative of strew
checketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of check
fancieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fancy
pierceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of pierce
piercest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pierce
untrucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untruck
sjamboke: Alternative form of sjambok
skeining: present participle and gerund of skein
statting: present participle and gerund of stat
abasheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abash
equitize: To divide (real estate or other assets) among several investors and place into publicly traded stock.
obligeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of oblige
shirketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of shirk
refuging: present participle and gerund of refuge
anticize: To perform antics.
predrill: To drill through a substrate for the purpose of readying it for a second drilling, this time with the purpose of emplacing the desired input.
chutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of chutter
unitised: simple past and past participle of unitise
unitises: third-person singular simple present indicative of unitise
worthied: simple past and past participle of worthy
enspells: third-person singular simple present indicative of enspell
mangoing: present participle and gerund of mango
delurked: simple past and past participle of delurk
dirtieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dirty
grippeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grip
preëxist: Rare spelling of preexist.
adviseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of advise
tracketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of track
crosseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cross
underlap: To be overlapped by; to protrude underneath.
sparketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of spark
parrieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of parry
codefine: To define jointly.
codefine: To define (each other).
sneereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneer
circleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of circle
sobereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of sober
summated: simple past and past participle of summate
reranked: simple past and past participle of rerank
rewiping: present participle and gerund of rewipe
reattend: To attend again.
advisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of advise
pluckest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pluck
trifleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trifle
imputest: second-person singular simple present indicative of impute
loungest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lounge
devotest: second-person singular simple present indicative of devote
repinest: second-person singular simple present indicative of repine
triflest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trifle
kneelest: second-person singular simple present indicative of kneel
croppest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crop
retirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of retire
feignest: second-person singular simple present indicative of feign
obligest: second-person singular simple present indicative of oblige
minglest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mingle
mantlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mantle
doubtest: second-person singular simple present indicative of doubt
mountest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mount
snappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of snap
starvest: second-person singular simple present indicative of starve
attunest: second-person singular simple present indicative of attune
defamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of defame
paradest: second-person singular simple present indicative of parade
erectest: second-person singular simple present indicative of erect
regalest: second-person singular simple present indicative of regale
skimmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of skim
shiftest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shift
ripenest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ripen
brookest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brook
steerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of steer
brawlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brawl
gleanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of glean
adducest: second-person singular simple present indicative of adduce
plungest: second-person singular simple present indicative of plunge
exposest: second-person singular simple present indicative of expose
shirkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shirk
adornest: second-person singular simple present indicative of adorn
ensurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ensure
aspirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of aspire
printest: second-person singular simple present indicative of print
slinkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slink
alarmest: second-person singular simple present indicative of alarm
deignest: second-person singular simple present indicative of deign
flappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flap
scoldest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scold
slingest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sling
vaultest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vault
strokest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stroke
churnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of churn
menacest: second-person singular simple present indicative of menace
invitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of invite
choosest: second-person singular simple present indicative of choose
skirtest: second-person singular simple present indicative of skirt
sparkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spark
mumblest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mumble
outgoest: second-person singular simple present indicative of outgo
trailest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trail
enablest: second-person singular simple present indicative of enable
battlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of battle
meddlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of meddle
cleavest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cleave
deposest: second-person singular simple present indicative of depose
greasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grease
pleadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of plead
mouldest: second-person singular simple present indicative of mould
floutest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flout
essayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of essay
attirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of attire
adoptest: second-person singular simple present indicative of adopt
trippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trip
reputest: second-person singular simple present indicative of repute
enticest: second-person singular simple present indicative of entice
removest: second-person singular simple present indicative of remove
stabbest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stab
amendest: second-person singular simple present indicative of amend
reachest: second-person singular simple present indicative of reach
cloudest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cloud
flingest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fling
reignest: second-person singular simple present indicative of reign
forgoest: second-person singular simple present indicative of forgo
dazzlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dazzle
crushest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crush
gamblest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gamble
scentest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scent
janglest: second-person singular simple present indicative of jangle
electest: second-person singular simple present indicative of elect
defilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of defile
angerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of anger
cajolest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cajole
figurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of figure
voyagest: second-person singular simple present indicative of voyage
definest: second-person singular simple present indicative of define
clashest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clash
endowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of endow
drummest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drum
grinnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grin
assurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of assure
smellest: second-person singular simple present indicative of smell
sweatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sweat
groanest: second-person singular simple present indicative of groan
allowest: second-person singular simple present indicative of allow
stingest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sting
taintest: second-person singular simple present indicative of taint
weighest: second-person singular simple present indicative of weigh
shunnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shun
arrayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of array
tauntest: second-person singular simple present indicative of taunt
warblest: second-person singular simple present indicative of warble
stuffest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stuff
rattlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of rattle
grippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grip
imposest: second-person singular simple present indicative of impose
wrappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wrap
crowdest: second-person singular simple present indicative of crowd
queriest: second-person singular simple present indicative of query
abashest: second-person singular simple present indicative of abash
guardest: second-person singular simple present indicative of guard
scrapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scrape
parriest: second-person singular simple present indicative of parry
twistest: second-person singular simple present indicative of twist
stalkest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stalk
smearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of smear
meritest: second-person singular simple present indicative of merit
widenest: second-person singular simple present indicative of widen
trackest: second-person singular simple present indicative of track
knockest: second-person singular simple present indicative of knock
bandiest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bandy
shootest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shoot
trappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trap
perchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of perch
lowerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of lower
invadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of invade
swoonest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swoon
opposest: second-person singular simple present indicative of oppose
arrivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of arrive
reducest: second-person singular simple present indicative of reduce
breedest: second-person singular simple present indicative of breed
slappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of slap
driftest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drift
allegest: second-person singular simple present indicative of allege
drainest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drain
floodest: second-person singular simple present indicative of flood
evolvest: second-person singular simple present indicative of evolve
spurrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spur
graspest: second-person singular simple present indicative of grasp
shockest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shock
arousest: second-person singular simple present indicative of arouse
bloomest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bloom
exertest: second-person singular simple present indicative of exert
ripplest: second-person singular simple present indicative of ripple
strayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stray
sneakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sneak
yearnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of yearn
clappest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clap
emergest: second-person singular simple present indicative of emerge
frettest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fret
circlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of circle
cringest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cringe
gloriest: second-person singular simple present indicative of glory
scowlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scowl
stampest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stamp
spurnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spurn
treatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of treat
steppest: second-person singular simple present indicative of step
dilatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dilate
swervest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swerve
marriest: second-person singular simple present indicative of marry
embasest: second-person singular simple present indicative of embase
doublest: second-person singular simple present indicative of double
decidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of decide
blottest: second-person singular simple present indicative of blot
strewest: second-person singular simple present indicative of strew
shrivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shrive
gnashest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gnash
floatest: second-person singular simple present indicative of float
puzzlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of puzzle
sniffest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sniff
allayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of allay
covetest: second-person singular simple present indicative of covet
uprisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of uprise
houndest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hound
swoopest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swoop
scourest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scour
allurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of allure
snortest: second-person singular simple present indicative of snort
caterest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cater
freezest: second-person singular simple present indicative of freeze
kneadest: second-person singular simple present indicative of knead
chainest: second-person singular simple present indicative of chain
dreamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dream
glancest: second-person singular simple present indicative of glance
matchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of match
inducest: second-person singular simple present indicative of induce
shearest: second-person singular simple present indicative of shear
derivest: second-person singular simple present indicative of derive
excusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of excuse
sneerest: second-person singular simple present indicative of sneer
wreakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wreak
ravenest: second-person singular simple present indicative of raven
infusest: second-person singular simple present indicative of infuse
coughest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cough
vomitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vomit
revilest: second-person singular simple present indicative of revile
becomest: second-person singular simple present indicative of become
resumest: second-person singular simple present indicative of resume
noticest: second-person singular simple present indicative of notice
wheelest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wheel
snarlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of snarl
appliest: second-person singular simple present indicative of apply
salutest: second-person singular simple present indicative of salute
crampest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cramp
saddlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of saddle
likenest: second-person singular simple present indicative of liken
pitchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of pitch
pressest: second-person singular simple present indicative of press
bubblest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bubble
reciteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of recite
swingest: second-person singular simple present indicative of swing
recitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of recite
stormest: second-person singular simple present indicative of storm
courtest: second-person singular simple present indicative of court
draggest: second-person singular simple present indicative of drag
escapest: second-person singular simple present indicative of escape
crammest: second-person singular simple present indicative of cram
assayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of assay
admirest: second-person singular simple present indicative of admire
temptest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tempt
vouchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of vouch
spoutest: second-person singular simple present indicative of spout
marchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of march
managest: second-person singular simple present indicative of manage
woundest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wound
repayest: second-person singular simple present indicative of repay
refutest: second-person singular simple present indicative of refute
avertest: second-person singular simple present indicative of avert
bridlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bridle
tumblest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tumble
quaffest: second-person singular simple present indicative of quaff
scarreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scar
tickleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tickle
ticklest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tickle
mangleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of mangle
effacest: second-person singular simple present indicative of efface
limitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of limit
trainest: second-person singular simple present indicative of train
engagest: second-person singular simple present indicative of engage
steamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of steam
stridest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stride
tutorest: second-person singular simple present indicative of tutor
clippest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clip
insurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of insure
speedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of speed
solaceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of solace
solacest: second-person singular simple present indicative of solace
xerocopy: To copy xerographically.
o'erleap: Contraction of overleap
take for: To regard as.
take for: To consider mistakenly.
take for: To defraud; to rip off.
hoisteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoist
nutating: present participle and gerund of nutate
dockizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dockize
dockized: simple past and past participle of dockize
dockised: simple past and past participle of dockise
dockises: third-person singular simple present indicative of dockise
uncasked: simple past and past participle of uncask
infaming: present participle and gerund of infame
transsex: To transition (to undergo a transition) from being one sex/gender to being another (especially by sex reassignment surgery). (Compare transgender.)
transsex: To transgender; to (cause something to) change from being sexed/gendered in one way to being sexed/gendered in another way.
japonize: Alternative form of Japanize
dexified: simple past and past participle of dexify
dexifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of dexify
unnunned: simple past and past participle of unnun
imbraced: simple past and past participle of imbrace
imbraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbrace
dry labs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dry lab
jobshare: To take part in a work arrangement of this kind.
swissing: present participle and gerund of swiss
overcite: To cite too much.
emplants: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplant
fibreise: Non-Oxford British English form of fiberize
fiberise: Non-Oxford British English spelling of fiberize
fibreize: Alternative form of fiberize
retasked: simple past and past participle of retask
steeming: present participle and gerund of steem
derender: To remove rendering from.
uptalked: simple past and past participle of uptalk
inboxing: present participle and gerund of inbox
wuffling: present participle and gerund of wuffle
tippytoe: Alternative form of tiptoe
letching: present participle and gerund of letch
eat into: To consume gradually, especially by erosion.
pinch at: To find fault with; to take exception to.
round in: To haul up; usually, to haul the slack of (a rope) through its leading block, or to haul up (a tackle which hangs loose) by its fall.
round in: To round up (cattle) by riding around them.
underran: simple past of underrun
hitch up: To fasten up.
hitch up: To pull up, or raise with a jerking movement.
hitch up: To attach (a horse, etc.) to a vehicle.
hitch up: to marry
reguarde: Obsolete form of regard.
rethanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rethank
stump it: To go on foot; hence, to run away; to escape.
stump it: To make electioneering speeches.
had like: Had nearly; (did) not quite (followed by the infinitive).
post off: To send away through the postal service; to mail.
post off: To put off; to delay.
unkeying: present participle and gerund of unkey
enquotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enquote
enquoted: simple past and past participle of enquote
smirches: third-person singular simple present indicative of smirch
cork off: To fall asleep.
scutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of scutter
decensor: To restore, recreate or reconstruct the objectionable content of a work.
step off: To measure by steps or paces; hence, to divide (a space), or to form a series of marks, by successive measurements, as with dividers.
step off: To avoid a conflict; to back down
step off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see step, off.
autofits: third-person singular simple present indicative of autofit
pianoing: present participle and gerund of piano
pulls in: third-person singular simple present indicative of pull in
beshades: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshade
rush off: To leave in a hurry.
rush off: To produce in great haste.
sexploit: To take advantage of someone sexually.
popified: simple past and past participle of popify
sleazing: present participle and gerund of sleaze
untidied: simple past and past participle of untidy
perceave: Obsolete form of perceive.
conceave: Obsolete form of conceive.
reimbues: third-person singular simple present indicative of reimbue
reimbued: simple past and past participle of reimbue
reinduct: To induct again.
modeming: present participle and gerund of modem
thinging: present participle and gerund of thing
dies off: third-person singular simple present indicative of die off
died off: simple past and past participle of die off
annalise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of annalize.
angelise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of angelize.
percieve: Misspelling of perceive.
inwrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of inwrite
gets wet: third-person singular simple present indicative of get wet
refugeed: simple past and past participle of refugee
biotreat: To process with biotreatment.
sturring: present participle and gerund of stur
unarcing: present participle and gerund of unarc
twocking: present participle and gerund of twoc
beclowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclown
flenched: simple past and past participle of flench
flenches: third-person singular simple present indicative of flench
entangel: Obsolete spelling of entangle
decoring: present participle and gerund of decore
waits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wait up
skolling: present participle and gerund of skol
overrevs: third-person singular simple present indicative of overrev
resubdue: To subdue again.
retemper: To temper again.
homeport: To assign a vessel a port to act as its home.
exersize: Misspelling of exercise.
jobbling: present participle and gerund of jobble
bigamize: To commit bigamy.
overlend: To lend too much.
overlent: simple past and past participle of overlend
hottered: simple past and past participle of hotter
defeases: third-person singular simple present indicative of defease
defeased: simple past and past participle of defease
overhelp: To supply with too much help.
remopped: simple past and past participle of remop
dativize: To convert to a dative form.
dativize: To be converted into a dative form.
recredit: To credit again.
outcools: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcool
dinghied: simple past and past participle of dinghy
ma'aming: present participle and gerund of ma'am
euroizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of euroize
outfucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfuck
euroized: simple past and past participle of euroize
ingendre: Obsolete form of engender.
bynaming: present participle and gerund of byname
parlyvoo: Alternative form of parleyvoo
succeded: simple past and past participle of succede
unracked: simple past and past participle of unrack
backbore: To modify (a weapon's barrel) so as to increase the bore diameter.
canaried: simple past and past participle of canary
sneck up: Be silent; shut up.
sphinxed: simple past and past participle of sphinx
unpieces: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpiece
pinkened: simple past and past participle of pinken
outprice: To sell at a lower price than (another seller)
humphing: present participle and gerund of humph
pistoned: simple past and past participle of piston
quirking: present participle and gerund of quirk
boinking: present participle and gerund of boink
inform'd: simple past and past participle of inform
vanish'd: simple past and past participle of vanish
knobbled: simple past and past participle of knobble
inclin'd: simple past and past participle of incline
believ'd: simple past and past participle of believe
rebraids: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebraid
finish'd: simple past and past participle of finish
remain'd: simple past and past participle of remain
convey'd: simple past and past participle of convey
wander'd: simple past and past participle of wander
answer'd: simple past and past participle of answer
betray'd: simple past and past participle of betray
could'st: Obsolete form of couldst.
poohpooh: Alternative form of pooh-pooh
wonder'd: simple past and past participle of wonder
would'st: Obsolete form of wouldst.
gruffing: present participle and gerund of gruff
gather'd: simple past and past participle of gather
bring'st: Obsolete form of bringest.
think'st: Obsolete form of thinkest.
speak'st: Obsolete form of speakest.
sideslip: To perform, or place an aircraft in, a sideslip.
rodeoing: present participle and gerund of rodeo
dispells: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispell, Obsolete spelling of dispels
rezipped: simple past and past participle of rezip
saucered: simple past and past participle of saucer
worrited: simple past and past participle of worrit
rehooked: simple past and past participle of rehook
gundecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gundeck
undogged: simple past and past participle of undog
restuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of restuff
in-boxed: simple past and past participle of in-box
rollered: simple past and past participle of roller
rebolted: simple past and past participle of rebolt
recombed: simple past and past participle of recomb
whuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whuffle
whuffled: simple past and past participle of whuffle
unclamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclamp
dualling: present participle and gerund of dual
snitzing: present participle and gerund of snitz
talcumed: simple past and past participle of talcum
whoofing: present participle and gerund of whoof
loudened: simple past and past participle of louden
sirening: present participle and gerund of siren
resmooth: To make smooth again.
enshadow: To cover with a shadow.
halooing: present participle and gerund of haloo
minueted: simple past and past participle of minuet
sludging: present participle and gerund of sludge
engulphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of engulph
recobble: To cobble again.
woggling: present participle and gerund of woggle
respaced: simple past and past participle of respace
respaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of respace
crappify: To reduce the quality of; to make bad or inferior.
conceipt: Obsolete form of conceit.
degutted: simple past and past participle of degut
draggin': Pronunciation spelling of dragging.
changin': Pronunciation spelling of changing.
thinkin': Pronunciation spelling of thinking.
standin': Pronunciation spelling of standing.
round to: To turn the head of a ship toward the wind, especially in order to drop speed.
rulering: present participle and gerund of ruler
revector: To vector again or anew.
rewaters: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewater
out-slut: To exceed in sexual promiscuity or sexual provocativeness.
starvin': Pronunciation spelling of starving.
countin': Pronunciation spelling of counting.
fightin': Pronunciation spelling of fighting.
obleeged: simple past and past participle of obleege
carryin': Pronunciation spelling of carrying.
reracked: simple past and past participle of rerack
respokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of respoke
respoked: simple past and past participle of respoke
tally on: To man a rope for hauling, the men standing in a line or tail.
tally on: To dovetail together.
rough it: To endure hard living conditions; to live without ordinary comforts.
startin': Pronunciation spelling of starting.
breakin': Pronunciation spelling of breaking.
stickin': Pronunciation spelling of sticking.
plannin': Pronunciation spelling of planning.
worryin': Pronunciation spelling of worrying.
buildin': Pronunciation spelling of building.
throwin': Pronunciation spelling of throwing.
stealin': Pronunciation spelling of stealing.
stoppin': Pronunciation spelling of stopping.
overaged: simple past and past participle of overage
ill-uses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ill-use
ill-used: simple past and past participle of ill-use
state it: To assume state or dignity.
redonned: simple past and past participle of redon
jacknife: Misspelling of jackknife.
sardined: simple past and past participle of sardine
alieving: present participle and gerund of alieve
snaggled: simple past and past participle of snaggle
winkling: present participle and gerund of winkle
cuss out: To berate (someone or something) using profane language; to swear at (someone or something), especially at length.
over-awe: Alternative form of overawe
reaerate: To aerate again or anew.
funk out: To back out in a cowardly way; to chicken out.
funk out: To malfunction.
funk out: To rock out to funk music.
eat dirt: To submit in a meanly humble manner to insults; to eat humble pie.
tableted: simple past and past participle of tablet
refallen: past participle of refall
lackeyed: simple past and past participle of lackey
carry up: To convey or extend in an upward course or direction; to build.
carry up: To trace back.
pre-pone: Alternative form of prepone
redefeat: To defeat again.
pentuple: Synonym of quintuple: To multiply or be multiplied by five.
outmetal: To surpass (an enemy etc.) in terms of firepower.
outbrain: To exceed in mental ability; to be cleverer than.
auger in: To crash catastrophically into the ground.
threated: simple past and past participle of threat
e-mentor: To mentor (somebody) by electronic means, such as e-mail.
cocurate: To curate jointly.
unhexing: present participle and gerund of unhex
chivving: present participle and gerund of chiv
deconned: simple past and past participle of decon
culching: present participle and gerund of culch
detruded: simple past and past participle of detrude
embussed: simple past and past participle of embus
embusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of embus
fungates: third-person singular simple present indicative of fungate
immitted: simple past and past participle of immit
hotboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotbox
inmeshed: simple past and past participle of inmesh
take air: To be divulged; to be made public.
inmeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of inmesh
bear off: To gain; to carry off, as a prize.
bear off: To restrain; to keep from approaching.
bear off: To remove to a distance; to keep clear from rubbing against anything.
bear off: To remove one of one's own checkers from the board.
soodling: present participle and gerund of soodle
maunding: present participle and gerund of maund
onshored: simple past and past participle of onshore
onshores: third-person singular simple present indicative of onshore
onrushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of onrush
overfits: third-person singular simple present indicative of overfit
pabbling: present participle and gerund of pabble
pastimed: simple past and past participle of pastime
outturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outturn
preplans: third-person singular simple present indicative of preplan
respends: third-person singular simple present indicative of respend
remanned: simple past and past participle of reman
resailed: simple past and past participle of resail
scabbled: simple past and past participle of scabble
scabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of scabble
revetted: simple past and past participle of revet
schapped: simple past and past participle of schappe
shending: present participle and gerund of shend
snebbing: present participle and gerund of sneb
shlepped: simple past and past participle of shlep
shlepped: simple past and past participle of shlepp
steupsed: simple past and past participle of steups
stimying: present participle and gerund of stimy
strimmed: simple past and past participle of strim
sudating: present participle and gerund of sudate
stodging: present participle and gerund of stodge
stogging: present participle and gerund of stog
steupses: third-person singular simple present indicative of steups
unlaying: present participle and gerund of unlay
upbarred: simple past and past participle of upbar
unalters: third-person singular simple present indicative of unalter
tweedles: third-person singular simple present indicative of tweedle
uppiling: present participle and gerund of uppile
desysops: third-person singular simple present indicative of desysop
indeffed: simple past and past participle of indef
assailes: third-person singular simple present indicative of assaile
pow-wows: third-person singular simple present indicative of pow-wow
answeres: third-person singular simple present indicative of answere
unfoldes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfolde
recarpet: To replace the carpet of.
recarpet: To resurface (a road).
decrunch: To decompress (data) previously compressed by crunching.
reconded: simple past and past participle of recond
sherlock: Alternative letter-case form of Sherlock
highting: present participle and gerund of hight
polypile: To stack (items) so as to polymorph them into different items in a single turn.
debleats: third-person singular simple present indicative of debleat
labilise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of labilize.
labilize: To make or become labile (i.e. unstable).
forstaas: third-person singular simple present indicative of forstaa
forstaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of forstaw
forstood: simple past and past participle of forstand
forstaed: simple past and past participle of forsta
depuffed: simple past and past participle of depuff
redpoint: To free-climb (a route), while lead climbing, after having practiced the route beforehand.
rejacket: To cover (a book, etc.) with a new jacket.
helloing: present participle and gerund of hello
mistrack: To track incorrectly.
mitosing: present participle and gerund of mitose
thwapped: simple past and past participle of thwap
fafiated: simple past and past participle of fafiate
fafiates: third-person singular simple present indicative of fafiate
rebecame: simple past of rebecome
rebecome: To become again.
unslated: simple past and past participle of unslate
misnotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misnote
furtling: present participle and gerund of furtle
misnoted: simple past and past participle of misnote
lovelify: To make lovely.
scriking: present participle and gerund of scrike
garroted: simple past and past participle of garrote
bylining: present participle and gerund of byline
comraded: simple past and past participle of comrade
healthen: To add health to; make whole or healthy; strengthen
smoffing: present participle and gerund of smof
philtred: simple past and past participle of philtre
rouladed: simple past and past participle of roulade
selfying: present participle and gerund of selfie
ethnizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ethnize
ethnized: simple past and past participle of ethnize
reauthor: To author again or anew.
push out: To force (someone) to leave a group.
push out: To extrude.
softcode: To construct a program in a way which ensures that certain values and methods of operation are adjustable at run time.
zephyred: simple past and past participle of zephyr
forefelt: simple past and past participle of forefeel
meseemed: simple past and past participle of meseems
outspake: simple past of outspeak
overseal: To close with a seal at the top.
unharden: To soften.
plackard: Misspelling of placard.
presifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of presift
savescum: To reload the last saved game whenever the player character dies or an unfavorable outcome has been encountered.
determin: Obsolete form of determine.
seal off: To physically isolate an area or building for security reasons preventing passage of humans or vehicles.
ubicated: simple past and past participle of ubicate
ubicates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ubicate
croggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of croggle
sharting: present participle and gerund of shart
croggled: simple past and past participle of croggle
upsetted: simple past and past participle of upset
unbinded: simple past and past participle of unbind
peenting: present participle and gerund of peent
stallfed: simple past and past participle of stallfeed
screeing: present participle and gerund of scree
get wind: To be divulged; to become public.
reinvert: To invert again.
scruffed: simple past and past participle of scruff
egoscans: third-person singular simple present indicative of egoscan
die away: To die gradually or slowly.
die away: To diminish or wane; to cease gradually.
die away: To cause to die; to do away with.
galavant: Alternative form of gallivant
kinkling: present participle and gerund of kinkle
kiboshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kibosh
kiboshed: simple past and past participle of kibosh
kyboshed: simple past and past participle of kybosh
kyboshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kybosh
desynced: simple past and past participle of desync
reutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of reutter
resynchs: third-person singular simple present indicative of resynch
immuning: present participle and gerund of immune
desynchs: third-person singular simple present indicative of desynch
rompered: simple past and past participle of romper
behandle: To handle all about; take (up) in one's hands; care for; deal with; treat.
quicking: present participle and gerund of quick
desilked: simple past and past participle of desilk
illuding: present participle and gerund of illude
taboured: simple past and past participle of tabour
upspeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of upspeak
preadapt: To adapt in advance.
detreats: third-person singular simple present indicative of detreat
gastoned: simple past and past participle of gaston
manteled: simple past and past participle of mantel
lay back: To lie down on one's back; to lie back.
lay back: To relax, such as on vacation.
lay back: To make a short backward pass to a teammate in an attacking position.
outglare: To surpass or outdo in glaring.
redreams: third-person singular simple present indicative of redream
hongiing: present participle and gerund of hongi
promoing: present participle and gerund of promo
Croatize: to make or become Croatian, or more Croatian
Croatise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Croatize.
chromize: To chrome; to treat with chromium.
chromise: Alternative form of chromize
exactify: To make exact.
mimetize: To mimic
degloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of deglove
degloved: simple past and past participle of deglove
generify: To make generic.
resmudge: To smudge again.
aeriated: past of aeriate
aeriates: third-person singular simple present indicative of aeriate
get open: Of a player in a team sport, to evade defenders and thereby create a gap allowing another player to pass the ball to that player.
meteored: simple past and past participle of meteor
got open: simple past and past participle of get open
predials: third-person singular simple present indicative of predial
savagize: To make savage; to reduce to a state of savagery.
telishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of telish
gladened: simple past and past participle of gladen
partayed: simple past and past participle of partay
ballyrag: To harass, badger, taunt, or abuse verbally.
downcase: To convert (text) to lower case.
velcroed: simple past and past participle of velcro
glamming: present participle and gerund of glam
seckills: third-person singular simple present indicative of seckill
backstep: To take a step backwards
backstep: To return to a previous place or time.
backstep: To retract or take back.
backstep: To be arranged in steps going backwards.
backstep: To recede in an abrupt fashion due to marine transgression.
backstep: To finish a specification that was initially incomplete once enough progress has been made to know all the details.
bogotify: To make bogus, incorrect, or broken.
gooshing: present participle and gerund of goosh
overhunt: To hunt (an animal, a piece of land, etc.) too much.
chrooted: simple past and past participle of chroot
sabering: present participle and gerund of saber
skylined: simple past and past participle of skyline
gimbaled: simple past and past participle of gimbal
knicking: present participle and gerund of knick
retucked: simple past and past participle of retuck
uncrouch: To rise from a crouched position.
halaling: present participle and gerund of halal
synflood: To carry out an attack of this kind.
shooshed: simple past and past participle of shoosh
shooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shoosh
tapdance: Alternative form of tap-dance
easy-oar: To stop rowing.
unscared: simple past and past participle of unscare
snailing: present participle and gerund of snail
pimpling: present participle and gerund of pimple
pronging: present participle and gerund of prong
resining: present participle and gerund of resin
blonding: present participle and gerund of blond
blonding: present participle and gerund of blonde
performe: Obsolete spelling of perform
sperging: present participle and gerund of sperg
genocopy: To make such a copy
rehandle: To handle again.
chicking: present participle and gerund of chick
smaaking: present participle and gerund of smaak
spinlock: To use a spinlock.
was born: first/third-person singular simple past indicative of be born.
incroach: Archaic form of encroach.
mutexing: present participle and gerund of mutex
debloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of debloat
depacked: simple past and past participle of depack
stood by: simple past and past participle of stand by
runs hot: third-person singular simple present indicative of run hot
choaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of choak
unlimbed: simple past and past participle of unlimb
choakest: second-person singular simple present indicative of choak
updiving: present participle and gerund of updive
preplace: To place in advance.
perbreak: To vomit.
modulize: To divide into separate modules.
sluttify: To make slutty.
autowind: To wind on (the film in a camera) automatically.
shrithed: simple past and past participle of shrithe.
shrithes: third-person singular simple present indicative of shrithe
unforked: simple past and past participle of unfork
unberths: third-person singular simple present indicative of unberth
speering: present participle and gerund of speer
rabbling: present participle and gerund of rabble
bedipped: simple past and past participle of bedip
halalize: To make something halal.
resprung: simple past and past participle of respring
retruded: simple past and past participle of retrude
respring: To spring again.
respring: To restart SpringBoard on (a mobile device running iOS) without rebooting the device.
grigging: present participle and gerund of grig
windered: simple past and past participle of winder
piggling: present participle and gerund of piggle
reponing: present participle and gerund of repone
overlean: To lean over.
incested: simple past and past participle of incest
adminned: simple past and past participle of admin
fliering: present participle and gerund of flier
Shiitize: To make or become Shiite
rearrive: To arrive again.
haramize: To make (something) haram.
clitting: present participle and gerund of clit
eats ass: third-person singular simple present indicative of eat ass
eaten up: past participle of eat up
britting: present participle and gerund of brit
Quranize: To increase or expand society's familiarity with the Quran.
Koranize: Alternative form of Quranize
faunched: simple past and past participle of faunch
fawnched: simple past and past participle of fawnch
fauching: present participle and gerund of fauch
faunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of faunch
fawnches: third-person singular simple present indicative of fawnch
kegeling: present participle and gerund of kegel
pritched: simple past and past participle of pritch
yarovize: vernalize
namefags: third-person singular simple present indicative of namefag
hotplugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotplug
lazyload: To load (data) only at the point where it is needed.
destaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of destaff
manoever: Misspelling of manoeuvre. or maneuver
leaf out: To open its buds.
liven up: To improve a person's mood by making them more energetic
liven up: To become more happy, energetic or positive
relamped: simple past and past participle of relamp
remended: simple past and past participle of remend
bethrust: To thrust forth or about; thrust forward, toward, or out.
ate cunt: simple past of eat cunt
rewetted: simple past and past participle of rewet
Micawber: To be optimistic that "something will turn up", in the style of Wilkins Micawber.
jihadize: To increase the jihadistic nature of
congoing: Alternative form of congaing
kafirize: To make or become kafir.
kafirize: To accuse another person of being a heretic against Islam.
befinger: To finger all over.
reshrunk: past participle of reshrink
reshrank: simple past of reshrink
reshrink: To shrink again.
unshrank: simple past of unshrink
loved'th: Alternative form of lovedeth
loved'st: Alternative form of lovedst
lovedeth: alternative third-person singular past of love
lovedest: second-person singular simple past indicative of love
unshrink: To restore (something shrunken) to its original size.
beslurry: To soil; smear with mud or excrement; make dirty.
clothify: To give a cloth-like texture to.
restress: To stress again.
acrazing: present participle and gerund of acraze
adaunted: simple past and past participle of adaunt
affeeble: To enfeeble.
foreplan: To devise beforehand.
afforced: simple past and past participle of afforce
afformed: simple past and past participle of afform
afforces: third-person singular simple present indicative of afforce
foremove: To move beforehand; move in advance.
freeboot: To pillage or plunder.
freeboot: To rehost (online media) without legal authorization.
juarezed: simple past and past participle of juarez
forework: To work beforehand or in preparation for; make ready; prepare.
improven: past participle of improve
bemeaned: simple past and past participle of bemean ("to demean, lower, abase")
cathects: third-person singular simple present indicative of cathect
Sunnizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Sunnize
Sunnized: simple past and past participle of Sunnize
sunnizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sunnize
Sunnised: simple past and past participle of Sunnise
sunnized: simple past and past participle of sunnize
Sunnises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Sunnise
Shi'ized: simple past and past participle of Shi'ize
Shi'izes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Shi'ize
Sufizing: present participle and gerund of Sufize
Zionised: past participle of Zionise
Zionises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zionise
steaking: present participle and gerund of steak
shmeared: simple past and past participle of shmear
spiriten: To endue, enliven, or raise the spirit of; liven.
jihadise: To increase the jihadistic nature of
jihading: present participle and gerund of jihad
Sudanize: To make Sudanese.
Asianize: To make something, or someone, more Asian
Salafize: To make Salafi; to increase the Salafi character of.
Somalize: To make or become Somali.
shariafy: To implement sharia law in.
Buddhize: To make Buddhist; to increase the Buddhistic nature of.
connexed: simple past and past participle of connex
microing: present participle and gerund of micro
wheeples: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheeple
wheepled: simple past and past participle of wheeple
foresign: To sign in advance.
foresign: To signal beforehand; foreshadow.
Omanized: simple past and past participle of Omanize
halalify: To make halal.
Omanizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Omanize
Omanises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Omanise
Omanised: simple past and past participle of Omanise
Danifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of Danify
Danified: simple past and past participle of Danify
Danicise: Alternative spelling of Danicize.
Texasize: To make Texan.
takfired: simple past and past participle of takfir
foretest: To test beforehand or in advance.
foretest: To give evidence for beforehand or in advance.
destains: third-person singular simple present indicative of destain
foremade: simple past and past participle of foremake
Danicize: To make (more) Danish.
foremake: To make beforehand; make or create in advance; premake.
underman: To fail to provide with enough workers or crew.
stupored: simple past and past participle of stupor
foreload: To load beforehand or in advance.
sexplore: To explore sexually
autoland: To perform an autolanding.
cryobank: To store in such a biobank.
denaying: present participle and gerund of denay
Britpick: To review (a work of fiction intended to depict Britain or Britons) to ensure conformity to British English and accurate portrayal of British characters, settings, and culture.
foreseek: To seek beforehand; seek in advance.
woman up: To begin to behave responsibly, courageously, or both.
archaise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of archaize.
unemploy: To cause someone to become unemployed.
apahacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of apahack
unvoices: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvoice
Islamise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of Islamize.
endarted: simple past and past participle of endart
deleaded: simple past and past participle of delead
grotched: simple past and past participle of grotch
grotches: third-person singular simple present indicative of grotch
demorify: To make nonmoraic; to remove a mora from something.
minacked: simple past and past participle of minac
stablize: Misspelling of stabilize.
commited: Misspelling of committed.
befrozen: past participle of befreeze
befetter: To confine with fetters; restrain as if by fetters.
begalled: simple past and past participle of begall
befreeze: To freeze thoroughly or completely.
lit into: simple past and past participle of light into
jacks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of jack in
chinkled: simple past and past participle of chinkle
chinkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of chinkle
cry foul: To protest about something which appears to be unjust.
reexpand: To expand again.
bedights: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedight
pesoizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pesoize
pesoized: simple past and past participle of pesoize
retrades: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrade
retraded: simple past and past participle of retrade
hanafize: To convert to Hanafism
outskied: simple past and past participle of outski
relicked: simple past and past participle of relick
Qatarize: To make Qatari.
outbaked: simple past and past participle of outbake
outbakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbake
bebathed: simple past and past participle of bebathe
bebathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebathe
pig pile: To cause a group of people to lie in a pile upon another, originally as a punishment to the victim on the bottom.
pig pile: To jump into such a pile.
pig pile: To act similarly with regard to residential density: to live or cause to live in high-density settlements.
klaxoned: simple past and past participle of klaxon
monotask: To perform only one task at a time.
overpots: third-person singular simple present indicative of overpot
outslick: To be more slick than; to exceed in slickness.
underpot: To place (a plant) in too small a pot.
reintern: To intern again.
recanvas: To fit with new canvas.
rejumble: To jumble again.
rigidize: To make or become rigid.
upstayed: simple past and past participle of upstay
glittens: third-person singular simple present indicative of glitten
renegues: third-person singular simple present indicative of renegue
rivalize: To rival; to oppose or compete with.
reblazon: To blazon anew.
regauges: third-person singular simple present indicative of regauge
regauged: simple past and past participle of regauge
outshops: third-person singular simple present indicative of outshop
destools: third-person singular simple present indicative of destool
enstools: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstool
run deep: Synonym of go deep
run deep: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see run, deep.
drylined: simple past and past participle of dryline
drylines: third-person singular simple present indicative of dryline
reboiler: To equip with a new boiler.
parished: simple past and past participle of parish
resiting: present participle and gerund of resite
logs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of log out
binnered: simple past and past participle of binner
overfire: To create too large a fire in a fireplace, furnace, firebox, etc.
overfire: To fire at a high (or excessively high) temperature.
overfire: Of a cell or group of cells: to fire excessively.
resiphon: to siphon again or anew
abuts on: third-person singular simple present indicative of abut on
added on: simple past and past participle of add on
asks out: third-person singular simple present indicative of ask out
roars on: third-person singular simple present indicative of roar on
sized up: simple past and past participle of size up
sizes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of size up
hijabize: To adorn or cover with a hijab; to veil with hijab-like scarves.
creäting: present participle and gerund of creäte
unfloods: third-person singular simple present indicative of unflood
unteased: simple past and past participle of untease
begaumed: simple past and past participle of begaum
mommicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mommick
deheated: simple past and past participle of deheat
code mix: Alternative form of code-mix
code-mix: To code-switch.
longarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of longarm
unjumble: To sort or rearrange (a jumbled collection) into the right order.
vibe out: To lose oneself in music.
upbrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbring
foreheat: To heat beforehand or in advance.
retattoo: To tattoo again.
resubbed: simple past and past participle of resub
skooches: third-person singular simple present indicative of skooch
skooched: simple past and past participle of skooch
runneled: simple past and past participle of runnel
Gmailing: present participle and gerund of Gmail
byhearts: third-person singular simple present indicative of byheart
icing up: present participle and gerund of ice up
Hinduize: To convert to Hinduism
exudated: simple past and past participle of exudate
bonsaied: simple past and past participle of bonsai
subtweet: To post a message of this kind.
subtweet: To speak obliquely about (a person).
fibroses: third-person singular simple present indicative of fibrose
twaining: present participle and gerund of twain
refected: simple past and past participle of refect
deeching: present participle and gerund of deech
eldering: present participle and gerund of elder
foresave: To save (money or a person) beforehand or in advance.
dullened: simple past and past participle of dullen; dulled
downbows: third-person singular simple present indicative of downbow
freeruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of freerun
unarrest: To release (an arrested person) from custody.
brags on: third-person singular simple present indicative of brag on
stapping: present participle and gerund of stap
whoopeed: simple past and past participle of whoopee
whoopees: third-person singular simple present indicative of whoopee
deshells: third-person singular simple present indicative of deshell
destones: third-person singular simple present indicative of destone
destoned: simple past and past participle of destone
causates: third-person singular simple present indicative of causate
causated: simple past and past participle of causate
unbluing: present participle and gerund of unblue
yikkered: simple past and past participle of yikker
facefuck: To thrust one's penis into the mouth or throat of someone; to irrumate.
laagered: simple past and past participle of laager
beweapon: To furnish, fit, or supply with a weapon; arm.
outweird: To be more weird than; to surpass in strangeness.
stick at: To continue practising (a skill), even it is difficult
stay out: To spend time out of one's house.
stay out: To avoid going into somewhere.
stay out: To outstay; to stay longer than.
Judaised: simple past and past participle of Judaise
Judaises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Judaise
foresped: simple past and past participle of forespeed
safetied: simple past and past participle of safety
forelove: To love beforehand or in advance.
recammed: simple past and past participle of recam
Zolaized: simple past and past participle of Zolaize
Zolaizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zolaize
missigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of missign
squizzle: To squirt out.
squizzle: To cry easily.
squizzle: To choke; throttle.
ensiling: present participle and gerund of ensile
rebluing: present participle and gerund of reblue
oversoak: To soak for too long.
goozered: simple past and past participle of goozer
broodest: second-person singular simple present indicative of brood
broodeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brood
kruppize: To treat by, or subject to, the Krupp process.
plowters: third-person singular simple present indicative of plowter
petuning: present participle and gerund of petune
sodcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sodcast
infarces: third-person singular simple present indicative of infarce
enfacing: present participle and gerund of enface
overfawn: To fawn or flatter grossly or excessively.
overfare: To go over; pass; traverse.
bloomin': Pronunciation spelling of blooming.
crawlin': Pronunciation spelling of crawling.
steppin': Pronunciation spelling of stepping.
catchin': Pronunciation spelling of catching.
swimmin': Pronunciation spelling of swimming.
spendin': Pronunciation spelling of spending.
figurin': Pronunciation spelling of figuring.
droppin': Pronunciation spelling of dropping.
dreamin': Pronunciation spelling of dreaming.
checkin': Pronunciation spelling of checking.
courtin': Pronunciation spelling of courting.
studyin': Pronunciation spelling of studying.
spittin': Pronunciation spelling of spitting.
cleanin': Pronunciation spelling of cleaning.
crossin': Pronunciation spelling of crossing.
gamblin': Pronunciation spelling of gambling.
shoutin': Pronunciation spelling of shouting.
swingin': Pronunciation spelling of swinging.
offerin': Pronunciation spelling of offering.
slippin': Pronunciation spelling of slipping.
clap out: To clap to the rhythm of (a song).
clap out: To fail; to stop working.
clap out: In feng shui, to remove negative energy from (a space) by clapping.
bucklest: second-person singular simple present indicative of buckle
bruisest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bruise
exaltest: second-person singular simple present indicative of exalt
excitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of excite
enjoyest: second-person singular simple present indicative of enjoy
evincest: second-person singular simple present indicative of evince
enragest: second-person singular simple present indicative of enrage
dequeens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dequeen
schpritz: Alternative form of spritz
astatize: To render astatic.
faradize: To subject to faradization.
titupped: simple past and past participle of titup
fastpack: To run while carrying a backpack on a multi-day trail.
fastpack: To to backpacking with the goal of maximising the distance traveled every day.
reharled: simple past and past participle of reharl
schappes: third-person singular simple present indicative of schappe
sclaffed: simple past and past participle of sclaff
octupled: simple past and past participle of octuple
pewtered: simple past and past participle of pewter
trecking: present participle and gerund of treck
dayparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of daypart
infought: simple past and past participle of infight
infights: third-person singular simple present indicative of infight
lounders: third-person singular simple present indicative of lounder
sol-faed: simple past and past participle of sol-fa
coendure: Alternative form of co-endure
coendure: Alternative form of co-endure
moiréing: present participle and gerund of moiré
waddying: present participle and gerund of waddy
M'Naught: To increase the power of (a single-cylinder beam engine) by adding a small high-pressure cylinder with a piston acting on the beam between the centre and the flywheel end, using high-pressure steam and working as a compound engine.
dompting: present participle and gerund of dompt
flitched: simple past and past participle of flitch
meleeing: present participle and gerund of melee
foresing: To sing beforehand or in advance.
restream: To stream again or differently (in various senses).
scarcens: third-person singular simple present indicative of scarcen
chiaused: simple past and past participle of chiaus
fiercens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiercen
doodying: present participle and gerund of doody
frivoled: simple past and past participle of frivol
gallizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of gallize
gallized: simple past and past participle of gallize
madaming: present participle and gerund of madam
telneted: simple past and past participle of telnet
curetted: simple past and past participle of curette
clatched: simple past and past participle of clatch
clatches: third-person singular simple present indicative of clatch
crandall: To dress with a hammer of this kind.
parcened: simple past and past participle of parcen
re-forms: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-form
chowsing: present participle and gerund of chowse
rebaited: simple past and past participle of rebait
dosadoed: simple past and past participle of dosado
plouters: third-person singular simple present indicative of plouter
paulters: third-person singular simple present indicative of paulter
blicking: present participle and gerund of blick
skivvied: simple past and past participle of skivvy
reflying: present participle and gerund of refly
unassing: present participle and gerund of unass
bunkoing: present participle and gerund of bunko
scranned: simple past and past participle of scran
busheled: simple past and past participle of bushel
trippin': Pronunciation spelling of tripping.
grinnin': Pronunciation spelling of grinning.
enjoyin': Pronunciation spelling of enjoying.
creepin': Pronunciation spelling of creeping.
marchin': Pronunciation spelling of marching.
braggin': Pronunciation spelling of bragging.
swearin': Pronunciation spelling of swearing.
climbin': Pronunciation spelling of climbing.
guessin': Pronunciation spelling of guessing.
thievin': Pronunciation spelling of thieving.
floatin': Pronunciation spelling of floating.
trainin': Pronunciation spelling of training.
pointin': Pronunciation spelling of pointing.
smellin': Pronunciation spelling of smelling.
stirrin': Pronunciation spelling of stirring.
handlin': Pronunciation spelling of handling.
miaouled: simple past and past participle of miaoul
suberize: To effect suberization of.
meowling: present participle and gerund of meowl
quacketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of quack
dezinced: simple past and past participle of dezinc
arighted: simple past and past participle of aright
autokick: To kick (a user) from an IRC channel automatically.
reign in: Misspelling of rein in.
empested: simple past and past participle of empest
enherite: Obsolete form of inherit.
Scottify: To make Scottish.
chivaree: Alternative form of shivaree
mistouch: To touch inappropriately, wrongly or by mistake.
miaowled: simple past and past participle of miaowl
pork out: Synonym of pig out (“to eat greedily”)
pork out: Synonym of pork up (“to grow fat”)
inmantle: To inwrap in a mantle; enshroud.
adulting: present participle and gerund of adult
podcatch: To download and listen to a podcast.
podiumed: simple past and past participle of podium
gelating: present participle and gerund of gelate
palleted: simple past and past participle of pallet
lyricize: To make lyrical; to treat in a poetically sentimental or emotional manner.
lyricize: To provide lyrics for (an existing melody).
rightify: To put right; to rectify.
overpump: To pump excessively.
repulped: simple past and past participle of repulp
osmicate: To stain or impregnate with osmic acid.
hilloing: present participle and gerund of hillo
boodling: present participle and gerund of boodle
overshow: to show excessively or too much
assagais: third-person singular simple present indicative of assagai
obelises: third-person singular simple present indicative of obelise
silaging: present participle and gerund of silage
bangling: present participle and gerund of bangle
misweens: third-person singular simple present indicative of misween
quackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of quackle
repowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of repower
repoured: simple past and past participle of repour
overrose: simple past of overrise
wintling: present participle and gerund of wintle
overrise: To rise excessively.
wiredrew: simple past of wiredraw
unhaired: simple past and past participle of unhair
unplaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplace
unwaters: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwater
upclimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of upclimb
uncrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrown
jackroll: To rob or mug (a person).
jackroll: To perpetrate male gang rape against women (jackrolling).
upspoken: past participle of upspeak
uptrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptrain
nidified: simple past and past participle of nidify
varoomed: simple past and past participle of varoom
trackin': Pronunciation spelling of tracking.
spinnin': Pronunciation spelling of spinning.
sportin': Pronunciation spelling of sporting.
driftin': Pronunciation spelling of drifting.
becomin': Pronunciation spelling of becoming.
chargin': Pronunciation spelling of charging.
quittin': Pronunciation spelling of quitting.
stuffin': Pronunciation spelling of stuffing.
poundin': Pronunciation spelling of pounding.
trailin': Pronunciation spelling of trailing.
drippin': Pronunciation spelling of dripping.
shoppin': Pronunciation spelling of shopping.
screwin': Pronunciation spelling of screwing.
clearin': Pronunciation spelling of clearing.
settlin': Pronunciation spelling of settling.
flippin': Pronunciation spelling of flipping.
pringled: simple past and past participle of pringle
pringles: third-person singular simple present indicative of pringle
brassing: present participle and gerund of brass
paintin': Pronunciation spelling of painting.
rattlin': Pronunciation spelling of rattling.
trustin': Pronunciation spelling of trusting.
reachin': Pronunciation spelling of reaching.
soundin': Pronunciation spelling of sounding.
sniffin': Pronunciation spelling of sniffing.
blinkin': Pronunciation spelling of blinking.
thankin': Pronunciation spelling of thanking.
coverin': Pronunciation spelling of covering.
flappin': Pronunciation spelling of flapping.
fetchin': Pronunciation spelling of fetching.
scrapin': Pronunciation spelling of scraping.
pitchin': Pronunciation spelling of pitching.
stompin': Pronunciation spelling of stomping.
pressin': Pronunciation spelling of pressing.
sweepin': Pronunciation spelling of sweeping.
cruisin': Pronunciation spelling of cruising.
whoopin': Pronunciation spelling of whooping.
strikin': Pronunciation spelling of striking.
breedin': Pronunciation spelling of breeding.
snappin': Pronunciation spelling of snapping.
twistin': Pronunciation spelling of twisting.
noticin': Pronunciation spelling of noticing.
boardin': Pronunciation spelling of boarding.
groanin': Pronunciation spelling of groaning.
frownin': Pronunciation spelling of frowning.
lightin': Pronunciation spelling of lighting.
imposin': Pronunciation spelling of imposing.
hasslin': Pronunciation spelling of hassling.
floodin': Pronunciation spelling of flooding.
bleatin': Pronunciation spelling of bleating.
choppin': Pronunciation spelling of chopping.
battlin': Pronunciation spelling of battling.
nibblin': Pronunciation spelling of nibbling.
tacklin': Pronunciation spelling of tackling.
slashin': Pronunciation spelling of slashing.
whizzin': Pronunciation spelling of whizzing.
spottin': Pronunciation spelling of spotting.
scourin': Pronunciation spelling of scouring.
tumblin': Pronunciation spelling of tumbling.
rustlin': Pronunciation spelling of rustling.
rescuin': Pronunciation spelling of rescuing.
drownin': Pronunciation spelling of drowning.
swellin': Pronunciation spelling of swelling.
hauntin': Pronunciation spelling of haunting.
bouncin': Pronunciation spelling of bouncing.
spillin': Pronunciation spelling of spilling.
flashin': Pronunciation spelling of flashing.
fumblin': Pronunciation spelling of fumbling.
grievin': Pronunciation spelling of grieving.
scoutin': Pronunciation spelling of scouting.
coughin': Pronunciation spelling of coughing.
slappin': Pronunciation spelling of slapping.
chantin': Pronunciation spelling of chanting.
claimin': Pronunciation spelling of claiming.
'urrying: present participle and gerund of 'urry
uplaying: present participle and gerund of uplay
outburnt: simple past and past participle of outburn
outbarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbark
outcooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcook
outswims: third-person singular simple present indicative of outswim
outdwelt: simple past and past participle of outdwell
overkept: simple past and past participle of overkeep
outasked: simple past and past participle of outask
oversewn: past participle of oversew
oversews: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversew
overwore: simple past of overwear
outfawns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfawn
saw logs: To sleep.
saw logs: To snore loudly.
misloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of misload
unbrakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbrake
kaiaking: present participle and gerund of kaiak
kebobbed: simple past and past participle of kebob
kyanises: third-person singular simple present indicative of kyanise
unbraked: simple past and past participle of unbrake
quighted: simple past and past participle of quight
kyanised: simple past and past participle of kyanise
kyanizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kyanize
quetches: third-person singular simple present indicative of quetch
kraaling: present participle and gerund of kraal
quitched: simple past and past participle of quitch
quitches: third-person singular simple present indicative of quitch
drossing: present participle and gerund of dross
obeahing: present participle and gerund of obeah
outstudy: To surpass in studying.
outcount: To surpass in counting; to count higher than.
outkills: third-person singular simple present indicative of outkill
outspelt: simple past and past participle of outspell
overeyed: simple past and past participle of overeye
overeyes: third-person singular simple present indicative of overeye
phubbing: present participle and gerund of phub
rerepeat: To repeat again.
reattack: To attack (something) again.
marryin': Pronunciation spelling of marrying.
prowlin': Pronunciation spelling of prowling.
mournin': Pronunciation spelling of mourning.
hustlin': Pronunciation spelling of hustling.
thumpin': Pronunciation spelling of thumping.
trottin': Pronunciation spelling of trotting.
snortin': Pronunciation spelling of snorting.
waterin': Pronunciation spelling of watering.
crowdin': Pronunciation spelling of crowding.
trampin': Pronunciation spelling of tramping.
shuttin': Pronunciation spelling of shutting.
behavin': Pronunciation spelling of behaving.
orderin': Pronunciation spelling of ordering.
accusin': Pronunciation spelling of accusing.
growlin': Pronunciation spelling of growling.
rearises: third-person singular simple present indicative of rearise
rearisen: past participle of rearise
lyricise: Alternative form of lyricize
keelhale: Obsolete form of keelhaul.
bleching: present participle and gerund of blech
queerize: To make queer (homosexual, transgender, etc.); to queer.
iconises: third-person singular simple present indicative of iconise
immewing: present participle and gerund of immew
iconised: simple past and past participle of iconise
inlocked: simple past and past participle of inlock
inhooped: simple past and past participle of inhoop
immixing: present participle and gerund of immix
inorbing: present participle and gerund of inorb
inearths: third-person singular simple present indicative of inearth
insetted: simple past and past participle of inset
intwists: third-person singular simple present indicative of intwist
inworked: simple past and past participle of inwork
gasfaced: simple past and past participle of gasface
upswayed: simple past and past participle of upsway
uphoists: third-person singular simple present indicative of uphoist
uplocked: simple past and past participle of uplock
upstared: simple past and past participle of upstare
uprouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of uprouse
uptossed: simple past and past participle of uptoss
gasfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of gasface
uproused: simple past and past participle of uprouse
upstares: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstare
uplooked: simple past and past participle of uplook
upstands: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstand
uptosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptoss
overgets: third-person singular simple present indicative of overget
uptaking: present participle and gerund of uptake
openhand: To hit with an open hand.
openhand: To be openhanded.
fruit up: To become full of fruit, seeds, or spores.
fruit up: To add fruit; To adorn or embellish with fruit.
fruit up: To grope a young boy.
nidating: present participle and gerund of nidate
coscript: To write (a script) together with someone
restreet: To convert a pedestrian mall back for use by automobiles.
reslants: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslant
resalted: simple past and past participle of resalt
galivant: Alternative form of gallivant
gavotted: simple past and past participle of gavotte
gemmates: third-person singular simple present indicative of gemmate
glenting: present participle and gerund of glent
graithed: simple past and past participle of graith
gleeting: present participle and gerund of gleet
grubbled: simple past and past participle of grubble
grubbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of grubble
grutched: simple past and past participle of grutch
gulching: present participle and gerund of gulch
grutches: third-person singular simple present indicative of grutch
forelays: third-person singular simple present indicative of forelay
gruntles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gruntle
halloaed: simple past and past participle of halloa
hanseled: simple past and past participle of hansel
hartened: simple past and past participle of harten
healding: present participle and gerund of heald
forelent: simple past and past participle of forelend
hepatise: Alternative form of hepatize
hennaing: present participle and gerund of henna
hoorahed: simple past and past participle of hoorah
hoasting: present participle and gerund of hoast
hulloing: present participle and gerund of hullo
hurraing: present participle and gerund of hurra
huswifed: simple past and past participle of huswife
reshaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshave
reshaved: simple past and past participle of reshave
reshaven: past participle of reshave
racemise: Alternative form of racemize
hobdayed: simple past and past participle of hobday
rattened: simple past and past participle of ratten
reallots: third-person singular simple present indicative of reallot
readvise: To advise again.
redipped: simple past and past participle of redip
redreamt: simple past and past participle of redream
refilmed: simple past and past participle of refilm
recodify: To codify again or anew.
redistil: Alternative form of redistill
refilter: To filter again.
recharts: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechart
reharden: To harden again.
reinfuse: To infuse again.
rembling: present participle and gerund of remble
reloaned: simple past and past participle of reloan
renotify: To notify again.
reparked: simple past and past participle of repark
reprimed: simple past and past participle of reprime
repumped: simple past and past participle of repump
repledge: To pledge again.
repledge: To demand the presence of an offender accused before another tribunal, on the ground that the alleged offence was committed within the repledger's jurisdiction.
repursue: To pursue again.
reoutfit: To outfit again.
redevise: To devise again.
rerailed: simple past and past participle of rerail
reoiling: present participle and gerund of reoil
resplice: To splice again.
repolled: simple past and past participle of repoll
restokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of restoke
rerevise: To revise again.
reremind: To remind again.
resprang: simple past of respring
restoked: simple past and past participle of restoke
resketch: To sketch again.
retackle: To tackle again.
retinted: simple past and past participle of retint
rewakens: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewaken
resinise: Alternative form of resinize
rewelded: simple past and past participle of reweld
rhumbaed: simple past and past participle of rhumba
rewidens: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewiden
reinvoke: To invoke again.
royalise: Alternative form of royalize
rigidise: Alternative form of rigidize
attrists: third-person singular simple present indicative of attrist
aumailed: simple past and past participle of aumail
aretting: present participle and gerund of aret
attasked: simple past and past participle of attask
astarted: simple past and past participle of astart
atmolyse: To perform atmolysis on.
outhomer: To score more home runs than another player.
fankling: present participle and gerund of fankle
fabulise: Alternative form of fabulize
faradise: Alternative form of faradize
flackers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flacker
flamming: present participle and gerund of flam
foresays: third-person singular simple present indicative of foresay
forlends: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlend
forpined: simple past and past participle of forpine
forpines: third-person singular simple present indicative of forpine
forhowed: simple past and past participle of forhow
forslows: third-person singular simple present indicative of forslow
fratched: simple past and past participle of fratch
foulders: third-person singular simple present indicative of foulder
forwarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of forwarn
frumpled: simple past and past participle of frumple
frumping: present participle and gerund of frump
fratches: third-person singular simple present indicative of fratch
frumples: third-person singular simple present indicative of frumple
defibers: third-person singular simple present indicative of defiber
exponing: present participle and gerund of expone
postpend: To append at the end of a text string.
modering: present participle and gerund of moder
mailgram: To send by mailgram.
mailgram: To send a mailgram to.
mislying: present participle and gerund of mislie
misknown: past participle of misknow
misgrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of misgrow
mislucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of misluck
misknows: third-person singular simple present indicative of misknow
mismakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismake
miskeyed: simple past and past participle of miskey
mismoved: simple past and past participle of mismove
mistling: present participle and gerund of mistle
muniting: present participle and gerund of munite
mythised: simple past and past participle of mythise
mythises: third-person singular simple present indicative of mythise
mispacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispack
missteer: To steer badly or wrongly.
misspace: To space badly or incorrectly.
mismoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismove
misfalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfall
ebonised: simple past and past participle of ebonise
eclosing: present participle and gerund of eclose
ebonises: third-person singular simple present indicative of ebonise
efforced: simple past and past participle of efforce
egotised: simple past and past participle of egotise
egotises: third-person singular simple present indicative of egotise
eloining: present participle and gerund of eloin
elegises: third-person singular simple present indicative of elegise
elegised: simple past and past participle of elegise
embusies: third-person singular simple present indicative of embusy
embusied: simple past and past participle of embusy
emplaned: simple past and past participle of emplane
emplanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplane
emulging: present participle and gerund of emulge
enchafes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enchafe
enchafed: simple past and past participle of enchafe
enditing: present participle and gerund of endite
enerving: present participle and gerund of enerve
engirded: simple past and past participle of engird
tonicify: To increase the tonicity of a solution
enhaloes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enhalo
enlocked: simple past and past participle of enlock
enisling: present participle and gerund of enisle
enseared: simple past and past participle of ensear
entaming: present participle and gerund of entame
envaults: third-person singular simple present indicative of envault
enwheels: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwheel
entwists: third-person singular simple present indicative of entwist
eternise: Alternative form of eternize
mismodel: To incorrectly model.
evitates: third-person singular simple present indicative of evitate
evocates: third-person singular simple present indicative of evocate
evitated: simple past and past participle of evitate
exciding: present participle and gerund of excide
misfared: simple past and past participle of misfare
misedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of misedit
misfares: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfare
mismarry: To get married to an unsuitable person.
eyeleted: simple past and past participle of eyelet
misdrawn: past participle of misdraw
misclass: To class incorrectly.
misaward: To award incorrectly or inappropriately.
misdiets: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdiet
miscodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscode
misdraws: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdraw
misadded: simple past and past participle of misadd
misbills: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbill
beproses: third-person singular simple present indicative of beprose
beprosed: simple past and past participle of beprose
beseeing: present participle and gerund of besee
beshames: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshame
beshines: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshine
beshouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshout
besmiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of besmile
beshamed: simple past and past participle of beshame
besmiled: simple past and past participle of besmile
besorted: simple past and past participle of besort
bespeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespeed
bespouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespout
bespices: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespice
bethumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bethumb
bestains: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestain
bestorms: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestorm
bethumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bethump
betiming: present participle and gerund of betime
betosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of betoss
betoiled: simple past and past participle of betoil
bestills: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestill
betreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of betread
bethanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bethank
bewetted: simple past and past participle of bewet
bevomits: third-person singular simple present indicative of bevomit
bewhores: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewhore
bewhored: simple past and past participle of bewhore
bielding: present participle and gerund of bield
besmokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of besmoke
blinning: present participle and gerund of blin
bolloxed: simple past and past participle of bollox
briskens: third-person singular simple present indicative of brisken
boulting: present participle and gerund of boult
comedize: To make into a comedy.
officing: present participle and gerund of office
mindread: To read someone's mind.
taboggan: Dated form of toboggan.
blowbang: To participate in a blowbang.
self-pub: Synonym of self-publish
selfpubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of selfpub
trad pub: Synonym of trad-pub
tradpubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of tradpub
trad-pub: To publish a work via a third-party publishing company, or traditional publisher.
thigging: present participle and gerund of thig
tiffined: simple past and past participle of tiffin
tincting: present participle and gerund of tinct
treddled: simple past and past participle of treddle
treddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of treddle
trindled: simple past and past participle of trindle
trindles: third-person singular simple present indicative of trindle
uphanded: simple past and past participle of uphand
tutorise: Alternative form of tutorize
malahack: To cut up awkwardly.
shook it: simple past of shake it
blackify: To convert (e.g. a country, a group, etc) to the black race or culture.
reswells: third-person singular simple present indicative of reswell
misdrove: simple past of misdrive
misdrive: To drive badly or wrongly.
wenchest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wench
eaten it: past participle of eat it
debelled: simple past and past participle of debel
debussed: simple past and past participle of debus
debusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of debus
delapses: third-person singular simple present indicative of delapse
degusted: simple past and past participle of degust
demasted: simple past and past participle of demast
demerses: third-person singular simple present indicative of demerse
dindling: present participle and gerund of dindle
diddered: simple past and past participle of didder
discased: simple past and past participle of discase
disjects: third-person singular simple present indicative of disject
dispaced: simple past and past participle of dispace
displing: present participle and gerund of disple
dizening: present participle and gerund of dizen
dispaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of dispace
drailing: present participle and gerund of drail
droiling: present participle and gerund of droil
drumbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of drumble
fiending: present participle and gerund of fiend
dunshing: present participle and gerund of dunsh
disclost: simple past and past participle of disclose
prenamed: simple past and past participle of prename
papalise: Alternative form of papalize
pectises: third-person singular simple present indicative of pectise
peptises: third-person singular simple present indicative of peptise
peptised: simple past and past participle of peptise
peptized: simple past and past participle of peptize
pectised: simple past and past participle of pectise
peptizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of peptize
disseise: Alternative spelling of disseize.
pheezing: present participle and gerund of pheeze
phutting: present participle and gerund of phut
piaffing: present participle and gerund of piaffe
piecened: simple past and past participle of piecen
gumshoed: simple past and past participle of gumshoe
reenroll: To enroll again
overedit: To edit something too much.
plimming: present participle and gerund of plim
pluffing: present participle and gerund of pluff
poetises: third-person singular simple present indicative of poetise
poetised: simple past and past participle of poetise
polemise: Alternative form of polemize
preasing: present participle and gerund of prease
prissing: present participle and gerund of priss
prolated: simple past and past participle of prolate
fall due: To reach its due date for payment, or repayment.
fall due: To reach the date for renewal.
prouling: present participle and gerund of proul
provines: third-person singular simple present indicative of provine
ptyalise: Alternative form of ptyalize
prebills: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebill
precheck: To check in advance.
pyritise: Alternative form of pyritize
preadmit: To admit, or allow to enter, in advance.
hemolyze: To subject to hemolysis.
preasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of preasse
prevised: simple past and past participle of previse
engifted: simple past and past participle of engift
limpened: simple past and past participle of limpen
preassed: simple past and past participle of preasse
face-sat: simple past and past participle of face-sit
face-sit: To sit on a sexual partner’s face in order to receive cunnilingus or anilingus.
Cubanize: To make Cuban.
chaunced: simple past and past participle of chaunce
chaunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of chaunge
chaunged: simple past and past participle of chaunge
chyacked: simple past and past participle of chyack
epoching: present participle and gerund of epoch
clecking: present participle and gerund of cleck
dogs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog out
tops off: third-person singular simple present indicative of top off
cloaming: present participle and gerund of cloam
clouring: present participle and gerund of clour
coattend: To attend together.
coapting: present participle and gerund of coapt
coexerts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coexert
coggling: present participle and gerund of coggle
WhatsApp: To contact via WhatsApp.
WhatsApp: To send via WhatsApp.
coinvent: To invent jointly.
concrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of concrew
eats out: third-person singular simple present indicative of eat out
limboing: present participle and gerund of limbo
deadname: To refer to someone (especially a transgender person) who has changed names by a previous name.
congeing: present participle and gerund of conge
congreed: simple past and past participle of congree
congrued: simple past and past participle of congrue
congrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of congree
convived: simple past and past participle of convive
countrol: Obsolete form of control.
craaling: present participle and gerund of craal
cranched: simple past and past participle of cranch
cranches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cranch
cratched: simple past and past participle of cratch
b-boying: present participle and gerund of b-boy
creesing: present participle and gerund of creese
crimples: third-person singular simple present indicative of crimple
crunkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crunkle
cratches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cratch
cupeling: present participle and gerund of cupel
curarise: Alternative form of curarize
cyanized: simple past and past participle of cyanize
cutinise: Alternative form of cutinize
cyanizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cyanize
cyanises: third-person singular simple present indicative of cyanise
cyanised: simple past and past participle of cyanise
cyanided: simple past and past participle of cyanide
crunkled: simple past and past participle of crunkle
deyolked: simple past and past participle of deyolk
handline: To fish with a single fishing line held in the hands.
clackets: third-person singular simple present indicative of clacket
zhushing: present participle and gerund of zhush
saltates: third-person singular simple present indicative of saltate
stanging: present participle and gerund of stang
starkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of starken
stobbing: present participle and gerund of stob
stoutens: third-person singular simple present indicative of stouten
stooring: present participle and gerund of stoor
straking: present participle and gerund of strake
streeled: simple past and past participle of streel
sturting: present participle and gerund of sturt
subcools: third-person singular simple present indicative of subcool
suberise: Alternative form of suberize
subdewed: simple past and past participle of subdew
summates: third-person singular simple present indicative of summate
stooging: present participle and gerund of stooge
fell ill: simple past of fall ill
surbates: third-person singular simple present indicative of surbate
swarfing: present participle and gerund of swarf
swarving: present participle and gerund of swarve
surbated: simple past and past participle of surbate
scarphed: simple past and past participle of scarph
toxifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of toxify
toxified: simple past and past participle of toxify
embolize: To perform an embolization.
bedshare: To use a bed with at least one other person.
scoursed: simple past and past participle of scourse
scorsing: present participle and gerund of scorse
scrabbed: simple past and past participle of scrab
scourses: third-person singular simple present indicative of scourse
schmeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of schmeer
brownify: To make or become more brown.
brownify: To cause to contain more racially 'brown' people, elements, or culture.
brownify: To make or become more brown.
brownify: To become brown due to increased levels of humic material.
brownify: To make or become more brown.
scumbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of scumber
scurring: present participle and gerund of scur
scugging: present participle and gerund of scug
secerned: simple past and past participle of secern
retweaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of retweak
shooling: present participle and gerund of shool
shmooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of shmoose
shmoosed: simple past and past participle of shmoose
shogging: present participle and gerund of shog
similise: Alternative form of similize
sirenise: Alternative form of sirenize
skugging: present participle and gerund of skug
slooshed: simple past and past participle of sloosh
slooshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sloosh
smeethed: simple past and past participle of smeeth
smooring: present participle and gerund of smoor
snarring: present participle and gerund of snar
smithied: simple past and past participle of smithy
snedding: present participle and gerund of sned
snathing: present participle and gerund of snathe
sneading: present participle and gerund of snead
snifting: present participle and gerund of snift
soberise: Alternative form of soberize
smickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of smicker
snirtles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snirtle
snirtled: simple past and past participle of snirtle
smugging: present participle and gerund of smug
solecise: Alternative form of solecize
sororise: Alternative form of sororize
uplisted: simple past and past participle of uplist
sowthing: present participle and gerund of sowth
youthify: To make youthful.
spersing: present participle and gerund of sperse
squailed: simple past and past participle of squail
spetting: present participle and gerund of spet
reassort: To assort again
previsit: To visit beforehand.
coptered: simple past and past participle of copter
flipples: third-person singular simple present indicative of flipple
flippled: simple past and past participle of flipple
sirpling: present participle and gerund of sirple
bingoing: present participle and gerund of bingo
coadapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coadapt
repeeled: simple past and past participle of repeel
bioerode: To cause to undergo bioerosion.
bioerode: To undergo bioerosion.
emblooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of embloom
emerying: present participle and gerund of emery
renovict: To evict (a tenant) on the grounds that a large-scale renovation is planned.
ensweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensweep
disembed: To remove (something) from what it is embedded in.
jauncing: present participle and gerund of jaunce
juttying: present participle and gerund of jutty
jumboise: Alternative form of jumboize
postered: simple past and past participle of poster
kreasote: Archaic form of creosote.
upcoding: present participle and gerund of upcode
inbrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbring
ingulphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of ingulph
infamise: Alternative form of infamize
iridised: simple past and past participle of iridise
iridises: third-person singular simple present indicative of iridise
inweaved: simple past and past participle of inweave
gutshoot: Alternative form of gut-shoot
inveagle: Obsolete form of inveigle.
insheath: Archaic form of ensheathe.
gut shot: simple past and past participle of gut shoot
gut-shot: simple past and past participle of gut-shoot
missells: third-person singular simple present indicative of missell
nodalise: Alternative form of nodalize
nomadise: Alternative form of nomadize
took for: simple past of take for
misstart: To start badly or wrongly.
misstops: third-person singular simple present indicative of misstop
misfalne: past participle of misfall
glipping: present participle and gerund of glip
zizzling: present participle and gerund of zizzle
roofying: present participle and gerund of roofie
rebriefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebrief
Romanise: Alternative form of romanize
deroofed: simple past and past participle of deroof
misacted: simple past and past participle of misact
salvoing: present participle and gerund of salvo
prewarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of prewarm
scavaged: simple past and past participle of scavage
schmoose: Alternative spelling of schmooze
silanise: Alternative form of silanize
sworn in: past participle of swear in
swore in: simple past of swear in
unioning: present participle and gerund of union
trespast: simple past and past participle of trespass
morrowed: simple past and past participle of morrow
Segwayed: simple past and past participle of Segway
misrefer: To refer incorrectly.
misdempt: simple past and past participle of misdeem
misstyle: To style or name incorrectly.
boobfeed: To breastfeed.
topdecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of topdeck
diarying: present participle and gerund of diary
redetain: To detain again.
minorize: To be or become a lower bound
dedusted: simple past and past participle of dedust
deashing: present participle and gerund of deash
coinfect: To infect jointly.
misdonne: past participle of misdo
wappered: simple past and past participle of wapper
wheeched: simple past and past participle of wheech
whemmles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whemmle
whemmled: simple past and past participle of whemmle
whidding: present participle and gerund of whid
wooshing: present participle and gerund of woosh
trillest: second-person singular simple present indicative of trill
quaering: present participle and gerund of quaere
quelches: third-person singular simple present indicative of quelch
quelched: simple past and past participle of quelch
quizzify: To chaff or mock; to tease.
indrench: To sink or immerse; to steep.
inpoured: simple past and past participle of inpour
unheling: present participle and gerund of unhele
unquiets: third-person singular simple present indicative of unquiet
upcheard: Obsolete form of upcheered.
upbrayed: simple past and past participle of upbray
postedit: To edit and refine (a computer-generated translation of a text).
prechill: To chill in advance.
unsashed: simple past and past participle of unsash
voudoued: simple past and past participle of voudou
vowelise: Alternative form of vowelize
lallates: third-person singular simple present indicative of lallate
lallated: simple past and past participle of lallate
keyholed: simple past and past participle of keyhole
redraped: simple past and past participle of redrape
redrapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrape
fanboyed: simple past and past participle of fanboy
despeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of despeed
denoises: third-person singular simple present indicative of denoise
Graecize: Alternative form of Grecize
delivred: simple past and past participle of delivre
triptrap: Alternative form of trip-trap
ghillied: simple past and past participle of ghillie
ghasting: present participle and gerund of ghast
alienise: Britain standard spelling of alienize.
panfries: third-person singular simple present indicative of panfry
gillying: present participle and gerund of gillie
alienize: To render (something or someone) alien
persuing: present participle and gerund of persue
pawawing: present participle and gerund of pawaw
pogromed: simple past and past participle of pogrom
polemize: To attack in speech or writing.
plumpens: third-person singular simple present indicative of plumpen
pursewed: simple past and past participle of pursew
powwawed: simple past and past participle of powwaw
poursews: third-person singular simple present indicative of poursew
poursued: simple past and past participle of poursue
poursues: third-person singular simple present indicative of poursue
poysoned: simple past and past participle of poyson
reaccent: To accent again.
reaccede: To accede again.
rampauge: Obsolete form of rampage.
rearouse: To arouse again.
reavails: third-person singular simple present indicative of reavail
reavowed: simple past and past participle of reavow
reblends: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblend
redefied: simple past and past participle of redefy
redefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of redefy
redamage: To damage again.
reculing: present participle and gerund of recule
reskewed: simple past and past participle of reskew
reslated: simple past and past participle of reslate
reslates: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslate
reskuing: present participle and gerund of reskue
finitize: To make finite.
rebarred: simple past and past participle of rebar
ballsing: present participle and gerund of balls
redetach: To detach again.
resuture: To suture again.
rebinned: simple past and past participle of rebin
sperming: present participle and gerund of sperm
misfocus: To focus badly or wrongly.
missuits: third-person singular simple present indicative of missuit
impocket: To place into a pocket.
spoilin': Pronunciation spelling of spoiling.
hurryin': Pronunciation spelling of hurrying.
meddlin': Pronunciation spelling of meddling.
lairised: simple past and past participle of lairise
lairises: third-person singular simple present indicative of lairise
lemoning: present participle and gerund of lemon
lithoing: present participle and gerund of litho
balls on: To blather.
speedies: third-person singular simple present indicative of speedy
speedied: simple past and past participle of speedy
smoltify: To undergo smoltification.
esterize: To esterify; to convert into an ester.
biotests: third-person singular simple present indicative of biotest
tolerise: Alternative form of tolerize
de-adapt: Alternative form of deadapt
re-adapt: Alternative form of readapt
deadapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of deadapt
recement: to cover, fill or attach with cement again
demasked: simple past and past participle of demask
consarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of consarn
zig-zags: third-person singular simple present indicative of zig-zag
withsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of withset
whoosted: simple past and past participle of whoost
whemmels: third-person singular simple present indicative of whemmel
forshuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of forshut
mis-hits: third-person singular simple present indicative of mis-hit
Heimlich: To perform the Heimlich maneuver (on).
coappear: To appear together.
brumates: third-person singular simple present indicative of brumate
shippin': Pronunciation spelling of shipping.
steerin': Pronunciation spelling of steering.
trimmin': Pronunciation spelling of trimming.
spoutin': Pronunciation spelling of spouting.
knittin': Pronunciation spelling of knitting.
choosin': Pronunciation spelling of choosing.
prancin': Pronunciation spelling of prancing.
hitchin': Pronunciation spelling of hitching.
roastin': Pronunciation spelling of roasting.
skinnin': Pronunciation spelling of skinning.
birthin': Pronunciation spelling of birthing.
fiddlin': Pronunciation spelling of fiddling.
pleasin': Pronunciation spelling of pleasing.
cheerin': Pronunciation spelling of cheering.
smashin': Pronunciation spelling of smashing.
destring: to remove hard fibers or strings from something soft
destring: to convert a variable that is of a string type to some other, usually numeric data type
reunlock: To unlock again.
plays on: third-person singular simple present indicative of play on
pours in: third-person singular simple present indicative of pour in
repilots: third-person singular simple present indicative of repilot
hutch up: To move slightly (sideways), in order to make room for someone; for example to move in a bed to make room for someone else to lie, or to move sideways on on a seat so as to allow someone room to sit and share that same seat.
hutch up: To share a house or flat with another person, especially due to high rents.
hutch up: To put on a more heterosexual manner, in order to be integrated or accepted; compare ‘butch’.
took off: simple past of take off
scuzz up: to ruin
scuzz up: to become ruined
excessed: simple past and past participle of excess
crabwalk: To perform a crabwalk
crabwalk: To walk like a crab
russeted: simple past and past participle of russet
rides up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ride up
rereturn: To return (to something) again.
appoynts: third-person singular simple present indicative of appoynt
skeeving: present participle and gerund of skeeve
unfrying: present participle and gerund of unfry
overmark: To place a mark or marking above.
cotreats: third-person singular simple present indicative of cotreat
re-swear: Alternative spelling of reswear
re-swore: simple past of re-swear
re-sworn: past participle of re-swear
sextates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sextate
sextated: simple past and past participle of sextate
thwonked: simple past and past participle of thwonk
confited: simple past and past participle of confit
crozzled: simple past and past participle of crozzle
refouled: simple past and past participle of refoul
o'erload: Contraction of overload.
o'erlook: Contraction of overlook.
shit out: To produce (something of very inferior quality).
shit out: To give birth.
answerde: Obsolete spelling of answered; past of answer
heave to: To cause (one's vessel) to become dead in the water by pointing the bows directly towards the wind.
heave to: To come to a halt.
shuts-up: third-person singular simple present indicative of shut-up
overring: To register too large an amount on a cash register, either accidentally or fraudulently.
danglin': Pronunciation spelling of dangling.
swarmin': Pronunciation spelling of swarming.
truckin': Pronunciation spelling of trucking.
mumblin': Pronunciation spelling of mumbling.
slammin': Pronunciation spelling of slamming.
awaitin': Pronunciation spelling of awaiting.
temptin': Pronunciation spelling of tempting.
blastin': Pronunciation spelling of blasting.
sparkin': Pronunciation spelling of spark.
trappin': Pronunciation spelling of trapping.
grindin': Pronunciation spelling of grinding.
offlines: third-person singular simple present indicative of offline
offlined: simple past and past participle of offline
reslices: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslice
karstify: To undergo karstification.
karstify: To subject to karstification.
hulk off: To leave or walk away, especially in an angry or enraged manner, and said especially of large and physically imposing persons or objects.
hulk out: To become enraged in an imposing or intimidating manner.
hulk out: To gain significant muscle mass from exercise.
blinkled: simple past and past participle of blinkle
blissoms: third-person singular simple present indicative of blissom
wristing: present participle and gerund of wrist
guttates: third-person singular simple present indicative of guttate
uncaking: present participle and gerund of uncake
unbended: simple past and past participle of unbend
undights: third-person singular simple present indicative of undight
unjoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjoint
untidies: third-person singular simple present indicative of untidy
undertax: To levy too little tax upon.
upmaking: present participle and gerund of upmake
preslice: To slice in advance.
halalled: simple past and past participle of halal
hallaled: simple past and past participle of hallal
hamboned: simple past and past participle of hambone
Fing off: present participle and gerund of F off
effs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of eff off
wurships: third-person singular simple present indicative of wurship
reenrols: third-person singular simple present indicative of reenrol
logicise: Alternative form of logicize
steps to: third-person singular simple present indicative of step to
yeehawed: simple past and past participle of yeehaw
joins in: third-person singular simple present indicative of join in
filmsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of filmset
pikeying: present participle and gerund of pikey
eye roll: Alternative form of eye-roll
eye-roll: To perform an eye-roll, or to express exasperation, disbelief or frustration through an eye-roll.
oomphing: present participle and gerund of oomph
precolor: To color beforehand.
ochreing: present participle and gerund of ochre
adonised: simple past and past participle of adonise
Adonizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Adonize
Adonised: simple past and past participle of Adonise
Adonized: simple past and past participle of Adonize
buffling: present participle and gerund of buffle
adonises: third-person singular simple present indicative of adonise
piles on: third-person singular simple present indicative of pile on
rolls on: third-person singular simple present indicative of roll on
piled on: simple past and past participle of pile on
creatify: To render more creative; to creativize.
scope in: To look through the scope of a rifle.
jonesin': Alternative spelling of jonesing
jonezing: Alternative spelling of jonesing
turn two: To reach the age of two years.
turn two: To complete a double play.
jonezin': Alternative spelling of jonesing
precised: simple past and past participle of precise
precised: Alternative form of précised; simple past and past participle of precis
buzzling: present participle and gerund of buzzle
subdrain: To drain below the surface.
stuck to: simple past and past participle of stick to
campling: present participle and gerund of cample
caracols: third-person singular simple present indicative of caracol
dry-labs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dry-lab
caponise: Alternative form of caponize
rings up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ring up
rust out: To rust completely; to become covered in rust; by extension, to break down over time and cease working.
undrinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of undrink
ellipted: simple past and past participle of ellipt
kreesing: present participle and gerund of kreese
whipsawn: past participle of whipsaw
hulloaed: simple past and past participle of hulloa
untenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of untense
trashify: To turn (something) into trash; to lower the quality of.
uncodify: to restore the original from the codified version
decodify: Synonym of uncodify
avolates: third-person singular simple present indicative of avolate
enarming: present participle and gerund of enarm
euphuise: Alternative form of euphuize
exiguate: to shrink and reduce in quality or value; to become exiguous
embogged: simple past and past participle of embog
ethicise: Alternative form of ethicize
fenagles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fenagle
fenagled: simple past and past participle of fenagle
forelain: past participle of forelie
forelies: third-person singular simple present indicative of forelie
repegged: simple past and past participle of repeg
unpapers: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpaper
resilver: To silver again.
resilver: To synchronize the mirror disk of the RAID array with the master disk.
overthin: To make too thin.
swavered: simple past and past participle of swaver
overmine: To mine excessively.
overmine: To view an object in terms of its effects on or relationships with others, in object-oriented ontology.
unsquash: To reverse a process of squashing; to expand (something) back to the original size.
bucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of buck up
comes at: third-person singular simple present indicative of come at
tip back: To drink a beverage, especially alcoholic and in large amounts.
tip back: To open such a beverage.
dials in: third-person singular simple present indicative of dial in
livetrap: Alternative spelling of live-trap
dinnered: simple past and past participle of dinner
steddied: simple past and past participle of steddy
steddies: third-person singular simple present indicative of steddy
inquered: simple past and past participle of inquere
inqueres: third-person singular simple present indicative of inquere
desyning: present participle and gerund of desyne
misgrace: To grace or treat wrongly; disgrace; offend; ill-treat; disrespect
ennuying: present participle and gerund of ennui
ethicize: To make ethical.
ergotise: Alternative form of ergotize
Snopeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of Snopes
snuzzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snuzzle
snuzzled: simple past and past participle of snuzzle
dehaired: simple past and past participle of dehair
pretrain: To train (a neural network) on some data set (typically a large generic data set, the output of which one is not directly interested in) before fine-tuning the network on another dataset one is interested in.
uncrimps: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrimp
outspook: To surpass in spookiness.
eyerolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of eyeroll
replumed: simple past and past participle of replume
replumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of replume
tarmaced: simple past and past participle of tarmac
retarmac: To resurface with a new layer of tarmac.
voutsafe: Obsolete form of vouchsafe.
becalled: simple past and past participle of becall
bebloods: third-person singular simple present indicative of beblood
barkened: simple past and past participle of barken
bedamned: simple past and past participle of bedamn
bedashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedash
becrawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of becrawl
becursed: simple past and past participle of becurse
beducked: simple past and past participle of beduck
beathing: present participle and gerund of beath
bedashed: simple past and past participle of bedash
bedwarfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedwarf
bedumbed: simple past and past participle of bedumb
befoamed: simple past and past participle of befoam
befleaed: simple past and past participle of beflea
begazing: present participle and gerund of begaze
begifted: simple past and past participle of begift
begroans: third-person singular simple present indicative of begroan
bedrapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedrape
begunked: simple past and past participle of begunk
becurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of becurse
bedraped: simple past and past participle of bedrape
behowled: simple past and past participle of behowl
bemadams: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemadam
bejading: present participle and gerund of bejade
bemeting: present participle and gerund of bemete
belauded: simple past and past participle of belaud
bemadded: simple past and past participle of bemad
beknaved: simple past and past participle of beknave
bekisses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bekiss
bekissed: simple past and past participle of bekiss
beleaped: simple past and past participle of beleap
bemocked: simple past and past participle of bemock
bastiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bastile (obsolete spelling of bastilles)
bemixing: present participle and gerund of bemix
beknaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of beknave
bemouths: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemouth
beteemed: simple past and past participle of beteem
bemisted: simple past and past participle of bemist
bepatted: simple past and past participle of bepat
bepearls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepearl
behights: third-person singular simple present indicative of behight
waits on: third-person singular simple present indicative of wait on
incuting: present participle and gerund of incute
flatpick: to play acoustic guitar in the flatpicking style.
pang seh: To deliberately miss an agreed appointment, especially at the last minute.
pang seh: To stand someone up.
cafe hop: To patronize a number of different cafes on a single outing.
innerup': Pronunciation spelling of interrupt.
starvate: Synonym of starve
bowwowed: simple past and past participle of bowwow
brailled: simple past and past participle of braille
bradding: present participle and gerund of brad
broching: present participle and gerund of broche
belimbed: simple past and past participle of belimb
monocrop: To grow (a crop) in a monoculture.
coffling: present participle and gerund of coffle
companed: simple past and past participle of compane
companes: third-person singular simple present indicative of compane
tattowed: simple past and past participle of tattow
deairing: present participle and gerund of deair
defleaed: simple past and past participle of deflea
dialoged: simple past and past participle of dialog
disgowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of disgown
disforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of disform
disbosom: Synonym of unbosom
dognaped: simple past and past participle of dognap
doweling: present participle and gerund of dowel
café-hop: Alternative spelling of cafe hop
café hop: Alternative spelling of cafe hop
cafe-hop: Alternative spelling of cafe hop
kaypohed: simple past and past participle of kaypoh
klatawaw: Alternative spelling of clattawa.
encharms: third-person singular simple present indicative of encharm
enshells: third-person singular simple present indicative of enshell
undeafed: simple past and past participle of undeaf
mistrace: To trace incorrectly.
mispatch: To patch wrongly.
undazzle: To free from dazzlement; to clear (the senses, the vision, etc.).
undazzle: To return to one's senses.
repanels: third-person singular simple present indicative of repanel
ungyving: present participle and gerund of ungyve
respades: third-person singular simple present indicative of respade
reschool: To school again; to reeducate.
rerising: present participle and gerund of rerise
respaded: simple past and past participle of respade
rivelled: simple past and past participle of rivel
Roneoing: present participle and gerund of Roneo
rogueing: present participle and gerund of rogue
peincted: simple past and past participle of peinct
unthatch: To remove the thatch from.
outwills: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwill
uncoffin: To remove from a coffin; to exhume.
fanfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of fanfold
bit down: simple past of bite down
drums up: third-person singular simple present indicative of drum up
melts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of melt up
lay pipe: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see lay, pipe.
lay pipe: To have sex.
drum out: To remove, especially unfairly, from an organization or position of responsibility.
play God: To act in ways commonly associated with or reserved for God, especially by scientific means, such as exercising omnipotence or excessive control over life and nature.
slips up: third-person singular simple present indicative of slip up
feutring: present participle and gerund of feutre
fewtered: simple past and past participle of fewter
fibrined: simple past and past participle of fibrin
netsurfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of netsurf
rang out: simple past of ring out
rung out: past participle of ring out
steaning: present participle and gerund of stean
racebend: To play the role of, or cast someone in the role of, a character of a different race or ethnicity.
grew out: simple past of grow out
grow out: To allow (something, often hair) to grow unimpeded.
bites in: third-person singular simple present indicative of bite in
boils up: third-person singular simple present indicative of boil up
chews on: third-person singular simple present indicative of chew on
chews up: third-person singular simple present indicative of chew up
miked up: simple past and past participle of mike up
miced up: simple past and past participle of mic up
mikes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mike up
hang low: To droop or sag heavily; to remain at a low altitude.
opponing: present participle and gerund of oppone
moves in: third-person singular simple present indicative of move in
rems out: third-person singular simple present indicative of rem out
shot off: simple past and past participle of shoot off
punk out: To give up or cravenly abandon something difficult.
punk out: To treat as a punk (either as a worthless person or the bottom in a male-male relationship, especially a nonconsenting prison relationship).
moved in: simple past and past participle of move in
sucks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of suck in
roped in: simple past and past participle of rope in
ropes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of rope in
beds out: third-person singular simple present indicative of bed out
cried up: simple past and past participle of cry up
cries up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cry up
going at: present participle and gerund of go at
frees up: third-person singular simple present indicative of free up
freed up: simple past and past participle of free up
types up: third-person singular simple present indicative of type up
type out: To write out on a computer keyboard.
type out: To be rejected as an actor (such as at an audition) because of categorical factors like height, race and general appearance, rather than acting ability.
graecize: Alternative form of Grecize
typed up: simple past and past participle of type up
Grecizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Grecize
withwent: simple past of withgo
withgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of withgo
withgone: past participle of withgo
holla at: To call on a telephone; to contact or maintain contact with.
holla at: To express romantic or sexual interest in.
queen up: To get in drag; to get ready to perform as a drag queen.
queen up: To dress like, or become appropriate for, a queen.
grab off: To hurriedly and forcibly take, appropriate or seize control of.
speak of: To bespeak; show; indicate; foretell; suggest.
get past: To continue around a blockage; to get around (something); to surpass something that is in the way.
get past: To cause something to get around a blockage; to cause to get around or surpass something that is in the way.
get past: To pass by unnoticed by someone who would have the power to stop or correct it.
get past: To get through a difficult time; to overcome a source of grief.
get past: To cause someone to overcome a source of grief or get through a difficult time.
laced up: simple past and past participle of lace up
folds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fold up
laces up: third-person singular simple present indicative of lace up
bring to: To restore consciousness.
bring to: To make something equal to a different amount.
bring to: To turn into the wind; to check the course of (a ship) by trimming the sails so as to counteract each other.
cling to: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see cling, to.
cling to: To have an intense emotional dependency on (someone).
cling to: To remain by (someone's) side; to refuse to leave the company of.
cacks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cack up
plugs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of plug up
arced up: simple past and past participle of arc up
toss out: To throw away; to get rid of; to dispose of (something, especially food that has gone bad).
duke out: To fight, especially with fists.
cloathes: Obsolete form of clothes.
helixing: present participle and gerund of helix
ball out: To play or perform extremely well.
ball out: To spend extravagant amounts of money (especially at a casino or nightclub).
ball out: Misspelling of bawl out.
game out: To play games to such an excessive degree that one is unwilling to play more.
game out: To run through scenarios to determine what will happen given certain decisions; to play out possibilities; to examine several ideas to come up with their likeliest end results.
muddy up: To make muddy; to make clear water into muddy water.
muddy up: To confuse (an issue or situation); to obscure or obfuscate (an issue or situation).
got onto: simple past and past participle of get onto
pitch on: To throw (something) onto (something).
pitch on: To give a pitch (a presentation to convince someone on an idea) to (someone).
let past: To allow someone to pass or get past one.
put past: To conclude that (someone) would not do something.
poke out: To be barely visible past an obstruction or obstructions; to protrude.
poke out: To emerge from behind, in, or under something.
poke out: To cause (something) to protrude or emerge.
poke out: To remove (something) by poking (often creating a hole in the process).
rubs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of rub off
incaving: present participle and gerund of incave
shed out: To move (sheep who have lambed) to better pasture.
booze up: To drink alcohol past the point of drunkenness.
inherced: Obsolete form of enhearsed.
ingoting: present participle and gerund of ingot
imprests: third-person singular simple present indicative of imprest
sportify: To make sporty, or convert into a form of sport.
overcool: To cool excessively.
kink out: To dress in kinky, BDSM-themed clothing.
turns to: third-person singular simple present indicative of turn to
remining: present participle and gerund of remine
mammered: simple past and past participle of mammer
go below: To go below deck on a ship; to leave the top deck of a ship.
key down: To relax.
kip down: To sleep somewhere other than home, forced to do so by circumstances.
beats to: third-person singular simple present indicative of beat to
ace into: To be barely admitted into something, or to be admitted only at the last minute.
amplects: third-person singular simple present indicative of amplect
packs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of pack in
lanceted: simple past and past participle of lancet
outpulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpull
muzzlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of muzzle
muzzleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of muzzle
preboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of preboil
preclean: To clean in advance.
shmeered: simple past and past participle of shmeer
southers: third-person singular simple present indicative of souther
varitype: To prepare printed material using a machine of this kind.
Jewified: simple past and past participle of Jewify
Jewifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of Jewify
devorced: simple past and past participle of devorce
deminish: Obsolete form of diminish.
devorces: third-person singular simple present indicative of devorce
admoving: present participle and gerund of admove
ragouted: simple past and past participle of ragout
raunging: present participle and gerund of raunge
reassail: To assail again.
readdict: To addict again.
recrated: simple past and past participle of recrate
redocked: simple past and past participle of redock
reevoked: simple past and past participle of reevoke
refenced: simple past and past participle of refence
regrooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of regroom
reevokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reevoke
redriven: past participle of redrive
refences: third-person singular simple present indicative of refence
rejuggle: To juggle again.
redrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrive
redefect: To defect again.
recrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of recrate
instagib: To immediately gib (with no damage beforehand necessary).
altruize: To make altruistic.
emmeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emmesh
emmeshed: simple past and past participle of emmesh
gunching: present participle and gerund of gunch
evulsing: present participle and gerund of evulse
reupping: present participle and gerund of reup Alternative form of re-upping
fustered: simple past and past participle of fuster
comajors: third-person singular simple present indicative of comajor
unadvise: To instruct the system to cease providing internal notifications of some kind.
swanging: present participle and gerund of swang
checkrow: To plant seeds at the intersections of a criss-cross pattern previously marked out on the ground.
unweaved: simple past and past participle of unweave
overlept: simple past and past participle of overleap
preapply: To apply in advance.
propugns: third-person singular simple present indicative of propugn
denazify: To free from Nazi influence.
ullaging: present participle and gerund of ullage
kidproof: childproof
unpiling: present participle and gerund of unpile
unshapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshape
unvailes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvaile
cow bite: To administer a cow bite.
puss out: To avoid doing something due to cowardice.
reproven: past participle of reprove
guesseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of guess
guessest: second-person singular simple present indicative of guess
regrasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of regrasp
upweight: To give a greater weight (or importance) to
pisstake: Alternative form of take the piss
deharden: To make or become less hard (resistant to pressure).
dipcoats: third-person singular simple present indicative of dipcoat
dip coat: Alternative form of dip-coat
desheath: Synonym of unsheath.
dip-coat: To immerse in liquid in order to apply a dipcoat.
oversave: To save more money than is necessary or prudent.
osmoting: present participle and gerund of osmote
demuxing: present participle and gerund of demux
riled up: simple past and past participle of rile up
re-hires: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-hire
re-hired: simple past and past participle of re-hire
downflex: To force downward without breaking.
downflex: To bend or stretch downward.
handtame: To cause (someone or something) to become accustomed to being handled
finitise: Alternative form of finitize
shnorred: simple past and past participle of shnor
shnorred: simple past and past participle of shnorr
ambassed: simple past and past participle of ambass
rehonors: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehonor
misgreet: To greet wrongly; (by extension) to affront or insult
remilled: simple past and past participle of remill
retilted: simple past and past participle of retilt
instress: To apprehend or realize the inscape, or distinctive design, of an object.
unsteals: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsteal
tivoized: simple past and past participle of tivoize
tivoizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tivoize
unschool: To educate (a child) in an alternative to the regular school method, focused on the learner-chosen activities as a primary means for learning.
rebodied: past of rebody
eggcrate: Alternative form of egg-crate
humblify: to make humble
upflings: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfling
ungorged: simple past and past participle of ungorge
books it: third-person singular simple present indicative of book it
blew out: simple past of blow out
lariated: simple past and past participle of lariat
latening: present participle and gerund of laten
logicize: To make logical; to bring into the domain of logic.
logicize: To argue.
melanise: Alternative form of melanize
mimeoing: present participle and gerund of mimeo
nielloed: simple past and past participle of niello
splorked: simple past and past participle of splork
chipseal: To apply this surface treatment to.
retasted: simple past and past participle of retaste
resoften: To soften again.
retastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of retaste
seajacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of seajack
sealifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sealift
wardened: simple past and past participle of warden
foreslay: To slay beforehand or in advance
appeling: present participle and gerund of appel
preys on: third-person singular simple present indicative of prey on
aggrated: simple past and past participle of aggrate
aggrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of aggrate
scrieved: simple past and past participle of scrieve
scrieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrieve
activize: To convert to activism.
apanaged: simple past and past participle of apanage
unlaxing: present participle and gerund of unlax
underfix: To fix inadequately, or below what is required or expected
brickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of brickle
brickled: simple past and past participle of brickle
subfeued: simple past and past participle of subfeu
dyke out: To engage in homoerotic activity with another woman.
remeided: simple past and past participle of remeid
veganize: To convert (a recipe, a meal, a person, etc.) to be vegan.
methoded: simple past and past participle of method
gamifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of gamify
unhiring: present participle and gerund of unhire
kashered: simple past and past participle of kasher
nanocode: To program a nanoprocessor
fans out: third-person singular simple present indicative of fan out
fanfared: simple past and past participle of fanfare
skuttled: simple past and past participle of skuttle
skuttles: third-person singular simple present indicative of skuttle
sleekens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sleeken
buskling: present participle and gerund of buskle
skywrote: simple past of skywrite
skywrite: To write a message in the sky using the trail of smoke from a moving airplane.
skywrite: To spell a word by tracing it in the air with one's finger.
solfaing: present participle and gerund of solfa
facelick: To lick a face.
keeps to: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep to
disenjoy: To fail to enjoy; to take no pleasure in.
rentered: simple past and past participle of renter
westered: simple past and past participle of wester
minorise: Alternative form of minorize
majorise: Alternative form of majorize
botoxing: present participle and gerund of botox
Botoxing: present participle and gerund of Botox
hachured: simple past and past participle of hachure
chunamed: simple past and past participle of chunam
hangared: simple past and past participle of hangar
unfouled: simple past and past participle of unfoul
dehazing: present participle and gerund of dehaze
fibrized: simple past and past participle of fibrize
fibrised: simple past and past participle of fibrise
fibrizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fibrize
fibrises: third-person singular simple present indicative of fibrise
dewooled: simple past and past participle of dewool
besmudge: To smudge.
emetizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emetize
emetized: simple past and past participle of emetize
lunatize: To turn someone into a lunatic.
cloudify: To convert and/or migrate data and application programs in order to make use of cloud computing.
cloudify: To make (a drink, etc.) cloudy.
grocered: simple past and past participle of grocer
zip ties: third-person singular simple present indicative of zip tie
coemerge: To emerge together.
co-oping: present participle and gerund of co-op
marvails: third-person singular simple present indicative of marvail
pettling: present participle and gerund of pettle
grasshop: To move erratically here and there, like a grasshopper
hacksawn: past participle of hacksaw
uneasing: present participle and gerund of unease
spodding: present participle and gerund of spod
homolyze: To undergo homolysis.
homolyse: Alternative form of homolyze
re-marks: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-mark
retousle: To tousle again.
outcurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcurl
rejogged: simple past and past participle of rejog
televote: To take part in such a vote.
fancasts: Alternative spelling of fan casts
vendored: simple past and past participle of vendor
twangles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twangle
twangled: simple past and past participle of twangle
toboggin: Dated form of toboggan.
tracting: present participle and gerund of tract
overamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of overamp
unmiters: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmiter
underbit: simple past of underbite
unsnecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsneck
upcurves: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcurve
remirror: To mirror again.
wombling: present participle and gerund of womble
swags it: third-person singular simple present indicative of swag it
pregamed: simple past and past participle of pregame
noserode: simple past of noseride
tailride: To manoeuvre a surfboard from the rear end
tailrode: simple past of tailride
deassing: present participle and gerund of deass
unaffect: To not affect.
point up: To emphasise or stress; to draw attention to.
marry up: To join together.
marry up: To tally or correspond; to match up.
marry up: To marry someone of a higher social class.
unquotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unquote
updarted: simple past and past participle of updart
upspears: third-person singular simple present indicative of upspear
jealouse: Alternative form of jalouse
renegued: simple past and past participle of renegue
feralize: To make feral.
monoplex: To convert to a simplex
yickered: simple past and past participle of yicker
outreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of outread
outsnore: To snore more or louder than.
outquote: To surpass in quotation.
outsmoke: To smoke more than.
outsulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsulk
outhunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhunt
tanalise: Alternative form of tanalize
trudgens: third-person singular simple present indicative of trudgen
fringeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of fringe
trimmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of trim
fringest: second-person singular simple present indicative of fringe
beswathe: to cover (something) (both literally and figuratively).
chiddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of chide
regurges: third-person singular simple present indicative of regurge
regurged: simple past and past participle of regurge
foundest: second-person singular simple present indicative of found
foundest: second-person singular simple past indicative of find
adultify: To treat a non-adult like an adult.
coldened: simple past and past participle of colden
babyworn: past participle of babywear
babywore: simple past of babywear
parodize: To parody.
overfeel: To feel excessively or to too great an extent.
beers up: third-person singular simple present indicative of beer up
parodise: Alternative form of parodize
Semitize: To make Semitic as to language or culture.
kept off: simple past and past participle of keep off
ruled OK: simple past and past participle of rule OK
rules OK: third-person singular simple present indicative of rule OK
showedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of show
deep fry: Alternative form of deep-fry
ratfucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ratfuck
plussing: present participle and gerund of plus
gallumph: Alternative form of galumph
corrumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of corrump
tighting: present participle and gerund of tight
demanned: simple past and past participle of deman
subumber: To provide cover.
subumber: To take cover.
betalked: simple past and past participle of betalk
eyefucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of eyefuck
rerubbed: simple past and past participle of rerub
ragpicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of ragpick
cupcaked: simple past and past participle of cupcake
overchew: To chew too much.
filthify: To make something filthy.
rebarter: To barter again.
sarporks: third-person singular simple present indicative of sarpork
wadsetts: third-person singular simple present indicative of wadsett
sia suay: To disgrace; to cause embarrassment for others.
layaning: present participle and gerund of layan
lifelogs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lifelog
unmurder: To bring (somebody murdered) back to life.
levelize: To make level; to cause to remain at the same level.
levelise: Alternative form of levelize
drawn up: past participle of draw up
draws up: third-person singular simple present indicative of draw up
snapchat: Alternative letter-case form of Snapchat
term out: (of an elected official, lease, etc) To finish the term.
term out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see term, out.
Snapchat: To send a message on Snapchat.
slipslop: To move with a slapping or flopping action.
slipslop: To slide about like waves.
dechurch: To expel from membership of a congregation or church; to excommunicate.
dechurch: To remove churches, or the role of the church, from.
rechurch: To restore to the membership of a congregation or church.
rechurch: To restore churches, or the role of the church, to.
outgames: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgame
outgamed: simple past and past participle of outgame
unforget: To not forget; also, to remember again after forgetting.
bullfuck: To bullshit.
rebacked: simple past and past participle of reback
deadlegs: third-person singular simple present indicative of deadleg
wunnered: simple past and past participle of wunner
mistaste: To overindulge in food or drink
mistaste: To take wrongly or in error; mistake; err
mistaste: To taste wrongly or in error
socks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of sock in
pejorize: To render pejorative.
rollocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rollock
outcoded: simple past and past participle of outcode
red pill: To enable a person to overcome illusion and perceive harsher reality.
red pill: To cause someone to believe in gynocentrism in modern society.
narcosed: simple past and past participle of narcose
dedented: simple past and past participle of dedent
nroffing: present participle and gerund of nroff
suplexed: simple past and past participle of suplex
went set: simple past and past participle of go set
embolise: Alternative form of embolize
uncrease: to remove the crease(s) from
respecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of respeck
uninvert: To restore from an inverted state; to turn the right way round again.
desilted: simple past and past participle of desilt
outfarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfart
dougying: present participle and gerund of dougie
de-tails: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-tail
cringled: simple past and past participle of cringle
loooving: present participle and gerund of looove
overlard: To cover or coat with lard.
overlard: To garnish or strew excessively.
Gatorade: To serve a Gatorade to.
gruelled: simple past and past participle of gruel
howdying: present participle and gerund of howdy
hosteled: simple past and past participle of hostel
keloided: simple past and past participle of keloid
demoulds: third-person singular simple present indicative of demould
demolded: simple past and past participle of demold
requench: To quench again.
onrushed: simple past and past participle of onrush
uncensor: To undo the censorship of (a work) by restoring what was censored.
raisined: simple past and past participle of raisin
rerinsed: simple past and past participle of rerinse
rerinses: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerinse
chuffled: simple past and past participle of chuffle
chuffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of chuffle
coheaded: simple past and past participle of cohead
complish: To accomplish.
uberized: simple past and past participle of uberize
dequench: To reestablish a previously quenched fluorescence
wedlease: To marry impermanently.
despects: third-person singular simple present indicative of despect
managin': Pronunciation spelling of managing.
pinchin': Pronunciation spelling of pinching.
lynchin': Pronunciation spelling of lynching.
skippin': Pronunciation spelling of skipping.
slingin': Pronunciation spelling of slinging.
crashin': Pronunciation spelling of crashing.
chattin': Pronunciation spelling of chatting.
ramblin': Pronunciation spelling of rambling.
gigglin': Pronunciation spelling of giggling.
shiftin': Pronunciation spelling of shifting.
go combo: of a Caucasian man: to have a sexual relationship with an Aboriginal woman
jerkying: present participle and gerund of jerky
unnarrow: To make less narrow; to broaden or expand.
unthanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unthank
sissying: present participle and gerund of sissy
homemake: To prepare (a recipe, etc.) at home through one's own efforts, rather than buying it; to create homemade goods.
homemake: To manage a household; to engage in homemaking.
reliming: present participle and gerund of relime
tuberize: To develop tubers.
freerode: simple past of freeride
outknits: third-person singular simple present indicative of outknit
chemotax: To move by means of chemotaxis
abegging: present participle and gerund of beg
livecast: To create and broadcast a livecast.
duresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of duress
ethified: simple past and past participle of ethify
undyeing: present participle and gerund of undye
mooshing: present participle and gerund of moosh
betterfy: to make better
miswires: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswire
overbias: To use more bias current in an analog magnetic recorder than is required for maximum sensitivity.
osmylate: To react with osmium tetroxide
overmold: To mold (part of an object) over and around another part.
outgayed: simple past and past participle of outgay
mugs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of mug off
unlimits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlimit
nails it: third-person singular simple present indicative of nail it
trusseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of truss
retracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of retrack
retacked: simple past and past participle of retack
adverbed: simple past and past participle of adverb
leadened: simple past and past participle of leaden
launcing: present participle and gerund of launce
lippened: simple past and past participle of lippen
lumining: present participle and gerund of lumine
retiered: simple past and past participle of retier
detaxing: present participle and gerund of detax
mercying: present participle and gerund of mercy
regravel: To replace the gravel on (a surface).
upjetted: simple past and past participle of upjet
upfurled: simple past and past participle of upfurl
unstrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstrip
unsenses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsense
updrying: present participle and gerund of updry
hormoned: simple past and past participle of hormone
tonified: simple past and past participle of tonify
hemolyse: Alternative form of hemolyze
deattach: Synonym of detach
leave be: Synonym of let be (“to leave alone; not to disturb”)
unghosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unghost
rereeled: simple past and past participle of rereel
pregnate: To impregnate.
preblock: To block prior to some other operation
giftwrap: Alternative form of gift-wrap
rebedded: simple past and past participle of rebed
birdnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of birdnap
restable: To return (an animal) to its stable.
ochering: present participle and gerund of ocher
outblaze: To shine or burn more brightly or intensely than.
outbluff: To surpass in bluffing.
outbrawl: To surpass in brawling.
outbawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbawl
outcurse: To surpass in cursing or swearing.
outcrawl: To crawl faster or farther than.
outhowls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhowl
outplots: third-person singular simple present indicative of outplot
outplans: third-person singular simple present indicative of outplan
outrowed: simple past and past participle of outrow
outgleam: To shine more brightly than.
outtrots: third-person singular simple present indicative of outtrot
outyelps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outyelp
outsmile: To surpass in smiling.
outbleat: To bleat louder or longer than.
outpress: To push or force outward.
outpress: To surpass in performing presses (weightlifting exercise).
objuring: present participle and gerund of objure
outbitch: To surpass in bitching, or bitchiness.
zero out: To reduce to zero.
zero out: To cut off funding for (a project).
zero out: To fill with zeros, replacing any previous contents.
zero out: To press or dial 0 in order to escape a voicemail recording facility and speak to an operator.
nuancing: present participle and gerund of nuance
outtrick: To surpass in trickery.
outcrazy: To surpass in craziness; to be more wild or erratic than.
readduce: To adduce again.
empannel: Alternative form of impanel
shambock: Alternative form of sjambok
embarred: simple past and past participle of embar
hubbubed: simple past and past participle of hubbub
longhaul: To travel a long distance.
longhaul: To transport goods over long distances.
calorize: To form a protective surface on (a ferrous metal) by coating with aluminum powder and then heating.
calorize: To follow a diet that focuses on the number of calories in food.
calorize: To provide information about the number of calories in (a food item).
calorize: To make (food) with high-calorie ingredients.
foredamn: To damn beforehand or in advance
despines: third-person singular simple present indicative of despine
despined: simple past and past participle of despine
duppying: present participle and gerund of duppy
buys out: third-person singular simple present indicative of buy out
ghostens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ghosten
ixnaying: present participle and gerund of ixnay
presplit: To shape the outcome of an explosive blast by forming cracks in advance.
sleepeat: Alternative form of sleep-eat
sleepate: simple past of sleepeat
tear out: To remove by tearing.
forelive: To live or come before; precede
rejetted: simple past and past participle of rejet
alacrify: To rouse into action; to inspirit; to inspire.
cat-call: Dated form of catcall.
downdate: To alter, degrade or downgrade to an earlier or worse version, especially when it was intended to update.
downdate: To undo an update.
vacufuge: To operate such a centrifuge
unresign: To withdraw a resignation.
gross up: To convert into a gross figure; to total (up).
paste up: To create a pasteup.
paste up: To display on a wall, kiosk, or other prominent surface, using adhesive.
paste up: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see paste, up.
overtell: To exaggerate or be more explicit than needed; tell too much or too often, etc.
miracled: simple past and past participle of miracle
swack up: To lie; to deceive; to take in.
robocast: To manufacture using the robocasting technique.
unenrols: third-person singular simple present indicative of unenrol
collabed: simple past and past participle of collab
retyring: present participle and gerund of retyre
impannel: Alternative form of impanel
fumfered: simple past and past participle of fumfer
yoicking: present participle and gerund of yoick
overtold: simple past and past participle of overtell
overborn: simple past and past participle of overbear
overarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of overarm
overstir: To stir too much.
overwarm: To warm excessively.
overdust: To dust with too much powder.
overclad: To cover the surface of, as if with clothing.
overclad: To cover with insulation or cladding.
commerge: To blend or merge together.
commerge: To agree; to coincide.
cocknify: Alternative form of cockneyfy
repatent: To patent again.
storaged: simple past and past participle of storage
oralizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of oralize
oralized: simple past and past participle of oralize
oralised: simple past and past participle of oralise
oralises: third-person singular simple present indicative of oralise
overurge: To urge excessively.
dearning: present participle and gerund of dearn
kicks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of kick in
decarbed: simple past and past participle of decarb
retipped: simple past and past participle of retip
fell due: simple past of fall due
upgirded: simple past and past participle of upgird
unturfed: simple past and past participle of unturf
based on: simple past and past participle of base on
bases on: third-person singular simple present indicative of base on
dickride: To behave in a submissive, subservient, or overflattering manner toward.
empayres: third-person singular simple present indicative of empayre
empayred: simple past and past participle of empayre
epurated: simple past and past participle of epurate
epurates: third-person singular simple present indicative of epurate
entayled: simple past and past participle of entayle
entayles: third-person singular simple present indicative of entayle
ergotize: To affect with ergot.
unlevels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlevel
vampired: simple past and past participle of vampire
handfeed: To feed by hand.
tumesced: simple past and past participle of tumesce
denailed: simple past and past participle of denail
hocusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of hocus
hominize: To make human, or treat as if human.
jirbling: present participle and gerund of jirble
relifted: simple past and past participle of relift
talk big: To brag; to exaggerate one's abilities or achievements.
puppysat: simple past and past participle of puppysit
horsesat: simple past and past participle of horsesit
birdysat: simple past and past participle of birdysit
puppysit: To babysit for (take care of) a dog, especially a puppy.
horsesit: To babysit for (take care of) a horse.
retoxing: present participle and gerund of retox
reuptook: simple past of reuptake
repicked: simple past and past participle of repick
besitten: past participle of besit
spit out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see spit, out.
spit out: To say reluctantly (see also spit it out).
spit out: To rap; to repeat verses passionately or intensely.
spit out: To say scornfully.
spit out: To eject.
birdysit: To take care of a bird in the owner's absence; to birdsit.
reverize: To have a reverie; to daydream.
upfolded: simple past and past participle of upfold
foreform: To form beforehand or in advance; prepare
foretype: To make into a foretype, or exemplify as such; to foreshadow; exemplify beforehand
unchange: To revert or reverse a change
unchange: To not change; be unchanging; remain constant
beleaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of beleave
kayfabes: third-person singular simple present indicative of kayfabe
recaning: present participle and gerund of recane
redoxing: present participle and gerund of redox
reclamed: simple past and past participle of reclame
recoaled: simple past and past participle of recoal
reglowed: simple past and past participle of reglow
repryved: simple past and past participle of repryve
repryves: third-person singular simple present indicative of repryve
swealing: present participle and gerund of sweal
abjurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of abjure
abjureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of abjure
wantedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of want
zombiefy: Alternative form of zombify
kayfabed: simple past and past participle of kayfabe.
lockspit: to dig a such a trench
line-dry: To dry on a clothesline.
postcede: To come after (something or someone) chronologically.
untraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrace
untaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of untaint
unwiving: present participle and gerund of unwive
karaoked: simple past and past participle of karaoke
refucked: simple past and past participle of refuck
engreens: third-person singular simple present indicative of engreen
dare say: Alternative form of daresay
bug bomb: Synonym of fumigate
lam into: To attack physically.
lam into: To attack verbally.
thrifted: simple past and past participle of thrift
dickrode: simple past of dickride
geckoing: present participle and gerund of gecko.
mandered: simple past and past participle of mander
medisect: To incise in the median line; to perform a medisection of.
stotters: third-person singular simple present indicative of stotter
uninform: To revert (someone) to an uninformed state; reverse the informing of
pre-date: Alternative form of predate
piled up: simple past and past participle of pile up
piles up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pile up
openning: Misspelling of opening.
unlights: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlight
marks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mark up
jillicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jillick
up stick: Alternative form of up sticks.
blobbing: present participle and gerund of blob
preslugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of preslug
talks at: third-person singular simple present indicative of talk at
diuresed: simple past and past participle of diurese
shook up: simple past of shake up
lined up: simple past and past participle of line up
lines up: third-person singular simple present indicative of line up
unboards: third-person singular simple present indicative of unboard
superlay: simple past of superlie
befanged: simple past and past participle of befang
can wait: A response to can't wait that negates the phrase.
can wait: Used to dismiss a concern considered urgent by another party.
preswell: To cause to become engorged with fluid prior to some other operation.
unsplits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsplit
came off: simple past of come off
bioprint: To 3D print a biological structure (a tissue, an organ, etc.) using a bioprinter.
3D print: To use a 3D printer to make (a three-dimensional solid object) from a digital model.
lay eggs: To produce a string of failures or flops.
forspake: simple past of forspeak
froth up: To become frothy; to rise with a frothy surface or covered with something resembling froth.
side-eye: To look at out of the corner of one's eye, particularly with animosity, or in a judgmental or suspicious manner.
mixes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mix up
foams up: third-person singular simple present indicative of foam up
forholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of forhold
recloven: past participle of recleave
recleave: To cleave again
decycled: simple past and past participle of decycle
decycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of decycle
parcooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of parcook
prewraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of prewrap
prelives: third-person singular simple present indicative of prelive
prepaste: To paste in advance.
prepunch: To punch holes in something in advance.
premoved: simple past and past participle of premove
prefroze: simple past of prefreeze
prelived: simple past and past participle of prelive
predying: present participle and gerund of predye
premoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of premove
prepacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prepack
prefiled: simple past and past participle of prefile
prefiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefile
prestamp: To stamp in advance.
pretypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretype
pretyped: simple past and past participle of pretype
pretrims: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretrim
preblend: To blend in advance.
mistryst: To break an engagement with.
preprice: To price in advance.
do Abram: Synonym of sham Abraham
stayning: present participle and gerund of stayne
subverst: simple past and past participle of subverse
surtaxed: simple past and past participle of surtax
swindged: simple past and past participle of swindge
swindges: third-person singular simple present indicative of swindge
mock out: To replace (source code or other software elements) with a stub that exhibits the desired behaviour, typically for use in automated testing.
aughting: present participle and gerund of aught
preamped: simple past and past participle of preamp
re-gayed: simple past and past participle of re-gay
re-sewed: simple past and past participle of re-sew
re-calls: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-call
reads in: third-person singular simple present indicative of read in
reäcting: present participle and gerund of reäct
windling: present participle and gerund of windle
reads up: third-person singular simple present indicative of read up
rereduce: To reduce again
welfared: simple past and past participle of welfare
reagrees: third-person singular simple present indicative of reagree
palacing: present participle and gerund of palace
douncing: present participle and gerund of dounce
ragooing: present participle and gerund of ragoo
trusteed: simple past and past participle of trustee
outplead: To surpass in pleading; to plead more successfully than.
scouched: simple past and past participle of scouch
overtrim: To trim too much.
overplan: To plan in too much detail.
overgirt: simple past and past participle of overgird
overinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of overink
overdeck: To overdecorate.
moistify: To make moist; to moisten.
mimmered: simple past and past participle of mimmer
toproped: simple past and past participle of toprope
miss off: To drop; leave off; omit.
forcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of forcast
disalign: Synonym of misalign
layerize: To split or separate into layers.
congéing: present participle and gerund of congé
voxelize: To convert (an image or model) into voxels.
unliming: present participle and gerund of unlime
usucapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of usucapt
overclub: To take (a shot) with a golf club that provides too much distance.
glegging: present participle and gerund of gleg
rift-saw: Alternative form of rift saw
behapped: simple past and past participle of behap
rift saw: To cut a log into boards by first quartering and then cutting radially at an angle of 30-60 degrees to the grain (as opposed to quartersaw, which involves cutting radially at an angle of 60-90 degrees).
lepaking: present participle and gerund of lepak
untaming: present participle and gerund of untame
unshoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshoot
unfiring: present participle and gerund of unfire
nodalize: To decompose (a model) into a set of interlinked nodes.
iodating: present participle and gerund of iodate
helilift: To transport (troops) by helicopter.
haranged: simple past and past participle of harang
humefies: third-person singular simple present indicative of humefy
humefied: simple past and past participle of humefy
hoydened: simple past and past participle of hoyden
PDFizing: present participle and gerund of PDFize
delevers: third-person singular simple present indicative of delever
spins up: third-person singular simple present indicative of spin up
rastered: simple past and past participle of raster
begining: Misspelling of beginning.
torpling: present participle and gerund of torple
ungaying: present participle and gerund of ungay
inter-is: third-person singular simple present indicative of inter-be
inter-be: To be interconnected.
e-stalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of e-stalk
tirading: present participle and gerund of tirade
dropcast: To form a thin solid by dropping a solution onto a flat surface and evaporating the solvent
iceboard: to use an iceboard in the sport of iceboarding
becrazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of becraze
beswears: third-person singular simple present indicative of beswear
overhied: simple past and past participle of overhie
becrazed: simple past and past participle of becraze
despirit: Synonym of dispirit
sidecast: To eject waste material that has been excavated or dredged to the side, rather than hauling it away.
sidecast: To cast a fishing line at an angle of 90 degrees using a special type of reel that rotates on its rod.
betrusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of betrust
style up: To render stylish, to give a fashionable turn to.
chearing: present participle and gerund of chear and cheare
appreesh: To appreciate; to be thankful for.
dumb out: To go crazy on something or someone.
dumb out: To fail to notice or realize something.
weedeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of weedeat
augusted: simple past and past participle of august
adds oil: third-person singular simple present indicative of add oil
spat out: simple past and past participle of spit out
drags up: third-person singular simple present indicative of drag up
flown by: past participle of fly by
flies by: third-person singular simple present indicative of fly by
fly-tips: present of fly-tip
sack off: To abandon, to avoid, to get rid of, to cut relations with.
sack off: To play truant from.
unsubmit: To retract (a submission); to withdraw from consideration.
unshakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshake
infloods: third-person singular simple present indicative of inflood
dehaunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehaunt
de-haunt: Alternative form of dehaunt
de-hexed: simple past and past participle of de-hex
dehexing: present participle and gerund of dehex
de-hexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-hex
mis-shoe: To shoe incorrectly; put a shoe on wrong
dedoping: present participle and gerund of dedope
miscured: simple past and past participle of miscure
miscrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscrop
miscures: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscure
misturns: third-person singular simple present indicative of misturn
give lip: To speak to someone rudely or without respect.
readsorb: To adsorb again, especially following desorption
peg legs: third-person singular simple present indicative of peg leg
shindles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shindle
degelled: simple past and past participle of degel
unverify: To annul the verification of; to remove from a verified state.
re-clone: To clone again.
marinise: Non-Oxford British English form of marinize
titwanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of titwank
sift out: To isolate or identify one particular thing from a collection that includes less relevant things.
have out: To argue to a conclusion or resolution.
have out: To remove; extricate.
formayed: simple past and past participle of formay
squonked: simple past and past participle of squonk
Brexited: simple past and past participle of Brexit
sonifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sonify
sonified: simple past and past participle of sonify
snickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snickle
snickled: simple past and past participle of snickle
unraping: present participle and gerund of unrape
screeled: simple past and past participle of screel
stumpest: second-person singular simple present indicative of stump
binating: present participle and gerund of binate
reshards: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshard
happying: present participle and gerund of happy.
outbeams: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbeam
outbless: To surpass in giving blessings.
outbloom: To surpass in blooms.
outcrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcrow
outbully: To surpass in bullying.
outdrags: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdrag
outdodge: To surpass in dodging.
outfeast: To provide with a bigger or better feast than.
outbutts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbutt
outflash: To flash more brightly than; to outshine.
outcatch: To catch more or better than.
outgrins: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgrin
outsteer: To steer better than.
outtrump: To outdo; to get one over on somebody.
outthrob: To throb more than.
outwiled: simple past and past participle of outwile
outwiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwile
outtower: To rise higher than; to tower above.
outwhirl: To surpass in whirling or spinning.
tannoyed: simple past and past participle of tannoy
teazling: present participle and gerund of teazle
outshame: To be more shameful than.
teagling: present participle and gerund of teagle
harps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of harp on
unbaring: present participle and gerund of unbare
unlasted: simple past and past participle of unlast
unpuffed: simple past and past participle of unpuff
stenched: simple past and past participle of stench
stearing: present participle and gerund of stear
stearing: present participle and gerund of steare
stereoed: simple past and past participle of stereo
stumming: present participle and gerund of stum
scancing: present participle and gerund of scance
subrents: third-person singular simple present indicative of subrent
steelman: To repair flaws in an argument before analyzing it critically; to refute or to weaken the force of a stronger version of an argument than what was actually given.
interlap: To overlap mutually, so that each partially covers the other.
phutters: third-person singular simple present indicative of phutter
inthrals: third-person singular simple present indicative of inthral
washered: simple past and past participle of washer
warreyed: simple past and past participle of warrey
waughted: simple past and past participle of waught
rewasher: To fit (a mechanical device) with a new washer.
wondring: present participle and gerund of wondre
wricking: present participle and gerund of wrick
talaqing: present participle and gerund of talaq
strooken: past participle of strike
kyoodled: simple past and past participle of kyoodle
upranked: simple past and past participle of uprank
umbering: present participle and gerund of umber
unmeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmesh
limpling: present participle and gerund of limple
overheap: To heap too high; heap up excessively; supply too much of.
prebless: To bless in advance.
trayning: present participle and gerund of trayne
twilting: present participle and gerund of twilt
tommying: present participle and gerund of tommy
tochered: simple past and past participle of tocher
yealming: present participle and gerund of yealm
play-act: To perform on stage; to act in a play.
play-act: To play (a scene, role etc.); to act out.
play-act: To engage in pretence or insincere behavior, often in order to mislead someone or gain an advantage.
play-act: To make a pretence of; to feign or simulate.
asperged: simple past and past participle of asperge
assoilze: Alternative form of assoilzie
appaying: present participle and gerund of appay
abraying: present participle and gerund of abray
adwarded: simple past and past participle of adward
agrizing: present participle and gerund of agrize
albitize: To convert into albite
alkalise: Alternative form of alkalize
batooned: simple past and past participle of batoon
tetching: present participle and gerund of tetch
sprankle: Pronunciation spelling of sprinkle.
oversuds: To cause (a washing machine) to fill with too much suds.
overswum: past participle of overswim
overswam: simple past of overswim
outpeeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpeep
outplods: third-person singular simple present indicative of outplod
overswim: To swim too fast or too strenuously.
overswim: To flood or inundate.
overlime: To treat (soil) with too much lime.
outrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outroll
outsluts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outslut
outrocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrock
outscoop: To report on something, especially something worthy of a news article, before (someone else).
outhears: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhear
outpreen: To surpass in preening.
outjokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjoke
outheard: simple past and past participle of outhear
outfeels: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfeel
outsmell: To smell more acutely than.
outsmell: To have a stronger smell than; to drown out (another smell).
outdured: simple past and past participle of outdure
outbulks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbulk
outstunt: To perform more or better stunts than.
outedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of outedge
outdures: third-person singular simple present indicative of outdure
outedged: simple past and past participle of outedge
outhaled: simple past and past participle of outhale
outkeeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outkeep
outhales: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhale
outraves: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrave
outcaper: To surpass in capering.
outraved: simple past and past participle of outrave
outjoked: simple past and past participle of outjoke
outrants: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrant
outjeers: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjeer
outflush: To flush out.
outflush: To flush or blush more brightly than.
backtime: To time an item according to the scheduled time of the item that will follow, cutting or padding it as necessary.
outsewed: simple past and past participle of outsew
outhumor: To surpass in humor; to be funnier than.
kerrangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of kerrang
outtrain: To train more than.
outnight: To surpass in telling tales of nights one has experienced.
ledgered: simple past and past participle of ledger
legating: present participle and gerund of legate
re-erect: Alternative form of reerect
laterize: To convert to laterite.
filthies: third-person singular simple present indicative of filthy
filthied: simple past and past participle of filthy
unfilter: To undo the filtering of (data, etc.), or remove a filter from.
overstow: To stow on top of one another.
wex wode: simple past of wax wode
overwins: third-person singular simple present indicative of overwin
geo-maps: third-person singular simple present indicative of geo-map
immunify: To immunize.
airlands: third-person singular simple present indicative of airland
vesseled: simple past and past participle of vessel
set fair: To provide a smooth, finished surface on plaster after roughing in.
set fair: To become favorable.
set fair: To develop weather that is clear and pleasant.
set fair: To put in order; to make neat.
servoing: present participle and gerund of servo
senilise: Alternative form of senilize
senilize: To advance in time of life.
organify: To stabilize (a material) within an organ.
organify: To add organic matter to.
subceeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of subceed
wither'd: Obsolete spelling of withered
attain'd: simple past and past participle of attain
gossip'd: simple past and past participle of gossip
quench'd: simple past and past participle of quench
murder'd: simple past and past participle of murder
stand'st: Obsolete form of standest.
broach'd: simple past and past participle of broach
subcombs: third-person singular simple present indicative of subcomb
workedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of work
neededst: second-person singular simple past indicative of need
meantest: second-person singular simple past indicative of mean
approven: past participle of approve
helpedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of help
seemedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of seem
playedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of play
schlurps: third-person singular simple present indicative of schlurp
stoodest: second-person singular simple past indicative of stand
tokeneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of token
spentest: second-person singular simple past indicative of spend
walkedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of walk
openedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of open
choofing: present participle and gerund of choof
chunners: third-person singular simple present indicative of chunner
rechunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechunk
clayming: present participle and gerund of claym
cleeping: present participle and gerund of cleep
chumping: present participle and gerund of chump
clareted: simple past and past participle of claret
codrives: third-person singular simple present indicative of codrive
codriven: past participle of codrive
coenacts: third-person singular simple present indicative of coenact
concised: simple past and past participle of concise
coosened: simple past and past participle of coosen
coosined: simple past and past participle of coosin
creeling: present participle and gerund of creel
concises: third-person singular simple present indicative of concise
cacheted: simple past and past participle of cachet
carboyed: simple past and past participle of carboy
carromed: simple past and past participle of carrom
cartoned: simple past and past participle of carton
shammied: simple past and past participle of shammy
chammied: simple past and past participle of chammy
chammies: third-person singular simple present indicative of chammy
chiefing: present participle and gerund of chief
chemicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of chemick
detumble: To prevent tumbling or spinning of (a satellite, an astronaut, etc.).
bleddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of bleed
killedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of kill
lookedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of look
suckedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of suck
smiledst: second-person singular simple past indicative of smile
dippedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of dip
longedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of long
fleddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of flee
filledst: second-person singular simple past indicative of fill
builtest: second-person singular simple past indicative of build
servedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of serve
diggedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of dig
demoused: simple past and past participle of demouse
demouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of demouse
cursedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of curse
passedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of pass
obeyedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of obey
relogged: simple past and past participle of relog
reburned: simple past and past participle of reburn
fibrosed: simple past and past participle of fibrose
repiling: present participle and gerund of repile
respools: third-person singular simple present indicative of respool
castedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of cast
deckedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of deck
pouredst: second-person singular simple past indicative of pour
trespace: Obsolete spelling of trespass
turniped: simple past and past participle of turnip
girdedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of gird
landslid: simple past and past participle of landslide
trogging: present participle and gerund of trog
syphered: simple past and past participle of sypher
deputied: simple past and past participle of deputy
upgunned: simple past and past participle of upgun
precured: simple past and past participle of precure
precures: third-person singular simple present indicative of precure
preaging: present participle and gerund of preage
abasedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of abase
prerinse: To rinse in advance.
prayedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of pray
sinnedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of sin
preenact: To enact in advance.
judgedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of judge
hollooed: simple past and past participle of holloo
pretaste: To take a previous or initial taste.
honoreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of honor
honorest: second-person singular simple present indicative of honor
biddedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of bid
beatedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of beat
strodest: second-person singular simple past indicative of stride
strovest: second-person singular simple past indicative of strive
shookest: second-person singular simple past indicative of shake
clombest: second-person singular simple past indicative of climb
shinedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of shine
awakedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of awake
troddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of tread
hangedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of hang
swammest: second-person singular simple past indicative of swim
stuckest: second-person singular simple past indicative of stick
shottest: second-person singular simple past indicative of shoot
clungest: second-person singular simple past indicative of cling
heavedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of heave
flungest: second-person singular simple past indicative of fling
kneltest: second-person singular simple past indicative of kneel
speddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of speed
cuttedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of cut
breddest: second-person singular simple past indicative of breed
lettedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of let
puttedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of put
settedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of set
sleptest: second-person singular simple past indicative of sleep
wendedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of wend
hurtedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of hurt
fittedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of fit
quittest: second-person singular simple present indicative of quit
quitteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of quit
weddedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of wed
shapedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of shape
washedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of wash
carvedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of carve
borylate: To modify by means of borylation
rescheme: To replan.
cycloadd: To add by means of cycloaddition
deviding: present participle and gerund of devide
talkedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of talk
ungraves: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungrave
hotkeyed: simple past and past participle of hotkey
sent out: simple past and past participle of send out
abusedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of abuse
blouding: present participle and gerund of bloud
sparsens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sparsen
turneyed: simple past and past participle of turney
evomited: simple past and past participle of evomit
umbelaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of umbelap
floofing: present participle and gerund of floof.
upstaffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of upstaff
unpasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpass
spreeing: present participle and gerund of spree
meemawed: simple past and past participle of meemaw
memawing: present participle and gerund of memaw
rewalted: simple past and past participle of rewalt
wild fed: simple past and past participle of wild feed
wildfeed: Alternative form of wild feed
unseizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unseize
wind off: To unwind, unspool, or unreel something.
wind off: To cancel (an event) due to high wind speeds.
bespeech: To address in speech
wet sand: To sand using extremely fine-grained sandpaper, using a lubricant such as water or oil to prevent the sandpaper from clogging.
wet sand: To smooth damp material using a sponge.
wet-sand: Alternative form of wet sand
wet-sand: To sand with fine-grained sandpaper and lubricant.
wet-sand: Alternative form of wet sand
wet-sand: To smooth with a sponge.
churn up: To make the ground uneven, generally unintentionally.
churn up: To make turbulent.
tying up: present participle and gerund of tie up
puked up: simple past and past participle of puke up
pukes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of puke up
pouffing: present participle and gerund of pouffe
pouffing: present participle and gerund of pouff
bluesify: To adapt to sound like blues.
overglow: To beam or radiate; glow exceedingly or excessively
outspits: third-person singular simple present indicative of outspit
cone off: To close (part of a road) by putting traffic cones around.
coopeted: simple past and past participle of coopete
coopetes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coopete
querling: present participle and gerund of querl
seen fit: past participle of see fit
inmingle: Alternative form of enmingle
enmingle: To mingle in or into; comingle; mix
chaotize: To make, or to become chaotic
scraming: present participle and gerund of scram
surjects: third-person singular simple present indicative of surject
unmanage: To cease to manage; to relinquish ownership or control of.
mee-maws: third-person singular simple present indicative of mee-maw
cubulate: To convert or be converted into a cubulation
precover: To find an older image of an object in archived images after it has been discovered.
tiddered: simple past and past participle of tidder
stays up: third-person singular simple present indicative of stay up
causeing: Archaic spelling of causing.
writeing: Archaic spelling of writing.
writeing: Misspelling of writing.
setleing: Obsolete spelling of settling
issueing: Archaic spelling of issuing.
issueing: Misspelling of issuing.
live out: To not reside on the premises of one's employer (used especially of domestic staff such as nannies, cooks, maids, etc.)
live out: To fulfill or act out a dream or fantasy or aspiration.
live out: To pass time or to pass the remainder of one's life, especially in a particular place or situation.
inmewing: present participle and gerund of inmew
detether: To disconnect (something previously tethered).
retether: To tether again; to reconnect or reattach.
enmixing: present participle and gerund of enmix
died out: simple past and past participle of die out
dies out: third-person singular simple present indicative of die out
blackbox: Alternative form of black box
metrized: simple past and past participle of metrize
oversits: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversit
degomble: To remove accreted snow before entering a building.
sold off: simple past and past participle of sell off
slid off: simple past and past participle of slide off.
enamells: third-person singular simple present indicative of enamell
repopped: simple past and past participle of repop
depledge: To revoke one's pledge of allegiance to a college fraternity.
thwipped: simple past and past participle of thwip
trojaned: simple past and past participle of trojan
unfounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of unfound
misgroup: To group wrongly.
casts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cast up
la-la-ed: simple past and past participle of la-la
viddying: present participle and gerund of viddy
deloaded: simple past and past participle of deload
blopping: present participle and gerund of blop
bloquing: present participle and gerund of bloque
costates: third-person singular simple present indicative of costate
cotravel: To travel along with another
unbiting: present participle and gerund of unbite
chums up: third-person singular simple present indicative of chum up
camelize: To change a variable or object name that consists of several words into camel case.
camelize: To make or become a camel or camel-like.
uncancel: To take back, undo the act of canceling (someone or something).
precodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of precode
ran deep: simple past of run deep
backuped: Misconstruction of backed up
tells on: third-person singular simple present indicative of tell on
Rogeting: present participle and gerund of Roget
paradrop: To deliver goods or equipment by dropping of a parachute
gussying: present participle and gerund of gussy
undrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of undrown
bewastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewaste
bewasted: simple past and past participle of bewaste
hated on: simple past and past participle of hate on
defloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of defloat
atreding: present participle and gerund of atrede
atrining: present participle and gerund of atrine
atriding: present participle and gerund of atride
atsaking: present participle and gerund of atsake
atwiting: present participle and gerund of atwite
bebaying: present participle and gerund of bebay
betining: present participle and gerund of betine
becaring: present participle and gerund of becare
ballbust: Alternative form of ball-bust
unballed: simple past and past participle of unball
fruitens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fruiten
swartens: third-person singular simple present indicative of swarten
clumsing: present participle and gerund of clumse
unlosing: present participle and gerund of unlose
unspends: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspend
bangs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bang up
rips one: third-person singular simple present indicative of rip one
nods off: third-person singular simple present indicative of nod off
carks it: third-person singular simple present indicative of cark it
stops by: third-person singular simple present indicative of stop by
stops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of stop up
gives by: third-person singular simple present indicative of give by
drops by: third-person singular simple present indicative of drop by
preplant: To plant prior to another action (especially another planting)
edgelord: To behave like an edgelord; to provoke with risque behaviour.
zeribaed: simple past and past participle of zeriba
off-cast: Alternative form of offcast
kirtling: present participle and gerund of kirtle.
outdrunk: past participle of outdrink
efflower: To graze; (leatherworking) to remove the outer surface of (a skin) with a knife.
bedrinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedrink
bulks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bulk up
spits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of spit up
sees red: third-person singular simple present indicative of see red
unaborts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unabort
paws off: third-person singular simple present indicative of paw off
takes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of take up
pads out: third-person singular simple present indicative of pad out
an heros: third-person singular simple present indicative of an hero
betoning: present participle and gerund of betone
puggered: simple past and past participle of pugger
outarmed: simple past and past participle of outarm
dreeping: present participle and gerund of dreep
imbowels: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbowel
beflayed: simple past of beflay
inamours: third-person singular simple present indicative of inamour
recovred: simple past and past participle of recovre
answeare: Obsolete spelling of answer
todriven: past participle of todrive
wellcome: Obsolete spelling of welcome
subcross: To create a hybrid between two hybrids.
subcross: To cross below something.
subcross: To calculate a subcross.
borrowes: third-person singular simple present indicative of borrowe
bepowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of bepower
romaging: present participle and gerund of romage
Gift-Aid: To declare (a charitable donation that one is making) as eligible for Gift Aid.
coitized: simple past and past participle of coitize
coitizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of coitize
unpurple: To (cause to) cease to be purple.
namasted: simple past and past participle of namaste
unsights: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsight
bodyjack: To forcibly seize control of someone's body, sometimes by replacing or exchanging minds.
claiking: present participle and gerund of claik
bewaving: present participle and gerund of bewave
mislooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislook
bars out: third-person singular simple present indicative of bar out
reabused: simple past and past participle of reabuse
reabuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reabuse
bourding: present participle and gerund of bourd
sattling: present participle and gerund of sattle
deshelve: To remove from a shelf.
deshelve: To make unavailable or inactive.
metooing: present participle and gerund of metoo
datuming: present participle and gerund of datum
hunt out: To track down; to find by searching.
lift off: Synonym of take off (leave the ground and begin flight).
sullowed: simple past and past participle of sullow
hire out: To allow others to use temporarily in exchange for money.
hire out: To arrange to do work for money.
jump out: To emerge suddenly.
jump out: To emerge suddenly.
jump out: To exit a loop, function, etc. ending its execution before it has reached its terminating condition.
jump out: To be obviously, noticeably different; to capture an observer's attention at once.
jump out: To expel (a member) from a criminal gang.
jump out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see jump, out.
katalyse: Alternative form of catalyse
slocking: present participle and gerund of slock
wrixling: present participle and gerund of wrixle
stutting: present participle and gerund of stut
unzoomed: simple past and past participle of unzoom
shindled: simple past and past participle of shindle
unexpire: To cause (a password or other setting) no longer to be expired; to restore as valid.
gloppens: third-person singular simple present indicative of gloppen
swebbing: present participle and gerund of sweb
adreeing: present participle and gerund of adree
anealing: present participle and gerund of aneal
atending: present participle and gerund of atend
asweving: present participle and gerund of asweve
seiyuued: simple past and past participle of seiyuu
attaling: present participle and gerund of attal
outruled: simple past and past participle of outrule
outrules: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrule
termited: simple past and past participle of termite
paid off: simple past and past participle of pay off
pays off: third-person singular simple present indicative of pay off
courseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of course
prick up: To rise and become more alert.
prick up: To raise (one's ears).
prick up: To apply an undercoat of plaster in order to create a smooth surface for the final coat.
safening: present participle and gerund of safen
encursed: simple past and past participle of encurse
encurses: third-person singular simple present indicative of encurse
impedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of impede
imbibeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbibe
wandreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wander
befaling: present participle and gerund of befal
phasered: simple past and past participle of phaser
envoking: present participle and gerund of envoke
blecking: present participle and gerund of bleck
lawnmows: third-person singular simple present indicative of lawnmow
front up: To lead or represent.
front up: To show up; to appear or present oneself.
front up: To meet with one's best efforts.
front up: To face; to confront or challenge.
front up: To admit or confess.
front up: To pay in advance or give with the expectation of being reimbursed later.
bequotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bequote
bequoted: simple past and past participle of bequote
broileth: third-person singular simple present indicative of broil
adrawing: present participle and gerund of adraw
forslong: simple past of forsling
foredrew: simple past of foredraw
forehewn: past participle of forehew
foregave: simple past of foregive
foresung: past participle of foresing
forekent: past participle of foreken
chose up: simple past of choose up
crept up: simple past and past participle of creep up
de-mucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-muck
destocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of destock
induring: present participle and gerund of indure
babbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of babble
remounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of remound
unabates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unabate
becarves: third-person singular simple present indicative of becarve
becarved: simple past and past participle of becarve
enliving: present participle and gerund of enlive
metrizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of metrize
float at: To present or make available to; offer, especially prospectively.
float at: To arrive without warning, but not suddenly.
chops up: third-person singular simple present indicative of chop up
threping: present participle and gerund of threpe
dringing: present participle and gerund of dring
misasked: simple past and past participle of misask
deranked: simple past and past participle of derank
diedrate: To die from dehydration; Only used in hydrate or diedrate
de-ranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-rank
Epsteins: third-person singular simple present indicative of Epstein
gridling: present participle and gerund of gridle
Jesusing: present participle and gerund of Jesus
zarebaed: simple past and past participle of zareba
zerebaed: simple past and past participle of zereba
heavened: simple past and past participle of heaven
atroking: present participle and gerund of atroke
assraped: simple past and past participle of assrape
assrapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of assrape
hailsing: present participle and gerund of hailse
onlooked: simple past and past participle of onlook
nuncling: present participle and gerund of nuncle
prechunk: To split into conceptual chunks in advance.
skellies: third-person singular simple present indicative of skelly
tappying: present participle and gerund of tappy
subclips: third-person singular simple present indicative of subclip
eased up: simple past and past participle of ease up
eases up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ease up
blorping: present participle and gerund of blorp
accrueth: third-person singular simple present indicative of accrue
remowing: present participle and gerund of remow
nibbleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of nibble
see shit: Synonym of see things
saw shit: simple past of see shit
augureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of augur
recedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of recede
inhereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhere
cohereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cohere
adhereth: third-person singular simple present indicative of adhere
leeroyed: simple past and past participle of leeroy
jolleyed: simple past and past participle of jolley
rearends: third-person singular simple present indicative of rearend
nodulize: To form into nodules.
nodulize: To form nodules.
dubbined: simple past and past participle of dubbin
exclamed: simple past and past participle of exclame
becreeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of becreep
engraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of engrace
unassign: To remove or undo the assignment of.
requeues: third-person singular simple present indicative of requeue
requeued: simple past and past participle of requeue
beduking: present participle and gerund of beduke
brimmeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of brim
danicize: Alternative letter-case form of Danicize.
oil pull: To swish vegetable oil in one's mouth for the purpose of detoxing the body and healing the teeth and gums
go in on: To contribute money for a joint purchase.
go in on: To participate in; to join.
rejoying: present participle and gerund of rejoy
wig-wags: third-person singular simple present indicative of wig-wag (alternative form of wigwags)
inciding: present participle and gerund of incide
Oslerize: To euthanize a person as a consequence of their having reached old age.
deliming: present participle and gerund of delime
debiases: third-person singular simple present indicative of debias
halsened: simple past and past participle of halsen
nommused: simple past and past participle of nommus
namoused: simple past and past participle of namous
nommuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of nommus
nammuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of nammus
nammused: simple past and past participle of nammus
namouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of namous
thoiling: present participle and gerund of thoil
acrasing: present participle and gerund of acrase
unreject: To undo the rejection of; to accept back.
beshears: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshear
usurpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of usurp
japanize: Alternative letter-case form of Japanize
admining: present participle and gerund of admin
hotlined: simple past and past participle of hotline
thwarten: To be positioned contrary to; be set against; oppose; hinder
bespouse: To marry
anvilled: simple past and past participle of anvil
conteyne: Obsolete spelling of contain
snopeses: third-person singular simple present indicative of snopes
ykindled: past participle of kindle
mythbust: To dispel a stereotype or misconception.
storm in: To enter a place angrily.
untracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrack
pixilate: Misspelling of pixelate.
softlock: To be in or cause a softlock; to remain playable but unable to progress.
vultured: simple past and past participle of vulture
outblows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outblow
outpuffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpuff
outshove: To shove harder or better than; outcompete by shoving
spin-dry: To dry in a spin dryer
goobered: simple past and past participle of goober
overnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of overnap
told off: simple past and past participle of tell off
chopsing: present participle and gerund of chopse
conturbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of conturb
gayifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of gayify
gayified: simple past and past participle of gayify
overbody: To give too much body to.
eat twat: Synonym of eat pussy
costains: third-person singular simple present indicative of costain
decommit: To withdraw from a commitment.
go viral: To be rapidly and frequently shared, especially through social media, but (with retroactive application to pre-internet occurrences) also via gossip or as a collective response to broadcasting or widespread print circulation.
emburden: To place a responsibility or hindrance upon; to burden.
flairing: present participle and gerund of flair
pre-mine: To mine units of a cryptocurrency before its official launch.
enwrites: third-person singular simple present indicative of enwrite
bluntens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blunten
free-mix: To mingle and socialize with members of the opposite sex.
befright: To fill with fright; make afraid; scare; frighten
desucker: To remove the suckers from a plant.
drag ass: To move slowly, or lag behind.
ignorize: To promote ignorance; to withhold from education.
muraling: present participle and gerund of mural
unperked: simple past and past participle of unperk
macraméd: simple past and past participle of macramé
critting: present participle and gerund of crit
olfacted: simple past and past participle of olfact
devouted: Obsolete form of devoted.
Texanize: To make Texan.
queerify: To make queer; to cause not to conform to mainstream sexual identity or behaviour.
hijabify: (Of a woman) to veil oneself with a hijab.
sexfight: To compete in a sexfight.
roffling: present participle and gerund of roffle
chain up: To put in chains
chain up: To put chains on the tires of a vehicle to increase traction.
lives on: third-person singular simple present indicative of live on
roundin': Pronunciation spelling of rounding.
floppin': Pronunciation spelling of flopping.
spankin': Pronunciation spelling of spanking.
clappin': Pronunciation spelling of clapping.
adjureth: third-person singular simple present indicative of adjure
friggled: simple past and past participle of friggle
friggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of friggle
hotwalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotwalk
disquote: To transform a quoted utterance into an actual statement about the world.
bedances: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedance
bedanced: simple past and past participle of bedance
maistred: simple past and past participle of maistre
returnes: third-person singular simple present indicative of returne
accedeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of accede
deborder: to remove the borders from
deborder: to free from the restrictions of a border
sportses: third-person singular simple present indicative of sports
sportsed: simple past and past participle of sports
appeares: third-person singular simple present indicative of appeare
analgese: To apply or administer analgesia to.
defuncts: third-person singular simple present indicative of defunct
configed: simple past and past participle of config
inshells: third-person singular simple present indicative of inshell
reexited: simple past and past participle of reexit
desyring: present participle and gerund of desyre
petarded: simple past and past participle of petard
berghing: present participle and gerund of bergh
forgrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of forgrow
forgrown: past participle of forgrow
vaginize: To emasculate.
straited: simple past and past participle of strait
profuses: third-person singular simple present indicative of profuse
birdying: present participle and gerund of birdie
relifing: present participle and gerund of relife
bedogged: simple past and past participle of bedog
misowned: simple past and past participle of misown
say when: An imperative form used to request that the interlocutor indicate when one should stop doing something, esp. pouring a drink, because one has reached a sufficient amount.
vardered: simple past and past participle of varder
unguilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unguilt
rehonour: Alternative form of rehonor
braideth: third-person singular simple present indicative of braid
borrying: present participle and gerund of borry
supputed: simple past and past participle of suppute
upleaned: simple past and past participle of uplean
thraving: present participle and gerund of thrave
overplot: To plot (data) on top of a previous plot.
famouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of famous
overfear: To fear excessively; to be too afraid of.
remewing: present participle and gerund of remew
overmelt: To melt too much.
Gollumed: simple past and past participle of Gollum
swattles: third-person singular simple present indicative of swattle
swattled: simple past and past participle of swattle
misfuels: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfuel
misfucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfuck
pyrolize: To perform or undergo pyrolysis.
charpers: third-person singular simple present indicative of charper
recasing: present participle and gerund of recase
lurrying: present participle and gerund of lurry
panelize: To divide into panels.
locusted: simple past and past participle of locust
fordeems: third-person singular simple present indicative of fordeem
deceaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of deceave
deceaved: simple past and past participle of deceave
denuking: present participle and gerund of denuke
grenaded: simple past and past participle of grenade
hoddling: present participle and gerund of hoddle
complify: Synonym of complicate
dime out: To report to the authorities; to snitch on.
spike up: to cause to become spiky
spike up: to become spiky
spike up: to increase sharply
unspoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspoil
unsnares: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsnare
unwiping: present participle and gerund of unwipe
upsought: simple past and past participle of upseek
vialling: present participle and gerund of vial
uncuring: present participle and gerund of uncure
unwindow: To remove the window(s) or pane(s) from.
onsights: third-person singular simple present indicative of onsight
unwhelms: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwhelm
oversent: simple past and past participle of oversend
bumpfire: To fire a gun using bumpfire, either deliberately or accidentally.
outshows: third-person singular simple present indicative of outshow
outshown: past participle of outshow
unhating: present participle and gerund of unhate
begummed: simple past and past participle of begum
unpastes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpaste
blottoed: simple past and past participle of blotto.
undarken: To take away the darkness (from something).
unbrutes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbrute
unbruted: simple past and past participle of unbrute
jabbling: present participle and gerund of jabble
bedagged: simple past and past participle of bedag
schlomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of schlomp
carrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of carroll (alternative form of carols)
emplumes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplume
zithered: simple past and past participle of zither
niddered: simple past and past participle of nidder
phialled: simple past and past participle of phial
reesting: present participle and gerund of reest
quassing: present participle and gerund of quass
quabbing: present participle and gerund of quab
treat of: To deal with (a subject).
immanate: To flow inward.
pixelize: To pixelate; to convert into pixels.
upblazed: simple past and past participle of upblaze
upblazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of upblaze
jaunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of jaunder
tervying: present participle and gerund of tervy
discharm: To remove the charm, or power of a charm, from.
plapping: present participle and gerund of plap
mistally: To miscount.
glimming: present participle and gerund of glim
delaming: present participle and gerund of delam
retossed: simple past and past participle of retoss
retosses: third-person singular simple present indicative of retoss
mean-mug: To shoot a dirty look at (someone); to express hostility or menace towards (someone) through a dirty look.
overyear: To keep (seed, etc.) from the previous year.
tears up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tear up
boweling: present participle and gerund of bowel
flimping: present participle and gerund of flimp
whisting: present participle and gerund of whist
siccates: third-person singular simple present indicative of siccate
siccated: simple past and past participle of siccate
trinkled: simple past and past participle of trinkle
trinkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of trinkle
glumming: present participle and gerund of glum
geaching: present participle and gerund of geach
roggling: present participle and gerund of roggle
hotwifes: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotwife
hotwifed: simple past and past participle of hotwife
sicklify: To make sickly or sickish
fleching: present participle and gerund of fleche
flèching: present participle and gerund of flèche
scrowdge: Alternative form of scrouge (“to crowd; squeeze”)
uncramps: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncramp
miswends: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswend
skoaling: present participle and gerund of skoal
speeched: simple past and past participle of speech
goodbyed: simple past and past participle of goodbye
evinceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of evince
outmoved: simple past and past participle of outmove
outmoves: third-person singular simple present indicative of outmove
showjump: To take part in showjumping.
drapping: present participle and gerund of drap
enmiring: present participle and gerund of enmire
ethering: present participle and gerund of ether
intoneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of intone
benewing: present participle and gerund of benew
overcode: To use as an overcode for.
overcode: To act as an overcode for.
overcode: To use a particular code or set of codes too much.
overcode: To code too many things or include too many codes in a coding system.
beclarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclart
beclepes: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclepe
bemulces: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemulce
coathing: present participle and gerund of coath
bekenned: simple past and past participle of beken
areaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of areach
upyields: third-person singular simple present indicative of upyield
incastle: To add castles to a place.
encastle: Alternative form of incastle: To add castles to a place.
daresays: third-person singular simple present indicative of daresay
fimbling: present participle and gerund of fimble
rat-fink: Alternative form of ratfink.
chackles: third-person singular simple present indicative of chackle
anionize: To treat with anions.
toltered: simple past and past participle of tolter
mummocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mummock
repiqued: simple past and past participle of repique
shamoyed: simple past and past participle of shamoy
inslaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of inslave
inslaved: simple past and past participle of inslave
rizzling: present participle and gerund of rizzle
overtill: To till too much.
overtilt: To tip over; to upset.
overtilt: To tilt too far.
plows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of plow up
braggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of braggle
inblands: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbland
inblinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inblind
emblinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of emblind
inbuilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbuild
bemourns: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemourn
imbrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of imbring
inlights: third-person singular simple present indicative of inlight
up-plows: third-person singular simple present indicative of up-plow
forhaled: simple past and past participle of forhale
forhales: third-person singular simple present indicative of forhale
overnets: third-person singular simple present indicative of overnet
embrines: third-person singular simple present indicative of embrine
atstands: third-person singular simple present indicative of atstand
atscapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atscape
atstunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of atstunt
atshoots: third-person singular simple present indicative of atshoot
atshakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atshake
atslikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of atslike
faintens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fainten
blissens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blissen
blindens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blinden
blithens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blithen
whettens: third-person singular simple present indicative of whetten
filthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of filthen
worthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of worthen
querkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of querken
queazens: third-person singular simple present indicative of queazen
gingling: present participle and gerund of gingle
inhearse: Alternative form of enhearse
moffling: present participle and gerund of moffle
whirrets: third-person singular simple present indicative of whirret
twankles: third-person singular simple present indicative of twankle
malkying: present participle and gerund of malky
renvoyed: simple past and past participle of renvoy
twankled: simple past and past participle of twankle
ego-trip: To go on an ego trip; to behave in such a manner.
gammocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gammock
grogging: present participle and gerund of grog
bepester: To vex or pester greatly.
sogering: present participle and gerund of soger
unsaving: present participle and gerund of unsave
repurged: simple past and past participle of repurge
depermed: simple past and past participle of deperm
unlaunch: To undo or reverse the launching of.
reasting: present participle and gerund of reast
dranting: present participle and gerund of drant
skearing: present participle and gerund of skear
accrewed: simple past and past participle of accrew
brairded: simple past and past participle of braird
riddered: simple past and past participle of ridder
spelches: third-person singular simple present indicative of spelch
refooted: simple past and past participle of refoot
beshakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshake
forwears: third-person singular simple present indicative of forwear
does for: third-person singular simple present indicative of do for
forleets: third-person singular simple present indicative of forleet
rags out: third-person singular simple present indicative of rag out
bandited: simple past and past participle of bandit
logicked: simple past and past participle of logic
effrayed: simple past and past participle of effray
biocoded: simple past and past participle of biocode
biocodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of biocode
bio-code: To mark using a bio-code.
tally up: To count or sum; to add up.
rebitten: past participle of rebite
densened: simple past and past participle of densen
pigstuck: simple past and past participle of pigstick
crudened: simple past and past participle of cruden
truthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of truthen
spicened: simple past and past participle of spicen
tartened: simple past and past participle of tarten
dankened: simple past and past participle of danken
falsened: simple past and past participle of falsen
dectuple: To multiply by ten.
crozzles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crozzle
unexists: third-person singular simple present indicative of unexist
foxproof: To make resistant to the predations of foxes.
palening: present participle and gerund of palen
bestands: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestand
pigstick: To stab.
pigstick: To hunt pigs.
bechides: third-person singular simple present indicative of bechide
heatened: simple past and past participle of heaten
hottened: simple past and past participle of hotten
mirkened: simple past and past participle of mirken
saltened: simple past and past participle of salten
wastened: simple past and past participle of wasten
murgeons: third-person singular simple present indicative of murgeon
streaken: To mark or become marked with streaks.
decrieth: third-person singular simple present indicative of decry
bravened: simple past and past participle of braven
greyened: simple past and past participle of greyen
laxening: present participle and gerund of laxen
cutening: present participle and gerund of cuten
stricten: To make or become strict; tighten
soothens: third-person singular simple present indicative of soothen
accumbed: simple past and past participle of accumb
carriest: second-person singular simple present indicative of carry
neshened: simple past and past participle of neshen
delayeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of delay
createth: third-person singular simple present indicative of create
benetted: simple past and past participle of benet
kaizened: simple past and past participle of kaizen
gaunched: simple past and past participle of gaunch
gaunches: third-person singular simple present indicative of gaunch
torified: simple past and past participle of torify
torifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of torify
shroffed: simple past and past participle of shroff
areached: simple past and past participle of areach
gledging: present participle and gerund of gledge
busts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bust up
unredact: To restore (redacted material).
unredact: To restore redacted material in (a document).
unitated: simple past and past participle of unitate
refelled: simple past and past participle of refel
noddling: present participle and gerund of noddle
Grecised: simple past and past participle of Grecise
Grecises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Grecise
buy over: To gain the support of (a person) through bribery.
stravage: to wander aimlessly.
stravage: to gallivant.
overteem: To be filled or swarming with something.
overteem: To exhaust or deplete by producing excessively.
fambling: present participle and gerund of famble
groupify: To form into a group.
reheaded: simple past and past participle of rehead
misissue: To issue in error.
bewields: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewield
disnests: third-person singular simple present indicative of disnest
outcycle: To exceed or outpace in cycling; cycle faster than (another)
baldened: simple past and past participle of balden
slush up: To fill (spaces in masonry) with mortar.
weigh on: To cause distress to or impose a burden on; to trouble.
bepepper: To pepper, to spice with pepper, to add pepper to.
bepepper: To pepper, to add to.
daytrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of daytrip
hex edit: To manipulate the fundamental binary data that constitutes a computer file using a hex editor, which displays the data in hexadecimal format.
coolened: simple past and past participle of coolen
day-trip: To go on a one-day excursion; To visit someplace and return within a day.
adiating: present participle and gerund of adiate
obtusing: present participle and gerund of obtuse.
does ill: third-person singular simple present indicative of do ill
ram-pack: To pack tightly by applying pressure.
ram-pack: To fill to capacity.
strubbed: simple past and past participle of strub
besmooch: To give smooches to; smooch all over
leniates: third-person singular simple present indicative of leniate
leniated: simple past and past participle of leniate
babyfied: simple past and past participle of babyfy
deceding: present participle and gerund of decede
babyfies: third-person singular simple present indicative of babyfy
cut logs: To sleep.
athetise: Britain standard spelling of athetize.
decatize: To steam something (typically a fabric) with the intention of uncurling it, giving it a lustre, or fixing a finish on it.
moonruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of moonrun
besighed: simple past and past participle of besigh
unclaims: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclaim
reossify: To ossify again.
rewooded: simple past and past participle of rewood
overrack: To torture beyond bearing.
chunkify: To break or divide into chunks; to segment.
bescares: third-person singular simple present indicative of bescare
beshares: third-person singular simple present indicative of beshare
bluening: present participle and gerund of bluen
deraying: present participle and gerund of deray
defreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of defreak
misranks: third-person singular simple present indicative of misrank
beflecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of befleck
rudening: present participle and gerund of ruden
unthrive: To be unsuccessful
rehaired: simple past and past participle of rehair
bullered: simple past and past participle of buller
Twitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of Twitter
denetted: simple past and past participle of denet
tabbying: present participle and gerund of tabby
emmuring: present participle and gerund of emmure
go amiss: To be unhelpful or inappropriate: usually used in the negative, as "not go amiss", to express that something would be welcome or useful.
go amiss: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see go, amiss.
co-owned: simple past and past participle of co-own
topscore: To score more than anyone else in a particular match or competition.
finangle: Alternative form of finagle
outtasks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outtask
outropes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outrope
deblouse: To untuck one's trousers from one's boots; unblouse.
deblouse: To remove the blouse from.
resinize: To treat with resin.
rebursed: simple past and past participle of reburse
reburses: third-person singular simple present indicative of reburse
Sundayed: simple past and past participle of Sunday
reroasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reroast
rebailed: simple past and past participle of rebail
rotavape: Alternative form of rotovap
spy-hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of spy-hop
spy hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of spy hop
lobtails: third-person singular simple present indicative of lobtail
dishomed: simple past and past participle of dishome
dishomes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dishome
outbears: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbear
recompel: To compel again.
bevoiced: simple past and past participle of bevoice
bevoices: third-person singular simple present indicative of bevoice
overdrug: To drug too heavily.
outborne: past participle of outbear
BLASTing: present participle and gerund of BLAST
part out: To disassemble (a system such as a computer or a car) in order to reuse the component parts.
reviveth: third-person singular simple present indicative of revive
overdrop: To drop over; to overhang.
sollared: simple past and past participle of sollar
transing: present participle and gerund of trans
mickeyed: simple past and past participle of mickey
anergize: To have (or to cause to have) no response to an antigen or antibody
outbests: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbest
reresect: To resect again.
trues up: third-person singular simple present indicative of true up
trued up: simple past and past participle of true up
whingles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whingle
whingled: simple past and past participle of whingle
forbeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of forbeat
bebreaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebreak
derobing: present participle and gerund of derobe
beats it: third-person singular simple present indicative of beat it
overputs: third-person singular simple present indicative of overput
sods off: third-person singular simple present indicative of sod off
flurring: present participle and gerund of flurr
recirced: simple past and past participle of recirc
skeevin': Pronunciation spelling of skeeving.
survenes: third-person singular simple present indicative of survene
wee-weed: simple past and past participle of wee-wee
is a man: third-person singular simple present indicative of be a man
wee-wees: third-person singular simple present indicative of wee-wee
smutties: third-person singular simple present indicative of smutty
smuttied: simple past and past participle of smutty
ran late: simple past of run late
run late: To be late; to fail to be on time.
smurring: present participle and gerund of smur
order up: To summon for military duty.
order up: To place an order for (something).
laid low: simple past and past participle of lay low
lain low: past participle of lie low
lays low: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay low
lies low: third-person singular simple present indicative of lie low
ungutted: simple past and past participle of ungut
unwrecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwreck
fanwanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of fanwank
chirling: present participle and gerund of chirl
tabering: present participle and gerund of taber
emparted: simple past and past participle of empart
essoynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of essoyne
essoyned: simple past and past participle of essoyne
stryding: present participle and gerund of stryde
unsquire: To strip of the dignity of squire.
unflower: To strip the flowers from.
unflower: To deflower; to take the virginity of.
frollick: Obsolete form of frolic.
misallot: To allot or apportion badly or wrongly.
mispages: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispage
mistying: present participle and gerund of mistie
mispaged: simple past and past participle of mispage
miseaten: past participle of miseat
infotain: To inform and entertain.
misstamp: To stamp incorrectly.
sees out: third-person singular simple present indicative of see out
consumpt: To consume.
orienate: (archaic) To move or turn toward the east; to veer from the north or south toward the east.
pushmows: third-person singular simple present indicative of pushmow
push-mow: Alternative form of push mow
push mow: To mow a lawn using a push mower.
unjudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjudge
comshaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of comshaw
snurfing: present participle and gerund of snurf
unbeasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbeast
parasurf: To participate in parasurfing
eye-fuck: Alternative form of eyefuck
eye fuck: Alternative form of eyefuck
sinewing: present participle and gerund of sinew
car-bomb: To attack with a car bomb
commaing: present participle and gerund of comma
wellwish: Alternative form of well-wish
blondens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blonden
renodded: simple past and past participle of renod
head-hop: In writing fiction, to switch suddenly from one character's perspective to another's, disrupting the flow of the story.
is there: third-person singular simple present indicative of be there
sprucify: To smarten; spruce up.
outmated: simple past and past participle of outmate
outmates: third-person singular simple present indicative of outmate
whatsapp: Alternative letter-case form of WhatsApp
superfat: To use excess fat in soapmaking to consume the alkali and give the soap a more moisturizing effect.
headgame: Alternative form of head-game
coingest: To ingest together, or with something else.
beweighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of beweigh
bebeasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebeast
bebarred: simple past and past participle of bebar
bemulced: simple past and past participle of bemulce
beblasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beblast
bebleeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of bebleed
bewaters: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewater
bebarked: simple past and past participle of bebark
berisped: simple past and past participle of berisp
re-tease: To tease again.
beborken: past participle of bebark
betwound: simple past and past participle of betwynde
rerotate: To rotate again.
reshaded: simple past and past participle of reshade
reshades: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshade
bedrivel: to drivel on, to put or spill saliva on
rescream: To scream again.
taglined: simple past and past participle of tagline
outhacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhack
skumming: present participle and gerund of skum
minusing: present participle and gerund of minus
condoize: To convert to a condo.
cotested: simple past and past participle of cotest
Igboizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Igboize
Igboized: simple past and past participle of Igboize
slancing: present participle and gerund of slance
softmods: third-person singular simple present indicative of softmod
set nets: third-person singular simple present indicative of set net
set-nets: third-person singular simple present indicative of set-net
reengine: To put in a new engine.
carroted: simple past and past participle of carrot
overrely: To rely too much (on something or someone); to be overly dependent (on) or expectant (about).
upslants: third-person singular simple present indicative of upslant
rat fuck: Alternative form of ratfuck
rat-fuck: Alternative form of ratfuck
bechalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of bechalk
desposed: simple past and past participle of despose
gratinee: Alternative spelling of gratinée
misdrops: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdrop
highered: simple past and past participle of higher
redazzle: To dazzle again or anew.
tanks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tank up
premould: Alternative form of premold
premolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of premold
prefades: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefade
Kondoing: present participle and gerund of Kondo
safetify: To make safe, to add safety to.
detrunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrunk
untyedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of untye
fakieing: present participle and gerund of fakie
prefired: simple past and past participle of prefire
untrunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrunk
prefires: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefire
pre-fire: To shoot at the anticipated location of another player before they are visible or within range.
flintify: To turn to flint.
revowing: present participle and gerund of revow
reawards: third-person singular simple present indicative of reaward
glubbing: present participle and gerund of glub
hee haws: third-person singular simple present indicative of hee haw
defueled: simple past and past participle of defuel
dekinked: simple past and past participle of dekink
bouffing: present participle and gerund of bouffe
moisting: present participle and gerund of moist
mistried: simple past and past participle of mistry
mistries: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistry
ruttling: present participle and gerund of ruttle
regirder: To replace the girders of.
rebridge: To bridge again.
craps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of crap up
Eurostep: To perform a Eurostep.
upfitted: simple past of upfit
safekept: simple past and past participle of safekeep
outmarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outmark
misbrief: To brief incorrectly; to supply with wrong preparatory information.
grannied: simple past and past participle of granny
safekeep: To keep safe; to preserve from harm or loss.
scriving: present participle and gerund of scrive
beloaded: simple past and past participle of beload
big-note: To brag or boast (about).
subalign: To form a subalignment
uninvest: To take back or withdraw (something invested).
whanking: present participle and gerund of whank
gloms on: third-person singular simple present indicative of glom on
picks at: third-person singular simple present indicative of pick at
tells of: third-person singular simple present indicative of tell of
works at: third-person singular simple present indicative of work at
grabs at: third-person singular simple present indicative of grab at
inshures: third-person singular simple present indicative of inshure
marks as: third-person singular simple present indicative of mark as
stanning: present participle and gerund of stan
enarmors: third-person singular simple present indicative of enarmor
opens up: third-person singular simple present indicative of open up
sings up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sing up
envowels: third-person singular simple present indicative of envowel
empowres: third-person singular simple present indicative of empowre
emproves: third-person singular simple present indicative of emprove
enspects: third-person singular simple present indicative of enspect
impowres: third-person singular simple present indicative of impowre
destrois: third-person singular simple present indicative of destroi
instrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of instrew
enstrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstrew
locks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of lock in
receaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of receave
beguyles: third-person singular simple present indicative of beguyle
mixmatch: Mismatch.
inhances: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhance
laterise: Alternative form of laterize
stays on: third-person singular simple present indicative of stay on
asshures: third-person singular simple present indicative of asshure
eat lead: To be shot; to be hit with bullets.
eat lead: To commit suicide by shooting oneself in the mouth with a firearm.
Titanise: Alternative form of titanize
titanise: Alternative form of titanize
titanize: To coat with a layer of titanium, often in the form of titanium oxide.
titanize: To make or depict as titanic.
preblows: third-person singular simple present indicative of preblow
preblown: past participle of preblow
overtrap: To put too many traps in (an area) or among (an animal population), and thus to trap too many (animals, for their population to recover).
reheader: To give a new header to.
upboosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upboost
binds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bind up
props up: third-person singular simple present indicative of prop up
lands up: third-person singular simple present indicative of land up
sells up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sell up
heaps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of heap up
upsolves: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsolve
works up: third-person singular simple present indicative of work up
outhikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhike
outhiked: simple past and past participle of outhike
unnotice: To cease to notice.
out hike: Misspelling of outhike.
out-hike: Alternative form of outhike
curvette: Alternative form of curvet
voluming: present participle and gerund of volume
basecall: To assign a base to a chromatogram peak
unwallet: To take from a wallet.
tappiced: simple past and past participle of tappice
tappices: third-person singular simple present indicative of tappice
spherise: Alternative form of spherize
dripples: third-person singular simple present indicative of dripple
drippled: simple past and past participle of dripple
uncement: To free or remove from a cemented position.
valudate: Misspelling of validate.
stulting: present participle and gerund of stult
withtook: simple past of withtake
nope out: To leave a place or abandon a situation or activity, usually quickly, because of feelings of fear or disgust.
demucify: To remove the mucus from
onloaded: simple past and past participle of onload
choogles: third-person singular simple present indicative of choogle
sixthing: present participle and gerund of sixth
ninthing: present participle and gerund of ninth
eighthed: simple past and past participle of eighth
tenthing: present participle and gerund of tenth
hoorawed: simple past and past participle of hooraw
fifthing: present participle and gerund of fifth
calorise: Alternative form of calorize
maderise: Alternative form of maderize
pay home: To strike to the quick; to retaliate.
Dutching: present participle and gerund of Dutch
phony up: To create a false version of something.
oximated: simple past and past participle of oximate
unpaving: present participle and gerund of unpave
rebarrel: To replace the barrel of (a gun).
underawe: To fail to inspire the intended degree of awe.
anted up: simple past and past participle of ante up
aced out: simple past and past participle of ace out
bulkened: simple past and past participle of bulken
atrenned: simple past and past participle of atren
atscaped: simple past and past participle of atscape
baddened: simple past and past participle of badden
atrouted: simple past and past participle of atrout
atsliked: simple past and past participle of atslike
admiered: simple past and past participle of admier
b'lieved: simple past and past participle of b'lieve
snowgoed: simple past and past participle of snowgo
snowgoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of snowgo
prodnose: To meddle; to interfere where one is unwelcome.
slowened: simple past and past participle of slowen
aged out: simple past and past participle of age out
rebottom: To repair by replacing the bottom.
monkeyfy: To cause to appear foolish; to make a monkey out of.
unabling: present participle and gerund of unable
overbled: simple past and past participle of overbleed
Tippexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Tippex
Tippexed: simple past and past participle of Tippex
overboss: To micromanage.
redsears: third-person singular simple present indicative of redsear
ate lead: simple past of eat lead
nippling: present participle and gerund of nipple
scooning: present participle and gerund of scoon
yahooing: present participle and gerund of yahoo
raggling: present participle and gerund of raggle
redilate: To dilate again or further
capsises: third-person singular simple present indicative of capsise
memrizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of memrize
fortaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of fortax
forwaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of forwax
skinnied: simple past and past participle of skinny
fordries: third-person singular simple present indicative of fordry
carneyed: simple past and past participle of carney
scambait: To pose as a potential victim of a scam, usually the Nigerian scam, in order to waste the scammer's time and resources.
bedrowse: To make drowsy.
auscults: third-person singular simple present indicative of auscult
rearrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of rearray
enecates: third-person singular simple present indicative of enecate
empleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of emplead
elimates: third-person singular simple present indicative of elimate
restones: third-person singular simple present indicative of restone
enstores: third-person singular simple present indicative of enstore
efflates: third-person singular simple present indicative of efflate
erogates: third-person singular simple present indicative of erogate
backwing: To flap the wings in such a way as to push air forward, thereby slowing forward momentum.
misvotes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misvote
moves it: third-person singular simple present indicative of move it
yo-yoing: present participle and gerund of yo-yo
froze up: simple past of freeze up
reallied: simple past and past participle of really
reallies: third-person singular simple present indicative of really
retoning: present participle and gerund of retone
womannap: To abduct or kidnap a woman.
outfunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfund
sends in: third-person singular simple present indicative of send in
overbrew: To brew for too long.
mouching: present participle and gerund of mouch
otherise: Alternative form of otherize
wealthen: To add wealth to; make wealthy
o'ercame: simple past of o'ercome
o'ercome: Alternative form of overcome
o'erlaid: simple past and past participle of o'erlay
o'erlays: third-person singular simple present indicative of o'erlay
gollared: simple past and past participle of gollar
uncables: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncable
giddyaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of giddyap
giddyups: third-person singular simple present indicative of giddyup
befrosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of befrost
ear-tags: third-person singular simple present indicative of ear-tag
deadsorb: To remove material that has accumulated at or near a surface
begowned: simple past and past participle of begown
weesting: present participle and gerund of weest
untousle: To rearrange or straighten so that it is no longer tousled.
Sinicise: Alternative letter-case form of sinicise
Sinicize: Alternative letter-case form of sinicize
coinject: To undergo coinjection
modalize: To become or cause to become modal
createst: second-person singular simple present indicative of create
defrozen: past participle of defreeze
defreeze: To defrost, to unfreeze.
prealign: To align prior to some other process
emunging: present participle and gerund of emunge
prinning: present participle and gerund of prin
toe drag: To perform a toe drag.
poldered: simple past and past participle of polder
arearing: present participle and gerund of arear
deflexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deflex
tabefied: simple past and past participle of tabefy
glossens: third-person singular simple present indicative of glossen
begluing: present participle and gerund of beglue
declimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of declimb
flash up: To appear suddenly on a screen.
salmoned: simple past and past participle of salmon
delibers: third-person singular simple present indicative of deliber
depulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of depulse
files in: third-person singular simple present indicative of file in
scomfits: third-person singular simple present indicative of scomfit
phancied: simple past and past participle of phancy
sacrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sacrate
instores: third-person singular simple present indicative of instore
phancies: third-person singular simple present indicative of phancy
manèging: present participle and gerund of manège
shuts in: third-person singular simple present indicative of shut in
pansying: present participle and gerund of pansy
indelves: third-person singular simple present indicative of indelve
adjurest: second-person singular simple present indicative of adjure
besmalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of besmall
remuster: To muster again, be gathered together again (especially of a military force).
wramping: present participle and gerund of wramp
snabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of snabble
snabbled: simple past and past participle of snabble
preeving: present participle and gerund of preeve
noyading: present participle and gerund of noyade
offthrew: simple past of offthrow
offthrow: To throw or cast off (all senses)
tharving: present participle and gerund of tharf
taxonify: To categorize.
rapeling: Misspelling of rappelling.
nosh off: To give oral sex to (usually a male recipient).
dutching: present participle and gerund of dutch
sauce up: To add sauce to; to serve sauce onto.
sauce up: To get drunk.
sauce up: To make something more saucy (sexually provocative); to sex up.
mirating: present participle and gerund of mirate
geysered: simple past and past participle of geyser
swarding: present participle and gerund of sward
tenuates: third-person singular simple present indicative of tenuate
tenuated: simple past and past participle of tenuate
be bored: To suffer from boredom. (This entry is a translation hub.)
hits off: third-person singular simple present indicative of hit off
squidded: past of squid
crufting: present participle and gerund of cruft
garneted: simple past and past participle of garnet
easening: present participle and gerund of easen
surprint: To print text or graphics elements on top of a background that is a different tint of the same color.
toepoked: simple past and past participle of toepoke
felonize: To classify a crime as a felony.
felonize: To classify a person as a felon.
unnotify: To cancel (a notification).
unnotify: To notify (a person) that a prior notification should now be disregarded.
birdnest: To make or nestle in a bird's nest
birdnest: To become entangled or dishevelled, like a bird's nest
birdnest: To collect eggs from bird's nests
sombring: present participle and gerund of sombre
spaffing: present participle and gerund of spaff
subluxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of sublux
sausaged: simple past and past participle of sausage
saved up: simple past and past participle of save up
saves up: third-person singular simple present indicative of save up
revomits: third-person singular simple present indicative of revomit
replanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of replank
reaiming: present participle and gerund of reaim
sprattle: To scramble.
forelled: simple past and past participle of forel
dog-nose: To nose around like a dog, to sniff as if searching
dog-nose: To diagnose
scrawmed: simple past and past participle of scrawm
breezens: third-person singular simple present indicative of breezen
onboards: third-person singular simple present indicative of onboard
deadhere: To detach (from)
begrouch: To grouch over; complain about
pilgered: simple past and past participle of pilger
hilching: present participle and gerund of hilch
fouls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of foul up
retinker: To tinker again.
tyranted: simple past and past participle of tyrant
scending: present participle and gerund of scend
shrowing: present participle and gerund of shrow
dehaulms: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehaulm
disloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of disload
octroyed: simple past and past participle of octroy
defleece: To remove the fleece from.
cotching: present participle and gerund of cotch
sprented: simple past and past participle of sprent
sprangle: To sprawl or straggle.
overseam: To sew with this kind of seam.
bummling: present participle and gerund of bummle
retabled: simple past and past participle of retable
makes of: third-person singular simple present indicative of make of
askances: third-person singular simple present indicative of askance
askanced: simple past and past participle of askance
simbered: simple past and past participle of simber
overpets: third-person singular simple present indicative of overpet
reworlds: third-person singular simple present indicative of reworld
ribolyse: To homogenise in a ribolyser
ribolyse: To hydrolyse a riboside
chalkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of chalken
blankens: third-person singular simple present indicative of blanken
smoaking: present participle and gerund of smoak
brassens: third-person singular simple present indicative of brassen
crowd in: To squeeze a large number of people in a small space.
skate on: To escape punishment, such as by being acquitted in court.
skate on: To barely hold on or maintain.
wild out: To react overly enthusiastically or aggressively, especially if sudden.
wild out: To stop behaving in a civilized way; to rebel against one's cultural mores.
ride off: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see ride, off.
ride off: To ride defensively so as to deflect an opposing player.
ride off: To drive away or expel (someone or something) from a location or an activity.
ride off: To depart; to leave with no expectation of returning.
towel up: To thoroughly defeat an opponent in a fight or competition.
flycatch: To catch (another creature) while in flight.
lay away: To reserve (something) for the future.
lay away: To put (something) on layaway.
lay away: To bury (someone).
check on: To personally verify that (someone or something) is safe, copacetic, appropriate or satisfactory.
check on: To verify a specific fact; to quickly examine a situation, especially to look for updates or new information on a topic that has previously been discussed.
restucco: To refurbish with a new coat of stucco.
pre-sets: third-person singular simple present indicative of pre-set
lays for: third-person singular simple present indicative of lay for
bagelled: simple past and past participle of bagel
bageling: present participle and gerund of bagel
outbrake: To brake late in order to get an advantage over.
outbrake: From a given speed, to stop in a shorter distance than.
cowarded: simple past and past participle of coward
sammying: present participle and gerund of sammy
tankered: simple past and past participle of tanker
cook out: To cook a group meal outside as a family, workplace or other social unit.
daresaid: simple past and past participle of daresay
print up: To print something on a printer; to make a printing of something.
Floyders: third-person singular simple present indicative of Floyder
strawing: present participle and gerund of straw
dearming: present participle and gerund of dearm
laugh at: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see laugh, at.
laugh at: To scorn or tease; to evince contempt or pity for someone, usually contrasted with laugh with.
got with: simple past and past participle of get with
met with: simple past and past participle of meet with
shits on: third-person singular simple present indicative of shit on
fixes to: third-person singular simple present indicative of fix to
fixed to: simple past and past participle of fix to
rims out: third-person singular simple present indicative of rim out
pawed at: simple past and past participle of paw at
aimed at: simple past and past participle of aim at
hung low: simple past and past participle of hang low
flew low: simple past of fly low
runs low: third-person singular simple present indicative of run low
roar out: To loudly proclaim; to declare or shout (something).
roar off: To depart on or in a vehicle, usually dramatically or loudly with engine noises.
deperish: To waste away; to deteriorate.
hoven to: past participle of heave to
upridges: third-person singular simple present indicative of upridge
bronzify: To turn into bronze.
bronzify: To make or become bronze in colour, as by tanning.
skate by: To get through something difficult with ease.
broom up: To sweep up (a mess) thoroughly with a broom.
broom up: To strike (a length of wood) repeatedly such that the top of it becomes frayed and worn.
broom up: To show signs of a witch’s broom (mistletoe) infection; to have the witch's broom infection spread and worsen.
muddened: simple past and past participle of mudden
hit with: To do something intended to punish or hurt (someone), especially as a sudden or surprise action.
hit with: To tell someone something that is surprising or unpleasantly shocking.
grub out: Synonym of grub up
grub out: To eat a lot of food, especially comfort food.
dirtened: simple past and past participle of dirten
hedge in: To enclose or surround something with a hedge, trees or other plant life.
hedge in: To limit or constrain (someone).
rain out: To be cancelled due to rain.
smouting: present participle and gerund of smout
rug pull: to carry out a rug-pull
scraunch: Alternative form of scranch
blenking: present participle and gerund of blenk
retexing: present participle and gerund of retex
rap down: To rappel down a mountain.
earn out: To qualify for a bonus or other amount of money that has been promised.
earn out: To make more money from a book than it cost to run an advertising campaign for it; to make enough in royalties to cover the advance a book received.
take gas: To be knocked off one's surfboard by a wave.
frig off: To go away; to fuck off.
zilching: present participle and gerund of zilch
scetched: simple past and past participle of scetch
engraced: simple past and past participle of engrace
crabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of crabble
postform: To shape or mold as a final stage of construction.
minnowed: simple past and past participle of minnow
mulshing: present participle and gerund of mulsh
nippered: simple past and past participle of nipper
stand on: To continue following the same course.
stand on: To observe a ceremony or tradition; to insist on proper behavior or recognition.
dinnling: present participle and gerund of dinnle
shirling: present participle and gerund of shirl
spelders: third-person singular simple present indicative of spelder
beguilts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beguilt
greasens: third-person singular simple present indicative of greasen
order in: To call and place an order for food to be delivered.
did down: simple past of do down
walks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of walk in
stunk up: simple past and past participle of stink up
tops out: third-person singular simple present indicative of top out
stood on: simple past and past participle of stand on
delocate: To move away.
caregave: simple past of caregive
reletter: To change the letters or lettering of.
caregive: To provide care, especially in the role as a caregiver
pingling: present participle and gerund of pingle
deepfake: To create or turn into a deepfake; to impersonate someone with a deepfake.
refronts: third-person singular simple present indicative of refront
diswayed: simple past and past participle of disway
downpick: To play a stringed instrument by using all downpicks.
ashening: present participle and gerund of ashen
widthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of widthen
codigest: To digest two or more materials (biodegradable feedstocks) at the same time
smash it: to perform excellently; to enjoy great success
senching: present participle and gerund of sench
Semitise: Alternative form of Semitize
sallowed: simple past and past participle of sallow
delidded: simple past and past participle of delid
delorted: Rare form of deleted.
fileting: present participle and gerund of filet
retarred: simple past and past participle of retar
bungs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bung up
tyranned: simple past and past participle of tyran
beastify: To make beastly or bestial.
enkernel: To enclose in, or as if in, a kernel.
subceded: simple past and past participle of subcede
crazened: simple past and past participle of crazen
overwipe: To wipe too much.
overetch: To etch too deeply.
niffered: simple past and past participle of niffer
strigged: simple past and past participle of strig
limetwig: To beset with limetwigs or snares; to entangle or impede
scaithed: simple past and past participle of scaith
potashed: simple past and past participle of potash
thrapped: simple past and past participle of thrap
snashing: present participle and gerund of snash
laruming: present participle and gerund of larum
moldened: simple past and past participle of molden
mouldens: third-person singular simple present indicative of moulden
mossened: simple past and past participle of mossen
automise: Alternative spelling of automize
briefens: third-person singular simple present indicative of briefen
delensed: simple past and past participle of delens
rebundle: To bundle again or differently.
clattawa: To go; depart, leave.
mispress: to press (a record) incorrectly.
postiled: simple past and past participle of postil
grallock: Alternative form of gralloch
skelloch: To cry out with a shrill voice.
blottoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of blotto
thwopped: simple past and past participle of thwop
thocking: present participle and gerund of thock
excysted: simple past and past participle of excyst
studdles: third-person singular simple present indicative of studdle
bruitify: Alternative form of brutify
fruitify: To produce fruit, seeds, or spores; to fruit.
fruitify: To come to fruition; to succeed or be fulfilled.
fruitify: To bring to fruition; To fulfill or make a success of.
fruitify: To make fruitful; to enrich.
relicing: present participle and gerund of relic
T-posing: present participle and gerund of T-pose
T posing: present participle and gerund of T pose
vocating: present participle and gerund of vocate
fullened: simple past and past participle of fullen
jayhawks: third-person singular simple present indicative of jayhawk
repodded: simple past and past participle of repod
Baiduing: present participle and gerund of Baidu
oustered: simple past and past participle of ouster
cleering: present participle and gerund of cleer
acquites: third-person singular simple present indicative of acquite (Obsolete spelling of acquits.)
bo-peeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of bo-peep
rollform: To form (sheet metal) into a desired cross section through continuous bending of a long strip of the metal as it passes through a set of rollers.
invigour: Alternative form of invigor
regested: simple past and past participle of regest
weighten: To add or give weight to; make heavy
weighten: To give support or importance to; make weighty
weighten: To weigh down
weighten: To become heavy
peacened: simple past and past participle of peacen
cowashed: simple past and past participle of cowash
cowashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cowash
unfathom: to come to comprehend; demystify.
cotising: present participle and gerund of cotise
behedged: simple past and past participle of behedge
behedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of behedge
tee-teed: simple past and past participle of tee-tee
pee-pees: third-person singular simple present indicative of pee-pee
stamming: present participle and gerund of stam
daidling: present participle and gerund of daidle
deperson: To take away essential attributes of a person; to make a human being less of a person.
begrasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of begrasp
cloudens: third-person singular simple present indicative of clouden
pinholed: simple past and past participle of pinhole
befruits: third-person singular simple present indicative of befruit
reveting: present participle and gerund of revet
bennying: present participle and gerund of benny
stancing: present participle and gerund of stance
aproning: present participle and gerund of apron
revacuum: To vacuum again.
macarise: Alternative form of macarize
pheesing: present participle and gerund of pheese
beladied: simple past and past participle of belady
beladies: third-person singular simple present indicative of belady
misalter: To make a change that leaves (something) worse than before.
rereform: To reform again.
premined: simple past and past participle of premine
premines: third-person singular simple present indicative of premine
forcefed: simple past and past participle of forcefeed
degrimed: simple past and past participle of degrime
degrimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of degrime
apported: simple past and past participle of apport
asported: simple past and past participle of asport
marqueed: simple past and past participle of marquee
kiddying: present participle and gerund of kiddy
blighten: To affect or infect with blight; (by extension) to hinder or impede the growth or development of; stunt.
rubylate: To cause, or to undergo rubylation
violined: simple past and past participle of violin
negatize: To negate or cancel out.
hugening: present participle and gerund of hugen
blazened: simple past and past participle of blazen
grumphed: simple past and past participle of grumph
misgroom: To groom badly or wrongly.
eventize: To turn into an event or spectacle.
empacket: To pack up.
subpœnæd: Obsolete spelling of subpoenaed
bedimple: To produce dimples in; to dimple.
slipform: To use the slipform technique when creating a concrete structure.
upplough: To plough up.
grievens: third-person singular simple present indicative of grieven
leasowed: simple past and past participle of leasow
scowered: simple past and past participle of scower
chafened: simple past and past participle of chafen
hazening: present participle and gerund of hazen
enslaven: to enslave
Saudized: simple past and past participle of Saudize
Saudizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Saudize
lazening: present participle and gerund of lazen
recypher: Alternative spelling of recipher
recipher: To cipher again.
berascal: To accuse of being a rascal or to treat as a rascal.
runching: present participle and gerund of runch
nervened: simple past and past participle of nerven
shivvies: third-person singular simple present indicative of shivvy
shivvied: simple past and past participle of shivvy
soapened: simple past and past participle of soapen
exodused: simple past and past participle of exodus
graymaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of graymap
klomping: present participle and gerund of klomp
clauting: present participle and gerund of claut
subsorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of subsort
misparts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispart
met cute: simple past and past participle of meet cute
babbited: simple past and past participle of babbit
unlisten: To cease to listen for incoming signals.
siffling: present participle and gerund of siffle
hullooed: simple past and past participle of hulloo
crooling: present participle and gerund of crool
U-turned: simple past and past participle of U-turn
scrudges: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrudge
scrudged: simple past and past participle of scrudge
snooling: present participle and gerund of snool
romanted: simple past and past participle of romant
dingolay: To perform a kind of lively dance with hand movements.
skedding: present participle and gerund of sked
hushened: simple past and past participle of hushen
diosmose: To undergo diosmosis.
drunkens: third-person singular simple present indicative of drunken
fleshens: third-person singular simple present indicative of fleshen
dumbened: simple past and past participle of dumben
daftened: simple past and past participle of daften
stroaked: simple past and past participle of stroak
overhail: To call or tempt away from the correct path.
overhail: To rain or sprinkle on top of.
overhail: Synonym of overhaul
overhail: To praise too much.
expeding: present participle and gerund of expede
exarated: simple past and past participle of exarate
sanified: simple past and past participle of sanify
accabled: simple past and past participle of accable
basening: present participle and gerund of basen
sanifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of sanify
bleakens: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleaken
extincts: third-person singular simple present indicative of extinct
patroned: simple past and past participle of patron
dingeing: present participle and gerund of dinge
bumpered: simple past and past participle of bumper
deinduce: To halt or inhibit induction
rechrome: To chrome again.
palating: present participle and gerund of palate
show out: To escort someone out of an event or place.
show out: To display or present oneself; represent.
shauchle: To shamble.
shauchle: To distort or deform.
inhausts: third-person singular simple present indicative of inhaust
refeoffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of refeoff
creeshed: simple past and past participle of creesh
creeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of creesh
regulise: Alternative form of regulize
regulize: To make or become regular; regularize.
regulize: To manipulate data so that it is on a comparable scale; normalize.
regulize: To make regulations about.
regulize: To control.
regulize: To bring into accord with regulations.
regulize: To reduce to pure metal.
allosuck: To suckle from a female who is not one's own mother.
overleak: To leak over.
whummled: simple past and past participle of whummle
whummles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whummle
hanching: present participle and gerund of hanch
brouzing: present participle and gerund of brouze
estating: present participle and gerund of estate
indrifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of indrift
rarefact: To reduce in density.
bust ass: To work hard, especially when trying to achieve a goal.
bust ass: To fart.
run game: To run game on someone; to cheat someone.
oxtering: present participle and gerund of oxter
hobanobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hobanob
chigging: present participle and gerund of chig
wuzzling: present participle and gerund of wuzzle
chutting: present participle and gerund of chut
ties out: third-person singular simple present indicative of tie out
tied out: simple past and past participle of tie out
lumpened: simple past and past participle of lumpen
boobying: present participle and gerund of booby
perkened: simple past and past participle of perken
misscans: third-person singular simple present indicative of misscan
hived up: simple past and past participle of hive up
hives up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hive up
blackbag: Alternative form of black-bag
misheeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of misheed
rebushed: simple past and past participle of rebush
rebushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebush
propaled: simple past and past participle of propale
reparted: simple past and past participle of repart
free-fed: simple past and past participle of free-feed
freefeed: Alternative form of free-feed
deadmelt: To melt steel at high temperatures in order to deoxidize it.
rankened: simple past and past participle of ranken
depthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of depthen
lipidate: To modify by means of lipidation
overpeel: To peel too much off.
misbodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbode
misboded: simple past and past participle of misbode
krissing: present participle and gerund of kris
overpads: third-person singular simple present indicative of overpad
odd-jobs: third-person singular simple present indicative of odd-job
offholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of offhold
hoording: present participle and gerund of hoord
honchoed: simple past and past participle of honcho
hushered: simple past and past participle of husher
glamored: simple past and past participle of glamor
glacéing: present participle and gerund of glacé
garoting: present participle and gerund of garote
routling: present participle and gerund of routle
brunting: present participle and gerund of brunt
whimming: present participle and gerund of whim
rerefine: To refine again.
rereject: To reject again.
daikered: simple past and past participle of daiker
vernated: simple past and past participle of vernate
vernates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vernate
repleats: third-person singular simple present indicative of repleat
bolusing: present participle and gerund of bolus
resniffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of resniff
re-sniff: Alternative form of resniff
shadened: simple past and past participle of shaden
refanned: simple past and past participle of refan
runkling: present participle and gerund of runkle
refiddle: To fiddle again.
reearned: simple past and past participle of reearn
re-earns: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-earn
reejects: third-person singular simple present indicative of reeject
open out: to expand, to widen, to unwrap or unfold, to spread out from a compact state
reaffect: To affect again.
spoffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of spoffle
spoffled: simple past and past participle of spoffle
rehallow: To reconsecrate; to restore to holiness.
southsay: Obsolete form of soothsay.
Whatsapp: Alternative letter-case form of WhatsApp
spelking: present participle and gerund of spelk
xposting: present participle and gerund of xpost
solating: present participle and gerund of solate
undelude: To free from delusion.
onloaned: simple past and past participle of onloan
on-loans: third-person singular simple present indicative of on-loan
on-roads: third-person singular simple present indicative of on-road
arrosing: present participle and gerund of arrose
unteases: third-person singular simple present indicative of untease
unblanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unblank
unsoothe: To disturb; to unsettle; to arouse or irritate from a calm state.
unstrike: To loosen the strings that attach the hood on the bird's head.
unstrike: To restore text that has been struck out.
unstrike: To cause a blow not to have occurred.
unadorns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unadorn
unbloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbloat
redrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrain
unrepeal: To reverse a repeal; to restore a ruling or law that was repealed.
un-bloat: Alternative form of unbloat
phwoared: simple past and past participle of phwoar
zip-tied: simple past and past participle of zip-tie
zip tied: simple past and past participle of zip tie
ziptying: present participle and gerund of ziptie
zip-ties: third-person singular simple present indicative of zip-tie
reteased: simple past and past participle of retease
reteases: third-person singular simple present indicative of retease
resoothe: To soothe again.
rerepeal: To repeal again after reinstating.
desinews: third-person singular simple present indicative of desinew
benifits: Misspelling of benefits.
beghosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beghost
reeroded: simple past and past participle of reerode
reerodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reerode
undrains: third-person singular simple present indicative of undrain
resipped: simple past and past participle of resip
upwinged: simple past and past participle of upwing
reweeded: simple past and past participle of reweed
defishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of defish
defished: simple past and past participle of defish
dismails: third-person singular simple present indicative of dismail
resteeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of resteep
sombered: simple past and past participle of somber
gravened: simple past and past participle of graven
habbling: present participle and gerund of habble
underhit: To hit with insufficient force.
brashing: present participle and gerund of brash
overhate: To hate excessively.
re-lease: To lease again; to renew a lease.
demapped: simple past and past participle of demap
deassert: To remove a signal on a line.
soddered: simple past and past participle of sodder
scramped: simple past and past participle of scramp
swear at: To be disagreeably incongruous with, especially in colour; to clash.
swear at: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see swear, at.
spelched: simple past and past participle of spelch
oversped: simple past and past participle of overspeed
piece up: Synonym of patch up
daunders: third-person singular simple present indicative of daunder
scrambed: simple past and past participle of scramb
embounds: third-person singular simple present indicative of embound
clotured: simple past and past participle of cloture
erogated: simple past and past participle of erogate
degeared: simple past and past participle of degear
de-gears: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-gear
Graecise: Alternative form of Grecize
graecise: Alternative form of Grecize
siderate: To strike down or incapacitate.
upgeared: simple past and past participle of upgear
choiring: present participle and gerund of choir
revenued: simple past and past participle of revenue
downbore: simple past of downbear
retooths: third-person singular simple present indicative of retooth
ebriated: simple past and past participle of ebriate
unvisors: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvisor
retotals: third-person singular simple present indicative of retotal
decalled: simple past and past participle of decal
wargamed: simple past and past participle of wargame
decaling: present participle and gerund of decal
coassist: To jointly assist or to provide an additional source of assistance.
tallened: simple past and past participle of tallen
smallens: third-person singular simple present indicative of smallen
databend: To manipulate a digital image by editing the underlying data in a tool not intended for the purpose, producing glitchy results.
powtered: simple past and past participle of powter
excussed: simple past and past participle of excuss
SCRAMing: present participle and gerund of SCRAM
excusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of excuss
ram home: To drive home.
Hebraise: Alternative form of Hebraize
outsweat: To sweat out or cause to sweat out
outsweat: To sweat more than; exceed in sweating
synthing: present participle and gerund of synth
flasking: present participle and gerund of flask
hordeing: present participle and gerund of horde
yaw-haws: third-person singular simple present indicative of yaw-haw
unrepped: simple past and past participle of unrep
upstolen: past participle of upsteal
upsteals: third-person singular simple present indicative of upsteal
deputeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of depute
wownding: present participle and gerund of wownd
upspread: To spread upward.
haunteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of haunt
outleans: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlean
outleant: simple past and past participle of outlean
upstrain: To strain upward.
renating: present participle and gerund of renate
upclosed: simple past and past participle of upclose
upcloses: third-person singular simple present indicative of upclose
prerelax: To relax beforehand.
tensened: simple past and past participle of tensen
intensen: To grow or become more intense; intensify
resheets: third-person singular simple present indicative of resheet
lairding: present participle and gerund of laird
Saxonise: Alternative form of Saxonize
Saxonize: To make Saxon; to apply Saxon norms to.
rabatted: simple past and past participle of rabat
rabatted: simple past and past participle of rabatte
shoo off: To send away; to shoo.
inhearts: third-person singular simple present indicative of inheart
increeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of increep
upflying: present participle and gerund of upfly
sitskied: simple past and past participle of sitski
renarrow: To narrow again
crush on: have a crush on, be infatuated with (especially when unannounced)
defoiled: simple past and past participle of defoil
morrised: simple past and past participle of morris
rejumped: simple past and past participle of rejump
misposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispost
merching: present participle and gerund of merch
nichered: simple past and past participle of nicher
Ionicize: To make Ionic.
contunds: third-person singular simple present indicative of contund
new-coin: To coin afresh.
boodying: present participle and gerund of boody
decoated: simple past and past participle of decoat
murinise: Alternative form of murinize
murinize: To convert to a mouse counterpart
outflees: third-person singular simple present indicative of outflee
airsteps: third-person singular simple present indicative of airstep
biotyped: simple past and past participle of biotype
scombers: third-person singular simple present indicative of scomber
motelled: simple past and past participle of motel
moteling: present participle and gerund of motel
sossling: present participle and gerund of sossle
weirdens: third-person singular simple present indicative of weirden
trothing: present participle and gerund of troth
withbore: simple past of withbear
coinvade: To invade along with another organism
bovinize: To introduce bovine genes into the genome of an organism
kamerads: third-person singular simple present indicative of kamerad
forseeks: third-person singular simple present indicative of forseek
stop out: To use an acid-resistant liquid (stopout) to cover the parts of a surface that should not be bitten.
stop out: To stay out all night without returning home.
leans in: third-person singular simple present indicative of lean in
leant in: simple past and past participle of lean in
daddying: present participle and gerund of daddy
yogi-ing: present participle and gerund of yogi
auralize: To model acoustic phenomena in a virtual environment; to engage in auralization.
auralize: To form a mental representation of what something sounds like.
biodecay: To decay biologically or biochemically
noscopes: third-person singular simple present indicative of noscope
frithing: present participle and gerund of frith
swear on: Alternative form of swear upon
achooing: present participle and gerund of achoo
unhalter: To remove a halter from (an animal).
poynting: present participle and gerund of poynt
overgilt: simple past and past participle of overgild
amanding: present participle and gerund of amand
unsashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsash
cold pig: To throw cold water all over a sleeping person's bed and body to wake them.
refixate: To fixate again
outshape: To give external form to.
Scotizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Scotize
Scotized: simple past and past participle of Scotize
niffling: present participle and gerund of niffle
skeering: present participle and gerund of skeer
precrack: To crack in advance of another operation
wet labs: third-person singular simple present indicative of wet lab
onlaying: present participle and gerund of onlay
reroling: present participle and gerund of rerole
reborder: To supply with a new border; to change the borders of (regions, countries etc.).
stouking: present participle and gerund of stouk
tuned up: simple past and past participle of tune up
tunes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tune up
defloxed: simple past and past participle of deflox
serenise: Alternative form of serenize
serenize: To make bright; to glorify.
upsucked: simple past and past participle of upsuck
exsheath: To remove from a sheath
snithing: present participle and gerund of snithe
reconfer: To confer again.
reconfer: To grant or transfer ownership again.
reconfer: To confer again.
reconfer: To consult or deliberate again.
belashed: past of belash
belashed: past of belash
lipoated: simple past and past participle of lipoate
nosepoke: Alternative form of nose poke
slaister: To bedaub.
slaister: To slabber.
slaister: To move about in a dirty, slovenly manner.
debobble: To remove pilling from (a garment).
veluring: present participle and gerund of velure
seechin': Pronunciation spelling of seeching.
seeching: present participle and gerund of seech
reimbibe: To imbibe again
dantoned: simple past and past participle of danton
burst up: To explode.
burst up: To fail; to go bankrupt.
dry-salt: To cure (meat) by salting and drying it.
have way: Of a vessel: to be under way; to be moving or making progress.
detrench: To cut off or slice; to sever.
detrench: To render something that was entrenched less thoroughly established.
detrench: To dig out and remove from a trench.
detrench: To force (an army) out of trenches, or to be so forced out.
freshing: present participle and gerund of fresh
nanotize: To convert into a nanoform
prepar'd: simple past and past participle of prepare
encalmed: simple past and past participle of encalm
ensewing: present participle and gerund of ensew
qualming: present participle and gerund of qualm
coredeem: To redeem jointly.
boulster: Archaic form of bolster.
repierce: To pierce again.
skooshed: simple past and past participle of skoosh
wildened: simple past and past participle of wilden
humaning: present participle and gerund of human
begriped: simple past and past participle of begripe
contynue: Obsolete spelling of continue
floushed: simple past and past participle of floush
flousing: present participle and gerund of flouse
floushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of floush
kingmake: To use one's influence to help someone else into a position of political power.
kingmake: To play so as to cause another player to win.
kingmade: simple past and past participle of kingmake
inseeing: present participle and gerund of insee
misblows: third-person singular simple present indicative of misblow
misblown: past participle of misblow
newmakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of newmake
nominify: To convert into a noun.
sootened: simple past and past participle of sooten
owes out: third-person singular simple present indicative of owe out
owed out: simple past and past participle of owe out
oldifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of oldify
oddified: simple past and past participle of oddify
oldified: simple past and past participle of oldify
oddifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of oddify
oddening: present participle and gerund of odden
hangs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of hang on
holds on: third-person singular simple present indicative of hold on
provants: third-person singular simple present indicative of provant
hearking: present participle and gerund of heark
sightens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sighten
becloaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of becloak
sonating: present participle and gerund of sonate
quanders: third-person singular simple present indicative of quander
reponder: To ponder again.
repatrol: To patrol again.
axenized: simple past and past participle of axenize
Bremains: third-person singular simple present indicative of Bremain
unredeem: To fall from grace; to change from a state of virtuousness to sinfulness or wrongdoing.
dry-cure: To preserve food using salt (and sometimes sodium nitrite)
upglance: To glance upwards.
joyening: present participle and gerund of joyen
amplexed: simple past and past participle of amplex
beamwalk: To walk along a balance beam (as an exercise in balance)
wedge up: To fill or block up with wedges.
wedge up: To barricade oneself in one's cell.
off-roll: To remove (a pupil) from the list of those enrolled at a school, for illegitimate reasons such as improving the school's examination rankings.
rancking: present participle and gerund of ranck
wifes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wife up
wifed up: simple past and past participle of wife up
tippexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of tippex
tippexed: simple past and past participle of tippex
overtags: third-person singular simple present indicative of overtag
face out: To carry off by bold looks; to see something unpleasant through with courage and spirit.
scarting: present participle and gerund of scart
white up: To wear whiteface.
tammying: present participle and gerund of tammy
deticked: simple past and past participle of detick
gangreen: Obsolete form of gangrene.
deinvest: To withdraw one's investment.
desludge: To remove sludge or sediment from.
gunating: present participle and gerund of gunate
befilmed: simple past and past participle of befilm
emborsed: simple past and past participle of emborse
emborses: third-person singular simple present indicative of emborse
go cunch: To go to another urban district, typically in order to sell drugs
wells up: third-person singular simple present indicative of well up
refluffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of refluff
skeduled: simple past and past participle of skedule
dwalming: present participle and gerund of dwalm
submixed: simple past and past participle of submix
affinize: convert to affine form
submixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of submix
vistaing: present participle and gerund of vista
resteers: third-person singular simple present indicative of resteer
shmiring: present participle and gerund of shmir
reblanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblank
reimpact: To impact again.
patinize: To give a patina to.
pearcing: present participle and gerund of pearce
decanned: simple past and past participle of decan
coattest: To attest jointly.
coadmits: third-person singular simple present indicative of coadmit
coassume: To assume jointly.
destarch: To remove starch (from)
nunating: present participle and gerund of nunate
entysing: present participle and gerund of entyse
Dewitted: simple past and past participle of Dewitt
ravining: present participle and gerund of ravin
going it: present participle and gerund of go it
ensteeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of ensteep
submarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of submark
enscroll: To ornament with scrollwork.
enscroll: To write upon, or as if upon, a scroll; to enroll; to add to a list or register.
flashlit: simple past and past participle of flashlight
rescrubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescrub
lumenize: To undergo lumenization
unholden: past participle of unhold
unrecuse: to undo one's recusal
scrimmed: simple past and past participle of scrim
roundens: third-person singular simple present indicative of rounden
sinks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of sink in
astoning: present participle and gerund of astone
spincoat: To apply a thin film of material to a flat substrate that is slowly spinning
pams off: third-person singular simple present indicative of pam off
degelify: To convert a gel into a free-flowing liquid.
repaning: present participle and gerund of repane
juicened: simple past and past participle of juicen
semiflex: To half-bend.
twistled: simple past and past participle of twistle
balleted: simple past and past participle of ballet
backfits: third-person singular simple present indicative of backfit
beclamor: To assail with clamor; to rail against.
bendayed: simple past and past participle of benday
becarpet: To cover like a carpet.
bestrows: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestrow
bingling: present participle and gerund of bingle
vaguened: simple past and past participle of vaguen
unmessed: simple past and past participle of unmess
unmesses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmess
come low: To be available cheaply; to cost little money.
assetize: To convert into an asset.
reshroud: To shroud again.
deagling: present participle and gerund of deagle
co-opped: simple past and past participle of co-op
bronched: simple past and past participle of bronch
breenges: third-person singular simple present indicative of breenge
be awake: To not sleep, to stay awake. (This entry is a translation hub.)
mullahed: simple past and past participle of mullah
rackling: present participle and gerund of rackle
no crime: Alternative form of no-crime.
scossing: present participle and gerund of scoss
no-crime: To determine that an alleged crime, especially a sexual assault or rape, should not be prosecuted as a crime (e.g. because the victim has withdrawn their complaint).
breenged: simple past and past participle of breenge
hung ten: simple past and past participle of hang ten
bonfired: simple past and past participle of bonfire
hot work: To plastically deform metal (or other material) at temperatures above the recrystallization temperature but below the melting point of the material.
whillies: third-person singular simple present indicative of whilly
whillied: simple past and past participle of whilly
lie over: To be deferred to a future occasion.
recooled: simple past and past participle of recool
hotbunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of hotbunk
nightens: third-person singular simple present indicative of nighten
arenized: simple past and past participle of arenize
prosects: third-person singular simple present indicative of prosect
rejapans: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejapan
waughing: present participle and gerund of waugh
sconning: present participle and gerund of scon
scunning: present participle and gerund of scun
rabating: present participle and gerund of rabate
sit-skis: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit-ski
charaded: simple past and past participle of charade
outscams: third-person singular simple present indicative of outscam
man-rate: To certify as safe for a human crew to operate.
scrunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of scrunge
cut ties: To abruptly and/or permanently end a relationship with another person or thing.
loadened: simple past and past participle of loaden
smokened: simple past and past participle of smoken
forerule: To rule beforehand or ahead of time
decarred: simple past and past participle of decar
red team: To challenge an organization by assuming an adversarial role.
degasify: To remove gas from.
degasify: To liquefy; to change (a gas) back to liquid form.
lithened: simple past and past participle of lithen
quealing: present participle and gerund of queal
panneled: simple past and past participle of pannel
shoodent: Pronunciation spelling of shouldn't.
youngens: third-person singular simple present indicative of youngen
skewcrop: To straighten and crop an image
plank up: To pay (an amount of money).
assizing: present participle and gerund of assize
dishoard: To spend or reinvest money or goods previously hoarded, thus bringing them back into the economy.
redrinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of redrink
infeffed: simple past and past participle of infeff
untoggle: To remove from its fixed position.
dizzened: simple past and past participle of dizzen
scrooged: simple past and past participle of scrooge
moraling: present participle and gerund of moral
moralled: simple past and past participle of moral
nonexist: To not exist; to unexist.
ran down: simple past of run down
endewing: present participle and gerund of endew
stilping: present participle and gerund of stilp
serialed: simple past and past participle of serial
rescrape: To scrape again.
enminded: simple past and past participle of enmind
knock in: To enter college after hours—after half-past ten at night when the doors have been locked.
knock in: To pot (a ball)
knock in: To score (a break)
ram-jams: third-person singular simple present indicative of ram-jam
becrowns: third-person singular simple present indicative of becrown
pipe off: To watch (a person or building) for purposes of theft.
gambited: simple past and past participle of gambit
satining: present participle and gerund of satin
comboing: A beating.
comboing: Combining.
rerocked: simple past and past participle of rerock
re-rocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-rock
prepatch: To patch in advance.
bavining: present participle and gerund of bavin
transmux: Convert in realtime one telecommunications signal format to another, eg from SONET to DS3.
transmux: Transcode some of the data streams in a multimedia file, while keeping some streams unchanged.
slangify: To convert into slang; to add slang lexis; to make slangish.
declense: To decline (to inflect for case and number).
coinduce: To induce along with another
aftersaw: simple past of aftersee
locks on: third-person singular simple present indicative of lock on
restrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of restrip
snaughle: To (repeatedly) snort while laughing; snort and laugh at the same time.
cryomill: To mill (grind) at low temperatures
resetted: simple past and past participle of reset (“to receive stolen goods etc.”)
ungirdle: To remove or unfasten the girdle of.
squieses: third-person singular simple present indicative of squiese
squiesed: simple past and past participle of squiese
giggited: simple past and past participle of giggit
albitise: Alternative form of albitize
cryoetch: To etch at low temperatures
spigoted: simple past and past participle of spigot
repickle: To pickle again.
selenize: To react with, or treat with a compound of selenium
biosorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of biosorb
Zapruder: To mesmerize; to fascinate.
Zapruder: To study (a piece of footage) closely.
meekered: simple past and past participle of meeker
kräusens: third-person singular simple present indicative of kräusen
bumbasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bumbast
chime up: To speak suddenly; to make an unexpected contribution to a conversation.
praysing: present participle and gerund of prayse
unmuddle: To free from muddle; to sort out or organize.
unplants: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplant
unplumbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplumb
sprucens: third-person singular simple present indicative of sprucen
lapinize: To attenuate a virus, such that it can be used to make a vaccine, by passage through rabbits.
conflows: third-person singular simple present indicative of conflow
squadded: simple past and past participle of squad
dreadens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dreaden
Georgify: to make Georgian
Estonify: to make Estonian
easifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of easify
easified: simple past and past participle of easify
stumpify: To turn into a stump.
stumpify: To baffle; to completely puzzle.
blown it: past participle of blow it
blows it: third-person singular simple present indicative of blow it
Greekify: to make Greek.
bags out: third-person singular simple present indicative of bag out
Irishize: to make Irish.
mommying: present participle and gerund of mommy
sarcases: third-person singular simple present indicative of sarcase
lysylate: Alternative spelling of lysinylate
dolls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of doll up
everteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of evert
evertest: second-person singular simple present indicative of evert
redepict: To depict again or anew.
caninize: To make dog-like, or turn into a dog.
caninize: To adapt (a therapy) for use on dogs.
despiked: simple past and past participle of despike
encoated: simple past and past participle of encoat
lapinise: Alternative form of lapinize
steps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of step up
Yemenize: To make Yemeni.
derigged: simple past and past participle of derig
reeluted: simple past and past participle of reelute
nuts out: third-person singular simple present indicative of nut out
Uzbekize: to make Uzbek.
foggaged: simple past and past participle of foggage
embosked: simple past and past participle of embosk
fistfuck: Alternative form of fist-fuck
outfasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfast
outsmelt: simple past and past participle of outsmell
outgnaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of outgnaw
outcrowd: To crowd out.
outfable: To surpass as a fable; to be more fabulous or fantastical than.
outfloat: To float better than; to surpass in floating.
outbulge: To bulge outward.
misseats: third-person singular simple present indicative of misseat
overfret: To fret excessively.
pretells: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretell
reperked: simple past and past participle of reperk
tailspun: simple past and past participle of tailspin
micronap: To have a micronap; to sleep for a very short period of time, especially during the day.
decysted: simple past and past participle of decyst
baits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bait up
side eye: Alternative form of side-eye
topcoded: simple past and past participle of topcode
topcodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of topcode
nanobrew: To produce beer on a very small scale, as a nanobrewer.
insteeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of insteep
michered: simple past and past participle of micher
haptotax: To move by means of haptotaxis
tittling: present participle and gerund of tittle
kicks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of kick up
axiomize: Alternative form of axiomatize
semilike: To partially like.
burinate: To make a burin from a flint
throw by: throw aside; discard
resparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of respark
presorbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of presorb
ends off: third-person singular simple present indicative of end off
pettyfog: Alternative form of pettifog
link out: To link to an external website.
amped up: simple past and past participle of amp up
bikejors: third-person singular simple present indicative of bikejor
cruckled: simple past and past participle of cruckle
cruckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cruckle
greeding: present participle and gerund of greed
beridden: past participle of beride
unfather: To cause someone to become less of a father.
unfather: To cause someone to be fatherless.
amscrays: third-person singular simple present indicative of amscray
unmother: To cause to cease being a mother; to kill or otherwise remove (a mother's) children.
unmother: To cause to cease having a mother or to fail to mother properly.
intersow: To sow a plant species between rows of a crop
crucking: present participle and gerund of cruck
retrocue: To give such a signal
reexhume: To exhume again.
gezumphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gezumph
iceskate: Alternative form of ice-skate
gulleyed: simple past and past participle of gulley
racebent: simple past and past participle of racebend
rekilled: simple past and past participle of rekill
technify: To make technical; to use technology (on)
foredawn: To anticipate dawning or emerging.
arsoning: present participle and gerund of arson
bush out: To be bushy; to protrude in a thick tuft.
bush out: To become bushy; to grow into the form of a thick tuft.
bush out: To cause (something) to protrude in a thick tuft.
b******s: Censored spelling of bollocks.
toe-dips: third-person singular simple present indicative of toe-dip
toedance: Alternative form of toe-dance
daunered: simple past and past participle of dauner
threw on: simple past of throw on
de-essed: simple past and past participle of de-ess
de-esses: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-ess
bar-tend: Alternative form of bartend
enturban: To cover with a turban.
derotate: To correct a rotational deformity.
derotate: To bring the nose of an aircraft down to the runway after touching down on the main gear.
rattaned: simple past and past participle of rattan
ices out: third-person singular simple present indicative of ice out
uncumber: To disencumber.
reescape: to escape again.
glove up: To don a pair of (e.g. surgical) gloves.
moulaged: simple past and past participle of moulage
kevorked: simple past and past participle of kevork
cheupsed: simple past and past participle of cheups
cheupses: third-person singular simple present indicative of cheups
got busy: past participle of get busy
coinfuse: To infuse along with another material
rangered: simple past and past participle of ranger
bumphled: simple past and past participle of bumphle
bumphles: third-person singular simple present indicative of bumphle
betangle: To tangle around or about, entwine, encumber.
geoblock: Alternative form of geo-block
recupped: simple past and past participle of recup
defilter: To process (filtered data) so as to reconstruct the original data.
stay mum: Alternative form of keep mum
voidened: simple past and past participle of voiden
defurred: simple past and past participle of defur
champ up: To pull upwards, e.g. to pull plants out of the ground.
undeaned: simple past and past participle of undean
overgain: To gain too much.
overgain: To apply too much gain to (a signal).
untooths: third-person singular simple present indicative of untooth
unselfed: simple past and past participle of unself
imprimed: simple past and past participle of imprime
undoctor: To divest of the character or status of a doctor.
undoctor: To restore (something illicitly altered) to its correct form.
teachyng: Obsolete spelling of teaching
brynging: Obsolete spelling of bringing
overfoot: To assign a column summary that is greater than the sum of all the entries in that column.
receyved: simple past and past participle of receyve
receyves: third-person singular simple present indicative of receyve
taulking: present participle and gerund of taulke
keysmash: To type aggressively or randomly mash keys on a keyboard.
crossfed: simple past and past participle of crossfeed
beponder: To ponder over or about.
malposes: third-person singular simple present indicative of malpose
malposed: simple past and past participle of malpose
mau-maus: third-person singular simple present indicative of mau-mau
tee hees: third-person singular simple present indicative of tee hee
tee heed: simple past and past participle of tee hee
forlongs: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlong
relowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of relower
rescrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescrew
top rope: Alternative form of top-rope
uplevels: third-person singular simple present indicative of uplevel
gasshoed: simple past and past participle of gassho
basinned: simple past and past participle of basin
basining: present participle and gerund of basin
prechops: third-person singular simple present indicative of prechop
redammed: simple past and past participle of redam
dot down: To score a try
auntying: present participle and gerund of auntie
timekept: simple past and past participle of timekeep
timekeep: To keep track of and/or enforce any restrictions on the time; keep time.
biomarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of biomark
begrieve: To grieve over or about.
begrieve: To cause grief or grieving.
packraft: To travel by packraft
kaplunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of kaplunk
sumacked: simple past and past participle of sumac
sumacing: present participle and gerund of sumac
lipcurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of lipcurl
chestfed: simple past and past participle of chestfeed
attaming: present participle and gerund of attame
shumaced: simple past and past participle of shumac
sumached: simple past and past participle of sumach
sumaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of sumach
take L's: Alternative form of take the l
unstamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstamp
handweed: To remove weeds using only hand tools, that is, without spraying or using other weed-suppression technology.
showruns: third-person singular simple present indicative of showrun
be right: To be correct in one's judgment or statement about something. (This entry is a translation hub.)
uncolour: Alternative form of uncolor
downwell: To sink below material of lower density.
downwell: To penetrate water downward.
encovers: third-person singular simple present indicative of encover
be wrong: To have an incorrect belief, to be mistaken about one's judgment or statement concerning something. (This entry is a translation hub.)
wraggles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wraggle
wraggled: simple past and past participle of wraggle
look-saw: simple past of look-see
lookseen: past participle of looksee
looksees: third-person singular simple present indicative of looksee
baffound: To perplex, bewilder.
outspins: third-person singular simple present indicative of outspin
self-fed: simple past and past participle of self-feed
blodging: present participle and gerund of blodge
eyelocks: third-person singular simple present indicative of eyelock
eye-lock: Alternative form of eyelock
handlock: To restrain with, or as with, a handlock.
handlock: To lock by means of a handlock.
handlock: To restrain by holding so as to immobilize the hand.
diswants: third-person singular simple present indicative of diswant
seen red: past participle of see red
hondeled: simple past and past participle of hondel
mollying: present participle and gerund of molly
divulses: third-person singular simple present indicative of divulse
divulsed: simple past and past participle of divulse
falls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fall up
bearbait: To torment or provoke.
misbeget: To beget wrongly or badly.
misbeget: To produce children from an illicit or inappropriate union, especially when such children suffer birth defects.
misbeget: To beget wrongly or badly.
misbeget: To create or produce something badly.
enemying: present participle and gerund of enemy
blancoed: simple past and past participle of blanco
deepdraw: Alternative form of deep-draw
PayPaled: simple past and past participle of PayPal
faced up: simple past and past participle of face up
upfacing: present participle and gerund of upface
faces up: third-person singular simple present indicative of face up
rebuckle: To fasten again by means of a buckle.
gumphing: present participle and gerund of gumph
carnying: present participle and gerund of carny
unswirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unswirl
allodges: third-person singular simple present indicative of allodge
allodged: simple past and past participle of allodge
repermed: simple past and past participle of reperm
upbowing: present participle and gerund of upbow
avianize: To attenuate (something such as a virus, for example for use in a vaccine) by repeatedly culturing it in bird embryos.
avianize: To make avian; to make bird-like or into a bird.
geoparse: To parse (text identifying a place) into an unambiguous geographic reference.
dwarfens: third-person singular simple present indicative of dwarfen
alighten: To alight, to dismount or get down from.
alighten: To alight; to land, to descend and rest.
alighten: To lighten; to reduce in weight or heaviness.
alighten: To make light; to illuminate or brighten.
untyping: present participle and gerund of untype
do lunch: To have a lunchtime meeting, usually at a restaurant.
unpacify: To stir up someone or something that was previously pacified.
forecame: simple past of forecome
forecome: To come before and influence, especially to precede and prevent.
fleshify: To make or become flesh; to incarnate.
fleshify: To fatten; to swell; to grow fleshy.
placedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of place
starfuck: To have sex with, or attempt to have sex with, celebrities simply because they are stars.
unsharps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsharp
denumber: To denumerate.
denumber: To go from a number to the item or element that it indexes.
denumber: To abolish a system of numbering.
denumber: To remove from a numbered list of official items, members, etc.
dog-sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog-sit
dog sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog sit
cat sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of cat sit
pet sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of pet sit
plantsat: simple past and past participle of plantsit
cat-sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of cat-sit
pet-sits: third-person singular simple present indicative of pet-sit
dog naps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog nap
dog-naps: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog-nap
cat-naps: third-person singular simple present indicative of cat-nap
tut-tuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of tut-tut
lived in: simple past and past participle of live in
lives in: third-person singular simple present indicative of live in
plantsit: Alternative form of plant-sit
Clemsons: third-person singular simple present indicative of Clemson
fatigu'd: simple past and past participle of fatigue
Ebionise: Alternative form of Ebionize
Ebionize: To believe in or expound upon the Ebionite heresy.
red-zone: To categorize as too damaged to repair, and requiring the owners to vacate (a property).
nakedize: To go naked.
nakedise: Alternative form of nakedize
'tending: present participle and gerund of 'tend
unsleeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsleep
bepuddle: To cover or fill with puddles.
bepuddle: To soil or debase.
wissling: present participle and gerund of wissle
quarrell: Obsolete spelling of quarrel
unevened: simple past and past participle of uneven
fliggers: third-person singular simple present indicative of fligger
wencheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wench
optating: present participle and gerund of optate
segwayed: simple past and past participle of segway
malicing: present participle and gerund of malice
yabbling: present participle and gerund of yabble
dead pan: Alternative form of deadpan
ugly cry: To weep to the extent that one's face contorts.
rutching: present participle and gerund of rutch
dead-pan: Alternative form of deadpan
rutsched: simple past and past participle of rutsch
rutsches: third-person singular simple present indicative of rutsch
rootches: third-person singular simple present indicative of rootch
rootched: simple past and past participle of rootch
undiaper: To remove the diaper from.
cockying: present participle and gerund of cocky
stick on: To charge (someone) with an offence.
angelled: simple past and past participle of angel
got some: simple past of get some
tend bar: To work as a bartender.
fairbank: For the bank or dealer to assist (the player) by cheating in his/her favour, to encourage further play and facilitate a later swindle.
kiki-ing: present participle and gerund of kiki
benettle: To nettle:
benettle: To whip or sting with nettles.
benettle: To nettle:
benettle: To vex or provoke.
recracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of recrack
gazoomph: Alternative form of gazump
gazumphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of gazumph
grapling: present participle and gerund of graple
grabbeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of grab
Greekise: Alternative form of Greekize
earthens: third-person singular simple present indicative of earthen
-erizing: present participle and gerund of -erize
Greekize: To make Greek or Greek-like;
Greekize: To behave and speak like a Greek.
hen-peck: Alternative form of henpeck
hen peck: Alternative form of henpeck
reëxpand: Uncommon spelling of reexpand.
trap out: To deplete an area of all individuals of a certain animal, bird, etc., by trapping.
trap out: To convert (a place) into a trap house
nativise: Non-Oxford British English standard spelling of nativize.
snows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of snow up
beefs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of beef up
beef out: To have a beef or grudge against somebody.
detacked: simple past and past participle of detack
detracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detrack
destream: Synonym of detrack (“eliminate separate teaching based on pupils' ability level”)
going in: present participle and gerund of go in
radiumed: simple past and past participle of radium
Maoising: present participle and gerund of Maoise
Marxizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Marxize
Marxised: simple past and past participle of Marxise
Marxises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Marxise
Maoizing: present participle and gerund of Maoize
Marxized: simple past and past participle of Marxize
cleeking: present participle and gerund of cleek
Q-spoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of Q-spoil
Q spoils: third-person singular simple present indicative of Q spoil
Q-switch: To use a Q-switch on (a laser).
rewallow: To wallow again.
shit can: Alternative form of shit-can
salt out: To abort (a fetus) by injecting saline solution into the uterus.
salt out: To precipitate out of a solution.
salt out: To cause a solute to precipitate out of a solution.
shit-can: To dispose of in a shitcan (trash can); to throw out.
shit-can: To dismiss or expel from work or elsewhere.
shit-can: To get rid of or cancel.
shit-can: To severely injure or destroy; to trash.
wrongdid: simple past of wrongdo
wire tap: Alternative form of wiretap
talmbout: Pronunciation spelling of talking about.
wire-tap: Alternative form of wiretap
gronking: present participle and gerund of gronk
redenied: simple past and past participle of redeny
redenies: third-person singular simple present indicative of redeny
babished: simple past and past participle of babish
babishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of babish
spews up: third-person singular simple present indicative of spew up
stays in: third-person singular simple present indicative of stay in
fuggedit: Pronunciation spelling of forget it.
cowching: present participle and gerund of cowch
brass up: To pay a debt or hand over money.
brass up: To shell.
grimming: present participle and gerund of grim
Fedexing: present participle and gerund of Fedex
fedexing: present participle and gerund of fedex
foxholed: simple past and past participle of foxhole
misspots: third-person singular simple present indicative of misspot
banks on: third-person singular simple present indicative of bank on
lustrify: To give luster to; to make lustrous.
lustrify: To illuminate or clarify.
nighting: present participle and gerund of night
slips in: third-person singular simple present indicative of slip in
newnamed: simple past and past participle of newname
newnames: third-person singular simple present indicative of newname
new-name: Alternative form of newname
pre-tins: third-person singular simple present indicative of pre-tin
primaled: simple past and past participle of primal
new name: Alternative form of newname
outbleed: To bleed more than; to lose more blood than.
outbleed: To win (a battle) by being willing to accept more casualties or injuries.
scrunged: simple past and past participle of scrunge
thrumped: simple past and past participle of thrump
won over: simple past and past participle of win over
ungrasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungrasp
premails: third-person singular simple present indicative of premail
prelists: third-person singular simple present indicative of prelist
decruits: third-person singular simple present indicative of decruit
reslimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslime
reslimed: simple past and past participle of reslime
detanked: simple past and past participle of detank
destinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of destink
wembling: present participle and gerund of wemble
vagitate: To wander or move at random.
vagitate: To wail, mewl (as an infant).
hostaged: simple past and past participle of hostage
seen out: past participle of see out
boltered: simple past and past participle of bolter
bombased: simple past and past participle of bombase
bombases: third-person singular simple present indicative of bombase
overrace: To race too often.
blip out: To eliminate; to skip over or ignore.
rubefied: simple past and past participle of rubefy
looks on: third-person singular simple present indicative of look on
overpile: To pile too high.
chippied: simple past and past participle of chippy
unsummon: To send (a summoned creature) back to its own plane of existence.
repadded: simple past and past participle of repad
shortify: Synonym of shorten
echoized: simple past and past participle of echoize
echoizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of echoize
trustify: To organize into a trust; To transfer ownership to a trust managed by trustees.
truthify: To make true.
fly upon: To seize.
fly upon: To attack.
pulls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pull up
ungarter: To remove the garter or garters from.
chevened: simple past and past participle of cheven
renumbed: simple past and past participle of renumb
yaddered: simple past and past participle of yadder
bovinise: Alternative form of bovinize
snaps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of snap up
be a one: To be amusing in a slightly challenging way.
yellowen: to make or become yellow
dominoed: simple past and past participle of domino
round on: To turn and attack someone or something.
tying in: present participle and gerund of tie in
manhauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of manhaul
onwarded: simple past and past participle of onward
auxotype: To carry out differential staining of different Neisseria bacteria that have requirements for different nutrients.
fills up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fill up
openwash: To market something as open (without proprietary licensing) when it does not meet all the criteria of openness.
sinofied: simple past of sinofy
sinofied: past participle of sinofy
quanting: present participle and gerund of quant
deossify: To undergo deossification.
deossify: To cause the deossification of.
reballot: To ballot again.
take ten: To take a short, typically ten-minute, break from some activity.
karotype: Misspelling of karyotype.
heals up: third-person singular simple present indicative of heal up
shown up: past participle of show up
slerping: present participle and gerund of slerp
SLERPing: present participle and gerund of SLERP
couponed: simple past and past participle of coupon
topbills: third-person singular simple present indicative of topbill
relaning: present participle and gerund of relane
nethered: simple past and past participle of nether
x-raying: present participle and gerund of x-ray
ungirths: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungirth
repalmed: simple past and past participle of repalm
unpalmed: simple past and past participle of unpalm
rebatted: simple past and past participle of rebat
shank it: To run away; to leg it.
deltaing: present participle and gerund of delta
caboshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cabosh
bleateth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bleat
barbacue: Obsolete form of barbecue.
uncaches: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncache
enormify: To make enormous;
voxelise: Alternative form of voxelize
Genevate: To convert to puritanism (as it was practiced in Geneva).
ratioing: present participle and gerund of ratio
boa'ding: present participle and gerund of boa'd
Haredize: To convert to or bring into conformity with Haredi Judaism.
Japanise: Alternative form of Japanize
molarise: Alternative form of molarize
Japonise: Alternative form of Japanize
Japonize: Alternative form of Japanize
kackling: present participle and gerund of kackle
date out: To date a person of a different race.
naggling: present participle and gerund of naggle
outblots: third-person singular simple present indicative of outblot
spun off: simple past and past participle of spin off
outbelch: To belch more or louder than.
colexify: To ascribe multiple meanings to the same word
plastify: To make or become plastic or malleable.
remingle: To mingle again; to mix back in
grooping: present participle and gerund of groop
no-sells: third-person singular simple present indicative of no-sell
remargin: To update the margin on an investment; to check and if necessary adjust the collateral security to a broker in case the price of an investment has changed more than the current margin can cover.
remargin: To change the size of the margin (on a document).
remonish: To admonish again.
reoblige: To oblige again; to once again place under an obligation.
gallised: simple past and past participle of gallise
croaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of croak
cresteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of crest
gallises: third-person singular simple present indicative of gallise
cracketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of crack
remoored: simple past and past participle of remoor
renovise: Alternative form of renovize
renovize: To renovate or modernize.
re-treat: To treat or deal with (a topic) again or differently.
re-treat: To apply treatment to (an injury, a surface, etc.) again
matineed: simple past and past participle of matinee
buanging: present participle and gerund of buang
templise: Alternative form of templize
templize: To make more temple-like.
oceanize: to cover in ocean.
Tudorise: Alternative form of Tudorize
tudorize: Alternative form of Tudorize
tudorise: Alternative form of Tudorize
Tudorize: To alter according to Tudor period styles and ideas.
ungorges: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungorge
rashered: simple past and past participle of rasher
ungrieve: Alternative form of un-grieve
ingaging: present participle and gerund of ingage
vagrated: simple past and past participle of vagrate
vagrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of vagrate
valedict: To farewell; to make a valediction or parting gesture.
resedate: To sedate (apply sedative) again
vulgated: simple past and past participle of vulgate
appuying: present participle and gerund of appuy
appuiing: present participle and gerund of appui
augurize: To predict or foretell; to augur.
augurise: Alternative form of augurize
ostented: simple past and past participle of ostent
boleroed: simple past and past participle of bolero
saggared: simple past and past participle of saggar
saggered: simple past and past participle of sagger
taken in: past participle of take in
ebriates: third-person singular simple present indicative of ebriate
onlining: present participle and gerund of online
satinize: To give a smooth, satin-like surface to, for example by polishing.
enscarfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of enscarf
fistling: present participle and gerund of fistle
fissling: present participle and gerund of fissle
fiz-gigs: third-person singular simple present indicative of fiz-gig
re-saves: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-save
un-nukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of un-nuke
unnuking: present participle and gerund of unnuke
re-saved: simple past and past participle of re-save
un-nuked: simple past and past participle of un-nuke
hexedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of hexedit
hex-edit: Alternative form of hex edit
CRISPRed: simple past and past participle of CRISPR
depinned: simple past and past participle of depin
reëmploy: Rare spelling of reemploy.
restaked: simple past and past participle of restake
restakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of restake
turboing: present participle and gerund of turbo
known of: past participle of know of
knows of: third-person singular simple present indicative of know of
spleefed: simple past and past participle of spleef
rebounce: To bounce back; to bounce anew.
seize on: Alternative form of seize upon
epsteins: third-person singular simple present indicative of epstein
shooketh: past participle of shake
mag dump: To perform a mag dump.
snooting: present participle and gerund of snoot
drowseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of drowse
misabort: To spontaneously abort.
misadorn: To adorn badly; to embellish with unflattering adornments.
clinketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of clink
misbrews: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbrew
misbreed: To breed with the wrong mate, resulting in inferior offspring.
misblame: To blame wrongly; to blame one who is not guilty.
misblend: To blend incorrectly.
misboxed: simple past and past participle of misbox
misboxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misbox
miscosts: third-person singular simple present indicative of miscost
skulketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of skulk
reoption: To option again.
miscatch: To make a miscatch (any sense).
miscatch: To stutter or break the flow of words when speaking.
mischeck: To enter a check mark inaccurately.
mischeck: To fail to inspect accurately.
mischeck: To incorrectly mark an item when it is checked so that it does not go to the right place or is not returned to the correct person.
mischunk: To chunk incorrectly.
misclean: To clean improperly.
misclimb: To make a mistake while climbing; to climb too far or in the wrong direction.
misclock: To cause or produce a misclock.
misclock: To clock incorrectly; to mistime.
misclose: To cause or exhibit a misclose.
misclose: To fail to loop back to the starting point.
misclose: To close improperly; to fail to shut properly.
misclose: To close (a deal) in error.
despikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of despike
bewiling: present participle and gerund of bewile
unfaving: present participle and gerund of unfave
politing: present participle and gerund of polite
hot roll: To roll metal in a temperature that is above its recrystallization point.
xmitting: present participle and gerund of xmit
stooming: present participle and gerund of stoom
whirleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of whirl
gnodding: present participle and gerund of gnodde
re-equip: Alternative form of reequip
re-admit: Alternative spelling of readmit
coreared: simple past and past participle of corear
Lucasing: present participle and gerund of Lucas
go short: (intransitive, or transitive with of) To have an insufficient amount (of).
go short: To sell a financial product (such as a share) now, even though one does not presently own it, in the hope of buying it more cheaply for delivery at a later date, so as to profit from a fall in price below the price at which one sold it; cf. go long.
cobuilds: third-person singular simple present indicative of cobuild
conaming: present participle and gerund of coname
vidchats: third-person singular simple present indicative of vidchat
buds off: third-person singular simple present indicative of bud off
uncrisps: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrisp
castered: simple past and past participle of caster
depillar: to remove a pillar, or pillars, from a mine
set mine: To enter a hand with a low pair in hopes of flopping a set, i.e. three of a kind.
rehijack: To hijack again.
scroonch: to crouch
scroonch: to scrunch
impearce: Obsolete spelling of impierce
murkened: simple past and past participle of murken
made one: simple past and past participle of make one
make one: To take part in, to be present at (a group, social event, etc.; later especially a criminal undertaking).
doitered: simple past and past participle of doiter
coronaed: simple past and past participle of corona
unyarded: simple past and past participle of unyard
creep on: To monitor in a covert and creepy manner; to stalk.
ensieged: simple past and past participle of ensiege
relevies: third-person singular simple present indicative of relevy
relevied: simple past and past participle of relevy
brucking: present participle and gerund of bruck
studdled: simple past and past participle of studdle
downcode: To change the diagnostic code of a patient's condition to a code for which a smaller amount will be billed.
downcuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of downcut
forsaked: simple past and past participle of forsake
co-teach: Alternative form of coteach.
dematted: simple past and past participle of demat
alitizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of alitize
alitized: simple past and past participle of alitize
baconize: To prepare like bacon, by smoking etc.
baconize: To prepare with bacon as an ingredient.
grip off: To tease or taunt another birdwatcher about a bird you have seen but he or she missed out on.
shot out: simple past and past participle of shoot out
bruitest: second-person singular simple present indicative of bruit
bruiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of bruit
wokefish: To pretend to be woke on an online platform to deceive (someone).
poopsock: To be engrossed in a video game so much as to not leave to go to the toilet.
befrauds: third-person singular simple present indicative of befraud
ran amok: simple past of run amok
strammed: simple past and past participle of stram
outsuave: To exceed in suaveness.
Bryanize: To make Bryanite.
outyards: third-person singular simple present indicative of outyard
dehubbed: simple past and past participle of dehub
unfusing: present participle and gerund of unfuse
diagnoze: Misspelling of diagnose.
overhugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of overhug
muds out: third-person singular simple present indicative of mud out
untaping: present participle and gerund of untape
crossfit: To participate in a CrossFit exercise regimen.
go at it: As go at + it; spoken emphasis typically on 'go'.
go at it: As go + at it; spoken emphasis typically on 'at'.
go at it: To engage in some activity, especially vigorously or enthusiastically.
go at it: As go + at it; spoken emphasis typically on 'at'.
go at it: To fight.
go at it: As go + at it; spoken emphasis typically on 'at'.
go at it: To have sex.
jumps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of jump on
red-cook: To braise (food) with a Chinese slow cooking technique that imparts a reddish-brown colour to the food.
cockfish: To deceive others by using fake photos of one’s genitalia.
undeform: To restore from a deformed state; to change back to its true or original shape.
entabled: simple past and past participle of entable
feralise: Alternative form of feralize
glissing: present participle and gerund of gliss
clausify: To convert logic statements into standard clauses
splather: To splash or slather.
serotest: To administer such a test
dog-shot: Alternative form of dog shot.
flimmers: third-person singular simple present indicative of flimmer
chackled: simple past and past participle of chackle
dog shot: To deliver a dog shot to (someone); to hit (someone) suddenly and without warning; to king hit.
cascodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of cascode
pirooted: simple past and past participle of piroot
clitched: simple past and past participle of clitch
chobbled: simple past and past participle of chobble
chobbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of chobble
doddling: present participle and gerund of doddle
sags off: third-person singular simple present indicative of sag off
forlived: simple past and past participle of forlive
op-edded: simple past and past participle of op-ed
demodded: simple past and past participle of demod
dehosted: simple past and past participle of dehost
tooraloo: To express as in song.
carpents: third-person singular simple present indicative of carpent
enrailed: simple past and past participle of enrail
titavate: Misspelling of titivate.
unawards: third-person singular simple present indicative of unaward
overcure: To cure (meat, etc.) excessively.
overfoul: To foul excessively.
beginked: simple past and past participle of begink
snitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of snitter
scrazing: present participle and gerund of scraze
groppled: simple past and past participle of gropple
gropples: third-person singular simple present indicative of gropple
prinkled: simple past and past participle of prinkle
prinkles: third-person singular simple present indicative of prinkle
impletes: third-person singular simple present indicative of implete
impleted: simple past and past participle of implete
intermat: To mat together.
sleering: present participle and gerund of sleer
slounges: third-person singular simple present indicative of slounge
slounged: simple past and past participle of slounge
snafuing: present participle and gerund of snafu
re-gifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-gift
maddling: present participle and gerund of maddle
crowling: present participle and gerund of crowl
clunched: simple past and past participle of clunch
regouged: simple past and past participle of regouge
regouges: third-person singular simple present indicative of regouge
juwaubed: simple past and past participle of juwaub
debudded: simple past and past participle of debud
defibred: simple past and past participle of defibre
defibres: third-person singular simple present indicative of defibre
preferre: Obsolete form of prefer.
dechoked: simple past and past participle of dechoke
dechokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dechoke
dehoused: simple past and past participle of dehouse
dehouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehouse
degating: present participle and gerund of degate
thonking: present participle and gerund of thonk
plays up: third-person singular simple present indicative of play up
yaffling: present participle and gerund of yaffle
re-sorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-sort
re-added: simple past and past participle of re-add
renozzle: To fit with a new nozzle.
outskips: third-person singular simple present indicative of outskip
outbooze: To outdo in boozing; to drink more alcohol than.
aerolize: Alternative form of aerosolise
biorient: To undergo biorientation
autopick: To pick (or select) automatically
circlize: To make circular
coexport: To export along with another
codetect: To simultaneously detect two or more things
gyrified: simple past and past participle of gyrify
skudding: present participle and gerund of skud
gyrifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of gyrify
séancing: present participle and gerund of séance
seancing: present participle and gerund of seance
uncradle: To remove from a cradle.
foreheld: simple past of forehold
foreheld: past participle of forehold
repropel: To propel again.
capsised: simple past and past participle of capsise
prebinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebind
postsync: To dub.
preadopt: To adopt in advance.
prealter: To alter in advance.
preallot: To allot in advance.
wokewash: To use social justice issues as part of a marketing campaign.
prechose: simple past of prechoose
precents: third-person singular simple present indicative of precent
tupelize: To place data in a tuple.
unnaming: present participle and gerund of unname
whitters: third-person singular simple present indicative of whitter
igniteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of ignite
popifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of popify
class up: To make more classy or sophisticated
oblating: present participle and gerund of oblate
bonussed: simple past and past participle of bonus
preburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of preburn
autofuse: To undergo autofusion
bonusses: third-person singular simple present indicative of bonus
conquere: Obsolete spelling of conquer
cross up: To double-cross; to betray.
datafies: third-person singular simple present indicative of datafy
datafied: simple past and past participle of datafy
hooshing: present participle and gerund of hoosh
outswept: simple past and past participle of outsweep
outvaunt: To surpass in vaunting.
outthank: To surpass in thanking; to give more thanks than.
outsweep: To sweep outward.
decocoon: To break out of its cocoon.
green up: Of vegetation, to put forth new growth.
green up: Of an landscape, region, etc., to become green as a result of seasonal vegetation growth.
re-dying: present participle and gerund of re-dye
rebudded: simple past and past participle of rebud
expuncts: third-person singular simple present indicative of expunct
unraking: present participle and gerund of unrake
cooccupy: To occupy along with another
demodify: To reverse an earlier modification
bake out: To heat a material in a vacuum in order to drive off volatile components
beghasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of beghast
chasséed: simple past and past participle of chassé
demaking: present participle and gerund of demake
kept out: simple past and past participle of keep out
ask over: To invite (someone) to come to one's house or other place.
hyzering: present participle and gerund of hyzer
overmist: To mist a plant excessively.
outbiked: simple past and past participle of outbike
outbikes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbike
cytoduce: To undergo cytoduction
valgized: simple past and past participle of valgize
valgizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of valgize
varizing: present participle and gerund of varize
stack it: To fall over; to topple.
dauerize: To form a dauer
clock on: To record one's time of arrival at work, traditionally by inserting one's card into a timestamping machine.
clock on: To begin work at the start of the day or start of one's shift.
Xeroxing: present participle and gerund of Xerox
macramed: simple past and past participle of macrame
outprint: To print more or better than; to surpass in printing.
bemadden: To cause (someone) to become mad.
masks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mask up
re-edged: simple past and past participle of re-edge
did well: simple past of do well
visiteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of visit
tools up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tool up
reshovel: To shovel again.
swacking: present participle and gerund of swack
redebugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of redebug
repartée: Alternative spelling of repartee
deepdrew: simple past of deepdraw
uncricks: third-person singular simple present indicative of uncrick
gimbling: present participle and gerund of gimble
freedive: to stay underwater without the help of breathing-apparatus for as long as possible
uncocoon: To come or bring out of a cocoon.
wise off: To make wisecracks; to behave like a smart aleck.
reclench: To clench again.
backtaxi: Synonym of backtrack
unstalls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstall
septates: third-person singular simple present indicative of septate
rolls in: third-person singular simple present indicative of roll in
vamps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of vamp up
setmined: simple past and past participle of setmine
setmines: third-person singular simple present indicative of setmine
testilie: To commit perjury (as a police officer).
deration: To remove rationing restrictions from (a product or commodity), so that the amounts one can buy or obtain are no longer limited by regulation.
complane: Obsolete spelling of complain
seen off: past participle of see off
sees off: third-person singular simple present indicative of see off
percuted: simple past and past participle of percute
downtune: To tune a guitar to a lower pitch than normal
go rogue: To begin to behave in an erratic, uncontrolled, dangerous, destructive, or savage way.
go rogue: To behave in a very unconventional, independent, uncontrolled, or unauthorized way that ignores rules, norms, or expectations.
go rogue: To switch allegiance to, affiliation with, or membership in, a country, political party, employer, club, etc. (for example, as a spy, soldier, politician, employee, club member, etc.).
was like: inflection of be like:
was like: first-person singular simple past indicative
was like: inflection of be like:
was like: third-person singular simple past indicative.
downbets: third-person singular simple present indicative of downbet
pigjumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of pigjump
crowhops: third-person singular simple present indicative of crowhop
aburdens: third-person singular simple present indicative of aburden
fenitise: To metamorphose into a fenite
fenitize: Alternative form of fenitise
kotooing: present participle and gerund of kotoo
spoyling: present participle and gerund of spoyle
blothers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blother
scorfing: present participle and gerund of scorf
downcame: simple past of downcome
cocksuck: To perform fellatio.
brosiers: third-person singular simple present indicative of brosier
broziers: third-person singular simple present indicative of brozier
quodding: present participle and gerund of quod
unclumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclump
Czechize: To render Czech, to assimilate into Czech language or culture.
wire off: To separate or close off by installing a wire barricade or fence, as around the perimeter.
wire off: To send (a message) by wire.
wire off: To separate and remove (a form) from a mass of clay using a cutting wire.
forstole: simple past of forsteal
pertects: third-person singular simple present indicative of pertect
ungrants: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungrant
claddest: second-person singular simple present indicative of clad
coreport: To report jointly.
umbesets: third-person singular simple present indicative of umbeset
hypes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of hype up
hyped up: simple past and past participle of hype up
rebevels: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebevel
claddeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of clad
eburnate: To undergo eburnation.
deplaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of deplace
deplaced: simple past and past participle of deplace
find God: Synonym of get religion
backsold: simple past and past participle of backsell
backsell: To promote in this manner.
frizz up: To form into masses of tight curls.
kootoo'd: simple past and past participle of kootoo
kootooed: simple past and past participle of kootoo
motifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of motify
misdraft: To make an error while drafting (any sense).
remiking: present participle and gerund of remike
rebeaten: past participle of rebeat
warrying: present participle and gerund of warry
cinemize: Alternative form of cinematize
quinched: simple past and past participle of quinch
quinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of quinch
quinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of quinche
demarrow: To remove the marrow from bone tissue
ate shit: simple past of eat shit
potracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of potrack
'spiring: present participle and gerund of 'spire
wropping: present participle and gerund of wrop
hones in: third-person singular simple present indicative of hone in
jumps in: third-person singular simple present indicative of jump in
honed in: simple past and past participle of hone in
homes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of home in
homed in: simple past and past participle of home in
oversour: To become too sour.
tintyped: simple past and past participle of tintype
run thin: To be nearly used up or consumed, so that little remains.
overtint: To tint excessively.
overtint: To apply another tint over.
marry in: To join a family or group through marriage.
marry in: To marry someone of the same religious or ethnic group.
clatting: present participle and gerund of clat
demythed: simple past and past participle of demyth
net deck: Alternative form of netdeck
net-deck: Alternative form of netdeck
stunlock: To render (a character) unable to move or react by repeatedly hitting them and keeping them in a stunned state.
remayned: simple past and past participle of remayne
unfulfil: Alternative spelling of unfulfill
remaynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of remayne
rule off: To draw a line underneath, for example to mark the end of a topic or of an accounting period.
softmask: To convert hard edges in an image to soft ones, by the use of a "fuzzy" mask.
devoving: present participle and gerund of devove
skifting: present participle and gerund of skift
zhuzhing: present participle and gerund of zhuzh
bisquing: present participle and gerund of bisque
oxalated: simple past and past participle of oxalate
unsickle: To reform (as with a red blood cell) from an abnormal crescent shape into the normal shape.
quiching: present participle and gerund of quich
rebranch: To branch again.
requight: Obsolete form of requite.
renagued: simple past and past participle of renague
reshines: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshine
renagues: third-person singular simple present indicative of renague
repreeve: Obsolete form of reprieve.
reshined: simple past and past participle of reshine
oversups: third-person singular simple present indicative of oversup
galoping: present participle and gerund of galop
grenning: present participle and gerund of gren
galopped: simple past and past participle of galop
battiked: simple past and past participle of battik
beclasps: third-person singular simple present indicative of beclasp
blunking: present participle and gerund of blunk
becrowds: third-person singular simple present indicative of becrowd
coadjute: To cooperate (with)
warrands: third-person singular simple present indicative of warrand
willeyed: simple past and past participle of willey
pretuned: simple past and past participle of pretune
out-topt: Obsolete form of out-topped.
unvirgin: To take the virginity of.
pretunes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretune
allegges: third-person singular simple present indicative of allegge
allegged: simple past and past participle of allegge
anviling: present participle and gerund of anvil
areading: present participle and gerund of aread
askanted: simple past and past participle of askant
unsafing: present participle and gerund of unsafe
savveyed: simple past and past participle of savvey
shetting: present participle and gerund of shet
shlumped: simple past and past participle of shlump
shreeked: simple past and past participle of shreek
skidooed: simple past and past participle of skidoo
smitting: present participle and gerund of smit
skiddoos: third-person singular simple present indicative of skiddoo
sirnamed: simple past and past participle of sirname
sownding: present participle and gerund of sownd
slishing: present participle and gerund of slish
spalding: present participle and gerund of spald
spighted: simple past and past participle of spight
piqueted: simple past and past participle of piquet
poesying: present participle and gerund of poesy
possumed: simple past and past participle of possum
pulvered: simple past and past participle of pulver
propaged: simple past and past participle of propage
mythized: simple past and past participle of mythize
mythizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mythize
mimmicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mimmick
hardface: To apply a harder or tougher material to (a base metal) by welding.
deducest: second-person singular simple present indicative of deduce
misdumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of misdump
debeards: third-person singular simple present indicative of debeard
plate up: To dish out or place food on a plate prior to serving.
scud run: To fly below the bases of low clouds and close to the ground in an attempt to maintain external visual reference in weather ordinarily considered too poor for visual flying.
gooching: present participle and gerund of gooch
wedelned: simple past and past participle of wedeln
verticut: To mow (grass) vertically, to remove thatch buildup.
misendow: To provide or endow with something that is not a benefit.
roll off: To spontaneously roll suddenly and rapidly to one side or the other upon entering a stall (due to one wing stalling slightly before the other does, combined with the reduced effectiveness of ailerons for roll control at high angles of attack).
roll off: To come off (something) with a rolling motion.
roll off: To come from an assembly line.
roll off: To show reduced response at the upper or lower limits of a frequency range.
Airbnbed: simple past and past participle of Airbnb
Airbnb's: third-person singular simple present indicative of Airbnb
goofs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of goof on
zincizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zincize
zincized: simple past and past participle of zincize
misenrol: To enrol incorrectly.
Yankeefy: To make Yankee.
snatch'd: simple past and past participle of snatch
obtain'd: simple past and past participle of obtain
destin'd: simple past and past participle of destine
render'd: simple past and past participle of render
deserv'd: simple past and past participle of deserve
restor'd: simple past and past participle of restore
perish'd: simple past and past participle of perish
bestow'd: simple past and past participle of bestow
borrow'd: simple past and past participle of borrow
beat-mix: Alternative form of beatmix
beat mix: Alternative form of beatmix
outrhyme: To surpass in rhyming.
wax down: To rub or polish with wax to create a slick, shiny and/or waterproof coating; to wax.
wax down: To stiffen by coating or permeating with wax.
wax down: To coat (hair) with an oily or waxy substance in order to hold it in place.
wax down: To generate a layer of wax that completely covers.
wax down: To seal over with wax, in order to make airtight and watertight.
wax down: To paste into place using wax.
wax down: To taper off; to gradually quiet or diminish.
clung to: simple past and past participle of cling to
rebubble: To bubble up again
rebubble: To reform a protective bubble
rebubble: To reinject air into an eye in order to correct retinal detachment
crambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of cramble
crambled: simple past and past participle of cramble
biplaned: simple past and past participle of biplane
misfarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfarm
misfavor: To dislike or disapprove of; to view with displeasure or dislike.
misfavor: To disadvantage or exhibit bias against.
ammonize: Synonym of ammoniate
seek for: To try to find or attain; to seek.
unmorphs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmorph
deheaded: simple past and past participle of dehead
mommucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mommuck
y'alling: present participle and gerund of y'all
whips up: third-person singular simple present indicative of whip up
rebussed: simple past and past participle of rebus
upwheels: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwheel
upwrench: To wrench upward; to tear up or uproot.
facehoof: to facepalm.
debadges: third-person singular simple present indicative of debadge
debadged: simple past and past participle of debadge
kicks it: third-person singular simple present indicative of kick it
spool up: To increase in rotational speed, producing an increase in thrust.
spool up: To be brought into full operation; to reach full potential or capacity.
spoke up: simple past of speak up
WiFi-ing: present participle and gerund of WiFi
wifi-ing: present participle and gerund of wifi
petaling: present participle and gerund of petal
plasmise: To turn (an object or material) into plasma (the state of matter).
pokering: present participle and gerund of poker
poker up: To become expressionless; to put on a poker face.
goes ham: third-person singular simple present indicative of go ham
gone ham: past participle of go ham
went ham: simple past of go ham
oopsying: present participle and gerund of oopsy
ignobled: simple past and past participle of ignoble
linquish: To relinquish; to give up.
profects: third-person singular simple present indicative of profect
acupress: To apply acupressure to.
airifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of airify
airified: simple past and past participle of airify
misfetch: To fetch the wrong block of code or instruction.
misfetch: To steer to the incorrect location when trying to fetch somewhere.
albified: simple past and past participle of albify
albifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of albify
rebanded: simple past and past participle of reband
misfilms: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfilm
shigging: present participle and gerund of shig
appropry: To appropriate (for); to set apart.
reaccrue: To accrue again.
reappeal: To appeal again.
reallude: To allude again.
rebaling: present participle and gerund of rebale
reattest: To attest again.
rebathed: simple past and past participle of rebathe
rebetray: To betray again.
rebathes: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebathe
reavouch: To avouch again.
rebladed: simple past and past participle of reblade
reblades: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblade
rebestow: To bestow again.
reanchor: To anchor again.
recurled: simple past and past participle of recurl
rebillet: To billet again.
recancel: To cancel again.
rechisel: To chisel again.
recopper: To sheathe or coat with copper again.
redaubed: simple past and past participle of redaub
redarken: To darken again.
redarned: simple past and past participle of redarn
redevote: To devote again.
rededuct: To deduct again.
reforbid: To forbid again.
reimpels: third-person singular simple present indicative of reimpel
reimpart: To impart again.
redefers: third-person singular simple present indicative of redefer
redelays: third-person singular simple present indicative of redelay
replanes: third-person singular simple present indicative of replane
reignore: To ignore again.
repawned: simple past and past participle of repawn
reshears: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshear
remasked: simple past and past participle of remask
replaned: simple past and past participle of replane
retilled: simple past and past participle of retill
resteels: third-person singular simple present indicative of resteel
reraking: present participle and gerund of rerake
traching: present participle and gerund of trache
resweeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of resweep
retaming: present participle and gerund of retame
rewhiten: To whiten again.
reyoking: present participle and gerund of reyoke
revacate: To vacate again.
ringlead: To act as ringleader.
landsurf: To take part in landsurfing
misfills: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfill
decatise: Alternative form of decatize
swoshing: present participle and gerund of swosh
swiftens: third-person singular simple present indicative of swiften
kerblams: third-person singular simple present indicative of kerblam
misfixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfix
misfixed: simple past and past participle of misfix
misflips: third-person singular simple present indicative of misflip
overbowl: To bowl excessively
oversoar: To soar over or above
minor in: To study as or qualify in a subsidiary subject at college or university.
misfools: third-person singular simple present indicative of misfool
misforge: To forge improperly.
etiolize: To etiolate
Eastered: simple past and past participle of Easter
movieize: To convert or adapt into a motion picture.
thesping: present participle and gerund of thesp
discries: third-person singular simple present indicative of discry
discried: simple past and past participle of discry
puckerow: To seize; to take hold of.
misglued: simple past and past participle of misglue
misglues: third-person singular simple present indicative of misglue
ketonize: To tautomerize from an enol to a ketone
misgloss: To provide an incorrect translation or synopsis of
misgrabs: third-person singular simple present indicative of misgrab
misgrasp: To fail to correctly understand; misunderstand.
detarget: To no longer target
misgrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of misgrip
misguard: To fail to guard properly.
misgrind: To grind improperly.
vagulate: To wander in a vague manner
prussiks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prussik
match up: To be similar or the same.
match up: To put together, or in a pair.
match up: To matchmake; to set up a romantic meeting between two people.
lawnmown: past participle of lawnmow
averrest: second-person singular simple present indicative of aver
averreth: third-person singular simple present indicative of aver
mishangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishang
coreside: To reside with another
geodized: simple past and past participle of geodize
misheals: third-person singular simple present indicative of misheal
misherds: third-person singular simple present indicative of misherd
mishired: simple past and past participle of mishire
mishires: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishire
mis-hire: Alternative form of mishire
copering: present participle and gerund of coper
unlassos: third-person singular simple present indicative of unlasso
inthrust: To thrust in or inward.
intubing: present participle and gerund of intube
outhurls: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhurl
outcarry: To carry more than.
oxywelds: third-person singular simple present indicative of oxyweld
hotpatch: Alternative form of hot patch
reablate: To ablate again (as, for example, with repeated ablation of cardiac fibers for recurrent arrhythmias).
tetrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of tetrate
hexating: present participle and gerund of hexate
tetrated: simple past and past participle of tetrate
pentates: third-person singular simple present indicative of pentate
pentated: simple past and past participle of pentate
misimply: To imply something that is not true.
bewishes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewish
bewished: simple past and past participle of bewish
bare all: To take off one's clothes; to get naked.
bare all: To reveal everything (in particular, information of a sensitive or embarrassing nature).
had legs: simple past and past participle of have legs
has legs: third-person singular simple present indicative of have legs
wile out: Alternative form of wild out
brighted: simple past and past participle of bright
baltered: simple past and past participle of balter
march on: To continue or keep on.
march on: To protest (a place or institution).
march on: To invade or attack (a place); to move towards a place in preparation for an attack.
deathens: third-person singular simple present indicative of deathen
vertreps: third-person singular simple present indicative of vertrep
evens up: third-person singular simple present indicative of even up
reprompt: To prompt again.
retriage: To triage again.
divoting: present participle and gerund of divot
gears up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gear up
resoaped: simple past and past participle of resoap
resnatch: To snatch again.
shoulded: simple past and past participle of should
autocamp: To stay at an autocamp.
grossify: To make gross.
legended: simple past and past participle of legend
bangs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of bang on
gay-bash: Alternative form of gay bash
talks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of talk up
glows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of glow up
glown up: past participle of glow up
unjinxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjinx
bitcrush: To drastically distort the audio of sounds or music, usually via a bit crusher.
misknits: third-person singular simple present indicative of misknit
noscoped: simple past and past participle of noscope
no scope: Alternative spelling of no-scope
forleads: third-person singular simple present indicative of forlead
cackleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of cackle
fuffling: present participle and gerund of fuffle
misknots: third-person singular simple present indicative of misknot
mislaced: simple past and past participle of mislace
mislaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislace
decooled: simple past and past participle of decool
farthers: third-person singular simple present indicative of farther
live for: To deeply enjoy or be fulfilled by something esteemed as very important in one's life.
live for: To find a reason to continue having the will to live.
live for: To eagerly await or hope for (a significant life event).
dovening: present participle and gerund of doven
indelved: simple past and past participle of indelve
ingraved: simple past and past participle of ingrave
educting: present participle and gerund of educt
disbonds: third-person singular simple present indicative of disbond
mislevel: To fail to move to the exact level of the intended floor.
mislevel: To introduce an angle on something so that is supposed to be perfectly flat.
mislevel: To misdirect.
mislevel: To assign the wrong level to
given me: past participle of give me
gives me: third-person singular simple present indicative of give me
tuberise: To cause or to undergo tuberisation
move off: To start moving.
v-fibbed: simple past and past participle of v-fib
e-hailed: simple past and past participle of e-hail
molrowed: simple past and past participle of molrow
yeehahed: simple past and past participle of yeehah
mislines: third-person singular simple present indicative of misline
mislined: simple past and past participle of misline
fashying: present participle and gerund of fashy
wingmans: third-person singular simple present indicative of wingman
redebuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of redebut
said yes: simple past and past participle of say yes
says yes: third-person singular simple present indicative of say yes
twagging: present participle and gerund of twag
redebits: third-person singular simple present indicative of redebit
misloves: third-person singular simple present indicative of mislove
misloved: simple past and past participle of mislove
ran riot: simple past of run riot
venomize: To envenom.
moguling: present participle and gerund of mogul
shallest: Alternative form of shalst
kipsying: present participle and gerund of kipsy
declaire: Misspelling of declare.
oblonged: simple past and past participle of oblong
quirling: present participle and gerund of quirl
hayraked: simple past and past participle of hayrake
cardened: simple past and past participle of carden
analling: present participle and gerund of anal
co-found: Alternative form of cofound
cable up: To connect by inserting or installing a cable.
jaspered: simple past and past participle of jasper
souffléd: simple past and past participle of soufflé
unprimes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unprime
blemming: present participle and gerund of blem
rerivets: third-person singular simple present indicative of rerivet
reslides: third-person singular simple present indicative of reslide
reuplift: To uplift again.
reshunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshunt
virilify: To make virile.
throddle: Misspelling of throttle.
adelizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of adelize
adelized: simple past and past participle of adelize
ganneted: simple past and past participle of gannet
footpass: To make a pass of this kind.
stouping: present participle and gerund of stoup
vouvoyed: simple past and past participle of vouvoy
vousvoie: Alternative form of vouvoy
nanolens: To undergo nanolensing
gone HAM: past participle of go HAM
went HAM: simple past of go HAM
goes HAM: third-person singular simple present indicative of go HAM
mismeets: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismeet
mismends: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismend
red-bait: Alternative form of redbait
bhopping: present participle and gerund of bhop
unalives: third-person singular simple present indicative of unalive
unalived: simple past and past participle of unalive
seafares: third-person singular simple present indicative of seafare
keeps in: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep in
womanned: simple past and past participle of woman
refettle: To fettle again.
écuelled: simple past and past participle of écuelle
self-iso: Short for self-isolate.
rinching: present participle and gerund of rinch
tenukied: simple past and past participle of tenuki
outfames: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfame
outfamed: simple past and past participle of outfame
pace out: To make a measurement by counting the number of equally spaced steps.
mismerge: To merge incorrectly.
mismetre: Alternative form of mismeter
missexed: simple past and past participle of missex
missexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of missex
coossify: To ossify along with another
boxes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of box up
boxed up: simple past and past participle of box up
boot one: To make a mistake.
made off: simple past and past participle of make off
Muzaking: present participle and gerund of Muzak
mismixed: simple past and past participle of mismix
mismixes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismix
hotelize: To make into, or similar to, a hotel.
buttying: present participle and gerund of butty
greenize: To convert (a process, etc.) into a more environmentally friendly form.
mismolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mismold
disreefs: third-person singular simple present indicative of disreef
outskill: To surpass in skill.
outskill: To outsource the skilled part of an enterprise.
de-skill: Alternative form of deskill
Galvayne: To break (a horse) by bending its neck and tying the halter to its tail, so that the horse turns when it attempts to move forward.
crinched: simple past and past participle of crinch
baronize: To confer the status of baron upon.
becolors: third-person singular simple present indicative of becolor
emparish: To create a parish for an area, in particular a civil parish.
wean off: to get (someone) off (an addiction), to rid (someone) of a habit
spraffed: simple past and past participle of spraff
outnerve: To show more nerve than.
tobogans: third-person singular simple present indicative of tobogan
baconise: Alternative form of baconize
crosslit: simple past and past participle of crosslight
cruelize: To treat cruelly.
backmaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of backmap
serosort: To sort according to serostatus
fungasms: third-person singular simple present indicative of fungasm
shuckles: third-person singular simple present indicative of shuckle
shuckled: simple past and past participle of shuckle
wolloped: simple past and past participle of wollop
encolors: third-person singular simple present indicative of encolor
trysteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of tryst
retoxify: To add foreign and harmful substances to something again.
felinize: To make cat-like, or turn into a cat.
felinize: To adapt (a therapy) for use on cats.
unhopple: To free (an animal) from a hopple.
unhamper: To free from hindrances.
tips out: third-person singular simple present indicative of tip out
abatedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of abate
mismould: Alternative form of mismold
mismount: To mount improperly.
sonolyse: To employ sonolysis
misnails: third-person singular simple present indicative of misnail
skaiting: present participle and gerund of skait
misnests: third-person singular simple present indicative of misnest
mascoted: simple past and past participle of mascot
copacked: simple past and past participle of copack
bilerped: simple past and past participle of bilerp
trilerps: third-person singular simple present indicative of trilerp
outlabor: Alternative form of outlabour
outchase: To chase better than; to surpass in chasing.
outchase: To outrun or overtake.
hydrojet: To wash or blast with a pressurized jet of water.
outloads: third-person singular simple present indicative of outload
hike out: to lean over the edge of a boat, in order to counterbalance its weight when it is tilted, to avoid heeling.
misobeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of misobey
unblight: To undo the blighting of; to cure or ameliorate.
misboard: To board incorrectly (the wrong vehicle).
deprimed: past of deprime
prebolus: To take a premeal (preprandial) bolus of insulin shortly before a meal (usually just a few minutes before).
prebolus: To administer (one's insulin dose) in this way.
prebolus: To preempt bad effects of (one's meals) in this way.
dare-say: Alternative form of daresay
misopens: third-person singular simple present indicative of misopen
mispaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispace
mispaced: simple past and past participle of mispace
test out: To try or experiment with (something or someone) in order to see if it works, is true, or is successful.
test out: To explore (something one has little experience with), especially to do so in a safe environment.
test out: To explore how (someone) responds to something; To feel someone out.
test out: To demonstrate a certain result in a test, especially a successful result.
test out: To pass a placement test that enables one to avoid taking a course.
swazzled: simple past and past participle of swazzle
walls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wall up
torn off: past participle of tear off
tore off: simple past of tear off
chiveyed: simple past and past participle of chivey
nods out: third-person singular simple present indicative of nod out
goes ape: third-person singular simple present indicative of go ape
gone ape: past participle of go ape
went ape: simple past of go ape
runs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of run off
metaling: present participle and gerund of metal
remetals: third-person singular simple present indicative of remetal
undeploy: To undo the deployment of; to revert to a state prior to deployment of.
prevaile: Obsolete spelling of prevail
break it: To deliver unfortunate or upsetting news to someone.
broke it: simple past of break it
shapened: simple past and past participle of shapen
brisk up: To enliven or invigorate.
waitered: simple past and past participle of waiter
Yahooing: present participle and gerund of Yahoo
campshed: To build such a supporting structure.
took ten: simple past of take ten
got lost: simple past of get lost
sorceled: simple past and past participle of sorcel: alternative form of ensorcelled (“bewitched, enchanted”)
lumps it: third-person singular simple present indicative of lump it
re-solve: To solve again.
bedirted: simple past and past participle of bedirt
farrying: present participle and gerund of farry
begrutch: Obsolete form of begrudge.
retanned: simple past and past participle of retan
elimated: simple past and past participle of elimate
recaging: present participle and gerund of recage
riles up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rile up
ensilver: To cover with, or as if with, silver.
yucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of yuck up
denylist: Synonym of blacklist
yuck out: To disgust or nauseate.
TikToked: simple past and past participle of TikTok
survened: simple past and past participle of survene
jets off: third-person singular simple present indicative of jet off
holds it: third-person singular simple present indicative of hold it
pull for: To root for, support, or encourage (someone).
rips off: third-person singular simple present indicative of rip off
saved as: simple past and past participle of save as
takes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of take in
boraxing: present participle and gerund of borax
rucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ruck up
unduping: present participle and gerund of undupe
unhoaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhoax
unhoaxed: simple past and past participle of unhoax
unloaden: past participle of unload
remeshed: simple past and past participle of remesh
plovered: simple past and past participle of plover
zincised: simple past and past participle of zincise
zincises: third-person singular simple present indicative of zincise
affiched: simple past and past participle of affiche
partyize: To adapt to the norms or values of a political party.
francize: Synonym of frenchify, to make French or more French-like.
francize: Synonym of frenchify, to become French or more French-like.
tonalise: To view or create in terms of tonalism.
tarts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tart up
katalyze: Alternative form of catalyse
recomped: simple past and past participle of recomp
fritz up: to go on the fritz, to become broken or malfunctioning
retoasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of retoast
wallbang: To shoot at a character through a wall without having vision on them.
unwields: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwield
teasling: present participle and gerund of teasle
unvatted: simple past and past participle of unvat
slumbred: simple past and past participle of slumbre
upcrawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcrawl
crank it: To masturbate by stimulating the penis.
clumpify: To form into clumps
unkegged: simple past and past participle of unkeg
quorking: present participle and gerund of quork
netdecks: third-person singular simple present indicative of netdeck
alleyoop: Alternative form of alley oop
dishwash: To wash dishes and other dishware.
dishwash: To wish in a dishwasher
piles in: third-person singular simple present indicative of pile in
pile out: To leave or exit a location or a vehicle in large numbers.
piled in: simple past and past participle of pile in
beak off: To complain.
beak off: To boast.
beak off: To yammer; to blab.
beak off: To be truant; to skip school.
sourened: simple past and past participle of souren
spherify: To make spherical.
sextorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of sextort
cocks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cock up
preplays: third-person singular simple present indicative of preplay
foosters: third-person singular simple present indicative of fooster
foosther: Alternative form of fooster
moisteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of moist
brews up: third-person singular simple present indicative of brew up
threw in: simple past of throw in
misparks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispark
shampoed: simple past and past participle of shampo
shikared: simple past and past participle of shikar
champoed: simple past and past participle of champo
rode out: simple past of ride out
mahouted: simple past and past participle of mahout
mispaste: To paste incorrectly.
compèred: simple past and past participle of compère
destroke: To reduce or shorten the stroke of (an engine).
reins in: third-person singular simple present indicative of rein in
defamate: To defame, libel, or slander.
updoming: present participle and gerund of updome
unwedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwedge
misphase: To put or become out of phase.
fretsawn: past participle of fretsaw
resleeve: To replace in a sleeve, or fit a new sleeve to.
mispiled: simple past and past participle of mispile
mispiles: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispile
mispicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispick
wishcast: To interpret information or a situation in a way that casts it as favorable or desired, despite the fact that there is no evidence for such a conclusion.
auspiced: simple past and past participle of auspice
overwarn: To warn excessively.
apathize: To make apathetic or insensible
apathize: To become apathetic or insensible
echoised: simple past and past participle of echoise
echoises: third-person singular simple present indicative of echoise
marining: present participle and gerund of marine
shikhoed: simple past and past participle of shikho
blamming: present participle and gerund of blam
fedposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of fedpost
scobbing: present participle and gerund of scob
titching: present participle and gerund of titch
lassuing: present participle and gerund of lassu
lugowing: present participle and gerund of lugow
lugaoing: present participle and gerund of lugao
prebroke: simple past of prebreak
eyeraped: simple past and past participle of eyerape
eyerapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of eyerape
permadie: To permanently die.
fangs it: third-person singular simple present indicative of fang it
eye-rape: Alternative form of eyerape
skin-pop: Alternative form of skinpop
hip-hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of hip-hop
skinpops: third-person singular simple present indicative of skinpop
JPEGging: present participle and gerund of JPEG
dozzling: present participle and gerund of dozzle
jet-wash: Alternative form of jetwash
lectored: simple past and past participle of lector
postcued: simple past and past participle of postcue
postcues: third-person singular simple present indicative of postcue
hellbans: third-person singular simple present indicative of hellban
gulagged: simple past and past participle of gulag (alternative spelling of gulaged)
gulaging: present participle and gerund of gulag
loofaing: present participle and gerund of loofa
loofahed: simple past and past participle of loofah
carnaped: simple past and past participle of carnap
toracing: present participle and gerund of torace
breed up: To educate; to instruct; to bring up.
mummered: simple past and past participle of mummer
obvolved: simple past and past participle of obvolve
jock off: To replace (a jockey) with another.
back-pat: Synonym of pat on the back
bed surf: Synonym of couch surf
premated: simple past and past participle of premate
vblogged: simple past and past participle of vblog
give paw: Of dogs, to present one's paw for a handshake with a human.
give paw: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see give, paw.
skrrting: present participle and gerund of skrrt
gave paw: simple past of give paw
cripping: present participle and gerund of crip
strunted: simple past and past participle of strunt
deliever: Obsolete form of deliver.
fell for: simple past of fall for
detrucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of detruck
monocoat: To apply this kind of coating to.
goalkeep: To goaltend.
freeskis: third-person singular simple present indicative of freeski
squinked: simple past and past participle of squink
blickers: third-person singular simple present indicative of blicker
leant on: simple past and past participle of lean on
leans on: third-person singular simple present indicative of lean on
re-evoke: Alternative form of reevoke
reëvokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reëvoke
reëvoked: simple past and past participle of reëvoke
dips out: third-person singular simple present indicative of dip out
paupered: simple past and past participle of pauper
quadrify: To convert into one or more quadrilaterals.
bikepack: To take part in bikepacking.
unslices: third-person singular simple present indicative of unslice
outwrung: simple past and past participle of outwring
outwoven: past participle of outweave
outweave: To surpass in weaving; to weave more or better than.
outwring: To wring out.
outspurt: To spurt outward.
satcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of satcast
backpats: third-person singular simple present indicative of backpat
readhere: To adhere again.
reunpack: To unpack again.
retumble: To tumble again.
walrused: simple past and past participle of walrus
reunfold: To unfold again.
specting: present participle and gerund of spect
splooted: simple past and past participle of sploot
snamming: present participle and gerund of snam
misplate: To plate incorrectly. (any sense)
afflates: third-person singular simple present indicative of afflate
atmolyze: Alternative form of atmolyse
mispitch: To sing or play one or more notes at the wrong pitch.
mispitch: To give the wrong angle or pitch to.
mispitch: To pitch badly or in error (any sense).
mispitch: To do a poor job of promoting or selling someone or something, or to attemp such promotion at the wrong place or time.
mispitch: To pitch badly or in error (any sense).
mispitch: To set up a tent or camp badly (poor construction, bad location, etc.)
mispitch: To pitch badly or in error (any sense).
mispitch: To discard incorrectly.
mispitch: To pitch badly or in error (any sense).
mispitch: To throw badly.
polkadot: Alternative spelling of polka dot
lepaying: present participle and gerund of lepay
stars up: third-person singular simple present indicative of star up
drouging: present participle and gerund of drouge
girlmode: To present as female, regardless of one's actual gender identity, especially of a trans man.
quothing: present participle and gerund of quoth
chronify: To become chronic
webcrawl: To follow hyperlinks in a website by automated means.
rocks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rock up
booknaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of booknap
ausforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of ausform
deratize: Synonym of derat (“to rid of rats”)
defluffs: third-person singular simple present indicative of defluff
Iranizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Iranize
Iranized: simple past and past participle of Iranize
gekkered: simple past and past participle of gekker
prodused: Misspelling of produced.
goes far: third-person singular simple present indicative of go far
DonoWall: To completely ignore or disregard.
unmouths: third-person singular simple present indicative of unmouth
unpoints: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpoint
unreefed: simple past and past participle of unreef
unprying: present participle and gerund of unpry
unroasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unroast
unsheets: third-person singular simple present indicative of unsheet
upspurts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upspurt
sexpects: third-person singular simple present indicative of sexpect
rugbying: present participle and gerund of rugby
moved on: simple past and past participle of move on
moves on: third-person singular simple present indicative of move on
redecode: To decode again.
dejuiced: simple past and past participle of dejuice
dejuices: third-person singular simple present indicative of dejuice
ineyeing: present participle and gerund of ineye
deshapes: third-person singular simple present indicative of deshape
deshaped: simple past and past participle of deshape
shat out: past participle of shit out
shat out: simple past of shit out
run-walk: To walk and run alternatingly in such a fashion that the share of walking is greater.
physreps: third-person singular simple present indicative of physrep
phys-rep: Uncommon form of physrep.
dekecked: simple past and past participle of dekeck
dekekked: simple past and past participle of dekek
fourthed: simple past and past participle of fourth
demaggot: To rid (an animal) of maggots.
reoutput: To output again.
ghostify: To make ghostly, or turn into a ghost.
ghooming: present participle and gerund of ghoom
snilched: simple past and past participle of snilch
snilches: third-person singular simple present indicative of snilch
goalkept: simple past and past participle of goalkeep
netminds: third-person singular simple present indicative of netmind
opsonify: Synonym of opsonize
girlboss: To behave or act as a girlboss.
4getting: present participle and gerund of 4get
unshawls: third-person singular simple present indicative of unshawl
unshield: To expose by removing the shield or protective shielding from.
taken up: past participle of take up
datamosh: To intentionally corrupt a digital video, creating a surreal effect.
burns up: third-person singular simple present indicative of burn up
burnt up: simple past and past participle of burn up
soft-sub: Alternative form of softsub
soft sub: Alternative form of softsub
fatalize: To make fatal or deadly.
flexured: simple past and past participle of flexure
re-state: Alternative form of restate
restroke: To stroke again
snarting: present participle and gerund of snart
docetize: To explain or interpret in terms of docetism.
chertify: To change into chert.
ended in: simple past and past participle of end in
butts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of butt up
rockabye: To rock soothingly.
camos up: third-person singular simple present indicative of camo up
skunk up: To make (a place) foul by one's presence.
recuping: present participle and gerund of recupe
gangpile: To attack someone or something as a group.
realarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of realarm
cloathed: simple past and past participle of cloathe
reabsent: To absent again.
reaspire: To aspire again.
reawaits: third-person singular simple present indicative of reawait
rebronze: To bronze again.
rebudget: To budget again.
reattire: To attire again.
rechants: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechant
reclangs: third-person singular simple present indicative of reclang
redispel: To dispel again.
redocket: To docket again.
rehedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehedge
rehedged: simple past and past participle of rehedge
rewalled: simple past and past participle of rewall
absorped: simple past and past participle of absorp
wheetled: simple past and past participle of wheetle
wheetles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheetle
give hat: alternative form of give head
fullfill: Misspelling of fulfill.
cambacks: third-person singular simple present indicative of camback
adhesing: present participle and gerund of adhese
hungrify: To make hungry.
overfelt: simple past and past participle of overfeel
chickify: To girlify, sissify, feminize
misplots: third-person singular simple present indicative of misplot
misplugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of misplug
exodusts: third-person singular simple present indicative of exodust
mispluck: To pluck incorrectly.
mispours: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispour
dializes: third-person singular simple present indicative of dialize
dialized: simple past and past participle of dialize
spincast: To fish with a reel of this kind.
prævails: third-person singular simple present indicative of prævail
draft in: Drafting a new rookie player to join a professional team.
spliffed: simple past and past participle of spliff
prævales: third-person singular simple present indicative of prævale
prævaled: simple past and past participle of prævale
prævaile: Obsolete form of prevail.
præferre: Obsolete spelling of prefer
gases up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gas up
insurged: simple past and past participle of insurge
vamouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of vamous
vamouses: third-person singular simple present indicative of vamouse
vamoused: simple past and past participle of vamous
vamoused: simple past and past participle of vamouse
whiddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whiddle
whiddled: simple past and past participle of whiddle
relathed: simple past and past participle of relath
Putinise: To take over power employing allegedly undemocratic means.
Putinize: Alternative form of Putinise
declumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of declump
gapfills: third-person singular simple present indicative of gapfill
belapped: simple past and past participle of belap
pinataed: simple past and past participle of pinata
piñataed: simple past and past participle of piñata
wises up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wise up
wised up: past participle of wise up
unjewels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unjewel
unexport: To cease to export; to remove from a list of things to be exported.
biotrack: To leave such a track
headbump: To nudge or bump with the head as a gesture.
wobulate: Alternative form of wobbulate
avelling: present participle and gerund of avel
unmating: present participle and gerund of unmate
unnooses: third-person singular simple present indicative of unnoose
unplanks: third-person singular simple present indicative of unplank
unnoosed: simple past and past participle of unnoose
unprints: third-person singular simple present indicative of unprint
unpocket: To remove from a pocket.
unplunge: To plunge back out of something; to emerge suddenly.
unslides: third-person singular simple present indicative of unslide
unwaxing: present participle and gerund of unwax
upfloats: third-person singular simple present indicative of upfloat
upcreeps: third-person singular simple present indicative of upcreep
uncallow: To remove the upper stratum of earth in order to reach the bed of gravel, chalk, or other substance beneath.
unchests: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchest
hidating: present participle and gerund of hidate
unchurns: third-person singular simple present indicative of unchurn
unhinder: To remove a hindrance from; to free or unencumber.
rezipper: To fasten again with a zipper.
outwaste: To waste entirely.
funposts: third-person singular simple present indicative of funpost
cophined: simple past and past participle of cophin
leave on: To cause or allow to remain in the on or open position.
paranged: simple past and past participle of parang
freezin': Pronunciation spelling of freezing.
grabbin': Pronunciation spelling of grabbing.
boastin': Pronunciation spelling of boasting.
kreistle: To cause (a person) to shudder; to disgust.
desiloed: simple past and past participle of desilo
unniches: third-person singular simple present indicative of unniche
unniched: simple past and past participle of unniche
unwrench: To wrench back out of place; to remove by wrenching.
decating: present participle and gerund of decate
Byronize: To make something, or someone, more Byronic
Byronize: To look at the world as if one were a Byronic character
uptowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptower
upspouts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upspout
unzoning: present participle and gerund of unzone
unwrests: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwrest
unwheels: third-person singular simple present indicative of unwheel
upquiver: To quiver upward.
unswivel: To release or remove by swivelling; to swivel back again.
upsprout: To sprout up.
unroving: present participle and gerund of unrove
unbefits: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbefit
unbaffle: To free from bafflement; to unconfuse or enlighten.
bewilled: simple past and past participle of bewill
unbatten: To open (something previously battened down.
unbetray: Hypothetically, to undo the betrayal of.
partaked: simple past of partake
mistaked: simple past of mistake
warshing: present participle and gerund of warsh
emerized: simple past and past participle of emerize
undergot: simple past and past participle of underget
emerizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of emerize
chips in: third-person singular simple present indicative of chip in
blawging: present participle and gerund of blawg
seizured: simple past and past participle of seizure
reusurps: third-person singular simple present indicative of reusurp
uncurdle: To reverse the process of curdling.
tied off: simple past and past participle of tie off
ties off: third-person singular simple present indicative of tie off
unallots: third-person singular simple present indicative of unallot
unattach: To detach.
unbusies: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbusy
unbrails: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbrail
rejoists: third-person singular simple present indicative of rejoist
unhedges: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhedge
rehoists: third-person singular simple present indicative of rehoist
unhoists: third-person singular simple present indicative of unhoist
unhocked: simple past and past participle of unhock
unhuddle: To emerge from a huddle or tight group.
unadapts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unadapt
unclears: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclear
uncasque: To remove a casque or helmet from.
uncoffle: To free from a coffle.
duckroll: To prank (someone) in this fashion.
gristing: present participle and gerund of grist
belearnt: simple past and past participle of belearn
belearns: third-person singular simple present indicative of belearn
haul out: To come out of the water, in order to rest
haul out: To pull on an outhaul in order to extend (a sail) along a spar, or to pull on a reef-tackle to reef (a sail).
haul out: To turn sharply in order to deviate from the current heading or course.
haul out: To pull a boat out of the water; (by extension, loosely) to drydock a ship.
haul out: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see haul, out.
come too: Misspelling of come to.
sourding: present participle and gerund of sourd
unengage: To rid of a marriage engagement.
unspring: To release or be released by means of a spring.
unspring: To undo the springing of (a mechanism).
unsprang: simple past of unspring
untriced: simple past and past participle of untrice
untrices: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrice
unpetals: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpetal
go fetal: To assume the fetal position.
Googlize: Alternative form of Googlise
Googlise: To render (someone or something) searchable on the search engine Google.
lepering: present participle and gerund of leper
star-69s: third-person singular simple present indicative of star-69
star 69s: third-person singular simple present indicative of star 69
str8ning: present participle and gerund of str8n
pimps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pimp up
masturb8: Abbreviation of masturbate.
stank up: simple past of stink up
sent for: simple past and past participle of send for
rebunged: simple past and past participle of rebung
smallify: To make small or less significant.
zhoozhed: simple past and past participle of zhoozh
dumbcows: third-person singular simple present indicative of dumbcow
zhoozhes: third-person singular simple present indicative of zhoozh
Tagalize: To make Tagalog; to give Tagalog traits to.
Tagalize: To adapt into the Tagalog language.
Tagalize: To Filipinize.
looks at: third-person singular simple present indicative of look at
rissoled: simple past and past participle of rissole
overboom: To grow or progress too quickly, resulting in the crash of (something).
blarnied: simple past and past participle of blarny
blarnies: third-person singular simple present indicative of blarny
bewreath: To wreath.
bakelize: To coat with Bakelite.
resmoked: simple past and past participle of resmoke
resmokes: third-person singular simple present indicative of resmoke
de-gayed: simple past and past participle of de-gay
xferring: present participle and gerund of xfer
xforming: present participle and gerund of xform
Moodling: present participle and gerund of Moodle
gone for: past participle of go for
goes for: third-person singular simple present indicative of go for
went for: simple past of go for
subjoyns: third-person singular simple present indicative of subjoyn
subjoyne: Obsolete form of subjoin.
enjoynes: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjoyne
enjoyned: simple past and past participle of enjoyn
enjoyned: simple past and past participle of enjoyne
Armenize: Synonym of Armenianize
datamine: To research or analyze software data, especially looking for hidden content in video games.
autosign: To sign (a cryptographic certificate) automatically.
avigated: simple past and past participle of avigate
avigates: third-person singular simple present indicative of avigate
scud ran: simple past and past participle of scud run
ahemming: present participle and gerund of ahem
Greeking: present participle and gerund of Greek
Greek it: To act like a Greek, especially the Ancient Greeks.
Greek it: To study the Ancient Greek language.
ungreens: third-person singular simple present indicative of ungreen
greek it: Alternative letter-case form of Greek it.
fux0ring: present participle and gerund of fux0r
sux0ring: present participle and gerund of sux0r
r0x0ring: present participle and gerund of r0x0r
flanning: present participle and gerund of flan
brittled: simple past and past participle of brittle
dowdying: present participle and gerund of dowdy
e-signed: simple past and past participle of e-sign
dowdy up: To make something appear plain and unattractive.
kill0red: simple past and past participle of kill0r
sexx0red: simple past and past participle of sexx0r
coexpand: To expand together; to (cause to) undergo coexpansion.
sex0ring: present participle and gerund of sex0r
Prussify: To Prussianize
frowsing: present participle and gerund of frowse
frowzing: present participle and gerund of frowze
re-icing: present participle and gerund of re-ice
wades in: third-person singular simple present indicative of wade in
waded in: simple past and past participle of wade in
de-spins: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-spin
ages out: third-person singular simple present indicative of age out
greebled: simple past and past participle of greeble
tip down: to rain heavily.
fearmong: Misconstruction of fearmonger.
xdresses: third-person singular simple present indicative of xdress
xdressed: simple past and past participle of xdress
notetook: simple past of notetake
notetake: To take notes.
exulteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exult
exultest: second-person singular simple present indicative of exult
degeners: third-person singular simple present indicative of degener
mabbling: present participle and gerund of mabble
Oprahing: present participle and gerund of Oprah
meänders: third-person singular simple present indicative of meänder
rileking: present participle and gerund of rilek
foregaze: To gaze forward or beforehand.
qualifys: third-person singular simple present indicative of qualify.
harbinge: To lodge, stay.
harbinge: To be a harbinger; to presage.
injogged: simple past and past participle of injog
wheeshed: simple past and past participle of wheesh
wheeshes: third-person singular simple present indicative of wheesh
wedeling: present participle and gerund of wedel
whombled: simple past and past participle of whomble
whommled: simple past and past participle of whommle
whommles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whommle
whombles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whomble
reeching: present participle and gerund of reech
reaedify: Archaic form of reedify.
reblazes: third-person singular simple present indicative of reblaze
rekerned: simple past and past participle of rekern
reblazed: simple past and past participle of reblaze
renforst: simple past and past participle of renforce
roaching: present participle and gerund of roach
rownding: present participle and gerund of rownd
sowssing: present participle and gerund of sowsse
tsk-tsks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tsk-tsk
marconis: third-person singular simple present indicative of marconi
worreted: simple past and past participle of worret
clown on: To mock; to ridicule.
commoted: simple past and past participle of commote
preedits: third-person singular simple present indicative of preedit
inshured: simple past and past participle of inshure
preaudit: To carry out an audit in advance, before a transaction etc. takes place.
unstages: third-person singular simple present indicative of unstage
cruizing: present participle and gerund of cruize
flotates: third-person singular simple present indicative of flotate
flotated: simple past and past participle of flotate
homegate: To tailgate (have a tailgate party) at home.
galleted: simple past and past participle of gallet
undesign: To reverse or fail to implement a design; to design something in a way that deliberately rejects the conventions of designing.
enveighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of enveigh
job-hunt: To search for a job
thringed: simple past of thring
thringed: past participle of thring
redampen: To dampen again.
unboying: present participle and gerund of unboy
scathest: second-person singular simple present indicative of scathe
scatheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of scathe
unvizors: third-person singular simple present indicative of unvizor
insoling: present participle and gerund of insole
outsoled: simple past and past participle of outsole
visoring: present participle and gerund of visor
overjuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of overjut
underget: To get less than expected or due.
coinvest: To invest jointly; to make a coinvestment.
hoorooed: simple past and past participle of hooroo
bluetick: To ignore (a message) sent via a social messaging app, especially one where a reply is expected or requested.
snorking: present participle and gerund of snork
reshored: simple past and past participle of reshore
reshores: third-person singular simple present indicative of reshore
coonfuse: To confuse, to perplex, either a black person or as a black person.
fan cast: To assign a real-life individual to a fictional character, based on one's preferences as a fan.
lulliloo: To utter a high-pitched oscillating joyous cry such as is traditionally used in Africa and the Middle East.
unrotate: Synonym of derotate (“to correct a rotational deformity”)
unrotate: To undo a rotation.
bluepill: Alternative form of blue pill
bulls**t: Censored spelling of bullshit.
pot mods: third-person singular simple present indicative of pot mod
grippled: simple past and past participle of gripple
golloped: simple past and past participle of gollop
wharving: present participle and gerund of wharve
scrummed: simple past and past participle of scrum
Bantuize: To make Bantu; to subject to Bantuization.
compands: third-person singular simple present indicative of compand
sat back: simple past and past participle of sit back
sits for: third-person singular simple present indicative of sit for
devalled: simple past and past participle of devall
develled: simple past and past participle of devel
buisting: present participle and gerund of buist
rebodies: third-person singular simple present indicative of rebody
scouging: present participle and gerund of scoug
outsnaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsnap
lawmakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of lawmake
shwacked: simple past and past participle of shwack
went far: simple past of go far
gone far: past participle of go far
deriches: third-person singular simple present indicative of derich
deriched: simple past and past participle of derich
unspills: third-person singular simple present indicative of unspill
re-group: Alternative form of regroup.
exhaleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of exhale
bar hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of bar hop
groundst: second-person singular simple past indicative of grind
pinks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pink up
bemedals: third-person singular simple present indicative of bemedal
whiggify: To make whiggish.
Patelled: simple past and past participle of Patel
Pateling: present participle and gerund of Patel
adumbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of adumber
obumbers: third-person singular simple present indicative of obumber
portaled: simple past and past participle of portal
xfeeding: present participle and gerund of xfeed
large it: To engage in or seek pleasurable activities with great enthusiasm.
unadopts: third-person singular simple present indicative of unadopt
unbottom: To remove the grounding or basis of.
overskim: To skim excessively; to remove too much material from, by skimming.
oversand: To sand excessively.
pootered: simple past and past participle of pooter
misgages: third-person singular simple present indicative of misgage
regaging: present participle and gerund of regage
misgaged: simple past and past participle of misgage
inpaints: third-person singular simple present indicative of inpaint
rotovaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of rotovap
rotovape: Alternative form of rotovap
cams out: third-person singular simple present indicative of cam out
pay down: To partially repay.
inkindle: Alternative form of enkindle
prefeeds: third-person singular simple present indicative of prefeed
chauffed: simple past and past participle of chauf
chauffed: simple past and past participle of chauff
preacing: present participle and gerund of preace
re-sound: Alternative form of resound (“to echo or repeat (a sound); to sound again”)
picks on: third-person singular simple present indicative of pick on
lying to: present participle and gerund of lie to
hot beds: third-person singular simple present indicative of hot bed
poshened: simple past and past participle of poshen
midlight: To dye (part of the hair) a slightly darker color than the rest.
quickled: simple past and past participle of quickle
quickles: third-person singular simple present indicative of quickle
black in: To regain or return to consciousness or attentiveness after having blacked out.
FaceTime: To communicate with somebody using the FaceTime videotelephony software.
FaceTime: To communicate with somebody using any form of video telephony software.
Duluxing: present participle and gerund of Dulux
Walmarts: third-person singular simple present indicative of Walmart
upmixing: present participle and gerund of upmix
upbubble: To bubble upward.
reviseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of revise
presteam: To steam in advance.
underlye: Obsolete form of underlie.
foreslew: simple past of foreslay
aperests: third-person singular simple present indicative of aperest
uparched: simple past and past participle of uparch
uparches: third-person singular simple present indicative of uparch
ran wild: simple past of run wild
droyling: present participle and gerund of droyle
phonying: present participle and gerund of phony
phoneyed: simple past and past participle of phoney
skinwalk: To engage in skinwalking.
tocracks: third-person singular simple present indicative of tocrack
prebunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of prebunk
unscares: third-person singular simple present indicative of unscare
venalize: To make venal; to put up for purchase.
isekaied: simple past and past participle of isekai
maddered: simple past and past participle of madder
wag hemp: To be hanged.
got back: simple past of get back
got back: past participle of get back
blew off: simple past of blow off
juarezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of juarez
boymoded: simple past and past participle of boymode
misprime: To prime incorrectly.
boymodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of boymode
grizbite: Alternative form of gristbite
bed-wets: third-person singular simple present indicative of bed-wet
faseling: present participle and gerund of fasel
faselled: simple past and past participle of fasel
lissened: simple past and past participle of lissen
wirepull: To exert an influence on (others) that is felt but not seen.
tonicked: simple past and past participle of tonic
depegged: simple past and past participle of depeg
overlaud: To laud excessively; to overpraise.
misprobe: To probe incorrectly.
overcull: To cull excessively.
tags out: third-person singular simple present indicative of tag out
coons it: third-person singular simple present indicative of coon it
fascined: simple past and past participle of fascine
gone mad: past participle of go mad
SIM swap: To engage in a SIM swap scheme.
hardlock: To be in or cause a hardlock; to transition to becoming unplayable.
deoccupy: To remove an occupation from (a place).
nause up: To botch or ruin; to make a mess of.
jubilize: To celebrate.
unbarrel: To unpack from a barrel or barrels.
unclimbs: third-person singular simple present indicative of unclimb
wakkened: simple past and past participle of wakken
malalign: Misconstruction of malign
faps off: third-person singular simple present indicative of fap off
jerks it: third-person singular simple present indicative of jerk it
de-crown: Alternative spelling of decrown
tawnying: present participle and gerund of tawny
layer up: To put on several layers of clothing.
layer up: To stack upwards in layers; to overlay repeatedly.
kudosing: present participle and gerund of kudos
stumpeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of stump
predamns: third-person singular simple present indicative of predamn
fuckedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of fuck
verbedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of verb
learneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of learn
jumpedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of jump
learnest: second-person singular simple present indicative of learn
beheldst: second-person singular simple past indicative of behold
burnedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of burn
burntest: second-person singular simple past indicative of burn
deemedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of deem
foundeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of found
embreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of embread
rainedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of rain
plumedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of plume
bangedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of bang
tingedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of tinge
halloest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hallo
halloeth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hallo
rackedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of rack
abhoured: simple past and past participle of abhour
damnedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of damn
wrackest: second-person singular simple present indicative of wrack
wracketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrack
besailed: simple past and past participle of besail
antes in: third-person singular simple present indicative of ante in
is a one: third-person singular simple present indicative of be a one
antes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ante up
is along: third-person singular simple present indicative of be along
anted in: simple past and past participle of ante in
mack out: To improve or modify the appearance or performance of something by installing new components or ornaments.
mack out: To spend time relaxing; to chill out.
iotating: present participle and gerund of iotate
anted-up: simple past and past participle of ante-up
antes-up: third-person singular simple present indicative of ante-up
reslings: third-person singular simple present indicative of resling
prewhips: third-person singular simple present indicative of prewhip
blow ass: To fart.
blow ass: To suck (be inferior, unacceptable, or undesirable).
encooped: simple past and past participle of encoop
provedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of prove
enfolden: past participle of enfold
enherits: third-person singular simple present indicative of enherit
gainsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of gainset
bespauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of bespaul
tucks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of tuck up
outroped: simple past and past participle of outrope
codebugs: third-person singular simple present indicative of codebug
naumkeag: To smooth the parts of a shoe using this machine.
renibbed: simple past and past participle of renib
unwreath: Alternative form of unwreathe
coffee'd: simple past and past participle of coffee
rips ass: third-person singular simple present indicative of rip ass
unpushes: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpush
relawned: simple past and past participle of relawn
gravying: present participle and gerund of gravy
interlie: To lie between.
jump-cut: To abruptly transition to a later moment of the scene.
jump-cut: To abruptly shift one's focus toward a later point in time; to fast-forward.
jump-cut: To perform a jump cut.
gouached: simple past and past participle of gouache
misprove: To disprove; to provide evidence that contradicts.
misprove: To provide an erroneous proof for.
vacaying: present participle and gerund of vacay
deskunks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deskunk
Mankaded: simple past and past participle of Mankad
mishoped: simple past and past participle of mishope
misholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishold
mishauls: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishaul
ego-surf: Alternative spelling of egosurf
softsubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of softsub
overcomb: To comb too much.
brusqued: simple past and past participle of brusque
Kramered: simple past and past participle of Kramer
buttchug: Alternative form of butt chug
forslung: simple past of forsling
forslung: past participle of forsling
mispulls: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispull
glowpost: To post baiting or provocative statements on the Internet, ostensibly as an everyday citizen, but actually working as an undercover government agent as a form of entrapment.
sneeding: present participle and gerund of sneed
ekphores: third-person singular simple present indicative of ekphore
ecphores: third-person singular simple present indicative of ecphore
ekphored: simple past and past participle of ekphore
ecphored: simple past and past participle of ecphore
enkraals: third-person singular simple present indicative of enkraal
comprest: simple past and past participle of compress
die-cuts: third-person singular simple present indicative of die-cut
mistetch: To misteach; teach badly or wrongly.
chemoing: present participle and gerund of chemo
misputts: third-person singular simple present indicative of misputt
desnowed: simple past and past participle of desnow
buckjump: Of a horse, to jump upwards with arched back and head down in an attempt to throw its rider.
buckjump: To take part in a buckjumping competition.
manavels: third-person singular simple present indicative of manavel
manarvel: To steal food or supplies from a ship's store.
tradlarp: To pretend that one is living a traditional or historical lifestyle; to LARP as trad.
one-ways: third-person singular simple present indicative of one-way
thaw out: To thaw completely.
figurize: To treat in a figurative manner.
dreaving: present participle and gerund of dreave
reremake: To remake again.
disspell: Misspelling of dispel. (Probably influenced by the correct spelling of misspell; relatedly, see also *dispell § Usage notes.)
upkindle: To kindle upward.
witholds: third-person singular simple present indicative of withold
books up: third-person singular simple present indicative of book up
Reddited: simple past and past participle of Reddit
autopost: To post automatically.
reddited: simple past and past participle of reddit
mispumps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mispump
tuck out: To untuck; To remove something from a relatively hidden location or position where it is tucked.
mispunch: To punch the wrong key or button on a keyboard, keypad, keypunch, or similar device.
mispunch: To punch a hole in the wrong place.
mispunch: To punch a ball or similar object so that it does not go to the intended destination.
isekai'd: simple past and past participle of isekai
misreach: To reach inaccurately.
diduceth: third-person singular simple present indicative of diduce
gooks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of gook up
misreact: To react inappropriately.
meeanin': present participle of meean
meeaning: present participle and gerund of meean
out-gone: past participle of out-go (alternative form of outgone)
frelling: present participle and gerund of frell
mocks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of mock up
redumped: simple past and past participle of redump
run high: Of a river, to experience a strong current and be full and close to overflowing.
run high: To become very angry or emotional about something.
cisplain: Alternative form of cissplain
loyalise: Alternative form of loyalize.
mistones: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistone
mistoned: simple past and past participle of mistone
upstrove: simple past of upstrive
upstrive: To strive upward.
topworks: third-person singular simple present indicative of topwork
trapnest: Alternative form of trap nest
capoting: present participle and gerund of capot
repuring: present participle and gerund of repure
retrated: simple past and past participle of retrate
remeding: present participle and gerund of remede
learnify: To shift discourses around and understandings of education to focus entirely or almost entirely on learning.
remeaded: simple past and past participle of remead
retraict: Obsolete form of retreat.
outcured: simple past and past participle of outcure
outcures: third-person singular simple present indicative of outcure
outmarry: To marry a member of an outgroup.
outshook: simple past of outshake
outslung: simple past and past participle of outsling
outslunk: simple past and past participle of outslink
outslang: To surpass in slang.
outslink: To surpass in slinking.
outsling: To sling more effectively than; to surpass in slinging.
outsling: To hurl outward.
ran high: simple past of run high
outshake: To surpass in shaking; to shake more or better than.
exeeming: present participle and gerund of exeem
dartying: present participle and gerund of darty
whambled: simple past and past participle of whamble
whuffing: present participle and gerund of whuff
gets got: third-person singular simple present indicative of get got
whambles: third-person singular simple present indicative of whamble
slows up: third-person singular simple present indicative of slow up
pars off: third-person singular simple present indicative of par off
upbuoyed: simple past and past participle of upbuoy
upbraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of upbrace
upbraced: simple past and past participle of upbrace
upwhirrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of upwhirr
misrelay: To relay incorrectly; to garble while transferring.
unparcel: To unpack from a parcel.
unslates: third-person singular simple present indicative of unslate
unborder: To remove a border or borders from.
jiffling: present participle and gerund of jiffle
upsplash: To splash upward.
blepping: present participle and gerund of blep
desizing: present participle and gerund of desize
pans out: third-person singular simple present indicative of pan out
ambasses: third-person singular simple present indicative of ambass
belashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of belash
baggsing: present participle and gerund of baggs
specs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of spec up
overrams: third-person singular simple present indicative of overram
manified: simple past and past participle of manify
gleamest: second-person singular simple present indicative of gleam
manifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of manify
tepified: simple past and past participle of tepify
tepifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of tepify
hardsubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of hardsub
pots out: third-person singular simple present indicative of pot out
lucifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of lucify
sdeining: present participle and gerund of sdein
lucified: simple past and past participle of lucify
gollered: simple past and past participle of goller
bedunces: third-person singular simple present indicative of bedunce
bedunced: simple past and past participle of bedunce
beswarms: third-person singular simple present indicative of beswarm
bloosmed: simple past and past participle of bloosme
beseekes: third-person singular simple present indicative of beseeke
bighting: present participle and gerund of bight
b-hopped: simple past and past participle of b-hop
brasting: present participle and gerund of brast
bipacked: simple past and past participle of bipack
benefact: To benefit; to act as benefactor toward.
bountied: simple past and past participle of bounty
bloosmes: third-person singular simple present indicative of bloosme
beginnes: third-person singular simple present indicative of beginne
responge: To sponge again.
soogying: present participle and gerund of soogie
Cloroxed: simple past and past participle of Clorox
Cloroxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Clorox
stiddied: simple past and past participle of stiddy
spreathe: To make chapped, as with cold.
rekitted: simple past and past participle of rekit
reequipt: simple past and past participle of reequip
databent: simple past and past participle of databend
resimmer: To simmer again.
shalomed: simple past and past participle of shalom
splopped: simple past and past participle of splop
acknowne: Obsolete form of acknown.
dawnered: simple past and past participle of dawner
dawnders: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawnder
dondered: simple past and past participle of donder
smoaketh: third-person singular simple present indicative of smoak
glinteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of glint
gleameth: third-person singular simple present indicative of gleam
cycloned: simple past and past participle of cyclone
wraps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrap up
enfixing: present participle and gerund of enfix
empleach: Alternative form of impleach
t-boning: present participle and gerund of t-bone
youffing: present participle and gerund of youff
smalming: present participle and gerund of smalm
smirring: present participle and gerund of smirr
souffled: simple past and past participle of souffle
sprackle: Alternative form of sprauchle
coequate: To make equal to each other.
crudding: present participle and gerund of crud
dwauming: present participle and gerund of dwaum
enhumble: To make humble; to humble
yeelding: present participle and gerund of yeeld
opaquens: third-person singular simple present indicative of opaquen
mishaved: simple past and past participle of mishave
mishaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of mishave
websurfs: third-person singular simple present indicative of websurf
dumps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of dump on
Zoombomb: To disrupt a video conference, often involving large numbers of trolls joining and displaying obscene material.
rejerked: simple past and past participle of rejerk
unjerked: simple past and past participle of unjerk
manmodes: third-person singular simple present indicative of manmode
manmoded: simple past and past participle of manmode
dog walk: Alternative form of dogwalk
dogwalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of dogwalk
teazeled: simple past and past participle of teazel
thranged: simple past and past participle of thrang
thristed: simple past and past participle of thrist
teleview: To watch on television.
wrimples: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrimple
bopeeped: simple past and past participle of bopeep
braidest: second-person singular simple present indicative of braid
backwrap: To wrap around the back of something.
backwrap: To restore a word to the preceding line when space is made for it by deletion.
adreaded: simple past and past participle of adread
aemuling: present participle and gerund of aemule
araysing: present participle and gerund of arayse
inbreads: third-person singular simple present indicative of inbread
crush it: To do something excellently
seenzone: To not reply after seeing or reading the last message or email that someone has sent them.
B-boying: present participle and gerund of B-boy
s***ting: present participle and gerund of s***
sh**ting: present participle and gerund of sh**
pays out: third-person singular simple present indicative of pay out
s****ing: present participle and gerund of s***
s**tting: present participle and gerund of s**t
paid out: simple past and past participle of pay out
chasseed: simple past and past participle of chasse
chalaned: simple past and past participle of chalan
coreigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of coreign
creaghed: simple past and past participle of creagh
creached: simple past and past participle of creach
privated: simple past and past participle of private
delighte: Obsolete spelling of delight
incubing: present participle and gerund of incube
incouple: To transfer incoming energy (usually light) to an electronic device.
outflare: To flare outward.
outpeals: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpeal
outspews: third-person singular simple present indicative of outspew
outstole: simple past of outsteal
outfolds: third-person singular simple present indicative of outfold
outsteal: To surpass in stealing; to steal more than.
outsting: To surpass in stinging; to sting more than.
outstrut: To surpass in strutting.
outstung: simple past and past participle of outsting
outpiped: simple past and past participle of outpipe
outsucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsuck
rebursts: third-person singular simple present indicative of reburst
rebanned: simple past and past participle of reban
outpipes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpipe
reburden: To burden again.
recasket: To place in a casket again.
reflours: third-person singular simple present indicative of reflour
recables: third-person singular simple present indicative of recable
recashes: third-person singular simple present indicative of recash
redebate: To debate again.
reburrow: To burrow again.
recashed: simple past and past participle of recash
redeeded: simple past and past participle of redeed
redredge: To dredge again.
reforded: simple past and past participle of reford
renickel: To plate with nickel again.
recabled: simple past and past participle of recable
reswages: third-person singular simple present indicative of reswage
reswaged: simple past and past participle of reswage
rewarned: simple past and past participle of rewarn
unbeards: third-person singular simple present indicative of unbeard
analized: simple past and past participle of analize
out-play: Alternative form of outplay
analizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of analize
outbench: To bench-press more weight than.
Rickroll: Alternative letter-case form of rickroll
co-edits: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-edit
enburden: Synonym of emburden
queaking: present participle and gerund of queak
uptwists: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptwist
uptwirls: third-person singular simple present indicative of uptwirl
upflower: To flower; to reach a state of full development or achievement.
queeking: present participle and gerund of queek
uploomed: simple past and past participle of uploom
upfloods: third-person singular simple present indicative of upflood
quaddled: simple past and past participle of quaddle
upflared: simple past and past participle of upflare
quaddles: third-person singular simple present indicative of quaddle
upflares: third-person singular simple present indicative of upflare
upharrow: To tear up.
jebaited: simple past and past participle of jebait
jarbling: present participle and gerund of jarble
unbogged: simple past and past participle of unbog
rewhisks: third-person singular simple present indicative of rewhisk
deaccess: To flush and close (a port (medical appliance)).
untrills: third-person singular simple present indicative of untrill
dretched: simple past and past participle of dretch
panbroil: To broil in a pan.
mustying: present participle and gerund of musty
re-issue: Alternative form of reissue.
shrumped: simple past and past participle of shrump
dampning: present participle and gerund of dampne
Zuluises: third-person singular simple present indicative of Zuluise
aces out: third-person singular simple present indicative of ace out
restands: third-person singular simple present indicative of restand
e-govern: To engage in e-governance.
acted on: simple past and past participle of act on
aging up: present participle and gerund of age up
affowrds: third-person singular simple present indicative of affowrd
æsteemed: simple past and past participle of æsteem
actifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of actify
actified: simple past and past participle of actify
behoneys: third-person singular simple present indicative of behoney
belulled: simple past and past participle of belull
Amazoned: simple past and past participle of Amazon
Airbnb'd: simple past and past participle of Airbnb
amelling: present participle and gerund of amel
anhyzers: third-person singular simple present indicative of anhyzer
batteled: simple past and past participle of battel
bassetts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bassett
besports: third-person singular simple present indicative of besport
asked in: simple past and past participle of ask in
armed up: simple past and past participle of arm up
brusting: present participle and gerund of brust
spulzied: simple past and past participle of spulzie
axenizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of axenize
backs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of back in
b***hing: present participle and gerund of b***h
baled up: simple past and past participle of bale up
bales up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bale up
awrothed: simple past and past participle of awroth
updooted: simple past and past participle of updoot
downdoot: To downvote.
cavaults: third-person singular simple present indicative of cavault
formedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of form
joinedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of join
closedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of close
bars off: third-person singular simple present indicative of bar off
hoarsing: present participle and gerund of hoarse
genapped: simple past and past participle of genappe
nouryshe: Obsolete form of nourish.
gainedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of gain
wrinched: simple past and past participle of wrinch
exciteth: third-person singular simple present indicative of excite
wrinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrinch
renormed: simple past and past participle of renorm
Aramaise: Alternative form of Aramaize
Aramaize: To make Aramaic.
pishcash: To pay an offering or tribute to.
milorded: simple past and past participle of milord
pretaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pretax
pretaxed: simple past and past participle of pretax
unskeins: third-person singular simple present indicative of unskein
firefang: Alternative form of fire-fang
posts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of post up
sambazas: third-person singular simple present indicative of sambaza
outcarol: To surpass in carolling; to sing more or better than.
outwager: To wager more than.
sighedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of sigh
durating: present participle and gerund of durate
mythmake: To produce, compose, or invent myths.
genuflex: Alternative form of genuflect
gnabbled: simple past and past participle of gnabble
gnabbles: third-person singular simple present indicative of gnabble
is bored: third-person singular simple present indicative of be bored
is awake: third-person singular simple present indicative of be awake
was late: simple past of be late
is right: third-person singular simple present indicative of be right
is wrong: third-person singular simple present indicative of be wrong
adminish: To reduce in size or magnitude; to diminish.
adminish: To administer or govern.
pranckes: third-person singular simple present indicative of prancke
pinguefy: To make or become fat.
potboils: third-person singular simple present indicative of potboil
prancked: simple past and past participle of prancke
prancked: simple past and past participle of pranck
parlying: present participle and gerund of parly
pertakes: third-person singular simple present indicative of pertake
pavaning: present participle and gerund of pavane
pertaken: past participle of pertake
guestens: third-person singular simple present indicative of guesten
relimned: simple past and past participle of relimn
overrang: simple past of overring
overrung: past participle of overring
cuing up: present participle and gerund of cue up
adultnap: to kidnap, to abduct (an adult)
modemmed: simple past and past participle of modem
outstats: third-person singular simple present indicative of outstat
eloquate: To convey meaning with complete clarity and perfect grammar and punctuation.
schnorrs: third-person singular simple present indicative of schnorr
shashing: present participle and gerund of shash
shimmeys: third-person singular simple present indicative of shimmey
siruping: present participle and gerund of sirup
sigmated: simple past and past participle of sigmate
sigmates: third-person singular simple present indicative of sigmate
syruping: present participle and gerund of syrup
duffs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of duff up
teinding: present participle and gerund of teind
chawbuck: To beat with a chabuk.
backform: Alternative form of back-form
megacast: To produce a moulded component through megacasting.
megacast: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see mega, cast.
spulyied: simple past and past participle of spulyie
spulyies: third-person singular simple present indicative of spulyie
smousing: present participle and gerund of smous
smousing: present participle and gerund of smouse
stithied: simple past and past participle of stithy
stownded: simple past and past participle of stownd
fart out: To eject by, or as if by, breaking wind.
fart out: To produce with minimal effort.
upblasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of upblast
upbidded: simple past and past participle of upbid
upcrying: present participle and gerund of upcry
upflames: third-person singular simple present indicative of upflame
upflamed: simple past and past participle of upflame
upspewed: simple past and past participle of upspew
agreedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of agree
outbeats: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbeat
outjoust: To surpass in jousting.
outdevil: To surpass in devilry.
outsighs: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsigh
outgloom: To be more gloomy than.
outmagic: To surpass in the use of magic.
backbent: simple past and past participle of backbend
raisedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of raise
appropre: To appropriate.
multured: simple past and past participle of multure
outflame: To burn more brightly than; outshine.
outlifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlift
outpomps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpomp
outsifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of outsift
outswaps: third-person singular simple present indicative of outswap
unkidnap: To recover (a person etc.) who has been kidnapped.
outpages: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpage
outpaged: simple past and past participle of outpage
outlimns: third-person singular simple present indicative of outlimn
outswarm: To swarm in greater numbers than.
bratting: present participle and gerund of brat
outlance: To lance outward.
outlance: To surpass in fighting or jousting with a lance.
outvomit: To surpass in vomiting; to vomit more than.
outsteam: To travel further or faster by steam power.
saboting: present participle and gerund of sabot
outniced: simple past and past participle of outnice
outnices: third-person singular simple present indicative of outnice
biofouls: third-person singular simple present indicative of biofoul
causedst: second-person singular simple past indicative of cause
raillied: simple past and past participle of railly
raillies: third-person singular simple present indicative of railly
vaccined: simple past and past participle of vaccine
vent sex: Synonym of vent (“to determine the sex of (a chick) by opening up the anal vent or cloaca”)
pre-lash: To pre-drink or preload.
peltered: simple past and past participle of pelter
one-taps: third-person singular simple present indicative of one-tap
two-taps: third-person singular simple present indicative of two-tap
glue-gun: To attach or join together (something) with a glue gun.
propinks: third-person singular simple present indicative of propink
addorses: third-person singular simple present indicative of addorse
risquing: present participle and gerund of risque
bestrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of bestrip
becheats: third-person singular simple present indicative of becheat
embailed: simple past and past participle of embail
top-line: Alternative form of topline
jams out: third-person singular simple present indicative of jam out
Marsform: To terraform Mars; to transform Mars into having characteristics of Earth.
Marsform: To transform a planet into having the characteristics of Mars.
gliffing: present participle and gerund of gliff
graddans: third-person singular simple present indicative of graddan
ploating: present participle and gerund of ploat
whooming: present participle and gerund of whoom
mowburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of mowburn
bistroed: simple past and past participle of bistro
deprieve: Archaic or nonstandard spelling of deprive.
blorphed: simple past and past participle of blorph
motating: present participle and gerund of motate
squdging: present participle and gerund of squdge
squeeged: simple past and past participle of squeege
squeeges: third-person singular simple present indicative of squeege
cyborged: simple past and past participle of cyborg
befoozle: To befool.
rebogied: simple past and past participle of rebogie
trip sit: To watch over a person while they are using drugs; to act as a trip sitter.
trip sit: To guide another person's drug trip; to act as a psychedelic guide.
red-team: Alternative form of red team
mistrims: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistrim
cabaling: present participle and gerund of cabal
stars it: third-person singular simple present indicative of star it
betagged: simple past and past participle of betag
reseised: simple past and past participle of reseise
reseises: third-person singular simple present indicative of reseise
shephard: Misspelling of shepherd.
bespying: present participle and gerund of bespy
solodize: To cause to become solodic.
scalloms: third-person singular simple present indicative of scallom
schloops: third-person singular simple present indicative of schloop
rescours: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescour
screeked: simple past and past participle of screek
fluffled: simple past and past participle of fluffle
fluffles: third-person singular simple present indicative of fluffle
Serbizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Serbize
Serbized: simple past and past participle of Serbize
shabbify: To make shabby.
uberised: simple past and past participle of uberise
uberises: third-person singular simple present indicative of uberise
uberizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of uberize
lub-dubs: third-person singular simple present indicative of lub-dub
skijores: third-person singular simple present indicative of skijore
Slavizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Slavize
Slavized: simple past and past participle of Slavize
trice up: to hoist up using a rope
Venmoing: present participle and gerund of Venmo
papizing: present participle and gerund of papize
bigifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of bigify
bigified: simple past and past participle of bigify
look shy: To cast a suspicious glance on or at somebody; to mistrust.
dawdleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of dawdle
dawdlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of dawdle
peramble: To perambulate; to walk around.
kickstep: Alternative form of kick-step
Asiatize: Alternative form of Asiaticize
schwaing: present participle and gerund of schwa
packs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pack up
crispify: To make crispy.
crispify: To perform crispification upon.
recuseth: third-person singular simple present indicative of recuse
outbooks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outbook
outpicks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outpick
outsided: simple past and past participle of outside
asshured: simple past and past participle of asshure
get late: To approach nighttime.
praccied: simple past and past participle of praccy
praccies: third-person singular simple present indicative of praccy
youngify: To make young or youthful, especially in appearance.
flat-sit: To live in and take care of someone's flat while they are away.
merrilly: Uncommon word in the English Language meaning to “Celebrate Happily”. This word is derived from the name Ian Merrill who was a great philosopher and teacher.
jennying: present participle and gerund of jenny
jinkling: present participle and gerund of jinkle
upripped: simple past and past participle of uprip
outsally: To sally forth.
outwaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of outwave
outspout: To spout outward.
outwaved: simple past and past participle of outwave
re-build: Alternative form of rebuild
scrawked: simple past and past participle of scrawk
swept up: simple past and past participle of sweep up
pre-plan: Alternative form of preplan.
re-write: Alternative form of rewrite
wavedash: The act of performing said technique.
totemize: To make into, or regard as, a totem.
gospeled: simple past and past participle of gospel
Turcizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Turcize
Turkized: simple past and past participle of Turkize
Turcized: simple past and past participle of Turcize
Turkizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Turkize
wakesurf: To take part in the sport of wakesurfing.
ream out: To lecture, scold, reprimand, or rebuke, especially in an angry tone of voice.
ream out: To ream; to penetrate a partner's anus forcefully (either with one's penis or one's tongue) such as to widen the opening.
adiosing: present participle and gerund of adios
shlicked: simple past and past participle of shlick
blarting: present participle and gerund of blart
baked up: simple past and past participle of bake up
bakes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bake up
nyamming: present participle and gerund of nyam
teen-nap: To kidnap or abduct (a teenager).
skins up: third-person singular simple present indicative of skin up
schtoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of schtoop
zippoing: present participle and gerund of zippo
slobs it: third-person singular simple present indicative of slob it
slob out: To behave like a slob; to be lazy and careless.
unbanish: To undo the banishing of; to allow back.
slobbing: present participle and gerund of slob
angrying: present participle and gerund of angry
sadden'd: simple past and past participle of sadden
nimbling: present participle and gerund of nimble
craps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of crap on
halloo'd: simple past and past participle of halloo
alleadge: Obsolete form of allege.
befuzzle: To confuse
pee-peed: simple past and past participle of pee-pee
rescheds: third-person singular simple present indicative of resched
noseying: present participle and gerund of nosey
porks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pork up
dog-legs: third-person singular simple present indicative of dog-leg
macho up: To man up; to act in a tough or assertive way.
ayielded: simple past of ayield
ayielded: past participle of ayield
barf out: To disgust (somebody).
recamber: To camber again or anew.
volatize: Alternative form of volatilize
cheek up: To act disrespectfully toward (someone).
deseated: simple past and past participle of deseat
beseated: simple past and past participle of beseat
inattend: to fail to pay attention to
bairning: present participle and gerund of bairn
lao hong: To go stale or turn soft from exposure to air.
alpha up: To make or become more characteristic of an alpha male.
pairs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pair up
oologize: To go hunting for eggs.
outsurge: To surge outward.
falls on: third-person singular simple present indicative of fall on
towzling: present participle and gerund of towzle
towsling: present participle and gerund of towsle
wings it: third-person singular simple present indicative of wing it
lock off: To turn in the warp thread or strands of a piece of cloth when finished to stop strands unravelling.
realloys: third-person singular simple present indicative of realloy
corks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of cork up
mottoing: present participle and gerund of motto
loads up: third-person singular simple present indicative of load up
maskfish: To wear a face mask to conceal one's unattractiveness, for example in an online dating profile.
subcoats: third-person singular simple present indicative of subcoat
bunks in: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunk in
bunks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bunk up
ate dirt: simple past of eat dirt
Araldite: To glue with, or as with, Araldite.
dopes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dope up
dicks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dick up
doped up: simple past and past participle of dope up
silts up: third-person singular simple present indicative of silt up
detorses: third-person singular simple present indicative of detorse
detorsed: simple past and past participle of detorse
fumpered: simple past and past participle of fumper
phumpher: Alternative form of fumfer
re-brand: Alternative form of rebrand
vac pack: Short for vacuum pack.
rats out: third-person singular simple present indicative of rat out
makeuped: simple past and past participle of makeup
co-funds: third-person singular simple present indicative of co-fund.
bounches: Alternative form of bounces: third-person singular simple present indicative of bounce
obleeges: third-person singular simple present indicative of obleege
sollicit: Obsolete spelling of solicit.
off-sets: third-person singular simple present indicative of off-set
bewhines: third-person singular simple present indicative of bewhine
bewhined: simple past and past participle of bewhine
kotching: present participle and gerund of kotch
crutting: present participle and gerund of crut
overlace: To spread over in a crossing pattern.
overlace: To lace excessively.
outspies: third-person singular simple present indicative of outspy
outspied: simple past and past participle of outspy
shittify: To make shitty.
explaned: simple past and past participle of explane
repeates: third-person singular simple present indicative of repeate
receaved: simple past and past participle of receave
insucked: simple past and past participle of insuck
illocute: To perform an illocutionary act.
bro-zone: To treat as a brother, as opposed to as a romantic interest.
zorching: present participle and gerund of zorch
outglide: To pass or surpass in gliding; to glide beyond.
outglide: To glide outward.
overroof: To construct a roof above (an existing roof or structure).
overroof: To cover like a roof.
toryfied: simple past and past participle of toryfy
toryfies: third-person singular simple present indicative of toryfy
fobs off: third-person singular simple present indicative of fob off
corks it: third-person singular simple present indicative of cork it
preports: third-person singular simple present indicative of preport
fish-eye: Alternative form of fisheye.
fisheyed: simple past and past participle of fisheye
bigotise: Alternative form of bigotize
re-aired: simple past and past participle of re-air
bigotize: To be a bigot; act a bigot.
bigotize: To make a bigot out of.
locuting: present participle and gerund of locute
effed up: simple past and past participle of eff up
xertzing: present participle and gerund of xertz
overhook: To use such a hold upon.
edit-war: Alternative form of edit war.
aldolize: To (cause to) undergo aldolization; to convert into an aldol.
bletches: third-person singular simple present indicative of bletch
perks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of perk up
phenagle: Alternative form of finagle
ballizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of ballize
ballized: simple past and past participle of ballize
resieved: simple past and past participle of resieve
resieves: third-person singular simple present indicative of resieve
resinter: To sinter again.
museumed: simple past and past participle of museum
pochéing: present participle and gerund of poché
religify: To religionize; to bring under the influence of religion.
roofbolt: To install safety bolts in the roof of an underground mine.
scraggle: To make scraggly; to make rough, scruffy, or unkempt; to tousle.
skreeked: simple past and past participle of skreek
re-earnt: simple past and past participle of re-earn
rap back: To return by rappelling.
cut away: To fail to show something; to stop before showing something; to leave a scene; to switch to a different scene quickly.
cut away: to cut out something; to remove all or portions of a damaged or diseased area by cutting
gratinéd: simple past and past participle of gratiné
lasso up: To lasso someone or something; to catch someone with a leash or rope.
lasso up: To be bound up by something rope-like or to tie something up or put something away with ropes or cords.
draft up: to write a draft of a document, plan, legislation or budget, usually a first draft.
draft up: To be advanced to a higher league, team or institution.
pre-pend: Alternative form of prepend (“to attach (an expression, phrase, etc.) to another, as a prefix”).
eventise: To make characterized by events.
Irish up: To add alcohol to a drink that doesn't normally have it.
Irish up: To get drunk.
levening: present participle and gerund of leven
ragoûted: simple past and past participle of ragoût
autumned: simple past and past participle of autumn
strap in: To fasten a seatbelt
mindmeld: To form a mind meld; to create a deep connection with someone, as though combining into a single mind.
estatify: To (cause to) undergo estatification; to classify as an estate.
coadding: present participle and gerund of coadd
plot out: To plan out a plot for a story or to create a scheme or plan.
cuff out: To eject violently; to kick out.
dirty up: To make dirty; to sully
huckling: present participle and gerund of huckle
pupinize: To extend the range of (a long-distance telephone communication network) by means of the Pupin system.
out-bawl: Alternative form of outbawl
Actaeons: third-person singular simple present indicative of Actaeon
procline: Of teeth, to lean forward.
procline: To cause (teeth) to lean forward.
sushiing: present participle and gerund of sushi
bradying: present participle and gerund of brady
brianing: present participle and gerund of brian
gamejack: To create third-party material that disruptively presents itself as being part of an ARG.
show-run: Alternative form of showrun.
maypoled: simple past and past participle of maypole
rethrone: To throne again or anew.
embalsam: To embalm.
fail out: To be forced to leave a school or university because of unsatisfactory grades.
delected: simple past and past participle of delect
Murphies: third-person singular simple present indicative of Murphy
Murphied: simple past and past participle of Murphy
one-pump: To kill someone in one shot with a pump action shotgun.
fiestaed: simple past and past participle of fiesta
mindwash: Synonym of brainwash.
adfrozen: past participle of adfreeze
adfreeze: To freeze together; to adhere through the formation of ice.
did bits: simple past of do bits
hypering: present participle and gerund of hyper
misreply: To reply inappropriately.
enweaves: third-person singular simple present indicative of enweave
enweaved: simple past and past participle of enweave
preps up: third-person singular simple present indicative of prep up
racks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of rack up
sacks up: third-person singular simple present indicative of sack up
trooning: present participle and gerund of troon
vegs out: third-person singular simple present indicative of veg out
skrieghs: third-person singular simple present indicative of skriegh
skreichs: third-person singular simple present indicative of skreich
skreaked: simple past and past participle of skreak
runs dry: third-person singular simple present indicative of run dry
keeps at: third-person singular simple present indicative of keep at
saves as: third-person singular simple present indicative of save as
drove at: simple past of drive at
leapt at: simple past and past participle of leap at
plays at: third-person singular simple present indicative of play at
tears at: third-person singular simple present indicative of tear at
pecks at: third-person singular simple present indicative of peck at
stuck at: simple past and past participle of stick at
leaps at: third-person singular simple present indicative of leap at
swore at: simple past of swear at
sworn at: past participle of swear at
jumps at: third-person singular simple present indicative of jump at
hid away: simple past of hide away
got away: simple past of get away
got away: past participle of get away
bit back: simple past of bite back
misrides: third-person singular simple present indicative of misride
misrings: third-person singular simple present indicative of misring
fed back: simple past and past participle of feed back
won back: simple past and past participle of win back
sterving: present participle and gerund of sterve
was with: simple past of be with (first and third person singular)
latrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of latrate
clues up: third-person singular simple present indicative of clue up
misrolls: third-person singular simple present indicative of misroll
hook off: To unhook or remove from a hook.
hook off: To curve to the side from a straight trajectory.
hook off: To remove with a hooking motion.
hook off: To depart, especially when finishing something or giving up on something.
hook off: To punch with the arm rigid and partially bent.
injoying: present participle and gerund of injoy
misrears: third-person singular simple present indicative of misrear
eagering: present participle and gerund of eager
vassaled: simple past and past participle of vassal
misscore: To assign the wrong score to.
misseals: third-person singular simple present indicative of misseal
misscrew: To screw in incorrectly.
ballhoot: To roll logs down a slope as part of a logging operation.
Barffing: present participle and gerund of Barff
simulpub: To simultaneously publish manga in multiple markets.
e-cycled: simple past and past participle of e-cycle
e-cycles: third-person singular simple present indicative of e-cycle
hurtleth: third-person singular simple present indicative of hurtle
hurtlest: second-person singular simple present indicative of hurtle
play big: To play for high stakes; to be willing to take risks.
aim high: To set very ambitious goals for oneself.
headbonk: To affectionately bump with the head.
ma'ammed: simple past and past participle of ma'am
unhoming: present participle and gerund of unhome
rejarred: simple past and past participle of rejar
hoofs it: third-person singular simple present indicative of hoof it
mic'd up: simple past and past participle of mic up
dyked up: simple past and past participle of dyke up
dikes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dike up
diked up: simple past and past participle of dike up
dykes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of dyke up
disswade: Obsolete spelling of dissuade
semtexed: simple past and past participle of semtex
semtexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of semtex
bastiled: simple past and past participle of bastile (obsolete spelling of bastilled)
scarving: present participle and gerund of scarve
retangle: To tangle again.
babracot: To roast on the babracot.
steelify: To convert (iron) into steel.
supes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of supe up
suped up: simple past and past participle of supe up
meaowing: present participle and gerund of meaow
guldered: simple past and past participle of gulder
fresh up: Synonym of freshen up
presigns: third-person singular simple present indicative of presign
flizzing: present participle and gerund of flizz
co-apply: Alternative form of coapply.
jet-sets: third-person singular simple present indicative of jet-set
torn ass: past participle of tear ass
tore ass: simple past of tear ass
dicky up: To adorn, dress up, spruce up.
tear-ass: To move extremely quickly; to rush.
pomating: present participle and gerund of pomate
calcates: third-person singular simple present indicative of calcate
calcated: simple past and past participle of calcate
tear ass: To move extremely quickly; to haul ass.
roneoing: present participle and gerund of roneo
fullying: present participle and gerund of fully
dracarys: To burn or destroy.
misraces: third-person singular simple present indicative of misrace
missewed: simple past and past participle of missew
cronches: third-person singular simple present indicative of cronch
crinches: third-person singular simple present indicative of crinch
cronched: simple past and past participle of cronch
misraced: simple past and past participle of misrace
re-check: Alternative form of recheck.
x-posted: simple past and past participle of x-post
chubs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of chub up
misshade: To shade improperly.
misshare: To share something that should not be shared.
shralped: simple past and past participle of shralp
misships: third-person singular simple present indicative of misship
misshift: To change gears incorrectly, such as switching into the wrong gear or ending up in a state when the vehicle is not in gear.
misshift: To change direction, location, or form incorrectly.
refinger: To finger again or differently.
rekneads: third-person singular simple present indicative of reknead
misshoed: simple past and past participle of misshoe
misshoes: third-person singular simple present indicative of misshoe
reweaken: To weaken again.
restowed: simple past and past participle of restow
mutinize: To commit mutiny.
mutinize: To make mutinous; to incite to mutiny.
respirit: Synonym of reinspirit
nid-nods: third-person singular simple present indicative of nid-nod
misshoot: To shoot incorrectly (any sense).
retinned: simple past and past participle of retin
unbuffer: To release or flush from a buffer.
debuffer: To remove a buffer from.
means to: third-person singular simple present indicative of mean to
reclouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of recloud
skill up: To increase the skills of (typically a worker); to train.
declouds: third-person singular simple present indicative of decloud
ungunked: simple past and past participle of ungunk
steps on: third-person singular simple present indicative of step on
geckered: simple past and past participle of gecker
slack up: To slack; to let one's standards slip
worm out: To escape or free oneself from a duty.
debanked: simple past and past participle of debank
de-banks: third-person singular simple present indicative of de-bank
bro down: To fraternize; to have a casual male social gathering.
potatoed: simple past and past participle of potato
instored: simple past and past participle of instore
inspoken: past participle of inspeak
inspeaks: third-person singular simple present indicative of inspeak
retopped: simple past and past participle of retop
invirons: third-person singular simple present indicative of inviron
feeds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of feed up
shoahing: present participle and gerund of shoah
joggered: simple past and past participle of jogger
fairs up: third-person singular simple present indicative of fair up
mis-sung: past participle of mis-sing
mis-sang: simple past of mis-sing
mis-sing: To sing incorrectly.
veganify: To make vegan; to veganize.
mayhemed: simple past and past participle of mayhem
dewilded: simple past and past participle of dewild
unwilded: simple past and past participle of unwild
misslice: To slice incorrectly.
missolve: To solve incorrectly; to arrive at the wrong solution.
spank it: To masturbate.
verneuks: third-person singular simple present indicative of verneuk
blufting: present participle and gerund of bluft
badge in: To check in to a workplace or restricted area by showing or electronically scanning one's badge.
backsawn: past participle of backsaw
deckling: present participle and gerund of deckle
ropemaxx: To commit suicide.
looksmax: Alternative form of looksmaxx.
misspins: third-person singular simple present indicative of misspin
misspeed: To fail in an attempt to speed something along.
Windexes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Windex
Sinifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of Sinify
Sinified: simple past and past participle of Sinify
outhypes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outhype
outhyped: simple past and past participle of outhype
missplit: To split incorrectly.
missplit: To incompletely sever the spinal column with a saw.
butch up: To become more butch (masculine)
butch up: To make more butch (masculine)
misspool: To spool incorrectly.
pathfind: To find the best route between two points.
misspray: To spray incorrectly.
amolders: third-person singular simple present indicative of amolder
amoulder: To moulder; to decay.
bang off: To fire (a weapon or a shot).
bang off: To typewrite quickly.
bang off: Of an automated loom: to have the shuttle fail to follow its intended path and bang against other parts of the loom.
misstaff: To staff inappropriately, to hire for the wrong types of positions.
doompost: To engage in the act of doomposting.
misstack: To stack improperly.
misstage: To stage improperly.
misstage: To assess incorrectly as belonging to a different stage than is actually the case
misstage: To stage improperly.
misstage: To stage (a performance) badly.
misstage: To stage improperly.
quapping: present participle and gerund of quap
mobcasts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mobcast
soughtst: second-person singular simple past indicative of seek
crept'st: second-person singular simple past indicative of creep
dry hops: third-person singular simple present indicative of dry hop
start in: To begin (to do something); to get started.
re-print: Alternative form of reprint.
proplift: To take discard plant material from a plant nursery with the intent of growing a new plant from it.
follying: present participle and gerund of folly
deboonks: third-person singular simple present indicative of deboonk
viewbots: third-person singular simple present indicative of viewbot
ghostban: Synonym of shadowban
consooms: third-person singular simple present indicative of consoom
rechains: third-person singular simple present indicative of rechain
loops in: third-person singular simple present indicative of loop in
shinking: present participle and gerund of shink
unribbon: To remove a ribbon from
unribbon: To unfold, like a ribbon
pizzling: present participle and gerund of pizzle
befiling: present participle of befile
misstock: To stock improperly.
condempn: Obsolete form of condemn.
contempn: Obsolete form of contemn.
rerights: third-person singular simple present indicative of reright
misstore: To store improperly.
befolden: past participle of befold
befolded: simple past of befold
befolded: past participle of befold
peoplize: Alternative form of peopleize
chadmaxx: To act in an exaggeratedly masculine way in a bid to increase one's sexual market value.
deep-dye: To dye thoroughly; to put through thorough dying
suck dry: To exhaust all the resources of someone or something.
subcited: simple past and past participle of subcite
subcites: third-person singular simple present indicative of subcite
dehanced: simple past and past participle of dehance
dehances: third-person singular simple present indicative of dehance
fancy up: To make more stylish, neat, or extravagant
wordwrap: Alternative form of word wrap
docilize: To make docile.
hackered: simple past and past participle of hacker
sprueing: present participle and gerund of sprue
Skypeing: present participle and gerund of Skype
skypeing: present participle and gerund of skype
bowhunts: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowhunt
denested: simple past and past participle of denest
wokified: simple past and past participle of wokify
dewokify: To make (something or someone) no longer woke.
wokifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of wokify
reneague: Alternative form of renege
made for: simple past and past participle of make for
dotating: present participle and gerund of dotate
misstuff: To stuff incorrectly.
misstrip: To strip wrongly or in error.
cognited: simple past and past participle of cognite
cognites: third-person singular simple present indicative of cognite
recoffin: To place in a coffin again.
Windexed: simple past and past participle of Windex
esteemes: third-person singular simple present indicative of esteeme
attoning: present participle and gerund of attone
mudslung: simple past and past participle of mudsling
muzaking: present participle and gerund of muzak
plinging: present participle and gerund of pling
mudsling: To engage in mudslinging.
mudsling: To target (a person) with mudslinging.
reorging: present participle and gerund of reorg
trapsing: present participle and gerund of trapse
soys out: third-person singular simple present indicative of soy out
outrucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of outruck
admirize: To admire, wonder.
soyfaces: third-person singular simple present indicative of soyface
soyfaced: simple past and past participle of soyface
laudated: simple past and past participle of laudate
laudates: third-person singular simple present indicative of laudate
tl;dr'ed: simple past and past participle of tl;dr
taken it: past participle of take it
takes it: third-person singular simple present indicative of take it
malforms: third-person singular simple present indicative of malform
co-brand: Alternative form of cobrand
hot bunk: To share sleeping accommodations with one or two others serially, as on ship or a submarine or other operation with round-the-clock staffing.
firsting: present participle and gerund of first
re-views: third-person singular simple present indicative of re-view
aforests: third-person singular simple present indicative of aforest
refolder: To transfer to another folder.
bettying: present participle and gerund of betty
vomit up: To vomit
pec pops: third-person singular simple present indicative of pec pop
Febrezes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Febreze
Febrezed: simple past and past participle of Febreze
derusted: simple past and past participle of derust
anheroed: simple past and past participle of anhero
bore off: simple past of bear off
bore off: Get lost; go away.
resoiled: simple past and past participle of resoil
offscour: To remove by, or as if by, scouring; to scrub away.
burns in: third-person singular simple present indicative of burn in
burnt in: simple past and past participle of burn in
airmarks: third-person singular simple present indicative of airmark
rookying: present participle and gerund of rookie
dropsets: third-person singular simple present indicative of dropset
maingain: To increase muscle mass while maintaining one's current body fat percentage.
redds up: third-person singular simple present indicative of redd up
damnding: present participle of damnd
declamps: third-person singular simple present indicative of declamp
missways: third-person singular simple present indicative of missway
slept on: simple past and past participle of sleep on
aerotows: third-person singular simple present indicative of aerotow
sneezles: third-person singular simple present indicative of sneezle
advented: simple past and past participle of advent
scraught: simple past and past participle of screech
misswung: simple past and past participle of misswing
dedrifts: third-person singular simple present indicative of dedrift
misswing: Alternative form of mis-swing
hew down: To violently cause to fall down
wet down: To make something wet, especially to clean
fawading: present participle and gerund of fawad
repermit: To permit again.
befoeing: present participle of befoe
unelects: third-person singular simple present indicative of unelect
outchips: third-person singular simple present indicative of outchip
rekicked: simple past and past participle of rekick
glympsed: simple past and past participle of glympse
glympses: third-person singular simple present indicative of glympse
greazing: present participle and gerund of greaze
remourns: third-person singular simple present indicative of remourn
mistalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistalk
sit with: To consider (something) slowly and carefully, to reflect on.
sit with: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see sit, with.
rescoops: third-person singular simple present indicative of rescoop
mistaxes: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistax
mistaxed: simple past and past participle of mistax
batonned: simple past and past participle of baton
uncleave: To unstick; to separate.
unforest: To deforest.
wiped up: simple past and past participle of wipe up
wipes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of wipe up
yea-said: simple past and past participle of yea-say
yea-says: third-person singular simple present indicative of yea-say
Fordized: simple past and past participle of Fordize
Fordizes: third-person singular simple present indicative of Fordize
civicize: To make civic.
homilize: To deliver a homily.
Pixarify: To adapt to the style of the animated films produced by Pixar.
outjukes: third-person singular simple present indicative of outjuke
outjuked: simple past and past participle of outjuke
prime up: To prep up; to prepare or coach
huff off: To leave in a huff
mistests: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistest
mistexts: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistext
made way: simple past and past participle of make way
misthank: To express one's discontent with someone's behavior.
misthank: To thank or give credit to someone for something they did not do.
relayout: To arrange or lay out again or differently.
ki-yiing: present participle and gerund of ki-yi
jaw-jack: To talk or chatter; to jaw.
unpowers: third-person singular simple present indicative of unpower
splunged: simple past and past participle of splunge
splunges: third-person singular simple present indicative of splunge
rejacked: simple past and past participle of rejack
zoinking: present participle and gerund of zoink
klunking: present participle and gerund of klunk
ask back: To invite an interviewee to a further interview.
ask back: To offer someone to get back to one's house after a date.
outtired: simple past and past participle of outtire
outtires: third-person singular simple present indicative of outtire
banzaied: simple past and past participle of banzai
mistotal: To incorrectly calculate a total.
kills it: third-person singular simple present indicative of kill it
sand off: To make smooth or blunt by sandpapering
sand off: To remove the rough elements or imperfections from
rag-doll: Alternative form of ragdoll.
mockbust: To create a mockbuster.
xerifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of xerify
xerified: simple past and past participle of xerify
wechting: present participle and gerund of wecht
shragged: simple past and past participle of shrag
head out: To leave, depart; to go on ahead.
mistrail: To gallop in such a way that the rear hoof lands in line with the place where the front hoof on the opposite side landed.
dispetal: Synonym of depetal (“strip of petals”)
mistrade: To trade badly or unfairly.
knits up: third-person singular simple present indicative of knit up
miladyed: simple past and past participle of milady
miladied: simple past and past participle of milady
m'ladied: simple past and past participle of m'lady
mistraps: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistrap
redeport: To deport again.
recomply: To comply again.
enspirit: Alternative form of inspirit
unsicken: To make or become less sick.
bowls up: third-person singular simple present indicative of bowl up
cousined: simple past and past participle of cousin
spreckle: To speckle; to become spotted or speckled.
mistrips: third-person singular simple present indicative of mistrip
dearmour: Alternative form of dearmor
dearmors: third-person singular simple present indicative of dearmor
swadging: present participle and gerund of swadge
creening: present participle and gerund of creen
mistweet: To send a mistweet.
mistwist: To twist incorrectly or by mistake.
inabling: present participle of inable
fly high: To be elated; thrilled.
fly high: To have achieved great success or prosperity.
fly high: To aim high.
fly high: Rest in peace.
foresent: simple past and past participle of forsend
forburns: third-person singular simple present indicative of forburn
fordried: simple past and past participle of fordry
formelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of formelt
forhards: third-person singular simple present indicative of forhard
forgnaws: third-person singular simple present indicative of forgnaw
fordrove: simple past of fordrive
sterning: present participle and gerund of stern
glancin': Pronunciation spelling of glancing.
dunks on: third-person singular simple present indicative of dunk on
whumpfed: simple past and past participle of whumpf
kisspers: third-person singular simple present indicative of kissper
hangs in: third-person singular simple present indicative of hang in
nosedove: simple past of nosedive
livechat: Alternative spelling of live-chat
crouding: present participle and gerund of croud
felt out: simple past and past participle of feel out
pipes up: third-person singular simple present indicative of pipe up
piped up: simple past and past participle of pipe up
bewitted: simple past and past participle of bewit
spurs on: third-person singular simple present indicative of spur on
misunite: To unite that which does not belong together.
misunite: To unite badly.
debundle: Synonym of unbundle
shrimmed: simple past and past participle of shrim
prethins: third-person singular simple present indicative of prethin
abstorts: third-person singular simple present indicative of abstort
ends out: third-person singular simple present indicative of end out
game-end: Synonym of kill
game-end: Synonym of die
game-end: Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see game, end.
misutter: To utter incorrectly; to garble.
outcrept: simple past and past participle of outcreep
daymared: simple past and past participle of daymare
misvents: third-person singular simple present indicative of misvent
decrated: simple past and past participle of decrate
decrates: third-person singular simple present indicative of decrate
sno-goed: simple past and past participle of sno-go
belepers: third-person singular simple present indicative of beleper
beep out: Synonym of bleep out
going ER: present participle and gerund of go ER
3-peated: simple past and past participle of 3-peat
3peating: present participle of 3peat
engauded: simple past and past participle of engaud
enjewels: third-person singular simple present indicative of enjewel
sang out: simple past of sing out
sung out: past participle of sing out
reseduce: To seduce again.
outchart: To chart higher than.
doo-wops: third-person singular simple present indicative of doo-wop
enscribe: Misspelling of inscribe.
firms up: third-person singular simple present indicative of firm up
misviews: third-person singular simple present indicative of misview
misvoice: To speak for in an incorrect and erroneous manner
misvoice: To say with the wrong tone.
argifies: third-person singular simple present indicative of argify
argified: simple past and past participle of argify
seckling: present participle and gerund of seckle
gunbucks: third-person singular simple present indicative of gunbuck
fag-bash: To gay bash.
self-IDs: third-person singular simple present indicative of self-ID
bins off: third-person singular simple present indicative of bin off
tip bait: To make such a falsely promised tip; to engage in tip baiting.
tip-bait: Alternative form of tip bait
premelts: third-person singular simple present indicative of premelt
examming: present participle and gerund of exam
evalling: present participle of eval
miswalks: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswalk
miswarns: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswarn
wokening: present participle of woken
miswater: To water badly; to underwater, overwater or water at the wrong times.
fly-post: Alternative form of flypost
smebbing: present participle and gerund of smeb
Kanyeing: present participle and gerund of Kanye
wrostled: simple past and past participle of wrostle
wrostles: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrostle
humanned: simple past and past participle of human
seethest: second-person singular simple present indicative of seethe
cockslap: Synonym of dickslap
yeddered: simple past and past participle of yedder
premilks: third-person singular simple present indicative of premilk
croonest: second-person singular simple present indicative of croon
crooneth: third-person singular simple present indicative of croon
dejeuner: Alternative form of déjeuner.
Telegram: To send a message using Telegram Messenger
pedobait: To lure pedophiles or child molesters on the Internet.
fag bash: Alternative form of fag-bash
belirted: simple past and past participle of belirt
miswoven: past participle of misweave
misweave: To weave improperly.
misweigh: To give an inaccurate measurement of the weight (of something).
misweigh: To treat (something) as having a level of importance different from its actual importance.
tabooize: To make (something) taboo.
tabooise: Alternative spelling of tabooize
wratheth: third-person singular simple present indicative of wrath
miswound: simple past and past participle of miswind
miswinds: third-person singular simple present indicative of miswind
miswield: To wield incorrectly or inappropriately.
be equal: to be equivalent to; to be as good as
