bpd: Initialism of barrels per day.
aam: A Dutch and German measure of liquids, used in England for Rhine wine, varying in different cities, being in Amsterdam about 41 wine gallons, in Antwerp 36½, and in Hamburg 38¼.
abb: A type of yarn for the warp.
abb: A rough wool from the inferior parts of the fleece, used for the woof or weft.
abb: A filling pick used in weaving.
GDP: Initialism of gross domestic product.
GDP: Initialism of guanosine diphosphate, a nucleotide.
ppl: Abbreviation of participle.
bbl: Abbreviation of barrel, as:
bbl: Volumes of crude oil pumped, stored, or sold (in bulk).
bbl: Abbreviation of barrel, as:
bbl: Numbers of barrels (casks) transported or sold, or the volume that they represent.
bbl: Abbreviation of barrel, as:
bbl: Numbers of venturis in carburetion.
DBE: Initialism of disadvantaged business enterprise.
KBE: Initialism of knowledge-based engineering.
KBE: Initialism of knowledge-based economy.
MBE: Initialism of Member of the Order of the British Empire, a British honour originally intended for non-combatants in World War One.
MBE: Initialism of molecular-beam epitaxy.
MBE: Initialism of Master of Bioscience Enterprise.
MBE: Initialism of management by exception.
LDP: Initialism of limited driving privilege.
FTP: Initialism of Future Time Perspective (a scale developed by Carstensen and Frieder Lang)
CBE: Component Boolean Expression
CBE: Calculated Best Estimate
CBE: Command Budget Estimate
CBE: Common Base Event
CBE: Calgary Board of Education
OBE: Initialism of Officer of the Order of the British Empire.
OBE: Initialism of operating-basis earthquake.
OBE: Initialism of out-of-body experience.
OBE: Initialism of outcome-based education.
OBE: Initialism of one big explanation.
OBE: Initialism of out-of-buggy experience.
IRC: Initialism of international reply coupon.
OCR: Initialism of optical character recognition (the technology or principle).
OCR: Initialism of optical character reader (the scanning device).
OCR: Abbreviation of obstacle course racing.
OCR: Abbreviation of obstacle course race.
OCR: Initialism of one coat render.
FAC: Initialism of Forward Air Control.
FAC: Initialism of flow-accelerated corrosion.
FAC: Initialism of flow-assisted corrosion.
FAC: Initialism of Fellow of the Atlantic Council.
FAC: Initialism of Fatal accident control.
kun: In the Japanese language, the pronunciation, or reading, of a kanji character as a native Japanese word that means what the character represents, contrasted with on.
FAQ: A list of questions said to be frequently asked, and their answers.
GUI: Initialism of graphical user interface.
CIA: Initialism of Circuit Interactive Analyzer.
CIA: Initialism of Concept Illustration and Animation.
CIA: Initialism of Cultural Impact Assessment.
KGB: Initialism of known good board.
FBI: Fixed-bit index.
FBI: Female body inspector.
PVA: Initialism of patterned vertical alignment.
PVA: Initialism of polyvinyl acetate.
PVA: Initialism of polyvinyl alcohol.
lol: Alternative letter-case form of LOL
odd: Something left over, not forming part of a set.
odd: An odd number.
DOD: Initialism of date of death.
DOD: Initialism of displacement-on-demand (a type of engine that can shut down cylinders when not needed).
DOD: Initialism of drop-on-demand.
DOD: Initialism of definition of done.
DOD: Initialism of department of defense.
SpA: Abbreviation of spondyloarthritis.
DOS: Initialism of date of service.
DOS: Initialism of date of separation.
DOS: Initialism of denial of service.
DOS: Initialism of density of states.
DOS: Initialism of director of studies.
IME: Initialism of input method editor.
een: evening.
BBC: Initialism of British-born Chinese.
BBC: Abbreviation of bromobenzyl cyanide.
BBC: Initialism of big black cock.
pie: A type of pastry that consists of an outer crust and a filling.
pie: Any of various other, non-pastry dishes that maintain the general concept of a shell with a filling.
pie: A pizza.
pie: A paper plate covered in cream, shaving foam or custard that is thrown or rubbed in someone’s face for comical purposes, to raise money for charity, or as a form of political protest; a custard pie; a cream pie.
pie: The whole of a wealth or resource, to be divided in parts.
pie: An especially badly bowled ball.
pie: A pie chart.
pie: The vulva.
pie: Magpie.
pie: The smallest unit of currency in South Asia, equivalent to ¹⁄₁₉₂ of a rupee or ¹⁄₁₂ of an anna.
pie: Ellipsis of pie-dog: an Indian breed, a stray dog in Indian contexts.
pie: A traditional Spanish unit of length, equivalent to about 27.9 cm.
pie: Alternative form of pi (“metal type that has been spilled, mixed together, or disordered”)
LED: Initialism of light-emitting diode.
het: A heterosexual person.
het: Fan fiction based on celebrities or fictional characters involved in an opposite-sex romantic and/or sexual relationship.
het: heterozygote
het: Alternative form of heth (“Semitic letter”)
may: The hawthorn bush or its blossoms.
may: A maiden.
OMC: A male original character.
RAM: Acronym of random-access memory.
RAM: Acronym of random-access machine.
RAM: Acronym of relative atomic mass. (sometimes styled r.a.m.)
RAM: Acronym of responsibility assignment matrix.
RAM: Acronym of reliability availability maintainability.
RAM: Acronym of radar-absorbent material, a material which absorbs radar.
UPC: Initialism of Unified Patent Court.
UPC: Initialism of Universal Product Code.
BSS: Initialism of base station subsystem.
BSS: Initialism of business support system.
GSM: Initialism of gender or sexual minority. (Compare GSRM.)
GSM: Initialism of grenache, Shiraz (Syrah), Mourvèdre: a kind of blended red wine.
FSK: Initialism of frequency-shift keying.
PCS: Initialism of personal communication system.
PCS: Initialism of permanent change of station.
PCS: Initialism of project control system
CLL: Initialism of command line language.
CLL: Initialism of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
SIM: acronym of simulation.
SIM: acronym of social influence marketing.
SIM: acronym of Subscriber Identity Module.
SIM: acronym of scanning ion microscope.
SIM: acronym of search of the index map.
SIM: Initialism of security information management.
ROI: Initialism of return on investment.
ROI: Initialism of region of interest (in digital images, microscopy: in 3-dim-specimen reconstructions by consecutive sectioning).
ROI: Initialism of region of interest.
ROI: Initialism of radius of influence.
ROI: Initialism of release of information.
DVD: digital video disc or digital versatile disc; an optical disc on which video is recorded in digital format, such as commercially-released movies and other video media.
DVD: Initialism of dissociated vertical deviation.
tao: The art or skill of doing something in harmony with the essential nature of the thing.
tao: Synonym of circuit: various administrative divisions of imperial and early Republican China.
are: An accepted (but deprecated and rarely used) metric unit of area equal to 100 square metres, or a former unit of approximately the same extent. Symbol: a.
SMS: Initialism of Short Message Service. A service to send text messages on a cell phone.
SMS: Initialism of special mint set.
SMS: Initialism of salesman sample.
SMS: Initialism of short man syndrome.
SMS: Initialism of stiff man syndrome.
SMS: Abbreviation of Safety Management System., a system for identifying and managing risk used in the aviation industry.
SMS: SMS — Seiner Majestät Schiff – literally, "His Majesty's Ship" in German;
SMS: SMS — Seiner Majestät Schiff – literally, "His Majesty's Ship" in German;
SMS: A ship prefix for a ship in the navy of the Empire of Germany (usually for the period leading to WWI and WWI)
cod: A small bag or pouch.
cod: A husk or integument; a pod.
cod: The cocoon of a silkworm.
cod: The scrotum (also in plural).
cod: A pillow or cushion.
cod: The Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua.
cod: The sea fish of the genus Gadus generally, as inclusive of the Pacific cod (Gadus macrocephalus) and Greenland cod (Gadus ogac or Gadus macrocephalus ogac).
cod: The sea fish of the family Gadidae which are sold as "cod", as haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus) and whiting (usually Merlangius merlangus).
cod: Other not closely related fish which are similarly important to regional fisheries, as the hapuku and cultus cod.
cod: Other not closely related fish which resemble the Atlantic cod, as the rock cod (Lotella rhacina) and blue cod (Parapercis colias).
cod: The meat of any of the above fish
cod: A joke or an imitation.
cod: A stupid or foolish person.
van: A covered motor vehicle used to carry goods or (normally less than ten) persons, usually roughly cuboid in shape, longer and higher than a car but relatively smaller than a truck/lorry or a bus.
van: An enclosed railway vehicle for transport of goods, such as a boxcar/box van.
van: A light wagon, either covered or open, used by tradesmen and others for the transportation of goods.
van: A large towable vehicle equipped for the repair of structures that cannot easily be moved.
van: Clipping of vanguard.
van: A shovel used in cleansing ore.
van: A fan or other contrivance, such as a sieve, for winnowing grain.
van: A wing with which the air is beaten.
six: A group or set with six elements.
six: The digit or figure 6.
six: Six o'clock.
six: Rear, behind (rear side of something).
six: An event whereby a batsman hits a ball which does not bounce before passing over a boundary in the air, resulting in an award of 6 runs for the batting team.
six: A touchdown.
six: A bathroom or toilet.
six: Small beer sold at six shillings per barrel.
two: The digit/figure 2.
two: A two-dollar bill.
two: A child aged two.
two: A playing card featuring two pips.
two: Two o'clock, either a.m. or p.m.
sky: The atmosphere above a given point, especially as visible from the surface of the Earth as the place where the sun, moon, stars, and clouds are seen.
sky: With a descriptive word: the part of the sky which can be seen from a specific place or at a specific time; its climate, condition, etc.
sky: Usually preceded by the: the abode of God or the gods, angels, the souls of deceased people, etc.; heaven; also, powers emanating from heaven.
sky: Ellipsis of sky blue.
sky: The set of all lightlike lines (or directions) passing through a given point in space-time.
sky: In an art gallery: the upper rows of pictures that cannot easily be seen; also, the place where such pictures are hung.
sky: A cloud.
tax: Money paid to the government other than for transaction-specific goods and services.
tax: A burdensome demand.
tax: A task exacted from one who is under control; a contribution or service, the rendering of which is imposed upon a subject.
tax: charge; censure
day: The time when the Sun is above the horizon and it lights the sky.
day: A period of time roughly equal to the length of daytime and nighttime together.
day: The time taken for the Sun to seem to be in the same place in the sky twice; a solar day.
day: A period of time roughly equal to the length of daytime and nighttime together.
day: The time taken by the Earth to rotate about its axis; a sidereal day.
day: A period of time roughly equal to the length of daytime and nighttime together.
day: A 24-hour period beginning at 6am or sunrise.
day: A period of time between two set times which mark the beginning and the end of day in a calendar, such as from midnight to the following midnight or (Judaism) from nightfall to the following nightfall.
day: The rotational period of a planet.
day: The part of a day period which one spends at one’s job, school, etc.
day: A specified time or period; time, considered with reference to the existence or prominence of a person or thing; age; time; era.
day: A period of contention of a day or less.
cat: An animal of the family Felidae:
cat: A domesticated species (Felis catus) of feline animal, commonly kept as a house pet.
cat: An animal of the family Felidae:
cat: Any similar animal of the family Felidae, which includes lions, tigers, bobcats, leopards, cougars, cheetahs, caracals, lynxes, and other such non-domesticated species.
cat: An animal of the family Felidae:
cat: An animal of the family Felidae
cat: The meat of this animal, eaten as food.
cat: A person:
cat: A spiteful or angry woman.
cat: A person:
cat: An enthusiast or player of jazz.
cat: A person:
cat: A person (usually male).
cat: A person:
cat: A prostitute.
cat: A strong tackle used to hoist an anchor to the cathead of a ship.
cat: Short for cat-o'-nine-tails.
cat: A sturdy merchant sailing vessel (now only in "catboat").
cat: The game of trap ball.
cat: The game of trap ball.
cat: The trap in that game.
cat: The pointed piece of wood that is struck in the game of tipcat.
cat: A vagina, a vulva; the female external genitalia.
cat: A double tripod (for holding a plate, etc.) with six feet, of which three rest on the ground, in whatever position it is placed.
cat: A wheeled shelter, used in the Middle Ages as a siege weapon to allow assailants to approach enemy defences.
cat: A program and command in Unix that reads one or more files and directs their content to the standard output.
cat: A street name of the drug methcathinone.
cat: Abbreviation of catapult.
cat: Abbreviation of catalytic converter.
cat: Abbreviation of catamaran.
cat: Abbreviation of category.
cat: Abbreviation of catfish.
cat: Abbreviation of caterpillar.
cat: Any of a variety of earth-moving machines. (from their manufacturer Caterpillar Inc.)
cat: Abbreviation of caterpillar.
cat: A ground vehicle which uses caterpillar tracks, especially tractors, trucks, minibuses, and snow groomers.
cat: Abbreviation of computed axial tomography. Often used attributively, as in “CAT scan” or “CT scan”.
add: The addition of a song to a station's playlist.
add: An act or instance of adding.
add: An additional enemy that joins a fight after the primary target.
IPO: Initialism of initial public offering.
IPO: Initialism of Intellectual Property Office.
now: The present time.
now: The state of not paying attention to the future or the past.
now: A particular instant in time, as perceived at that instant.
bio: Clipping of biography.
bio: biographical sketch
bio: Clipping of biology.
bio: Clipping of bioscope (“cinema”).
cum: Semen.
cum: Female ejaculatory discharge.
cum: An ejaculation.
cum: Abbreviation of cubic metre.
inc: Abbreviation of increment.
CDC: Initialism of change data capture.
CDC: Initialism of centre for disease control.
CDC: Initialism of chef de cuisine.
war: Organized, large-scale, armed conflict between countries or between national, ethnic, or other sizeable groups, usually but not always involving active engagement of military forces.
war: A particular conflict of this kind.
war: Protracted armed conflict against irregular forces, particularly groups considered terrorists.
war: Any protracted conflict, particularly
war: Campaigns against various social problems.
war: Any protracted conflict, particularly
war: A protracted instance of fierce competition in trade.
war: Any protracted conflict, particularly
war: A prolonged conflict between two groups of organized criminals, usually over organizational or territorial control.
war: Any protracted conflict, particularly
war: An argument between two or more people with opposing opinions on a topic or issue.
war: An assembly of weapons; instruments of war.
war: Armed forces.
war: Any of a family of card games where all cards are dealt at the beginning of play and players attempt to capture them all, typically involving no skill and only serving to kill time.
BOF: Initialism of beginning of file.
BOF: Initialism of birds of a feather (“group of people with common interests”).
BOF: Initialism of best of friends.
EOF: Initialism of end of file.
EOF: Initialism of end of field.
DDT: Abbreviation of dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (“compound originally developed as an insecticide”)
DDT: a move where a wrestler puts another wrestler into a standing front face lock and then falls backwards, driving the recipient's head into the floor.
big: An important or powerful person; a celebrity; a big name.
big: The big leagues, big time.
big: A initiated member of a sorority who acts as a mentor to a new member (the little).
big: The participant in ageplay who acts out the older role.
big: One or more kinds of barley, especially six-rowed barley.
ten: A set or group with ten elements.
ten: An inexact quantity, typically understood to be between 20 and 100.
ten: A card in a given suit with a value of ten.
ten: A denomination of currency, such as a banknote, with a value of ten units.
ten: A perfect specimen, (particularly) a physically attractive person.
ten: A high level of intensity.
ten: The act of rowing ten strokes flat out.
and: In rhythm, the second half of a divided beat.
and: Breath.
and: Sea smoke; steam fog.
LOL: Loyal Orange Lodge, a prefix given to all branches of the Loyal Orange Order. For example, LOL 1 is Portadown branch.
LOL: Little old lady.
UFO: Initialism of unidentified flying object; (loosely) an alien spacecraft.
UFO: An "unfinished object" in knitting or other kinds of craft.
IOC: Initialism of interoffice communication.
IOC: Initialism of initial operating capability.
IOC: Initialism of Italian organized crime.
IOC: Initialism of international oil company.
gag: A device to restrain speech, such as a rag in the mouth secured with tape or a rubber ball threaded onto a cord or strap.
gag: An order or rule forbidding discussion of a case or subject.
gag: Any suppression of freedom of speech.
gag: A joke or other mischievous prank.
gag: a device or trick used to create a practical effect; a gimmick
gag: A convulsion of the upper digestive tract.
gag: A mouthful that makes one retch or choke.
gag: Mycteroperca microlepis, a species of grouper.
bit: A piece of metal placed in a horse's mouth and connected to the reins to direct the animal.
bit: A rotary cutting tool fitted to a drill, used to bore holes.
bit: A coin of a specified value.
bit: A ten-cent piece, dime.
bit: A unit of currency or coin in the Americas worth a fraction of a Spanish dollar; now specifically, an eighth of a US dollar.
bit: In the southern and southwestern states, a small silver coin (such as the real) formerly current; commonly, one worth about 12½ cents; also, the sum of 12½ cents.
bit: A small amount of something.
bit: Specifically, a small amount of time.
bit: Fractions of a second.
bit: A portion of something.
bit: Somewhat; something, but not very great; also used like jot and whit to express the smallest degree. See also a bit.
bit: A prison sentence, especially a short one.
bit: An excerpt of material making up part of a show, comedy routine, etc.
bit: A gag or put-on; a humorous conceit, especially when insistently presented as true.
bit: Short for bit part.
bit: The part of a key which enters the lock and acts upon the bolt and tumblers.
bit: The cutting iron of a plane.
bit: The bevelled front edge of an axehead along which the cutting edge runs.
bit: A gag of a style similar to a bridle.
bit: A gun.
bit: A binary digit, generally represented as a 1 or 0.
bit: The smallest unit of storage in a digital computer, consisting of a binary digit.
bit: Any datum that may take on one of exactly two values.
bit: A unit of measure for information entropy.
bit: A microbitcoin, or a millionth of a bitcoin (0.000001 BTC).
HIV: Initialism of human immunodeficiency virus.
HIV: Initialism of header isolation valve.
HIV: Initialism of helium isolation valve.
HIV: Initialism of hydraulic isolation valve.
one: The digit or figure 1.
one: Used to briefly refer to a noun phrase understood by context
one: A one-dollar bill.
one: Used to briefly refer to a noun phrase understood by context
one: One o'clock, either a.m. or p.m.
one: Used to briefly refer to a noun phrase understood by context
one: One run scored by hitting the ball and running between the wickets; a single.
one: Used to briefly refer to a noun phrase understood by context
one: A joke or amusing anecdote.
one: A person (having some specified characteristic or attribute).
one: A particularly special or compatible person or thing.
one: (euphemistic or derogatory) A gay person.
one: The identity element with respect to multiplication in a ring.
one: Used instead of ! to amplify an exclamation, parodying unskilled typists who forget to press the shift key while typing exclamation points, thus typing "1".
but: An instance of using the word "but"; an objection or caveat.
but: The outer room of a small two-room cottage.
but: A limit; a boundary.
but: The end; especially the larger or thicker end, or the blunt, in distinction from the sharp, end; the butt.
ace: A playing card showing a single pip, typically the highest or lowest ranking card in a game.
ace: A die face marked with a single dot, typically representing the number one.
ace: The ball marked with the number 1 in pool and related games.
ace: A dollar bill.
ace: A very small quantity or degree; a particle; an atom; a jot.
ace: A serve won without the opponent hitting the ball.
ace: A point won by a single stroke, as in handball, rackets, etc.
ace: The best pitcher on the team.
ace: A run.
ace: A hole in one.
ace: An expert at something; a maverick, genius; a person of supreme talent.
ace: A military aircraft pilot who is credited with shooting down many enemy aircraft, typically five or more.
ace: A perfect score on a school exam.
ace: Any of various hesperiid butterflies.
ace: A quark.
ace: A person who is asexual.
map: A visual representation of an area, whether real or imaginary, showing the relative positions of places and other features.
map: A graphical or logical representation of any structure or system, showing the positions of or relationships between its components.
map: A function.
map: Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genera Araschnia (especially, Araschnia levana) and Cyrestis, having map-like markings on the wings.
map: The face.
map: An imaginary or fictional area, often predefined and confined, where a game or a session thereof takes place.
map: Synonym of associative array.
say: A chance to speak; the right or power to influence or make a decision.
say: say (countable and uncountable, plural says)#
say: A type of fine cloth similar to serge.
say: Trial by sample; assay; specimen.
say: Tried quality; temper; proof.
say: Essay; trial; attempt.
say: A strainer for milk.
ICQ: A call for acknowledgement.
QED: (Partial) initialism of quantum electrodynamics.
ask: An act or instance of asking.
ask: Something asked or asked for.
ask: An asking price.
ask: A message sent to a blog on social networking platform Tumblr, which can be publicly posted and replied to by the recipient.
ask: An eft; newt.
ask: A lizard.
DNA: Initialism of deoxyribonucleic acid (“a nucleic acid found in all living things (and some non-living things such as certain viruses) which consists of two polynucleotide chains that coil around each other to form a double helix; encoded in its structure are genetic instructions for development, functioning, growth, and reproduction”).
DNA: The part of a living thing that carries genetic information.
DNA: The fundamental nature or values of a person, or an organization or other thing, especially when considered as innate and/or immutable.
elk: Any of various large species of deer such as the red deer, moose or wapiti (see usage notes).
elk: Any of the subspecies of the moose (Alces alces, alternatively named Eurasian elk to avoid confusion with the wapiti), that occurs only in Europe and Asia.
elk: Any of various large species of deer such as the red deer, moose or wapiti (see usage notes).
elk: Any moose (Alces alces), the largest member of the deer family.
elk: Any of various large species of deer such as the red deer, moose or wapiti (see usage notes).
elk: common wapiti (Cervus canadensis), the second largest member of the deer family, once thought to be a subspecies of red deer.
elk: Any of various large species of deer such as the red deer, moose or wapiti (see usage notes).
elk: Sambar (Cervus unicolor).
elk: Alternative form of elke (the common swan (Cygnus cygnus, syn. Cygnus ferus))
buy: Something which is bought; a purchase.
yet: A metal pan or boiler; yetling.
cow: An adult female of the species Bos taurus, especially one that has calved.
cow: Any member of the species Bos taurus regardless of sex or age, including bulls and calves.
cow: Beef: the meat of cattle as food.
cow: Any bovines or bovids generally, including yaks, buffalo, etc.
cow: A female member of other large species of mammal, including the bovines, moose, whales, seals, hippos, rhinos, manatees, and elephants.
cow: A woman considered unpleasant in some way, particularly one considered nasty, stupid, fat, lazy, or difficult.
cow: A chock: a wedge or brake used to stop a machine or car.
cow: A third-year cadet at West Point.
cow: A fish that is very large for its species, such as a large striped bass or large bluefin tuna.
cow: A chimney cowl.
cow: LFBOT: Synonym of luminous fast blue optical transient
uey: A U-turn.
yes: An affirmative expression; an answer that shows agreement or acceptance.
yes: A vote of support or in favor/favour of something.
new: Things that are new.
new: A typically light-coloured lager brewed by the bottom-fermentation method.
new: A naval cadet who has just embarked on training.
win: An individual victory.
win: A feat carried out successfully; a victorious achievement.
win: Gain; profit; income.
win: Wealth; goods owned.
win: Pleasure; joy; delight.
pip: Any of various respiratory diseases in birds, especially infectious coryza.
pip: Of humans, a disease, malaise or depression.
pip: A pippin, seed of any kind.
pip: A pippin, seed of any kind.
pip: A seed inside certain fleshy fruits (compare stone/pit), such as a peach, orange, or apple.
pip: Something or someone excellent, of high quality.
pip: P in RAF phonetic alphabet.
pip: One of the spots or symbols on a playing card, domino, die, etc.
pip: One of the stylised version of the Bath star worn on the shoulder of a uniform to denote rank, e.g. of a soldier or a fireman.
pip: A spot; a speck.
pip: A spot of light or an inverted V indicative of a return of radar waves reflected from an object; a blip.
pip: A piece of rhizome with a dormant shoot of the lily of the valley plant, used for propagation
pip: One of a series of very short, electronically produced tones, used, for example, to count down the final few seconds before a given time or to indicate that a caller using a payphone needs to make further payment to continue the call.
pip: The smallest price increment between two currencies in foreign exchange (forex) trading.
PVC: Initialism of polyvinyl chloride.
PVC: Initialism of premature ventricular contraction.
PVC: Initialism of peripheral venous catheter.
PVC: Initialism of permanent virtual circuit.
POW: Initialism of prisoner of war.
POW: Initialism of place of worship.
POW: Alternative letter-case form of PoW (“proof of work”)
MIA: Initialism of Mutual Improvement Association.
MIA: Initialism of missing-in-action., a service member that did not return from action and was not found in the field
pom: An Englishman; a Briton; a person of British descent.
pom: A cocktail containing pomegranate juice and vodka.
pit: A hole in the ground.
pit: An area at a racetrack used for refueling and repairing the vehicles during a race.
pit: A section of the marching band containing mallet percussion instruments and other large percussion instruments too large to march, such as the tam tam. Also, the area on the sidelines where these instruments are placed.
pit: A mine.
pit: A hole or trench in the ground, excavated according to grid coordinates, so that the provenance of any feature observed and any specimen or artifact revealed may be established by precise measurement.
pit: A trading pit.
pit: Armpit.
pit: A luggage hold.
pit: A small surface hole or depression, a fossa.
pit: The indented mark left by a pustule, as in smallpox.
pit: The grave, underworld or Hell.
pit: An enclosed area into which gamecocks, dogs, and other animals are brought to fight, or where dogs are trained to kill rats.
pit: Formerly, that part of a theatre, on the floor of the house, below the level of the stage and behind the orchestra; now, in England, commonly the part behind the stalls; in the United States, the parquet; also, the occupants of such a part of a theatre.
pit: Part of a casino which typically holds tables for blackjack, craps, roulette, and other games.
pit: Only used in the pits.
pit: A mosh pit.
pit: The center of the line.
pit: The emergency department.
pit: A bed.
pit: An undesirable location, especially an unclean one.
pit: A seed inside a fruit; a stone or pip inside a fruit.
pit: A shell in a drupe containing a seed.
pit: The core of an implosion nuclear weapon, consisting of the fissile material and any neutron reflector or tamper bonded to it.
pit: A pit bull terrier.
yak: An ox-like mammal native to the Himalayas, Mongolia, Burma, and Tibet with dark, long, and silky hair, a horse-like tail, and a full, bushy mane.
yak: A talk, particular an informal talk; chattering; gossip.
yak: A laugh.
yak: Vomit.
yak: A kayak.
yak: cognac.
sun: A star, especially when seen as the centre of any single solar system.
sun: The light and warmth which is received from the sun; sunshine or sunlight.
sun: Something like the sun in brightness or splendor.
sun: Sunrise or sunset.
sun: A revolution of the Earth around the Sun; a year.
sun: A transversing of the sky by the Sun; a day.
sun: The nineteenth trump/major arcana card of the Tarot.
sun: The thirty-first Lenormand card.
sun: A traditional Japanese unit of length, approximately 30.3 millimetres (1.193 inches).
sun: Alternative form of sunn (“the plant”)
TLA: Initialism of three-letter acronym/abbreviation
TLA: Initialism of three-letter agency: the CIA, FBI, NSA, etc.
TLA: Initialism of trilaurylamine.
ass: Any of several species of horse-like animals, especially Equus asinus, the domesticated of which are used as beasts of burden.
ass: A stupid person.
ass: A compositor.
ass: The buttocks.
ass: The anus.
ass: Sex; a person to have sex with; with vulgar emphasis on their corporeality (their body) over their personhood.
ass: Used in similes to express something bad or unpleasant.
ass: A person; the self; (reflexively) oneself or one's person, chiefly their body. By extension, one's personal safety, or figuratively one's job, prospects, etc.
toe: Each of the five digits on the end of the foot.
toe: An equivalent part in an animal.
toe: That part of a shoe or sock covering the toe.
toe: Something resembling a toe, especially at the bottom or extreme end of something.
toe: An advanced form of ballet primarily performed by women, wearing pointe shoes.
toe: An alignment of the wheels of a road vehicle, either positive (toe in), meaning the wheels are closer together at the front than at the back, or negative (toe out), the other way round.
toe: The journal, or pivot, at the lower end of a revolving shaft or spindle, which rests in a step.
toe: A lateral projection at one end, or between the ends, of a piece, such as a rod or bolt, by means of which it is moved.
toe: A projection from the periphery of a revolving piece, acting as a cam to lift another piece.
toe: The long side of an angled cut.
toe: The upper end of the bit (cutting edge) of an axehead; as opposed to the heel (lower end).
toe: cameltoe.
toe: Speed, energy, vigor.
see: a diocese, archdiocese; a region of a church, generally headed by a bishop, especially an archbishop.
see: The office of a bishop or archbishop; bishopric or archbishopric
see: A seat; a site; a place where sovereign power is exercised.
see: Alternative form of cee; the name of the Latin-script letter C.
rue: Sorrow; repentance; regret.
rue: Pity; compassion.
rue: Any of various perennial shrubs of the genus Ruta, especially the herb Ruta graveolens (common rue), formerly used in medicines.
non: A non-Muslim citizen.
her: A female person or animal.
dye: A colourant, especially one that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is applied.
dye: Any hue, color, or blee.
dye: Archaic spelling of die (“a cube used in games of chance”).
ate: An elder sister
ate: A respectful title or form of address for an older woman.
lob: A pass or stroke which arches high into the air.
lob: A lump.
lob: A country bumpkin; a yokel.
lob: A clumsy person.
lob: The person who comes last in a race.
lob: A lob-worm.
lob: A fish, the European pollock.
gas: Matter in an intermediate state between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid, or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly by deposition.
gas: A flammable gaseous hydrocarbon or hydrocarbon mixture used as a fuel, e.g. for cooking, heating, electricity generation or as a fuel in internal combustion engines in vehicles, especially natural gas.
gas: Matter in an intermediate state between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid, or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly by deposition.
gas: Poison gas.
gas: Matter in an intermediate state between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid, or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly by deposition.
gas: A chemical element or compound in such a state.
gas: A hob on a gas cooker.
gas: Methane or other waste gases trapped in one's belly as a result of the digestive process; flatus.
gas: A humorous or entertaining event, person or thing.
gas: Frothy or boastful talk; chatter.
gas: A fastball.
gas: Arterial or venous blood gas.
gas: Gasoline, a light derivative of petroleum used as fuel.
gas: Ellipsis of gas pedal.
gas: An internal virtual currency used in Ethereum to pay for certain operations, such as blockchain transactions.
gas: Marijuana, typically of high quality.
red: Any of a range of colours having the longest wavelengths, 670 nm, of the visible spectrum; a primary additive colour for transmitted light: the colour obtained by subtracting green and blue from white light using magenta and yellow filters; the colour of blood, ripe strawberries, etc.
red: A revolutionary socialist or (most commonly) a Communist; (usually capitalized) a Bolshevik, a supporter of the Bolsheviks in the Russian Civil War.
red: One of the 15 red balls used in snooker, distinguished from the colours.
red: Red wine.
red: Any of several varieties of ale which are brewed with red or kilned malt, giving the beer a red colour.
red: A red kangaroo.
red: A redshank.
red: An American Indian.
red: The drug secobarbital; a capsule of this drug.
red: A red light (a traffic signal)
red: Red lemonade
red: One of the three color charges for quarks.
red: Chili con carne (usually in the phrase "bowl of red").
red: The redfish or red drum, Sciaenops ocellatus, a fish with reddish fins and scales.
red: Tomato ketchup.
can: A more or less cylindrical and often metal container or vessel.
can: A container used to carry and dispense water for plants (a watering can).
can: A chamber pot.
can: A chamber pot.
can: a toilet or lavatory.
can: Buttocks.
can: Jail or prison.
can: Headphones.
can: A drinking cup.
can: A cube-shaped buoy or marker used to denote a port-side lateral mark
can: A chimney pot.
can: An E-meter used in Scientology auditing.
can: An ounce (or sometimes, two ounces) of marijuana.
can: A protective cover for the fuel element in a nuclear reactor.
can: The breasts of a woman.
wax: Beeswax.
wax: Earwax.
wax: Any oily, water-resistant, solid or semisolid substance; normally long-chain hydrocarbons, alcohols or esters.
wax: Any preparation containing wax, used as a polish.
wax: The phonograph record format for music.
wax: A thick syrup made by boiling down the sap of the sugar maple and then cooling it.
wax: A type of drugs with as main ingredients weed oil and butane; hash oil.
wax: The process of growing.
wax: An outburst of anger, a loss of temper, a fit of rage.
ACT: An instance of a certain standardized college admissions test in the United States, originally called the American College Test.
ACT: Acronym of acceptance and commitment therapy.
hut: A small, simple one-storey dwelling or shelter, often with just one room, and generally built of readily available local materials.
hut: A small wooden shed.
hut: A small stack of grain.
ans: Abbreviation of answer.
not: Alternative letter-case form of NOT
SQL: Initialism of Structured Query Language.
SQL: Initialism of standard quantum limit.
age: The whole duration of a being, whether human, animal, plant, or other kind, being alive.
age: The number of full years, months, days, hours, etc., that someone, or something, has been alive.
age: One of the stages of life.
age: The time of life at which some particular power or capacity is understood to become vested.
age: A particular period of time in history, as distinguished from others.
age: A great period in the history of the Earth.
age: One of the twelve divisions of a Great Year, equal to roughly 2000 years and goverened by one of the zodiacal signs; a Platonic month.
age: A period of one hundred years; a century.
age: The people who live during a particular period.
age: A generation.
age: A long time.
age: The shortest geochronologic unit, being a period of thousands to millions of years; a subdivision of an epoch (or sometimes a subepoch).
age: The right of the player to the left of the dealer to pass the first round in betting, and then to come in last or stay out; also, the player holding this position; the eldest hand.
age: That part of the duration of a being or a thing which is between its beginning and any given time; specifically the size of that part.
age: Mature age; especially, the time of life at which one attains full personal rights and capacities.
age: An advanced period of life; the latter part of life; the state of being old, old age, senility; seniority.
sol: In a movable-do or tonic sol-fa system: the fifth step in a scale, preceded by fa and followed by la.
sol: In a fixed-do system: the musical note G.
sol: An old coin from France and some other countries worth 12 deniers.
sol: A former Spanish-American silver coin.
sol: In full nuevo sol or new sol: the main currency unit of Peru which replaced the inti in 1991; also, a coin of this value.
sol: A solar day on the planet Mars (equivalent to 24 hours, 39 minutes, 35 seconds).
sol: A type of colloid in which a solid is dispersed in a liquid.
sol: A solution to an objection (or "ob"), for example, in controversial divinity.
boy: A young male human.
boy: A young male human.
boy: A male child or adolescent, as distinguished from an infant or adult.
boy: A son of any age.
boy: A male human younger than the speaker.
boy: A male of low station, (especially as pejorative) a worthless male, a wretch; a mean and dishonest male, a knave.
boy: A male servant, slave, assistant, or employee
boy: A younger such worker.
boy: A male servant, slave, assistant, or employee
boy: A non-white male servant regardless of age, particularly as a form of address.
boy: A male servant, slave, assistant, or employee
boy: A male camp follower.
boy: A male servant, slave, assistant, or employee
boy: Any non-white male, regardless of age.
boy: A male non-human animal, especially, in affectionate address, a male dog.
boy: A former low rank of various armed services; a holder of this rank.
boy: Heroin.
boy: A male (tree, gene, etc).
die: The cubical part of a pedestal; a plinth.
die: A device for cutting into a specified shape.
die: A device used to cut an external screw thread. (Internal screw threads are cut with a tap.)
die: A mold for forming metal or plastic objects.
die: An embossed device used in stamping coins and medals.
die: Any small cubical or square body.
die: An isohedral polyhedron, usually a cube, with numbers or symbols on each side and used in games of chance.
die: That which is, or might be, determined, by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.
die: Obsolete spelling of dye
bap: A soft bread roll, originally from Scotland.
bap: A woman's breast.
bap: The head.
how: The means by which something is accomplished.
how: An artificial barrow or tumulus; in later folklore, associated with fairies.
how: A small hill in northern England.
bai: A marshy meadow in sub-Saharan Africa.
bai: A people of the Yunnan province of China.
bai: A yellow mist occurring in spring and fall in China and Japan, caused by yellow dust blown from central China.
all: Everything that one is capable of.
all: The totality of one's possessions.
zak: Money.
zak: Sixpence or a small amount of money.
bam: A ned; a bampot.
bam: An imposition; a cheat; a hoax.
bam: Abbreviation of bare-arse minimum.
tan: A light, brown-like colour.
tan: A darkening of the skin resulting from exposure to sunlight or similar light sources.
tan: The bark of an oak or other tree from which tannic acid is obtained.
tan: An Armenian drink made of yoghurt and water similar to airan and doogh
tan: Synonym of picul, particularly in Cantonese contexts.
tan: A twig or small switch.
del: The symbol ∇ used to denote the gradient operator.
del: the symbol ∂, in the context of a partial differential
del: a part, portion
del: Abbreviation of delegate.
del: Abbreviation of delegation.
VOX: Abbreviation of voice operated recording.
VOX: Alternative spelling of VOx
ant: Any of various insects in the family Formicidae in the order Hymenoptera, typically living in large colonies composed almost entirely of flightless females.
ant: A Web spider.
rat: A medium-sized rodent belonging to the genus Rattus.
rat: Any of the numerous members of several rodent families (e.g. voles and mice) that resemble true rats in appearance, usually having a pointy snout, a long, bare tail, and body length greater than about 12 cm, or 5 inches.
rat: A person who is known for betrayal; a scoundrel; a quisling.
rat: An informant or snitch.
rat: A scab: a worker who acts against trade union policies.
rat: A person who routinely spends time at a particular location.
rat: A wad of shed hair used as part of a hairstyle.
rat: A roll of material used to puff out the hair, which is turned over it.
rat: Vagina.
rat: Short for muskrat.
rat: A scratch or a score.
rat: A place in the sea with rapid currents and crags where a ship is likely to be torn apart in stormy weather.
rat: A ration.
bee: A flying insect, of the clade Anthophila within the hymenopteran superfamily Apoidea, known for its organised societies (though only a minority have them), for collecting pollen and (in some species) producing wax and honey.
bee: A contest, especially for spelling; see spelling bee.
bee: A community gathering to share labour, e.g. a sewing bee or a quilting bee.
bee: A ring or torque; a bracelet.
bee: The name of the Latin-script letter B.
bee: Any of the pieces of hard wood bolted to the sides of the bowsprit, to reeve the fore-topmast stays through.
ray: A beam of light or radiation.
ray: A rib-like reinforcement of bone or cartilage in a fish's fin.
ray: One of the spheromeres of a radiate, especially one of the arms of a starfish or an ophiuran.
ray: A radiating part of a flower or plant; the marginal florets of a compound flower, such as an aster or a sunflower; one of the pedicels of an umbel or other circular flower cluster; radius.
ray: Sight; perception; vision; from an old theory of vision, that sight was something which proceeded from the eye to the object seen.
ray: A line extending indefinitely in one direction from a point.
ray: A tiny amount.
ray: A marine fish with a flat body, large wing-like fins, and a whip-like tail.
ray: Array; order; arrangement; dress.
ray: The letter ⟨/⟩, one of two which represent the r sound in Pitman shorthand.
ray: Alternative form of re
tin: A malleable, ductile, metallic element, resistant to corrosion, with atomic number 50 and symbol Sn.
tin: An airtight container, made of tin or another metal, used to preserve food, or hold a liquid or some other product.
tin: A metal pan used for baking, roasting, etc.
tin: The bottom part of the front wall, which is "out" if a player strikes it with the ball.
tin: money, especially silver money.
tin: computer hardware.
air: The substance constituting Earth's atmosphere
air: understood as one of the four elements of the ancient Greeks and Romans.
air: The substance constituting Earth's atmosphere
air: understood as a particular local substance with supposed effects on human health.
air: The substance constituting Earth's atmosphere
air: understood as a gaseous mixture of nitrogen, oxygen, and various trace gases.
air: The substance constituting Earth's atmosphere
air: The apparently open space above the ground which this substance fills, (historical) formerly thought to be limited by the firmament but (meteorology) now considered to be surrounded by the near vacuum of outer space.
air: A breeze; a gentle wind.
air: A feeling or sense.
air: A sense of poise, graciousness, or quality.
air: Pretension; snobbishness; pretence that one is better than others.
air: A song, especially a solo; an aria.
air: Nothing; absence of anything.
air: An air conditioner or the processed air it produces.
air: Any specific gas.
air: A jump in which one becomes airborne.
air: A television or radio signal; (by extension) media broadcasts in general.
air: Publicity.
pen: An enclosure (enclosed area) used to contain domesticated animals, especially sheep or cattle.
pen: Penitentiary, i.e. a state or federal prison for convicted felons.
pen: The bullpen.
pen: A tool, originally made from a feather but now usually a small tubular instrument, containing ink used to write or make marks.
pen: A writer, or their style.
pen: Marks of ink left by a pen.
pen: A light pen.
pen: The internal cartilage skeleton of a squid, shaped like a pen.
pen: A feather, especially one of the flight feathers of a bird, angel etc.
pen: A wing.
pen: A syringe-like device for injecting a dose of medication such as insulin or epinephrine. (See Injector pen.)
pen: Short for vapor pen (“electronic cigarette”).
pen: A female swan.
pen: Penalty.
dub: A blow, thrust, or poke.
dub: A poorly executed shot.
dub: An unskillful, awkward person.
dub: A mostly instrumental remix with all or part of the vocals removed.
dub: A style of reggae music involving mixing of different audio tracks.
dub: A trend in music starting in 2009, in which bass distortion is synced off timing to electronic dance music.
dub: A piece of graffiti in metallic colour with a thick black outline.
dub: The replacement of a voice part in a movie or cartoon, particularly with a translation; an instance of dubbing.
dub: A pool or puddle.
dub: A twenty-dollar sack of marijuana.
dub: A wheel rim measuring 20 inches or more.
dub: A lock.
dub: A key, especially a master key; a lock pick.
dub: Clipping of double-u.
dub: Clipping of double-u.
dub: A win.
dub: A small copper coin once used in India.
PBB: Initialism of polybrominated biphenyl.
PBB: Initialism of passenger boarding bridge.; Synonym of jet bridge
PBB: Initialism of Provider Backbone Bridges.
gun: A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.
gun: A very portable, short firearm, for hand use, which fires bullets or projectiles, such as a handgun, revolver, pistol, or Derringer.
gun: A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.
gun: A less portable, long firearm that fires bullets or projectiles; a rifle, either manual, automatic or semi-automatic; a flintlock, musket or shotgun.
gun: A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.
gun: A cannon with relatively long barrel, operating with relatively low angle of fire, and having a high muzzle velocity.
gun: A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.
gun: A cannon with a 6-inch/155mm minimum nominal bore diameter and tube length 30 calibers or more. See also: howitzer; mortar.
gun: A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.
gun: A firearm or cannon used for saluting or signalling.^(21-gun salute)
gun: A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.
gun: A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.
gun: Any implement designed to fire a projectile from a tube.
gun: A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.
gun: A device or tool that projects a substance.
gun: A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.
gun: A device or tool that applies something rather than projecting it.
gun: A long surfboard designed for surfing big waves (not the same as a longboard, a gun has a pointed nose and is generally a little narrower).
gun: A pattern that "fires" out other patterns.
gun: A person who carries or uses a rifle, shotgun or handgun.
gun: An electron gun.
gun: The biceps.
gun: Violent blasts of wind.
gun: An expert.
gun: Someone excellent, surpassingly wonderful, or cool.
gun: A magsman or street thief.
son: One's male offspring.
son: A male adopted person in relation to his adoptive parents.
son: A male person who has such a close relationship with an older or otherwise more authoritative person that he can be regarded as a son of the other person.
son: A male person considered to have been significantly shaped by social conflict.
son: A person regarded as the product of some place.
son: A familiar address to a male person from an older or otherwise more authoritative person.
son: An informal address to a friend or person of equal authority.
son: The current version of a file, derived from the preceding father file.
son: Son cubano, a genre of music and dance blending Spanish and African elements that originated in Cuba during the late 19th century.
beg: The act of begging; an imploring request.
beg: A provincial governor under the Ottoman Empire; a bey.
beg: Abbreviation of beginning.
CLI: Initialism of command line interface.
CLI: Initialism of command-line interpreter.
Goa: A form of trance music that originated during the late 1980s in Goa, India.
TCO: Initialism of Total Cost of Ownership. (The sum of costs arising when deploying technology, especially hardware and software)
TCO: Initialism of transparent conducting oxide.
haj: Alternative spelling of hajj
ISP: Initialism of interstellar polarization.
ISP: Initialism of internet service provider. (a company that provides Internet access for a fee)
ISP: Initialism of interface segregation principle. (one of the five SOLID principles of programming.)
ISP: Iₛₚ, the specific impulse of a rocket engine
him: A male person or animal.
him: A person of elevated skill at a sport/activity/game.
bot: The larva of a botfly, which infests the skin of various mammals, producing warbles, or the nasal passage of sheep, or the stomach of horses.
bot: A physical robot.
bot: A piece of software designed to perform a minor but repetitive task automatically or on command, especially when operating with the appearance of a (human) user profile or account.
bot: A computer-controlled character in a video game, especially a multiplayer one.
bot: A supremely unskilled player.
bot: A person with no ability to think for themselves.
cry: A shedding of tears; the act of crying.
cry: A shout or scream.
cry: Words shouted or screamed.
cry: A clamour or outcry.
cry: A group of hounds.
cry: A pack or company of people.
cry: A typical sound made by the species in question.
cry: A desperate or urgent request.
cry: Common report; gossip.
who: A person under discussion; a question of which person.
bel: A measure of relative power, defined as log₁₀(P ₁/P ₂), where P₁ and P₂ are the measured and reference power respectively.
bel: Alternative form of bael (“Indian tree”)
ben: A prayer; a petition.
ben: Ben-room: The inner room of a two-room hut or shack (as opposed to the but).
ben: A tree, Moringa oleifera or horseradish tree of Arabia and India, which produces oil of ben.
ben: The winged seed of the ben tree.
ben: The oil of the ben seed.
ben: Son of (used with Hebrew and Arabic surnames).
ben: A Scottish or Irish mountain or high peak.
ben: A benefit (performance to raise funds).
luz: A small bone in the human spinal column, believed in Muslim and Jewish traditions to be the indestructible bone from which the body will be rebuilt at the time of resurrection.
luz: The almond tree
foe: An enemy.
foe: A unit of energy equal to 10⁴⁴ joules.
SAU: Initialism of school administrative unit.
she: A female.
pam: The jack of clubs in loo played with hands of 5 cards.
pam: A card game, similar to napoleon, in which the jack of clubs is the highest trump.
pam: A panorama.
pam: Cooking spray.
pam: Alternative form of palmo (“traditional Spanish and Portuguese units of measure”).
ail: An ailment; trouble; illness.
ail: The awn of barley or other types of corn.
ilk: A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
lam: flight, escape
lam: The twenty-third letter of the Arabic alphabet, ل (l). It is preceded by ك (k) and followed by م (m).
ear: The organ of hearing, consisting of the pinna, auditory canal, eardrum, malleus, incus, stapes and cochlea.
ear: The external part of the organ of hearing, the auricle.
ear: A police informant.
ear: The sense of hearing; the perception of sounds; skill or good taste in listening to music.
ear: The privilege of being kindly heard; favour; attention.
ear: That which resembles in shape or position the ear of an animal; a prominence or projection on an object, usually for support or attachment; a lug; a handle; a foot-rest or step of a spade or a similar digging tool.
ear: An acroterium.
ear: A crossette.
ear: A space to the left or right of a publication's front-page title, used for advertising, weather, etc.
ear: The fruiting body of a grain plant.
ear: Outcroppings and ridges from a baguette surface, where the uncooked dough has been scored.
bad: Something that is bad; a harm or evil.
bad: Error; mistake.
bad: An item (or kind of item) of merchandise with negative value; an unwanted good.
god: A deity or supreme being; a supernatural, typically immortal, being with superior powers, to which personhood is attributed.
god: An idol.
god: A representation of a deity, especially a statue or statuette.
god: An idol.
god: Something or someone particularly revered, worshipped, idealized, admired and/or followed.
god: A person in a very high position of authority, importance or influence; a powerful ruler or tyrant.
god: A person who is exceptionally skilled in a particular activity.
god: An exceedingly handsome man.
god: The person who owns and runs a multi-user dungeon.
dua: Alternative spelling of du'a'
hay: Grass cut and dried for use as animal fodder.
hay: Any mix of green leafy plants used for fodder.
hay: Cannabis; marijuana.
hay: A net set around the haunt of an animal, especially a rabbit.
hay: A hedge.
hay: A net placed around the lair or burrow of an animal.
hay: An enclosure, haw.
hay: A circular country dance.
hay: The letter for the h sound in Pitman shorthand.
ver: Abbreviation of version.
eye: An organ through which animals see (“perceive surroundings via light”).
eye: The visual sense.
eye: The iris of the eye, being of a specified colour.
eye: Attention, notice.
eye: The ability to notice what others might miss.
eye: A meaningful look or stare.
eye: Short for private eye (“a privately hire detective or investigator”).
eye: A hole at the blunt end of a needle through which thread is passed.
eye: The oval hole of an axehead through which the axehandle is fitted.
eye: A fitting consisting of a loop of metal or other material, suitable for receiving a hook or the passage of a cord or line.
eye: A burner on a kitchen stove.
eye: The relatively calm and clear centre of a hurricane or other cyclonic storm.
eye: A mark on an animal, such as a butterfly or peacock, resembling a human eye.
eye: The dark spot on a black-eyed pea.
eye: A reproductive bud in a potato.
eye: The dark brown centre of a black-eyed Susan flower.
eye: A loop forming part of anything, or a hole through anything, to receive a hook, pin, rope, shaft, etc.; for example, at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss, through a crank, at the end of a rope, or through a millstone.
eye: That which resembles the eye in relative beauty or importance.
eye: A shade of colour; a tinge.
eye: One of the holes in certain kinds of cheese.
eye: The circle in the centre of a volute.
eye: The enclosed counter (“negative space”) of the lower-case letter e.
eye: An empty point or group of points surrounded by one player's stones.
eye: Opinion, view.
eye: The name of the Latin-script letter I.
eye: A brood.
fed: A federal government officer or official, especially a FBI, CIA, NSA, ATF, or DEA agent.
fed: A police officer.
fed: The Canadian federal government.
fed: A federation in which powerlifters organize to compete.
axe: A tool for felling trees or chopping wood etc. consisting of a heavy head flattened to a blade on one side, and a handle attached to it.
axe: An ancient weapon consisting of a head that has one or two blades and a long handle.
axe: A dismissal or rejection.
axe: A drastic reduction or cutback.
axe: A gigging musician's particular instrument, especially a guitar in rock music or a saxophone in jazz.
axe: A position, interest, or reason in buying and selling stock, often with ulterior motives.
axe: The axle of a wheel.
egg: An approximately spherical or ellipsoidal body produced by birds, insects, reptiles, and other animals, housing the embryo within a membrane or shell during its development.
egg: The edible egg (sense 1.1) of a domestic fowl such as a duck, goose, or, especially, a chicken; (uncountable) the contents of such an egg or eggs used as food.
egg: An approximately spherical or ellipsoidal body produced by birds, insects, reptiles, and other animals, housing the embryo within a membrane or shell during its development.
egg: A food item shaped to resemble an egg (sense 1.1.1), such as a chocolate egg.
egg: An approximately spherical or ellipsoidal body produced by birds, insects, reptiles, and other animals, housing the embryo within a membrane or shell during its development.
egg: Synonym of ovum (“the female gamete of an animal”); an egg cell.
egg: A thing which looks like or is shaped like an egg (sense 1.1).
egg: A swelling on one's head, usually large or noticeable, resulting from an injury.
egg: A thing which looks like or is shaped like an egg (sense 1.1).
egg: Chiefly in egg and dart: an ornamental oval moulding alternating in a row with dart or triangular shapes.
egg: A thing which looks like or is shaped like an egg (sense 1.1).
egg: A score of zero; specifically (cricket), a batter's failure to score; a duck egg or duck's egg.
egg: A thing which looks like or is shaped like an egg (sense 1.1).
egg: A bomb or mine.
egg: Senses relating to people.
egg: A person; a fellow.
egg: Senses relating to people.
egg: A white person considered to be overly infatuated with East Asia.
egg: Senses relating to people.
egg: A user of the microblogging service Twitter identified by the default avatar (historically an image of an egg (sense 1.1.1)) rather than a custom image; hence, a newbie or noob.
egg: Senses relating to people.
egg: A person regarded as having not yet realized they are transgender, who has not yet come out as transgender, or who is in the early stages of transitioning; also, one's lack of awareness that one is transgender.
egg: Senses relating to people.
egg: A foolish or obnoxious person.
egg: Senses relating to people.
egg: A young person.
egg: Something regarded as containing a (usually bad) thing at an early stage.
egg: One of the blocks of data injected into a program's address space for use by certain forms of shellcode, such as "omelettes".
leg: A limb or appendage that an animal uses for support or locomotion on land.
leg: In humans, the lower limb extending from the groin to the ankle.
leg: The portion of the lower limb of a human that extends from the knee to the ankle.
leg: A part of garment, such as a pair of trousers/pants, that covers a leg.
leg: A rod-like protrusion from an inanimate object, such as a piece of furniture, supporting it from underneath.
leg: Something that supports.
leg: A stage of a journey, race etc.
leg: A distance that a sailing vessel does without changing the sails from one side to the other.
leg: One side of a multiple-sided (often triangular) course in a sailing race.
leg: A single game or match played in a tournament or other sporting contest.
leg: One of the two sides of a right triangle that is not the hypotenuse.
leg: One of the branches of a hyperbola or other curve which extend outward indefinitely.
leg: The ability of something to persist or succeed over a long period of time.
leg: A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg.
leg: An extension of a steam boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; called also water leg.
leg: In a grain elevator, the case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets.
leg: Denotes the half of the field on the same side as the batsman's legs; the left side for a right-handed batsman.
leg: A branch or lateral circuit connecting an instrument with the main line.
leg: A branch circuit; one phase of a polyphase system.
leg: An underlying instrument of a derivatives strategy.
leg: An army soldier assigned to a paratrooper unit who has not yet been qualified as a paratrooper.
leg: A gesture of submission; a bow or curtsey. Chiefly in phrase make a leg.
leg: A column, as a unit of length of text as laid out.
leg: Synonym of leg up (“forming a step for a person's feet with one's hands”)
leg: An individual bet in a parlay (a series of bets where the stake and winnings are cumulatively carried forward).
leg: Alternative spelling of leg.
dar: A fish found in the Severn River; a dart or dace.
dar: African-American Vernacular form of there
bid: An offer at an auction, or to carry out a piece of work.
bid: A (failed) attempt to receive or intercept a pass.
bid: An attempt, effort, or pursuit (of a goal).
bid: A particular route that a driver regularly takes from their domicile.
bid: A prison sentence.
dug: A mammary gland on a domestic mammal with more than two breasts.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: A prepared spot in which to spend the night.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: One's place of sleep or rest.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: Sleep; rest; getting to sleep.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: The time for going to sleep or resting in bed; bedtime.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: Time spent in a bed.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: Marriage.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: Sexual activity.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: Clipping of bedroom.
bed: A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: The bottom of a body of water, such as an ocean, sea, lake, or river.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: An area where a large number of oysters, mussels, other sessile shellfish, or a large amount of seaweed is found.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: A garden plot.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: A foundation or supporting surface formed of a fluid.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: The superficial earthwork, or ballast, of a railroad.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: The platform of a truck, trailer, wagon, railcar, or other vehicle that supports the load to be hauled.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: A shaped piece of timber to hold a cask clear of a ship’s floor; a pallet.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: The flat part of the press, on which the form is laid.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: The flat surface of a scanner on which a document is placed to be scanned.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: A piece of music, normally instrumental, over which a radio DJ talks.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: Any of the sections of a dartboard with a point value, delimited by a wire.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: The taut surface of a trampoline.
bed: A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.
bed: A layer or surface.
bed: A deposit of ore, coal, etc.
bed: A layer or surface.
bed: The smallest division of a geologic formation or stratigraphic rock series marked by well-defined divisional planes (bedding planes) separating it from layers above and below.
bed: A layer or surface.
bed: The horizontal surface of a building stone.
bed: A layer or surface.
bed: The lower surface of a brick, slate, or tile.
bed: A layer or surface.
bed: A course of stone or brick in a wall.
lit: Little.
lit: Colour; blee; dye; stain.
lit: Clipping of literature.
ber: A fruit-bearing tree (Ziziphus mauritiana); the jujube.
art: The conscious production or arrangement of sounds, colours, forms, movements, or other elements in a manner that affects the senses and emotions, usually specifically the production of the beautiful in a graphic or plastic medium.
art: The creative and emotional expression of mental imagery, such as visual, auditory, social, etc.
art: Skillful creative activity, usually with an aesthetic focus.
art: The study and the product of these processes.
art: Aesthetic value.
art: Artwork.
art: A field or category of art, such as painting, sculpture, music, ballet, or literature.
art: A nonscientific branch of learning; one of the liberal arts.
art: Skill that is attained by study, practice, or observation.
art: Contrivance, scheming, manipulation.
law: The body of binding rules and regulations, customs, and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.
law: The body of such rules that pertain to a particular topic.
law: The body of binding rules and regulations, customs, and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.
law: Common law, as contrasted with equity.
law: The body of binding rules and regulations, customs, and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.
law: A binding regulation or custom established in a community in this way.
law: A rule, such as:
law: Any rule that must or should be obeyed, concerning behaviours and their consequences. (Compare mores.)
law: A rule, such as:
law: A rule or principle regarding the construction of language or art.
law: A rule, such as:
law: A statement (in physics, etc) of an (observed, established) order or sequence or relationship of phenomena which is invariable under certain conditions. (Compare theory.)
law: A rule, such as:
law: A statement (of relation) that is true under specified conditions; a mathematical or logical rule.
law: A rule, such as:
law: Any statement of the relation of acts and conditions to their consequences.
law: A rule, such as:
law: A sound law; a regular change in the pronunciation of a language.
law: A rule, such as:
law: One of the official rules of cricket as codified by the its (former) governing body, the MCC.
law: The control and order brought about by the observance of such rules.
law: A person or group that act(s) with authority to uphold such rules and order (for example, one or more police officers).
law: The profession that deals with such rules (as lawyers, judges, police officers, etc).
law: Jurisprudence, the field of knowledge which encompasses these rules.
law: Litigation; legal action (as a means of maintaining or restoring order, redressing wrongs, etc).
law: An allowance of distance or time (a head start) given to a weaker (human or animal) competitor in a race, to make the race more fair.
law: A mode of operation of the flight controls of a fly-by-wire aircraft.
law: One of two metaphysical forces ruling the world in some fantasy settings, also called order, and opposed to chaos.
law: An oath sworn before a court, especially disclaiming a debt. (Chiefly in the phrases "wager of law", "wage one's law", "perform one's law", "lose one's law".)
law: A tumulus of stones.
law: A hill.
law: A score; share of expense; legal charge.
pin: A needle without an eye (usually) made of drawn-out steel wire with one end sharpened and the other flattened or rounded into a head, used for fastening.
pin: A small nail with a head and a sharp point.
pin: A cylinder often of wood or metal used to fasten or as a bearing between two parts.
pin: The victory condition of holding the opponent's shoulders on the wrestling mat for a prescribed period of time.
pin: A slender object specially designed for use in a specific game or sport, such as skittles or bowling.
pin: A leg.
pin: Any of the individual connecting elements of a multipole electrical connector.
pin: A piece of jewellery that is attached to clothing with a pin.
pin: A simple accessory that can be attached to clothing with a pin or fastener, often round and bearing a design, logo or message, and used for decoration, identification or to show political affiliation, etc.
pin: Either a scenario in which moving a lesser piece to escape from attack would expose a more valuable piece to being taken instead, or one where moving a piece is impossible as it would place the king in check.
pin: The flagstick: the flag-bearing pole which marks the location of a hole
pin: The spot at the exact centre of the house (the target area)
pin: The spot at the exact centre of the target, originally a literal pin that fastened the target in place.
pin: A mood, a state of being.
pin: One of a row of pegs in the side of an ancient drinking cup to mark how much each person should drink.
pin: Caligo.
pin: A thing of small value; a trifle.
pin: A peg in musical instruments for increasing or relaxing the tension of the strings.
pin: A short shaft, sometimes forming a bolt, a part of which serves as a journal.
pin: The tenon of a dovetail joint.
pin: A size of brewery cask, equal to half a firkin, or eighth of a barrel.
pin: A pinball machine.
pin: A small cylindrical object which blocks the rotation of a pin-tumbler lock when the incorrect key is inserted.
dig: An archeological or paleontological investigation, or the site where such an investigation is taking place.
dig: A thrust; a poke.
dig: A defensive pass of the ball that has been attacked by the opposing team.
dig: An innings.
dig: A cutting, sarcastic remark.
dig: The occupation of digging for gold.
dig: A plodding and laborious student.
dig: A tool for digging.
dig: A rare or interesting vinyl record bought second-hand.
dig: Digoxin.
dig: A duck.
oar: A type of lever used to propel a boat, having a flat blade at one end and a handle at the other, and pivoted in a rowlock atop the gunwale, whereby a rower seated in the boat and pulling the handle can pass the blade through the water by repeated strokes against the water's resistance, thus moving the boat.
oar: An oarsman; a rower.
oar: An oar-like swimming organ of various invertebrates.
bet: A wager, an agreement between two parties that a stake (usually money) will be paid by the loser to the winner (the winner being the one who correctly forecast the outcome of an event).
bet: A candidate (for elections and pageants).
bet: Indicating a degree of certainty, or that something can be relied upon.
bet: Alternative form of beth (“Semitic letter”)
car: A wheeled vehicle that moves independently, with at least three wheels, powered mechanically, steered by a driver and mostly for personal transportation.
car: A wheeled vehicle, drawn by a horse or other animal; a chariot.
car: A wheeled vehicle, drawn by a horse or other animal; a chariot.
car: A four-wheeled cab, as opposed to a (two-wheeled) Hansom cab.
car: An unpowered unit in a railroad train.
car: an individual vehicle, powered or unpowered, in a multiple unit.
car: A passenger-carrying unit in a subway or elevated train, whether powered or not.
car: A rough unit of quantity approximating the amount which would fill a railroad car.
car: The moving, load-carrying component of an elevator or other cable-drawn transport mechanism.
car: The passenger-carrying portion of certain amusement park rides, such as Ferris wheels.
car: The part of an airship, such as a balloon or dirigible, which houses the passengers and control apparatus.
car: A sliding fitting that runs along a track.
car: The aggregate of desirable characteristics of a car.
car: A floating perforated box for living fish.
car: A clique or gang.
car: Deliberate misspelling of cat.
car: The first part of a cons in Lisp. The first element of a list.
mow: The act of mowing (a garden, grass, etc.).
mow: A shot played with a sweeping or scythe-like motion.
mow: A scornful grimace; a wry face.
mow: A stack of hay, corn, beans or a barn for the storage of hay, corn, beans.
mow: The place in a barn where hay or grain in the sheaf is stowed.
mow: Alternative form of mew (a seagull)
eat: Something to be eaten; a meal; a food item.
oil: Liquid fat.
oil: petroleum-based liquid used as fuel or lubricant.
oil: petroleum
oil: An oil painting.
oil: Oil paint.
oil: Containing oil, conveying oil; intended for or capable of containing oil.
let: The allowing of possession of a property etc. in exchange for rent.
let: An obstacle or hindrance.
let: The hindrance caused by the net during serve, only if the ball falls legally.
bra: An item of underwear worn to support the breasts.
bra: One of the two vectors in the standard notation for describing quantum states in quantum mechanics, the row vector; the other (column) vector being its complex conjugate, the ket.
bra: Alternative form of bro; friend, mate
lay: Arrangement or relationship; layout.
lay: A share of the profits in a business.
lay: The direction a rope is twisted.
lay: A casual sexual partner.
lay: An act of sexual intercourse.
lay: A place or activity where someone spends a significant portion of their time.
lay: The laying of eggs.
lay: A layer.
lay: A basis or ground.
lay: A lake.
lay: A ballad or sung poem; a short poem or narrative, usually intended to be sung.
lay: A lyrical, narrative poem written in octosyllabic couplets that often deals with tales of adventure and romance.
lay: A meadow; a lea.
lay: A law.
lay: An obligation; a vow.
cut: The act of cutting.
cut: The result of cutting.
cut: An opening resulting from cutting; an incision or wound.
cut: A notch, passage, or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove.
cut: A notch, passage, or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove.
cut: An artificial navigation channel as distinguished from a navigable river.
cut: A share or portion of profits.
cut: A decrease.
cut: A batsman's shot played with a swinging motion of the bat, to hit the ball backward of point.
cut: Sideways movement of the ball through the air caused by a fast bowler imparting spin to the ball.
cut: In lawn tennis, etc., a slanting stroke causing the ball to spin and bound irregularly; also, the spin thus given to the ball.
cut: In a strokeplay competition, the early elimination of those players who have not then attained a preannounced score, so that the rest of the competition is less pressed for time and more entertaining for spectators.
cut: A passage omitted or to be omitted from a play, movie script, speech, etc.
cut: A particular version or edit of a film.
cut: The act or right of dividing a deck of playing cards.
cut: The card obtained by dividing the pack.
cut: The manner or style in which a garment or an article of clothing is fashioned.
cut: A slab or slice, especially of meat.
cut: An attack made with a chopping motion of the blade, landing with its edge or point.
cut: A deliberate snub, typically a refusal to return a bow or other acknowledgement of acquaintance.
cut: An unkind act; a cruelty.
cut: An insult
cut: A definable part, such as an individual song, of a recording, particularly of commercial records, audio tapes, CDs, etc.
cut: A truncation, a context that represents a moment in time when other archaeological deposits were removed for the creation of some feature such as a ditch or pit.
cut: A haircut.
cut: The partition of a graph’s vertices into two subgroups.
cut: A dividing line in a Tumblr post, the content below which is hidden until the reader reveals it.
cut: A string of railway cars coupled together, shorter than a train.
cut: An engraved block or plate; the impression from such an engraving.
cut: A common workhorse; a gelding.
cut: The failure of a college officer or student to be present at any appointed exercise.
cut: A skein of yarn.
cut: That which is used to dilute or adulterate a recreational drug.
cut: A notch shaved into an eyebrow.
cut: A time period when one attempts to lose fat while retaining muscle mass.
cut: A hidden, secluded, or secure place.
cut: The range of temperatures used to distill a particular mixture of hydrocarbons from crude oil.
ran: Yarns coiled on a spun-yarn winch.
lie: The terrain and conditions surrounding the ball before it is struck.
lie: The terrain and conditions surrounding the disc before it is thrown.
lie: The position of a fetus in the womb.
lie: A manner of lying; relative position.
lie: An animal's lair.
lie: An intentionally false statement; an intentional falsehood.
lie: A statement intended to deceive, even if literally true.
lie: Anything that misleads or disappoints.
sat: Abbreviation of satellite (“artificial orbital body”).
sat: Abbreviation of satoshi (“a hundred-millionth of a bitcoin”).
sat: Level of saturation (especially of oxygen in the blood).
bog: An area of decayed vegetation (particularly sphagnum moss) which forms a wet spongy ground too soft for walking; a marsh or swamp.
bog: Confusion, difficulty, or any other thing or place that impedes progress in the manner of such areas.
bog: The acidic soil of such areas, principally composed of peat; marshland, swampland.
bog: A place to defecate: originally specifically a latrine or outhouse but now used for any toilet.
bog: An act or instance of defecation.
bog: A little elevated spot or clump of earth, roots, and grass, in a marsh or swamp.
bog: Alternative form of bug: a bugbear, monster, or terror.
bog: Puffery, boastfulness.
you: The name of the Latin-script letter U.
GNP: Initialism of gross national product.
sew: Broth, gravy.
why: Reason.
why: A young heifer.
why: Alternative form of wye; the name of the Latin-script letter Y.
get: Offspring.
get: Lineage.
get: A difficult return or block of a shot.
get: Something gained; an acquisition.
get: Synonym of git (“contemptible person”)
get: A Jewish writ of divorce.
rod: A straight, round stick, shaft, bar, cane, or staff.
rod: A longitudinal pole used for forming part of a framework such as an awning or tent.
rod: A long slender usually tapering pole used for angling; fishing rod.
rod: A stick, pole, or bundle of switches or twigs (such as a birch), used for personal defense or to administer corporal punishment by whipping.
rod: An implement resembling and/or supplanting a rod (particularly a cane) that is used for corporal punishment, and metonymically called the rod, regardless of its actual shape and composition.
rod: A stick used to measure distance, by using its established length or task-specific temporary marks along its length, or by dint of specific graduated marks.
rod: A unit of length equal to 1 pole, a perch, ¹⁄₄ chain, 5+¹⁄₂ yards, 16+¹⁄₂ feet, or exactly 5.0292 meters (these being all equivalent).
rod: An implement held vertically and viewed through an optical surveying instrument such as a transit, used to measure distance in land surveying and construction layout; an engineer's rod, surveyor's rod, surveying rod, leveling rod, ranging rod. The modern (US) engineer's or surveyor's rod commonly is eight or ten feet long and often designed to extend higher. In former times a surveyor's rod often was a single wooden pole or composed of multiple sectioned and socketed pieces, and besides serving as a sighting target was used to measure distance on the ground horizontally, hence for convenience was of one rod or pole in length, that is, 5+¹⁄₂ yards.
rod: A unit of area equal to a square rod, 30+¹⁄₄ square yards or ¹⁄₁₆₀ acre.
rod: A straight bar that unites moving parts of a machine, for holding parts together as a connecting rod or for transferring power as a driveshaft.
rod: A rod cell: a rod-shaped cell in the eye that is sensitive to light.
rod: Any of a number of long, slender microorganisms.
rod: A stirring rod: a glass rod, typically about 6 inches to 1 foot long and ¹⁄₈ to ¹⁄₄ inch in diameter that can be used to stir liquids in flasks or beakers.
rod: A pistol; a gun.
rod: The penis.
rod: A hot rod, an automobile or other passenger motor vehicle modified to run faster and often with exterior cosmetic alterations, especially one based originally on a pre-1940s model or (currently) denoting any older vehicle thus modified.
rod: A rod-shaped object that appears in photographs or videos traveling at high speed, not seen by the person recording the event, often associated with extraterrestrial entities.
rod: A Cuisenaire rod.
rod: A coupling rod or connecting rod, which links the driving wheels of a steam locomotive, and some diesel shunters and early electric locomotives.
won: The currency of Korea, worth 100 jun in North Korea and 100 jeon in South Korea.
bib: An item of clothing for people (especially babies) tied around their neck to protect their clothes from getting dirty when eating.
bib: Similar items of clothing such as the Chinese dudou and Vietnamese yem.
bib: A rectangular piece of material, carrying a bib number, worn as identification by entrants in a race.
bib: A colourful polyester or plastic vest worn over one's clothes, usually to mark one's team during group activities.
bib: The upper part of an apron or overalls.
bib: Ellipsis of bib short.
bib: A patch of colour around an animal's upper breast and throat.
bib: A north Atlantic fish (Trisopterus luscus), allied to the cod.
bib: A bibb (bibcock).
IPA: Initialism of isopropyl alcohol.
IPA: Initialism of isophthalic acid.
IPA: Initialism of isopropyl acetate.
IPA: Initialism of India pale ale.
IPA: Transcription written in the International Phonetic Alphabet.
IPA: An IPA file, or an iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, or tvOS app distributed via IPA files.
bug: An insect of the order Hemiptera (the “true bugs”).
bug: Any of various species of marine or freshwater crustaceans; e.g. a Moreton Bay bug, mudbug.
bug: Any insect, arachnid, or other terrestrial arthropod that is a pest.
bug: Any minibeast.
bug: Any insect, arachnid, myriapod or entognath.
bug: A bedbug.
bug: A problem that needs fixing.
bug: A contagious illness, or a pathogen causing it.
bug: An enthusiasm for something; an obsession.
bug: A keen enthusiast or hobbyist.
bug: A concealed electronic eavesdropping or intercept device.
bug: A small and usually invisible file (traditionally a single-pixel image) on a World Wide Web page, primarily used to track users.
bug: A small, usually transparent or translucent image placed in a corner of a television program to identify the broadcasting network or cable channel.
bug: A manually positioned marker in flight instruments.
bug: A semi-automated telegraph key.
bug: Hobgoblin, scarecrow; anything that terrifies.
bug: HIV.
bug: A limited form of wild card in some variants of poker.
bug: A trilobite.
bug: Synonym of oil bug.
bug: An asterisk denoting an apprentice jockey's weight allowance.
bug: A young apprentice jockey.
bug: Synonym of union bug.
bug: A small piece of metal used in a slot machine to block certain winning combinations.
bug: A metal clip attached to the underside of a table, etc. to hold hidden cards, as a form of cheating.
WVO: Initialism of waste vegetable oil.
fit: The degree to which something fits.
fit: Conformity of elements one to another.
fit: The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly.
fit: Measure of how well a particular commercial execution captures the character or values of a brand.
fit: Goodness of fit.
fit: The quality of a partnership's combined holding of cards in a suit, particularly of trump.
fit: A section of a poem or ballad.
fit: A seizure or convulsion.
fit: A sudden and vigorous appearance of a symptom over a short period of time.
fit: A sudden outburst of emotion.
fit: A sudden burst (of an activity).
fit: An outfit, a set of clothing.
sot: stupid person; fool
sot: drunkard
RMO: Initialism of research management organization; It functions as a combination of a CRO and SMO to manage research from the conception and development of a project to the implementation and completion at Investigative Sites.
SMO: Initialism of site management organization; an organization that provides clinical trial related services.
SMO: Initialism of social movement organization.
SMO: Initialism of special military operation.
SMO: Initialism of social media optimization.
CRO: Initialism of Cathode-Ray Oscilloscope.
CRO: Initialism of Contract research organization.
CRO: Initialism of COMSEC responsible officer.
CRO: Initialism of conversion rate optimization.
CRO: Initialism of chief risk officer.
CRO: Initialism of chief research officer.
CRO: Initialism of chief revenue officer.
CRO: Initialism of chief reputation officer.
CRO: Initialism of chief restructuring officer.
sit: An act of sitting.
sit: Subsidence of the roof of a coal mine.
sit: An event, usually lasting one full day or more, where the primary goal is to sit in meditation.
sit: Short for situation.
saw: A tool with a toothed blade used for cutting hard substances, in particular wood or metal.
saw: A tool with a toothed blade used for cutting hard substances, in particular wood or metal.
saw: Such a tool with an abrasive coating instead of teeth.
saw: A musical saw.
saw: A sawtooth wave.
saw: The situation where two partners agree to trump a suit alternately, playing that suit to each other for the express purpose.
saw: Something spoken; speech, discourse.
saw: A saying or proverb.
saw: Opinion, idea, belief.
saw: Proposal, suggestion; possibility.
saw: Dictate; command; decree.
pay: Money given in return for work; salary or wages.
EMP: Initialism of electromagnetic pulse.
EMP: Initialism of enamel matrix protein.
bag: A soft container made out of cloth, paper, thin plastic, etc. and open at the top, used to hold food, commodities, and other goods.
bag: A container made of leather, plastic, or other material, usually with a handle or handles, in which you carry personal items, or clothes or other things that you need for travelling. Includes shopping bags, schoolbags, suitcases, briefcases, handbags, backpacks, etc.
bag: One's preference.
bag: An ugly woman.
bag: The cloth-covered pillow used for first, second, and third base.
bag: First, second, or third base.
bag: A breathalyzer, so named because it formerly had a plastic bag over the end to measure a set amount of breath.
bag: A collection of objects, disregarding order, but (unlike a set) in which elements may be repeated.
bag: A sac in animal bodies, containing some fluid or other substance.
bag: A pouch tied behind a man's head to hold the back-hair of a wig; a bag wig.
bag: The quantity of game bagged in a hunt.
bag: A unit of measure of cement equal to 94 pounds.
bag: A dark circle under the eye, caused by lack of sleep, drug addiction etc.
bag: A large number or amount.
bag: In certain phrases: money.
bag: A fellow gay man.
bag: A small envelope that contains drugs, especially narcotics.
bag: The scrotum.
bag: £1000, a grand.
vel: The ∨ symbol used to represent the inclusive or, which is a logical connective.
ban: Prohibition.
ban: A public proclamation or edict; a summons by public proclamation. Chiefly, in early use, a summons to arms.
ban: The gathering of the (French) king's vassals for war; the whole body of vassals so assembled, or liable to be summoned; originally, the same as arrière-ban: in the 16th c., French usage created a distinction between ban and arrière-ban, for which see the latter word.
ban: A curse or anathema.
ban: A pecuniary mulct or penalty laid upon a delinquent for offending against a ban, such as a mulct paid to a bishop by one guilty of sacrilege or other crimes.
ban: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Romanian leu.
ban: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Moldovan leu.
ban: A unit measuring information or entropy based on base-ten logarithms, rather than the base-two logarithms that define the bit.
ban: A title used in several states in central and south-eastern Europe between the 7th century and the 20th century.
bol: bolognese
fly: Any insect of the order Diptera; characterized by having two wings (except for some wingless species), also called true flies.
fly: Especially, any of the insects of the family Muscidae, such as the common housefly (other families of Diptera include mosquitoes and midges).
fly: Any similar but not closely related insect, such as a dragonfly, butterfly, or gallfly.
fly: A lightweight fishing lure resembling an insect.
fly: A chest exercise performed by moving extended arms from the sides to in front of the chest. (also flye)
fly: The butterfly stroke (plural is normally flys).
fly: A witch's familiar.
fly: A parasite.
fly: A simple dance in which the hands are shaken in the air, popular in the 1960s.
fly: A butterfly (combination of four options).
fly: The action of flying; flight.
fly: An act of flying.
fly: A fly ball.
fly: Short for fly route.
fly: A piece of canvas that covers the opening at the front of a tent.
fly: The sloping or roof part of the canvas of a tent.
fly: The free edge of a flag.
fly: The horizontal length of a flag.
fly: An exercise that involves wide opening and closing of the arms perpendicular to the shoulders.
fly: The part of a vane pointing the direction from which the wind blows.
fly: That part of a compass on which the points are marked; the compass card.
fly: Two or more vanes set on a revolving axis, to act as a fanner, or to equalize or impede the motion of machinery by the resistance of the air, as in the striking part of a clock.
fly: Short for flywheel.
fly: A type of small, light, fast horse-drawn carriage that can be hired for transportation (sometimes pluralised flys).
fly: In a knitting machine, the piece hinged to the needle, which holds the engaged loop in position while the needle is penetrating another loop; a latch..
fly: The pair of arms revolving around the bobbin, in a spinning wheel or spinning frame, to twist the yarn.
fly: A shuttle driven through the shed by a blow or jerk.
fly: The person who took the printed sheets from the press.
fly: A vibrating frame with fingers, attached to a power printing press for doing the same work.
fly: One of the upper screens of a stage in a theatre.
fly: waste cotton
fly: A wing.
CSS: Initialism of change segment status, a GDS code used on older types of airline keyboards.
CSS: Initialism of Content Scramble System, a DRM and encryption system for DVDs.
CSS: Initialism of Churg-Strauss syndrome.
CSS: Initialism of Chinese surface-to-surface (missile), a NATO prefix-code for systems developed by the People's Republic of China.
CSS: Initialism of Confederate States Ship (the designation for a commissioned warship operated by the Confederate States Navy).
CSS: Initialism of Canadian Survey Ship (the designation for a survey ship operated by the Canadian Hydrographic Service).
CSS: Initialism of cascading style sheet.
CSS: Initialism of control stick steering, a method of Space Shuttle flight control.
CSS: Initialism of critical swim speed.
CSS: Initialism of chromosome substitution strain.
jay: Any of the numerous species of birds belonging to several genera within the family Corvidae, including Garrulus, Cyanocitta, Aphelocoma, Perisoreus, Cyanocorax, Gymnorhinus, Cyanolyca, Ptilostomus, and Calocitta, allied to the crows, but smaller, more graceful in form, often handsomely coloured, usually having a crest, and often noisy.
jay: Any of various other birds of similar appearance and behaviour.
jay: Any of various other birds of similar appearance and behaviour.
jay: The Indian roller, Coracias benghalensis.
jay: Any of various large papilionid butterflies of the genus Graphium.
jay: A dull or ignorant person. It survives today in the term jaywalking.
jay: Promiscuous woman; prostitute.
jay: The name of the Latin-script letter J.
jay: A marijuana cigarette; a joint.
URL: Initialism of Uniform Resource Locator: the address of a web page, FTP site, audio stream or other Internet resource.
URL: Initialism of Uniform Resource Locator: the address of a web page, FTP site, audio stream or other Internet resource.
URL: a domain name
URL: Initialism of unrestricted line officer.
URL: Initialism of upper reference limit.
put: A right to sell something at a predetermined price.
put: Short for put option.
put: The act of putting; an action; a movement; a thrust; a push.
put: An old card game.
put: A fellow, especially an eccentric or elderly one; a duffer.
put: A prostitute.
ROM: Acronym of read-only memory.
ROM: A software image of read-only memory (as of a game cartridge) used in emulation.
ROM: Initialism of range of motion.
ROM: Acronym of rupture of membranes.
ROM: Initialism of return on margin.
ROM: Initialism of rough order of magnitude: An informal cost or price estimate provided for planning and budgeting purposes only, typically expected to be only 75% accurate.
ROM: Initialism of run of month.
nin: Affectionate name for a grandmother.
era: A time period of indeterminate length, generally more than one year.
era: A geochronologic unit of tens to hundreds of millions of years; a subdivision of an eon, and subdivided into periods.
USA: Abbreviation of United States Attorney.
sog: Marsh-like land, bog-like land.
MDM: Initialism of master data management.
MDM: Initialism of multiplexer-demultiplexer.
MDM: Initialism of medical decision making.
nit: The egg of a louse.
nit: A young louse.
nit: A head louse regardless of its age.
nit: A fool, a nitwit.
nit: A nitpicker.
nit: A minor shortcoming.
nit: A candela per square metre.
nit: Synonym of nat (“logarithmic unit of information”)
nit: A player with an overly cautious and reactive playing style.
Rom: A member of the Romani people.
Rom: A male member of the Romani people who is married and considered respectable amongst the family.
wet: Liquid or moisture.
wet: Rainy weather.
wet: Rainy season. (often capitalized)
wet: A moderate Conservative; especially, one who opposed the hard-line policies of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s.
wet: An alcoholic drink.
wet: One who supports the consumption of alcohol and thus opposes Prohibition.
wet: A tyre for use in wet weather.
wet: A weak or sentimental person; a wimp or softie.
dry: The process by which something is dried.
dry: A prohibitionist (of alcoholic beverages).
dry: An area with little or no rain, or sheltered from it.
dry: The dry season.
dry: An area of waterless country.
dry: Unsweetened ginger ale; dry ginger.
dry: A radical or hard-line Conservative; especially, one who supported the policies of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s.
owl: Any of various birds of prey of the order Strigiformes that are primarily nocturnal and have forward-looking, binocular vision, limited eye movement, and good hearing.
owl: A person seen as having owl-like characteristics, especially appearing wise or serious, or being nocturnally active.
owl: An owl pigeon.
owl: A politician with moderate views that are neither hawkish nor dovish.
owl: Any of various nymphalid butterflies, especially in the genus Caligo, having large eyespots on the wings.
tit: A mammary gland, teat.
tit: A person's breast or nipple.
tit: An idiot; a fool.
tit: A police officer; a "tithead".
tit: A light blow or hit (now usually in the phrase tit for tat).
tit: A chickadee; a small passerine bird of the genus Parus or the family Paridae, common in the Northern Hemisphere.
tit: Any of various other small passerine birds.
tit: A small horse; a nag.
tit: A young girl, later especially a minx, hussy.
tit: A morsel; a bit.
rim: An edge around something, especially when circular.
rim: A wheelrim.
rim: A semicircular copydesk.
rim: A membrane.
rim: The membrane enclosing the intestines; the peritoneum, hence loosely, the intestines; the lower part of the abdomen; belly.
rim: A step of a ladder; a rung.
ice: Water in frozen (solid) form.
ice: Any frozen volatile chemical, such as ammonia or carbon dioxide.
ice: Any volatile chemical, such as water, ammonia, or carbon dioxide, not necessarily in solid form, when discussing the composition of e.g. a planet as an ice giant vs a gas giant.
ice: Something having an extreme coldness of manner.
ice: The area where a game of ice hockey is played.
ice: Icing; frosting ("a sweet, often creamy and thick glaze made primarily of sugar").
ice: A frozen dessert made of fruit juice, water and sugar.
ice: An ice cream.
ice: An individual piece of ice.
ice: Elephant or rhinoceros ivory that has been poached and sold on the black market.
ice: An artifact that has been smuggled, especially one that is either clear or shiny.
ice: Money paid as a bribe.
ice: One or more diamonds and jewelry, especially blood diamonds.
ice: The crystal form of amphetamine-based drugs.
lig: A lie; an untruth.
ash: The solid remains of a fire.
ash: The nonaqueous remains of a material subjected to any complete oxidation process.
ash: Fine particles from a volcano, volcanic ash.
ash: Human (or animal) remains after cremation.
ash: Mortal remains in general.
ash: What remains after a catastrophe.
ash: A gray colour, like that of ash.
ash: A shade tree of the genus Fraxinus.
ash: The wood of this tree.
ash: The traditional name for the ae ligature (æ), as used in Old English.
act: Something done, a deed.
act: Actuality.
act: Something done once and for all, as distinguished from a work.
act: A product of a legislative body, a statute.
act: The process of doing something.
act: A formal or official record of something done.
act: A division of a theatrical performance.
act: A performer or performers in a show.
act: Any organized activity.
act: A display of behaviour.
act: A thesis maintained in public, in some English universities, by a candidate for a degree, or to show the proficiency of a student.
act: A display of behaviour meant to deceive.
act: Ellipsis of act of parliament.
run: Act or instance of running, of moving rapidly using the feet.
run: Act or instance of hurrying (to or from a place) (not necessarily on foot); dash or errand, trip.
run: A pleasure trip.
run: Flight, instance or period of fleeing.
run: Migration (of fish).
run: A group of fish that migrate, or ascend a river for the purpose of spawning.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: A (regular) trip or route.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: The route taken while running or skiing.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: A single trip down a hill, as in skiing and bobsledding.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: The distance sailed by a ship.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: A voyage.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: A trial.
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: The execution of a program or model
run: A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:
run: A playthrough, or attempted playthrough; a session of play.
run: Unrestricted use. Only used in have the run of.
run: An enclosure for an animal; a track or path along which something can travel.
run: A rural landholding for farming, usually for running sheep, and operated by a runholder.
run: State of being current; currency; popularity.
run: Continuous or sequential
run: A continuous period (of time) marked by a trend; a period marked by a continuing trend.
run: Continuous or sequential
run: A series of tries in a game that were successful.
run: Continuous or sequential
run: A production quantity (such as in a factory).
run: Continuous or sequential
run: The period of showing of a play, film, TV series, etc.
run: Continuous or sequential
run: A period of extended (usually daily) drug use.
run: Continuous or sequential
run: A sequence of cards in a suit in a card game.
run: Continuous or sequential
run: A rapid passage in music, especially along a scale.
run: A flow of liquid; a leak.
run: A small creek or part thereof. (Compare Southern US branch and New York and New England brook.)
run: A quick pace, faster than a walk.
run: A quick pace, faster than a walk.
run: A fast gallop.
run: A sudden series of demands on a bank or other financial institution, especially characterised by great withdrawals.
run: Any sudden large demand for something.
run: Various horizontal dimensions or surfaces
run: The top of a step on a staircase, also called a tread, as opposed to the rise.
run: Various horizontal dimensions or surfaces
run: The horizontal length of a set of stairs
run: Various horizontal dimensions or surfaces
run: Horizontal dimension of a slope.
run: A standard or unexceptional group or category.
run: In sports
run: A score when a runner touches all bases legally; the act of a runner scoring.
run: In sports
run: The act of passing from one wicket to another; the point scored for this.
run: In sports
run: A running play.
run: In sports
run: The movement communicated to a golf ball by running it.
run: In sports
run: The distance a ball travels after touching the ground from a stroke.
run: In sports
run: The distance drilled with a bit, in oil drilling.
run: A line of knit stitches that have unravelled, particularly in a nylon stocking.
run: The stern of the underwater body of a ship from where it begins to curve upward and inward.
run: The horizontal distance to which a drift may be carried, either by licence of the proprietor of a mine or by the nature of the formation; also, the direction which a vein of ore or other substance takes.
run: A pair or set of millstones.
run: Shortening of speedrun.
wow: Anything exceptionally surprising, unbelievable, outstanding, etc.
wow: A relatively slow form of flutter (pitch variation) which can affect both gramophone records and tape recorders.
ram: A male sheep, typically uncastrated.
ram: A battering ram; a heavy object used for breaking through doors.
ram: A warship intended to sink other ships by ramming them.
ram: A reinforced section of the bow of a warship, intended to be used for ramming other ships.
ram: A piston powered by hydraulic pressure.
ram: An act of ramming.
ram: A weight which strikes a blow, in a ramming device such as a pile driver, steam hammer, or stamp mill.
fox: A red fox, small carnivore (Vulpes vulpes), related to dogs and wolves, with red or silver fur and a bushy tail.
fox: Any of numerous species of small wild canids resembling the red fox. In the taxonomy they form the tribe Vulpini within the family Canidae, consisting of nine genera (see the Wikipedia article on the fox).
fox: The fur of a fox.
fox: A fox terrier.
fox: The gemmeous dragonet, a fish, Callionymus lyra, so called from its yellow color.
fox: A cunning person.
fox: A physically attractive man or woman.
fox: A person with reddish brown hair, usually a woman.
fox: A small strand of rope made by twisting several rope-yarns together. Used for seizings, mats, sennits, and gaskets.
fox: A wedge driven into the split end of a bolt to tighten it.
fox: A hidden radio transmitter, finding which is the goal of radiosport.
fox: The fourteenth Lenormand card.
fox: A sword; so called from the stamp of a fox on the blade, or perhaps of a wolf taken for a fox.
fox: Air-to-air weapon launched.
rin: A coin worth ¹⁄₁₀₀₀ of a Japanese yen, no longer in circulation.
MOR: A mid-ocean ridge: a submarine volcanic mountain range.
set: A punch for setting nails in wood.
set: A device for receiving broadcast radio waves (or, more recently, broadcast data); a radio or television.
set: Alternative form of sett (“a hole made and lived in by a badger”)
set: Alternative form of sett (“pattern of threads and yarns”)
set: Alternative form of sett (“piece of quarried stone”)
set: A small tuber or bulb used instead of seed, particularly onion sets and potato sets.
set: The amount by which the teeth of a saw protrude to the side in order to create the kerf.
set: A permanent change of shape caused by excessive strain, as from compression, tension, bending, twisting, etc.
set: A bias of mind; an attitude or pattern of behaviour.
set: A piece placed temporarily upon the head of a pile when the latter cannot otherwise be reached by the weight, or hammer.
set: The width of the body of a type.
set: A young oyster when first attached.
set: Collectively, the crop of young oysters in any locality.
set: A series or group of something. (Note the similar meaning in Etymology 4, Noun)
set: The manner, state, or quality of setting or fitting; fit.
set: The pattern of a tartan, etc.
set: The camber of a curved roofing tile.
set: The full number of eggs set under a hen.
set: That which is staked; a wager; hence, a gambling game.
set: A young plant fit for setting out; a slip; shoot.
set: A rudimentary fruit.
set: The setting of the sun or other luminary; (by extension) the close of the day.
set: General movement; direction; drift; tendency.
set: A matching collection of similar things. (Note the similar meaning in Etymology 2, Noun.)
set: A collection of various objects for a particular purpose.
set: An object made up of several parts.
set: A collection of zero or more objects, possibly infinite in size, and disregarding any order or repetition of the objects which may be contained within it.
set: A group of people, usually meeting socially.
set: The scenery for a film or play.
set: the general locations and area where a movie’s, a film’s, or a video’s scenery is arranged to be filmed also including places for actors, assorted crew, director, producers which are typically not filmed.
set: The initial or basic formation of dancers.
set: A group of repetitions of a single exercise performed one after the other without rest.
set: A complete series of games, forming part of a match.
set: A complete series of points, forming part of a match.
set: The act of directing the ball to a teammate for an attack.
set: A musical performance by a band, disc jockey, etc., consisting of several musical pieces.
set: A drum kit, a drum set.
set: A class group in a subject where pupils are divided by ability.
set: Three of a kind, especially if two cards are in one's hand and the third is on the board. Compare trips (“three of a kind, especially with two cards on the board and one in one's hand”).
bat: Any of the flying mammals of the order Chiroptera, usually small and nocturnal, insectivorous or frugivorous.
bat: An old woman.
bat: A club made of wood or aluminium used for striking the ball in sports such as baseball, softball and cricket.
bat: A turn at hitting the ball with a bat in a game.
bat: A player rated according to skill in batting.
bat: The piece of wood on which the spinner places the coins and then uses for throwing them.
bat: Shale or bituminous shale.
bat: A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables; batting.
bat: A part of a brick with one whole end.
bat: A stroke; a sharp blow.
bat: A stroke of work.
bat: Rate of motion; speed.
bat: A spree; a jollification.
bat: Manner; rate; condition; state of health.
bat: A rough walking stick.
bat: A packsaddle.
bat: Dated form of baht (“Thai currency”).
bat: Clipping of batty (“buttocks or anus”).
bat: A child's shoe without a welt.
bat: A boot that is badly made or in poor condition.
sap: The juice of plants of any kind, especially the ascending and descending juices or circulating fluid essential to nutrition.
sap: The sapwood, or alburnum, of a tree.
sap: Any juice.
sap: Vitality.
sap: A naive person; a simpleton.
sap: A short wooden club; a leather-covered hand weapon; a blackjack.
sap: A narrow ditch or trench made from the foremost parallel toward the glacis or covert way of a besieged place by digging under cover of gabions, etc.
end: The terminal point of something in space or time.
end: The cessation of an effort, activity, state, or motion.
end: Death.
end: The most extreme point of an object, especially one that is longer than it is wide.
end: Result.
end: A purpose, goal, or aim.
end: One of the two parts of the ground used as a descriptive name for half of the ground.
end: The position at the end of either the offensive or defensive line, a tight end, a split end, a defensive end.
end: A period of play in which each team throws eight rocks, two per player, in alternating fashion.
end: An ideal point of a graph or other complex. See End (graph theory)
end: That which is left; a remnant; a fragment; a scrap.
end: One of the yarns of the worsted warp in a Brussels carpet.
end: Money.
ese: dude, man. (Usually used vocatively).
ese: Obsolete spelling of ease
fil: A Nordic dairy product, similar to yogurt, but using different bacteria which give a different taste and texture.
fil: Alternative form of alfil.
CEO: Initialism of chief executive officer.
CEO: Initialism of civil enforcement officer.
CEO: Acronym of current engine option.
pl.: Abbreviation of plural.
pl.: Abbreviation of plates., often used to indicate the number of plate-based illustrations in a book
low: A low point or position, literally (as, a depth) or or figuratively (as, a nadir, a time when things are at their worst, least, minimum, etc).
low: A low point or position, literally (as, a depth) or or figuratively (as, a nadir, a time when things are at their worst, least, minimum, etc).
low: The minimum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period.
low: A period of depression; a depressed mood or situation.
low: An area of low pressure; a depression.
low: The lowest-speed gearing of a power-transmission system, especially of an automotive vehicle.
low: The lowest trump, usually the deuce; the lowest trump dealt or drawn.
low: A cheap, cost-efficient, or advantageous price.
low: A flame; fire; blaze.
low: Barrow, mound, tumulus.
low: A hill.
hit: A blow; a punch; a striking against; the collision of one body against another; the stroke that touches anything.
hit: Something very successful, such as a song, film, or video game, that receives widespread recognition and acclaim.
hit: An attack on a location, person or people.
hit: A collision of a projectile with the target.
hit: A collision of a projectile with the target.
hit: In the game of Battleship, a correct guess at where one's opponent ship is.
hit: A match found by searching a computer system or search engine
hit: A measured visit to a web site, a request for a single file from a web server.
hit: An approximately correct answer in a test set.
hit: The complete play, when the batter reaches base without the benefit of a walk, error, or fielder’s choice.
hit: A dose of an illegal or addictive drug.
hit: A premeditated murder done for criminal or political purposes.
hit: A peculiarly apt expression or turn of thought; a phrase which hits the mark.
hit: A move that throws one of the opponent's men back to the entering point.
hit: A game won after the adversary has removed some of his men. It counts for less than a gammon.
san: A letter of the Archaic Greek alphabet (uppercase Ϻ, lowercase ϻ) that came after pi and before qoppa.
san: A sanatorium.
syn: Abbreviation of synonym.
old: A person older than oneself, especially an adult in relation to a teenager.
old: One's parents.
old: A typically dark-coloured lager brewed by the traditional top-fermentation method.
ebb: The receding movement of the tide.
ebb: A gradual decline.
ebb: A low state; a state of depression.
ebb: A European bunting, the corn bunting (Emberiza calandra, syns. Emberiza miliaria, Milaria calandra).
Jew: An adherent of Judaism.
Jew: A member or descendant of the Jewish people.
Jew: A miserly or greedy person; a cheapskate.
Jew: A ship's tailor.
pig: Any of several mammalian species of the genus Sus, having cloven hooves, bristles and a nose adapted for digging; especially the domesticated animal Sus domesticus.
pig: A young swine, a piglet (contrasted with a hog, an adult swine).
pig: The edible meat of such an animal; pork.
pig: A light pinkish-red colour, like that of a pig (also called pig pink).
pig: Someone who overeats or eats rapidly and noisily.
pig: A lecherous or sexist man.
pig: A dirty or slovenly person.
pig: A very obese person.
pig: A police officer.
pig: A difficult problem.
pig: An oblong block of cast metal (now only iron or lead).
pig: The mold in which a block of metal is cast.
pig: A lead container used for radioactive waste.
pig: A device for cleaning or inspecting the inside of an oil or gas pipeline, or for separating different substances within the pipeline. Named for the pig-like squealing noise made by their progress.
pig: The general-purpose M60 machine gun, considered to be heavy and bulky.
pig: A simple dice game in which players roll the dice as many times as they like, either accumulating a greater score or losing previous points gained.
pig: A sixpence.
pig: earthenware, or an earthenware shard
pig: An earthenware hot-water jar to warm a bed; a stone bed warmer
sal: Salt.
sal: Shorea robusta, a dipterocarpaceous tree.
sal: Alternative form of sial
ewe: A female sheep, as opposed to a ram.
dew: Any moisture from the atmosphere condensed by cool bodies upon their surfaces.
dew: Moisture in the air that settles on plants, etc in the morning or evening, resulting in drops.
dew: An instance of such moisture settling on plants, etc.
dew: Anything that falls lightly and in a refreshing manner.
dew: An emblem of morning, or fresh vigour.
fog: A thick cloud that forms near the ground; the obscurity of such a cloud.
fog: A mist or film clouding a surface.
fog: A state of mind characterized by lethargy and confusion.
fog: A silver deposit or other blur on a negative or developed photographic image.
fog: Distance fog.
fog: A new growth of grass appearing on a field that has been mowed or grazed.
fog: Tall and decaying grass left standing after the cutting or grazing season.
fog: Moss.
gem: A precious stone, usually of substantial monetary value or prized for its beauty or shine.
gem: Any precious or highly valued thing or person.
gem: Anything of small size, or expressed within brief limits, which is regarded as a gem on account of its beauty or value, such as a small picture, a verse of poetry, or an epigram.
gem: A gemma or leaf-bud.
gem: A geometrid moth of species Orthonama obstipata.
gem: A package containing programs or libraries for the Ruby programming language.
gem: A size of type between brilliant (4-point) and diamond (4½-point), running 222 lines to the foot.
ore: Rock or other material that contains valuable or utilitarian materials; primarily a rock containing metals or gems for which it is typically mined and processed.
mop: An implement for washing floors or similar, made of a piece of cloth, or a collection of thrums, or coarse yarn, fastened to a handle.
mop: A wash with a mop; the act of mopping.
mop: A dense head of hair.
mop: A fair where servants are hired.
mop: A firearm particularly if it has a large magazine (compare broom, but still can be related to MP)
mop: Fellatio
mop: The young of any animal.
mop: A young girl; a moppet.
mop: A made-up face; a grimace.
key: An object designed to open and close a lock.
key: An object designed to fit between two other objects (such as a shaft and a wheel) in a mechanism and maintain their relative orientation.
key: A crucial step or requirement.
key: A guide explaining the symbols or terminology of a map or chart; a legend.
key: A guide to the correct answers of a worksheet or test.
key: One of several small, usually square buttons on a typewriter or computer keyboard, mostly corresponding to text characters.
key: In musical instruments, one of the valve levers used to select notes, such as a lever opening a hole on a woodwind.
key: In instruments with a keyboard such as an organ or piano, one of the levers, or especially the exposed front end of it, which are depressed to cause a particular sound or note to be produced.
key: A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.
key: The lowest note of a scale; keynote.
key: A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.
key: In musical theory, the total melodic and harmonic relations, which exist between the tones of an ideal scale, major or minor; tonality.
key: A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.
key: In musical theory and notation, the tonality centering in a given tone, or the several tones taken collectively, of a given scale, major or minor.
key: A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.
key: In musical notation, a sign at the head of a staff indicating the musical key.
key: A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.
key: The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance.
key: A modification of an advertisement so as to target a particular group or demographic.
key: An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, such as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara.
key: A manual electrical switching device primarily used for the transmission of Morse code.
key: A piece of information (e.g., a password or passphrase) used to encode or decode a message or messages.
key: A password restricting access to an IRC channel.
key: In a relational database, a field used as an index into another table (not necessarily unique).
key: A value that uniquely identifies an entry in a container.
key: The free-throw lane together with the circle surrounding the free-throw line, the free-throw lane having formerly been narrower, giving the area the shape of a skeleton key hole.
key: A series of logically organized groups of discriminating information which aims to allow the user to correctly identify a taxon.
key: A piece of wood used as a wedge.
key: The last board of a floor when laid down.
key: A keystone.
key: That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place.
key: A wooden support for a rail on the bullhead rail system.
key: The degree of roughness, or retention ability of a surface to have applied a liquid such as paint, or glue.
key: The thirty-third card of the Lenormand deck.
key: The black ink layer, especially in relation to the three color layers of cyan, magenta, and yellow. See also CMYK.
key: A color to be masked or made transparent.
key: One of a string of small islands.
key: Alternative form of quay.
key: Clipping of kilogram (especially of a recreational drug)
kin: Race; family; breed; kind.
kin: Persons of the same race or family; kindred.
kin: One or more relatives, such as siblings or cousins, taken collectively.
kin: Relationship; same-bloodedness or affinity; near connection or alliance, as of those having common descent.
kin: Alternative form of qin (“Chinese string instrument”)
kin: A fictional or non-fictional being whom one spiritually connects to.
kin: (fandom slang, in the form (character name) kin) Someone who identifies with a certain fictional character.
kin: Someone who identifies with a certain fictional character.
kin: Alternative form of k'in
kin: Short for kinesiology.
pub: A public house where beverages, primarily alcoholic, may be bought and consumed, also providing food and sometimes entertainment such as live music or television.
pub: A public server.
pub: Clipping of publication.
pub: Clipping of publisher.
bly: Likeness; resemblance; look aspect; species; character.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A cuboid space; a cuboid container, often with a hinged lid.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A cuboid container and its contents; as much as fills such a container.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A compartment (as a drawer) of an item of furniture used for storage, such as a cupboard, a shelf, etc.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A compartment or receptacle for receiving items.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A compartment or receptacle for receiving items.
box: A numbered receptacle at a newspaper office for anonymous replies to advertisements; see also box number.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A compartment to sit inside in an auditorium, courtroom, theatre, or other building.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: The driver's seat on a horse-drawn coach.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A small rectangular shelter.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: Short for horsebox (“container for transporting horses”).
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: Short for gearbox.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: Short for stashbox.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: Short for signal box.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A predicament or trap.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A prison cell.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A prison cell.
box: A cell used for solitary confinement.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A coffin.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: Preceded by the: television.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: The vagina.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A computer, or the case in which it is housed.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A gym dedicated to the CrossFit exercise program.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A hard protector for the genitals worn inside the underpants by a batsman or close fielder.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: Synonym of gully (“a certain fielding position”)
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A cylindrical casing around the axle of a wheel, a bearing, a gland, etc.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A device used in electric fencing to detect whether a weapon has struck an opponent, which connects to a fencer's weapon by a spool and body wire. It uses lights and sound to notify a hit, with different coloured lights for on target and off target hits.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A small country house.
box: Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
box: A stringed instrument with a soundbox, especially a guitar.
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: A rectangle: an oblong or a square.
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: The rectangle in which the batter stands.
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: One of two specific regions in a promoter.
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: A pattern usually performed with three balls where the movements of the balls make a boxlike shape.
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: Short for box lacrosse (“indoor form of lacrosse”).
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: The penalty area.
box: Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space
box: A diamond-shaped flying formation consisting of four aircraft.
box: A rectangular object in any number of dimensions.
box: Any of various evergreen shrubs or trees of genus Buxus, especially common box, European box, or boxwood (Buxus sempervirens) which is often used for making hedges and topiary.
box: The wood from a box tree: boxwood.
box: A musical instrument, especially one made from boxwood.
box: An evergreen tree of the genus Lophostemon (for example, box scrub, Brisbane box, brush box, pink box, or Queensland box, Lophostemon confertus).
box: Various species of Eucalyptus trees are popularly called various kinds of boxes, on the basis of the nature of their wood, bark, or appearance for example, the drooping box (Eucalyptus bicolor), shiny-leaved box (Eucalyptus tereticornis), black box, or ironbark box trees.
box: A blow with the fist.
box: A Mediterranean food fish of the genus Boops, which is a variety of sea bream; a bogue or oxeye.
nut: Any of various hard-shelled seeds or hard, dry fruits from various families of plants.
nut: Any of various hard-shelled seeds or hard, dry fruits from various families of plants.
nut: Such a fruit that is indehiscent.
nut: A piece of hardware, typically metal and typically hexagonal or square in shape, with a hole through it having internal screw threads, intended to be screwed onto a threaded bolt or other threaded shaft.
nut: The head. [from c.]
nut: The head.
nut: A crazy person.
nut: An extreme enthusiast.
nut: An extravagantly fashionable young man.
nut: Senses related to male genitalia.
nut: The glans (structure at the extremity of the penis or of the clitoris).
nut: Senses related to male genitalia.
nut: Semen, ejaculate.
nut: Senses related to male genitalia.
nut: Orgasm, ejaculation; especially release of semen.
nut: Monthly expense to keep a venture running.
nut: The amount of money necessary to set up some venture; set-up costs.
nut: A stash of money owned by an extremely rich investor, sufficient to sustain a high level of consumption if all other money is lost.
nut: On stringed instruments such as guitars and violins, the small piece at the peghead end of the fingerboard that holds the strings at the proper spacing and, in most cases, the proper height.
nut: En, a unit of measurement equal to half of the height of the type in use.
nut: A shaped piece of metal, threaded by a wire loop, which is jammed in a crack in the rockface and used to protect a climb. (Originally, machine nuts [sense #2] were used for this purpose.)
nut: The best possible hand of a certain type. Compare nuts (“the best possible hand available”).
nut: The tumbler of a gunlock.
nut: A projection on each side of the shank of an anchor, to secure the stock in place.
nut: A small rounded cake or cookie.
nut: Alternative form of nuth (“Indian nose ring”)
hem: An utterance or sound of the voice like "hem", often indicative of hesitation or doubt, sometimes used to call attention.
hem: The border of an article of clothing doubled back and stitched together to finish the edge and prevent it from fraying.
hem: A rim or margin of something.
hem: In sheet metal design, a rim or edge folded back on itself to create a smooth edge and to increase strength or rigidity.
pet: An animal kept as a companion.
pet: Something kept as a companion, including inanimate objects. (pet rock, pet plant, etc.)
pet: One who is excessively loyal to a superior and receives preferential treatment.
pet: Any person or animal especially cherished and indulged; a darling.
pet: A fit of petulance, a sulk, arising from the impression that one has been offended or slighted.
pet: Abbreviation of petition.
pet: A term of endearment usually applied to women and children.
jeg: Alternative form of jig
mal: illness, affliction.
mal: A longboard (type of surfboard).
mal: A malleolus.
far: Spelt (a type of wheat, Triticum spelta), especially in the context of Roman use of it.
far: A litter of piglets; a farrow.
arm: The portion of the upper human appendage, from the shoulder to the wrist and sometimes including the hand.
arm: The extended portion of the upper limb, from the shoulder to the elbow.
arm: A limb, or locomotive or prehensile organ, of an invertebrate animal.
arm: The part of a piece of clothing that covers the arm.
arm: A long, narrow, more or less rigid part of an object extending from the main part or centre of the object, such as the arm of an armchair, a crane, a pair of spectacles or a pair of compasses.
arm: A bay or inlet off a main body of water.
arm: A branch of an organization.
arm: Power; might; strength; support.
arm: A pitcher
arm: One of the two parts of a chromosome.
arm: A group of patients in a medical trial.
arm: A weapon.
arm: Heraldic bearings or insignia.
arm: War; hostilities; deeds or exploits of war.
han: Sorrowful resentment, as a part of the Korean cultural identity.
ich: Ichthyophthiriasis, a parasitic infection of freshwater fish caused by ciliates of genus Ichthyophthirius.
ile: Obsolete spelling of ail
ile: Obsolete form of aisle.
ile: Obsolete form of isle.
hun: Alternative spelling of hon (“affectionate abbreviation of honey”)
hun: A grey partridge.
hun: Alternative form of hoon (“Indian gold coin”)
sin: A violation of God's will or religious law.
sin: Sinfulness, depravity, iniquity.
sin: A misdeed or wrong.
sin: A sin offering; a sacrifice for sin.
sin: An embodiment of sin; a very wicked person.
sin: A flaw or mistake.
sin: sin bin
sin: A letter of the Hebrew alphabet; שׂ
sin: A letter of the Arabic alphabet; س
sin: Alternative form of sinh (“tube skirt”)
man: An adult male human.
man: All human males collectively: mankind.
man: A human, a person regardless of gender or sex, usually an adult. (See usage notes.)
man: All humans collectively: mankind, humankind, humanity. (Sometimes capitalized as Man.)
man: A member of the genus Homo, especially of the species Homo sapiens.
man: A male person, usually an adult; a (generally adult male) sentient being, whether human, supernatural, elf, alien, etc.
man: An adult male who has, to an eminent degree, qualities considered masculine, such as strength, integrity, and devotion to family; a mensch.
man: Manliness; the quality or state of being manly.
man: A husband.
man: A male lover; a boyfriend.
man: A male enthusiast or devotee; a male who is very fond of or devoted to a specified kind of thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.)
man: A person, usually male, who has duties or skills associated with a specified thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.)
man: A person, usually male, who can fulfill one's requirements with regard to a specified matter.
man: A male who belongs to a particular group: an employee, a student or alumnus, a representative, etc.
man: An adult male servant.
man: A vassal; a subject.
man: A piece or token used in board games such as backgammon.
man: A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste.
man: A friendly term of address usually reserved for other adult males.
man: A player on whom another is playing, with the intent of limiting their attacking impact.
AGB: Initialism of asymptotic giant branch.
wee: A short time or short distance.
wee: Urine.
wee: An act of urination.
cwm: A valley head created through glacial erosion and with a shape similar to an amphitheatre.
MD5: Initialism of Message Digest 5, a cryptographic hash function.
WTC: Initialism of world trade center (any of many around the world)
WTC: Initialism of willingness to communicate.
TOC: Table of contents.
TOC: Train operating company.
TOC: Translocon on Outer Chloroplast membrane
APL: Initialism of acute promyelocytic leukemia.
APL: Initialism of assistant patrol leader.
ABM: Initialism of anti-ballistic missile.
ABM: Initialism of automated bank machine.
ABM: Initialism of automatic bread machine.
ABM: Initialism of activity-based management.
ASP: Initialism of application service provider.
ASP: Initialism of average selling price (or, more rarely, ‘average sale(s) price’.)
ASP: Initialism of ammunition supply point.
ASP: Initialism of accessibility / assistance / accompaniment service provider.
PHP: Initialism of pseudohypoparathyroidism.
eng: Roman alphabet ŋ: The Latin-based letter formed by combining the letters n and g, used in the IPA, Saami, Mende, and some Australian aboriginal languages. In the IPA, it represents the voiced velar nasal, the ng sound in running and rink. .
IMO: Initialism of information management officer.
EOD: Initialism of explosive ordnance disposal.
EOD: Initialism of event of default.
EOD: Initialism of end of data.
EOD: Initialism of end of discussion.
EOD: Initialism of end of day.
EOD: Initialism of end of daylight.
NES: Initialism of night eating syndrome.
NES: Initialism of native English speaker.
NES: Initialism of Nintendo Entertainment System.
hey: A choreographic figure in which three or more dancers weave between one another, passing by left and right shoulder alternately.
hey: Alternative spelling of he (“Hebrew letter”)
ABC: A type of poem in which the lines start with the letters of the alphabet in order.
ABC: A primer for teaching the Latin alphabet and first elements of reading.
ABC: The fundamentals of any subject.
ABC: A straightforward, uniform playing style, often focusing on betting for value, folding weak hands, and avoiding bluffing.
ABC: A British alphabetized guidebook listing trains and their stations.
ABC: Initialism of airway, breathing and circulation: the essential steps in the immediate assessment and treatment of critically ill or injured patients.
ABC: Initialism of alcoholic beverage control.
ABC: Initialism of American-born Chinese.
ABC: Initialism of Australian-born Chinese.
ABC: Initialism of activity-based costing.
ABC: Initialism of advance base camp.
ABC: Initialism of ATP-binding cassette.
ABC: Initialism of antigen-binding capacity.
ABC: Initialism of aneurysmal bone cyst.
ABC: Initialism of adenoid basal cell carcinoma.
ABC: Abbreviation of abacavir.
ABC: Initialism of accelerated blood clearance.
ABC: Initialism of Atanasoff-Berry computer.
ABC: Initialism of artificial bee colony.
ABC: Initialism of assignment for the benefit of creditors.
ABC: Initialism of absorbing boundary condition.
ABC: Initialism of abstract base class.
ABC: Initialism of adventure-based counseling.
ABC: Initialism of affect, behavior, and cognition.
ABC: Initialism of alien big cat.
ABC: Initialism of active body control.
ABC: Initialism of Archbishop of Canterbury.
DOB: Initialism of date of birth.
EKG: Synonym of ECG (“electrocardiogram”)
DOJ: Initialism of date of judgment.
DOJ: Initialism of double open jaw.
ADH: Initialism of antidiuretic hormone.
ADH: Initialism of alcohol dehydrogenase.
CFC: Initialism of chlorofluorocarbon, a class of molecules containing chlorine, fluorine and carbon atoms
ADP: Initialism of adenosine diphosphate.
ADP: Abbreviation of adposition.
ECG: Initialism of electrocardiogram.
PTO: Initialism of parent-teacher organization.
PTO: Initialism of paid time off.
PTO: Initialism of power take-off, a powered shaft for driving auxiliary equipment.
jag: A sharp projection.
jag: A part broken off; a fragment.
jag: A flap, a tear in a clothing
jag: A cleft or division.
jag: A medical injection, a jab.
jag: A thorn from a bush (see jaggerbush).
jag: Ellipsis of jagoff.: An irritating, inept, or repugnant person.
jag: Enough liquor to make a person noticeably drunk; a skinful.
jag: A binge or period of overindulgence; a spree.
jag: A fit, spell, outburst.
jag: A one-horse cart load, or, in modern times, a truck load, of hay or wood.
jag: A leather bag or wallet; (in the plural) saddlebags.
w/o: Abbreviation of walkover.
w/o: Abbreviation of week of.
w/o: Abbreviation of write-off.
w/o: Abbreviation of wife of.
EEG: Initialism of electroencephalogram.
EEG: Initialism of electroencephalograph.
EEG: Initialism of electroencephalography.
PET: Initialism of polyethylene terephthalate.
PET: Acronym of positron emission tomography.
PET: Acronym of paired-end tag.
PET: Acronym of personal electronic transactor, a line of personal computers produced by Commodore International.
dev: Clipping of developer.
dev: Clipping of development.
dev: Clipping of device.
dev: A monster, dragon, serpent, or giant.
dev: An immortal spirit who inhabits old ruins.
nil: Nothing; zero.
nil: A score of zero
STS: Initialism of science and technology studies.
STS: Initialism of secondary traumatic stress.
STS: Initialism of special treatment steel (a type of homogenous armor plate).
dud: A device or machine that is useless because it does not work properly or has failed to work, such as a bomb, or explosive projectile.
dud: A failure of any kind.
dud: A loser; an unlucky person.
dud: A failure of any kind.
dud: A lottery ticket that does not give a payout.
dud: A failure of any kind.
dud: Clothes, now always used in plural form duds.
obi: A sash worn with a kimono.
obi: A strip of paper looped around a book or other product.
obi: Alternative form of obeah
sea: A large body of salt water.
sea: The ocean; the continuous body of salt water covering a majority of the Earth's surface.
sea: A large body of salt water.
sea: A body of salt water smaller than an ocean, generally forming part of, or connecting with, an ocean or a larger sea.
sea: A large body of salt water.
sea: A lake, especially if large or if salty or brackish.
sea: The swell of the sea; a single wave; billow.
sea: Living or used in or on the sea; of, near, or like the sea.
sea: Anything resembling the vastness or turbulence of the sea.
sea: A constant flux of gluons splitting into quarks, which annihilate to produce further gluons.
sea: A large, dark plain of rock; a mare.
sea: A very large lake of liquid hydrocarbon.
due: Deserved acknowledgment.
due: A membership fee.
due: That which is owed; debt; that which belongs or may be claimed as a right; whatever custom, law, or morality requires to be done, duty.
due: Right; just title or claim.
sei: A sei whale.
cop: A police officer or prison guard.
cop: A spider.
cop: The ball of thread wound on to the spindle in a spinning machine.
cop: The top, summit, especially of a hill.
cop: The crown (of the head); also the head itself.
cop: A roughly dome-shaped piece of armor, especially one covering the shoulder, the elbow, or the knee.
cop: A tube or quill upon which silk is wound.
cop: A merlon.
ham: The region back of the knee joint; the popliteal space; the hock.
ham: A thigh and buttock of an animal slaughtered for meat.
ham: Meat from the thigh of a hog cured for food.
ham: The back of the thigh.
ham: Electronic mail that is wanted; mail that is not spam or junk mail.
ham: Obsolete form of home.
ham: An overacting or amateurish performer; an actor with an especially showy or exaggerated style.
ham: An amateur radio operator.
duo: Two people who work or collaborate together as partners; especially, those who perform music together.
duo: Any pair of two people.
duo: Any cocktail consisting of a spirit and a liqueur.
duo: A song in two parts; a duet.
sir: A man of a higher rank or position.
sir: A respectful term of address to a man of higher rank or position
sir: to a knight or other low member of the peerage.
sir: A respectful term of address to a man of higher rank or position
sir: to a superior military officer.
sir: A respectful term of address to a man of higher rank or position
sir: to a teacher.
sir: A respectful term of address to a man of higher rank or position
sir: A respectful term of address to an adult male (often older), especially if his name or proper title is unknown.
hah: Alternative form of heh (Semitic letter)
eve: The day or night before, usually used for holidays, such as Christmas Eve.
eve: Evening, night.
eve: The period of time when something is just about to happen or to be introduced
rot: The process of becoming rotten; putrefaction.
rot: Decaying matter.
rot: Any of several diseases in which breakdown of tissue occurs.
rot: Verbal nonsense.
mot: A witty remark; a witticism; a bon mot.
mot: A word or a motto; a device.
mot: A note or brief strain on a bugle.
mot: A woman; a wife.
mot: A prostitute.
mot: A landlady.
elf: A luminous spirit presiding over nature and fertility and dwelling in the world of Álfheim (Elfland). Compare angel, nymph, fairy.
elf: Any from a race of mythical, supernatural beings resembling but seen as distinct from human beings. They are usually delicate-featured and skilled in magic or spellcrafting; sometimes depicted as clashing with dwarves, especially in modern fantasy literature.
elf: Any of the magical, typically forest-guarding races bearing some similarities to the Norse álfar (through Tolkien's Eldar).
elf: A very diminutive person; a dwarf.
elf: The bluefish (Pomatomus saltatrix).
SRC: Initialism of Short Range Certificate (certificate that entitles the holder to operate a maritime VHF radio).
ERT: Initialism of emergency response team.
ERT: Initialism of enzyme replacement therapy.
CBS: Initialism of Charles Bonnet syndrome.
CBS: Initialism of combined braking system.
CBS: Initialism of corticobasal syndrome.
CTV: Initialism of clinical target volume, a part of the human body with malignant tumour and some volume surrounding it
CFL: Initialism of compact fluorescent lamp.
CFL: Initialism of context-free language.
CFL: Initialism of color–flavor locking.
NHL: Initialism of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
NHL: Initialism of National Historic Landmark.
NHL: Initialism of Nenets Herding Laika.
PPV: Initialism of pay-per-view.
PPV: Initialism of purchase price variance.
PPV: Porcine parvovirus, a virus causing reproductive failure of swine.
PPV: Initialism of polyphenylene vinylene.
PPV: Abbreviation of positive pressure ventilation.
PPV: Abbreviation of positive pressure ventilation.
PPV: A positive pressure ventilation machine, a PPV device
PPV: Abbreviation of police pursuit vehicle.
moo: The characteristic lowing sound made by cattle.
moo: A foolish woman.
NBC: Abbreviation of nuclear weapon, biological weapon and chemical weapon.
CBC: Initialism of Canadian-born Chinese.
CBC: Initialism of complete blood count.
MP3: A digital sound recording in MP3 format; a song file.
TVO: Initialism of tractor vaporising oil.
NPR: Initialism of National Public Radio.
NPR: Initialism of Natural Pressure Release.
PBS: Initialism of phosphate-buffered saline: a buffer solution commonly used in biological research.
PBS: Initialism of product breakdown structure.
PBS: Initialism of positive behavior support.
PBS: Initialism of Proto-Balto-Slavic.
NFL: Initialism of no free lunch: applied to various restricting theorems.
cor: Various former units of volume
cor: A Hebrew unit of liquid volume, about equal to 230 L or 60 gallons.
cor: Various former units of volume
cor: Synonym of homer: approximately the same volume as a dry measure.
cor: Various former units of volume
cor: A roughly equivalent Phoenician unit of volume.
con: A disadvantage of something, especially when contrasted with its advantages (pros).
con: A convicted criminal, a convict.
con: A fraud; something carried out with the intention of deceiving, usually for personal, often illegal, gain.
con: Alternative form of conn (“navigational direction of a ship”)
con: An organized gathering, such as a convention, conference, or congress.
con: The conversion of part of a building.
con: Consumption; pulmonary tuberculosis.
con: Squirrel, particularly the red squirrel.
con: A squirrel's nest.
con: A political conservative.
eta: The seventh letter of the Modern Greek alphabet, the eighth in Old Greek.
eta: A kind of electrically neutral meson having zero spin and isospin.
eta: A social outcast in Japan who is subjected to menial work, making up a class or caste of such people.
eta: Alternative form of ita (“kind of palm tree”)
uva: A small pulpy or juicy fruit containing several seeds and having a thin skin, such as a grape.
mt.: Abbreviation of mount.
mer: A repeat unit: a structural unit which through repetition forms a polymer.
mer: Alternative form of mayor and mair.
CDA: Initialism of clean, dry air.
CDA: Initialism of compact disk audio.
CDA: Initialism of criminal defense attorney.
CDA: Initialism of Continuous Descent Approach.
CDA: Initialism of critical discourse analysis.
ft.: Alternative form of ft (“foot (unit of length)”)
ft.: Abbreviation of fort.
pt.: Alternative form of pt
pt.: Abbreviation of part.
XXX: Triple X syndrome.
st.: Alternative letter-case form of St., abbreviation of street.
ADA: Initialism of adenosine deaminase, the enzyme that specifically affects RNA. See ADAR.
ADA: Initialism of assistant district attorney.
ADA: Acronym of anti-doping agency.
ADA: Abbreviation of azodicarbonamide.
ADA: Initialism of autodestructive art.
AAA: Initialism of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
AAA: Initialism of aromatic amino acid.
AAA: Initialism of anti-aircraft artillery.
AAA: Initialism of animal-assisted activity.
AAA: Initialism of advanced acoustic array.
AAA: Initialism of Access Approval Authority.
AAA: Initialism of accumulated adjustments account, in US Federal Income Tax
AAA: Initialism of adaptive array antenna.
AAA: Initialism of airborne assault area.
AAA: Initialism of aircraft alert area.
AAA: Initialism of airport airspace analysis.
AAA: Initialism of angle angle angle, a geometric proof
AAA: Initialism of arrival and assembly area.
AAA: Initialism of astronaut-actuated abort.
AAA: Initialism of attitude, awareness and accountability, a ski safety program
AAA: Initialism of authentication, authorization and accounting.
AAA: Initialism of automated airlift analysis.
AAA: Initialism of administration, authorization, and authentication, in software security
AAA: Initialism of AEGIS acquisition agent.
AAA: Initialism of aerospace engineering, applied mechanics, and aviation.
AAA: Initialism of air avenue of approach.
AAA: Initialism of airborne array aperture.
AAA: Initialism of allocations, assessments, and analysis.
AAA: Initialism of alternate assembly area.
AAA: Initialism of authorization accounting activity; authorized accounting activity.
AAA: Initialism of Acquisition Approval Authority.
wok: A large, round-bottomed cooking pan used in East Asian cooking.
dag: A hanging end or shred, in particular a long pointed strip of cloth at the edge of a piece of clothing, or one of a row of decorative strips of cloth that may ornament a tent, booth or fairground.
dag: A dangling lock of sheep’s wool matted with dung.
dag: A skewer.
dag: A spit, a sharpened rod used for roasting food over a fire.
dag: A dagger; a poniard.
dag: A kind of large pistol.
dag: The unbranched antler of a young deer.
dag: One who dresses unfashionably or without apparent care about appearance; someone who is not cool; a dweeb or nerd.
dag: An odd or eccentric person; someone who is a bit strange but amusingly so.
dag: A directed acyclic graph; an ordered pair (V,E) such that E is a subset of some partial ordering relation on V.
dag: A misty shower; dew.
dag: Pronunciation spelling of dog.
fag: In textile inspections, a rough or coarse defect in the woven fabric.
fag: A cigarette.
fag: The worst part or end of a thing.
fag: A chore: an arduous and tiresome task.
fag: A younger student acting as a servant for senior students.
fag: A homosexual man, especially (usually derogatory) an effeminate or unusual one.
fag: An annoying person.
SIL: Initialism of sibling-in-law.
SIL: Initialism of sister-in-law.
SIL: Initialism of safety integrity level.
dam: A structure placed across a flowing body of water to stop the flow or part of the flow, generally for purposes such as retaining or diverting some of the water or retarding the release of accumulated water to avoid abrupt flooding.
dam: The water reservoir resulting from placing such a structure.
dam: A device to prevent a tooth from getting wet during dental work, consisting of a rubber sheet held with a band.
dam: A reservoir.
dam: A firebrick wall, or a stone, which forms the front of the hearth of a blast furnace.
dam: Female parent, mother, generally regarding breeding of animals.
dam: A kind of crowned piece in the game of draughts.
dam: An obsolete Indian copper coin, equal to a fortieth of a rupee.
dam: A former coin of Nepal, 128 of which were worth one mohar.
GST: Initialism of goods and services tax. (Australia, New Zealand, Canada, India)
GST: Initialism of goods and sales tax. (state of Victoria in Australia, formerly in Canada)
GST: Abbreviation of Ge2Sb2Te5. (a compound composed of germanium, antimony, tellurium)
GST: Initialism of GeSbTe. (germanium-antimony-tellurium, a class of phase change materials)
SSW: Initialism of south-southwest.
NNE: Initialism of north-northeast.
NNW: Initialism of north-northwest.
ENE: Initialism of east-northeast.
LES: Initialism of launch escape system.
LES: Initialism of lower esophageal sphincter.
LES: Initialism of lake effect snow.
LES: Initialism of Leave and Earnings Statement.
WNW: Initialism of west-northwest.
SSE: Initialism of south-southeast.
WSW: Initialism of west-southwest.
ESE: Initialism of east-southeast.
bus: A motor vehicle for transporting large numbers of people along roads; by extension, the driver of said vehicle
bus: An electrical conductor or interface serving as a common connection for two or more circuits or components.
bus: Part of a MIRV missile, having on-board motors used to deliver the warhead to a target.
bus: An ambulance.
emu: A cassowary (genus Casuarius).
emu: A large flightless bird native to Australia, Dromaius novaehollandiae.
emu: Initialism of electromagnetic unit.
emu: Clipping of emulator.
co.: Abbreviation of company.
co.: Abbreviation of county.
LCD: Initialism of liquid crystal display.
LCD: Initialism of lowest common denominator / least common denominator.
MBA: Initialism of Master of Business Administration (a college degree).
MBA: Initialism of MacBook Air.
BSA: Initialism of business system analyst.
BSA: Initialism of bovine serum albumin.
BSA: Initialism of body surface area.
rho: The seventeenth letter of the Modern Greek and Classical alphabets and the nineteenth letter of Old and Ancient.
rho: The sensitivity of the option value to the risk-free interest rate.
vat: A large tub, such as is used for making wine or for tanning.
vat: A square, hollow place on the back of a calcining furnace, where tin ore is laid to dry.
vat: A vessel for holding holy water.
vat: A liquid measure and dry measure; especially, a liquid measure in Belgium and Holland, corresponding to the hectolitre of the metric system, which contains 22.01 imperial gallons, or 26.4 standard gallons in the United States.
alb: A long, white robe worn by priests and other ministers, underneath most of the other vestments.
POP: Acronym of point of presence.
POP: Acronym of Point of Purchase.
POP: Acronym of probability of precipitation.
POP: Acronym of picture outside of picture.
POP: Acronym of persistent organic pollutant.
sex: A category into which sexually-reproducing organisms are divided on the basis of their reproductive roles in their species.
sex: Another category, especially of humans and especially based on sexuality or gender roles.
sex: The members of such a category, taken collectively.
sex: The distinction and relation between these categories, especially in humans; gender.
sex: Women; the human female gender and those who belong to it.
sex: Sexual activity, usually sexual intercourse unless preceded by a modifier.
sex: Genitalia: a penis or vagina.
sex: Alternative form of sect.
SVT: Initialism of supraventricular tachycardia.
SVT: Initialism of standard variable tariff.
tri: triathlon
tri: triangle
tri: triceps
BBL: Initialism of Brazilian butt lift.
gut: The alimentary canal, especially the intestine.
gut: The abdomen of a person, especially one that is enlarged
gut: The intestines of an animal used to make strings of a tennis racket or violin, etc.
gut: A person's emotional, visceral self.
gut: A class that is not demanding or challenging.
gut: A narrow passage of water.
gut: The sac of silk taken from a silkworm when ready to spin its cocoon, for the purpose of drawing it out into a thread. When dry, it is exceedingly strong, and is used as the snood of a fishing line.
wan: The quality of being wan; wanness.
wan: Pronunciation spelling of one, representing Ireland English.
wan: A girl or woman.
LLC: Initialism of Limited Liability Company.
LLC: Initialism of Logical Link Control. (one of the two functions of a NIC.)
PLC: Initialism of public limited company.
PLC: Initialism of power line communication.
PLC: Initialism of programmable logic controller.
PLC: Initialism of packet loss concealment.
PLC: Initialism of phospholipase C.
PLC: Initialism of prefecture-level city.
tar: A black, oily, sticky, viscous substance, consisting mainly of hydrocarbons derived from organic materials such as wood, peat, or coal.
tar: Coal tar.
tar: A solid residual byproduct of tobacco smoke.
tar: A sailor, because of the traditional tarpaulin clothes.
tar: Black tar, a form of heroin.
tar: A program for archiving files, common on Unix systems.
tar: A file produced by such a program.
tar: A Persian long-necked, waisted string instrument, shared by many cultures and countries in the Middle East and the Caucasus.
tar: A single-headed round frame drum originating in North Africa and the Middle East.
jip: Ejaculated semen.
kaj: A spirit of storm and wind; can be both ugly and beautiful
jib: A triangular staysail set forward of the foremast. In a sloop (see image) the basic jib reaches back roughly to the level of the mast.
jib: Any of a variety of specialty triangular staysails set forward of the foremast.
jib: The projecting arm of a crane.
jib: A crane used for mounting and moving a video camera.
jib: An object that is used for performing tricks while skiing, snowboarding, skateboarding, in-line skating, or biking. These objects are usually found in a terrain park or skate park.
jib: One who jibs or balks, refusing to continue forward.
jib: A stationary condition; a standstill.
jib: Crystal meth.
jib: The mouth, sometimes particularly the tongue, underlip, or tooth.
jib: A first-year student at the University of Dublin.
BDA: Initialism of bomb damage assessment.
pot: A flat-bottomed vessel (usually metal) used for cooking food.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A vessel (usually earthenware) used with a seal for storing food, such as a honeypot.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A vessel used for brewing or serving drinks: a coffeepot or teapot.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A vessel used to hold soil for growing plants, particularly flowers: a flowerpot.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A vessel used for urination and defecation: a chamber pot; (figuratively, slang) a toilet; the lavatory.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A crucible: a melting pot.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A pot-shaped trap used for catching lobsters or other seafood: a lobster pot.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A pot-shaped metal or earthenware extension of a flue above the top of a chimney: a chimney pot.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A perforated cask for draining sugar.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: An earthen or pewter cup or mug used for drinking liquor.
pot: Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot: A glass of beer in Australia whose size varies regionally but is typically around 10 fl oz (285 mL).
pot: Pothole, sinkhole, vertical cave.
pot: A shallow hole used in certain games played with marbles. The marbles placed in it are called potsies.
pot: Ruin or deterioration.
pot: Any of various traditional units of volume notionally based on the capacity of a pot.
pot: An iron hat with a broad brim worn as a helmet.
pot: A pot-shaped non-conducting (usually ceramic) stand that supports an electrified rail while insulating it from the ground.
pot: The money available to be won in a hand of poker or a round of other games of chance; (figuratively) any sum of money being used as an enticement.
pot: A favorite: a heavily-backed horse.
pot: Clipping of potbelly: a pot-shaped belly, a paunch.
pot: Clipping of potshot: a haphazard shot; an easy or cheap shot.
pot: A plaster cast.
pot: Alternative form of pott: a former size of paper, 12.5 × 15 inches.
pot: Marijuana.
pot: A simple electromechanical device used to control resistance or voltage (often to adjust sound volume) in an electronic device by rotating or sliding when manipulated by a human thumb, screwdriver, etc.
pot: Clipping of potion.
jet: A collimated stream, spurt or flow of liquid or gas from a pressurized container, an engine, etc.
jet: A spout or nozzle for creating a jet of fluid.
jet: A type of airplane using jet engines rather than propellers.
jet: An engine that propels a vehicle using a stream of fluid as propulsion.
jet: A turbine.
jet: An engine that propels a vehicle using a stream of fluid as propulsion.
jet: A rocket engine.
jet: A part of a carburetor that controls the amount of fuel mixed with the air.
jet: A narrow cone of hadrons and other particles produced by the hadronization of a quark or gluon.
jet: Drift; scope; range, as of an argument.
jet: The sprue of a type, which is broken from it when the type is cold.
jet: A hard, black form of coal, sometimes used in jewellery.
jet: The colour of jet coal, deep grey.
MEP: Initialism of Member of the European Parliament.
MEP: Acronym of mean effective pressure.
own: A crushing insult.
ply: A layer of material.
ply: A strand that, twisted together with other strands, makes up rope or yarn.
ply: Short for plywood.
ply: In two-player sequential games, a "half-turn" or a move made by one of the players.
ply: A condition, a state.
ply: A bent; a direction.
DML: Initialism of Doctor of Modern Languages (a terminal degree similar to both the D.A. (Doctor of Arts) and Ph.D. in Foreign Languages. See also: doctor)
der: Nonstandard spelling of there.
dal: Any of many dried husked pulses (legume), including peas, beans and lentils.
dal: A dish made from lentils, cooked with spices, tomatoes and onions etc.
dal: A tropical herb with yellow flowers; the pigeon pea.
NGO: Initialism of non-governmental organization.
flu: Influenza.
flu: Stomach flu.
gnu: A large antelope of the genus Connochaetes, native to Africa, having curved horns.
way: To do with a place or places.
way: A road, a direction, a (physical or conceptual) path from one place to another.
way: To do with a place or places.
way: A means to enter or leave a place.
way: To do with a place or places.
way: A roughly-defined geographical area.
way: A method or manner of doing something; a mannerism.
way: A method or manner of doing something; a mannerism.
way: A set of values and customs associated with and seen as central to the identity of a group of people.
way: A state or condition
way: Personal interaction.
way: Possibility (usually in the phrases 'any way' and 'no way').
way: Personal interaction.
way: Determined course; resolved mode of action or conduct.
way: A tradition within the modern pagan faith of Heathenry, dedication to a specific deity or craft, Way of wyrd, Way of runes, Way of Thor etc.
way: Speed, progress, momentum.
way: A degree, an amount, a sense.
way: Acknowledges that a task has been done well, chiefly in expressions of sarcastic congratulation.
way: The letter for the w sound in Pitman shorthand.
bow: A weapon made of a curved piece of wood or other flexible material whose ends are connected by a string, used for shooting arrows.
bow: A curved bend in a rod or planar surface, or in a linear formation such as a river (see oxbow).
bow: A rod with horsehair (or an artificial substitute) stretched between the ends, used for playing various stringed musical instruments.
bow: A stringed instrument (chordophone), consisting of a stick with a single taut cord stretched between the ends, most often played by plucking.
bow: A type of knot with two loops, used to tie together two cords such as shoelaces or apron strings, and frequently used as decoration, such as in gift-wrapping.
bow: Anything bent or curved, such as a rainbow.
bow: The U-shaped piece which goes around the neck of an ox and fastens it to the yoke.
bow: Either of the arms of a pair of spectacles, running from the side of the lens to behind the wearer's ear.
bow: Any instrument consisting of an elastic rod, with ends connected by a string, employed for giving reciprocating motion to a drill, or for preparing and arranging hair, fur, etc., used by hatters.
bow: A crude sort of quadrant formerly used for taking the sun's altitude at sea.
bow: Two pieces of wood which form the arched forward part of a saddletree.
bow: The part of a key that is not inserted into the lock and that is used to turn the key.
bow: Either of the two handles of a pair of scissors.
bow: A gesture, usually showing respect, made by inclining the head or bending forward at the waist; a reverence
bow: The front of a boat or ship.
bow: The rower that sits in the seat closest to the bow of the boat.
bow: Obsolete spelling of bough
bow: Alternative form of bao; any of several Chinese buns and breads
pun: A joke or type of wordplay in which similar definitions or sounds of two words or phrases, or different definitions of the same word, are deliberately confused.
pun: Alternative form of bun: a Korean unit of length equivalent to about 0.3 cm.
vid: Clipping of video.
vid: Clipping of videotape.
psi: The twenty-third letter of Classical and Modern Greek and the twenty-fifth letter of Old and Ancient Greek.
psi: A form of psychic energy.
pop: A loud, sharp sound, as of a cork coming out of a bottle.
pop: An effervescent or fizzy drink, most frequently nonalcoholic; soda pop.
pop: A bottle, can, or serving of effervescent or fizzy drink, most frequently nonalcoholic; a soda pop.
pop: A pop shot: a quick, possibly unaimed, shot with a firearm.
pop: A quantity dispensed; a portion; apiece.
pop: Something that stands out or is distinctive to the mind or senses.
pop: The removal of a data item from the top of a stack.
pop: A bird, the European redwing.
pop: The sixth derivative of the position vector with respect to time (after velocity, acceleration, jerk, jounce, crackle), i.e. the rate of change of crackle.
pop: A pistol.
pop: Clipping of freeze pop.
pop: A lollipop.
pop: A (usually very) loud audience reaction.
pop: One's father.
pop: Pop music.
pop: Population.
pop: A Russian Orthodox priest; a parson.
phi: Φ, the 21st letter of the Euclidean and modern Greek alphabet, usually romanized as "ph".
phi: The golden ratio.
phi: A visual illusion whereby a sequential pattern of lights produces a false sense of motion.
zoo: A park where live animals are exhibited.
zoo: Any place that is wild, crowded, or chaotic.
zoo: A large and varied collection of something.
zoo: The jungle.
zoo: A zoophile.
lad: A boy or young man.
lad: A hedonistic or irresponsible young man; A Jack the lad.
lad: A familiar term of address for a young man.
lad: A groom who works with horses.
lad: The penis.
phở: Alternative spelling of pho (“Vietnamese soup”).
Ibo: Alternative form of Igbo
ohm: In the International System of Units, the derived unit of electrical resistance; the electrical resistance of a device across which a potential difference of one volt causes a current of one ampere. Symbol: Ω
ola: Alternative form of olay
chi: The twenty-second letter of the Classical and Modern Greek alphabets.
chi: A life force in traditional Chinese philosophy, culture, medicine, etc, related (but not limited) to breath and circulation.
chi: The Chinese foot, a traditional Chinese unit of length based on the human forearm.
chi: The Chinese unit of length standardized in 1984 as ¹/₃ of a meter.
chi: The Taiwanese unit of length standardized as ¹⁰/₃₃ of a meter, identical to the Japanese shaku.
chi: The chek or Hong Kong foot, a unit of length standardized as 0.371475 meters.
chi: Clipping of chihuahua.
wat: A Buddhist temple in Southeast Asia, especially those in Thailand, Laos and Cambodia.
wat: A kind of stew or curry eaten in Ethiopia and Eritrea.
Lao: A Tai ethnic group native to Southeast Asia.
Lao: The official language of Laos that is closely related to Thai.
lux: In the International System of Units, the derived unit of illuminance or illumination; one lumen per square metre. Symbol: lx
ERP: Initialism of erotic roleplay.
ERP: Initialism of event-related potential.
ERP: Initialism of equity risk premium.
ERP: Initialism of estimated retail price.
ERP: Initialism of enterprise resource planning.
ERP: Initialism of effective radiated power.
ERP: Initialism of effective refractory period.
PPS: Initialism of polyphenylene sulfide, polyphenylenesulphide.
PPS: Initialism of parliamentary private secretary.
PPS: Initialism of post postscriptum (initialism indicating a footnote to a PS footnote)
BSE: Initialism of bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
BSE: Initialism of Bachelor of Science in Engineering.
BSE: Initialism of breast self-examination.
BSE: Initialism of backscattered electrons.
tap: A tapering cylindrical pin or peg used to stop the vent in a cask.
tap: A device used to dispense liquids.
tap: Liquor drawn through a tap; hence, a certain kind or quality of liquor.
tap: A place where liquor is drawn for drinking.
tap: A device used to cut an internal screw thread. (External screw threads are cut with a die.)
tap: A connection made to an electrical or fluid conductor without breaking it.
tap: An interception of communication by authority.
tap: A device used to listen in secretly on telephone calls.
tap: A procedure that removes fluid from a body cavity.
tap: The situation where a borrowing government authority issues bonds over a period of time, usually at a fixed price, with volumes sold on a particular day dependent on market conditions.
tap: A gentle or slight blow; a light rap; a pat.
tap: Ellipsis of tap dance.
tap: The act of touching a touch screen.
tap: A piece of leather fastened upon the bottom of a boot or shoe in repairing or renewing the sole or heel.
tap: A signal, by drum or trumpet, for extinguishing all lights in soldiers' quarters and retiring to bed; usually given about a quarter of an hour after tattoo.
tap: A consonant sound made by a single muscle contraction, such as the sound [ɾ] in the standard American English pronunciation of body.
tap: Short for tap of work.
tap: An Indian malarial fever.
TBA: Initialism of tracheobronchial amyloidosis.
TBA: Initialism of tert-butyl alcohol.
TBA: Initialism of traditional birth attendant.
gym: Clipping of gymnasium.
gym: clipping of gymnastics. (often as sense 4)
gym: A sports facility specialized for lifting weights and exercise.
gym: physical education class
TBD: Initialism of torpedo boat destroyer.
ach: Any of several species of plants, such as smallage, wild celery, parsley.
n/a: Initialism of no answer.
n/a: Initialism of nothing added.
eel: Any freshwater or marine fish of the order Anguilliformes, which are elongated and resemble snakes.
eel: A European eel (Anguilla anguilla).
eel: Someone or something that is sneaky and/or hard to catch.
tie: A knot; a fastening.
tie: A knot of hair, as at the back of a wig.
tie: A necktie (item of clothing consisting of a strip of cloth tied around the neck). See also bow tie, black tie.
tie: A lace-up shoe.
tie: A twist tie, a piece of wire embedded in paper, strip of plastic with ratchets, or similar object which is wound around something and tightened.
tie: A connection between people or groups of people, especially a strong connection.
tie: A structural member firmly holding two pieces together.
tie: A horizontal wooden or concrete structural member that supports and ties together rails.
tie: The situation in which two or more participants in a competition are placed equally.
tie: The situation at the end of all innings of a match where both sides have the same total of runs (different from a draw).
tie: An equalizer, a run, goal, point, etc which causes participants in a competition to be placed equally or have the same score(s).
tie: A meeting between two players or teams in a competition.
tie: A curved line connecting two notes of the same pitch denoting that they should be played as a single note with the combined length of both notes.
tie: A curved line connecting two letters (⁀), used in the IPA to denote a coarticulation, as for example /d͡ʒ/.
tie: One or more equal values or sets of equal values in the data set.
tie: A bearing and distance between a lot corner or point and a benchmark or iron off site.
tie: A connection between two vertices.
tie: A tiewig.
pat: The sound of a light slap or tap with a soft flat object, especially of a footstep
pat: A light tap or slap, especially with the hands
pat: A flattish lump of soft matter, especially butter or dung.
pat: Clipping of patent.
pat: Clipping of pattern.
los: A medium-sized wildcat, most of them part of the genus Lynx.
los: Obsolete form of loss.
arc: That part of a circle which a heavenly body appears to pass through as it moves above and below the horizon.
arc: A continuous part of the circumference of a circle (circular arc) or of another curve.
arc: A curve, in general.
arc: A band contained within parallel curves, or something of that shape.
arc: A flow of current across an insulating medium; especially a hot, luminous discharge between either two electrodes or as lightning.
arc: A story arc.
arc: A continuous mapping from a real interval (typically [0, 1]) into a space.
arc: A directed edge.
arc: The three-point line.
arc: An arclight.
BBS: Initialism of bulletin board system or bulletin board service.
BBS: Abbreviation of Bachelor of Business Studies.
BBS: Initialism of BIOS boot sequence.
BBS: Initialism of BIOS boot specification.
BBS: Initialism of Bardet-Biedl syndrome.
ADC: Initialism of aide-de-camp. and postnominal.
ADC: Initialism of analog-to-digital converter.
ADC: Initialism of aid to dependent children.
ADC: Abbreviation of air defense command or aerospace defense command.
ADC: Abbreviation of air defense center or aerospace defense center.
ADC: Initialism of antibody-drug conjugate.
ADC: Initialism of automatic distance control.
ADC: Initialism of after-death communication.
DMZ: Initialism of demilitarized zone.
DMZ: Initialism of dorsal marginal zone.
yaw: The rotation of an aircraft, ship, or missile about its vertical axis so as to cause the longitudinal axis of the aircraft, ship, or missile to deviate from the flight line or heading in its horizontal plane.
yaw: The angle between the longitudinal axis of a projectile at any moment and the tangent to the trajectory in the corresponding point of flight of the projectile.
yaw: A vessel's motion rotating about the vertical axis, so the bow yaws from side to side; a characteristic of unsteadiness.
yaw: The extent of yawing; the rotation angle about the vertical axis.
yaw: A single tumor in the disease called yaws.
AGP: Initialism of accelerated graphics port, a type of motherboard expansion slot.
AGP: Abbreviation of autogynephilia.
AGP: Abbreviation of aerosol generating procedure.
AGP: Initialism of arts, graphics, photography; i.e., the visual arts.
cos: Romaine lettuce: a variety of lettuce with long, crisp leaves.
cos: A cousin, cuz.
ADN: Initialism of ammonium dinitramide.
ADN: Initialism of application delivery network.
UAE: unrecoverable application error (the standard Microsoft Windows error message in Win16)
tod: A male fox.
tod: A fox in general.
tod: Someone like a fox; a crafty person.
tod: A bush, especially of ivy.
tod: An old English measure of weight, usually of wool, containing two stone or 28 pounds (13 kg).
lip: Either of the two fleshy protrusions around the opening of the mouth.
lip: A part of the body that resembles a lip, such as the edge of a wound or the labia.
lip: The projecting rim of an open container or a bell, etc.; a short open spout.
lip: Backtalk; verbal impertinence.
lip: The edge of a high spot of land.
lip: The sharp cutting edge on the end of an auger.
lip: One of the two opposite divisions of a labiate corolla.
lip: The distinctive petal of the Orchis family.
lip: One of the edges of the aperture of a univalve shell.
lip: Embouchure: the condition or strength of a wind instrumentalist's lips.
dis: Alternative form of diss
dis: Any of a group of minor female deities in Scandinavian folklore.
auf: A changeling or elf child; a child left by fairies.
auf: A deformed or foolish child; a simpleton; an oaf.
awe: A feeling of fear and reverence.
awe: A feeling of amazement.
awe: Power to inspire awe.
AHD: Initialism of alveolar hydatid disease.
ape: A primate of the clade Hominoidea, generally larger than monkeys and distinguished from them by having no tail.
ape: Any such primate other than a human.
ape: An uncivilized person.
ape: One who apes; a foolish imitator.
RPG: A roleplaying game.
RPG: A rocket-propelled grenade.
RPG: Rebounds per game.
RPG: A Report Program Generator.
RPG: research postgraduate
ser: Abbreviation of serial.
ser: An old Indian unit of weight, equal to 80 tolas, or one fortieth of a maund.
ser: An address or courtesy title to any person, especially if their gender and/or form of address are unknown.
paw: The soft foot of a mammal or other animal, generally a quadruped, that has claws or nails; comparable to a human hand or foot.
paw: A hand.
paw: Father; pa.
aal: The Indian mulberry or noni (Morinda citrifolia, Morinda tinctoria), a shrub found in Southeast Asia, the East Indies and the Pacific islands as far as French Polynesia.
aal: A reddish dyestuff obtained from the roots of the East Indian shrubs Morinda citrifolia and Morinda tinctoria.
jaw: One of the bones, usually bearing teeth, which form the framework of the mouth.
jaw: The part of the face below the mouth.
jaw: Anything resembling the jaw of an animal in form or action; especially plural, the mouth or way of entrance.
jaw: A notch or opening.
jaw: A notched or forked part, adapted for holding an object in place.
jaw: One of a pair of opposing parts which are movable towards or from each other, for grasping or crushing anything between them.
jaw: The inner end of a boom or gaff, hollowed in a half circle so as to move freely on a mast.
jaw: Impudent, abusive or worthless talk.
jaw: Axle guard.
jaw: The curved part of the cushion marking the entry to the pocket.
rex: An animal which has a genetic recessive variation that causes the guard hairs to be very short or fully lacking.
bes: A bronze coin of the Roman Republic, worth two thirds of an as.
yam: Any climbing vine of the genus Dioscorea in the Eastern and Western hemispheres, usually cultivated.
yam: The edible, starchy, tuberous root of that plant, a tropical staple food.
yam: A sweet potato; a tuber from the species Ipomoea batatas.
yam: A potato.
yam: A oca; a tuber from the species Oxalis tuberosa.
yam: Taro.
yam: An orange-brown colour, like the flesh of the yam.
yam: Home.
lug: The act of hauling or dragging.
lug: That which is hauled or dragged.
lug: Anything that moves slowly.
lug: A lug nut.
lug: A device for terminating an electrical conductor to facilitate the mechanical connection; to the conductor it may be crimped to form a cold weld, soldered or have pressure from a screw.
lug: A part of something which sticks out, used as a handle or support.
lug: A large, clumsy, awkward man; a fool.
lug: An ear or ear lobe.
lug: A wood box used for transporting fruit or vegetables.
lug: A request for money, as for political purposes.
lug: A lugworm.
lug: A pull or drag on a cigarette.
lug: A rod or pole.
lug: A measure of length equal to 16+¹⁄₂ feet.
lug: A lugsail.
lug: The leather loop or ear by which a shaft is held up.
lug: A loop (or protuberance) found on both arms of a hinge, featuring a hole for the axis of the hinge.
lug: A ridge or other protuberance on the surface of a body to increase traction or provide a hold for holding and moving it.
ska: A style of Jamaican dance music originating in the late 1950s, combining elements of Caribbean calypso and mento with American jazz and rhythm and blues; it was the precursor to rocksteady and reggae.
est: Grace; favour.
gab: Idle chatter.
gab: The mouth or gob.
gab: One of the open-forked ends of rods controlling reversing in early steam engines.
sie: A drop.
cot: A simple bed, especially one for portable or temporary purposes.
cot: A bed for infants or small children, with high, often slatted, often moveable sides.
cot: A wooden bed frame, slung by its corners from a beam, in which officers slept before the introduction of bunks.
cot: A cottage or small homestead.
cot: A pen, coop, or similar shelter for small domestic animals, such as sheep or pigeons.
cot: A small, crudely-formed boat.
cot: A cover or sheath; a fingerstall.
cot: A man who does household work normally associated with women.
poo: Alternative spelling of pooh: an instance of saying "poo".
poo: Feces.
poo: A piece of feces or an act of defecation.
poo: Cannabis resin.
poo: Clipping of shampoo.
poo: Champagne.
poo: A poodle crossbreed.
raw: An unprocessed sugar; a batch of such.
raw: A galled place; an inveterate sore.
raw: A point about which a person is particularly sensitive.
raw: A recording or rip of a show that has not been fansubbed.
raw: A scan that has not been cleaned (purged of blemishes arising from the scanning process) and has not been scanlated.
ink: A pigment (or dye)-based fluid used for writing, printing etc.
ink: A particular type, color or container of this fluid.
ink: The black or dark-colored fluid ejected by squid, octopus etc, as a protective strategy.
ink: Publicity.
ink: Tattoo work.
ink: Cheap red wine.
loo: Alternative form of lanterloo: the card game.
loo: The penalty paid to the pool in lanterloo for breaking certain rules or failing to take a trick.
loo: An act that prompts such a penalty.
loo: A game of lanterloo.
loo: Any group of people.
loo: A half-mask, particularly (historical) those velvet half-masks fashionable in the 17th century as a means of protecting women's complexion from the sun.
loo: A hot dust-bearing wind found in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and the Punjab.
loo: A lavatory: a room used for urination and defecation.
loo: A toilet: a fixture used for urination and defecation.
loo: A lieutenant.
mug: A large cup for beverages, usually having a handle and used without a saucer.
mug: The face.
mug: A gullible or easily-cheated person.
mug: A stupid or contemptible person.
mug: A criminal.
mug: Motherfucker (usually in similes, e.g. "like a mug" or "as a mug")
tea: The tea plant (Camellia sinensis); (countable) a variety of this plant.
tea: The dried leaves or buds of the tea plant; (countable) a variety of such leaves.
tea: The drink made by infusing these dried leaves or buds in hot water.
tea: Any similar drink made by infusing parts of various other plants.
tea: Meat stock served as a hot drink.
tea: A cup or (East Asia, Southern US) glass of any of these drinks, often with milk, sugar, lemon, and/or tapioca pearls.
tea: A light midafternoon meal, typically but not necessarily including tea.
tea: Synonym of supper, the main evening meal, whether or not it includes tea.
tea: The break in play between the second and third sessions.
tea: Synonym of marijuana.
tea: Information, especially gossip.
tea: Hot chocolate.
tea: A moment, a historical unit of time from China, about the amount of time needed to quickly drink a traditional cup of tea. It is now found in Chinese-language historical fiction.
INS: Initialism of isolated neutron star.
INS: Initialism of inertial navigation system.
wen: A cyst on the skin; a tumor or wart.
wen: Obsolete form of wynn (“the letter ƿ”).
wen: Alternative spelling of when
don: A university professor, particularly one at Oxford or Cambridge.
don: An employee of a university residence who lives among the student residents.
don: A mafia boss.
don: Any man, bloke, dude.
lex: A specific inflected form of a word; compare lexeme.
soh: Alternative form of so
doh: A syllable used in solfège to represent the first and eighth tonic of a major scale.
lah: Alternative spelling of la
eth: A letter (capital Ð, small ð) introduced into Old English to represent its dental fricative, then not distinguished from the letter thorn, no longer used in English but still in modern use in Icelandic, the IPA and other phonetic alphabets to represent the voiced dental fricative "th" sound as in the English word then. The letter is also used in Faroese, but is generally silent in that language.
fah: Alternative form of fa.
leo: Abbreviation of leotard.
edh: Alternative form of eth
joy: A feeling of extreme happiness or cheerfulness, especially related to the acquisition or expectation of something good.
joy: Anything that causes such a feeling.
joy: Luck or success; a positive outcome.
joy: The sign or exhibition of joy; gaiety; merriment; festivity.
nur: A hard knot in wood; a knur or knurl.
nix: Nothing.
nix: A treacherous water-spirit
wag: An oscillating movement.
wag: A witty person.
via: A main road or highway, especially in ancient Rome. (Mainly used in set phrases, below.)
via: A small hole in a printed circuit board filled with metal which connects two or more layers.
neu: Abbreviation of neuroglioblastoma cell line.
neu: Synonym of HER-2
sum: A quantity obtained by addition or aggregation.
sum: A quantity of money.
sum: A summary; the principal points or thoughts when viewed together; the amount; the substance; compendium.
sum: A central idea or point; gist.
sum: The utmost degree.
sum: An old English measure of corn equal to the quarter.
sum: The basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
sum: The basic unit of money in Uzbekistan.
sum: A type of administrative district used in China, Mongolia, and Russia. In Mongolia, a sum is smaller than a province. In China, it is only used in Inner Mongolia, where it is equivalent to a township.
log: The trunk of a dead tree, cleared of branches.
log: Any bulky piece as cut from the above, used as timber, fuel etc.
log: A unit of length equivalent to 16 feet, used for measuring timber, especially the trunk of a tree.
log: Anything shaped like a log; a cylinder.
log: A floating device, usually of wood, used in navigation to estimate the speed of a vessel through water.
log: A blockhead; a very stupid person.
log: A heavy longboard.
log: A rolled cake with filling.
log: A weight or block near the free end of a hoisting rope to prevent it from being drawn through the sheave.
log: A piece of feces.
log: A penis.
log: A logbook, or journal of a vessel's (or aircraft's) progress.
log: A chronological record of actions, performances, computer/network usage, etc.
log: Specifically, an append-only sequence of records written to file.
log: A Hebrew unit of liquid volume (about ¹⁄₃ liter).
log: Synonym of logarithm.
log: A difference of one in the logarithm, usually in base 10; an order of magnitude.
row: A line of objects, often regularly spaced, such as seats in a theatre, vegetable plants in a garden etc.
row: A horizontal line of entries in a table, etc., going from left to right, as opposed to a column going from top to bottom.
row: Clipping of cornrow.
row: An act or instance of rowing.
row: An exercise performed with a pulling motion of the arms towards the back.
row: A noisy argument.
row: A continual loud noise.
foo: Alternative form of fu: an administrative subdivision of imperial China; the capital of such divisions.
foo: A metasyntactic variable used to represent an unspecified entity. If part of a series of such entities, it is often the first in the series, and followed immediately by bar.
foo: Alternative letter-case form of Foo (“placeholder god”)
foo: Pronunciation spelling of fool.
tup: A male sheep, a ram.
tup: The head of a hammer, and particularly of a steam-driven hammer.
tup: Two pence.
baa: The characteristic cry or bleating of a sheep.
baa: The letter ب in the Arabic script.
gar: Any of several North American fish of the family Lepisosteidae that have long, narrow jaws.
gar: A garfish, Belone belone.
rad: A non-SI unit of absorbed dose of radiation, equal to 0.01 gray.
rad: Abbreviation of radian.
rad: Abbreviation of radiator.
rad: Abbreviation of sight radius.
rob: A syrup made of evaporating fruit juice over a fire, usually mixed with sugar or honey, and especially used for medicinal purposes.
IBS: Initialism of irritable bowel syndrome.
IBS: Initialism of ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens.
lid: The top or cover of a container.
lid: A cap or hat.
lid: One ounce of cannabis.
lid: A bodyboard or bodyboarder.
lid: A motorcyclist's crash helmet.
lid: In amateur radio, an incompetent operator.
lid: Clipping of eyelid.
lid: A hermetically sealed top piece on a microchip such as the integrated heat spreader on a CPU.
lid: A restraint or control, as when "putting a lid" on something.
lid: A kid (from the rhyming slang bin lid)
eau: Alternative form of ea
ton: Any of various units of mass, (historical) originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun, particularly
ton: The short ton of 2000 pounds (about 907 kg), 20 hundredweights of 100 pounds avoirdupois each.
ton: Any of various units of mass, (historical) originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun, particularly
ton: The long ton of 2240 pounds (about 1016 kg), 20 hundredweights of 112 pounds avoirdupois each.
ton: Any of various units of mass, (historical) originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun, particularly
ton: The metric ton of 1000 kilograms, 10 quintals of 100 kilograms each.
ton: Any of various units of volume, (historical) originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun, particularly
ton: The measurement ton of (US) 40 or (UK) 42 cubic feet (about 1.1 or 1.2 m³).
ton: Any of various units of volume, (historical) originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun, particularly
ton: The register ton of 100 cubic feet (about 2.83 m³).
ton: Any large, excessive, or overwhelming amount of anything.
ton: A unit of thermal power equal to 12,000 BTU/h (about 3.5 kW), approximating the idealized rate of cooling provided by uniform isothermal melting of 1 short ton of ice per day at 0°C.
ton: Synonym of hundred, particularly
ton: 100 pounds sterling.
ton: Synonym of hundred, particularly
ton: 100 points.
ton: Synonym of hundred, particularly
ton: 100 runs.
ton: Synonym of hundred, particularly
ton: A speed of 100 mph.
ton: Fashion, the current style, the vogue.
ton: Fashionable society; those in style.
ton: Synonym of tunny, particularly the common tunny or horse mackerel.
PIN: Acronym of personal identification number.
PIN: Initialism of preferred IUPAC name.
kip: The untanned hide of a young or small beast, such as a calf, lamb, or young goat.
kip: A bundle or set of such hides.
kip: A unit of count for skins, 30 for lamb and 50 for goat.
kip: The leather made from such hide; kip leather.
kip: A place to sleep; a rooming house; a bed.
kip: Sleep, snooze, nap, forty winks, doze.
kip: A very untidy house or room.
kip: A brothel.
kip: A unit of force equal to 1000 pounds-force (lbf) (4.44822 kilonewtons or 4448.22 newtons); occasionally called the kilopound.
kip: A unit of weight, used, for example, to calculate shipping charges, equal to half a US ton, or 1000 pounds.
kip: A unit of mass equal to 1000 avoirdupois pounds.
kip: The unit of currency in Laos, divided into 100 att, symbol ₭, abbreviation LAK.
kip: A piece of flat wood used to throw the coins in a game of two-up.
kip: A basic skill or maneuver in artistic gymnastics on the uneven bars, parallel bars, high bar and still rings used, for example, as a way of mounting the bar in a front support position, or achieving a handstand from a hanging position. In its basic form, the legs are swung forward and upward by bending the hips, then suddenly down again, which gives the upward impulse to the body.
kip: A sharp-pointed hill; a projecting point, as on a hill.
fop: A vain man; a dandy.
Noh: A kind of classical Japanese musical drama.
Noh: An individual play in this style.
cob: A corncob.
cob: The seed-bearing head of a plant.
cob: Clipping of cobnut.
cob: A male swan.
cob: A gull, especially the black-backed gull (Larus marinus); also spelled cobb.
cob: A lump or piece of anything, usually of a somewhat large size, as of coal, or stone.
cob: A round, often crusty roll or loaf of bread.
cob: A building material consisting of clay, sand, straw, water, and earth, similar to adobe; also called cobb, rammed earth or pisé.
cob: A horse having a stout body and short legs.
cob: Any of the gold and silver coins that were minted in the Spanish Empire and valued in reales or escudos, such as the piece of eight—especially those which were crudely struck and irregularly shaped.
cob: One who is eminent, great, large, or rich.
cob: A spider (cf. cobweb).
cob: A small fish, the miller's thumb.
cob: A large fish, especially the kabeljou (variant spelling of kob).
cob: The head of a herring.
cob: A tower or small castle on top of a hill.
cob: A thresher.
cob: A cylinder with pins in it, encoding music to be played back mechanically by a barrel organ.
cob: A person of mixed black and white ancestry, especially a griffe; a mulatto.
cob: A punishment consisting of blows inflicted on the buttocks with a strap or a flat piece of wood.
cob: Abbreviation of cobble.
cob: Alternative form of COB
ATM: Initialism of automated teller machine or initialism of automatic teller machine.
ATM: Any source of a large amount of money.
ATM: Initialism of Adobe Type Manager.
ATM: Initialism of asynchronous transfer mode.
ATM: Initialism of active traffic management.
ATM: Initialism of advanced traffic management.
ATM: Initialism of air traffic management.
ATM: Initialism of available ton mile.
ATM: Initialism of ass to mouth.
ATM: Initialism of amateur telescope maker.
ATM: Initialism of at the market, see at-the-market offering.
sow: A female pig.
sow: A female bear, she-bear.
sow: A female guinea pig.
sow: A channel that conducts molten metal to molds.
sow: A mass of metal solidified in a mold.
sow: A contemptible, often fat woman.
sow: A sowbug.
sow: A kind of covered shed, formerly used by besiegers in filling up and passing the ditch of a besieged place, sapping and mining the wall, etc.
iso: Clipping of isolation.
iso: Quarantine measures in order to mitigate the spread of communicable diseases, such as Covid-19.
iso: Clipping of isolation.
iso: An isolation play in basketball or American football.
iso: Clipping of isomorphism.
hop: A short jump.
hop: A jump on one leg.
hop: A short journey, especially in the case of air travel, one that takes place on a private plane.
hop: A bounce, especially from the ground, of a thrown or batted ball.
hop: A dance; a gathering for the purpose of dancing.
hop: The sending of a data packet from one host to another as part of its overall journey.
hop: The plant Humulus lupulus, native to northern Europe, the female flowers of which are used to flavour many types of beer during brewing.
hop: The flowers of the hop plant, dried and used to brew beer etc.
hop: Opium, or some other narcotic drug.
hop: The fruit of the dog rose; a hip.
doe: A female deer; also used of similar animals such as antelope, (less commonly goat as nanny is also used).
doe: A female rabbit.
doe: A female hare.
doe: A female squirrel.
doe: A female kangaroo.
wit: Sanity.
wit: The senses.
wit: Intellectual ability; faculty of thinking, reasoning.
wit: The ability to think quickly; mental cleverness, especially under short time constraints.
wit: Intelligence; common sense.
wit: Humour, especially when clever or quick.
wit: A person who tells funny anecdotes or jokes; someone witty.
job: A task.
job: An economic role for which a person is paid.
job: Plastic surgery.
job: A sex act.
job: A task, or series of tasks, carried out in batch mode (especially on a mainframe computer).
job: A public transaction done for private profit; something performed ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a corrupt official business.
job: A robbery or heist.
job: Any affair or event which affects one, whether fortunately or unfortunately.
job: A thing or whatsit (often used in a vague way to refer to something whose name one cannot recall).
job: The police as a profession, act of policing, or an individual police officer.
job: A sudden thrust or stab; a jab or punch.
tom: The intact male of the domesticated cat.
tom: The male of the turkey.
tom: The male of the orangutan.
tom: The male of certain other animals.
tom: A female prostitute.
tom: A lesbian.
tom: Clipping of tom-tom.
tom: The jack of trumps in the card game gleek.
tom: A close-stool.
tom: A tomato (the fruit).
tom: jewellery
pee: Urine.
pee: An act of urination.
pee: The name of the Latin-script letter P.
pee: Pence; penny (a quantity of money)
pee: The bill of an anchor.
pee: The sliding weight on a steelyard.
rik: Alternative spelling of riq
oom: An older man, especially an uncle. (Frequently as a respectful form of address.)
rub: An act of rubbing.
rub: A difficulty or problem.
rub: A quip or sarcastic remark.
rub: In the game of crown green bowls, any obstacle by which a bowl is diverted from its normal course.
rub: Any substance designed to be applied by rubbing.
rub: Any substance designed to be applied by rubbing.
rub: A mixture of spices applied to meat before it is barbecued.
rub: A loan.
zit: pimple
peg: A cylindrical wooden or metal object used to fasten or as a bearing between objects.
peg: A protrusion used to hang things on.
peg: A support; a reason; a pretext.
peg: A peg moved on a crib board to keep score.
peg: A fixed exchange rate, where a currency's value is matched to the value of another currency or measure such as gold.
peg: A small quantity of a strong alcoholic beverage.
peg: A place formally allotted for fishing
peg: A leg or foot.
peg: One of the pins of a musical instrument, on which the strings are strained.
peg: A step; a degree.
peg: Ellipsis of clothes peg.
peg: A topic of interest, such as an ongoing event or an anniversary, around which various features can be developed.
peg: A stump.
peg: The penetration of one's (male) partner in the anus using a strap-on dildo.
peg: A serving of brandy and soda.
peg: A serving of any hard spirit, particularly whisky.
peg: A shilling.
peg: An easily recalled image that a person mentally visualizes with something else, in order to remember that other thing. See mnemonic peg system.
fan: A hand-held device consisting of concertinaed material, or slats of material, gathered together at one end, that may be opened out into the shape of a sector of a circle and waved back and forth in order to move air towards oneself and cool oneself.
fan: An electrical or mechanical device for moving air, used for cooling people, machinery, etc.
fan: The action of fanning; agitation of the air.
fan: Anything resembling a hand-held fan in shape, e.g., a peacock’s tail.
fan: An instrument for winnowing grain, by moving which the grain is tossed and agitated, and the chaff is separated and blown away.
fan: A small vane or sail, used to keep the large sails of a smock mill always in the direction of the wind.
fan: A section of a tree having a finite number of branches
fan: A person who is fond of something or someone, especially an admirer of a performer or aficionado of a sport.
fan: A unit of length, equivalent to 0.1 tsun (0.01 chek), or 0.00371475 metres.
neg: Clipping of negative.
neg: An expression or implication that one has a negative value judgement of someone in order to make them desire one's approval, especially when trying to pick up a date.
hen: A female chicken (Gallus gallus), particularly a sexually mature one kept for her eggs.
hen: A female of other bird species, particularly a sexually mature female fowl.
hen: A female fish (especially a salmon or trout) or crustacean.
hen: A woman.
hen: A woman.
hen: A bride-to-be, particularly in the context of a hen night.
hen: A hen night.
hen: An affectionate term of address used to women or girls.
hen: A henlike person of either sex.
hen: The hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria), a bivalve shellfish.
tik: crystal meth or speed.
ado: trouble; troublesome business; fuss, commotion
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: the part of something that is usually the top.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: The uppermost part of a page, picture, viewing screen, etc.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: A lid, cap or cover of a container.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: A garment worn to cover the torso.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: A framework at the top of a ship's mast to which rigging is attached.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: The first half of an inning, during which the home team fields and the visiting team bats.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: The crown of the head, or the hair upon it; the head.
top: The highest or uppermost part of something.
top: The near end of somewhere
top: A child’s spinning toy; a spinning top.
top: Someone who is eminent.
top: The chief person; the most prominent one.
top: Someone who is eminent.
top: The highest rank; the most honourable position; the utmost attainable place.
top: A dominant partner in a BDSM relationship or roleplay.
top: A man, who penetrates or has a preference for penetrating during homosexual intercourse.
top: Oral stimulation of the male member; a blowjob.
top: A top quark.
top: The utmost degree; the acme; the summit.
top: A plug, or conical block of wood, with longitudinal grooves on its surface, in which the strands of the rope slide in the process of twisting.
top: Highest pitch or loudest volume.
top: A bundle or ball of slivers of combed wool, from which the noils, or dust, have been taken out.
top: Eve; verge; point.
top: The part of a cut gem between the girdle, or circumference, and the table, or flat upper surface.
top: Topboots.
top: A stroke on the top of the ball.
top: A forward spin given to the ball by hitting it on or near the top; topspin
top: (A table at which there is, or which has enough seats for) a group of a specified number of people eating at a restaurant.
top: Short for topswarm.
pea: A plant, Pisum sativum, member of the legume (Fabaceae) family.
pea: Any plant of the family Fabaceae.
pea: The edible seed of Pisum sativum; the green pea.
pea: The edible seed of various other pea plants.
pea: Any of several varieties of bean.
pea: Money.
pea: A ball travelling at high velocity.
pea: Any of the small numbered balls used in a pea shake game.
pea: Ellipsis of green pea galaxy.
pea: a peafowl
pea: Alternative form of peak
gel: A semi-solid to almost solid colloid of a solid and a liquid, such as jelly, cheese or opal.
gel: Any gel intended for a particular cosmetic use, such as for styling the hair.
gel: A girl.
ren: A kidney.
ren: One’s name, as part of the soul in ancient Egyptian mythology.
cup: A concave vessel for drinking from, usually made of opaque material (as opposed to a glass) and with a handle.
cup: The contents of said vessel.
cup: A customary unit of measure
cup: A US unit of liquid measure equal to 8 fluid ounces (¹⁄₁₆ of a US gallon; 236.5882365 mL) or 240 mL.
cup: A customary unit of measure
cup: A Canadian unit of measure equal to 8 imperial ounces (¹⁄₂₀ imperial gallon; 227.3 mL) or 250 mL.
cup: A customary unit of measure
cup: A British unit of measure equal to ¹⁄₂ imperial pint (10 imperial ounces; 284 mL) or 300 mL.
cup: A customary unit of measure
cup: A metric unit of measure equal to 250 mL.
cup: A trophy in the shape of an oversized cup.
cup: A contest for which a cup is awarded.
cup: The main knockout tournament in a country, organised alongside the league.
cup: A cup-shaped object placed in the target hole.
cup: Any of various sweetened alcoholic drinks.
cup: A rigid concave protective covering for the male genitalia.
cup: One of the two parts of a brassiere which each cover a breast.
cup: One of the two parts of a brassiere which each cover a breast.
cup: Prefixed with a letter, used as a measurement of bra or breast size.
cup: The symbol ∪ denoting union and similar operations.
cup: A suit of the minor arcana in tarot, or one of the cards from the suit.
cup: A defensive style characterized by a three player near defense cupping the thrower; or those three players.
cup: A flexible concave membrane used to temporarily attach a handle or hook to a flat surface by means of suction.
cup: Anything shaped like a cup.
cup: A cupping glass or other vessel or instrument used to produce the vacuum in cupping.
cup: That which is to be received or indured; that which is allotted to one; a portion of blessings and afflictions.
gig: Originally (music), a performing engagement by a musician or musical group; (by extension, film, television, theater) a job or role for a performer.
gig: Any job, especially one that is freelance or temporary, or done on an on-demand basis.
gig: A demerit received for some infraction of a military deportment or dress code.
gig: Clipping of gigabyte (“one billion (1,000,000,000) bytes”).
gig: Any unit of measurement having the SI prefix giga-.
gig: A top which is made to spin by tying a piece of string around it and then throwing it so that the string unwinds rapidly; a whipping-top.
gig: (chiefly Britain, school slang (Eton College), archaic or dialectal) A person with an odd appearance; also, a foolish person.
gig: A person with an odd appearance; also, a foolish person.
gig: Senses relating to enjoyment.
gig: Fun; frolics.
gig: Senses relating to enjoyment.
gig: A fanciful impulse; a whim; also, a joke.
gig: Senses relating to vehicles.
gig: A small, narrow, open boat carried in a larger ship, and used for transportation between the ship and the shore, another vessel, etc.
gig: Senses relating to vehicles.
gig: A similar rowing boat or sailboat, especially one used for racing; specifically, a six-oared sea rowing boat commonly found in Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly.
gig: Senses relating to vehicles.
gig: A two-wheeled carriage drawn by a single horse.
gig: A frivolous, playful, or wanton young woman; a giglet or giglot.
gig: Synonym of fishgig or fizgig (“a spear with a barb on the end of it, used for catching fish, frogs, or other small animals”).
nos: Alternative form of nos. Abbreviation of numbers.
nos: Acronym of nitrous oxide system.
nos: Abbreviation of nitrous oxide (“N₂O”).
som: The currency of Uzbekistan.
som: The currency of Kyrgyzstan.
KIA: A person who is killed in action.
tor: A craggy outcrop of rock on the summit of a hill, created by the erosion and weathering of rock.
tor: A hill with such rock formation.
imp: A small, mischievous sprite or a malevolent supernatural creature, somewhat comparable to a demon but smaller and less powerful, formerly regarded as the child of the devil or a demon (see sense 3.2).
imp: A mischievous child.
imp: A baby Tasmanian devil.
imp: A young shoot of a plant, a tree, etc.; a sapling; also, a part of a plant used for grafting; a graft.
imp: An offspring or scion, especially of a noble family; (generally) a (usually male) child; a (young) man.
imp: Something added to or united with another to lengthen it out or repair it (such as an eke or small stand on which a beehive is placed, or a length of twisted hair in a fishing line).
oca: Any of species Oxalis tuberosa (syn. Oxalis crenata), which bear edible tubers.
aft: The stern portion of a vessel.
aft: Alternative form of afternoon: the time of day from noon until early evening.
caw: The harsh cry of a crow.
kid: A young goat.
kid: Of a female goat, the state of being pregnant: in kid.
kid: Kidskin.
kid: The meat of a young goat.
kid: A young antelope.
kid: A child (usually), teenager, or young adult; a juvenile.
kid: A person whose childhood took place in a particular time period or area.
kid: One's son or daughter, regardless of age.
kid: Used as a form of address for a child, teenager or young adult.
kid: An inexperienced person or one in a junior position.
kid: A deception; an act of kidding somebody.
kid: A small wooden mess tub in which sailors received their food.
kid: semen, ejaculate.
kid: A fagot; a bundle of heath and furze.
ken: Knowledge, perception, or sight.
ken: Range of sight.
ken: A house, especially a den of thieves.
ken: Youth or children's group.
ken: A Japanese unit of length equal to six shakus.
ken: The tsurugi (type of sword).
jam: A sweet mixture of fruit boiled with sugar and allowed to congeal. Often spread on bread or toast or used in jam tarts.
jam: A difficult situation.
jam: A difficult situation.
jam: A difficult situation for a pitcher or defending team.
jam: A blockage, congestion, or immobilization.
jam: An informal, impromptu performance or rehearsal.
jam: A song; a track.
jam: An informal event where people brainstorm and collaborate on projects.
jam: That which one particularly prefers, desires, enjoys, or cares about.
jam: A forceful dunk.
jam: A play during which points can be scored.
jam: Any of several maneuvers requiring wedging of an extremity into a tight space.
jam: The tree Acacia acuminata, with fruity-smelling hard timber.
jam: Luck.
jam: balls, bollocks, courage, machismo
jam: Sexual relations or the contemplation of them.
jam: A kind of frock for children.
jam: Alternative form of jamb
dom: A dominant (in sadomasochistic sexual practices), especially a male one.
dom: A title anciently given to the pope, and later to other church dignitaries and some monastic orders.
dom: A title formerly borne by member of the high nobility of Portugal and Brazil
mos: singular of mores (“moral norms or customs”)
aid: Help; assistance; succor, relief.
aid: A helper; an assistant.
aid: Something which helps; a material source of help.
aid: An historical subsidy granted to the crown by Parliament for an extraordinary purpose, such as a war effort.
aid: An exchequer loan.
aid: A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his feudal lord on special occasions.
aid: Alternative form of aide (“an aide-de-camp”)
aid: The rider's use of hands, legs, voice, etc. to control the horse.
ICR: Initialism of intelligent character recognition.
ICR: Initialism of ion cyclotron resonance.
doo: feces, particularly that of a dog.
den: A small cavern or hollow place in the side of a hill, or among rocks; especially, a cave used by a wild animal for shelter or concealment.
den: A squalid or wretched place; a haunt.
den: A comfortable room not used for formal entertaining.
den: Synonym of fort (“structure improvised from furniture, etc. for playing games.”)
den: A narrow glen; a ravine; a dell.
den: A group of Cub Scouts of the same age who work on projects together.
den: Abbreviation of denier (a unit of weight)
den: Alternative form of dene.
tau: The letter Τ／τ in the Greek alphabet; being the nineteenth letter of the Classical and Modern Greek, and the twenty-first letter of the Old and Ancient Greek alphabets.
tau: Alternative form of taw; the 22nd and last letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads, including Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, and Arabic.
tau: A Τ-shaped object or sign; a Saint Anthony's cross, sometimes regarded as a sacred symbol.
tau: A Τ-shaped object or sign; a Saint Anthony's cross, sometimes regarded as a sacred symbol.
tau: A crosier with a Τ-shaped head.
tau: The ankh symbol (☥).
tau: Chiefly written τ: used to designate the nineteenth star (usually according to brightness) in a constellation.
tau: A measurement of the sensitivity of the value of an option to changes in the implied volatility of the price of the underlying asset.
tau: Chiefly written τ: an irrational and transcendental constant representing the ratio of the circumference of a Euclidean circle to its radius, equal to twice the value of pi (2π; approximately 6.2831853071).
tau: Short for tau protein (“a protein abundant especially in the neurons of the human central nervous system that stabilizes microtubules, and when misfolded is associated with forms of dementia such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases”).
tau: Chiefly written τ.
tau: Short for tau lepton or tau particle (“an unstable elementary particle which is a type of lepton, having a mass almost twice that of a proton, a negative charge, and a spin of ½; it decays into hadrons (usually pions) or other leptons, and neutrinos; a tauon”).
tau: Chiefly written τ.
tau: Short for tau meson, now known as a kaon.
yin: A principle in Chinese and related East Asian philosophies associated with dark, cool, female, etc. elements of the natural world.
nou: Alternative form of noh (“classical Japanese music drama”)
aim: The pointing of a weapon, as a gun, a dart, or an arrow, or object, in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck; the line of fire; the direction of anything, such as a spear, a blow, a discourse, a remark, towards a particular point or object, with a view to strike or affect it.
aim: The point intended to be hit, or object intended to be attained or affected.
aim: Intention or goal
aim: The ability of someone to aim straight; one's faculty for being able to hit a physical target
aim: Conjecture; guess.
aim: Initialism of America Online. AIM; AOL Instant Messenger.
bab: Baby
bab: A bait for eels, consisting of a bundle of live worms.
out: A means of exit, escape, reprieve, etc.
out: A state in which a member of the batting team is removed from play due to the application of various rules of the game such as striking out, hitting a fly ball which is caught by the fielding team before bouncing, etc.
out: A dismissal; a state in which a member of the batting team finishes his turn at bat, due to the application of various rules of the game, such as the bowler knocking over the batsman's wicket with the ball.
out: A card which can make a hand a winner.
out: A trip out; an outing.
out: One who, or that which, is out; especially, one who is out of office.
out: A place or space outside of something; a nook or corner; an angle projecting outward; an open space.
out: A word or words omitted by the compositor in setting up copy; an omission.
rip: A tear (in paper, etc.).
rip: A type of strong, rough tide or current.
rip: A type of strong, rough tide or current.
rip: A rip current: a strong outflow of surface water, away from the shore, that returns water from incoming waves.
rip: A comical, embarrassing, or hypocritical event or action.
rip: A hit (dose) of marijuana.
rip: A black mark given for substandard schoolwork.
rip: Something unfairly expensive, a rip-off.
rip: Data or audio copied from a CD, DVD, Internet stream, etc. to a hard drive, portable device, etc.
rip: A fart.
rip: Something ripped off or stolen; a work resulting from plagiarism.
rip: A kind of glissando leading up to the main note to be played.
rip: Ellipsis of ripsaw (“saw for cutting wood along its grain”)..
rip: A joyride.
rip: A wicker basket for fish.
rip: A worthless horse; a nag.
rip: An immoral man; a rake, a scoundrel.
rip: A handful of unthreshed grain.
nun: A member of a Christian religious community of women who live by certain vows and usually wear a habit, (Roman Catholicism, specifically) those living together in a cloister.
nun: A member of a similar female community in other confessions.
nun: A prostitute.
nun: A kind of pigeon with the feathers on its head like the hood of a nun.
nun: The fourteenth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
tow: The act of towing and the condition of being towed.
tow: Something, such as a tugboat, that tows.
tow: Something, such as a barge, that is towed.
tow: A rope or cable used in towing.
tow: A speed increase given by driving in front of another car on a straight, which causes a slipstream for the car behind.
tow: An untwisted bundle of fibres such as cellulose acetate, flax, hemp or jute.
tow: The short, coarse, less desirable fibres separated by hackling from the finer longer fibres (line).
FFT: Initialism of fast Fourier transform.
MOV: Initialism of metal-oxide varistor.
ale: A beer made without hops.
ale: A beer produced by so-called warm fermentation and not pressurized.
ale: A festival in English country places, so called from the liquor drunk.
PWM: Initialism of pulsewidth modulation.
FET: Initialism of field effect transistor.
DSP: Initialism of digital signal processor.
DSP: Initialism of digital signal processing.
DSP: Initialism of demand-side platform.
VCO: Initialism of voltage controlled oscillator.
VCO: Initialism of Voice Carry Over, a service that relays voice communication to the deaf.
DUT: Initialism of device under test.
AGC: Initialism of automatic gain control.
UPS: Initialism of uninterruptible power supply/source
UPS: Initialism of ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy.
UPS: Initialism of ubiquitin-proteasome system.
PCB: Initialism of printed circuit board.
PCB: Initialism of polychlorinated biphenyl.
PCB: Initialism of program control block.
PCB: Initialism of physically changeable bit.
PCB: Initialism of Pakistan Cricket Board.
PLL: Initialism of phase-locked loop.
PLL: Initialism of permutation of the last layer.; after OLL, the rearrangement of the last layer of cubies so that they are in their right places.
PTC: Phenylthiocarbamide.
PTC: Parent-teacher conference.
PTC: Proton therapy center.
PTC: Abbreviation of pre-trial conference.
PTC: Initialism of positive temperature coefficient.
PTC: Initialism of positive train control.
SCR: Initialism of silicon controlled rectifier.
SCR: Initialism of senior common room (in British universities).
DAC: Acronym of digital-to-analog converter.
DAC: Initialism of diamond anvil cell.
DAC: Abbreviation of D-acetylcarnitine.
DAC: Initialism of discretionary access control.
DAC: Abbreviation of direct air capture technology.
DAC: Initialism of deputy assistant commissioner, a police rank used in London's Metropolitan Police.
PAL: Acronym of Phase Alternat[ ing / ion / ed ] Line. (TV standard)
PAL: Acronym of programmable array logic.
PAL: Initialism of phenylalanine ammonia lyase.
PAL: Acronym of permissive-action link.
PAL: Acronym of prisoner at large.
CAD: Initialism of computer-aided design.
CAD: Initialism of computer-aided drafting.
CAD: Initialism of control alt delete.
CAD: Initialism of cash against documents: an arrangement where the purchaser must pay the total price in cash in order to get shipping papers from the seller or (usually) a third party.
CAD: Initialism of coronary artery disease.
CAD: Initialism of computer-aided diagnosis.
CAD: Initialism of cold agglutinin disease.
CAD: Initialism of computer-aided dispatch.
Y2K: Abbreviation of year 2000.
Y2K: millennium bug
CCD: Initialism of colony collapse disorder.
CCD: Initialism of charge-coupled device. (digital camera cell technology)
CCD: A CCD-based image sensor.
CCD: Initialism of carbonate compensation depth.
AFC: Initialism of adult foster care.
AFC: Initialism of Association Football Club.
AFC: Initialism of average frustrated chump.
ASA: Initialism of air sovereignty alert: refers to fighter jet units that provide aerial defense of the nation via high-readiness aircraft.
ASA: Initialism of acetylsalicylic acid. (aspirin)
USB: A USB flash drive.
USB: Initialism of unified S-band (a communication system used for the Apollo program).
USB: Initialism of upper sideband.
CRT: Initialism of Chinese remainder theorem.
CRT: Initialism of cathode ray tube.
CRT: A display device using a cathode ray tube, such as early televisions or monitors.
CRT: Initialism of C runtime.
CRT: Initialism of crisis response team.
CRT: Initialism of critical race theory.
CRT: Initialism of casual relief teacher.
411: The latest scoop, information or news.
AAC: Initialism of advanced audio coding.
AAC: Initialism of aerated autoclaved concrete.
AAC: Initialism of aeronautical approach chart.
AAC: Initialism of affirming Anglican catholicism.
AAC: Abbreviation of airborne aircraft carrier.
AAC: Initialism of aircraft armament change.
AAC: Initialism of Anno ante Christum., in the year before Christ.
AAC: Initialism of anti-aircraft command.
AAC: Initialism of area advisory committee.
AAC: Initialism of augmentative and alternative communication.
CPU: Initialism of central processing unit.
CPU: Any character or entity controlled by the game software.
CPU: The main computer case containing the central components of a personal computer.
CPU: Initialism of clinical practice unit.
fun: Amusement, enjoyment or pleasure.
fun: Playful, often noisy, activity.
GPS: Initialism of global positioning system (“satellite navigation system”).
GPS: Ellipsis of GPS receiver.
VHS: A type of videotape originally developed by the Japanese company JVC.
apa: A title used for male clergy or saints in the Coptic Church.
8N1: shorthand for "eight data bits, no parity, one stop bit", the most common configuration for serial lines, e.g. EIA-232.
DVT: Initialism of deep vein thrombosis.
DVT: Initialism of driving van trailer.
fee: A right to the use of a superior's land as a stipend for certain services to be performed, typically military service.
fee: Synonym of fief: the land so held.
fee: An inheritable estate in land held of a feudal lord on condition of performance of certain services, typically military service.
fee: An inheritable estate in land, whether absolute and without limitation to potential heirs (fee simple) or with limitations to particular kinds of heirs (fee tail).
fee: Synonym of possession.
fee: Money paid or bestowed; payment; emolument.
fee: A prize or reward. Only used in the set phrase "A finder's fee" in Modern English.
fee: An additional monetary payment charged for a service or good, especially one that is minor compared to the underlying cost.
net: A mesh of string, cord or rope.
net: A device made from such mesh, used for catching fish, butterflies, etc.
net: A device made from such mesh, generally used for trapping something.
net: Anything that has the appearance of such a device.
net: A trap.
net: Any set of polygons joined edge to edge that, when folded along the edges between adjoining polygons so that the outer edges touch, form a given polyhedron.
net: A system that interconnects a number of users, locations etc. allowing transport or communication between them.
net: A system that interconnects a number of users, locations etc. allowing transport or communication between them.
net: A conductor that interconnects two or more component terminals.
net: A framework backed by a mesh, serving as the goal in hockey, soccer, lacrosse, etc.
net: A mesh stretched to divide the court in tennis, badminton, volleyball, etc.
net: The area of the court close to the net (mesh stretched to divide the court).
net: The amount remaining after expenses are deducted; profit.
oat: Widely cultivated cereal grass, typically Avena sativa.
oat: Any of the numerous species, varieties, or cultivars of any of several similar grain plants in genus Avena.
oat: The seeds of the oat, a grain, harvested as a food crop.
oat: A simple musical pipe made of oat-straw.
oat: The tiniest amount; a whit or jot.
ski: One of a pair of long flat runners designed for gliding over snow or water.
ski: One of a pair of long flat runners under some flying machines, used for landing.
NVQ: Initialism of National Vocational Qualification.
GCE: Initialism of gross conceptual error.
GCE: Initialism of General Certificate of Education.
PDD: Initialism of pervasive developmental disorder.
PDD: Initialism of paraphenylenediamine.
PDD: Initialism of photodynamic diagnosis.
MBD: Initialism of mother's brother's daughter.
MBD: Initialism of model-based definition.
MBD: Initialism of motherboard.
MBD: Initialism of minimal brain damage.
MBD: Initialism of minimal brain disorder.
MBD: Initialism of minimal brain dysfunction.
MBD: Initialism of mosquito-borne disease.
MBD: Initialism of model-based development.
MBD: Initialism of model-based testing.
ADD: Initialism of attention deficit disorder.
ADD: Initialism of accidental death and dismemberment.
ADD: A designation on prerecorded compact discs indicating that the contents were recorded in analog but mixed and mastered in digital; compare AAD, DAD, DDD.
REM: Initialism of rapid eye movement.
REM: Initialism of remaining time.
REM: A remark (programming language statement used for documentation).
REM: Abbreviation of rare earth metal..
REM: Abbreviation of reactive electrochemical membrane.
MRI: Initialism of magnetic resonance imaging.
ppm: (common) Parts per million. (10000 ppm = 1%)
ppm: page(s) per minute
dan: A title of honour or respect similar to "master" or "Sir", used of historical and legendary figures of the past.
dan: A small truck or sledge used in coal mines.
dan: A rank of black belt in martial arts.
dan: Someone who has achieved a level of black belt.
dan: Synonym of picul: a traditional unit of weight and mass.
dan: A dan buoy.
LSD: Initialism of £sd. (pounds, shillings, pence)
LSD: Initialism of lysergic acid diethylamide.
LSD: Initialism of Lake Shore Drive (freeway in Chicago).
LSD: Initialism of long slow distance (training method of long-distance running).
LSD: Initialism of longshore drift (geological process by which sediments move along a beach shore).
LSD: Initialism of limited-slip differential.
LSD: Initialism of lumpy skin disease.
roe: The eggs of fish.
roe: The sperm of certain fish.
roe: The ovaries of certain crustaceans.
roe: Short for roe deer.
roe: A mottled appearance of light and shade in wood, especially in mahogany.
xor: The logic function exclusive OR (as opposed to inclusive OR), whose output is true only when exactly one of its inputs is true.
sai: A handheld weapon with three prongs, used in some Oriental martial arts.
sai: A sajou; a capuchin (monkey).
sai: shit
tee: The name of the Latin-script letter T.
tee: Something shaped like the letter T.
tee: T-shirt.
tee: The process of redirecting output to multiple destinations.
tee: A flat area of ground from which players hit their first shots on a golf hole.
tee: A usually wooden or plastic peg from which a ball is kicked or hit.
tee: The target area of a curling rink
tee: The mark at which players aim in quoits.
tee: A finial resembling an umbrella, crowning a dagoba in Indochinese countries.
RNA: Initialism of ribonucleic acid.
bob: A bobbing motion; a quick up and down movement.
bob: A curtsy.
bob: A bobber (buoyant fishing device).
bob: Any of various hesperiid butterflies.
bob: A bob haircut.
bob: Any round object attached loosely to a flexible line, a rod, a body part etc., so that it may swing when hanging from it.
bob: The dangling mass of a pendulum or plumb line.
bob: The docked tail of a horse.
bob: A short line ending a stanza of a poem.
bob: The short runner of a sled.
bob: A bobsleigh.
bob: A small wheel, made of leather, with rounded edges, used in polishing spoons, etc.
bob: A working beam in a steam engine.
bob: A particular style of ringing changes on bells.
bob: A blow; a shake or jog; a rap, as with the fist.
bob: A knot or short curl of hair; also, a bob wig.
bob: The refrain of a song.
bob: A jeer; a sharp jest or taunt.
bob: A shilling.
bob: A 10-cent coin.
bob: An unspecified amount of money.
bob: Abbreviation of shishkabob.
bob: A graphical element, resembling a hardware sprite, that can be blitted around the screen in large numbers.
ish: The letter which stands for the sh sound /ʃ/ in Pitman shorthand.
ish: An instalment of a periodical; an issue.
ish: Shit.
Joe: A male; a guy; a fellow.
gum: The flesh around the teeth.
gum: Any of various viscous or sticky substances that are exuded by certain plants.
gum: Any viscous or sticky substance resembling those that are exuded by certain plants.
gum: Chewing gum.
gum: A single piece of chewing gum.
gum: A gummi candy.
gum: A hive made of a section of a hollow gum tree; hence, any roughly made hive.
gum: A vessel or bin made from a hollow log.
gum: A rubber overshoe.
gum: A gum tree.
uni: University.
uni: Sea urchin eaten as sushi.
orb: A spherical body; a sphere, especially one of the celestial spheres; a sun, planet, or star
orb: One of the azure transparent spheres conceived by the ancients to be enclosed one within another, and to carry the heavenly bodies in their revolutions
orb: A structural motif or finial in the shape of a sphere
orb: An orbit of an heavenly body
orb: The time period of an orbit
orb: The eye, seen as a luminous and spherical entity
orb: Any revolving circular body, such as a wheel
orb: A sphere of action.
orb: A globus cruciger; a ceremonial sphere used to represent royal or imperial power
orb: A translucent sphere appearing in flash photography (Orb (optics))
orb: A body of soldiers drawn up in a circle, as for defence, especially infantry to repel cavalry.
orb: Amount of deviation from the closest perfect aspect.
orb: A blank window or panel.
oni: A Japanese evil spirit or demon.
nor: Alternative form of NOR
nap: A short period of sleep, especially one during the day.
nap: A soft or fuzzy surface, generally on fabric or leather.
nap: The common direction, on some kinds of fabric, of the hairs making up the pile.
nap: A type of bet in British horse racing, based on the experts' best tips.
nap: A card game in which players take tricks; properly Napoleon.
nap: A bid to take five tricks in the card game Napoleon.
nap: A cup, bowl.
PSP: Initialism of phenolsulfonphthalein.
PSP: Initialism of PlayStation Portable.
PSP: Initialism of Program Segment Prefix.
PSP: Initialism of postsynaptic potential.
PSP: Initialism of progressive supranuclear palsy.
PSP: Initialism of pre-shipment photo.
sad: Alternative form of saad (“Arabic letter”)
und: A wave.
und: A billow- or wave-like marking.
use: The act of using.
use: The act of consuming alcohol or narcotics.
use: Usefulness, benefit.
use: A function; a purpose for which something may be employed.
use: Occasion or need to employ; necessity.
use: Interest for lent money; premium paid for the use of something; usury.
use: Continued or repeated practice; usage; habit.
use: Common occurrence; ordinary experience.
use: A special form of a rite adopted for use in a particular context, often a diocese.
use: A slab of iron welded to the side of a forging, such as a shaft, near the end, and afterward drawn down, by hammering, so as to lengthen the forging.
ani: Any bird of the genus Crotophaga in the cuckoo family.
pap: Food in the form of a soft paste, often a porridge, especially as given to very young children.
pap: Nonsense; pablum.
pap: Porridge.
pap: Support from official patronage.
pap: The pulp of fruit.
pap: A female breast or nipple.
pap: A man's breast.
pap: A rounded, nipple-like hill or peak.
pap: Alternative letter-case form of Pap (“Pap smear”).
pap: Clipping of paparazzo.
pap: Pa; father.
maj: Alternative form of maj.
hat: A covering for the head, often in the approximate form of a cone, dome or cylinder closed at its top end, and sometimes having a brim and other decoration.
hat: A particular role or capacity that a person might fill.
hat: Any receptacle from which numbers/names are pulled out in a lottery.
hat: Any receptacle from which numbers/names are pulled out in a lottery.
hat: The lottery or draw itself.
hat: A hat switch.
hat: The háček symbol.
hat: The caret symbol ^.
hat: User rights on a website, such as the right to edit pages others cannot.
hat: A student who is also the son of a nobleman (and so allowed to wear a hat instead of a mortarboard).
hoe: An agricultural tool consisting of a long handle with a flat blade fixed perpendicular to it at the end, used for digging rows.
hoe: Alternative spelling of ho (“whore, prostitute”).
hoe: A piece of land that juts out towards the sea; a promontory.
hoe: The horned or piked dogfish, Squalus acanthias.
fry: A fried piece of cut potato.
fry: A meal of fried sausages, bacon, eggs, etc.
fry: The liver of a lamb.
fry: A lamb or calf testicle.
fry: A state of excitement.
fry: Young fish; fishlings.
fry: Offspring; progeny; children; brood.
fry: A swarm, especially of something small.
fry: The spawn of frogs.
fry: A kind of sieve.
fry: A drain.
dir: Abbreviation of direction.
dir: Abbreviation of directory.
dir: Abbreviation of director.
ipé: Alternative spelling of ipe
PDB: Initialism of protein data bank.
PDB: Initialism of President's Daily Briefing or President's Daily Brief or President's Daily Bulletin.
ipe: A type of wood of the genus Tabebuia, similar to teak, used for outdoor decking and furniture.
PRC: Initialism of planning review committee.
PRC: Initialism of protocol Review Committee.
PRC: Initialism of Preschool Referral Committee.
PRC: Initialism of Private Commercial Organisation.
PRC: Initialism of personal radio communications (e.g. the PRC-77 portable secure FM radio set.)
PRC: Initialism of Police Record Check.
PRC: A person from the People's Republic of China, especially in contrast to native-born Singaporean Chinese.
bum: The buttocks.
bum: The anus.
bum: A homeless person, usually a man.
bum: A lazy, incompetent, or annoying person, usually a man.
bum: A player or racer who often performs poorly.
bum: A drinking spree.
bum: A humming noise.
bum: A bumbailiff.
hyp: Hypochondria.
hyp: Hypnotism.
hyp: A hypnotist.
hyp: A hypotenuse.
hyp: Alternative form of hype (“hypodermic [needle]”)
apt: An apartment; a flat.
PEI: Abbreviation of polyethyleneimine.
PEI: Initialism of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency.
bar: A solid, more or less rigid object of metal or wood with a uniform cross-section smaller than its length.
bar: A solid metal object with uniform (round, square, hexagonal, octagonal or rectangular) cross-section; in the US its smallest dimension is ¹⁄₄ inch or greater, a piece of thinner material being called a strip.
bar: A cuboid piece of any solid commodity.
bar: A broad shaft, band, or stripe.
bar: A long, narrow drawn or printed rectangle, cuboid or cylinder, especially as used in a bar code or a bar chart.
bar: Any of various lines used as punctuation or diacritics, such as the pipe ⟨|⟩, fraction bar (as in 12), and strikethrough (as in Ⱥ), formerly (obsolete) including oblique marks such as the slash.
bar: The sign indicating that the characteristic of a logarithm is negative, conventionally placed above the digit(s) to show that it applies to the characteristic only and not to the mantissa.
bar: A similar sign indicating that the charge on a particle is the negative of its usual value (and that consequently the particle is in fact an antiparticle).
bar: A business selling alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises, or the premises themselves; a public house.
bar: The counter of such premises.
bar: A counter, or simply a cabinet, from which alcoholic drinks are served in a private house or a hotel room.
bar: Premises or a counter serving any type of beverage.
bar: An informal establishment selling food to be consumed on the premises.
bar: An establishment offering cosmetic services.
bar: An official order or pronouncement that prohibits some activity.
bar: Anything that obstructs, hinders, or prevents; an obstruction; a barrier.
bar: A metasyntactic variable representing an unspecified entity, often the second in a series, following foo.
bar: A dividing line (physical or notional) in the chamber of a legislature beyond which only members and officials may pass.
bar: The railing surrounding the part of a courtroom in which the judges, lawyers, defendants and witnesses stay.
bar: The bar exam, the legal licensing exam.
bar: Collectively, lawyers or the legal profession; specifically applied to barristers in some countries, but including all lawyers in others.
bar: One of an array of bar-shaped symbols that display the level of something, such as wireless signal strength or battery life remaining.
bar: A vertical line across a musical staff dividing written music into sections, typically of equal durational value.
bar: One of those musical sections.
bar: A horizontal pole that must be crossed in the high jump and pole vault.
bar: Any level of achievement regarded as a challenge to be overcome.
bar: The crossbar.
bar: The central divider between the inner and outer table of a backgammon board, where stones are placed if they are hit.
bar: An addition to a military medal, on account of a subsequent act.
bar: A linear shoaling landform feature within a body of water.
bar: A ridge or succession of ridges of sand or other substance, especially a formation extending across the mouth of a river or harbor or off a beach, and which may obstruct navigation. (FM 55-501).
bar: One of the ordinaries in heraldry; a diminutive of a fess.
bar: A city gate, in some British place names.
bar: A drilling or tamping rod.
bar: A vein or dike crossing a lode.
bar: A gatehouse of a castle or fortified town.
bar: The part of the crust of a horse's hoof which is bent inwards towards the frog at the heel on each side, and extends into the centre of the sole.
bar: The space between the tusks and grinders in the upper jaw of a horse, in which the bit is placed.
bar: A measure of drugs, typically one ounce.
bar: A complimentary reference to a rapper's lyrics, especially when good.
bar: A non-SI unit of pressure equal to 100,000 pascals, approximately equal to atmospheric pressure at sea level.
ufo: A UFO.
PIE: Initialism of public-interest entity.
oak: A deciduous tree with distinctive deeply lobed leaves, acorns, and notably strong wood, typically of England and northeastern North America, included in genus Quercus.
oak: The wood of the oak.
oak: A rich brown colour, like that of oak wood.
oak: Any tree of the genus Quercus, in family Fagaceae.
oak: Any tree of other genera and species of trees resembling typical oaks of genus Quercus in some ways.
oak: The she-oaks in Allocasuarina and Casuarina, of family Casuarinaceae
oak: Any tree of other genera and species of trees resembling typical oaks of genus Quercus in some ways.
oak: Lagunaria, white oak, in family Malvaceae
oak: Any tree of other genera and species of trees resembling typical oaks of genus Quercus in some ways.
oak: Various species called silky oak, in family Proteaceae
oak: Any tree of other genera and species of trees resembling typical oaks of genus Quercus in some ways.
oak: Toxicodendron, poison oak, in family Anacardiaceae
oak: Any tree of other genera and species of trees resembling typical oaks of genus Quercus in some ways.
oak: Various tanbark oak or stone oak species in family Fagaceae, genera Lithocarpus and Notholithocarpus.
oak: The outer (lockable) door of a set of rooms in a college or similar institution. (Often in the phrase sport one's oak.)
oak: The flavor of oak.
che: The letter Ч, ч.
pax: A painted, stamped or carved tablet with a representation of Christ or the Virgin Mary, which was kissed by the priest during the Mass ("kiss of peace") and then passed to other officiating clergy and the congregation to be kissed. See also osculatory.
pax: Friendship; truce.
pax: The kiss of peace.
pax: A crucifix, a tablet with the image of Christ on the cross upon it, or a reliquary.
pax: A passenger; passengers.
pax: A guest (at an event or function).
pax: A restaurant guest, when counting; person.
nox: millilux (unit of illuminance)
nox: Alternative form of NOx (nitrogen oxides)
nox: Abbreviation of nitrous oxide.
rok: Alternative form of roc
cab: Compartment at the front of a truck or train for the driver.
cab: Shelter at the top of an air traffic control tower or fire lookout tower.
cab: Any of several four-wheeled carriages; a cabriolet.
cab: Synonym of taxi
cab: A former Hebrew unit of volume, about equal to 1.3 L as a dry measure or 1.25 L as a liquid measure.
cab: An arcade cabinet, the unit in which a video game is housed in a gaming arcade.
cab: Alternative form of CAB; Clipping of cabinet file.; a compress library archive file.
cab: Alternative form of Cab
sub: Abbreviation of submarine.
sub: Short for submarine sandwich.: a sandwich made on a long bun.
sub: A submersible
sub: Clipping of substitute., often in sports or teaching.
sub: A subtitle.
sub: A subroutine (sometimes one that does not return a value, as distinguished from a function, which does).
sub: A subeditor.
sub: A subcontractor.
sub: A subwoofer.
sub: A submission (of a work for publication).
sub: A submissive.
sub: A subordinate.
sub: A subaltern.
sub: A subscription (or (by extension) a subscriber) to an online channel or feed.
sub: Subsistence money: part of a worker's wages paid before the work is finished.
sub: Short for subreddit.
pro: An advantage of something, especially when contrasted with its disadvantages (cons).
pro: A person who supports a concept or principle.
pro: A professional sportsman.
pro: Professional.
pro: A prostitute.
pro: A proproctor.
pro: A chemical prophylaxis taken after sex to avoid contracting venereal disease.
gib: A castrated male cat or ferret.
gib: A male cat; a tomcat.
gib: A hooked prolongation on the lower jaw of a male salmon or trout.
gib: A strip, wedge, or bolt made from metal or wood and used for holding a machine part in place; usually with features (such as a taper and/or set screws) that allow for fine adjustment of the part's position.
gib: Miscellaneous pieces of a fragged character, most often in first-person shooters.
gib: plasterboard.
off: Beginning; starting point.
æsc: The symbol Æ, æ.
cap: A close-fitting hat, either brimless or peaked.
cap: A special hat to indicate rank, occupation, etc.
cap: An academic mortarboard.
cap: A protective cover or seal.
cap: A crown for covering a tooth.
cap: The summit of a mountain, etc.
cap: An artificial upper limit or ceiling.
cap: The top part of a mushroom.
cap: A small amount of percussive explosive in a paper strip or plastic cup for use in a toy gun.
cap: A small explosive device used to detonate a larger charge of explosives.
cap: A bullet used to shoot someone.
cap: A lie or exaggeration.
cap: A place on a national team; an international appearance.
cap: The top, or uppermost part; the chief.
cap: A respectful uncovering of the head.
cap: The whole top of the head of a bird from the base of the bill to the nape of the neck.
cap: The uppermost of any assemblage of parts.
cap: Something covering the top or end of a thing for protection or ornament.
cap: A collar of iron or wood used in joining spars, as the mast and the topmast, the bowsprit and the jib boom; also, a covering of tarred canvas at the end of a rope.
cap: A portion of a spherical or other convex surface.
cap: A large size of writing paper.
cap: Capitalization.
cap: An uppercase or capital letter.
cap: A capacitor.
cap: A recording or screenshot.
cap: A capsule of a drug.
cap: A capitalist.
cap: capillary
cap: A wooden drinking-bowl with two handles.
keg: A round, traditionally wooden container of lesser capacity than a barrel, often used to store beer.
nay: A vote against.
nay: A person who voted against.
nay: A denial; a refusal.
zed: The name of the Latin-script letter Z.
zed: Something Z-shaped.
zed: Sleep.
zed: A zombie.
med: Medications, especially prescribed psychoactive medications.
med: Short for medicine. (as an academic subject)
zap: A sound made by a sudden release of electricity or some similar energy.
zap: An electric shock.
zap: A raucous public demonstration designed to embarrass a public figure or celebrity as a form of political activism.
zap: The act of heating something in a microwave oven.
fab: A manufacturing plant which fabricates items, particularly silicon chips.
veg: vegetable(s).
veg: vegetarian food.
veg: A unit of subjective weight, equivalent to the perceived weight of lifting 100 grams.
zee: The name of the Latin-script letter Z.
zee: Something Z-shaped. Found in compounds.
zee: Sleep.
yay: Cocaine (powder or crack).
lab: A laboratory.
lab: Laboratory experiment, test, investigation or result.
lab: A Labrador retriever.
cad: A low-bred, presuming person; a mean, vulgar fellow, especially one that cannot be trusted with a lady.
cad: A person who stands at the door of an omnibus to open and shut it, and to receive fares; a bus conductor.
cad: An idle hanger-on about innyards.
kit: A circular wooden vessel, made of hooped staves.
kit: A kind of basket made especially from straw of rushes, especially for holding fish; by extension, the contents of such a basket or similar container, used as a measure of weight.
kit: A collection of items forming the equipment of a soldier, carried in a knapsack.
kit: Any collection of items needed for a specific purpose, especially for use by a workman, or personal effects packed for travelling.
kit: A collection of parts sold for the buyer to assemble.
kit: The standard set of clothing, accessories and equipment worn by players.
kit: Clothing.
kit: A full software distribution, as opposed to a patch or upgrade.
kit: The set of skills and abilities chosen for a playable character.
kit: A drum kit.
kit: The whole set; kit and caboodle.
kit: A kitten (young cat).
kit: A kit fox.
kit: A young beaver.
kit: A young skunk.
kit: A young ferret.
kit: A young rabbit.
kit: A young weasel
kit: Synonym of kit violin
kit: A school of pigeons, especially domesticated, trained pigeons.
nab: The summit of a hill.
nab: The cock of a gunlock.
nab: The keeper, or box into which the lock is shot.
aah: Expression of amazement, surprise, enthusiasm, or fear.
aah: Expression of joy and/or pleasure.
aah: The exclamation aah.
dab: A soft tap or blow; a blow or peck from a bird's beak; an aimed blow.
dab: A soft, playful box given in greeting or approval.
dab: A small amount, a blob of some soft or wet substance.
dab: A small amount, a blob of some soft or wet substance.
dab: A small amount of hash oil.
dab: Fingerprint.
dab: A hip hop dance move in which the dancer simultaneously drops the head while raising an arm, briefly resting their face in the elbow, as if sneezing into their elbow.
dab: A dabbler.
dab: One skilful or proficient; an expert; an adept.
dab: A small flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae, especially Limanda limanda; a flounder.
dab: A sand dab, a small flatfish of genus Citharichthys.
yob: A boy.
yob: A person who engages in antisocial behaviour or drunkenness.
lez: Lesbian.
kea: Nestor notabilis, a parrot of New Zealand.
bun: Senses referring to baked goods.
bun: A small bread roll that is sweetened or spiced.
bun: Senses referring to baked goods.
bun: A bread roll that is served with a savoury filling such as a hamburger or hot dog.
bun: Senses referring to baked goods.
bun: Any bread roll.
bun: Senses referring to baked goods.
bun: A cupcake.
bun: A tight roll of hair worn at the back of the head.
bun: A drunken spree.
bun: A newbie.
bun: A buttock.
bun: The vagina.
bun: A rabbit.
bun: A squirrel.
bun: The scut or tail of a hare.
bun: A dry stalk.
bun: marijuana cigarette, joint
bun: A Korean unit of length equivalent to about 0.3 cm.
jab: A quick stab or blow; a poking or thrusting motion.
jab: A short straight punch.
jab: A medical hypodermic injection (vaccination or inoculation)
jab: A vaccination, whether or not delivered via conventional injection.
jab: A mild verbal insult.
fix: A repair or corrective action.
fix: A difficult situation; a quandary or dilemma; a predicament.
fix: A single dose of a narcotic drug, especially when injected.
fix: A prearrangement of the outcome of a supposedly competitive process, such as a sporting event, a game, an election, a trial, or a bid.
fix: A determination of location.
fix: fettlings (mixture used to line a furnace)
mac: Clipping of mackintosh (“a raincoat”).
mac: Clipping of macaroni.
ord: Abbreviation of order.
ord: Abbreviation of ordinance.
ord: A point.
ord: A point of origin; a beginning.
ord: A point of land; a promontory.
ord: The point or edge of a weapon.
ego: The self, especially with a sense of self-importance.
ego: The most central part of the mind, which mediates with one's surroundings.
ire: Iron.
ire: Great anger; wrath; keen resentment.
ess: The name of the Latin-script letter S.
ess: Something shaped like the letter S. (See esses)
dad: A father, a male parent.
dad: Used to address one's father
dad: Used to address an older adult male
dad: A lump or piece.
dad: A blow; act of striking something.
dad: Alternative form of daad (“Arabic letter ض”)
wai: A Thai greeting wherein the palms are brought together in front of the face or chest, sometimes accompanied with a bow.
abo: An aborigine; aboriginal.
P45: A form that an employee receives when they terminate their employment, detailing income for social security and taxation purposes for the current financial year.
SOB: Initialism of son of a bitch.
SOB: Initialism of shortness of breath.
SOB: Initialism of souls on board.
SOB: Initialism of sum of best.
SOB: Initialism of start of business.
SOB: Initialism of share of business.
kai: food
fad: A phenomenon that becomes popular for a very short time.
ule: A Mexican and Central American tree (Castilla elastica), related to the breadfruit tree, whose milky juice contains caoutchouc.
web: The silken structure which a spider builds using silk secreted from the spinnerets at the caudal tip of its abdomen; a spiderweb.
web: Any interconnected set of persons, places, or things, which, when diagrammed, resembles a spider's web.
web: The part of a baseball mitt between the forefinger and thumb, the webbing.
web: A latticed or woven structure.
web: A tall tale with more complexity than a myth or legend.
web: A plot or scheme.
web: The interconnection between flanges in structural members, increasing the effective lever arm and so the load capacity of the member.
web: The thinner vertical section of a railway rail between the top (head) and bottom (foot) of the rail.
web: A fold of tissue connecting the toes of certain birds, or of other animals.
web: The series of barbs implanted on each side of the shaft of a feather, whether stiff and united together by barbules, as in ordinary feathers, or soft and separate, as in downy feathers.
web: A continuous strip of material carried by rollers during processing.
web: A long sheet of paper which is fed from a roll into a printing press, as opposed to individual sheets of paper.
web: A band of webbing used to regulate the extension of the hood of a carriage.
web: A thin metal sheet, plate, or strip, as of lead.
web: The blade of a sword.
web: A thin metal sheet, plate, or strip, as of lead.
web: The blade of a saw.
web: A thin metal sheet, plate, or strip, as of lead.
web: The thin, sharp part of a colter.
web: A thin metal sheet, plate, or strip, as of lead.
web: The bit of a key.
web: A major broadcasting network.
web: A section of a groin vault, separated by ribs.
web: A cataract of the eye.
mel: A unit of pitch on a scale of pitches perceived by listeners to be equally spaced from one another.
mel: Honey, when used as an ingredient in cosmetic products.
det: Abbreviation of determiner.
det: Abbreviation of detachment.
try: An attempt.
try: An act of tasting or sampling.
try: A score in rugby league and rugby union, analogous to a touchdown in American football.
try: A screen, or sieve, for grain.
try: A field goal or extra point
try: A move that almost solves a chess problem, except that Black has a unique defense.
fax: The hair of the head.
fax: Ellipsis of fax machine.
fax: A document sent, or received and printed by a fax machine.
fax: Nonstandard form of facts.
cru: A vineyard or group of vineyards in France, especially one having a high reputation.
DLS: Initialism of Downloadable Sound Format.
DLS: Duckworth-Lewis-Stern method
olf: A unit measuring the strength of an olfactory pollution source as detected by an average adult in typical conditions.
olf: The European bullfinch.
loa: In the voodoo religion, a spirit intermediary between Bondye (the creator god) and human beings.
nip: A playful bite.
nip: A pinch with the nails or teeth.
nip: Briskly cold weather.
nip: A seizing or closing in upon; a pinching
nip: A small cut, or a cutting off the end.
nip: A more or less gradual thinning out of a stratum.
nip: A blast; a killing of the ends of plants by frost.
nip: A biting sarcasm; a taunt.
nip: A short turn in a rope.
nip: The place of intersection where one roll touches another
nip: A pickpocket.
nip: A small quantity of something edible or a potable liquor.
nip: A nipple, usually of a woman.
nip: A hamburger.
GBA: Initialism of gender-based analysis.
GBA: Initialism of gut-brain axis.
Jap: A Japanese person.
jus: The juices given off as meat is cooked.
jus: A lightly-reduced gravy or stock made from this.
lis: Fleur-de-lis.
lis: The substance of a legal dispute.
LAN: Acronym of local area network.
pow: The sound of a violent impact.
pow: The sound of an explosion.
pow: Alternative form of poll
pow: Clipping of powder (“powder snow”).
ode: A short poetical composition proper to be set to music or sung; a lyric poem; especially, now, a poem characterized by sustained noble sentiment and appropriate dignity of style.
inn: Any establishment where travellers can procure lodging, food, and drink.
inn: A tavern.
inn: One of the colleges (societies or buildings) in London, for students of the law barristers.
inn: The town residence of a nobleman or distinguished person.
inn: A place of shelter; hence, dwelling, residence, abode.
les: Clipping of lesbian.
din: A loud noise; a cacophony or loud commotion.
din: Alternative spelling of deen (“religion, faith, religiosity”).
awn: The bristle or beard of barley, oats, grasses, etc., or any similar bristlelike appendage; arista.
roc: An enormous mythical bird in Eastern legend.
roc: Rocuronium.
awl: A pointed instrument for piercing small holes, as in leather or wood; used by shoemakers, saddlers, cabinetmakers, etc. The blade is differently shaped and pointed for different uses, as in the brad awl, saddler's awl, shoemaker's awl, etc.
awl: Any of various hesperiid butterflies.
aye: An affirmative vote; one who votes in the affirmative.
fra: A title of a friar or monk: brother.
feu: Land held in feudal tenure.
mag: Clipping of magazine.
mag: Clipping of magnet.
mag: Ellipsis of mag wheel.
mag: Clipping of magnitude.
mag: Clipping of magistrate.
mag: Clipping of magnetometer.
mag: A halfpenny.
sec: Second, ¹⁄₆₀ of a minute.
sec: Clipping of second (“short indeterminate period of time”).
sec: Clipping of secretary.
tra: The catfish Pangasianodon hypophthalmus.
pad: A flattened mass of anything soft, to sit or lie on.
pad: A cushion used as a saddle without a tree or frame.
pad: A soft, or small, cushion.
pad: A soft area on the ends of a digit:
pad: A cushion-like thickening of the skin on the under side of the toes of animals.
pad: A soft area on the ends of a digit:
pad: The mostly hairless flesh located on the bottom of an animal's foot or paw.
pad: A soft area on the ends of a digit:
pad: Any cushion-like part of the human body, especially the ends of the fingers.
pad: A stuffed guard or protection, especially one worn on the legs of horses to prevent bruising.
pad: A soft bag or cushion to relieve pressure, support a part, etc.
pad: A menstrual pad; a mass of absorbent material used to absorb menstrual flow.
pad: A floating leaf of a water lily or similar plant.
pad: A soft cover for a batsman's leg that protects the player from damage when hit by the ball.
pad: A kind of cushion for writing upon, or for blotting, especially one formed of many flat sheets of writing paper; now especially such a block of paper sheets as used to write on.
pad: A panel or strip of material designed to be sensitive to pressure or touch.
pad: Ellipsis of keypad.
pad: Ellipsis of mouse pad.
pad: A flat surface or area from which a helicopter or other aircraft may land or be launched.
pad: An electrical extension cord with a multi-port socket on one end; a "trip cord".
pad: The effect produced by sustained lower reed notes in a musical piece, most common in blues music.
pad: A synthesizer instrument sound used for sustained background sounds.
pad: A bed.
pad: A small house, apartment, or mobile home occupied by a single person; such as a bachelor, playboy, etc.
pad: A prison cell.
pad: A random key (originally written on a disposable pad) of the same length as the plaintext.
pad: The amount by which a signal has been reduced.
pad: A piece of timber fixed on a beam to fit the curve of the deck.
pad: A toad.
pad: A path, particularly one unformed or unmaintained; a track made by animals.
pad: An easy-paced horse; a padnag.
pad: A robber who infests the road on foot; a highwayman or footpad.
pad: A tramp or itinerant musician.
pad: A type of wickerwork basket, especially as used as a measure of fish or other goods.
pad: The sound of soft footsteps, or a similar noise made by an animal etc.
WAP: Initialism of Wireless Access Point.
WAP: Initialism of whey acidic protein.
WAP: Initialism of wet-ass pussy.
ave: An Ave Maria.
ave: A reverential salutation.
ave: Abbreviation of avenue.
ave: Abbreviation of average.
tia: Initialism of transient ischemic attack.
fem: Synonym of femme
fem: A feminine or effeminate person.
sup: A sip; a small amount of food or drink.
sup: Superintendent.
sup: Supremum, upper limit.
sup: Supplement.
sup: A supervision.
BRB: Initialism of bevelled-rim bowl or bevel-rimmed bowl: a small, undecorated, mass-produced clay bowl, most commonly from the 4th millennium B.C.
BRB: Initialism of buckling-restrained brace: a structural brace in a building or other structure, designed to allow the building to withstand cyclical lateral loadings.
BRB: Initialism of big red button.
sac: A bag or pouch inside a plant or animal that typically contains a fluid.
sac: A sacrifice.
sac: The privilege, formerly enjoyed by the lord of a manor, of holding courts, trying causes, and imposing fines; now used only in the phrase sac and soc or soc and sac.
par: Abbreviation of paragraph.
par: Abbreviation of parenthesis.
par: Abbreviation of parish.
par: Equal value; equality of nominal and actual value; the value expressed on the face or in the words of a certificate of value, as a bond or other commercial paper.
par: Equality of condition or circumstances.
par: The allotted number of strokes to reach the hole.
par: A hole in which a player achieves par.
par: An amount which is taken as an average or mean.
par: Alternative form of parr (“young salmon”)
mar: A blemish.
mar: A small lake.
mar: Alternative form of mayor and mair.
ch.: Abbreviation of church.
ch.: Abbreviation of chapter.
zho: Alternative spelling of dzo
aba: A coarse, often striped, felted fabric from the Middle East, woven from goat or camel hair.
aba: A loose-fitting sleeveless garment, made from aba or silk, worn by Arabs.
aba: An outer garment made of the above, very simple in form, worn by the Arabs of the desert. The illustration shows such an aba, made of two breadths of stuff sewed together to make an oblong about four by nine feet.
aba: Such a garment that is specific to women.
aba: An altazimuth used for astronomy on either land or water.
aba: The electric fish Gymnarchus niloticus (frankfish, freshwater rat-tail, African knifefish), found in swamps, lakes and rivers in Africa.
dzo: A male hybrid of a yak and a domesticated cow.
yap: The high-pitched bark of a small dog, or similar.
yap: Casual talk; chatter.
yap: The mouth, which produces speech.
yap: A badly behaved child; a brat.
yew: A species of coniferous tree, Taxus baccata, with dark-green flat needle-like leaves and seeds bearing red arils, native to western, central and southern Europe, northwest Africa, northern Iran and southwest Asia.
yew: Any tree or shrub of the genus Taxus.
yew: Other conifers resembling plants in genus Taxus
yew: in family Podocarpaceae
yew: Other conifers resembling plants in genus Taxus
yew: in family Cephalotaxaceae
yew: The wood of the such trees.
yew: A bow for archery, made of yew wood.
pal: A friend, buddy, mate, cobber; someone to hang around with.
pal: An informal term of address, often used ironically in a hostile way.
val: Valium.
fez: A felt hat in the shape of a truncated cone, having a flat top with a tassel attached.
fur: The hairy coat of various mammal species, especially when fine, soft and thick.
fur: The hairy skins of animals used as a material for clothing.
fur: An animal pelt used to make, trim or line clothing.
fur: A garment made of fur.
fur: A coating, lining resembling fur in function and/or appearance.
fur: A thick pile of fabric.
fur: A coating, lining resembling fur in function and/or appearance.
fur: The soft, downy covering on the skin of a peach.
fur: A coating, lining resembling fur in function and/or appearance.
fur: The deposit formed on the interior of boilers and other vessels by hard water.
fur: A coating, lining resembling fur in function and/or appearance.
fur: The layer of epithelial debris on a tongue.
fur: (heraldry) One of several patterns or diapers used as tinctures, such as ermine and vair.
fur: Rabbits and hares, as opposed to partridges and pheasants (called feathers).
fur: A furry; a member of the furry subculture.
fur: Human body hair, especially when abundant.
fur: Pubic hair.
fur: Sexual attractiveness.
des: Desflurane.
bro: brother (a male sibling)
bro: brother (a male comrade or friend; one who shares one’s ideals)
bro: brother used to address a male
bro: frat boy or someone who espouses the fraternity bro culture
orc: Any of several large, ferocious sea creatures, now especially the killer whale.
orc: A mythical evil monstrous humanoid creature, usually quite aggressive and often green.
orc: A Russian soldier or gangster.
pes: the foot of a human
pes: the hoof of a quadruped
pes: clubfoot or talipes
pes: a neume representing two notes ascending
4x4: A piece of timber with a cross section of 4 inches square.
4x4: A four-wheel-drive vehicle with a four-speed transmission.
4x4: A four-wheel vehicle with four-wheel drive.
4x4: Any vehicle with four-wheel drive.
fin: One of the appendages of a fish, used to propel itself and to manoeuvre/maneuver.
fin: A similar appendage of a cetacean or other marine animal.
fin: A thin, rigid component of an aircraft, extending from the fuselage and used to stabilise and steer the aircraft.
fin: A similar structure on the tail of a bomb, used to help keep it on course.
fin: A similar structure on the bottom of a surfboard, used to help steer it.
fin: A hairstyle, resembling the fin of a fish, in which the hair is combed and set into a vertical ridge along the top of the head from about the crown to the forehead.
fin: A device worn by divers and swimmers on their feet.
fin: An extending part on a surface of a radiator, engine, heatsink, etc., used to facilitate cooling.
fin: A sharp raised edge (generally in concrete) capable of damaging a roof membrane or vapor retarder.
fin: The conning tower of a submarine.
fin: a five-pound (£5) note; the sum of five pounds.
fin: a five-dollar bill; the sum of five dollars.
fin: The finish, the end
Sgt: A title added before the name of a sergeant.
dr.: Alternative form of Dr (debitor)
fen: A type of wetland fed by ground water and runoff, containing peat below the waterline, characteristically alkaline.
fen: A unit of currency in China, one-hundredth of a yuan.
fen: a plural of fan used by enthusiasts of science fiction, fantasy, and anime, partly from whimsy and partly to distinguish themselves from fans of sport, etc.
fen: A kind of mildew that grows on hops.
mat: A flat piece of coarse material used for wiping one’s feet, or as a decorative or protective floor covering.
mat: A small flat piece of material used to protect a surface from anything hot or rough; a coaster.
mat: A floor pad to protect athletes.
mat: A thickly tangled mess.
mat: A thin layer of woven, non-woven, or knitted fiber that serves as reinforcement to a material.
mat: A thin surface layer; superficial cover.
mat: Clipping of material.
mat: An alloy of copper, tin, iron, etc.; white metal.
mat: Abbreviation of matinee (“performance at a theater”).
mat: Alternative spelling of matte (“decorative border around a picture”)
mat: Short for matrix.
pod: A seed case for legumes (e.g. peas, beans, peppers); a seedpod.
pod: A small vehicle, especially used in emergency situations.
pod: A bag; a pouch.
pod: A group of whales, dolphins, seals, porpoises or hippopotami.
pod: A group of people who regularly interact.
pod: A small section of a larger office, compartmentalised for a specific purpose.
pod: A subsection of a prison, containing a number of inmates.
pod: A very small room or space for one person to inhabit, as in a capsule hotel.
pod: A nicotine cartridge.
pod: A lie-flat business or first class seat.
pod: A tapered, cylindrical body of ore or minerals.
pod: A straight channel or groove in the body of certain forms of, usually tapered, augers and boring-bits.
pod: Clipping of podcast.
baz: A metasyntactic variable used to stand for some unspecified entity; typically the third in a series after foo and bar.
jak: Alternative form of jack (“the tree Mangifera caesia”)
toy: Something to play with, especially as intended for use by a child.
toy: A thing of little importance or value; a trifle.
toy: A simple, light piece of music, written especially for the virginal.
toy: Short for toy dog.
toy: Love play, amorous dalliance; fondling.
toy: A vague fancy, a ridiculous idea or notion; a whim.
toy: An old story; a silly tale.
toy: A headdress of linen or wool that hangs down over the shoulders, worn by old women of the lower classes; called also toy mutch.
toy: A sex toy (object or device to give sexual pleasure).
toy: An inferior graffiti artist.
toy: A gun.
toy: The penis.
toy: The vagina.
toy: A watch.
toy: A small jar (about an inch across) used to hold prepared opium.
toy: A small ball of opium (about the size of a pea).
dot: A small, round spot.
dot: A punctuation mark used to indicate the end of a sentence or an abbreviated part of a word; a full stop; a period.
dot: A point used as a diacritical mark above or below various letters of the Latin script, as in Ȧ, Ạ, Ḅ, Ḃ, Ċ.
dot: A symbol used for separating the fractional part of a decimal number from the whole part, for indicating multiplication or a scalar product, or for various other purposes.
dot: One of the two symbols used in Morse code.
dot: A lump or clot.
dot: Anything small and like a speck comparatively; a small portion or specimen.
dot: A dot ball.
dot: buckshot, projectile from a "dotty" or shotgun
dot: Clipping of dotty (“shotgun”).
dot: A dowry.
tam: Synonym of tam o'shanter, a type of cap.
tam: Synonym of picul, a unit of weight, particularly in Cantonese contexts.
op.: Opus.
op.: Operation.
op.: Operator.
op.: Operative.
op.: A detective.
op.: An operator's license, usually ops
op.: Opportunity.
Mrs: Abbreviation of Missus or Mistress (used before an adult woman's name or surname, used for any high-status woman without regard to marital status until the 1800s, after which it began to be reserved for married, divorced and widowed women and used with their married surnames)
rye: A grain used extensively in Europe for making bread, beer, and (now generally) for animal fodder.
rye: The grass Secale cereale from which the grain is obtained.
rye: Rye bread.
rye: Rye whiskey.
rye: A drink of rye.
rye: Caraway (from the mistaken assumption that the whole seeds, often used to season rye bread, are the rye itself)
rye: Ryegrass, any of the species of Lolium.
rye: A disease of hawks.
wey: An old English measure of weight containing 224 pounds; equivalent to 2 hundredweight.
EDT: Abbreviation of ethanedithiol.
EDT: Initialism of evidential decision theory.
EDT: Initialism of enumerated data type.
tey: An English measure of length for rope, perhaps equivalent to the fathom.
4WD: Initialism of four-wheel drive.
ala: A wing or winglike anatomic process or part, especially of bone.
ala: The flattened border of some stems, fruits, and seeds, or one of the two side petals of certain flowers in the pea family.
ala: In ancient Rome, a small room opening into a larger room or courtyard.
WAN: Acronym of wide area network.
SKU: Initialism of stock-keeping unit.
TNT: Initialism of trinitrotoluene. (an explosive substance used in blasting)
TNT: dynamite
TNT: An illegal immigrant.
ill: Trouble; distress; misfortune; adversity.
ill: Harm or injury.
ill: Evil; moral wrongfulness.
ill: A physical ailment; an illness.
ill: PCP, phencyclidine.
BOM: Acronym of bill of materials.
BOM: Acronym of byte order mark.
BOM: Acronym of business-office must. (a story that must be published at the behest of the publication's business office)
BOM: Initialism of Book of Mormon.
eff: Alternative form of ef; the name of the Latin-script letter F.
NCG: Initialism of new college graduate.
bin: A box, frame, crib, or enclosed place, used as a storage container.
bin: A container for rubbish or waste.
bin: Any of the discrete intervals in a histogram, etc
bin: Any of the fixed-size chunks into which airspace is divided for the purposes of radar.
bin: Jail or prison.
bin: Short for loony bin (“lunatic asylum”).
bin: son of; equivalent to Hebrew בן (ben).
bin: Clipping of binary.
hip: The outward-projecting parts of the pelvis and top of the femur and the overlying tissue.
hip: The inclined external angle formed by the intersection of two sloping roof planes.
hip: In a bridge truss, the place where an inclined end post meets the top chord.
hip: A drug addict, especially someone addicted to a narcotic like heroin.
hip: The fruit of a rose.
moa: Any of several species of large, extinct, flightless birds of the family Dinornithidae that were native to New Zealand; until its extinction, one species was the largest bird in the world.
moa: An extremely tall individual.
eek: A face.
tag: A small label.
tag: A children's chasing game in which one player (known as "it") attempts to touch another, who then becomes "it".
tag: A skin tag, an excrescence of skin.
tag: A type of cardboard.
tag: Graffiti in the form of a stylized signature particular to the artist.
tag: A dangling lock of sheep's wool, matted with dung; a dung tag.
tag: An attribution in narrated dialogue (eg, "he said") or attributed words (e.g. "he thought").
tag: The last line (or last two lines) of a song's chorus that is repeated to indicate the end of the song.
tag: The last scene of a TV program, often focusing on the program's subplot.
tag: A vehicle number plate; a medal bearing identification data (animals, soldiers).
tag: An instance of touching the baserunner with the ball or the ball in a gloved hand to rule him "out."
tag: A piece of markup representing an element in a markup language.
tag: A keyword, term, or phrase associated with or assigned to data, media, and/or information enabling keyword-based classification; often used to categorize content.
tag: Any slight appendage, as to an article of dress; something slight hanging loosely.
tag: A metallic binding, tube, or point, at the end of a string, or lace, to stiffen it.
tag: The end, or catchword, of an actor's speech; cue.
tag: Something mean and paltry; the rabble.
tag: A sheep in its first year.
tag: Any short peptide sequence artificially attached to proteins mostly in order to help purify, solubilize or visualize these proteins.
tag: A person's name.
tag: A decoration drawn over some Hebrew letters in Jewish scrolls.
ita: A kind of palm tree (Mauritia flexuosa), growing near the Orinoco.
Tim: A Catholic.
Tim: A supporter of the Scottish football team Celtic F.C..
reg: A regular.
reg: A regulation.
reg: registrar
reg: registration
reg: registry
reg: A hard surface of rock fragments set in a sandy matrix, found in some hot deserts; regolith, stony desert.
TIM: Initialism of trans-identified male.
TIM: Initialism of time interval meter.
TIM: Initialism of triosephosphateisomerase.
TIM: Abbreviation of time-in-minutes.
TIM: Translocon on Inner cellular Membrane
pus: A whitish-yellow or yellow substance composed primarily of dead white blood cells and dead pyogenic bacteria; normally found in regions of bacterial infection.
tot: A small child.
tot: A measure of spirits, especially rum.
tot: Ellipsis of tater tot.
tot: A small cup, usually made of tin.
tot: A foolish fellow.
tot: A total, an addition of a long column of figures.
hwy: Abbreviation of highway.
col: A dip on a mountain ridge between two peaks.
col: A pressure region between two anticyclones and two low-pressure regions.
col: Clipping of column.
col: Abbreviation of color.
yea: An affirmative vote, usually but not always spoken
fig: The fruit of the fig tree, pear-shaped and containing many small seeds.
fig: A fruit-bearing tree or shrub of the genus Ficus that is native mainly to the tropics.
fig: The value of a fig, practically nothing; a fico; a whit.
fig: The Lady Finger banana, also known as the "fig banana". (Cultivar of Musa acuminata.)
fig: A raisin (dried grape).
fig: A small piece of tobacco.
fig: Abbreviation of figure (“diagram or illustration”).
fig: A person's figure; dress or appearance.
fig: The piece of ginger root used in figging.
tun: A large cask; an oblong vessel bulging in the middle, like a pipe or puncheon, and girt with hoops; a wine cask. (See a diagram comparing cask sizes.)
tun: A fermenting vat.
tun: A traditional unit of liquid measure equal to 252 wine gallons or 2 pipes.
tun: Synonym of long ton: a unit of mass equal to 2240 pounds, 20 hundredweights of 112 pounds avoirdupois each.
tun: Synonym of ton: any extremely or excessively large amount.
tun: Synonym of drunkard: a person who drinks excessively.
tun: Any shell belonging to Tonna and allied genera.
tun: The cryptobiotic state of a tardigrade, when its metabolism is temporarily suspended.
tun: A part of the ancient Maya Long Count Calendar system which corresponds to 18 winal cycles or 360 days.
bud: A newly sprouted leaf or blossom that has not yet unfolded.
bud: Something that has begun to develop.
bud: A small rounded body in the process of splitting from an organism, which may grow into a genetically identical new organism.
bud: Potent cannabis taken from the flowering part of the plant (the "bud"), or marijuana generally.
bud: Cannabis that has been taken from the flowering part of the plant intended to be smoked.
bud: Potent cannabis taken from the flowering part of the plant (the "bud"), or marijuana generally.
bud: Marijuana.
bud: Potent cannabis taken from the flowering part of the plant (the "bud"), or marijuana generally.
bud: A weaned calf in its first year, so called because the horns are then beginning to bud.
bud: A pretty young girl.
bud: Buddy, friend.
bud: used to address a male
bay: A berry.
bay: Laurus nobilis, a tree or shrub of the family Lauraceae, having dark green leaves and berries.
bay: Bay leaf, the leaf of this or certain other species of tree or shrub, used as a herb.
bay: The leaves of this shrub, woven into a garland used to reward a champion or victor; hence, fame, victory.
bay: A tract covered with bay trees.
bay: A kind of mahogany obtained from Campeche in Mexico.
bay: A body of water (especially the sea) more-or-less three-quarters surrounded by land.
bay: A bank or dam to keep back water.
bay: An opening in a wall, especially between two columns.
bay: An internal recess; a compartment or area surrounded on three sides.
bay: The distance between two supports in a vault or building with a pitched roof.
bay: Each of the spaces, port and starboard, between decks, forward of the bitts, in sailing warships.
bay: A bay platform.
bay: A bay window.
bay: The excited howling of dogs when hunting or being attacked.
bay: The climactic confrontation between hunting-dogs and their prey.
bay: A state of being obliged to face an antagonist or a difficulty, when escape has become impossible.
bay: A brown colour/color of the coat of some horses.
bay: A horse of this color.
vet: A veterinarian or veterinary surgeon.
vet: A veteran (a former soldier or other member of armed forces).
wig: A head of real or synthetic hair worn on the head to disguise baldness, for cultural or religious reasons, for fashion, or by actors to help them better resemble the character they are portraying.
wig: A bigwig
wig: An old seal.
jar: An earthenware container, either with two or no handles, for holding oil, water, wine, etc., or used for burial.
jar: A small, approximately cylindrical container, normally made of clay or glass, for holding fruit, preserves, etc., or for ornamental purposes.
jar: A jar and its contents; as much as fills such a container; a jarful.
jar: A pint glass
jar: A glass of beer or cider, served by the pint.
jar: A clashing or discordant set of sounds, particularly with a quivering or vibrating quality.
jar: A quivering or vibrating movement or sensation resulting from something being shaken or struck.
jar: A sense of alarm or dismay.
jar: The effect of something contradictory or discordant; a clash.
jar: A disagreement, a dispute, a quarrel; (uncountable) contention, discord; quarrelling.
gad: One who roams about idly; a gadabout.
gad: A greedy and/or stupid person.
gad: A goad, a sharp-pointed rod for driving cattle, horses, etc, or one with a whip or thong on the end for the same purpose.
gad: A rod or stick, such as a fishing rod or a measuring rod.
gad: A pointed metal tool for breaking or chiselling rock.
gad: A metal bar.
gad: An indeterminate measure of metal produced by a furnace, sometimes equivalent to a bloom weighing around 100 pounds.
gad: A spike on a gauntlet; a gadling.
res: Clipping of reservation or reserve.
res: Clipping of residence.
res: Clipping of resolution (of a computer display or image).
res: Clipping of reservoir (from computer water cooling).
res: Clipping of resurrection.
BSc: Abbreviation of Bachelor of Science.
ion: An atom or group of atoms bearing an electrical charge, such as the sodium and chlorine atoms in a salt solution.
lei: A garland of flowers in Hawaii.
CFO: Initialism of chief financial officer.
CFO: Initialism of cottage food operation.
CFO: Initialism of collateralized fund obligation.
rap: A sharp blow with something hard.
rap: Blame for something.
rap: A casual talk.
rap: Rap music.
rap: A song, verse, or instance of singing in the style of rap music.
rap: An appraisal.
rap: A positive appraisal; a recommendation.
rap: A lea or skein of yarn that forms the standard length taken from the reel, 80 yards of worsted or 120 yards of silk or cotton.
rap: Any of the tokens that passed current for a halfpenny in Ireland in the early part of the eighteenth century; any coin of trifling value.
rap: A whit; a jot.
rap: Acronym of record of arrest and prosecution.
rap: A charge, whether or not it results in a conviction.
guy: An effigy of a man burned on a bonfire on the anniversary of the Gunpowder Plot (5th November).
guy: A person of eccentric appearance or dress; a "fright".
guy: A man or boy, fellow.
guy: A person (see usage notes).
guy: character, personality (not referring to an actual person, but assigning personality to the referent)
guy: Buster, Mack, fella, bud, man.
guy: Thing, item (term that can be used to refer to any entity)
guy: A guide; a leader or conductor.
guy: A support rope or cable used to aid in hoisting or lowering.
guy: A support to secure or steady structures prone to shift their position or be carried away (e.g. the mast of a ship or a suspension bridge).
eke: An addition.
eke: A small stand on which a beehive is placed.
eke: A spacer put between or over or under hive parts to make more space.
DIY: Initialism of do it yourself.
leu: The unit of currency of Romania, equal to one hundred bani.
leu: The unit of currency of Moldova, equal to one hundred bani.
ark: A large box with a flat lid.
ark: Noah's ark: the ship built by Noah to save his family and a collection of animals from the deluge.
ark: Something affording protection; safety, shelter, refuge.
ark: The body as a vessel.
ark: A spacious type of boat with a flat bottom.
ark: The Ark of the Covenant.
ark: A decorated cabinet at the front of a synagogue, in which Torah scrolls are kept.
mix: The result of mixing two or more substances; a mixture.
mix: The result of combining items normally kept separate.
mix: The result of mixing several tracks.
mix: The finished version of a recording.
mix: A substance used to dilute or adulterate an illicit drug.
MIE: Initialism of minimally invasive education.
YTD: Initialism of year to date.
yen: The unit of Japanese currency (symbol: ¥) since 1871, divided into 100 sen.
yen: A coin or note worth one yen.
yen: A strong desire, urge, or yearning.
yen: Opium.
coz: cousin (usually as a term of address)
sov: Pound sterling.
sov: A sovereign (former gold coin).
spy: A person who secretly watches and examines the actions of other individuals or organizations and gathers information on them (usually to gain an advantage).
spy: A defensive player assigned to cover an offensive backfield player man-to-man when they are expected to engage in a running play, but the offensive player does not run with the ball immediately.
sax: A slate-cutter’s hammer; slate-ax.
sax: A knife or sword; a dagger about 50 cm (20 inches) in length.
sax: Clipping of saxophone.
pic: A picture, especially a photographic image.
pic: A movie.
pic: A Turkish cloth measure, varying from 18 to 28 inches.
NGN: Initialism of next generation networking.
Abe: A five-dollar bill.
RDO: Initialism of regular day off (an official public holiday)
RMA: Initialism of return merchandise authorization.
RMA: Initialism of recruit master-at-arms; also RMAA.
lav: Clipping of lavatory.
lav: Clipping of lavalier.
ref: Clipping of referee.
ref: Abbreviation of reference.
ref: Abbreviation of refectory.
ref: refrigerator.
gob: A lump of soft or sticky material.
gob: Saliva or phlegm.
gob: A whoopee pie.
gob: The mouth.
gob: Waste material in old mine workings, goaf.
gob: A sailor.
wry: Distortion.
amp: Short for ampere.
amp: Short for amplifier.
amp: Short for ampoule.
amp: Short for amputee.
amp: Short for ampicillin.
amp: Short for ampersand.
haw: Fruit of the hawthorn.
haw: A hedge.
haw: Something that has little value or importance; a whit or jot.
haw: The third eyelid, or nictitating membrane.
haw: A disease of the nictitating membrane.
auk: Any of several species of Arctic sea birds of the family Alcidae.
cox: A coxswain of a boat, especially of a racing crew.
bor: boy
dow: Alternative form of dhow (“sailing vessel”)
dow: Obsolete form of dove (“pigeon”).
dow: Alternative form of dah (“Burmese knife”)
emo: A particular style of hardcore punk rock
emo: An individual of people associated with that subculture and musical style.
emo: Any form of guitar-driven alternative rock that is particularly or notably emotional
emo: An individual of people associated with a fashion or stereotype of that style of rock.
emo: A young person who is considered to be over-emotional or stereotypically emo.
bub: An alcoholic malt liquor, especially beer.
bub: A woman's breast.
bub: A term of familiar address; bubba; bubby.
bub: A young brother; a little boy; a familiar term of address for a small boy.
bub: A baby.
bub: Clipping of bubble.
bub: Clipping of bubbly; champagne.
eft: A newt, especially the European smooth newt (Lissotriton vulgaris, syn. Triturus punctatus).
fob: A little pocket near the waistline of a pair of trousers or in a waistcoat or vest to hold money or valuables, especially a pocket watch.
fob: A short chain or ribbon to connect such a pocket to the watch.
fob: A small ornament attached to such a chain.
fob: A hand-held remote control device used to lock/unlock motor cars etc.
alp: A very high mountain. Specifically, one of the Alps, the highest chain of mountains in Europe.
alp: An alpine meadow
bey: A governor of a province or district in the Turkish dominions
bey: in various other places, a prince or nobleman
dey: A servant who has charge of the dairy; a dairymaid.
dey: The ruler of the Regency of Algiers (now Algeria) under the Ottoman Empire.
gyp: A cheat or swindle; a rip-off.
gyp: Synonym of gypsy (“contra dance step”)
gyp: A domestic servant, generally male, who would attend upon (usually several) students, brushing their clothes, carrying parcels, waiting at parties and other tasks; generally equivalent to a scout in the historical sense at Oxford University or a skip at Trinity College, Dublin.
gyp: The room in which such college servants work.
gyp: A small kitchen for use by college students.
gyp: Gypsophila.
gyp: Pain or discomfort.
fay: A fairy.
fay: A white person.
cud: The portion of food which is brought back into the mouth by ruminating animals from their first stomach, to be chewed a second time.
gee: A gee-gee, a horse.
gee: The name of the Latin-script letter G.
gee: Abbreviation of grand; a thousand dollars.
gee: Abbreviation of gravity; the unit of acceleration equal to that exerted by gravity at the earth's surface.
gee: A guy.
gee: Vagina, vulva.
fro: Clipping of afro (hairstyle).
hob: A kind of cutting tool, used to cut the teeth of a gear.
hob: The flat projection or iron shelf at the side of a fire grate, where things are put to be kept warm.
hob: The top cooking surface on a cooker; a cooktop. It typically comprises several cooking elements (often four), also known as 'rings'.
hob: A rounded peg used as a target in several games, especially in quoits.
hob: A male ferret.
hob: The hub of a wheel.
hob: A fairy; a sprite; an elf; a bogey.
hob: A countryman; a rustic or yokel.
fib: A lie, especially one that is more or less inconsequential.
fib: A liar.
fib: The fibula.
fib: A kind of experimental poem where the number of syllables in each line is the next succeeding Fibonacci number.
hoy: A small coaster vessel, usually sloop-rigged, used in conveying passengers and goods, or as a tender to larger vessels in port.
ell: A measure of length. An English ell was 1¼ yards (45 inches or 114 cm), a Scottish ell was about 37 inches (94 cm), a Flemish ell was ¾ yard (27 inches or 69 cm), while certain European ells were less than 50 cm.
ell: The name of the Latin-script letter L. (more commonly el)
ell: An extension usually at right angles to one end of a building.
ell: Something that is L-shaped.
hex: An evil spell or curse.
hex: A witch.
hex: A spell (now rare but still found in compounds such as hex sign and hexcraft).
hex: Clipping of hexadecimal.
hex: A hexagonal space on a game board.
hex: a hexagon-shaped item of rock climbing equipment intended to be wedged into a crack or other opening in the rock.
cog: A tooth on a gear.
cog: A gear; a cogwheel.
cog: An unimportant individual in a greater system.
cog: A projection or tenon at the end of a beam designed to fit into a matching opening of another piece of wood to form a joint.
cog: One of the rough pillars of stone or coal left to support the roof of a mine.
cog: A clinker-built, flat-bottomed, square-rigged mediaeval ship of burden, or war with a round, bulky hull and a single mast, typically 15 to 25 meters in length.
cog: A small fishing boat.
cog: A trick or deception; a falsehood.
cog: Alternative form of cogue (“wooden vessel for milk”)
lag: A gap, a delay; an interval created by something not keeping up; a latency.
lag: Delay; latency.
lag: One sentenced to transportation for a crime.
lag: A prisoner, a criminal.
lag: A period of imprisonment.
lag: A method of deciding which player is to start. Both players simultaneously strike a cue ball from the baulk line to hit the top cushion and rebound down the table; the player whose ball finishes closest to the baulk cushion wins.
lag: One who lags; that which comes in last.
lag: The fag-end; the rump; hence, the lowest class.
lag: A stave of a cask, drum, etc.; especially (engineering) one of the narrow boards or staves forming the covering of a cylindrical object, such as a boiler, or the cylinder of a carding machine or steam engine.
lag: A bird, the greylag.
erg: The unit of work or energy, being the amount of work done by a force of one dyne applied through a distance of one centimeter. Equal to 10⁻⁷ joules.
erg: A large desert region of sand dunes with little or no vegetation, especially in the Sahara.
erg: An ergometer.
boo: A derisive shout made to indicate disapproval.
boo: A close acquaintance or significant other.
boo: Cannabis.
boo: A tail feather from an ostrich.
oaf: A person, especially a large male, who is clumsy or a simpleton.
oaf: An elf's child; a changeling left by fairies or goblins, hence, a deformed or foolish child.
jig: A light, brisk musical movement; a gigue.
jig: A lively dance in 6/8 (double jig), 9/8 (slip jig) or 12/8 (single jig) time; a tune suitable for such a dance. By extension, a lively traditional tune in any of these time signatures. Unqualified, the term is usually taken to refer to a double (6/8) jig.
jig: A dance performed by one or sometimes two individual dancers, as opposed to a dance performed by a set or team.
jig: A type of lure consisting of a hook molded into a weight, usually with a bright or colorful body.
jig: A device in manufacturing, woodworking, or other creative endeavors for controlling the location, path of movement, or both of either a workpiece or the tool that is operating upon it. Subsets of this general class include machining jigs, woodworking jigs, welders' jigs, jewelers' jigs, and many others.
jig: An apparatus or machine for jigging ore.
jig: A light, humorous piece of writing, especially in rhyme; a farce in verse; a ballad.
jig: A trick; a prank.
jig: A black person.
reb: Clipping of rebel: a Confederate, especially a Confederate soldier.
reb: Shortened form of Rebbe.
reb: An honorific used by traditional Jews, much like sir and mister/Mr.
cur: A contemptible or inferior dog.
cur: A detestable person.
mew: A gull, seagull.
mew: A prison, or other place of confinement.
mew: A hiding place; a secret store or den.
mew: A breeding-cage for birds.
mew: A cage for hawks, especially while moulting.
mew: A building or set of buildings where moulting birds are kept.
mew: The crying sound of a cat; a meow, especially of a kitten.
mew: The crying sound of a gull or buzzard.
mew: An exclamation of disapproval; a boo.
nib: The tip of a pen or tool that touches the surface, transferring ink to paper.
nib: The bill or beak of a bird; the neb.
nib: Bits of trapped dust or other foreign material that form imperfections in painted or varnished surfaces.
nib: A piece of a roasted, hulled cocoa bean.
nib: A small and pointed thing or part; a point; a prong.
nib: One of the handles projecting from a scythe snath.
nib: The shaft of a wagon.
lye: An alkaline liquid made by leaching ashes (usually wood ashes).
lye: Potassium or sodium hydroxide (caustic soda).
lye: Obsolete spelling of lie
lye: A short side line, connected with the main line; a turn-out; a siding.
nob: The head.
nob: A jack of the same suit as the card turned up by the dealer. (See also nibs.)
nob: The glans penis, the sensitive bulbous structure at the end of the penis also known as the head of the penis. (Also spelled knob.)
nob: (vulgar, slang, chiefly UK, Ireland) The penis; dick. (Also spelled knob.)
nob: A contemptible person; dick. (Also spelled knob.)
nob: A wealthy or influential person; a toff.
cue: The name of the Latin-script letter Q.
cue: A small portion of bread or beer; the quantity bought with a farthing or half farthing and noted with a q (for Latin quadrāns (“farthing”)) in the buttery books.
cue: An action or event that is a signal for somebody to do something.
cue: The last words of a play actor's speech, serving as an intimation for the next actor to speak; any word or words which serve to remind an actor to speak or to do something; a catchword.
cue: A marker or signal that triggers something, such as the start of an audio recording.
cue: A hint or intimation.
cue: Humour; temper of mind.
cue: A straight tapering stick used to hit the balls in various games.
cue: The tail; the end of a thing; especially, a tail-like twist of hair worn at the back of the head; a queue.
ere: Obsolete form of ear.
boa: Any of a group of large American snakes, of the genus Boa, subfamily Boinae, or family Boidae, including the boa constrictor and the emperor boa of Mexico.
boa: A type of long scarf; typically made from synthetic or real feathers (or occasionally fur), and usually worn by being draped across the shoulders with the ends hanging low, sometimes also with a loop around the neck.
maw: The stomach, especially of an animal.
maw: The upper digestive tract (where food enters the body), especially the mouth and jaws of a fearsome and ravenous creature.
maw: The mouth.
maw: Any large, insatiable or perilous opening.
maw: Appetite; inclination.
maw: The swim bladder of a fish, especially when used as food in Chinese cuisine.
maw: Mother.
maw: A gull.
hap: Happenings; events; goings-on.
hap: That which happens; an occurrence or happening, especially an unexpected, random, chance, or fortuitous event; chance; fortune; luck.
hap: A wrap, such as a quilt or a comforter. Also, a small or folded blanket placed on the end of a bed to keep feet warm.
hap: Any of the cichlid fishes of the tribe Haplochromini.
pep: Energy, high spirits.
dor: A large European dung beetle, Geotrupes stercorarius, that makes a droning noise while flying
dor: Any flying insect which makes a loud humming noise, such as the June bug or a bumblebee
dor: a trick, joke, or deception
lea: An open field, meadow, pasture.
lea: Any of several measures of yarn; for linen, 300 yards (275 m); for cotton, 120 yards (110 m).
lea: A set of warp threads carried by a loop of the heddle.
lar: singular of lares: a household god, particularly overseeing the family itself.
lar: The lar gibbon.
lar: An Etruscan title, properly peculiar to the eldest son, but often mistaken for an integral part of the name.
mig: A milligram
lop: That which is lopped from anything, such as branches from a tree.
lop: A flea.
lop: (usually offensive) A disabled person, a cripple.
lop: Any of several breeds of rabbits whose ears lie flat.
jot: The smallest letter or stroke of any writing; an iota.
jot: A small, or the smallest, amount of a thing; a bit, a whit.
jot: A small, or the smallest, amount of a thing; a bit, a whit.
jot: An instant, a moment.
jot: A brief and hurriedly written note.
jot: A jerk, a jolt.
cam: A turning or sliding piece which imparts motion to a rod, lever or block brought into sliding or rolling contact with it.
cam: A curved wedge, movable about an axis, used for forcing or clamping two pieces together.
cam: A ridge or mound of earth.
cam: A spring-loaded camming device, a spring-loaded device for effecting a temporary belay in a rock crevice.
cam: Camera.
pew: One of the long benches in a church, seating several persons, usually fixed to the floor and facing the chancel.
pew: An enclosed compartment in a church which provides seating for a group of people, often a prominent family.
pew: Any structure shaped like a church pew, such as a stall, formerly used by money lenders, etc.; a box in a theatre; or a pen or sheepfold.
pew: A chair; a seat.
hue: A color, or shade of color; tint; dye.
hue: The characteristic related to the light frequency that appears in the color, for instance red, yellow, green, cyan, blue or magenta.
hue: A character; aspect.
hue: Form; appearance; guise.
hue: A shout or cry.
sib: Kindred; kin; kinsmen; a body of persons related by blood in any degree.
sib: A kinsman; a blood relation; a relative, near or remote; one closely allied to another; an intimate companion.
sib: A sibling, brother or sister (irrespective of gender)
sib: Any group of animals or plants sharing a corresponding genetic relation
sib: A group of individuals unilaterally descended from a single (real or postulated) common ancestor
poi: The traditional staple food of Hawaii, made by baking and pounding the kalo (or taro) root, and reducing it to a thin paste, which is allowed to ferment.
poi: A creamy Samoan dessert of ripe bananas mashed with coconut cream.
poi: A small ball made of leaves and fibres, attached to a string.
poi: A traditional dance performed by Maori women involving the rhythmic swinging of such a ball.
raj: Reign; rule.
hub: The central part, usually cylindrical, of a wheel; the nave.
hub: A point where many routes meet and traffic is distributed, dispensed, or diverted.
hub: A central facility providing a range of related services, such as a medical hub or an educational hub.
hub: A computer networking device connecting several Ethernet ports. See switch.
hub: A stake with a nail in it, used to mark a temporary point.
hub: A male weasel; a buck; a dog; a jack.
hub: A rough protuberance or projecting obstruction.
hub: An area in a video game from which individual levels are accessed.
hub: A goal or mark at which quoits, etc., are thrown.
hub: A hardened, engraved steel punch for impressing a device upon a die, used in coining, etc.
hub: A screw hob.
hub: A block for scotching a wheel.
tad: A small amount; a little bit.
tad: A street boy; an urchin.
zig: A sudden or sharp turn or change of direction.
lac: A resinous substance or lacquer produced mainly on the banyan tree by the female of Kerria lacca, a scale insect.
lac: Alternative spelling of lakh
lac: Clipping of Cadillac.
lac: Laceration.
zag: One of a series of sharp turns or reversals.
zag: twist in a storyline
rep: Clipping of reputation.
rep: Clipping of repetition.
rep: Clipping of representative.
rep: Clipping of representation.
rep: Clipping of repertory.
rep: Clipping of report.
rep: A fabric made of silk or wool, or of silk and wool, and having a transversely corded or ribbed surface.
yip: a sharp, high-pitched bark
pug: A small dog of an ancient breed originating in China, having a snub nose, wrinkled face, squarish body, short smooth hair, and curled tail.
pug: A bargeman.
pug: chaff; the refuse of grain
pug: Any geometrid moth of the genus Eupithecia.
pug: An elf or hobgoblin.
pug: An upper servant in a great house.
pug: A harlot; a prostitute.
pug: One who fights with fists; a boxer.
pug: Any compressed clay-like material mixed and worked into a soft, plastic condition for making bricks, pottery or for paving. (Also pug soil)
pug: A pug mill.
pug: The pawprint or footprint of an animal.
pug: A term of endearment.
pug: Alternative letter-case form of PuG (group of players who are unknown to each other, grouped together to work toward a short-term goal, such as completing a dungeon or a raid)
mod: An unconventionally modern style of fashionable dress originating in England in the 1960s, characterized by ankle-length black trenchcoats and sunglasses.
mod: A 1960s British person who dressed in such a style and was interested in modernism and the modern music of the time; the opposite of a rocker.
mod: Clipping of modification.
mod: An end user-created package containing modifications to the look or behaviour of a video game.
mod: A moderator, for example on a discussion forum.
mod: A module (file containing a tracker music sequence).
mod: A moderately difficult route.
mod: Moderations: university examinations generally taken in the first year.
mod: Abbreviation of modulus.
mod: Abbreviation of mode.
mod: A festival of Scottish Gaelic song, arts and culture, akin to the Welsh eisteddfod.
hod: A three-sided box mounted on a pole for carrying bricks, mortar, or other construction materials over the shoulder.
hod: The amount of material held by a hod (sense 1); a hodful.
hod: A blowpipe used by a pewterer.
hod: A bookmaker's bag.
hod: A receptacle for carrying coal, particularly one shaped like a bucket which is designed for loading coal or coke through the door of a firebox.
pol: A politician.
tic: A sudden, nonrhythmic motor movement or vocalization.
tic: Something that is done or produced habitually or characteristically.
tic: ticket
nan: Synonym of maid: a servant girl.
nan: Synonym of nancy: an effeminate male homosexual.
nan: Synonym of nursemaid.
nan: Synonym of grandmother.
nan: Alternative spelling of naan
dun: A brownish grey colour.
dun: A collector of debts, especially one who is insistent and demanding.
dun: An urgent request or demand of payment.
dun: A newly hatched, immature mayfly; a mayfly subimago.
dun: A fly made to resemble the mayfly subimago.
dun: An ancient or medieval fortification; especially a hill-fort in Scotland or Ireland.
dun: A structure in the Orkney or Shetland islands or in Scotland consisting of a roundhouse surrounded by a circular wall; a broch.
dun: A mound or small hill.
dun: Alternative form of dhoon (“Himalayan valley”)
sop: Something entirely soaked.
sop: A piece of solid food to be soaked in liquid food.
sop: Something given or done to pacify or bribe.
sop: A weak, easily frightened or ineffectual person; a milksop
sop: Gravy.
sop: A thing of little or no value.
sop: A piece of turf placed in the road as a target for a throw in road bowling.
sop: Clipping of soprano.
sod: That stratum of the surface of the soil which is filled with the roots of grass, or any portion of that surface; turf; sward.
sod: Turf grown and cut specifically for the establishment of lawns.
sod: A piece of this.
sod: Sodomite; bugger.
sod: A person; often qualified with an adjective.
sod: Any trifling amount, a bugger, a damn, a jot.
sod: A damper (bread) which has failed to rise, remaining a flat lump.
sod: The rock dove.
rut: Sexual desire or oestrus of cattle, and various other mammals.
rut: The noise made by deer during sexual excitement.
rut: Roaring, as of waves breaking upon the shore; rote.
rut: In omegaverse fiction, the intense biological urge of an alpha to mate, typically triggered by proximity to an omega in heat.
rut: A furrow, groove, or track worn in the ground, as from the passage of many wheels along a road.
rut: A fixed routine, procedure, line of conduct, thought or feeling.
rut: A dull routine.
ana: A collection of things associated with a person or place, especially a personal collection of anecdotes or conversations at table
ana: Anorexia (used especially by the pro-ana movement).
ana: Alternative form of anna (“a former subdivision of the rupee”)
kay: The name of the Latin-script letter K.
kay: A kilometer.
kay: A thousand of some unit (from kilo-).
kay: Dated form of cay.
tat: Cheap and vulgar tastelessness; sleaze.
tat: Cheap, tasteless, useless goods; trinkets.
tat: Gunny cloth made from the fibre of the Corchorus olitorius (jute).
tat: A pony.
tat: A tattoo.
tat: Alternative form of tatt (“a die, especially one that is loaded”)
tat: Alternative form of tatty (“kind of woven mat or screen”)
tat: Some small thing, especially that which is exchanged tit for tat.
gam: A person's leg, especially an attractive woman's leg.
gam: Collective noun used to refer to a group of whales, or rarely also of porpoises; a pod.
gam: A social gathering of whalers (whaling ships).
vie: A contest.
woe: Great sadness or distress; a misfortune causing such sadness.
woe: Calamity, trouble.
woe: A curse; a malediction.
tog: A cloak.
tog: A coat.
tog: A unit of thermal resistance, being ten times the temperature difference (in °C) between the two surfaces of a material when the flow of heat is equal to one watt per square metre
tog: A tautog, a large wrasse native to the eastern coast of North America.
vee: The name of the Latin-script letter V.
vee: Something with the shape of the letter V.
vee: The arc of the field, forward of the batsman, from cover to midwicket, in which drives are played.
vee: A polyamorous relationship between three people, in which one person has two partners who are not themselves romantically or sexually involved.
sou: An old French copper coin equal to one twentieth of a livre or twelve deniers; one sou is to the livre as one shilling is to the pound.
sou: Cent; pocket money.
sou: A thing of the smallest value; a whit; a jot.
mir: A traditional village community in Imperial Russia, charaterised by self-government and collectivist control of local lands.
soy: A common East Asian liquid sauce, made by subjecting boiled beans to long fermentation and then long digestion in salt and water.
soy: Soybeans, or the protein derived from them.
soy: Silk.
tas: Alternative spelling of tass
vis: Force; energy; might; power.
vis: Abbreviation of viscount.
vis: Alternative spelling of viss
vis: Clipping of visualization.
vis: Clipping of visual.
vis: Clipping of visibility.
sen: Self.
sen: A unit of Japanese currency, worth one hundredth of a yen.
sen: A coin of this value.
sen: A unit of Indonesian currency, worth one hundredth of a rupiah.
sen: A unit of Malaysian currency, worth one hundredth of a ringgit.
sen: A coin of this value.
sen: A unit of length equal 20 wa, 40 meters.
pas: The right of going foremost; precedence.
pas: A step in a dance.
hep: hepatitis.
hep: Abbreviation of high-energy physics.
hep: A hip of a rose; a rosehip.
hep: An instance of crying hep!, especially as a call to attack Jewish people.
hag: A witch, sorceress, or enchantress; a wizard.
hag: An ugly old woman.
hag: An evil woman.
hag: A fury; a she-monster.
hag: A hagfish; one of various eel-like fish of the family Myxinidae, allied to the lamprey, with a suctorial mouth, labial appendages, and a single pair of gill openings.
hag: A hagdon or shearwater; one of various sea birds of the genus Puffinus.
hag: An appearance of light and fire on a horse's mane or a person's hair.
hag: The fruit of the hagberry, Prunus padus.
hag: Sleep paralysis.
hag: A small wood, or part of a wood or copse, which is marked off or enclosed for felling, or which has been felled.
hag: A marshy hollow, especially an area of peat lying lower than surrounding moorland, formed by erosion of a gully or cutting and often having steep edges.
neb: A bird's beak or bill.
neb: A person's mouth.
neb: A person's nose.
neb: The peak of a flat cap.
neb: The nose or snout of an animal, now especially of a fish.
neb: A projecting extremity; a point or sharp projection.
neb: A nib, as of a pen.
ree: Alternative form of rei (“Portuguese real”)
ree: A state of befuddlement; intoxication.
ree: A state of great excitement or frenzy.
ree: A small river or stream.
pry: An act of prying; a close and curious look.
pry: A person who is very inquisitive or nosy; a busybody, a nosey parker.
pry: A tool for levering; a crowbar, a lever.
gap: An opening in anything made by breaking or parting.
gap: An opening allowing passage or entrance.
gap: An opening that implies a breach or defect.
gap: A vacant space or time.
gap: A hiatus, a pause in something which is otherwise continuous.
gap: A vacancy, deficit, absence, or lack.
gap: A mountain or hill pass.
gap: A sheltered area of coast between two cliffs (mostly restricted to place names).
gap: The regions between the outfielders.
gap: The shortfall between the amount the medical insurer will pay to the service provider and the scheduled fee for the item.
gap: (usually written as "the gap") The disparity between the indigenous and non-indigenous communities with regard to life expectancy, education, health, etc.
gap: An unsequenced region in a sequence alignment.
gap: Alternative form of gup (elected head of a gewog in Bhutan)
sag: The state of sinking or bending; a droop.
sag: The difference in elevation of a wire, cable, chain or rope suspended between two consecutive points.
sag: The difference in height or depth between the vertex and the rim of a curved surface, specifically used for optical elements such as a mirror or lens.
sag: Alternative form of saag
lot: A large quantity or number; a great deal.
lot: A separate portion; a number of things taken collectively.
lot: One or more items auctioned or sold as a unit, separate from other items.
lot: A number of people taken collectively.
lot: A distinct portion or plot of land, usually smaller than a field.
lot: That which happens without human design or forethought.
lot: Anything (as a die, pebble, ball, or slip of paper) used in determining a question by chance, or without human choice or will.
lot: The part, or fate, that falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without one's planning.
lot: A prize in a lottery.
lot: Allotment; lottery.
lot: All members of a set; everything.
lot: An old unit of weight used in many European countries from the Middle Ages, often defined as 1/30 or 1/32 of a (local) pound.
sty: A pen or enclosure for swine.
sty: A messy, dirty or debauched place.
sty: A ladder.
sty: An inflammation of the eyelid.
Jat: A member of an Indo-European ethnic group of people native to Northern India and Pakistan (including large populations living in the EU, US, Canada, Australia and UK), that have attributes of an ethnic group, tribe and a people.
Jat: A member of an Indo-European people living in the Punjab, northwestern India, and Pakistan.
Jat: An Indo-Scythian descendant of the Scythian Massagetae and Getae tribes.
nag: A small horse; a pony.
nag: An old, useless horse.
nag: A paramour.
nag: Someone or something that nags.
nag: A repeated complaint or reminder.
nag: A persistent, bothersome thought or worry.
nag: Misspelling of knack.
IRL: An IRL friend.
yep: Yes.
Kop: A terrace at a football ground, originally for standing spectators, though all-seater stadia have been mandatory for larger UK clubs since 1994.
shy: An act of throwing.
shy: A place for throwing.
shy: A sudden start aside, as by a horse.
shy: In the Eton College wall game, a point scored by lifting the ball against the wall in the calx.
shy: A throw-in from the sidelines, using two hands above the head. In shinty, the act of tossing the ball above the head and hitting it with the shaft of the caman to bring it back into play after it has been hit out of the field.
tux: Clipping of tuxedo.
PBX: Initialism of private branch exchange.
AQL: Initialism of acceptable quality level, the lowest level of quality in Technical Documentation which is required to be published
ODT: Initialism of OpenDocument Text.
ODT: Initialism of optical diffraction tomography.
ODT: Initialism of orally disintegrating tablet.
TDS: Initialism of tax deducted at source.
TDS: Initialism of technical documentation service.
TDS: Initialism of time-driven switching.
TDS: Initialism of tabular data stream.
TDS: Initialism of transaction data store.
TDS: Initialism of topological Dirac semi-metal.
TDS: Initialism of thermal desorption spectroscopy.
TDS: Initialism of testicular dysgenesis syndrome.
TDS: Initialism of Trump derangement syndrome.
TDS: Initialism of Trump delusional syndrome.
w/e: Initialism of week ending.
w/e: Abbreviation of weekend.
WMD: Initialism of weapon of mass destruction.
lap: The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron.
lap: An edge; a border; a hem, as of cloth.
lap: The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered.
lap: A place of rearing and fostering.
lap: The upper legs of a seated person.
lap: The female pudenda.
lap: A component that overlaps or covers any portion of itself or of an adjacent component.
lap: The act or process of lapping.
lap: That part of any substance or fixture which extends over, or lies upon, or by the side of, a part of another.
lap: The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping.
lap: The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat, being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone, lap refers to outside lap (see below).
lap: One circuit around a race track.
lap: The traversal of one length of the pool, or (less commonly) one length and back again.
lap: In card playing and other games, the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game;—so called when they are counted in the score of the following game.
lap: A sheet, layer, or bat, of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine.
lap: A piece of brass, lead, or other soft metal, used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass, gems, etc. or in polishing cutlery or in toolmaking. It is usually in the form of a wheel or disk that revolves on a vertical axis.
lap: The taking of liquid into the mouth with the tongue.
lap: Liquor; alcoholic drink.
lap: Clipping of laparoscopy.
lap: Clipping of laparotomy.
COB: Initialism of contingency operating base.
COB: Acronym of chief of boat.
COB: Initialism of close of business; the end of day on a business day.
COB: Coordination of Benefits
COB: Chairman of the Board
COB: Chip on Board
IOU: An informal promissory note that is not a negotiable instrument.
HMS: Initialism of His/Her Majesty's Ship (prefix for ships in the navy of a monarchy, such as the British Royal Navy).
HMS: Initialism of His/Her Majesty's Service.
HMS: Initialism of hour-minute-second.:
HMS: A format for writing decimal angles.
HMS: Initialism of hour-minute-second.:
HMS: A 24 or 12-hour time format that includes seconds, in addition to hours and minutes.
HMS: Initialism of hour-minute-second.:
HMS: A format for writing decimal time, usually associated with base-10 time such as during the French Revolution.
TLC: Initialism of tender loving care.
TLC: Initialism of thin-layer chromatography.
TLC: Initialism of technology life cycle.
TLC: Initialism of triple-level cell.
TLC: Initialism of total leukocyte count.
rag: Tattered clothes.
rag: A piece of old cloth, especially one used for cleaning, patching, etc.; a tattered piece of cloth; a shred or tatter.
rag: A shabby, beggarly fellow; a ragamuffin.
rag: A ragged edge in metalworking.
rag: A sail, or any piece of canvas.
rag: A newspaper or magazine, especially one whose journalism is considered to be of poor quality.
rag: A poor, low-ranking kicker.
rag: A curtain of various kinds.
rag: A person suffering from exhaustion or lack of energy.
rag: A coarse kind of rock, somewhat cellular in texture; ragstone.
rag: A prank or practical joke.
rag: A society run by university students for the purpose of charitable fundraising.
rag: An informal dance party featuring music played by African-American string bands.
rag: A ragtime song, dance or piece of music.
GOP: Acronym of group of pictures.
DMV: Initialism of department of motor vehicles.
DMV: Initialism of deserted medieval village.
DMV: Initialism of dorsal motor nucleus of the vagus.
vow: A solemn promise to perform some act, or behave in a specified manner, especially a promise to live and act in accordance with the rules of a religious order.
vow: A declaration or assertion.
vow: A votive offering.
fir: A conifer of the genus Abies.
fir: Any pinaceous conifer of related genera, especially a Douglas fir (Pseudotsuga) or a Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris).
fir: Wood of such trees.
esh: The IPA symbol ʃ.
DFA: Initialism of deterministic finite-state automaton.
DFA: Initialism of doctor of fine arts.
DFA: Initialism of design for assembly.
DFA: Initialism of direct feedback alignment.
BNF: Initialism of Backus-Naur form. (originally Backus normal form).
BNF: A famous member of fandom; a celebrity fan.
tut: A tutorial.
tut: A hassock.
tut: A piece of work.
tut: Rubbish.
BNP: Initialism of brain natriuretic peptide.
pec: The pectoralis major muscle.
pec: Money.
eon: Eternity, the duration of the universe.
eon: An immeasurably or indefinitely long period of time.
eon: A long period of time.
eon: A period of one billion (short scale, i.e. 1,000,000,000) years.
eon: The longest geochronologic unit, being a period of hundreds of millions of years; subdivided into eras.
eon: A spirit being emanating from the Godhead.
PTA: Initialism of parent-teacher association.
PTA: Initialism of phosphotungstic acid.
PTA: Initialism of prepaid ticket advice: information sent to an airline that a passenger will collect the ticket at the airport (not the same as an e-ticket).
PTA: Initialism of permit to acquire: a form lodged with the police to acquire a specific firearm; the authorisation subsequently acquired.
yer: Either of the letters ъ and ь in Cyrillic alphabets, which originally represented phonemically the ultra-short vowels in Slavic languages.
ist: A practitioner or supporter of an ism.
vav: The sixth letter of the Hebrew alphabet, ו.
tav: Alternative form of taw (Semitic letter)
bac: A broad, flat-bottomed ferryboat, usually worked by a rope.
bac: A vat or cistern.
bac: Clipping of baccalaureate.
waw: A wave.
waw: A wall.
waw: The twenty-seventh letter of the Arabic alphabet: و.
waw: Alternative spelling of vav
SOS: The conventional Morse code call made by a ship in distress.
SOS: Initialism of Secretary of State.
SOS: Initialism of special order sale.
SOS: A children's game in which players take turns to place S's and O's on a grid, collecting points by creating an "SOS" sequence.
SOS: Initialism of shit on a shingle.
vau: Alternative spelling of vav
TMI: Initialism of trimethylindium.
TMI: Initialism of too much information.
TMI: Initialism of transmarginal inhibition.
TMI: Initialism of Temperature, Magenta/Green levels, and Intensity.
TMI: Initialism of trans-Mars injection.
kaf: The twenty-second letter of the Arabic alphabet. ك (k)
kaf: Alternative spelling of kaph
ism: An ideology, system of thought, or practice that can be described by a word ending in -ism.
ism: A form of discrimination, such as racism or sexism.
bah: Alternative spelling of baa (the cry of a sheep or goat).
qat: Alternative form of khat, a psychoactive stimulant obtained from the plant Catha edulis.
pOH: The negative of the base 10 logarithm of the concentration of hydroxide ions, measured in moles per liter.
MUD: Acronym of multi-user dungeon: an interactive online environment in which players may jointly engage in fantasy role-playing games.
mem: The thirteenth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
mem: Clipping of memory.
mem: A memory access as part of processing.
git: A silly, incompetent, stupid, or annoying person (usually a man).
git: Alternative form of geat (channel in metal casting)
shh: An utterance of shh.
shh: Alternative form of SHH (“sonic hedgehog”); Abbreviation of sonic hedgehog.
APT: Initialism of automation presses tooling.
APT: Initialism of advanced packaging tool.
APT: Initialism of advanced passenger train.
APT: Abbreviation of apartment. (APT is preferred by the United States Postal Service; compare Apt. and apt.)
APT: Initialism of advanced persistent threat.
APT: Initialism of arbitrage pricing theory.
APT: Initialism of automatically programmed tool.
APT: Initialism of anatomical pathology technologist.
APT: Initialism of acyl protein thioesterase.
sta: Abbreviation of station.
mec: Clipping of meconium.
IRA: Initialism of individual retirement account.
kat: An ancient Egyptian unit of weight, one fiftieth of an avoirdupois pound.
kat: Alternative spelling of khat
DVC: Initialism of digital video compression.
Meg: Megalodon.
PPG: Initialism of points per game.
PPG: Initialism of power play goal, as used in hockey box scoring.
PPG: Initialism of pupil premium grant.
PPG: Initialism of polypropylene glycol.
ned: A person, usually a youth, of low social standing and education, a violent disposition and with a particular style of dress (typically sportswear or Burberry), speech and behaviour.
tai: A fish, the Japanese bream.
tay: Tea.
gat: A Gatling gun.
gat: Any type of gun, usually a pistol.
gat: A guitar
gat: An opening between sandbanks; a strait.
gat: A traditional Korean hat made of horsehair, once worn by married gentlemen.
RSI: Initialism of repetitive strain injury.
RSI: Initialism of relative strength index.
RSI: Initialism of rapid sequence induction.
sto: Pronunciation spelling of store.
SUV: Initialism of sport utility vehicle; also S.U.V.
MGM: Initialism of maternal grandmother.
MGM: Initialism of male genital mutilation.
NEC: Initialism of near-Earth comet.
NEC: Initialism of net explosive content.
RSA: Initialism of Responsible Service of Alcohol (a qualification and permit for bar staff).
RSA: Initialism of runway safety area.
RSA: Initialism of recreational sea angler.
RSA: Initialism of road safety authority.
ley: Alternative spelling of lea
ley: Arable land used temporarily for hay or grazing.
ley: A ley line.
ley: Archaic form of lye.
ley: Law.
mon: The former currency of Japan until 1870, before the yen.
mon: The badge or emblem of a Japanese family, especially a family of the ancient feudal nobility; typically circular and consists of conventionalized forms from nature.
mon: A colloquial means of address of man in places such as Jamaica and Shropshire in England.
mon: A creature in a video game, usually one which is captured, trained up and used in battles.
mon: A video game or anime in which catching and battling creatures is an important element.
ide: A freshwater fish of the family Cyprinidae, found across northern Europe and Asia, especially Leuciscus idus.
BTU: Initialism of British thermal unit.
woo: Alternative form of woo woo
oda: A room within a harem
RIP: Repeat-induced point mutation, a process by which both copies of duplicated sequences are mutated.
RIP: Initialism of reduction in pay.
tip: The extreme end of something, especially when pointed; e.g. the sharp end of a pencil.
tip: A piece of metal, fabric or other material used to cover the top of something for protection, utility or decoration.
tip: The end of a bow of a stringed instrument that is not held.
tip: A small piece of meat.
tip: A piece of stiffened lining pasted on the inside of a hat crown.
tip: A thin, boarded brush made of camel's hair, used by gilders in lifting gold leaf.
tip: Synonym of eartip (“part of earbuds”)
tip: The knocking over of a skittle.
tip: An act of tipping up or tilting.
tip: An area or a place for dumping something, such as rubbish or refuse, as from a mine; a heap (see tipple); a dump.
tip: Rubbish thrown from a quarry.
tip: A recycling centre.
tip: A very untidy place.
tip: The act of deflecting with one's fingers, especially the fingertips
tip: A tram for expeditiously transferring coal.
tip: A light blow or tap.
tip: A gratuity; a small amount of money left for a bartender, waiter, taxi driver or other servant as a token of appreciation.
tip: A piece of private or secret information, especially imparted by someone with expert knowledge about sporting odds, business performance etc.
tip: A piece of advice.
tip: A prediction or bet about the outcome of something.
tip: A kick or phase; one's current habits or behaviour.
tip: A particular arena or sphere of interest; a front.
mud: A mixture of water and soil or fine grained sediment.
mud: A plaster-like mixture used to texture or smooth drywall.
mud: Wet concrete as it is being mixed, delivered and poured.
mud: Willfully abusive, even slanderous remarks or claims, notably between political opponents.
mud: Money, dough, especially when proceeding from dirty business.
mud: Stool that is exposed as a result of anal sex.
mud: A particle less than 62.5 microns in diameter, following the Wentworth scale
mud: A black person.
mud: Drilling fluid.
mud: Coffee.
mud: Opium.
mud: Heroin.
mud: A traditional Dutch unit of dry measure of variable size, frequently about 3 bushels.
mud: A traditional Dutch unit of land area, vaguely reckoned as the amount of land required to sow a mud of seed.
mud: A kind of box traditionally used in the Netherlands for measuring muds.
BBQ: Abbreviation of barbecue.
UDP: Initialism of uridine diphosphate.
UDP: Initialism of Usenet Death Penalty.
dai: A wet nurse; a midwife.
SPE: Initialism of solid-phase extraction.
SPE: Initialism of sales process engineering.
SPE: Initialism of seriously painful experience.
SPE: Initialism of solar particle event.
SEO: Initialism of search engine optimization.
STD: Initialism of sexually transmitted disease.
STD: Initialism of subscriber trunk dialling or subscriber toll dialing.
STD: Initialism of short-term disability.
STD: Initialism of save the date.
sip: A small mouthful of drink
sip: An event at which people drink alcohol in small, usually sub-intoxicating amounts.
ivy: Any of several woody, climbing, or trailing evergreen plants of the genus Hedera.
ivy: Any similar plant of any genus.
MIT: monoiodotyrosine
dim: Dimness.
SDP: Initialism of symmetrized dot pattern.
SDP: Initialism of stochastic dynamic programming.
SDP: Initialism of service discovery protocol.
SDP: Initialism of service data point (Intelligent Network)
SDP: Initialism of sexually dangerous person.
nod: An instance of inclining the head up and down, as to indicate agreement, or as a cursory greeting.
nod: A reference or allusion to something.
nod: A nomination.
nod: Approval.
hum: A hummed tune, i.e. created orally with lips closed.
hum: An often indistinct sound resembling human humming.
hum: Busy activity, like the buzz of a beehive.
hum: Unpleasant odour.
hum: An imposition or hoax; humbug.
hum: A kind of strong drink.
hum: A phenomenon, or collection of phenomena, involving widespread reports of a persistent and invasive low-frequency humming, rumbling, or droning noise not audible to all people.
LBW: Initialism of low birth weight.
LBW: Initialism of leg before wicket.
LBW: Lutheran Book of Worship (hymnal)
OTE: Initialism of on target earnings.
OTE: Initialism of opportunity to earn.
IBM: Initialism of intercontinental ballistic missile.
IBM: Initialism of inclusion body myositis.
IBM: A company that dominates its field.
meh: A judgement marked by indifference; lack of impression.
CCG: Initialism of collectible card game.
CCG: Initialism of customizable card game.
CCG: Initialism of clinical commissioning group.
ulu: An all-purpose knife traditionally used by Yup'ik, Inuit, and Aleut women.
ulu: Breadfruit
FUD: Acronym of Fear, uncertainty, and doubt, a marketing strategy involving the spread of worrisome information or rumors about a product.
spa: A health resort near a mineral spring or hot spring.
spa: A trendy or fashionable resort.
spa: A health club.
spa: A hot tub.
spa: A convenience store.
spa: An idiot; a gobshite
spa: A clumsy person (see spastic)
MDC: Initialism of Metropolitan Detention Center.
MDC: Initialism of mapped diagnostic context.
MDC: Initialism of multiple description coding.
MDC: Initialism of Major Diagnostic Category.
MDC: Initialism of modification detection code.
rum: A distilled spirit derived from fermented cane sugar and molasses.
rum: A serving of rum.
rum: A distilled spirit derived from fermented cane sugar and molasses.
rum: A kind or brand of rum.
rum: A distilled spirit derived from fermented cane sugar and molasses.
rum: A strange person or thing.
rum: A country parson.
rum: Any odd person or thing.
rum: The card game rummy.
PDF: Initialism of Portable Document Format. A document in PDF format.
PDF: Alternative letter-case form of pdf (“probability density function”)
PDF: Abbreviation of people's defence force.
dau: Abbreviation of daughter. (often with implied 'of')
FED: Field emission display.
deg: Abbreviation of degree.
deg: Clipping of degradation.
sui: Clipping of suicide.
bye: The position of a person or team in a tournament or competition who draws no opponent in a particular round so advances to the next round unopposed, or is awarded points for a win in a league table; also the phantom opponent of such a person or team.
bye: An extra scored when the batsmen take runs after the ball has passed the striker without hitting either the bat or the batsman.
bye: A thing not directly aimed at; a secondary or subsidiary object, course, path, undertaking, issue, etc.
bye: An unspecified way or place.
bye: A pass.
bye: Eye dialect spelling of boy.
bye: Obsolete spelling of bee
MSG: Initialism of monosodium glutamate.
MSG: Any chemically free glutamate.
dip: A lower section of a road or geological feature.
dip: Inclination downward; direction below a horizontal line; slope; pitch.
dip: The action of dipping or plunging for a moment into a liquid.
dip: A tank or trough where cattle or sheep are immersed in chemicals to kill parasites.
dip: A dip stick.
dip: A swim, usually a short swim to refresh.
dip: A pickpocket.
dip: A sauce for dipping.
dip: The angle from horizontal of a planar geologic surface, such as a fault line.
dip: A dipped candle.
dip: A move in many different styles of partner dances, often performed at the end of a dance, in which the follower leans far to the side and is supported by the leader.
dip: A gymnastic or bodybuilding exercise on parallel bars in which the performer, resting on his hands, lets his arms bend and his body sink until his chin is level with the bars, and then raises himself by straightening his arms.
dip: The viscid exudation that is dipped out from incisions in the trees. Virgin dip is the runnings of the first year, yellow dip the runnings of subsequent years.
dip: A sudden drop followed by a climb, usually to avoid obstacles or as the result of getting into an airhole.
dip: Finely ground tobacco, consumed by placing a small amount between the lip and gum.
dip: The act of missing out on seeing a sought after bird.
dip: Fried bread.
dip: A financial asset in decline, seen as an investment opportunity.
dip: A foolish person.
dip: Initialism of device-independent pixel.
dip: A diplomat.
hug: A close embrace, especially when charged with such an emotion as represented by: affection, joy, relief, lust, anger, aggression, compassion, and the like, as opposed to being characterized by formality, equivocation or ambivalence (a half-embrace or "little hug").
hug: A particular grip in wrestling.
que: The name of the Latin-script letter Q. Alternative form of cue.
que: Clipping of barbeque.
que: Alternative form of queue
jun: A monetary unit of North Korea and formerly of South Korea, equal to one hundredth of a won.
FOC: Initialism of full operational capability.
FOC: faint object camera
FOC: freedom of choice
FOC: father of chapel
FOC: Friend of the Court
FOC: first of class
FOC: freight operating company
FOC: Initialism of final order cutoff.
CVS: Initialism of cyclic vomiting syndrome.
CVS: Initialism of cardiovascular system.
CVS: Initialism of chorionic villus sampling.
CVS: Initialism of computer vision syndrome.
ora: A unit of money among the Anglo-Saxons.
taa: A kind of pagoda in China and Japan.
taa: The letter ت in the Arabic script.
mum: Mother.
mum: ma'am; a term of respect for an older woman.
mum: A chrysanthemum.
mum: A decoration made originally of a real chrysanthemum but now usually an artificial (silk) flower combined with ribbons and marked with such indicators as the wearer's name, school name, the year, and so on; traditionally worn by girls at high school homecoming celebrations.
mum: silence
mum: A type of strong beer, originally made in Brunswick, Germany.
nov: A novice.
dap: A plimsoll.
dap: A notch cut in one timber to receive another.
dap: Vulva or vagina.
dap: Elaborate handshake, especially hooking thumbs.
dap: A fist bump.
doc: A doctor.
doc: A document, especially (in professional jargon) a piece of technical documentation or legal evidence.
doc: A documentary.
doc: Clipping of doctorate.
gul: Any medallionlike design on a Central or West Asian rug.
Eid: Any of various Muslim religious festivals.
uzi: A type of compact submachine gun, having a caliber of 9 millimeters with ammunition housed in the grip of the weapon.
æon: Dated form of eon.
jug: A serving vessel or container, typically circular in cross-section and typically higher than it is wide, with a relatively small mouth or spout, an ear handle and often a stopper or top.
jug: The amount that a jug can hold.
jug: Jail.
jug: A woman's breasts.
jug: An upright electric kettle.
jug: A kind of large, high-powered vacuum tube.
jug: A hold large enough for both hands
jug: A traditional dimpled glass with a handle, for serving a pint of beer.
jug: A small mixed breed of dog created by mating a Jack Russell terrier and a pug.
jug: detention (after-school student punishment)
roo: Peace; quietness.
roo: Rest; stillness.
roo: Clipping of kangaroo.
ute: A small vehicle based on the same platform as a family car but with a unibody construction and a built-in open tray area for carrying goods; similar but not identical to a pick-up truck.
lox: Salmon cured in brine and then smoked in low temperature so that the flesh remains uncooked.
lox: Liquid oxygen (molecular oxygen in liquid form).
FPS: Initialism of frames per second.
FPS: Initialism of feet per second (“a measure of speed”).
FPS: Initialism of foot-pound-second (“a system of units”).
FPS: Initialism of first-person shooter.
FPS: Initialism of free phone service.
FPS: Initialism of fancy play syndrome, the act of playing in a reckless way.
FPS: Initialism of final pensionable salary.
mia: An ancient bluffing game played with dice.
mia: bulimia (used especially by the pro-mia movement).
jpg: Alternative letter-case form of JPG
png: Alternative letter-case form of PNG; Portable Network Graphics, an open protocol for digital images.
DCG: Initialism of definite clause grammar.
DCG: Initialism of discounted cumulative gain.
R&D: Initialism of Research and Development (a department within a company (or governmental division) dedicated to that task, or the fiscal category that represents it in fiscal reporting.)
R&D: Initialism of Receiving and discharge or receiving and dismissal (a department or office through which inmates arrive at and leave a prison.)
avo: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Macanese pataca.
avo: Clipping of avocado.
ECB: Initialism of event control block (IBM)
TVE: Initialism of Township and Village Enterprises (鄉鎮企業／乡镇企业).
THC: Initialism of tetrahydrocannabinol.
THC: Abbreviation of thermohaline circulation.
vex: A trouble.
lai: A mostly North European medieval form of lyrical, narrative poem written in octosyllabic couplets that often deals with tales of adventure and romance, with stanzas that do not repeat.
vac: Clipping of vacation.
vac: Clipping of vacuum cleaner.
vac: Clipping of vaccine.
SAT: Initialism of surface air temperature.
SAT: Ellipsis of SAT Reasoning Test (formerly acronyms Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test): a national exam taken annually by high school juniors and seniors.
SAT: Acronym of Scholastic Aptitude Test.
SAT: Acronym of Statutory Assessment Test, a national curriculum assessment, or exam.
rig: The rigging of a sailing ship or other such craft.
rig: Special equipment or gear used for a particular purpose.
rig: A large truck such as a semi-trailer truck.
rig: The special apparatus used for drilling wells.
rig: A costume or an outfit.
rig: A personal computer, typically one modified for looks.
rig: An imperfectly castrated horse, sheep etc.
rig: Radio equipment, especially a citizen's band transceiver.
rig: Equipment used for taking recreational drugs.
rig: A model outfitted with parameterized controls for animation.
rig: A ridge.
rig: A wanton; one given to unbecoming conduct.
rig: A promiscuous woman.
rig: A sportive or unbecoming trick; a frolic.
rig: A blast of wind.
rig: An algebraic structure similar to a ring, but without the requirement that every element have an additive inverse.
CNC: computer numerical control or computerized numerical control
CNC: cellulose nanocrystal (also NCC)
CNC: consensual non-consent
CNC: Chinese National Currency
EEC: Initialism of ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft, a rare form of ectodermal dysplasia.
911: Emergency services; emergency service personnel.
911: An emergency phone call.
911: An emergency.
org: Clipping of organization.
SAR: Acronym of search and rescue.
SAR: Acronym of synthetic-aperture radar.
SAR: Initialism of Saudi Arabian riyal.
SAR: Acronym of special administrative region.
SAR: Acronym of suspicious activity report.
SAR: Acronym of special administration regime.
SAR: Acronym of subject access request.
pov: A poor person; a pauper.
pov: Alternative letter-case form of POV (“point of view”)
POV: Initialism of point of view.
POV: Initialism of privately owned vehicle.
POV: Initialism of percentage of volume, a type of securities trading algorithm.
mid: middle
mid: A mid-range.
FOT: Initialism of field operational test.
PMS: Initialism of premenstrual syndrome or premenstrual stress.
PMS: Initialism of package management system.
PMS: Initialism of performance measurement system.
PMS: Initialism of performance management system.
PMS: Initialism of performance monitoring system.
PMS: Initialism of planned maintenance system.
PMS: Initialism of project management system.
MLS: Initialism of multiple listing service.
MLS: Initialism of microwave landing system.
MLS: Initialism of Master of Legal Studies, a master's degree offered by some law schools to students who wish to study the law but do not want to become attorneys.
MLS: Initialism of macrolide, lincosamide, and streptogramin.
GWM: Initialism of gay white male.
ETA: Initialism of estimated time of arrival.
ETA: Initialism of Elvis tribute artist. A professional impersonator who performs as Elvis Presley.
GFE: Initialism of girlfriend experience.
GFE: Initialism of good-faith estimate.
GFE: Initialism of government-furnished equipment: equipment in the possession of or acquired directly by the government, and subsequently delivered to or otherwise made available to the contractor.
GFE: Initialism of global financial elite.
CBT: Initialism of cognitive behavioral therapy.
CBT: Initialism of computer-based training.
CBT: Initialism of compulsory basic training.
CBT: Initialism of cock and ball torture.
CBT: Initialism of coulomb blockade thermometer.
CBT: Initialism of closed beta test.
grá: Love, affection.
raï: A form of music, originating in Oran, Algeria from Bedouin shepherds.
nid: Alternative form of nide (“nest of pheasants”)
nid: Initialism of noun inanimate dependent.
rem: Initialism of rapid eye movement, a sleep state.
rem: A dose of absorbed radiation equivalent to one roentgen of X-rays or gamma rays.
rem: A remark; a programming language statement used for documentation (in BASIC for example); also used in DOS batch files.
rem: A unit relative to the declared font size of the root element in a HTML document.
rai: stone money
rai: Alternative spelling of raï (“musical style”)
rai: A unit of area used in Thailand that is equal, in modern times, to 1,600 square metres (16 ares, 0.16 hectares, 0.3954 acres).
pud: Pudding (either sweet or savoury).
pud: Penis.
pud: Child's hand; child's fist.
pud: Alternative form of pood (“Russian weight”)
gin: A colourless non-aged alcoholic liquor made by distilling fermented grains such as barley, corn, oats or rye with juniper berries; the base for many cocktails.
gin: Gin rummy.
gin: Drawing the best card or combination of cards.
gin: A trick; a device or instrument.
gin: A scheme; contrivance; artifice; a figurative trap or snare.
gin: A snare or trap for game.
gin: A machine for raising or moving heavy objects, consisting of a tripod formed of poles united at the top, with a windlass, pulleys, ropes, etc.
gin: A hoisting drum, usually vertical; a whim.
gin: A pile driver.
gin: A windpump.
gin: A cotton gin.
gin: An instrument of torture worked with screws.
gin: An Aboriginal woman.
meu: Meum athamanticum, a European herb.
meu: The second minister of the Kingdom of Dahomey.
LMO: Initialism of like-minded organization.
NVH: Initialism of noise, vibration, and harshness.
FOK: Initialism of fill or kill.
FOK: Initialism of feeling of knowing. (the sense that one has the answer to a question before one retrieves it from memory; described in the psychological experiments of Lynne M. Reder)
WRT: Initialism of water restoration technician.
WRT: Initialism of wireless router.
WRT: Initialism of wireless receiver/transmitter.
WRT: Initialism of world rummy tournament.
WRT: Initialism of western running tour.
ESA: Initialism of environmental site assessment.
ESA: Initialism of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent.
ESA: Abbreviation of emotional support animal.
ESA: Abbreviation of electronically steered array.
wog: Any person who looks in-between "white" and "black": originally specifically an Indian, but later also broadened to anybody of Middle Eastern or Mediterranean descent.
wog: Specifically someone of Mediterranean descent.
wog: A person who is not a Scientologist.
wog: Clipping of polliwog.
wog: A pollywog, or sailor who has never crossed the Equator.
wog: A bug, an insect.
wog: A minor illness caused by bacteria, virus, intestinal parasite, etc.
wog: A toy insect in parts that can be assembled, used in fund-raising games.
5-O: The police.
HOT: Acronym of hybrid-orientation technology. (CMOS fabrication technology that uses PMOS and NMOS substrates with differing orientations)
HOT: Acronym of hybrid-orientation technique. (a technique that applies the technology)
HOT: Acronym of high-output turbo. (turbocharger)
HOT: Acronym of high occupancy or toll lane.
HOT: Initialism of health over time: a status effect that restores health points as time passes
SLR: Initialism of single-lens reflex, or clipping of SLR camera.
SLR: Initialism of self-loading rifle.
SLR: Initialism of supplementary leverage ratio.
SLR: Initialism of statutory liquidity ratio.
PBA: Abbreviation of partial-birth abortion.
PBA: Initialism of pattern of business activity. / pattern of business activities / patterns of business activity / patterns of business activities
PBA: Abbreviation of pseudobulbar affect.
UHT: Initialism of ultra-high temperature.
2IC: Initialism of second-in-command.
lee: A protected cove or harbor, out of the wind.
lee: The side of the ship away from the wind.
lee: A sheltered place, especially a place protected from the wind by some object; the side sheltered from the wind (see also leeside); shelter; protection.
lee: Calm, peace.
lee: Lees; dregs.
lee: Obsolete form of li (“traditional Chinese unit of distance”).
MLA: Initialism of member of the legislative assembly.
MLA: Initialism of master of liberal arts.
MLA: Initialism of master of landscape architecture.
MLM: Initialism of multi-level marketing.
MLM: Initialism of multi-level model or multi-level modeling.
MLM: Initialism of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism.
MLM: Initialism of men loving men or men who love men.
NAT: Initialism of nucleic acid test.
NAT: Acronym of network address translation (“network address rewriting”).
NAT: Acronym of network address translator (“device that implements that network function; a NAT firewall”).
zip: The high-pitched sound of a small object moving rapidly through air.
zip: Energy; vigor; vim.
zip: A zip fastener.
zip: Zero; nothing.
zip: A trip on a zipline.
zip: A zip file.
zip: Synonym of convolution (“type of mapping function”)
zip: An ounce of marijuana.
zip: Ellipsis of zip code.
FDD: Initialism of Floppy Disk Drive.
FDD: Initialism of Feature-Driven Development.
FDD: Initialism of Frequency-Division Duplex.
HDD: Initialism of hard disk drive.
HDD: Initialism of heating degree day.
VIN: Acronym of vehicle identification number.
VIN: Acronym of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia.
SBS: Initialism of sick building syndrome, health effects experienced by building occupants that appear to be linked to time spent in a building.
SBS: Initialism of shaken baby syndrome.
SBS: Initialism of styrene-butadiene-styrene.
SAS: Initialism of stability augmentation system.
SAS: Initialism of special assistance school.
SAS: Initialism of secure attention sequence.
SAS: Initialism of space adaptation syndrome.
ITU: Initialism of intensive treatment unit, called intensive care unit in the United States.
rev: revolution (of something spinning)
rev: Abbreviation of reverend.
WAF: Initialism of wife acceptance factor.
TFN: Initialism of tax file number.
jog: An energetic trot, slower than a run, often used as a form of exercise.
jog: A sudden push or nudge.
jog: A flat placed perpendicularly to break up a flat surface.
jog: In card tricks, one or more cards that are secretly made to protrude slightly from the deck as an aid to the performer.
PNR: Initialism of passenger name record: the complete details of a passenger's booking, including itinerary, contact details, and special requests; or the unique alphanumeric identifier for each booking.
PNR: Initialism of point of no return.
ABN: Initialism of Australian business number, a unique identifier used for tax purposes. or “asshole by nature”
coy: A trap from which waterfowl may be hunted.
coy: A company
heh: The fifth letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
dek: The subhead of a news story.
nav: Navigation. Often used attributively, as in nav beacon.
EOI: Initialism of expression of interest. (a business communication that an organization is interested in providing goods or services)
EOI: Initialism of emotional over-involvement.
G-2: army military intelligence officer position at the division level and higher
lyn: Alternative form of linn (“waterfall”)
sig: A signature, especially on emails or newsgroup postings.
sig: Urine.
gal: Abbreviation of gallon.
gal: A young woman.
gal: A galileo (unit of acceleration).
BOB: Vibrator (device designed to stimulate a woman's genitals).
BOB: Acronym of bur oak blight (“a fungal disease of plants”).
RGB: Initialism of red, green, blue; a color model in which colors are represented by adding varying amounts of red, green, and blue light.
RGB: Something extending across the RGB color space; (especially) something having a wide variety of vivid colors.
RGB: RGB lighting; lights (especially LEDs) able to display a wide range of colors by being able to individually adjust the strength of the red, green, and blue channels.
FOB: Initialism of forward operating base.
FOB: Initialism of flash of brilliance.
FOB: Initialism of freedom of belief.
FOB: Initialism of friend of Bill: a supporter of Bill Clinton.
FOB: Initialism of foot overbridge: a pedestrian overpass.
FOB: Initialism of fresh off the boat, a recent immigrant.
FOB: Abbreviation of fecal occult blood.
USS: Initialism of United States Ship.
SUT: Initialism of system under test.
BMW: A motor car manufactured by this company
BMW: A motorcycle manufactured by this company
BMW: Initialism of bitch, moan, and whine.
Sam: Synonym of Dicky Sam (“a man from Liverpool”)
alt: High pitch, of a voice or instrument; especially, the octave above the top line of the treble stave.
alt: A state of excitement, a heightened emotional condition.
alt: Clipping of altitude.
alt: An alternate or secondary character.
alt: An alternate account.
alt: An alternative investment or alternative fund.
alt: Synonym of altbier
wem: A spot, stain, or mark; (by extension) a (moral) blemish or fault.
yah: An upper-class person, especially a Sloane Ranger.
MYA: Initialism of million years ago.
ith: The letter ⟨(⟩, which stands for the th sound (/θ/) in Pitman shorthand.
tig: A capacious, flat-bottomed drinking cup, generally with four handles, formerly used for passing around the table at convivial entertainment.
tig: The children's game of tag.
wad: An amorphous, compact mass.
wad: A substantial pile (normally of money).
wad: A soft plug or seal, particularly as used between the powder and pellets in a shotgun cartridge, or earlier on the charge of a muzzleloader or cannon.
wad: A sandwich.
wad: An ejaculation of semen.
wad: Plumbago, graphite.
wad: Any black manganese oxide or hydroxide mineral rich rock in the oxidized zone of various ore deposits.
PKI: Initialism of Public Key Infrastructure (A computerised form of message encryption using two keys (small files). One is public and used by the sender to encrypt the message; the other is private and used by the recipient to decrypt it.)
PKI: Initialism of Partai Komunis Indonesia (“Communist Party of Indonesia”).
VPN: Initialism of virtual private network.
PGP: Initialism of preferred gender pronoun.
PGP: Initialism of pelvic girdle pain.
wer: A man; a male; a husband
wer: A fine for slaying a man; wergeld.
SAC: Acronym of senior aircraftman.
SAC: Initialism of saeculum ante Christum (“era before Christ”).
TAC: Acronym of tactical air command.
TAC: Short for tactical officer.
dop: A diving bird.
dop: . A drink.
dop: An imprecise measure of alcohol; a dash.
dop: A dip; a low courtesy.
dop: A little copper cup in which a diamond is held while being cut.
RBI: Initialism of run batted in.
RBI: Initialism of risk-based inspection.
elm: A tree of the genus Ulmus of the family Ulmaceae, large deciduous trees with alternate stipulate leaves and small apetalous flowers.
elm: Wood from an elm tree.
mob: A large or disorderly group of people; especially one bent on riotous or destructive action.
mob: The lower classes of a community; the rabble.
mob: A group of animals such as horses or cattle.
mob: A group of kangaroos.
mob: A flock of emus.
mob: A mafia: a group that engages in organized crime.
mob: A non-player character, especially one that exists to be fought or killed to further the progression of the story or game.
mob: A group of Aboriginal people associated with an extended family group, clan group or wider community group, from a particular place or country.
mob: A promiscuous woman; a harlot or wench; a prostitute.
mob: A mob cap.
mob: Abbreviation of mobile phone.
gol: Alternative form of gul
ses: Alternative spelling of sess (sensimilla)
urn: A vase with a footed base.
urn: A metal vessel for serving tea or coffee.
urn: A vessel for the ashes or cremains of a deceased person.
urn: Any place of burial; the grave.
urn: A measure of capacity for liquids, containing about three gallons and a half, wine measure. It was half the amphora, and four times the congius.
urn: A hollow body shaped like an urn, in which the spores of mosses are contained; a spore case; a theca.
nad: noun animate dependent
asf: Initialism of age-sex-from: what is your age, what sex are you, and where are you from?
ERC: Initialism of easily-recognizable code.
ERC: Initialism of early repayment charge.
ERC: Initialism of early career researcher.
PCV: Initialism of passenger-carrying vehicle (typically, a bus)
PCV: Initialism of positive crankcase ventilation.
PCV: Initialism of permanent capital vehicle.
max: Clipping of maximum.
max: An extreme, a great extent.
max: Gin.
ard: A simple plough consisting of a spike dragged through the soil.
G&T: Initialism of gin and tonic.
mil: An angular mil, a unit of angular measurement equal to ¹⁄₆₄₀₀ of a complete circle. At 1000 metres one mil subtends about one metre (0.98 m). Also ¹⁄₆₀₀₀ and ¹⁄₆₃₀₀ are used in other countries.
mil: A unit of measurement equal to ¹⁄₁₀₀₀ of an inch (25.4 µm), usually used for thin objects, such as sheets of plastic.
mil: a former subdivision (¹⁄₁₀₀₀) of the Maltese lira
mil: Abbreviation of million.
mil: Clipping of milliliter; mL.
fud: Alternative form of fuddy-duddy
fud: Alternative letter-case form of FUD
vim: Ready vitality and vigour.
lek: An aggregation of male animals for the purposes of courtship and display.
lek: The currency unit of Albania, divided into 100 qindarka.
CDE: Initialism of coastal depositional environment.
tug: A sudden powerful pull.
tug: A tugboat.
tug: A kind of vehicle used for conveying timber and heavy articles.
tug: A trace, or drawing strap, of a harness.
tug: A dog toy consisting of a rope, often with a knot in it.
tug: An iron hook of a hoisting tub, to which a tackle is affixed.
tug: An act of male masturbation.
VDU: Initialism of visual display unit.
UHF: Initialism of Ultra High Frequency.
Ted: A Teddy boy.
RDF: Initialism of Resource Description Framework, used for conceptual modelling of information on the Web.
RDF: Initialism of radio direction finding.
RDF: Initialism of reality distortion field, used for describing how exposure to a charismatic person can change people's behavior.
RDF: Initialism of random dopant fluctuation, used in semiconductor process development. RDF is a significant cause of MOS Threshold Voltage variation in nanometer scale devices.
RDF: Initialism of radial distribution function.
RDF: Initialism of refuse-derived fuel.
RDF: Initialism of Rwanda Defence Force.
HPV: Initialism of human papillomavirus.
HPV: Initialism of hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction.
HPV: Initialism of human-powered vehicle.
HPV: Abbreviation of hydrogen peroxide vapor.
nth: The item at position n in a sequence.
nth: The item in a relatively large but unspecified position in a series.
zij: An Islamic book that tabulates parameters used for various astronomical events and movements.
AFL: Initialism of abstract family of languages.
AFL: Initialism of adaptive front light.
AFL: The game of Australian rules football
tab: A small flap or strip of material attached to something, for holding, manipulation, identification, opening etc.
tab: An ear.
tab: A navigational widget, resembling a physical tab, for switching between documents or sets of controls.
tab: The page or form associated with such a navigational widget.
tab: A fast march or run with full kit.
tab: A restaurant bill.
tab: Credit account, e.g., in a shop or bar; slate
tab: The cost or bill for anything.
tab: A space character that extends to the next aligned column, traditionally used for tabulation.
tab: A cigarette.
tab: A form of musical notation indicating fingering rather than the pitch of notes, commonly used for stringed instruments.
tab: A student of Cambridge University.
tab: A tabloid newspaper.
tab: A tablet, especially one containing illicit drugs.
tab: A tableau curtain.
zar: A religious set of beliefs and practices in parts of northern Africa and the Middle East, involving the possession of an individual (usually female) by a type of spirit.
MUX: Abbreviation of multiplexor.
WPC: Initialism of woman police constable, a former police rank.
mux: Dirt, filth or muck.
mux: A multiplexer.
SDK: Initialism of software development kit
SDK: Initialism of single digit kyu.
DPC: Initialism of deferred procedure call. A software interrupt triggered by the kernel when it detects a "hung" condition deep within a thread or process it is attempting to terminate. In general, this allows the process to complete its work before the impending termination or context switch.
DPC: Initialism of detective police constable.
DPC: Initialism of District Police Chief. A police officer in charge of a police district in the Kerala State Police.
DCL: Initialism of Doctor of Civil Law.
DCL: Initialism of double-checked locking.
DCL: Initialism of data control language.
API: Initialism of active pharmaceutical ingredient.
API: Initialism of application programming interface.
API: Initialism of Asian and Pacific Islander.
API: Initialism of advanced primer ignition.
øre: A currency unit worth one hundredth of a Norwegian and Danish krone.
øre: Misspelling of öre.
EMS: electronics manufacturing service: a type of OEM (original equipment manufacturer) service.
EMS: emergency medical service: an organization, often part of a local government whose purpose is to provide emergency medical care to the public.
EMS: express mail service: a type of international express mail services.
EMS: Expanded Memory Specification
EMS: environmental management system
MCO: Initialism of miscellaneous charge order.
MCO: Initialism of managed care organization.
MCO: Initialism of movement control order.
PDA: Initialism of personal digital assistant.
PDA: Initialism of public display of affection.
PDA: Initialism of pushdown automaton.
PDA: Initialism of property damage accident.
PDA: Initialism of pathological demand avoidance.
PDA: Initialism of patent ductus arteriosus.
PDA: Initialism of production data acquisition.
PDA: Initialism of peridural anesthesia.
PDA: Initialism of program derived address.
RTA: Initialism of radio and television arts.
RTA: Initialism of road traffic accident.
RTA: Initialism of real-time attack.
RTA: Initialism of renal tubular acidosis.
RTA: Initialism of real-time adjudication.
GLC: Initialism of gas-liquid chromatography.
JFK: A half-dollar coin in honor of president John F. Kennedy.
coo: The murmuring sound made by a dove or pigeon.
coo: An expression of pleasure made by a person.
yup: A yes; an affirmative answer.
yup: Clipping of yuppie.
mom: Mother.
mom: Mother.
mom: used as a term of address for one's wife
mom: An adult female owner of a pet.
zax: A tool, similar to a hatchet, used to prepare slate for roofing.
min: Abbreviation of minute.
min: Clipping of minute.
min: Memory; remembrance.
min: Abbreviation of minimum.
min: Clipping of minimum.
vii: Initialism of verb inanimate intransitive.
var: Abbreviation of variable.
var: Abbreviation of variance.
var: A unit of electrical power, in an AC circuit, equal to the power dissipated when 1 volt produces a current of 1 ampere.
var: Clipping of Anavar.
RMB: Initialism of roadside mailbox: part of a postal system used in rural areas where several houses collect their mail from a cluster of mailboxes at the roadside.
RMB: Initialism of Royal Marine Base.
RMB: Initialism of right mouse button.
AFB: Initialism of air force base.
AFB: Initialism of acid-fast bacillus.
AFB: Initialism of American foulbrood.
IED: Initialism of Intelligent Electronic Device (a sensor, actuator, or PLC used as part of a SCADA system)
IED: Initialism of Interlingua-English Dictionary (the first dictionary of Interlingua)
IED: Initialism of interictal epileptiform discharge (a type of brain waves related to epilepsy)
IED: Initialism of improvised explosive device.
IED: Initialism of intermittent explosive disorder.
ANC: Initialism of absolute neutrophil count: a blood test measuring the number of neutrophil granulocytes.
ANC: Initialism of antenatal care.
ANC: Initialism of active noise control.
B&B: Initialism of bed and breakfast (“guesthouse”).
NAS: Initialism of naval air station.
NAS: Initialism of network-attached storage.
NAS: Initialism of neonatal abstinence syndrome.
ANA: Initialism of anti-nuclear antibody.
ANA: Initialism of animal nursing assistant.
BMX: Bicycle motocross, a form of cycling on BMX bikes, originating in California in the 1970s.
BMX: A BMX bike.
ATV: Initialism of all-terrain vehicle. (an astride-seated quad or tri-wheeled off-road recreational vehicle)
ATV: Initialism of Automated Transfer Vehicle.
ATV: Initialism of amateur television.
ATV: Initialism of airport transit visa.
ATV: Abbreviation of atazanavir.
pf.: Abbreviation of perfect.
pf.: Abbreviation of perfective aspect.
ope: Alley or narrow passage (an opening between houses, buildings, etc).
vas: A vessel or duct transporting any bodily fluid, such as blood, lymph, chyle, or semen.
vas: The vas deferens.
goo: Any semi-solid or liquid substance; especially one that is sticky, gummy or slippery, unpleasant, and of vague or unknown composition, such as slime or semen.
goo: Excessive, showy sentimentality.
goo: A noise made by a baby trying to imitate speech.
dah: The spoken representation of a dash in radio and telegraph Morse code.
dah: A long knife or sword with a round cross-section grip, a long, gently curving blade with a single edge, and no guard.
fps: Initialism of frames per second.
fps: Initialism of feet per second.
HTR: Initialism of hard tissue replacement.
HTR: Initialism of high temperature reactor.
vol: A heraldic symbol consisting of a pair of outstretched wings, often conjoined at their shoulders.
vol: Clipping of volatility.
vol: Abbreviation of volume; also vol.
EGR: Acronym of exhaust gas recirculation.
OEM: A company that produces parts to be sold under another company's brand.
OEM: A value-added reseller; company selling goods assembled from other companies' parts.
OEM: All makers prior to initial retail sale, in contrast to aftermarket.
OEM: Initialism of Office of Emergency Management.
dit: A ditty, a little melody.
dit: A word; a decree.
dit: The spoken representation of a dot in radio and telegraph Morse code.
dit: decimal digit
CID: caller identification; a feature that identifies the phone number of the caller.
CID: Abbreviation of combat identification. (compare IFF)
CID: Acronym of center/centre instrument display.
CID: Initialism of criminal investigation/investigative division/department.
nom: Clipping of nomination.
nom: Clipping of nominator.
nom: Clipping of nominee.
pix: Obsolete spelling of pyx
NCO: Initialism of Number Controlled Oscillator.
NCO: Initialism of non-commissioned officer.
DUI: Initialism of driving under the influence (of drugs or alcohol).
STP: Initialism of sewage treatment plant.
STP: Initialism of standard temperature and pressure.
STP: Initialism of spanning tree protocol.
STP: Initialism of shielded twisted pair.
STP: Initialism of stand-to-pee.
STP: A hallucinogen (2,5-dimethoxy-4-methylamphetamine), chemically related to amphetamine but with LSD-like effects.
æra: Archaic spelling of era.
lax: A salmon.
lax: Lacrosse.
UXB: Initialism of unexploded bomb.
UXO: Initialism of unexploded ordnance.
dib: A dibber (gardening tool)
dib: One of the small bones in the knee joints of sheep uniting the bones above and below the joints.
NDE: Initialism of near-death experience.
kan: Archaic form of khan.
kan: A Japanese unit of weight, approximately 3.75 kg or 8.267 lb.
kan: A catty, legally defined as 0.60478982 kilograms.
sem: Clipping of seminary.
sem: Clipping of semester.
sem: Clipping of semicolon.
APO: Air Post Office (both Army and Air Force)
APO: Army Post Office
APO: Air Force Post Office
VFD: Initialism of vacuum fluorescent display.
VFD: Initialism of variable-frequency drive.
VFD: Initialism of volunteer fire department.
FPO: Initialism of frame pointer omission.
FPO: Initialism of floating point operation.
FPO: Initialism of fleet post office (mailing address for Navy and Marines, sometimes APO is substituted.)
FPO: Initialism of follow-on public offering.
BFE: Initialism of bachelor of forest engineering.
BFE: Initialism of buyer furnished equipment (e.g. galleys and galley equipment in aircraft)
BFE: Initialism of base flood elevation.
BFE: Initialism of boyfriend experience.
c/o: Initialism of certificate of origin, a document describing a product's country of origin.
bod: The body.
bod: A person.
FOI: Initialism of freedom of information (legislation)
alf: A supernatural being similar to an elf; one of the Dǫkkálfar or Ljósalfar.
com: Abbreviation of committee.
com: Abbreviation of communication.
com: Abbreviation of command.
hew: Destruction by cutting down or hewing.
hew: Hue; colour.
hew: Shape; form.
taj: A tall brimless hat, usually conical or curved on top, worn in Muslim countries as a sign of distinction and prestige.
taj: A crown worn by Indian princes as a sign of high rank.
CGI: Initialism of Computer-Generated Imagery.
ESD: Initialism of electrostatic discharge; static electricity.
ESD: Initialism of electrostatic-sensitive device.
ESD: Initialism of equivalent spherical diameter.
ERA: Initialism of Earth rotation angle (the rotation of the Earth from the Celestial Intermediate Origin that has no instantaneous motion along the equator.)
ERA: Initialism of earned run average, a baseball statistic.
ERA: Initialism of electrically reconfigurable array.
ERA: Initialism of explosive reactive armor.
ERA: Initialism of engine room artificer., a Royal Navy position
QPR: Initialism of queerplatonic relationship.
QPR: Initialism of quarterly platform release.
rib: Any of a series of long curved bones occurring in 12 pairs in humans and other animals and extending from the spine to or toward the sternum.
rib: A part or piece, similar to a rib, and serving to shape or support something.
rib: A cut of meat enclosing one or more rib bones.
rib: Any of several curved members attached to a ship's keel and extending upward and outward to form the framework of the hull.
rib: Any of several transverse pieces that provide an aircraft wing with shape and strength.
rib: A long, narrow, usually arched member projecting from the surface of a structure, especially such a member separating the webs of a vault
rib: A raised ridge in knitted material or in cloth.
rib: The main, or any of the prominent veins of a leaf.
rib: A teasing joke.
rib: A single strand of hair.
rib: A stalk of celery.
rib: A wife or woman.
rib: Hound's-tongue (Cynoglossum officinale).
rib: Costmary (Tanacetum balsamita).
rib: Watercress (Nasturtium officinale).
CAP: Initialism of conservation action plan.
CAP: Initialism of catabolite activator protein.
CAP: Initialism of community-acquired pneumonia.
CAP: Initialism of consistency, availability, partition-tolerance, three irreconcilable guarantees in distributed systems, a result known as Brewer's theorem.
CAP: Initialism of combat air patrol.
CAP: Initialism of change acceleration process.
CAP: Initialism of colors and placements.
QTF: Initialism of quality task force.
CLP: Initialism of Constituency Labour Party.
DWH: Initialism of data warehouse.
BRS: Initialism of booking reservation system.
BRS: Initialism of bus rapid service.
RFP: Initialism of request for proposal.
RFP: Initialism of request for production.
EDI: Initialism of electronic data interchange.
EDI: Initialism of equity/equality, diversity, and inclusion.
ENT: Initialism of ear, nose and throat.
ENT: An otorhinolaryngologist; an ear, nose and throat doctor.
SOA: Initialism of state of the art.
SOA: Initialism of semiconductor optical amplifier, a device that amplifies an optical signal directly.
SOA: Initialism of safe operating area, the current conditions over which a device can be expected to operate without self-damage.
SOA: Initialism of stimulus onset asynchrony, the time interval between the onset of a first stimulus and the onset of a second stimulus.
SOA: Initialism of search-oriented architecture.
SOA: Initialism of service-oriented architecture.
SOA: Initialism of start of authority, a record that identifies the authoritative name server for a specific DNS database segment.
SOA: Initialism of statement of account.
SOA: Initialism of super output area.
SME: Initialism of small and medium-sized enterprise or small- to medium-sized enterprise.
SME: Initialism of subject matter expert.
asp: A water snake.
asp: A venomous viper native to southwestern Europe (Vipera aspis).
asp: The Egyptian cobra (Naja haje).
asp: An evil person; a snake.
asp: A type of European fish (Aspius aspius).
asp: The aspen tree.
asp: Initialism of Act of the Scottish Parliament.
ADT: Abbreviation of Adult.
ADT: Initialism of astronomy diagnostic test.
ADT: Initialism of Automatic Double Tracking.
ADT: Initialism of acknowledged data transfer.
ADT: Initialism of advanced DRAM technology.
ADT: Initialism of admissions, discharge, transfer.
ADT: Initialism of American Discovery Trail.
ADT: Initialism of accumulated deployed time.
ADT: Initialism of active duty for training.
ADT: Initialism of ative duty tour.
ADT: Initialism of Active Denial Technology.
ADT: Initialism of abstract data type.
ADT: Initialism of algebraic data type.
ADT: Initialism of accelerated degradation testing.
ADT: Initialism of Average Daily Traffic.
ADT: Initialism of androgen deprivation therapy.
tol: Lot.
ROE: Initialism of return on equity. — A measure of how well a company used reinvested earnings to generate additional earnings.
ROE: Initialism of rule(s) of engagement. — a/the rule(s) governing when to fire or return fire
ROE: Abbreviation of record of employment.
SSL: Initialism of Start-Stop Logic.
SSL: Initialism of Spanish Second Language.
SSL: Initialism of Spanish Sign Language.
SSL: Initialism of sound scattering layer.
abs: The abdominal muscles. plural of ab
abs: Acronym of absolute temperature.
abs: Initialism of absolute value function.
Ann: Abbreviation of anniversary.
deo: deodorant
RIB: Rigid inflatable boat — A lightweight inflatable boat with a rigid hull.
RIB: routing information base
CTR: Initialism of click-through rate.
CTR: Initialism of cash transaction report.
CTR: Initialism of currency transaction report.
DVM: Initialism of Doctor of Veterinary Medicine.
DVM: Initialism of digital voltmeter.
DVM: Initialism of Dalvik Virtual Machine.
VMD: Initialism of veterinary medical doctor.
rpm: Alternative letter-case form of RPM
SCO: Abbreviation of sharable content object. (a standardized learning object that can communicate to learning management and content management systems)
hax: Hacks, hacking.
hax: Crucial luck-based events in battles.
ait: An island in a river, especially the River Thames in England.
ait: An oat.
NAK: A negative ACK; a response indicating that a message was not fully received, or that there was a problem with the message.
ACK: An acknowledgement either of a packet or a message received from a network.
def: Abbreviation of definition.
def: Abbreviation of deficit.
FNG: Initialism of fucking new guy.
PIG: Persuade, Identify, GOTV, an electoral technique commonly employed in the United Kingdom.
PIG: Police in gear.
PIG: Acronym of pipe inspection gauge.
cay: A small, low island largely made of sand or coral.
cay: Obsolete spelling of quay (“structure for loading vessels”).
tib: A tibia.
tib: A working-class woman.
tib: A prostitute.
tib: A young girl, a sweetheart.
Abo: Alternative letter-case form of abo
Alt: A modifier key used to change (alternate) the function of other pressed keys.
dux: The top (male or female) academic student in a school, or in a year of school; the top student in a specified academic discipline.
dux: A high-ranking commander in the Roman army, responsible for more than one legion.
dux: The subject of a fugue, answered by the comes.
Bio: Abbreviation of biology.
Ave: An Ave Maria.
Boa: A member of a Bwa-speaking ethnic group of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ben: A US$100 bill, which bears a portrait of Benjamin Franklin. Often used in the plural form to indicate large sums of money.
Cat: A piece of heavy machinery, such as a backhoe, of the Caterpillar brand.
Cat: A Catalina flying boat.
Cub: A member of the Cub Scouts.
Cub: A player on the team the "Chicago Cubs".
DSL: Initialism of domain-specific language.
DSL: Initialism of digital subscriber line.
DSL: Initialism of dicksucking lips.
DSL: Initialism of deep scattering layer.
DSL: Initialism of designated safeguarding lead.
Del: Abbreviation of Delete (“key of a computer keyboard that deletes text, files, etc.”).
Bug: A Volkswagen Beetle car.
Bug: A Bugatti car.
Doc: A Doc Marten shoe or boot.
Dem: Clipping of Democrat.
Chi: Clipping of Chihuahua.
tel: Abbreviation of telephone number.
tel: Abbreviation of telegraph.
tel: Abbreviation of telegram.
tel: Alternative form of tell (“hill or mound”)
End: A key that when pressed causes the cursor to go to the last character of the current line.
Elk: A member of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks, an American fraternal order.
Elk: An Acorn Electron computer.
Fab: A member of The Beatles.
Fab: Abbreviation of fragment antigen-binding.
Dai: An ethnic group of China, one of the 55 officially-recognized minorities.
Dai: A member of the ethnic group.
Bob: A generic male person.
Ft.: Alternative form of Ft
Fur: A member of a Nilo-Saharan people of western Sudan.
Dr.: Alternative form of Dr: abbreviation of doctor.
Dr.: Abbreviation of drive (type of public roadway, when part of a specific street’s name).
Fra: a title for a Roman Catholic monk or friar; equivalent to Brother
Fri: Abbreviation of Friday.
Fr.: Abbreviation of Father, a title given to priests.
Gin: An ethnic Vietnamese, in reference to those whose lands are in China.
Gem: A native or resident of the American state of Idaho.
Jag: A Jaguar car.
Ivy: A university that is part of the Ivy League.
Guy: An effigy of Guy Fawkes burned on Bonfire Night
Hun: A member of a nomadic tribe (the Huns) who invaded Europe in the fourth century from Central Asia.
Hun: A vandal, a barbarian, an uncivilized destructive person.
Hun: A German.
Hun: A Protestant.
Hun: A Rangers Football Club supporter; an Orangeman.
Dan: Alternative form of dan (title of honour)
ISO: A disk image of an ISO 9660 file system (such as a CD or DVD); also used as the file extension for such a file.
ISO: A measure of film sensitivity or brightness, derived from the ISO standard.
ISO: Abbreviation of instrument-shaped object. Used to refer to a musical instrument that is of very low quality.
ISO: Initialism of Imperial Service Order.
ISO: Initialism of incentive stock option.
Lab: Diminutive of Labrador (a breed of dog)
Maj: Abbreviation of majesty.
Maj: Abbreviation of major. Alternative form of Maj.
Med: Abbreviation of medical.
Med: Abbreviation of medicine.
Mar: A title of respect in Syriac, given to all saints and also used before the Christian names of bishops.
Ms.: US and Canada standard form of Ms.
Mt.: Abbreviation of mount.
Mt.: Abbreviation of mountain.
Met: A Metropolitan line train.
Met: A player for the New York Mets.
Mom: prefix of a female commoner who marries a royal prince.
Mme: Abbreviation of Madame.
Nan: radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter N.
Nip: A Japanese person.
POH: Initialism of powered-on hours.
Mac: Used to address a man whose name is unknown.
Mac: A Macintosh computer (made by Apple Inc.).
Mon: Abbreviation of Monday.
Mon: A member of a people living primarily in the Mon State of Myanmar (also known as Burma), and in Thailand.
Pat: An Irish person.
Mr.: Abbreviation of mister. A title used before the surname in theory, though not generally in practice, above some undefined social level, too old to be addressed as “Master”, not a knight or of some higher rank, and, in Britain though not in the United States, not entitled to be addressed as “Dr.”.
Rd.: Abbreviation of road.
Rep: Clipping of Republican.
Job: A person who shows remarkable patience, especially in the face of great misfortune.
Pop: A social club and debating society at Eton College.
Pop: The body of college prefects.
Rho: Any of a family of GTP-binding proteins
Sat: Abbreviation of Saturday.
Red: A Communist.
Red: A supporter of a sports team who wears red as part of their kit.
Pan: Ellipsis of Peter Pan.
Sir: Alternative letter-case form of sir.
Sir: The titular prefix given to a knight or baronet.
Sir: A respectful term of address or reference to a man of higher rank or position before the man's given name or nickname.
Sue: Synonym of Mary Sue (“type of character in fiction”)
St.: Abbreviation of street (in names of specific streets, not as a common noun)
St.: Abbreviation of Saint (always capitalized).
St.: Abbreviation of state (pertaining to US states)
Tat: A member of an Iranian people, presently living within Azerbaijan, Armenia and southern Dagestan in Russia.
Tai: A descendant of speakers of a common proto-Tai language, including subpopulations which no longer speak a Tai language.
Val: Clipping of Valley girl.
Wed: Alternative spelling of Wed.
Tom: Synonym of menstruation.
Tom: Ellipsis of Uncle Tom..
Leo: Someone with a Leo star sign
Leo: A Leonberger
VAT: Initialism of value added tax.
VAT: Initialism of Vigilance awareness training.
Van: A Van cat.
Van: A Turkish Van cat.
COD: cash on delivery or collect on delivery
COD: cause of death
Zen: Alternative letter-case form of zen: (religion) enlightenment and (informal) mindful action, instruction, or behavior considered similar to Zen.
God: A being such as a monotheistic God: a single divine creator and ruler of the universe.
MAC: Initialism of maximum allowable concentration, the maximum concentration of a pollutant which is considered harmless to healthy adults during their working hours, assuming they breathe uncontaminated air at all other times.
MAC: Initialism of mandatory access control.
MAC: Initialism of media access control: the portion of Ethernet, Wi-Fi 802.11 wireless, Bluetooth, FDDI, ATM, and Fibre Channel networks that controls which hardware devices have access to the media over which signals are sent.
MAC: Initialism of mean aerodynamic chord.
MAC: Initialism of mid-air collision.
MAC: Initialism of message authentication code.
MAC: Initialism of merchant aircraft carrier.
MAC: Initialism of magnetic accelerator cannon.
MAC: Initialism of Migration Authorisation Code.
MAC: Initialism of membrane attack complex, a part of the complement system of the innate immune system.
MAC: Initialism of multiply and accumulate, a hardware module found in digital signal processors which performs a multiplication and adds the result of that operation to an accumulator in the same cycle, used extensively in implementations of digital filters, transforms, and codecs.
MAC: Initialism of Mycobacterium avium complex.
MAC: Initialism of minimum alveolar concentration.
MAC: Initialism of monitored anesthesia care.
lbf: pound-force (unit of force)
CHB: Initialism of concrete hollow block.
jew: The jewfish.
jew: Alternative letter-case form of Jew (“a Jewish person”)
ama: Alternative spelling of amah
ama: A traditional Japanese pearl diver, typically female.
ama: The float on the outrigger of a proa or trimaran.
ama: A toxic byproduct of improper or incomplete digestion.
ama: Fabric made from the hair of a camel or goat.
ama: paternal grandmother; paternal grandma
ama: term of address for one's paternal grandmother
jan: Obsolete form of jinn.
AEC: Initialism of associated equipment company.
AEC: Initialism of architecture, engineering and construction.
AEC: Initialism of automatic exposure control.
CDT: Initialism of Central Daylight Time.
CDT: initialism of C/C++ Development Toolkit of Eclipse
CDT: Initialism of clock draw task.
CDT: craft, design, and technology
Sun: Abbreviation of Sunday.
ABA: Initialism of applied behavior analysis.
CST: Initialism of concrete syntax tree.
CST: Initialism of convulsive shock treatment.
CST: Abbreviation of constable.
CSA: Initialism of combined statistical area.
CSA: Initialism of community service announcement.
CSA: Initialism of Cartan subalgebra.
CSA: Initialism of central simple algebra.
CSA: Initialism of community-supported agriculture.
CSA: Initialism of child sexual abuse.
rog: Intoxication through freebasing.
rog: an interrogatory (sense 1)
ed.: Abbreviation of education.
ed.: Abbreviation of edition.
ed.: Abbreviation of editor.
GMR: Initialism of giant magnetoresistance.
RIC: Initialism of resin identification code.
PBR: Initialism of patrol boat, rigid, a type of river patrol boat used by the US Navy during the Vietnam War
PBR: Initialism of plastic baton round, a type of non-lethal projectile more commonly known as the plastic bullet
PBR: Initialism of pebble-bed reactor.
PBR: Initialism of policy-based routing.
PBR: Initialism of potential biological removal.
PBR: Initialism of point-blank range.
PBR: Initialism of physically based rendering.
AMA: Initialism of ask me anything.
PSW: Initialism of program status word.
PSW: Initialism of persistent-state world: one that continues to exist even when no players are present.
PSW: Initialism of personal support worker.
TWA: An airliner of Trans World Airlines.
TWA: A teeny-weeny afro, a short hairstyle.
WWU: Initialism of weighted work unit.
EST: Initialism of expressed sequence tag.
UCO: Initialism of used cooking oil (for biodiesel)
UCO: Initialism of undercover officer.
jod: Alternative spelling of yodh
POF: Initialism of premature ovarian failure.
Ltd: Alternative spelling of Ltd.
EDM: Initialism of early day motion.
EDM: Initialism of electrical discharge machining.
EDM: Initialism of electronic document management.
EDM: Initialism of entity data model.
EDM: Initialism of engineering data management.
EDM: Initialism of electronic dance music.
DAB: Initialism of digital audio broadcasting.
TSE: Initialism of testicular self-examination.
TSE: Initialism of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy.
TSE: Initialism of torque shader engine.
kuh: The sound produced in English by the letter k or a hard c.
sam: surface-to-air missile
sam: Federal narcotics agent.
joe: A male; a guy; a fellow.
joe: A spy, especially a double agent.
joe: Synonym of johannes (“An old Portuguese gold coin bearing a figure of John V of Portugal.”)
joe: Coffee.
joe: Alternative form of jo (“a darling or sweetheart”)
vox: The voice, especially one's singing voice; vocals.
vox: Ellipsis of vox pop.
rie: Obsolete form of rye.
FMS: Initialism of false memory syndrome.
FMS: Initialism of fibromyalgia syndrome.
FMS: Initialism of facial masculinization surgery.
KBO: Initialism of Kuiper belt object.
goa: A Tibetan gazelle of species Procapra picticaudata, an antelope that inhabits the Tibetan Plateau.
meg: Any unit having the SI prefix mega-.
meg: a dollar
meg: a nutmeg
meg: A megalodon.
dee: The name of the Latin-script letter D.
dee: Something shaped like the letter D, such as a dee lock.
dee: Police detective.
CGS: Initialism of centimeter-gram-second; a system of measurement taking these as its fundamental units, now replaced by the SI system.
CGS: Initialism of Canadian Government Ship.
CGS: Initialism of cultural group selection.
hei: Alternative spelling of he (Hebrew letter)
GFI: Initialism of ground fault interrupt.
DBA: Initialism of database analyst.
DBA: Initialism of database administrator.
DBA: Initialism of daily benefit amount.
DBA: Initialism of dibenzylideneacetone.
DBA: Initialism of Doctor of Business Administration.
SSN: Acronym of social security number.
SSN: Acronym of sub-surface nuclear — a nuclear-powered attack submarine.
kir: A cocktail made with a measure of crème de cassis topped up with white wine.
COE: Initialism of code of ethics.
COE: Initialism of college of education.
COE: Initialism of college of engineering.
COE: Initialism of center of excellence.
COE: Initialism of cab over engine.
COE: Initialism of confirmation of enrolment.
COE: Initialism of close of escrow.
COE: Initialism of Certificate of Entitlement.
GED: Initialism of General Educational Development.
GED: Initialism of general education degree/diploma.
FQT: Initialism of formal qualification testing, used to determine whether an item will be acceptable to a customer.
TLD: Initialism of top-level domain.
TLD: Abbreviation of thermoluminescent detector.
TLD: Abbreviation of thermoluminescent device.
TLD: Abbreviation of thermoluminescent dosimeter.
hog: Any animal belonging to the Suidae family of mammals, especially the pig, the warthog, and the boar.
hog: An adult swine (contrasted with a pig, a young swine).
hog: A greedy person or thing; one who refuses to share.
hog: A large motorcycle, particularly a Harley-Davidson.
hog: A young sheep that has not been shorn.
hog: A rough, flat scrubbing broom for scrubbing a ship's bottom under water.
hog: A device for mixing and stirring the pulp from which paper is made.
hog: A shilling coin; its value, 12 old pence.
hog: A tanner, a sixpence coin; its value.
hog: A half-crown coin; its value, 30 old pence.
hog: The effect of the middle of the hull of a ship rising while the ends droop.
hog: A penis.
hog: A quahog (clam)
NED: Acronym of non-educated delinquent.
MOW: Initialism of meals on wheels.
DID: Initialism of direct inward dialing.
DID: Initialism of dissociative identity disorder.
DID: Initialism of damsel in distress.
DID: Initialism of digital input device.
DCH: Initialism of Diploma in Child Health.
DCH: Initialism of dedicated channel (in UMTS).
DOC: Initialism of drug of choice.
DOC: Initialism of Department of Corrections.
DOC: Initialism of dissolved organic carbon.
LPN: Initialism of licensed practical nurse.
LPN: Initialism of Low-Power Network.
fug: A heavy, musty, stuffy or unpleasant atmosphere, usually in a poorly-ventilated area.
fug: A state of lethargy and confusion; daze.
fug: A state of chaos or confusion.
fug: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fug: Used as an intensifier.
fug: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fug: Something of little value.
fug: Euphemistic form of fuck.
fug: A contemptible person.
DEQ: Initialism of department of environmental quality.
DEQ: Initialism of Delivered Ex Quay.
DPS: Initialism of Delivery Point Sequence (a system of automated letter sorting used by the United States Postal Service.)
DPS: Initialism of damage per second (a standard way to calculate the damage dealt to other players or creatures in online role-playing games.)
DPS: Initialism of damage per second (a standard way to calculate the damage dealt to other players or creatures in online role-playing games.)
DPS: A player or unit whose primary role is to deal the maximum amount of damage possible (as opposed to holding the attention of the enemy, healing, or other tasks).
DPS: Initialism of disintegration per second.
DPS: Initialism of designated premises supervisor.
NHS: Initialism of National Historic Site.
TOS: Initialism of terms of service.
TOS: Initialism of thoracic outlet syndrome.
POA: Initialism of power of attorney.
FSA: Initialism of flexible spending account.
FSA: Initialism of forward sortation area (postal system code)
FSA: Initialism of finite-state automaton.
FSA: Initialism of firm-specific advantage.
FSA: Initialism of Florida State Assessment.
FOP: Initialism of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva.
FOP: Initialism of freedom of panorama.
FOP: Initialism of form of payment.
FOP: Initialism of fly over people. individuals who reside between the two coasts of the US, with the exception of a few major cities; considered a derogatory term because of the voting block in the mostly red states
SIS: Initialism of second impact syndrome.
SIS: Initialism of snow immersion suffocation.
SIS: Initialism of student information system.
SIS: Initialism of supervised injection site.
SIS: Acronym of share-in-savings.
DST: Initialism of daylight saving time.
ICE: Acronym of internal combustion engine, internal-combustion engine.
ICE: Initialism of internal compiler error.
ICE: in-circuit emulator, in-circuit emulation
ICE: Initialism of In Case of Emergency (used in mobile phones followed by the number to call if the phone’s owner is injured)
ICE: Initialism of in-car entertainment.
ICE: Initialism of International Cultural Exchange.
ICE: Initialism of ice, compress, elevation (first-aid)
ICE: Initialism of intercontinental exchange.
twp: Abbreviation of township.
twp: A fool.
BVM: Blessed Virgin Mary
BVM: bag valve mask
eid: Alternative letter-case form of Eid
eid: An isthmus or narrow neck of land jutting out into the sea; a sandbank cast up by the sea across the head of an open bight or inlet and having a lagoon inside it.
MCL: Initialism of medial collateral ligament.
CMH: Initialism of community mental health.
MCR: Initialism of middle common room.
MCR: Initialism of masters' common room.
PSO: Initialism of public safety officer.
PSO: Initialism of protective services officer.
PSO: Abbreviation of Pakistan State Oil.
PSO: Initialism of protostellar object.
PSO: Initialism of penalty shootout.
CPO: Initialism of County Prosecutor's Office.
CPO: Initialism of Chief Procurement Officer.
CPO: Initialism of Chief Petty Officer.
CPO: Initialism of Civil Police Officer.
CPO: Initialism of Certified Pre-Owned. (referring to a used car with a manufacturer's warranty)
CPO: Initialism of charge point operator.
CPO: Initialism of certified pool operator.
PPO: Initialism of personal protection order.
PPO: Initialism of personal protection officer.
PPO: Initialism of preferred provider organization.
PPO: Initialism of polypropylene oxide.
PPO: Initialism of polyphenol oxidase.
HHS: Initialism of harness hang syndrome.
CAA: Initialism of court-appointed attorney.
CAA: Initialism of civil aviation authority. (the national aviation authority (NAA) for civil aviation)
APA: Initialism of asset purchase agreement.
APA: Initialism of assistant prosecuting attorney.
APA: Initialism of amateur press association.
APA: Initialism of Asian or Pacific American.
OTC: Initialism of Ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency.
AAL: Initialism of anterior axillary line.
AAL: Initialism of asynchronous transfer mode adaption layer; ATM adaption layer.
AAL: Initialism of attorney at law.
ADR: Adverse drug reaction.
ADR: Alternative dispute resolution.
ADR: American depository receipt.
ADR: "Additional dialogue replacement", "automatic dialogue replacement", "automated dialogue replacement", or "audio dialogue replacement"; replacement of an actor's voice with that of another actor, usually for translation purposes (professionally referred to as revoicing or dubbing).
ADR: Ain't doin' right (the situation where an animal appears unwell but has not yet been diagnosed with any specific illness).
BAC: Initialism of blood alcohol concentration or content
BAC: Initialism of born-again Christian.
BAC: Initialism of bronchioloalveolar carcinoma.
BAC: Initialism of bacterial artificial chromosome.
COA: Initialism of court of appeals.
COA: Initialism of certificate of authenticity.
COA: Initialism of certificate of analysis.
COA: Initialism of chart of accounts.
COA: Alternative form of CoA
ADL: Initialism of activities of daily living, a set of activities such as bathing, feeding, or relieving oneself.
ADL: Initialism of argument-dependent lookup, a feature of C++ in which the compiler chooses a function based on its argument.
OCD: Initialism of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
OCD: Initialism of osteochondritis dissecans.
App: Alternative form of app
FMV: Initialism of full motion video.
FMV: Initialism of fair market value.
ghi: Alternative spelling of ghee
EOB: Initialism of explanation of benefits.
EOB: Initialism of end of business (the end of the business day)
NMN: Initialism of no middle name.
NMN: Nicotinamide mononucleotide
dpi: Initialism of dots per inch.
ESL: Initialism of English as a second language.
ESL: Initialism of East St. Louis.
CSO: Initialism of chief security officer.
CSO: Initialism of chief sustainability officer.
CSO: Initialism of civil society organisation.
CSO: Initialism of combined sewer overflow.
CSO: Initialism of community service officer.
CSO: Initialism of conditional sentencing order.
PII: Initialism of personally identifiable information.
PII: Initialism of public-interest immunity.
S&H: Abbreviation of shipping and handling.
CTO: Initialism of chief technology officer or initialism of chief technical officer.
CTO: Initialism of confidential treatment order.
DAW: Initialism of digital audio workstation.
FTD: Initialism of financial transaction device.
FTD: Initialism of frontotemporal dementia.
IAM: Initialism of identity and access management.
IAM: Initialism of immobilized artificial membrane.
MAV: Initialism of mature adult audience (“Strong Violence”).
MAV: Initialism of Mars ascent vehicle.
DLN: Initialism of driver's licence number.
RSC: Initialism of reticle shape correction.
RSC: Initialism of referee stops the contest.
GAL: Initialism of guardian ad litem, an individual (often a lawyer) appointed to represent the best interests of a child or incapacitated person for the purpose of a legal procedure.
SPF: Initialism of sun protection factor.
SPF: Initialism of single point of failure.
SPF: Initialism of spray polyurethane foam.
SPF: Initialism of spruce-pine-fir, mixed softwood timber
RPM: Abbreviation of revolutions per minute.
RFC: Initialism of remote function call.
RFC: Initialism of rugby football club.
NDC: Initialism of negative differential conductance.
NDC: Initialism of National Drug Code.
NDC: Initialism of network daughter card.
NDC: Initialism of nationally determined contribution.
FCC: Initialism of Federal Correctional Complex.
FCC: Abbreviation of future cruise credit.
AAP: Abbreviation of affirmative action program.
AAP: Abbreviation of Allied Administrative Publication.
PUS: Initialism of permanent undersecretary.
DOE: Initialism of Department of Energy.
DOE: Initialism of Design Of Experiments.
CTN: Initialism of criminal tracking number.
PTT: Initialism of professional technical trainer.
PTT: Initialism of postal telephone and telegraph.
PTT: Initialism of platform terminal transmitter.
PTT: Initialism of Partitioning tracer test.
PTT: Initialism of partial thromboplastin time.
PTT: Initialism of polytrimethylene terephthalate.
PTT: Initialism of protein truncation test.
PTT: Initialism of part task trainer (See Flight simulator at Wikipedia).
PTT: Initialism of push-to-talk.
PTT: Initialism of push-to-transmit.
PTT: Initialism of press-to-talk.
PTT: Initialism of press-to-transmit.
DAT: Digital Audio Tape — a digital data storage tape format using a dual-spooled cartridge and magnetic tape, used for digital audio and data storage.
DAT: Acronym of Dental Admission Test.
lka: Initialism of last known address.
TIS: Initialism of truth in sentencing.
TIS: Acronym of traffic information system.
ISD: Initialism of intermediate school district.
ISD: Initialism of independent school district.
ISD: Initialism of inhibited sexual desire.
CER: Initialism of certified emission reduction.
CER: Initialism of certified electronic recorder.
OWI: Initialism of operating (a motor vehicle) while impaired/intoxicated.
PDT: Initialism of photodynamic therapy.
LFC: Initialism of Licensed Foster Care.
LFC: Initialism of luminous fast cooler.
DWI: Initialism of driving while impaired.
DWI: Initialism of driving while intoxicated.
DWI: Initialism of diffusion-weighted imaging.
CCO: Initialism of chief compliance officer.
CCO: Initialism of chief communications officer.
CCO: Initialism of chief change officer.
CCO: Initialism of chief commercial officer.
CCO: Initialism of chief content officer.
LOC: Initialism of level of consciousness; also LoC.
LOC: Initialism of loss of consciousness; also LoC.
LOC: Initialism of lines of code.
LOC: Initialism of lab on a chip.
LOC: Initialism of line of credit; also LoC.
LOC: Initialism of letter of contract.
LOC: Initialism of letter of comment; also LoC, loc.
LOC: Abbreviation of localizer.
LOC: Initialism of loss of control.
LOC: Initialism of loss of crew.
PMI: Initialism of Purchasing Managers Index.
PMI: Initialism of private mortgage insurance.
PMI: Initialism of portable management interface.
PMI: Initialism of post mortem interval.
PMI: Initialism of positive material identification.
LTP: Initialism of long term partner.
LTP: long-term potentiation
APS: Initialism of active protection system.
SNF: Initialism of skilled nursing facility.
CIO: Initialism of chief information officer.
CIO: Initialism of chief investment officer.
CIO: Initialism of chief innovation officer.
CIO: Initialism of Charitable incorporated organisation.
CRC: The CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics, a frequently used reference work published by CRC Press.
CRC: Initialism of county road commission.
CRC: Initialism of cyclic redundancy check.
CRC: Initialism of continuous repetitive chime, the "cricket" aural warning intentionally designed to be extremely difficult for pilots to ignore.
AMC: Initialism of Alt-Media Community.
NRC: Initialism of non-rice crop.
VHF: Initialism of viral haemorrhagic fever.
SOL: Statute of limitations.
SOL: Speed of light.
SOL: Standards of learning.
SOL: Sleep onset latency.
SOL: Space-occupying lesion of the brain can be caused by different pathology such as a malignancy, an abscess or a haematoma
SOL: Initialism of stoppages of leave.
NCP: Initialism of noncustodial parent.
NCP: Initialism of nucleosome core particle.
NCP: Abbreviation of neuropathic corneal pain.
NCP: Abbreviation of novel coronavirus pneumonia; COVID-19 (disease)
RCA: Initialism of resource consumption accounting.
RCA: Initialism of reliable component analysis.
RCA: Initialism of root cause analysis.
RCA: Initialism of road controlling authority.
MRE: Initialism of Meal, Ready-to-Eat: an individual field ration used by the US military
CPS: Initialism of characters per second.
CPS: Initialism of clicks per second.
CPS: Initialism of child protective services.
CPS: Initialism of clean plate syndrome.
CPS: Initialism of Current Population Survey.
CPS: Initialism of cyber-physical system.
CPS: Initialism of continuation-passing style.
PST: Initialism of Pacific Standard Time.
PST: Initialism of Palestinian Standard Time.
PST: Initialism of Proto-Sino-Tibetan.
PST: Initialism of Provincial Sales Tax.
PST: Initialism of Philippine Standard Time.
NTA: Initialism of notice to appear.
UMP: Initialism of uridine monophosphate.
edu: education.
UTP: uridine triphosphate — a biomolecule.
UTP: unshielded twisted pair — a type of cable used for computer networking and telecommunications
FTA: Abbreviation of flight test article. (such as a test aircraft, a prototype)
FTA: Initialism of free trade agreement.
FTA: Initialism of failure to appear.
FTA: Initialism of failure to agree.
FTA: Initialism of face-threatening act.
FTA: Initialism of filetype association.
FTA: Initialism of fault tree analysis.
FTA: Initialism of failure to abate.
EPA: Initialism of eicosapentaenoic acid.
EPA: Initialism of English pale ale.
EPA: Initialism of enduring power of attorney.
OTL: Initialism of overtime loss.
OTL: Initialism of our timeline.
IMS: Initialism of Industrial Methylated Spirit.
IMS: Initialism of Information Management System.
IMS: Initialism of Integrated Master Schedule.
IMS: Initialism of IP Multimedia Subsystem.
SSA: Initialism of side side angle (a geometric proof reason)
SSA: Initialism of specific surface area.
SSA: Initialism of supervisory special agent.
SSA: Initialism of special security agreement.
SSA: Initialism of supranationals, sub-sovereigns and agencies (“bond market segment”).
SSA: Initialism of same-sex attraction.
oof: A sound made in pain, as when expelling air after being struck.
oof: Money.
AWD: Initialism of all-wheel drive.
C&C: Initialism of Command and Control.
C&C: Initialism of Clear and Convincing (evidence).
C&C: Initialism of Comment(s) and Critique.
PPL: Initialism of polypeptide laboratory.
PPL: Initialism of private pilot license.
PPL: Initialism of probabilistic programming language.
PPL: Initialism of Paper Products Limited.
UHP: Initialism of ultra-high purity.
A&M: Agricultural and Mechanical, a historical university description
A&M: Agricultural and Mines, a historical university description
DMC: Initialism of double metal cyanide.
DMC: Initialism of data monitoring committee; groups in charge of protocols of clinical trials.
DMC: Initialism of destination management company.
DMC: Abbreviation of dimethyl carbonate.
EOE: Initialism of equal-opportunity employer.
TRI: Initialism of Triple Reuptake Inhibitor.
SDI: Initialism of single-document interface.
NNI: Initialism of nearest neighbour interchange.
VCD: Initialism of video CD.
VCD: Initialism of visual communication and design.
VCD: Initialism of vocal cord dysfunction.
VCD: Initialism of vibrational circular dichroism.
VCD: Initialism of value change dump.
VCD: Initialism of voice command device.
VCD: Initialism of vinyl cyclohexene diepoxide.
VCD: Initialism of video display controller.
ROA: Initialism of Raman optical activity.
ROA: Initialism of register of actions.
ROA: Initialism of right of abode.
DRC: Initialism of design rule check.
CAT: Acronym of Central Atlas Tamazight.
CAT: Acronym of computer-adaptive test.
CAT: Acronym of common admission test.
CAT: Acronym of civil air transport.
CAT: Acronym of clear-air turbulence.
CAT: Acronym of computed axial tomography.
CAT: Acronym of career aptitude test.
CAT: Acronym of computer-assisted/aided translation.
CAT: Acronym of credit authorization terminal.
CAT: Acronym of citizenship advancement training.
CAT: Acronym of computer-aided transceiver.
CAT: Acronym of cosmic anisotropy telescope.
CAT: Acronym of coital alignment technique.
CAT: Acronym of conidial anastomosis tube.
CAT: Acronym of chloramphenicol acetyltransferase.
CAT: Acronym of crisis assessment team.
CAT: Acronym of Consumer Acceptance of Technology.
GMC: Initialism of General Management Committee. (the general committee of a constituency party of the British Labour Party.)
LNG: Initialism of liquefied natural gas.
BST: Initialism of binary search tree.
BST: Initialism of Burgess Shale Type.
ACC: Initialism of author-created character, a new character who is added into a fanfic's cast of 'official' characters.
ACC: Initialism of adaptive cruise control. (See Wikipedia entry on Autonomous cruise control system)
ACC: Abbreviation of accusative.
ACC: Initialism of amorphous calcium carbonate.
ACC: Initialism of area control center.
ACC: Initialism of assistant chief constable, a police rank used in Commonwealth countries.
ACC: Initialism of ascending chain condition.
XTC: Abbreviation of ecstasy (“the drug”).
NPA: Acronym of nonperforming asset.
HSN: Initialism of hereditary sensory neuropathy.
PhD: Alternative form of Ph.D.
VIP: Initialism of very important person.
VIP: Initialism of vasoactive intestinal peptide.
VIP: Abbreviation of ventilator-induced pneumonia.
VIP: Initialism of variation in production: the remixing of one's own track
BCD: Initialism of blue compact dwarf.
BCD: Initialism of binary-coded decimal.
BCD: Initialism of Boot Configuration Data.
BCD: Initialism of bolt circle diameter (a measurement of the various sizes of chainring).
BCD: Initialism of bad-conduct discharge.
BCD: Initialism of board-certified diplomate.
BCD: Initialism of buoyancy control device.
BCD: Initialism of behind closed doors.
CIW: Initialism of chemicals in the workplace.
OEB: Initialism of occupational exposure band.
VBS: Initialism of Vacation Bible School.
PCH: Initialism of paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria.
txt: text, text message
txt: a .txt file
gau: A prayer box or small container worn as jewelry and containing an amulet or similar item.
CNS: Initialism of central nervous system.
AHA: Initialism of alpha-hydroxy acid.
AHA: Initialism of Agricultural Holdings Act tenancy.
BPH: Initialism of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DRE: Initialism of digital rectal examination.; from digital (“finger”).
ODI: Initialism of one-day international.
ICT: Initialism of In-Circuit Test.
ICT: Initialism of Information and Communications Technology.
ICT: Initialism of International Crimes Tribunal.
ICT: Initialism of Islamabad Capital Territory.
UTI: Initialism of urinary tract infection.
DOP: Initialism of director of photography.
DOP: Initialism of dilution of precision (in GPS)
DOP: Initialism of deadline of payment.
EHR: Initialism of electronic health record.
ODS: Initialism of operational data store.
ODS: Initialism of ozone-depleting substance.
SLP: Initialism of speech-language pathologist.
SLP: Initialism of super long play.
AED: Initialism of antiepileptic drug.
AED: Initialism of automated external defibrillator.
BMD: Initialism of bone mineral density.
BMD: Initialism of births, marriages and deaths (especially an index to such events)
AOA: Initialism of angle of attack.
AOA: Initialism of abort once around.
AOA: Initialism of add-on armor.
ARV: Initialism of antiretroviral.
ARV: Initialism of approximate retail value.
ARV: Initialism of armored recovery vehicle.
ARV: Initialism of armed response vehicle: a police car that carries firearms.
ARV: Initialism of alien reproduction vehicle.
ARV: Initialism of antiretroviral.
HDL: Initialism of high-density lipoprotein.
HDL: Initialism of hardware description language.
UDS: Initialism of unscheduled DNA synthesis.
UDS: Initialism of Unified Diagnostic Services.
ARB: Initialism of angiotensin receptor blocker.
SAD: Initialism of seasonal affective disorder.
SAD: Initialism of standard American diet.
SAD: Initialism of social anxiety disorder.
SAD: Initialism of single-wavelength anomalous dispersion.
BLT: Initialism of bacon, lettuce and tomato: a sandwich made with these main ingredients.
BLT: Initialism of ballistic lunar transfer.
DKA: Initialism of diabetic ketoacidosis.
INR: Initialism of International Normalized Ratio. An indicator of the clotting tendency of blood. Used, for example, to help determine dosage for patients during oral anticoagulant therapy. Outside the normal or target range, a high INR may indicate a higher risk of bleeding, while a low INR may suggest a higher risk of developing a clot.
CHD: Initialism of congenital heart defect.
CHD: Initialism of coronary heart disease.
CHD: Initialism of common hepatic duct.
NOS: Initialism of Near-Online Storage.
NOS: Initialism of Network Operating System.
NOS: Initialism of new old stock.
NOS: Acronym of nitrous oxide system.
NOS: Abbreviation of nitrous oxide.
LAT: Initialism of lowest astronomical tide.
LAT: Initialism of laboratory animal technician.
LAT: Acronym of large airtanker (“a class of waterbomber”).
LAT: Initialism of living apart together, a couple who lives at different addresses.
DHT: Initialism of dihydrotestosterone.
DHT: Initialism of distributed hash table
NIP: Abbreviation of non-native invasive plant.
NIP: Abbreviation of notice of intended prosecution.
CAM: Initialism of complementary and alternative medicine.
CAM: Initialism of common area maintenance.
CAM: Initialism of computer-aided manufacturing.
CAM: Initialism of cockpit area microphone.
CAM: Initialism of cell adhesion molecule.
CAM: Initialism of contract air mail (often followed by the route number, eg, CAM 21).
CAM: Initialism of content-addressable memory.
ECL: Initialism of emitter-coupled logic.
ECL: Initialism of enhanced chemiluminescence.
ECL: Initialism of electrochemiluminescence.
WIC: Acronym of women, infants and children.
LDL: Initialism of low-density lipoprotein.
LDL: Initialism of limiting danger lines.
ACS: Initialism of adjacent channel selectivity.
ACS: Initialism of acute coronary syndrome.
ACS: Initialism of acute compartment syndrome.
HRT: Initialism of hormone replacement therapy.
HRT: Initialism of high rising terminal, a type of speech that rises in pitch at the end (sounding like a question).
HRT: Initialism of hostage rescue team.
HRT: Initialism of half-rectangle triangle.
RHD: Initialism of recommended human dose.
RHD: Initialism of rheumatic heart disease.
RHD: Initialism of right-hand drive.
IRS: Initialism of inertial reference system.
IRS: Initialism of Interface Requirements Specification.
IRS: Initialism of instant replay system.
IRS: Initialism of interest rate swap.
ALA: Initialism of alpha linolenic acid.
ALA: Initialism of aminolevulinic acid.
DDS: Initialism of Doctor of Dental Surgery, a terminal higher education degree.
DDS: Initialism of direct digital synthesis.
DDS: Initialism of data distribution service.
DDS: Initialism of Dewey Decimal System.
ARD: Initialism of acid reflux disease.
ARD: Initialism of Aftertreatment Regeneration Device. (on Diesel engines manufactured by Caterpillar Inc.)
GYN: Abbreviation of gynecologist.
GYN: Abbreviation of gynecology.
PPI: Initialism of producer price index.
PPI: Initialism of pixels per inch.
PPI: Initialism of proton-pump inhibitor.
PPI: Initialism of personal priesthood interview.
PPI: Initialism of protein–protein interaction.
PPI: Initialism of Payment protection insurance.
PPI: Initialism of positive polarity item.
EFA: Initialism of essential fatty acid.
EFA: Initialism of exploratory factor analysis.
EFT: Initialism of electronic funds transfer.
HSV: Initialism of herpes simplex virus.
HSV: Initialism of hue, saturation, value.
HSV: Initialism of high speed vessel.
Th.: Abbreviation of Thursday.
BMI: Initialism of body mass index.
CNP: Initialism of copy number polymorphism.
CNP: Initialism of certified nurse practitioner.
CNP: Initialism of C-type natriuretic peptide.
SLE: Initialism of systemic lupus erythematosus.
SLE: Initialism of single-layer ejecta.
MSW: Initialism of Master of Social Work.
MSW: Initialism of municipal solid waste.
MSW: Initialism of men who have sex with women.
NCI: Alternative form of NICI (“negative ion chemical ionization”)
PSA: Initialism of polysialic acid.
PSA: Initialism of prostate-specific antigen.
PSA: Initialism of pressure-sensitive adhesive.
PSA: Initialism of pressure swing adsorption.
PSA: Initialism of public safety announcement.
PSA: Initialism of public service announcement.
PSA: Initialism of purchase and sale agreement.
AMD: Initialism of age-related macular degeneration.
ATF: Abbreviation of automatic transmission fluid.
ATF: Abbreviation of aviation turbine fuel.; jet fuel
ATF: Initialism of advanced tactical fighter.
ATF: Initialism of auxiliary tugboat fleet.; a naval fleet tugboat, a fleet tug that can keep up with a fleet on operations
HMO: Initialism of health maintenance organization.
HMO: Initialism of home/house in/of multiple occupation/occupancy: a rented house typically let as individual rooms, often to students or migrant workers.
CMT: Initialism of certified massage therapist.
CMT: Initialism of communication, media and technology.
CMT: Initialism of Charcot-Marie-Tooth.
CMT: Initialism of cutting-manufacturing-trimming.
CMT: Initialism of clutchless manual transmission.
MAD: Initialism of mutual assured destruction or mutually assured destruction.
MAD: Initialism of magnetic anomaly detector.
MAD: Initialism of mothers against decapentaplegic.
MAD: Acronym of magnetically-arrested disc (a type of black hole accretion disc).
DOT: Initialism of disodium octaborate tetrahydrate.
DOT: Initialism of damage over time.
DOT: A weapon or ability that deals damage over time as opposed to or in addition to direct damage.
pwr: Alternative form of PWR
IUD: Initialism of intrauterine device.
IUD: Initialism of inhalant use disorder.
PAC: Initialism of programmable automation controller.
PAC: Initialism of proxy auto-config (file).
PAC: Initialism of political action committee.
PAC: Initialism of presentation-abstraction-control.
LSM: Initialism of linear synchronous motor (“a synchronous motor that provide an output of linear force rather than torque”).
LSM: Initialism of leaf spring mount.
MVP: Initialism of minimum viable product.
MVP: Initialism of most valuable player.
MVP: Initialism of model-view-presenter.
MVP: Initialism of model view projection.
TPM: Abbreviation of topiramate.
TPM: Initialism of ticket point mileage.
TPM: Initialism of technical project manager.
TPM: Initialism of total productive maintenance.
TPM: Initialism of total preventative maintenance.
TPM: Initialism of tentative parole month.
F&E: Initialism of fleeing and eluding.
JAG: Acronym of judge advocate general.
R&O: Initialism of resisting and obstructing
CPR: Initialism of cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
CPR: Initialism of calibrated peer review.
CPR: Initialism of common-pool resource.
CPR: Initialism of corrosion penetration rate.
ICU: Initialism of intensive care unit.
ICU: Initialism of intersection capacity utilization: a measure of the capacity of a roadway intersection.
AON: Initialism of all-or-none order.
mo.: Abbreviation of month.
DPI: Initialism of dots per inch. (Alternative spelling of dpi)
DPI: Initialism of dry powder inhaler.
DPI: Initialism of deep packet inspection.
imu: A traditional Hawaiian underground oven, consisting mainly of a hole in the ground.
ACE: A member of American Cinema Editors
ACE: Initialism of angiotensin converting enzyme.
ACE: Initialism of air combat element.
ACE: Initialism of aviation combat element.
ACE: Initialism of analysis and control element.
ACE: Initialism of arbitrary code execution.
ACE: Initialism of access control entry.
ACE: Initialism of ASCII-compatible encoding.
ACE: Initialism of adverse childhood experience.
ACE: Initialism of accumulated cyclone energy.
GIS: Initialism of gas injection system.
GIS: Initialism of geographic information science.
GIS: Initialism of geographic information system (“computer-based system to analyse and present spatial data”).
B&H: Initialism of Building and Housing.
CSR: Initialism of corporate social responsibility.
CSR: Initialism of customer service representative.
CSR: Initialism of certificate signature request.
GSW: Initialism of gunshot wound.
CXO: “chief X officer”, with X as functional placeholder (finance, operating etc.)
CXO: Initialism of chief experience officer.
MFA: Initialism of Master of Fine Arts.
MFA: Initialism of Multi-factor authentication.
ATO: Acronym of assisted take-off.
ATO: Initialism of automatic train operation.
ATO: Acronym of ammunition technical officer.
ATO: Acronym of anti-terrorist operation. (Ukraine)
ATO: Acronym of abort to orbit.
ATO: Initialism of account take over.
MBR: Initialism of master bedroom.
MBR: Initialism of membrane bioreactor/membrane biological reactor.
MBR: Initialism of master boot record.
MBR: Initialism of maximum bitrate.
MBR: Initialism of management by results.
no.: Alternative form of No.
GTA: Any game in the Grand Theft Auto series.
GTA: Initialism of graduate teaching associate.
GAD: Acronym of generalized anxiety disorder.
PVN: Initialism of paraventricular nucleus.
NMS: Initialism of neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
MSA: Initialism of motorway service area.
MSA: Initialism of multiple system atrophy.
MSA: Initialism of metropolitan statistical area.
MSA: Initialism of master service agreement.
MSA: Initialism of minimum safe altitude.
MSA: Initialism of Mobile Service Architecture.
MSA: Abbreviation of mechanically steered array.
PPE: Initialism of personal protective equipment.
PPE: Initialism of property, plant and equipment.
PPE: Initialism of Philosophy, Politics and Economics, a university degree course.
PPE: Initialism of PCBoard programming executable: a software component used to extend the features of a bulletin board system.
SON: Initialism of supraoptic nucleus.
Ct.: Court.
Ct.: Count.
Ct.: Contact, a shorthand used by pilots copying IFR clearances.
ECT: Initialism of electroconvulsive therapy.
ECT: Initialism of endless/eternal/everlasting conscious torment (“traditional view of the nature of Hell”).
NIV: Initialism of non-invasive ventilation.
NIV: A non-invasive ventilation machine, a NIV device. Abbreviation of non-invasive ventilator.
CSI: Initialism of crime scene investigation (a term of forensic science).
CSI: Initialism of crime scene investigator.
CSI: Initialism of Customer Satisfaction Index.
ABS: Initialism of antilock braking system.
ABS: Initialism of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene.
ABS: Initialism of all-black stuff: i.e. acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, referring to the black color of the waste water
ABS: Initialism of all-black stuff: i.e. acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, referring to the black color of the waste water
ABS: plumbing pipes composed of this plastic.
ABS: Initialism of automatic block signaling.
ABS: Initialism of auto-brewery syndrome.
CME: Initialism of Continuing Medical Education.
CME: Initialism of coronal mass ejection.
CFR: Initialism of cost and freight.
CFR: Initialism of case fatality rate.
CFR: Initialism of constant frame rate.
A&B: Initialism of assault and battery.
FWD: Abbreviation of forward.
FWD: Initialism of front-wheel drive.
SGA: Initialism of same-gender attraction.
SGA: Initialism of second-generation antipsychotic.
SGA: Initialism of student government association.
SGA: Initialism of System Global Area.
hr.: hour, Alternative spelling of hr
Ag.: Alternative form of Ag
RSO: Initialism of range safety officer.
RSO: Initialism of registered sex offender.
CDL: Initialism of commercial driver's licence.
SAN: Acronym of styrene-acrylonitrile resin.
SAN: Acronym of Storage Area Network.
SAN: Acronym of Subject Alternative Name.
SAN: Acronym of System Area Network.
SAN: Acronym of styrene-acrylonitrile or sytrene acrylonitrile copolymer.
SAN: Acronym of sinoatrial node.
PGM: Initialism of paternal grandmother.
PGM: Initialism of precision guided munition.
PGM: Initialism of platinum group metal.
PGM: Initialism of Papyri Graecae Magicae, Latin for the Greek Magical Papyri
IPS: Initialism of intrusion prevention system.
IPS: Initialism of Internet Provider Security.
IPS: Initialism of iron piping size.
IPS: Initialism of idiopathic postprandial syndrome.
IPS: Initialism of in-plane switching (“LCD screen technology”).
CPA: Initialism of certified public accountant.
CPA: Initialism of chartered professional accountant.
CPA: Abbreviation of collaboration protocol agreement in ebXML.
CPA: Initialism of copolymer alloy.
CPA: Initialism of closest point of approach.
CPA: Initialism of chronic pulmonary aspergillosis.
CPA: Abbreviation of cyproterone acetate.
CPA: Abbreviation of Christian Palestinian Aramaic.
CPA: Abbreviation of correlation power analysis.
CPA: Abbreviation of chosen-plaintext attack.
CPA: Abbreviation of cost per action.
CPA: Abbreviation of co-citation proximity analysis.
chk: Abbreviation of check.
PGF: Abbreviation of paternal grandfather.
PGF: Abbreviation of placental growth factor gene., the gene encoding for the biomolecule placental growth factor (“PlGF”)
MGF: Abbreviation of maternal grandfather.
D&D: Initialism of dinner and dance.
S&S: Initialism of search and seizure.
S&S: Initialism of shipping and service.
NGS: Initialism of next-generation sequencing.
NGS: Initialism of nice guy syndrome.
NGS: Initialism of neutral grain spirit.
NGS: Initialism of neutral grape spirit (“vinous alcohol”).
w/c: Abbreviation of wheelchair.
w/c: Abbreviation of week commencing (followed by a date)
VCR: Abbreviation of videocassette recorder.
VCR: Abbreviation of virtual credit (card).
VCR: Initialism of Vavilov–Cherenkov radiation.
S&O: Initialism of strategy and operations.
S&O: Initialism of stipulation and order.
DSS: Initialism of decision support system.
PBT: Initialism of Provider Backbone Transport.
PBT: Initialism of Preliminary Breath Test.
PBT: Initialism of polybutylene terephthalate.
PBT: Initialism of persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic.
TTP: Initialism of trusted third party.
TTP: Initialism of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
TTP: Initialism of tactic(s), technique(s) and procedure(s).
wk.: Abbreviation of week.
wk.: Abbreviation of work.
DOI: Initialism of date of incident.
DOI: Initialism of digital object identifier.
TRV: Initialism of technical rule violation.
TRV: Initialism of thermostatic radiator valve.
PRT: Initialism of Person Requiring Treatment.
PRT: Initialism of Personal Rapid Transit.
PRT: Initialism of Platinum Resistance Thermometer.
PRT: Initialism of private residential tenancy.
PIA: Initialism of porcine intestinal adenomatosis.
PIA: Initialism of personal injury accident.
PIA: Initialism of penis in anus.
PIA: Initialism of privacy impact assessment.
PSI: Initialism of pre-sentence investigation.
PSI: Initialism of protein structure initiative.
PSI: Initialism of pollutant safety/standard index (measurement of the air pollutant such as haze)
Av.: Abbreviation of avenue.
SIR: Initialism of surface insulation resistance.
SIR: Abbreviation of silent information regulator.
CSC: Initialism of criminal sexual conduct.
CSC: Initialism of close supervision centre, a type of prison
CSC: Initialism of card security code.
CSC: Initialism of cancer stem cell.
EPS: Initialism of extrapyramidal symptoms.
EPS: Initialism of expanded polystyrene (“plastic foam”).
EPS: Initialism of earnings per share.
EPS: Initialism of extracellular polymeric substance high-molecular weight compounds secreted by microorganisms
EPS: Initialism of extended problem-solving.
PSR: Abbreviation of pulsar.
PSR: Initialism of primary surveillance radar.
PSR: Initialism of police service representative, an LAPD dispatcher.
PSR: Initialism of pre-sentence report.
PSR: Initialism of point of safe return.
SOP: Initialism of sex on/over the phone.
SOP: Initialism of standard operating procedure.
SOP: Initialism of start of production.
SOP: Initialism of setting-out point.
SOP: Initialism of sum of parts.
SOP: Initialism of same-origin policy.
SOP: Initialism of semen on picture.
fey: A fairy.
fey: Fairy folk collectively.
NMR: Initialism of nuclear magnetic resonance.
STA: Abbreviation of spacetime algebra (in mathematical physics)
STA: Initialism of Spike-Triggered Average (a tool for characterizing the response properties of a neuron)
STA: Abbreviation of station (in IEEE 802.11 (Wi-Fi) terminology)
STA: Initialism of simultaneous thermal analysis.
STA: Initialism of single-threaded apartment (in the Component Object Model)
STA: Initialism of static timing analysis (of a digital circuit)
STA: Initialism of special temporary authority (to operate a radio station in the US)
STA: Initialism of solution treating and aging (in heat treating of materials)
SAB: Initialism of scientific/science advisory board.
lb.: Alternative form of lb: Abbreviation of pound (“unit of weight”).
COO: Initialism of chief operating officer.
COO: Initialism of country of origin.
SBA: Initialism of school-based assessment.
SBA: Initialism of Susan B. Anthony.
SBA: Initialism of single best answer.
CIH: Initialism of certified industrial hygienist.
PDR: Initialism of preliminary design review.
BLS: Initialism of basic life support.
MLI: Initialism of Molecular Libraries and Imaging.
BOD: Initialism of biochemical oxygen demand.
BOD: Initialism of biological oxygen demand.
BOD: Initialism of benefit of the doubt.
BOD: Initialism of beginning of day.
BOD: Initialism of board of directors.
BOD: Initialism of Brightlingsea One Design. (sailing boat class)
EWG: Initialism of environmental working group.
EWG: Initialism of electron-withdrawing group.
ISS: Initialism of in-school suspension.
STN: Initialism of subthalamic nucleus.
LIR: Initialism of laser-induced reaction.
LIR: Initialism of local interconnection region, an alternative to exchanged-based interconnection strategy for Competitive Local Exchange Carriers (CLECs)
S&T: Initialism of science and technology.
S&T: Initialism of signalling and telecommunications.
Va.: Abbreviation of viola.
PNA: Initialism of personal navigation assistant.
PNA: Initialism of peptide nucleic acid.
PNA: Initialism of pulmonary nodular amyloidosis.
IVF: Initialism of in vitro fertilization.
DNC: Initialism of Democratic National Convention.
DNC: Initialism of direct numerical control.
DNC: Initialism of distributed numerical control.
TSB: Initialism of technical service bulletin.
TSB: Initialism of traffic signal box.
TSB: Initialism of transportation safety board. or transport safety board
ESP: Initialism of electronic stability program.
ESP: Initialism of equity shelf program.
ESP: Initialism of English for specific or special purposes.
ESP: Abbreviation of extrasensory perception.
ESP: Initialism of Environmental Sample Processor.
ESP: Abbreviation of emotional, spiritual, and psychological.
ESP: Initialism of email service provider.
OT3: One true threesome; a polyamorous ship involving three characters that is a personal favorite of a fan.
DEA: diethanolamine
MRO: Initialism of maintenance, repair and overhaul.
MRO: Abbreviation of mitochondria-related organelle.
OTP: Initialism of one-time pad.
OTP: Initialism of one-time password: a password that is valid for only one login session or transaction.
OTP: Initialism of one true pair (or pairing): the romantic pairing preferred by an author or reader of fan fiction.
OTP: Initialism of one-trick pony.
CAS: Initialism of channel-associated signalling.
CAS: Initialism of combat armor suit. Used for a powered, armed and armored exoskeleton, in fiction and military research.
CAS: Initialism of calibrated airspeed.
CAS: Acronym of collision avoidance system.
CAS: Acronym of close air support.
CAS: Initialism of computer algebra system.
CAS: Initialism of complex adaptive system.
CAS: Initialism of compare and swap.
CAS: Initialism of cowboy action shooting.
CBA: Initialism of collective bargaining agreement.
CBA: Initialism of cost-benefit analysis.
CBA: Initialism of currency board arrangement.
CBA: Initialism of Classroom-Based Asessment
Nat: A member or supporter of the Australian National Party.
Nat: A member or supporter of the New Zealand National Party.
Nat: A member or supporter of the Scottish National Party.
Nat: A member or supporter of the National Party of South Africa.
ETD: Initialism of Electron-transfer dissociation.
ETD: Initialism of estimated time of departure.
ETD: Initialism of Everhart-Thornley detector.
ETD: Initialism of Explosives trace detector.
ETD: Initialism of Eye Tracking Device.
ETD: Initialism of emergency travel document.
ETD: Initialism of exchange-traded derivative.
ETD: Initialism of Eustachian tube dysfunction.
Soc: Alternative spelling of soc (“upper class youth”).
TID: Initialism of time-interval digitizer.
PES: Abbreviation of polyethersulfone.
PES: Initialism of potential energy surface.
PES: Initialism of phantom eye syndrome.
PES: Abbreviation of polyester.
MRS: Initialism of magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
MRS: Initialism of mandibular repositioning splint.
MRS: Initialism of marginal rate of substitution.
MRS: Initialism of metabolic risk score.
MPP: Initialism of massively parallel processing.
MPP: Initialism of massively parallel processor.
MPP: Initialism of Member of Provincial Parliament.
MPP: Initialism of mucus penetrating particle.
MPP: Initialism of meters per pixel.
SCC: Initialism of single-column centimetre, a charging unit for advertising space in newspapers.
SCC: Initialism of squamous cell carcinoma.
SCC: Initialism of standard contractual clause.
SCC: Initialism of stress corrosion cracking.
mth: Abbreviation of month.
fl.: Abbreviation of floor.
fl.: Abbreviation of florin.
PLO: Initialism of pot-limit Omaha, a poker variant.
PRI: Initialism of primary rate interface.
PRI: Initialism of Population Reference Intake.
oma: Grandmother, grandma.
CMS: Initialism of content management system.
CMS: Initialism of call management system.
CMS: Initialism of career management skills.
CMS: Initialism of Color management system.
CMS: Initialism of Conversational Monitor System.
CMS: Initialism of construction and management simulation: a style of game that involves planning and managing a population of citizens in a town or similar, without direct control of characters
CMS: Initialism of Compact Muon Solenoid.
MEd: Initialism of Master of Education.
b/c: Abbreviation of backward compatibility.
FCU: Initialism of federal credit union.
FCU: Initialism of fare construction unit.
NOH: Initialism of notice of hearing.
Tpr: Abbreviation of trooper.
civ: Abbreviation of civilisation.
Esc: Abbreviation of escape key. (on a computer keyboard)
DOF: Initialism of date of filing.
DOF: Initialism of depth of field.
DOF: Initialism of degree(s) of freedom.
RSS: Initialism of reusable spaceship.
RSS: Initialism of rapid response system.
RSS: Initialism of range safety system.
RSS: Initialism of residual sum of squares.
Ed.: Abbreviation of Editor.
SSM: Initialism of surface-to-surface missile.
SSM: Initialism of same-sex marriage.
SSM: Initialism of start-up, shutdown or malfunction.
NPS: Initialism of nail-patella syndrome.
NPS: Initialism of new psychoactive substance.
DBP: Initialism of di-n-butyl phthalate.
DBP: Initialism of disinfectant byproduct.
DBP: Initialism of diastolic blood pressure.
DHA: Acronym of docosahexaenoic acid.
DHA: Acronym of dihydroxyacetone.
DHA: Initialism of discourse-historical approach (in critical discourse analysis).
m/o: Abbreviation of month(s) old.
NRL: Initialism of naval research lab.
NRL: Initialism of nucleosome repeat length.
Gen: A member of the Gen Movement, a youth expression of the international Focolare Movement.
Gen: Alternative form of Gen. (“General”)
gov: Governor.
gov: Government.
ATP: Initialism of adenosine triphosphate.
ATP: Initialism of authorization to proceed.
ATP: Initialism of average transaction price.
ATP: Initialism of automatic train protection.
ATP: Initialism of airline transport pilot.
BBP: Initialism of benzyl butyl phthalate.
TDI: Abbreviation of toluene diisocyanate.
TDI: Initialism of tolerable daily intake.
RSM: Initialism of regimental sergeant major.
RSM: Initialism of regional sales manager.
TPI: tracks per inch
TPI: Initialism of third party intermediary.
TPI: Initialism of two-person integrity.
TPI: Initialism of tumor proliferation index.
TPI: Initialism of transfer port injection.
Thu: Abbreviation of Thursday.
JIT: Initialism of joint investigation team.
JIT: Abbreviation of just-in-time compiler.
JIT: Abbreviation of just-in-time compilation.
JIT: Abbreviation of just-in-time manufacturing.
DOM: Initialism of date of marriage.
DOM: Initialism of dissolved organic matter.
DOM: Acronym of Document Object Model.
DOM: 2,5-Dimethoxy-4-methylamphetamine, a psychedelic and a substituted amphetamine.
DOM: Initialism of disk on module.
DMA: Initialism of Doctor of Musical Arts.
DMA: Initialism of direct marketing association.
DMA: Initialism of designated market area.
DMA: Initialism of direct memory access.
DMA: Initialism of direct memory addressing.
DMA: Initialism of direct market access.
ann: An annate.
ria: A narrow inlet of the sea formed by a flooded unglaciated river valley.
aud: Clipping of audience.
APB: Initialism of all-points bulletin.
nat: A spirit in Burmese mythology, whose cult is followed alongside Buddhism.
nat: A logarithmic unit of information or entropy, based on natural logarithms.
nat: Clipping of natatorium.
STI: Initialism of sexually transmitted infection. also S.T.I.
STI: Initialism of sexually transmitted illness.
pox: A disease characterized by purulent skin eruptions that may leave pockmarks.
pox: Syphilis.
pox: A curse.
num: Abbreviation of number.
num: Abbreviation of numeral.
ahi: yellowfin tuna
soc: Sociology or social science.
soc: Upper class youth.
soc: The lord's power or privilege of holding a court in a district, as in manor or lordship; jurisdiction of causes, and the limits of that jurisdiction.
soc: An exclusive privilege formerly claimed by millers of grinding all the corn used within the manor or township in which the mill stands.
int: Clipping of integer.
int: Clipping of intelligence
int: Clipping of intermediate
int: Clipping of international
int: Clipping of interior (describing the location of a shot in a film script, etc.)
int: An instance of a bad play.
SVG: A graphic stored in the SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) format.
SVG: Abbreviation of saphenous vein graft.
2CV: deux chevaux (conventional French shortening of deux chevaux-vapeur "two horsepower") (a model of car by French manufacturer, Citroën)
lib: liberal
lib: liberation
lib: library
lib: libertarian
lib: A potion; magic potion; charm; concoction.
Esq: Abbreviation of esquire. and postnominal.
LTD: Initialism of long-term disability.
LBP: Initialism of lower back pain.
CHF: Initialism of congestive heart failure.
CHF: Initialism of centre half-forward.
TDD: Initialism of test-driven development.
TDD: Initialism of telecommunications device for the deaf.
RMP: Initialism of risk management plan.
RMP: Initialism of refiner mechanical pulp.
RMP: Initialism of registered medical practitioner.
RMP: Abbreviation of ribavirin monophosphate.
RMP: Abbreviation of rifampicin.
EDA: Initialism of electoral district association.
EDA: Initialism of electronic debit account.
EDA: Initialism of event-driven architecture (a pattern promoting the production, detection, consumption of, and reaction to events.)
EDA: Initialism of electronic design automation (collective name for software used to design integrated semiconductor circuits.)
PGA: Initialism of pin grid array, a type of integrated circuit package, describing the electrical connections to circuit boards on which such a package is mounted.
HMT: Initialism of His/Her Majesty's Trawler.
mcm: Initialism of million(s) of cubic meters.
USD: Initialism of unified school district.
USD: Initialism of United States dollar.
AMS: Initialism of aggregate measurement of support.
AMS: Initialism of application management software.
AMS: Initialism of altered mental status.
AMS: Initialism of accelerator mass spectrometry.
VOA: Initialism of vertex operator algebra
VOA: Initialism of visa-on-arrival.
STM: Initialism of scanning tunneling microscope.
STM: Initialism of specific transmission module.
STM: Initialism of scientific, technical, and medicine.
STM: Initialism of soft tissue mobilization.
STM: Initialism of short-term memory.
OCS: Initialism of Office of Contract Settlement.
OCS: Initialism of carbonyl sulfide (a chemical compound with the formula OCS)
OCS: Initialism of Outer Continental Shelf.
OCS: Initialism of Online Charging System (a system allowing providers of communication services to charge customers based on service usage)
OCS: Initialism of Origin Content Server (another name for a Web server)
OCS: Initialism of Officer Candidate School.
HUD: Acronym of head-up display.
CCC: Initialism of countercurrent chromatography.
CCC: Initialism of County Cricket Club.
AIH: Initialism of artificial insemination by husband.
AIH: Initialism of autoimmune hepatitis.
tox: Clipping of toxicity.
tox: Clipping of toxicology.
PCR: Initialism of polymerase chain reaction.
PCR: Initialism of protein/creatinine ratio.
PCR: Initialism of pitch control rod.
PCR: Initialism of primary control rod.
PCR: Initialism of power control rod.
w/h: Abbreviation of withholding.
emp: Abbreviation of employee.
Eph: A student at Williams College, Massachusetts, USA.
ASV: Initialism of autonomous surface vessel.
ASV: Initialism of autonomous surface vehicle.
AST: Initialism of advanced supersonic transport.
AST: Initialism of abstract syntax tree.
AST: Initialism of aspartate transaminase.
AST: Initialism of average shot time. The average time taken by a player on each shot recorded using World Snooker scoring system.
AST: Initialism of assured shorthold tenancy.
AST: Initialism of alternating series test.
APR: Initialism of Annual percentage rate.
APR: Abbreviation of Asia-Pacific region.
PPB: Initialism of production-possibility boundary.
adj: Alternative spelling of adj.
MPG: Initialism of miles per gallon.
MPG: Initialism of monopropylene glycol.
SAM: Initialism of surface-to-air missile.
SAM: Initialism of self-assembled monolayer.
SAM: Initialism of systolic anterior motion.
SAM: Initialism of single abstract method.
SAM: Initialism of split attraction model.
SAM: Initialism of shared appreciation mortgage.
FBT: Initialism of fermentation biotechnology.
FBT: Initialism of farm business tenancy.
Sa.: Alternative form of sa. (“sable”)
TGV: A French high-speed train.
TGV: A highball cocktail made with tequila, gin, and vodka (and sometimes orange juice) usually garnished with a slice of lemon, often served over ice.
MAO: Initialism of monoamine oxidase.
IRB: Initialism of institutional review board, a committee that reviews the designs of proposed experiments to confirm whether all the methods proposed are ethical.
IRB: Initialism of investment review board, a committee of business executives who review investment choices, comparing against strategy and opportunity costs.
IRB: Initialism of internal review board, an internal affairs division of a police department.
Cr.: Abbreviation of credit.
Cr.: Abbreviation of crore.
TCA: Initialism of tricyclic antidepressant.
TCA: Initialism of terminal control area.
TCA: Initialism of traffic conference area.
TCA: Initialism of trichloroanisole.
TCA: Initialism of tricarboxylic acid.
TCA: Initialism of transversal chromatic aberration.
TCA: Initialism of true cost accounting.
sci: Abbreviation of science, sciences.
SAP: Initialism of statutory adoption pay. Payments made by an employer to an employee who is absent from work after the adoption of a child.
SAP: Initialism of special access program.
SAP: Initialism of second audio program.
SAP: Initialism of structural adjustment program.
SAP: Initialism of speech act participant.
hPR: Initialism of human progesterone receptor.
O&S: Initialism of olefin and surfactant.
AAS: Initialism of Advanced Automation System. (radar control of transoceanic air corridors)
AAS: Initialism of angle-angle-side triangular congruency.
AAS: Initialism of anabolic–androgenic steroid.
NHC: Initialism of N-heterocyclic carbene.
RFD: Initialism of request for discussion.
RFD: Initialism of radio frequency device.
Tr.: Abbreviation of trustee.
Tr.: Abbreviation of trumpet.
DPA: Initialism of diphenylanthracene.
DPA: Initialism of docosapentaenoic acid.
DPA: Initialism of deferred prosecution agreement.
ETI: Initialism of extraterrestrial intelligence.
GDR: Initialism of Global Depositary Receipt.
tr.: Abbreviation of tinctura (Latin for “tincture”).
tr.: Abbreviation of trace.
tr.: Abbreviation of track.
tr.: Abbreviation of tragedy.
tr.: Abbreviation of train.
tr.: Abbreviation of trainee.
tr.: Abbreviation of transaction.
tr.: Abbreviation of transfer.
tr.: Abbreviation of translation.
tr.: Abbreviation of translator.
tr.: Abbreviation of transport.
tr.: Abbreviation of transportation.
tr.: Abbreviation of transposition.
tr.: Abbreviation of treasurer.
tr.: Abbreviation of treble.
tr.: Abbreviation of trill.
tr.: Abbreviation of troop.
tr.: Abbreviation of truck.
tr.: Abbreviation of trumpet.
tr.: Abbreviation of trumpeter.
tr.: Abbreviation of trust.
tr.: Abbreviation of trustee.
IPC: Initialism of Integrated Physics and Chemistry.
IPC: Initialism of interprocess communication.
DDR: Initialism of double data rate.
DDR: Double-data-rate computer RAM.
EMF: Initialism of electromotive force.
EMF: Initialism of electromagnetic field.
RPO: Initialism of recovery point objective.
utu: Recompense, payback; revenge.
RTO: Initialism of radiotelephone operator.
RTO: Initialism of recovery time objective.
RTO: Initialism of road traffic officer.
RTO: Initialism of retransmission timeout.
RTO: Initialism of rejected takeoff.
RTO: Initialism of rent-to-own.
RTO: Initialism of return to office: an order to lessen the degree of, or cease, working from home.
RTP: Initialism of rapid thermal processing.
RTP: Initialism of Real-time Transport Protocol.
RTP: Abbreviation of ribavirin triphosphate.
RTP: Initialism of Royal Thai Police.
SSR: Initialism of Soviet Socialist Republic.
SSR: Initialism of secondary surveillance radar.
SSR: Initialism of solid-state relay.
SSR: Initialism of Sub Surface Radar — a radar picket submarine.
SSR: Initialism of special service requirement (or Request).
SSR: Initialism of sum of squared residuals.
SSR: Initialism of server-side rendering.
SSR: Initialism of sustained silent reading.
SSR: Initialism of Small Ships Register.
SSR: Initialism of Special Support and Reconnaissance.
Cde: Abbreviation of comrade. A title used before a person's name, e.g. Cde Robert Mugabe.
a/c: Abbreviation of account.
a/c: Initialism of air conditioning.
a/c: Initialism of air conditioner.
a/c: Initialism of aircraft.
HGV: Initialism of heavy goods vehicle. (a lorry/truck weighing more than 3.5 tons)
HGV: Initialism of hypersonic glide vehicle.
HGV: Abbreviation of Hepatitis G virus.
nef: An extravagant table ornament and container used in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, made in the shape of a ship.
hui: A Māori social gathering or assembly.
bim: A woman.
app: An application (program), especially a small one designed for a mobile device.
app: application (use, purpose; not a computer program)
app: application (to a college etc.)
app: appetizer
app: An appearance in a game.
buz: Obsolete form of buzz (“humming sound”).
buz: Obsolete form of buzz (“counting game, fizz-buzz”).
R&B: Alternative spelling of R & B
vig: Synonym of vigorish (“charge taken on bets”)
vig: Synonym of vigorish (“interest from a loan, as from a loan shark”)
vig: Synonym of vigorish (“commission, finder's fee, or similar extra charge”)
sah: Pronunciation spelling of sir.
B&E: Initialism of breaking and entering; burglary in general.
ADW: Initialism of assault with a deadly weapon.
NMI: Initialism of non-maskable interrupt.
IAD: internal affairs department
IAD: intelligent assist device
IAD: Initialism of Internet addiction disorder.
187: Police code for murder, in the State of California.
GAA: goals against average, a sports statistic
SRO: Initialism of senior-ranking officer.
SRO: Initialism of school resource officer.
SRO: Initialism of single-room occupancy.
SAW: A squad automatic weapon or section automatic weapon, a kind of light machine gun.
SAW: Initialism of surface acoustic wave.
nog: A wooden block, the size of a brick, built into a wall, as a hold for the nails of woodwork.
nog: One of the square logs of wood used in a pile to support the roof of a mine.
nog: A treenail to fasten the shores.
nog: Short for noggin.
nog: Abbreviation of eggnog.
nog: A kind of strong ale.
nog: A dark-skinned person; nig-nog.
nog: A Vietnamese person.
aug: Clipping of augmentation.
EVA: Initialism of extravehicular activity.
EVA: Acronym of ethylene-vinyl acetate.
EVA: Initialism of extreme value analysis.
EVA: Initialism of economic value added.
POL: Initialism of petroleum, oil, and lubricants; consumable supplies for vehicles and machinery, collectively.
TRS: Initialism of total return swap.
TRS: Initialism of tip, ring, sleeve: a type of electrical connector (TRS connector)
TRS: Initialism of Telephone Relay Service.
AAR: Aircraft accident report.
AAR: after-action report; after-action review.
FOR: Initialism of field Of research.
FOR: Initialism of frame of reference.
CLG: Initialism of guided-missile light cruiser.
CLG: Initialism of company limited by guarantee.
AND: Alternative form of ∧, the conjunction operator.
AND: The binary operator and, only true if both of two inputs is true. In infix notation.
aro: A person who is aromantic.
elo: Synonym of Elo rating
har: A hinge.
PAP: polyfluoroalkyl phosphate ester
PAP: Abbreviation of past active participle.
PAP: Abbreviation of present active participle.
PAP: principle of alternate possibilities
PAP: participatory anthropic principle
PAP: Acronym of positive airway pressure. (PAP ventilation)
PAP: Acronym of positive airway pressure. (PAP ventilation)
PAP: A positive airway pressure machine, a PAP device
DoS: A denial-of-service attack.
DoS: Director of Studies; someone in charge of the academic side of a school including training teachers and deciding course materials.
Urd: One of the three Norns; the Norn of those who were.
WPM: Alternative letter-case form of wpm
mun: The mouth, jaw.
mun: man
mun: The person who roleplays a character in a role-playing game, especially an online play-by-post one.
MPA: Initialism of marine protection area.
MPA: Initialism of medroxyprogesterone acetate.
MPA: Initialism of microscopic polyangiitis.
CPM: Initialism of character(s) per minute.
CPM: Initialism of certified property manager.
CPM: Initialism of charged particle microscope.
CPM: Initialism of cost per mille. (the cost of showing an advertisement one thousand times)
kie: Alternative spelling of kye, plural of cow
cig: cigarette
P2P: phenyl-2-propanone (phenylacetone)
PKC: Initialism of public-key cryptography.
PKC: Initialism of protein kinase C.
PKC: Initialism of paroxysmal kinesigenic choreoathetosis.
dep: Short for department.
dep: Short for deposit.
dep: Short for departure.
dep: A deposition.
dep: A deputy.
dep: A dépanneur.
dep: A dependency.
grp: Abbreviation of group.
tub: A flat-bottomed vessel, of width similar to or greater than its height, used for storing or packing things, or for washing things in.
tub: The contents or capacity of such a vessel.
tub: A bathtub.
tub: A slow-moving craft.
tub: Any structure shaped like a tub, such as a certain old form of pulpit, a short broad boat, etc.
tub: A small cask.
tub: Any of various historically designated quantities of goods to be sold by the tub (butter, oysters, etc).
tub: A box or bucket in which coal or ore is sent up a shaft.
tub: A sweating in a tub; a tub fast.
tub: A corpulent or obese person.
EIN: Initialism of Employer Identification Number.
APY: Initialism of annual percentage yield.
zl.: Abbreviation of zloty.
oz.: Alternative form of oz
FEC: Initialism of foreign exchange certificate.
FEC: Initialism of forward error correction.
FRC: Initialism of functional residual capacity.
FRC: Initialism of family resource center.
FRC: Initialism of fibre/fiber reinforced composite.
FRC: Initialism of fibre/fiber reinforced concrete.
FRC: Initialism of fibre/fiber reinforced cement.
FRC: Abbreviation of fibre/fiber reinforced cement based composite.
ara: The great blue and yellow macaw (Ara ararauna).
ara: A traditional alcoholic beverage consumed in Bhutan, made from rice, maize, millet, or wheat, either fermented or distilled. The beverage is usually a clear, creamy, or white color.
ara: The saw-edged perch, Niphon spinosus.
sed: A line fastening a fish-hook.
tum: shortened form of tummy
mic: Alternative form of mike (“microphone”)
MSF: Initialism of main support frame.
MSF: MSF time signal, also known as Time from NPL
RFT: Initialism of request for tender.
RFT: Initialism of relational frame theory.
BCC: Alternative letter-case form of bcc; Initialism of blind carbon copy.
BCC: Initialism of basal cell carcinoma.
POS: Initialism of proof of service.
POS: Initialism of peripheral oxygen saturation.
POS: Initialism of part of speech.
POS: Initialism of point of sale or point of service.
POS: Initialism of proprietary operating system.
POS: Initialism of position and orientation system.
POS: Initialism of piece of shit.
EMI: Initialism of electromagnetic interference.
EMI: Initialism of external machine interface.
EMI: Initialism of external memory interface.
EMI: Initialism of electromagnetic induction.
EMI: Initialism of elderly and mentally infirm.
EMI: Initialism of equal monthly installments / estimated monthly installments.
RTU: Initialism of remote terminal unit.
RTU: Initialism of real-time ultrasonography.
HMI: Initialism of human-machine interface.
HMI: Initialism of hydrargyrum medium-arc iodide. (a kind of lamp)
ROC: Initialism of region of convergence.
ROC: Initialism of receiver operating characteristic.
IDE: Initialism of insulin-degrading enzyme.
IDE: Initialism of integrated development environment.
IDE: Initialism of integrated drive electronics.
nek: A col (a dip on a mountain ridge between two peaks).
NCR: Abbreviation of national capital region.
NCR: Abbreviation of numeric character reference.
gan: Mouth.
tro: A type of spike fiddle made from traditionally used in Cambodia and played vertically.
ELE: Initialism of extinction level event.
vai: Initialism of verb animate intransitive: an intransitive verb that agrees with an animate subject.
ARM: Initialism of accelerated reply mail (a service of the United States Postal Service)
ARM: Initialism of adjustable rate mortgage.
deb: Clipping of debutante.
deb: Debutante ball or debut.
PCM: Initialism of pulse code modulation. (the system of encoding sound on a telephone for use in the PSTN, using a compander)
PCM: Initialism of phase change memory. (a type of non-volatile computer memory)
PCM: Initialism of phase-change material. (the type of material that phase change memory is composed of, capable of applications in switching)
PCM: Initialism of power control module.
PCM: Initialism of powertrain control module.
ron: heroin
rug: A partial covering for a floor.
rug: A (usually thick) piece of fabric used for warmth (especially on a bed); a blanket.
rug: A kind of coarse, heavy frieze, formerly used for clothing.
rug: A cloak or mantle made of such a frieze.
rug: A person wearing a rug.
rug: A cloth covering for a horse.
rug: A dense layer of natural vegetation that precludes the growth of crops.
rug: The female pubic hair.
rug: A rough, woolly, or shaggy dog.
rug: A wig; a hairpiece.
rug: A dense growth of chest hair.
rug: Short for rughead.
bop: A very light smack, blow or punch.
bop: A style of improvised jazz from the 1940s.
bop: A good song.
bop: A casual party with dancing; a disco.
bop: A party hosted by a college's JCR or MCR.
AVP: Initialism of arginine vasopressin.
AVP: Initialism of associate vice president.
AVP: Initialism of assistant vice president.
DPP: Initialism of Director of Public Prosecutions.
DPP: Initialism of Deputy Public Prosecutor.
hon: Honey, sweetheart, a term of endearment; (Southern US) a friendly term of address.
hon: A trans woman who does not pass; a clocky trans woman.
hon: Alternative form of hoon (“Indian gold coin”)
DTP: A type of combination vaccine protecting against diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis.
DTP: Initialism of desktop publishing.
CIS: Initialism of contact image sensor.
CIS: Abbreviation of clinical information system.
duc: A French duke.
vom: vomit
ump: An umpire.
CDU: Initialism of crude distillation unit.
fet: A piece.
fet: Clipping of fetish.
JCR: Initialism of junior common room (in British universities).
VAR: Initialism of value-added reseller: A business that re-sells goods, especially with some additional service, such as selection assistance, installation, or support.
VAR: Alternative spelling of VaR; Value at Risk.
VAR: Acronym of vector autoregression.
VAR: Initialism of video assistant referee.
SPD: Initialism of schizoid personality disorder.
SPD: Initialism of schizotypal personality disorder.
SPD: Initialism of sadistic personality disorder.
SPD: Initialism of sensory processing disorder.
SPD: Initialism of spectral power distribution.
SPD: Initialism of serial presence detect.
SPD: Initialism of summary plan description.
SPD: Initialism of surge protective device (surge protector).
SPD: Initialism of symphysis pubis dysfunction.
PFI: Initialism of private finance initiative.
PFI: Initialism of port fuel injection.
TEA: Training and employment agency.
TEA: Acronym of triethylaluminium.
TEA: Abbreviation of triethylamine.
TEA: Abbreviation of triethanolamine.
CSE: Initialism of Certificate of Secondary Education, a former examination in UK schools; a pass achieved in this examination.
CSE: Initialism of child sexual exploitation.
CSE: Initialism of computer science and engineering.
CSE: Initialism of computational science and engineering.
hin: A former Hebrew liquid measure of volume (about 3.8 L).
hin: An Ancient Egyptian liquid measure of volume (about 0.48 L).
KBS: Knowledge-based systems
til: sesame (plant)
til: A species of tree in the Lauraceae family, native to Madeira and the Canary Islands; Ocotea foetens.
bur: A rough, prickly husk around the seeds or fruit of some plants.
bur: Any of several plants having such husks.
bur: A rotary cutting implement having a selection of variously shaped heads.
bur: Alternative form of burr (“small piece of material”).
ROV: Initialism of remotely operated vehicle (remote control robot submarine)
ROV: Initialism of recreational off-road vehicle.
bez: The second tine of an antler's beam, the bezantler.
LEO: Acronym of low Earth orbit.
LEO: Acronym of law enforcement officer.
TOE: Initialism of theory of everything.
TOE: Initialism of table of organization and equipment.
TOE: Initialism of terms of employment.
TOE: Initialism of transoesophageal echocardiogram.
APC: Initialism of armored personnel carrier.
APC: Initialism of anaphase-promoting complex.
APC: Initialism of antigen-presenting cell.
APC: Initialism of antenna phase center.
APC: Initialism of aspirin-phenacetin-caffeine.
ain: Alternative form of ayin (“Semitic letter”)
CJD: Initialism of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
LDS: Initialism of Latter-day Saint.
SSI: Initialism of Server Side Include.
SSI: Initialism of Supplemental Security Income.
SSI: Initialism of Small Scale Integration.
SSI: Initialism of shoulder sleeve insignia.
SSI: Initialism of standard settlement instruction.
SSI: Initialism of surgical site infection.
RDH: Initialism of registered dental hygienist.
SVM: Initialism of support vector machine.
UTF: Initialism of Unicode Transformation Format: Any of various algorithms that map Unicode codepoints to unique sequences of bytes.
CDK: Initialism of cyclin-dependent kinase.
adv: Abbreviation of adverb.
adv: Abbreviation of advanced.
adv: Abbreviation of adventure.
adv: Abbreviation of advertisement.
adv: Abbreviation of advertising.
RTD: Initialism of real-time detection.
RTD: Initialism of research and technological development.
RTD: Initialism of resonant-tunneling diode.
RTD: Initialism of resistance temperature device/detector.
RTD: Abbreviation of retard.
RTD: Initialism of round-trip delay.
RTD: Initialism of ready-to-drink.
ARC: Acronym of advance reader's copy, a copy of a book given to a reviewer free in advance for review purposes.
ARC: Initialism of AIDS-related complex.
ARC: Acronym of Automatic Reference Counting.
pur: Dated form of purr (“low murmuring sound as of a cat”).
PFC: Initialism of private first class.
PFC: Initialism of prefrontal cortex.
PFC: Initialism of perfluorocarbon.
PFC: Initialism of preference for consistency.
PFC: Initialism of power factor correction.
DIP: Acronym of dual in-line package.
DIP: Acronym of dependency inversion principle.
404: An error indicating that a web page could not be found.
404: Dog meat.
fic: A fictional story set within a preexisting fandom; a fanfic.
fon: A fool or idiot.
fon: A chieftain or king of a region of Cameroon.
viz: Clipping of visualization.
viz: Clipping of visual.
viz: Clipping of visibility.
daw: A western jackdaw, Coloeus monedula, a passerine bird in the crow family (Corvidae), more commonly called jackdaw.
daw: An idiot, a simpleton; fool.
sus: Suspicion (in terms of a sus law).
DME: Initialism of durable medical equipment.
DME: Initialism of distance measuring equipment.
DME: Initialism of dimethyl ether.
pkg: Abbreviation of package.
pkg: Abbreviation of parking.
eam: Uncle.
tsp: Abbreviation of teaspoon.
uke: Clipping of ukulele.
uke: The training partner against whom tori performs a move.
uke: A passive or submissive male fictional character in a same-sex relationship; a bottom.
WSS: Initialism of Widescreen signaling.
SEA: Initialism of Strategic Environmental Assessment.
H₂O: Water as a chemical substance.
H₂O: Hishammuddin Hussein Onn, Malaysian politician and son of Hussein Onn, third prime minister of Malaysia.
BOI: Initialism of basal osseointegrated implant.
BOI: Initialism of bill of information.
ase: an essential energy in West African religions
wpm: Initialism of words per minute (“a measure of speed, as of output, typing, reading, or speech”).
FFS: Initialism of facial feminization surgery.
FFS: Initialism of Free French Ship.
FFS: Initialism of fee-for-service.
koi: Ornamental domesticated varieties of the Amur carp (Cyprinus rubrofuscus), of Japan and eastern Asia with red-gold or white coloring.
SBM: Initialism of small to medium business.
SBM: Initialism of single (unmarried) black male.
SSB: Initialism of single sideband, a type of radio emission.
SSB: Initialism of social security board.
SSB: Initialism of sub surface ballistic, a diesel powered submarine carrying ballistic missiles.
SSB: Initialism of site-specific browser.
SSB: Initialism of star schema benchmark.
CVT: Initialism of continuously variable transmission.
CVT: Initialism of certified veterinary technician.
OSS: Initialism of open-source software
OSS: Initialism of out-of-school suspension.
OSS: Initialism of operations/operational support system.
CRM: Initialism of crew/cockpit resource management.
CRM: Initialism of Cluster Resource Manager.
CRM: Initialism of customer relationship management.
CRM: Initialism of customer relationship manager.
CRM: Initialism of contact relationship management.
CRM: Initialism of contact relationship manager.
CRM: Initialism of credit risk management.
CRM: Initialism of certified reference material.
CRM: Initialism of cultural resource management.
TVB: Initialism of trivinylbenzene.
LTC: Initialism of long-term care.
LTC: Initialism of lieutenant colonel.
CBI: Initialism of Confidential Business Information.
CBI: Initialism of Computer-Based Interlocking.
AFP: Initialism of alpha-fetoprotein.
IDS: Initialism of Ideographic Description Sequence.
IDS: Initialism of intrusion detection system.
IDS: Initialism of infant-directed speech.
IDS: Initialism of infectious disease specialist.
CMR: Initialism of cargo management re-engineering.
GBC: Initialism of Game Boy Color.
POC: Initialism of proof of concept.
POC: Initialism of point of contact.
POC: Initialism of percentage of completion.
POC: Initialism of point of care.
POC: Initialism of port of call.
POC: Initialism of person of color or people of color.
POC: Initialism of piece of crap.
LWT: Abbreviation of lightweight torpedo.
SFC: Initialism of shop floor control.
SFC: Initialism of Sergeant First Class.
EEA: Initialism of equal environment assumption.
CSD: Initialism of conventional suburban development.
CSD: Initialism of circuit switched data.
DOG: Initialism of digital on-screen graphic.
DOG: Initialism of digitally originated graphic.
PSB: Initialism of Public Security Bureau.
PSB: Initialism of program specification block.
PSB: Initialism of Presidential Service Badge.
PSB: Initialism of public service broadcasting.
TST: Initialism of tunnel seismic tomography: a tunnel geological prediction technique.
TST: Initialism of tuberculin skin test: a test for tuberculosis infection.
TST: Initialism of ternary search tree: a type of trie.
OBP: Initialism of on-base percentage.
OBP: Initialism of object-based programming.
LCS: Initialism of littoral combat ship: a specialized type of frigate for green water and coastal combat and transoceanic capability designated by the US Navy.
LCS: Initialism of long Covid syndrome.
MSB: Initialism of most significant bit.
MSB: Initialism of most significant byte.
MSB: Initialism of main switchboard.
MSB: Initialism of money services business.
LSB: Initialism of least significant bit.
LSB: Initialism of least significant byte.
LSB: Initialism of lower sideband.
CO₂: carbon dioxide.
TWB: Initialism of three-wire bus.
FEM: Initialism of field emission microscopy.
FEM: Initialism of front end module.
FEM: Initialism of finite element method.
ACI: Initialism of accusativus cum infinitivo.
ACI: adjacent channel interference.
ACI: Initialism of autologous chondrocyte implantation.
LDO: Initialism of low drop out.
SMD: Initialism of Sega Mega Drive.
SMD: Initialism of surface-mount(ed) device.
SMD: Strategic Match Design
SMD: Standardized Mean Difference
PAM: Initialism of power amplitude modulation.
PAM: Abbreviation of pluggable authentication module.
PAM: Initialism of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis.
PAM: Acronym of payload assist module.
PAE: Initialism of power added efficiency.
PAE: Initialism of postantibiotic effect.
NIC: Acronym of network interface card (or controller): used to interface a computer to a network.
NIC: Acronym of Network Information Center.
NIC: Acronym of national insurance contribution.
ALU: arithmetic logic unit.
ALU: Abbreviated Line-Up.
ALU: aluminium.
TDA: Initialism of time deposit account.
TDA: Initialism of taking and driving away.
IVR: Initialism of Interactive voice response.
IVR: Initialism of interventional radiology.
IVR: Initialism of international vehicle registration.
EAP: Initialism of Employee Assistance Program.
EAP: Initialism of Extensible Authentication Protocol.
EAP: Initialism of Electronic Account Payment.
EAP: Initialism of English for Academic Purposes.
CES: Initialism of cauda equina syndrome.
DLL: Initialism of Data Link Layer.
DLL: Initialism of doubly-linked list.
DLL: Initialism of dynamic-link library.
DLL: Initialism of delay-locked loop.
ARF: Initialism of acute renal failure.
ARF: Initialism of analog radio frequency.
PFD: Initialism of phase-frequency detector.
PFD: Initialism of personal flotation device.
PFD: Initialism of primary flight display.
PFD: Initialism of process flow diagram.
PFD: Initialism of photon flux density.
TDC: Initialism of time-to-digital converter.
TDC: Initialism of torpedo data computer.
TDC: Initialism of top dead centre/top dead center.
TVP: Initialism of textured vegetable protein. (vegetarian ground meat substitute)
ep.: Alternative form of ep; abbreviation of episode.
BFH: Initialism of bitch from hell.
BFH: Initialism of big fucking hammer.
RIF: Initialism of reduction in force.
RIF: Initialism of risk influencing factor.
VDL: Initialism of vernier delay line.
VDL: Initialism of VHF Data Link.
VDL: Initialism of variable density log.
VDL: Initialism of vertical dyad linkage.
VDL: Initialism of virtual digital library.
EIA: Initialism of enzymoimmunoassay.
EIA: Initialism of Environmental Impact Assessment.
MOS: Initialism of metal oxide semiconductor.
MOS: Initialism of maintenance operating system.
MOS: Initialism of mobile operating system.
MOS: Initialism of member of the opposite sex.
MOS: Initialism of military occupational specialty.
MOS: Initialism of member of the service.
MOS: Initialism of manual of style.
FOM: Initialism of figure of merit.
FOM: Initialism of follow-on maintenance.
mgr: Abbreviation of manager.
mgr: Abbreviation of monsignor.
PVT: Initialism of pressure, volume, temperature.
PVT: Initialism of position, velocity, time.
PVT: Abbreviation of private (“soldier”).
PVT: Initialism of psychomotor vigilance task/test.
clm: Abbreviation of claim.
inv: Abbreviation of invoice.
HST: Initialism of High Speed Train, a common name for the InterCity 125.
HST: Initialism of harmonized sales tax, a combined federal and provincial sales tax collected in some provinces.
HST: Abbreviation of half-square triangle.
HST: Initialism of high speed transport.
EPO: Exclusive Provider Organization.
EPO: Erythropoietin.
EPO: Emergency protective order
zuz: An ancient Hebrew silver coin, one quarter of a shekel.
gen: Information.
gen: Information about the location of a bird.
gen: Fan fiction that does not specifically focus on romance or sex.
gen: Alternative letter-case form of Gen (“member of the Gen Movement”)
gen: A generator (device that converts mechanical to electrical energy).
gen: A shilling.
gen: A generation (group of people born in a specific range of years).
gen: A specific version of something in a chronological sequence.
ost: Obsolete form of oast.
fid: A pointed tool without any sharp edges, used in weaving or knotwork to tighten and form up weaves or complex knots; used in sailing ships to open the strands of a rope before splicing.
fid: A square bar of wood or iron, with a shoulder at one end, to support the weight of the topmast (on a ship).
fid: A plug of oakum for the vent of a gun.
fid: A small thick piece of anything.
fid: A wooden or metal bar or pin, used to support or steady anything.
fid: The penis.
lat: A staff, particularly one of an Indian kind.
lat: A monumental pillar, particularly the Buddhist columns erected in East India.
lat: A latrine: a rudimentary or military facility for urination and defecation.
lat: The gold-backed monetary unit of Latvia from August 1922 until April 1941, when it was replaced by the Soviet ruble; it was typically pegged at about 25 to the British pound.
lat: The floating fiat monetary unit of Latvia from 1992 until January 2014, when it was replaced by the euro.
lat: A coin or bill of either currency.
lat: A latissimus dorsi muscle.
lat: Latitude.
ceo: Alternative letter-case form of CEO
VoD: Abbreviation of video on demand.
VoD: Abbreviation of video on demand.
VoD: A replay of a live broadcast.
aza: A nitrogen atom substituted for a carbon atom within a ring.
ea.: whole piece (used when use of a unit of measure is obligatory)
kop: A hill or mountain.
kop: Rare spelling of cop (“dome, in armor”).
aji: A spicy Peruvian sauce, often containing tomatoes, cilantro, hot peppers, and onions.
aji: A chili pepper, in the context of South American cuisine.
aji: A horse mackerel, especially the Japanese horse mackerel, Trachurus japonicus
aji: The ‘flavour’ of a position, i.e. the extent to which it has lingering possibilities such as bad aji which may not be exploitable when they first arise yet still influence further play; good aji generally means there are few weaknesses.
aji: Bad aji.
CWD: Initialism of chronic wasting disease.
CWD: Initialism of current working directory.
ADB: Initialism of Android Debug Bridge.
ADB: Initialism of Apple Desktop Bus.
ADB: Initialism of Average Daily Balance.
DPR: Initialism of daily periodic rate (of interest).
erk: A member of the groundcrew in the RAF.
EET: Initialism of endoscopic eradication therapy.
RMS: Initialism of root mean square.
RMS: Initialism of Royal Mail Ship.
RMS: Initialism of Royal Mail Ship.
RMS: Initialism of Royal Mail Steamship.
RMS: Initialism of rifle metallic silhouette.
LNA: Initialism of low noise amplifier.
LNA: Initialism of launch numerical aperture.
LNA: Initialism of local network adapter.
LNA: Initialism of local network attachment.
LNA: Initialism of linolenic acid.
LNA: Initialism of locked nucleic acid.
isu: An individual seat in the loft-like balcony of a sumo arena.
EDP: Initialism of electronic data processing.
EDP: Initialism of elastin-derived peptide.
EDP: Initialism of estradiol dipropionate.
EDP: Initialism of emotionally disturbed person.
EDP: Initialism of erythema dyschromicum perstans.
GMP: Initialism of guanosine monophosphate (guanylic acid)
GMP: Initialism of good manufacturing practice.
GMP: Initialism of Guaranteed Minimum Pension.
eco: A proposed name for the common currency that the West African Monetary Zone plans to introduce in the framework of the Economic Community of West African States.
DRM: Initialism of digital rights management.
DRM: Initialism of Disaster risk management.
CBF: Initialism of cerebral blood flow.
FGI: Initialism of finished goods inventory.
ETV: Initialism of educational television.
ETV: Initialism of extraterrestrial vehicle.
NFI: Initialism of Non-football injury; any injury sustained by a player outside of games or training.
NLA: Initialism of network location awareness.
vae: Alternative form of voe (“sea inlet”)
ICS: Initialism of intercostal space.
ICS: Initialism of Internet connection sharing.
ICS: Initialism of information and computer science or informatics and computer science, a combined discipline.
ICS: Initialism of inhaled corticosteroid.
ICS: Initialism of integrated care system.
ICS: Initialism of incident command system.
ops: operations
ops: operator status
RPC: Initialism of remote procedure call.
hof: Enclosure, court, dwelling, building, house.
hof: temple, sanctuary, hall.
hof: A Korean-style bar or pub.
iwa: A great frigatebird (Fregata minor).
qty: Abbreviation of quantity.
gog: Haste; ardent desire to go.
DEC: Initialism of diethylcarbamazine.
DEC: Initialism of diethyl carbonate.
DEC: Initialism of desquamated epithelial cell.
dec: Abbreviation of decrement.
dec: Abbreviation of declaration.
dec: Abbreviation of decoration.
FCS: Initialism of frame check sequence.
FCS: Initialism of fellow of the Chemical Society.
FCS: Initialism of family and consumer sciences.
MAU: Initialism of media/multiple attachment unit: a connectivity device for a token ring network.
MAU: Initialism of monthly active user: a measurement of customer engagement, typically with an online service.
UDC: Initialism of universal data connector: a type of hermaphroditic connector
bhp: Initialism of brake horsepower.
oik: a member of the lower classes.
pav: Clipping of pavilion.
pav: Clipping of pavlova.
pav: An Indian-style bread roll.
uta: cutaneous leishmaniasis
uta: A kind of Japanese poem.
wiz: A person who is exceptionally clever, gifted or skilled in a particular area.
wiz: A wizard; an administrator of a multi-user dungeon.
wiz: Alternative spelling of whiz: an act of urination.
unc: uncle
jut: Something that sticks out.
pwn: Triumph, victory. Often exclaimed after an opponent in a video game is defeated.
pwn: An exploit in computer security.
QCD: Initialism of Quality, Cost, Delivery.
QCD: Initialism of quantum chromodynamics.
oss: Alternative spelling of 'oss.
SER: Initialism of state emergency relief.
GBS: Initialism of Guillain-Barré syndrome.
GBS: Initialism of group B streptococcus.
GBS: Initialism of grain boundary sliding.
BPL: Initialism of broadband over power line.
mas: A country cottage or farmstead in southern France.
mas: A type of traveling dramatic performance conducted as part of a parade celebrating Carnival, originating in Trinidad and Tobago and performed throughout the Caribbean.
goy: A non-Jew, a gentile.
LRA: Initialism of locked rotor amp.
LRA: Initialism of last rate available.
hxc: Abbreviation of hardcore (music genre)
ger: A yurt.
ger: A male convert to Judaism; a Jewish proselyte.
boi: Alternative spelling of boy
boi: A male bottom (i.e. submissive partner), defined not by junior age, but by his obedient role and submission to the dominant "top".
boi: A lesbian who adopts a boyish appearance.
boi: A trans boy or man.
RBW: Abbreviation of resolution bandwidth.
SOC: Initialism of system on a chip.
SOC: Initialism of special operations command.
SOC: Initialism of separation of concerns.
SOC: Initialism of standard outcue.
SOC: Abbreviation of state of charge.
CQI: Channel quality indicator.
CQI: Continuous quality improvement.
EVM: Initialism of electronic voting machine.
EVM: Initialism of error vector magnitude.
EVM: Initialism of Ethereum virtual machine.
FDR: Initialism of false transmit format detection ratio (in UMTS).
FDR: Initialism of flight data recorder.
FDR: Initialism of federal democratic republic.
FDR: Initialism of false discovery rate.
TDR: Initialism of Time Domain Reflectometer: a type of cable tester which can find where a break is located.
TDR: Initialism of transferable development right.
PCI: Initialism of Peripheral Component Interconnect (a type of expansion slot on a motherboard.)
PCI: Initialism of percutaneous coronary intervention.
PCI: Initialism of precombat inspection.
hud: A huck or hull, as of a nut.
soi: In Thailand, a side-street branching off a major street; an alley or lane.
CAB: Initialism of chest compressions, airway and breathing.
CAB: Initialism of Cognition, Affect, and Behavior.
CAB: Initialism of caffeinated alcoholic beverage.
MOO: Initialism of matter of opinion.
MOO: Initialism of MUD, object-oriented.
MOO: Initialism of Money Order Office.
MOO: Initialism of massive overdense object.
BCG: Initialism of Bacillus of Calmette and Guérin (“Bacille Calmette-Guérin”)., a vaccine for tuberculosis developed by Albert Calmette and Camille Guérin
BCG: Initialism of birth control glasses.
BCG: Initialism of brightest cluster galaxy.
BCG: Initialism of blue compact galaxy.
ARA: Initialism of associate of the Royal Academy.
ARA: Initialism of animal rights activist.
ASE: Initialism of aromatic stabilisation energy.
CED: Initialism of community economic development.
CED: Initialism of computer education and design.
CED: Initialism of counseling and educational development.
CED: Initialism of Camurati-Engelmann disease.
CED: Civil Engineering Department
CED: Community and Economic Development
CED: Cooperative Education Division
CBD: Initialism of case-based discussion.
CBD: Initialism of central business district.
CBD: Initialism of consortium board of directors.
CBD: Initialism of component-based development.
CBD: Initialism of chemical and biological defence.
CBD: Initialism of cut and blow-dry.
CBD: Abbreviation of cannabidiol.
CBD: Initialism of common bile duct.
CBD: Initialism of corticobasal degeneration.
AUC: Initialism of area under curve (the area under the curve in a plot of concentration of drug in blood plasma against time).
NaN: Acronym of not a number: applied to numeric values that represent an undefined or unrepresentable value, such as zero divided by itself.
CET: Initialism of Central England temperature.
CET: Initialism of Common Entrance Test.
CET: Initialism of College English Test.
NAN: NMDA antagonist neurotoxicity.
NAN: Alternative form of NaN (not a number)
MHD: Initialism of magnetohydrodynamics.
MHD: Initialism of Marine Histories Doctorate (a degree in underwater archaeology and is also shown as a Doctor of Marine Histories or DMH)
EeV: Initialism of exa-electron volt, 10¹⁸ eV
KeV: Initialism of kiloelectronvolt.
PeV: Initialism of peta-electron volt, 10¹⁵ eV
MeV: Initialism of megaelectron volt, 10⁶ eV
MeV: Initialism of million electron volts, 10⁶ eV
CCA: Initialism of controller of certifying/certification authorities.
CCA: Initialism of car club of America.
CCA: Initialism of cocurricular activity.
CCA: Initialism of certified cropadvisor.
CCA: Initialism of Citrix certified administrator.
CCA: Initialism of chromated copper arsenate.
CCA: Initialism of consumer and corporate affairs.
CCA: Initialism of clear channel assessment.
CCA: Initialism of cold cranking amperes.
CCA: Initialism of congenital contractural arachnodactyly.
CCA: Initialism of common carotid artery.
GeV: Initialism of giga-electron volt, 10⁹ eV. A unit used for measuring the energy of subatomic particles.
TeV: Initialism of teraelectronvolt, 10¹² eV
TeV: Initialism of trillion electronvolts, 10¹² eV
bak: A wooden clapper used in Korean courts and rituals
NEO: Initialism of near-Earth object.
NEO: Acronym of new engine option.
CQA: Initialism of certified quality auditor.
MTR: Initialism of mountaintop removal.
CTC: Initialism of City Technology College.
CTC: Initialism of Centralized Traffic Control.
CTC: Initialism of curculating tumor cell.
CTC: Initialism of closed timelike curve.
owt: anything
DTA: Initialism of destination time of arrival.
DTA: Initialism of decreasing term assurance.
DTA: Initialism of differential thermal analysis.
DTA: Initialism of double tax agreement.
DVR: Initialism of digital video recorder.
AUP: Initialism of acceptable use policy.
jim: Alternative form of gym
cep: An edible mushroom (Boletus edulis).
ZOH: Initialism of zero-order hold.
FOH: Initialism of first-order hold.
FOH: Initialism of front of house.
FOH: Initialism of fuck outta here.
sqn: Abbreviation of squadron.
bru: bro; bra; term of address for a man
999: Emergency services; emergency service personnel.
DAD: A designation on prerecorded compact discs indicating that the contents were recorded in digital but mixed in analog before being mastered to a digital medium; compare AAD, ADD, DDD.
DAD: Acronym of Diffuse Alveolar Damage.
AAD: Initialism of Aircraft Assignment Directive.
AAD: Initialism of Anti-aircraft division.
AAD: Initialism of Army Air Defense.
AAD: Initialism of Airborne Assault Division.
AAD: Initialism of Armored Automobile Detachment.
C19: The nineteenth century; the 1800s.
C19: COVID-19.
C19: A astronomical term that describes grouping of stars in the Milky way galaxy halo that are 2,500 times lower than the sun
MP4: Short for MPEG-4 Part 14; A file format for playing music and videos.
DDD: Initialism of die-deterioration doubling (“a common form of mint-made error on coins that results from degradation of the die used to strike the coin”).
DDD: A designation on prerecorded compact discs indicating a "full digital recording" (recorded, mixed and mastered in digital).
DDD: Initialism of dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane (“insecticide related to DDT”).
DDD: Initialism of domain-driven design (“methodology and set of priorities for object oriented programming”).
DDD: Initialism of direct distance dialing (“network-provided service that enables non-local telephone calls to be made without operator assistance”).
DDD: Initialism of defined daily dose: a statistical measure of drug consumption.
DDD: Initialism of degenerative disc disease.
ema: A wooden plaque bearing a prayer or wish, left hanging at a Shinto shrine.
£sd: the pre-decimal pounds, shillings, pence
£sd: money in general
pup: A young dog, wolf, fox, seal, bat or shark, or the young of certain other animals.
pup: A young, inexperienced person.
pup: Any cute dog, regardless of age.
pup: A short semi-trailer used jointly with a dolly and another semi-trailer to create a twin trailer.
pup: A new plant growing from a shoot that can be used for propagation.
pup: A kind of small spotlight.
pup: An early edition of a periodical publication, intended for distribution to distant locations.
MOT: Ministry of Transport test; an annual test of roadworthiness for British cars over three years old.
MOT: An aggregate which meets the Ministry of Transport standard as a compact subbase.
MOT: management of technology.
MOT: microwave oven transformer
MOT: A member of the tribe; i.e. a Jew
MOT: magnetooptical trap
wop: A person of Italian descent.
DCC: Initialism of direct cable connection.
DCC: Abbreviation of dicyclohexylcarbodiimide.
DCC: Initialism of deputy chief constable, a police rank used in Commonwealth countries.
DCC: Initialism of descending chain condition.
DCC: Initialism of direct client contact.
aak: A genre of Korean court music
IDF: Initialism of inverse document frequency.
8vo: Abbreviation of octavo., a page size (5"-6.25" x 7.5"-10").
8vo: A book size, corresponding to the page size.
4to: Abbreviation of quarto, a paper size.
4to: Abbreviation of quarto, a corresponding book size.
GPU: Initialism of graphics processing unit (an electronic circuit dedicated to generating graphics and displaying images).
GPU: Initialism of ground power unit (a ground mobile unit that supplies electrical power to an aircraft while on the ground, without needing to power up the engines or APU).
iru: A West African condiment made from fermented locust beans.
WML: Abbreviation of Westmünsterländisch.
SPC: Initialism of supplementary protection certificate.
SPC: Initialism of saeclum post Christum (era after Christ).
SPC: Initialism of secretariat of the Pacific Community.
SPC: Initialism of security in pervasive computing.
SPC: Initialism of serum protein concentrate.
SPC: Initialism of soy protein concentrate.
SPC: Initialism of special purpose carbine.
SPC: Initialism of special purpose cartridge.
SPC: Initialism of structure-property correlation.
SPC: Initialism of segregated portfolio company.
EMT: Initialism of emergency medical technician.
EMT: Initialism of epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
EMT: Initialism of electrical metal tubing.
SMM: Initialism of single-molecule magnet.
SMM: Initialism of surface molecular metal, e.g. on silicon wafers, that can affect electrical properties or reliability
SMM: Initialism of social media manager.
sob: A cry with a short, sudden expulsion of breath.
sob: sound of sob
vog: Air pollution caused by substances (such as sulphur dioxide) emitted by a volcano.
shi: Abbreviation of shibire.
shi: Apocopic form of shit
aul: A village encampment in the Caucasus, Central Asia or the Southern Urals.
aul: Obsolete spelling of awl.
gif: Alternative letter-case form of GIF
soo: Alternative form of sow.
ety: Abbreviation of etymology.
dak: A post system by means of transport relays of horses stationed at intervals along a route or network, carrying mail and passengers.
dak: A dak bungalow.
CNV: Initialism of copy-number variant, Initialism of copy number variation.
CNV: Initialism of choroidal neovascularization.
STR: Initialism of short tandem repeat.
STR: Initialism of suspicious transaction report.
STR: Initialism of suspend to RAM.
STR: Initialism of strength point.
STR: Initialism of sell-through rate.
DSO: Initialism of deep sky object.
DSO: Initialism of dynamic shared object.
DSO: Initialism of Distinguished Service Order.
DEB: Initialism of dynamic energy budget.
DEB: Initialism of dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa.
oud: A short-necked and fretless plucked stringed instrument of the lute family, of Arab and Turkish origin.
oud: Agarwood.
cha: tea, sometimes (dialect) specifically masala chai
cha: Synonym of Korean foot: a traditional unit of length equivalent to about 30.3 cm.
HQP: Initialism of highly qualified personnel.
kif: A kind of cannabis smoked in Morocco and Algeria, for narcotic or intoxicating effect.
kif: The state of relaxed stupor induced by cannabis.
kif: The trichome of marijuana, a green powdery substance that falls from dry marijuana, high in THC and other cannabinoid compounds.
khu: In ancient Egyptian mythology, a part of the soul or spirit which left the body after death.
jat: Alternative spelling of yat
ERD: Initialism of entity-relationship diagram.
ERD: Initialism of effective rim diameter.
S&M: Abbreviation of sadomasochism.
LTR: Initialism of long-term relationship.
LTR: Initialism of long terminal repeat.
gcd: Initialism of greatest common divisor.
luv: Deliberate misspelling of love.
T&G: Initialism of tongue and groove.
gtg: Abbreviation of get-together.
PAR: Initialism of periodic automatic replenishment: in inventory control, a fixed quantity of an item that must be kept on hand to support daily operations.
PAR: Initialism of photosynthetically-active radiation.
PAR: Initialism of precision approach radar.
PAR: Abbreviation of phased-array radar.
PAR: Abbreviation of pseudoautosomal region.
MIP: Initialism of minor in possession (of alcohol).
MIP: Initialism of molecularly imprinted polymer.
SSO: Initialism of single sign-on.
SSO: Initialism of shared services organization.
SSO: Initialism of sub-stellar object.
SSO: Initialism of sun-synchronous orbit.
eki: A Japanese train station.
DNF: Initialism of disjunctive normal form.
vta: Initialism of verb transitive animate.
ort: A fragment; a scrap of leftover food; any remainder; a piece of refuse.
FCF: Initialism of free cash flow.
FCF: Initialism of feature control frame.
DXM: Abbreviation of dextromethorphan.
oka: A former Turkish, Egyptian, Hungarian, and Romanian unit of weight, usually of a little more than a kilogram.
oka: A unit of volume in Egypt (and formerly Turkey) corresponding to about 1.2 litres.
CEI: Initialism of cum-eating instructions: written or recorded instructions directing a submissive to consume semen.
CEI: Initialism of child exploitation images.
tue: Archaic form of tui (the parson bird)
DFD: Initialism of data flow diagram.
ake: Archaic spelling of ache.
vti: Initialism of verb transitive inanimate.
sud: A bubble of lather or foam (the singular of suds).
MSP: Initialism of Member of Parliament of the Scottish Parliament.
MSP: Initialism of microspectrophotometry.
MSP: Initialism of micro scalp pigmentation.
MSP: Initialism of managed service provider.
MSP: Initialism of mail service provider.
MSP: Initialism of monosodium phosphate.
CEA: Initialism of carcinoembryonic antigen.
CEA: Initialism of collie eye anomaly.
CEA: Initialism of Cumulative Effects Assessment.
CEA: Initialism of Centre for Effective Altruism.
MAR: Initialism of modified aspect ratio.
OAR: Initialism of original aspect ratio.
Sim: A Simeonite (follower of Charles Simeon).
Sim: A person with Methodist tendencies.
Sim: Any of the characters in the video game The Sims, which simulates aspects of a human social environment.
tet: Alternative form of teth (“Semitic letter”).
tet: Clipping of tetracycline.
tet: The tetralogy of Fallot.
tet: A patient with tetralogy of Fallot.
tet: A tetraploid plant cultivar (iris, daylily etc.).
tet: A tetrahedron; a tetrahedral finite element.
tet: Clipping of tetradrachm.
tet: A tetra (freshwater fish).
tet: Clipping of tetanus.
tet: Obsolete form of teat.
USN: Initialism of update sequence number.
iwi: A Maori tribe.
2x4: Alternative form of two by four
neo: Clipping of neofan.
neo: Clipping of neoconservative.
neo: Clipping of neopronoun.
neo: Alternative letter-case form of NEO
AKR: Initialism of air kerma rate.
NGB: Initialism of Nambu-Goldstone boson.
NGB: Initialism of National Governing Body, one of the member organizations of the US Olympic Committee (USOC) charged with governance of recognized sports.
IVG: Initialism of in vitro gametogenesis.
IVG: An inducted abortion (in the context of a country like France).
rez: Clipping of reservation (“tract of land set apart for native people”).
rez: Clipping of reserve.
rez: Clipping of residence; dormitory.
rez: Clipping of resonance.
rez: Clipping of resurrection.
rez: Clipping of resolution.
CLM: Initialism of credit limit management.
CLM: Initialism of career-limiting move.
KOM: Initialism of King of the Mountains. (in the mountains classification of a cycling road race)
CDM: Initialism of cold dark matter.
CDM: Initialism of charge description master.
CDM: Initialism of Caribbean dance music.
CDM: Initialism of Clean Development Mechanism.
amu: Abbreviation of atomic mass unit.
dut: A snug woolly hat.
dut: A woollen hat with a rim underneath made famous by the character Benny in ITV's Crossroads.
FTW: Initialism of fitness to work.
PDI: Initialism of pre-delivery inspection.
PDI: Initialism of polydispersity index.
PDI: Initialism of petrol direct injection. (fuel injection)
POJ: Abbreviation of Pe̍h-ōe-jī.
DTC: Abbreviation of diagnostic trouble code.
IND: Initialism of Investigational New Drug application.
IND: Abbreviation of independent., especially where the alternatives are initialisms (e.g., for television networks).
DES: Abbreviation of diethylstilbestrol.
DES: Initialism of Dark Energy Survey, (an astronomy project)
DES: Initialism of Deep Ecliptic Survey, (an astronomy project)
DES: Initialism of Dry Eye Syndrome.
DES: Initialism of Diffuse Esophageal Spasm.
DES: Initialism of Drug-Eluting Stent.
ahh: Alternative spelling of aah
urs: The anniversary of the death of a Sufi saint, celebrated with music and ritual.
NEA: Initialism of near-Earth asteroid.
NEA: Initialism of non-examination assessment.
ooh: An exclamation of ooh.
yuk: Something, such as a joke, that causes such a laugh.
yow: Alternative form of yowe
nic: nicotine
OST: Initialism of original soundtrack.
IRV: Initialism of instant runoff voting.
STV: Initialism of single transferable vote.
rah: A person (especially a student) with a posh accent who looks down on those who are "common".
ILS: Initialism of instrument landing system.
ILS: Initialism of integrated logistic support.
ILS: Initialism of integrated library system.
qto: Abbreviation of quarto.
qtr: Abbreviation of quarter.
quo: Paired with quid, in reference to the phrase quid pro quo (“this for that”): something given in exchange for something else.
gon: One hundredth of a right angle; a gradian.
gon: Abbreviation of gondola car.
cal: Clipping of calorie.
cal: Clipping of caliber.
cal: Clipping of calendar.
cal: wolfram, an ore of tungsten.
cal: calcium hydroxide, slaked lime
Kaw: A member of a particular Native American tribe in Oklahoma and parts of Kansas.
wah: The red panda.
wah: wah-wah.
FOE: Initialism of freedom of expression.
FOE: Initialism of forces of evil.
sis: Clipping of sister.
IRT: The subway lines, collectively, formerly run by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company.
IRT: Initialism of item response theory.
IRT: Initialism of investigation and recovery team.
BMT: Initialism of basic military training, which includes physical training, where Singaporean males will learn basic skills of a soldier.
BMT: Initialism of bone marrow transplant or bone marrow transplantation.
rax: barracks
rec: Clipping of recreation.
rec: Clipping of recreation ground.
rec: Clipping of recommendation.
PAN: Acronym of primary account number.
PAN: Acronym of personal area network.
PAN: Initialism of polyacrylonitrile.
PAN: Initialism of peroxyacetyl nitrate.
PAN: Initialism of phenylacetonitrile.
DLO: Initialism of dead letter office.
sid: sadiki
ABH: Initialism of actual bodily harm.
att: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Lao kip.
rea: Alternative form of rei
biz: Business.
dol: The unit of measurement for pain.
pyx: A small, usually round container used to hold the host (“consecrated bread or wafer of the Eucharist”), especially when bringing communion to the sick or others unable to attend Mass.
pyx: A (small) box; a casket, a coffret.
pyx: A box used in a mint as a place to deposit sample coins intended to have the fineness of their metal and their weight tested before the coins are issued to the public.
pyx: A compass used by sailors.
M&M: Initialism of morbidity and mortality.
XOR: The connective "exclusive or".
XOR: A logic gate that implements "exclusive or".
XOR: The symbolic representation that implements "exclusive or".
NOR: A binary operator composite of NOT OR; negation of OR function.
NOR: Acronym of nucleolus organiser region.
ESS: evolutionarily stable strategy
ESS: Initialism of electronic switching system.
ESS: Abbreviation of energy storage system.
ESS: Initialism of employee self-service.
ESS: Initialism of earth system science.
ESS: Initialism of explained sum of squares.
ens: An entity or being; an existing thing, as opposed to a quality or attribute.
ens: Something supposed to condense within itself all the virtues and qualities of a substance from which it is extracted; an essence, an active principle.
470: A monohull dinghy, 4.7 metres in length, with two sails, designed for two people
420: A particular type of monohull dinghy with two sails, designed for two people.
420: Cannabis.
420: Pertaining to cannabis, its consumption, or cannabis culture.
420: April 20 (abbreviated 4/20 in the US), as an occasion to celebrate cannabis culture.
sim: Clipping of simulator.
sim: Clipping of simulation.
sim: A simulation session or scenario
pp.: Abbreviation of pages. (plural of p.)
pp.: Abbreviation of past participle.
ACL: Initialism of anterior cruciate ligament.
ACL: Initialism of anterior cruciate ligament.
ACL: An injury to the ACL.
ACL: Initialism of access control list.
ACL: action-centred leadership
zek: A prisoner at a Russian prison, especially (historical) at a Soviet labour camp.
cel: A piece of celluloid on which has been drawn a frame of an animated film.
cel: clipping of celibate.
dur: A marijuana dealer.
AWG: Initialism of American wire gauge.
AWG: Initialism of arbitrary waveform generator.
AWG: Initialism of arrayed waveguide grating.
PER: Initialism of protein efficiency ratio.
VOM: Initialism of voltohmmeter. or volt-ohm-milliammeter
DMS: Initialism of dimethyl sulfide.
DMS: Initialism of Document Management System.
DMS: Initialism of Database Management System.
DMS: Initialism of Degree-Minute-Second (a method of writing angles.)
DMS: Initialism of Dynamic Mechanical Spectroscopy.
DMS: Initialism of Destroyer Minesweeper.
DMS: Initialism of Decoration for Meritorious Services.
DMS: Initialism of Defense Message System.
DMS: Initialism of Donors Message Service.
DMS: Initialism of Digital Multiplex System.
rar: Alternative letter-case form of RAR
lin: Alternative spelling of linn
lin: Alternative form of line (“flax, linen”)
rei: A Portuguese real
hab: A habitation or habitation facility.
hab: A habanero.
sny: Upward curving observed in the planks of a wooden ship or boat.
sny: An upward curve at the edge of a plank.
sny: Upward curving observed in the planks of a wooden ship or boat.
sny: An upward curve in the lines of a wooden watercraft from amidships toward its bow and its stern.
sny: A small channel of water.
göl: Alternative form of gul
tej: A style of mead or honey wine common to Ethiopia and Eritrea.
NIE: Initialism of National Intelligence Estimate.
NIE: Initialism of National Interest Exemption.
MiG: Any of a series of Soviet and Russian fighter aircraft.
teg: a sheep (originally a ewe) that is one to two years old
teg: a doe in its second year
dob: A small amount of something, especially paste.
dob: Initialism of date of birth.
CSP: Abbreviation of content security policy.
CSP: Abbreviation of concentrated solar power.
CSP: Initialism of chief superintendent (a police rank).
CSP: Initialism of communications service provider. (telecommunications company or telco)
CSP: Initialism of communicating sequential processes.
CSP: Initialism of constraint satisfaction problem.
CSP: Initialism of circumsporozoite protein.
fos: Initialism of freedom of speech.
sor: A sorority (student organization).
kor: Alternative form of cor: a former Hebrew and Phoenician unit of volume.
pia: The pia mater, the innermost of the meninges that protect the brain and spinal cord.
pia: A perennial Polynesian herb whose fleshy tubers yield arrowroot.
vaj: The vagina.
GFY: Initialism of government fiscal year.
kar: Deliberate misspelling of car.
AWB: Initialism of airwaybill.
mho: A former unit of electric conductance, equivalent to and superseded by the siemens.
gom: A foolish person.
gom: Alternative form of gum
jum: Alternative form of jhum
eep: A short scream or yelp.
eep: Sleep.
aum: Alternative form of aam
rit: A scratch, a score or a groove.
tuz: A lock or tuft of hair.
AOC: Initialism of Air Officer Commanding, a title used to refer to RAF officers holding certain command appointments.
AOC: Initialism of age of consent.
AOC: Initialism of author of color.
AOC: Initialism of air operator's certificate.
AOC: A label for French wines named after their regions of origin certifying that origin.
AOC: A region for which such a certification is issued.
UTM: Initialism of unified threat management.
UTM: Initialism of Universal Turing machine.
UTM: Initialism of Urchin Tracking Module.
IVA: Initialism of individual voluntary arrangement.
IVA: Initialism of individual vehicle approval.
IVA: Initialism of intravehicular activity.
IVA: Initialism of in-vitro activation.
mog: A cat.
yex: a hiccup
BHA: Initialism of butylated hydroxyanisole.
BHT: Initialism of butylated hydroxytoluene.
BHT: Initialism of black hairy tongue.
arg: An argument; a value passed as a parameter.
arg: Alternative form of arg. (“argent”)
ras: An Ethiopian king or prince.
ras: A headland; a cape.
öre: A Swedish unit of currency that makes up the krona. 100 öre equals one krona.
öre: Misspelling of øre.
lic: Abbreviation of license/licence.
IQR: Abbreviation of interquartile range.
mol: Alternative spelling of mole
GUT: Initialism of grand unification theory or grand unified theory.
tuk: A Barbadian musical style, based on British regimental music of the colonial era, but accompanied by costumed performances based on African characters.
div: A function, implemented in many programming languages, that returns the result of a division of two integers.
div: A section of a web page, or the div element that represents it in HTML code.
div: A division; a lesson.
div: division; a subject with multidisciplinary scope.
div: A division.
div: Divergence; a kind of differential operator.
div: Divinity, as a school subject.
div: A foolish person; an idiot.
div: Alternative form of daeva
lev: The currency of Bulgaria, divided into 100 stotinki.
ume: Japanese apricot, a species of Asian plum, Prunus mume.
FTL: Initialism of full truck load.
FTL: Initialism of faster-than-light.
eme: An uncle.
eme: Friend.
pak: Deliberate misspelling of pack.
BGA: Initialism of ball grid array.
BGA: Initialism of blue-green alga.
oba: A king of a Yoruba polity.
apo: Short for apolipoprotein.
juk: Congee.
I/O: Abbreviation of input/output.
zad: Obsolete form of zed (“letter Z”).
zad: Alternative form of daad (“Arabic letter ض”)
CAR: Abbreviation of carnitine.
CAR: Initialism of chimeric antigen receptor.
LAH: Initialism of lithium aluminium hydride.
vag: vagina (or, informally, vulva)
vag: turf used as fuel
MDT: Initialism of multidrug therapy.
MDT: Initialism of model-driven testing.
MDT: Initialism of multidisciplinary team.
IAQ: Initialism of infrequently asked question, one that does not merit inclusion in a FAQ.
IAQ: Initialism of indoor air quality.
PUD: Initialism of peptic ulcer disease.
RAP: recognized air picture
RAP: Initialism of retirement annuity plan.
RAP: Acronym of record of arrest and prosecution.
MST: Initialism of minimum spanning tree.
MST: A parody fanfic created in this manner.
UNA: Initialism of unlocked nucleic acid.
SAG: Initialism of straight-acting gay.
BJD: Initialism of ball-jointed doll.
toa: A small painted artifact made by the Diyari people of Australia, believed to have been used as place markers or signposts.
toa: A brave warrior.
toa: A Polynesian tree of the genus Casuarina, or its wood.
ZIP: A zip code.
ZIP: A zip file.
PPP: Initialism of purchasing power parity.
PPP: Initialism of pearly penile papules.
PPP: Initialism of public-private partnership.
PPP: Initialism of perfect passive participle.
PPP: Initialism of personal pension scheme.
pyn: Obsolete form of pin (mood).
zem: A zemidjan.
HDR: Initialism of Hot Dry Rock.
HDR: Initialism of Humanitarian Daily Ration.
HDR: Initialism of High Dynamic Range.
HDR: Initialism of Hard Disk/Hard Drive Recorder. (a recording device that records onto a hard disk drive)
gor: God.
oxo: A substituent oxygen atom connected to another atom by a double bond.
oxo: The game of noughts and crosses.
GRB: Initialism of gamma-ray burst.
fum: A mythological Chinese bird, the fènghuáng.
oga: A chief, employer, or superior.
moe: Strong interest in, and especially fetishistic attraction towards, fictional characters in anime, manga, video games, and/or similar media.
moe: Obsolete form of mow (“wry face, grimace”).
moe: Obsolete form of moa.
niu: A tall pole with yardarms from which hung ropes, circled by worshippers in the Pai Mārire religious movement.
lur: A long natural blowing horn without finger holes, played by embouchure.
TPN: Initialism of triphosphopyridine nucleotide.
NAD: Initialism of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide.
DPN: Initialism of diphosphopyridine nucleotide.
DPN: Initialism of double-pointed needle(s).
lud: lord (used in addressing a judge)
udo: Japanese spikenard
ELL: Abbreviation of RNA polymerase II elongation factor: an enzyme found in Cajal bodies.
ELL: Initialism of English-language learner.
rov: Alternative form of rav
moc: moccasin (type of shoe)
DMM: Initialism of digital multimeter.
DMM: Initialism of Dynamic-maturational model of attachment and adaptation.
kob: An African antelope closely related to the lechwe and the waterbuck, Kobus kob.
kob: Any of several large game fish of the family Sciaenidae, especially the kabeljou (dusky kob or great kob or perhaps the smaller squaretail kob.
zob: A good-for-nothing person.
lep: A butterfly or moth.
tur: Either of two species of wild goat native to Caucasus, West Caucasian tur Capra caucasica or East Caucasian tur Capra cylindricornis.
zel: Alternative form of zill
4-L: Alternative spelling of four L
2 L: 2L
ibu: ibuprofen
écu: A silver coin formerly used in France, with varying values.
lim: Alternative form of limb
kut: A traditional Korean shamanic ritual.
alu: Alternative form of aloo
koa: A large tree of species Acacia koa (family Fabaceae) which is endemic to and common on the islands of Hawaii; or the wood of this tree.
GPM: Initialism of gallon per minute.
lof: Community, tribe: basic social organization of the Mapuche, Huilliche, and Picunche peoples, a (familial) clan which recognizes the authority of a lonco.
QAU: Initialism of quality assurance unit.
TMT: Initialism of theoretical maximum throughput.
TMT: Initialism of technology, media, and telecommunications.
oto: An otocinclus (freshwater fish, genus Otocinclus).
SMT: Initialism of surface-mount technology.
SMT: Initialism of senior management team.
zot: An anteater.
zot: A black person.
@$$: Censored spelling of ass.
GSU: Initialism of geographically separated unit: a military unit not at the same physical location or base as its parent unit.
ava: Alternative form of kava
VSO: Initialism of violin-shaped object., referring to a violin that is of very low quality.
CPG: Initialism of consumer packaged goods.
sav: A saveloy.
QFT: Initialism of quantitative feedback theory.
QFT: Initialism of quantum field theory.
QFT: Initialism of quantum Fourier transform.
coq: A trimming of cock feathers on a woman's hat.
SPP: Initialism of statutory paternity pay - payments made by an employer to a father who is absent from work after the birth of a child.
SPP: Initialism of single-pin picking.
fas: A border or fringe.
fas: A thing represented as being worthless.
ICF: Initialism of insulated concrete form.
ICF: Initialism of inertial confinement fusion.
ICF: Initialism of Internet Connection Firewall.
SSP: Abbreviation of senior superintendent. (a police rank)
SSP: Abbreviation of space solar power or space-based solar power.
SSP: Initialism of sound speed profile.
umu: An earth oven used by the Maori.
SMP: Initialism of statutory maternity pay (“payments made by an employer to an employee who is absent from work due to their pregnancy”).
SMP: Initialism of symmetric multiprocessing.
SMP: Initialism of socialist millionaire problem.
SMP: Initialism of single member plurality.
SMP: Initialism of support and maintenance package.
SMP: Initialism of system marginal price (“the marginal electricity price in a power system optimization”).
SMP: Initialism of scalp micropigmentation.
SMP: Initialism of statement of monetary policy.
SMP: Initialism of shape-memory polymer.
SMP: Initialism of signal message processor.
SMP: Initialism of silyl modified polymer.
SMP: Initialism of slow-moving proteinase.
SMP: Initialism of stable marriage problem or stable matching problem.
SMP: Initialism of stable massive particle.
SMP: Initialism of surface-mount package.
SMP: Initialism of system modification program.
SMP: Initialism of survival multiplayer.
MRA: Initialism of men's rights activist.
MRA: Initialism of mail retrieval agent.
MRA: Initialism of mutual recognition agreement.
OOV: An item in a television (especially news) broadcast consisting of pictures alone, to be played on screen while the presenter continues to talk out of vision and provide commentary.
pau: Alternative form of pa (“Maori fort”)
pau: A unit of volume used in Brunei, Malaysia, Sabah, and Sarawak, equivalent to 2 imperial gills (approximately 0.284 litres or 0.6 US pints).
pau: baozi; Chinese steamed buns with filling
FIV: Abbreviation of factor IV (clotting factor IV).
SIV: Initialism of simian immunodeficiency virus.
SIV: Initialism of swine influenza virus, usually Influenza A virus.
SIV: Initialism of special immigrant visa.
LDA: Initialism of localizer type directional aid.
LDA: Initialism of lithium diisopropylamide.
LDA: Initialism of local-density approximation.
LDA: Initialism of linear discriminant analysis.
LDA: Initialism of left-displaced abomasum.
LDA: Initialism of legal drinking age.
LDA: Initialism of low-density amorphous ice.; a form of H₂O water ice, with a density less than that of liquid water, but denser than the usual crystalline ice
LDA: Initialism of Lahore Development Authority.
DSN: Initialism of data source name.
DSN: Initialism of data set name.
DSN: Initialism of digital subscriber network.
aia: Alternative spelling of ayah
noh: A form of classical Japanese music drama.
phr: Abbreviation of phrase.
jer: Ultra-short or reduced vowel in Proto- and Late Common Slavonic (or Slavic), then represented as ъ (back jer [ŭ]) or ь (front jer [ĭ]).
aga: Alternative spelling of agha
obs: Police observation.
obs: An observation hut.
goi: Alternative spelling of goy
BCA: Initialism of bichloroacetic acid.
EAF: Initialism of electric arc furnace.
MEF: Initialism of Masochistic Emasculation Fetish.
rio: Alternative form of ryō (“Japanese ounce”)
rio: A grade of Spanish saffron, in quality below mancha and coupé but above standard and sierra.
70s: The decade of the 1970s.
70s: Temperatures from 70 to 79 degrees.
40s: The decade of the 1940s.
40s: Temperatures from 40 to 49 degrees.
spn: Initialism of substitution-permutation network.
nuc: A nucleus colony; a small bee colony created from a larger colony.
RTL: Initialism of register-transfer level.
RTL: Initialism of runtime library.
RTL: Initialism of rudder travel limiter.
vax: Clipping of vaccine.
vax: Clipping of vaccination.
PKU: Abbreviation of phenylketonuria.
PAH: Initialism of phenylalanine hydroxylase.
PAH: Initialism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon.
PAH: Initialism of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
PAH: Initialism of paradoxical adipose hyperplasia.
QTC: Initialism of quantum tunneling compound.
QTC: Initialism of Quantum Tunneling Composite.
BDU: Initialism of battle dress uniform.
oxy: The bivalent R-O-R functional group found in ethers.
oxy: Clipping of oxyacetylene, a mixture of oxygen and acetylene used for cutting and welding metals.
oxy: Clipping of oxycodone, an opioid similar to heroin.
oxy: Clipping of oxygen.
adz: Alternative spelling of adze
kef: Alternative spelling of kif
mam: Mum, mom; diminutive of mother.
GRI: Initialism of Graduate of the Realtor Institute
ayr: father
ayr: Alternative spelling of air (especially when referring to the form of music).
ded: A person who inflicts dedovshchina (a kind of hazing ritual).
msg: Abbreviation of message.
SSS: Initialism of super soft source.
SSS: Initialism of sick sinus syndrome.
SSS: Initialism of subclavian steal syndrome.
SSS: Initialism of shit, shower, shave.
SSS: Initialism of subsurface scattering.
VDX: Initialism of virtual document exchange.
WAG: A wife or girlfriend of a sports star or other celebrity, originally and especially of an association football player.
WAG: A wild-assed guess; a rough estimate.
SDR: Initialism of special drawing right.
SDR: Initialism of single data rate.
SDR: Initialism of system of distinct representatives.
SDR: Initialism of software defined radio.
SDR: Initialism of standard dynamic range.
SDR: Initialism of surveillance detection route.
SDR: Initialism of socially desirable responding.
SOV: Initialism of single occupancy vehicle.
DTT: Initialism of digital terrestrial television.
ure: use, practise, exercise.
ure: Synonym of aurochs
FCA: Initialism of Fellow Chartered Accountant. (This is a senior member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales, Ireland, India, Sri Lanka or certain other Commonwealth countries.)
FCA: Acronym of Free Carrier.
loc: A dreadlock.
loc: Alternative letter-case form of LOC.
loc: Clipping of localization.
JSA: Initialism of Jobseeker's Allowance.
YOP: A person employed under the Youth Opportunities Programme.
tac: The drug cannabis.
yop: A person employed under the Youth Opportunities Programme in Britain in the 1980s.
yop: Initialism of Yersinia outer protein
ARP: Initialism of absolute refractory period.
ARP: Short for Air Raid Precautions.
SKS: Initialism of some kind soul (usually in a request for information etc.)
SKS: The SKS rifle.
eld: One's age, age in years, period of life.
eld: Old age, senility; an old person.
eld: Time; an age, an indefinitely long period of time.
eld: Former ages, antiquity, olden times.
V-1: An early cruise missile, powered by a pulsejet, used by Germany in the Second World War.
V-1: Alternative form of V1
aya: Alternative form of ayah
V-2: An early long-range liquid-fuel ballistic missile used by Germany during the Second World War.
V-2: Alternative form of V2
V-2: Alternative spelling of V-twin
DPM: Initialism of damp-proof membrane.
DPM: Initialism of disruptive pattern material.
DPM: Initialism of doctor of podiatric medicine.
DPM: Initialism of deputy prime minister.
DPM: Initialism of damage per minute.
DPM: Initialism of dogs (“hot dogs and buns”) per minute, an instantaneous rate of consumption of HDBs (“hot dog buns and hot dog sausages”).
NEP: Initialism of noise-equivalent power.
NEP: Initialism of nanosatellite engineering professional.
NEP: Initialism of non-English proficient.
S&A: Initialism of sales and administration.
DTR: Initialism of draft technical report (used by ISO)
JAP: Initialism of Jewish-American/Jewish-Australian princess: overly materialistic and selfish young Jewish American or Australian woman
JAP: Initialism of Jewish-American/Jewish-Australian prince: overly materialistic and selfish young Jewish American or Australian man
asc: Initialism of Act of Senedd Cymru; formerly called Acts of the National Assembly for Wales, and only used for Acts passed after the change of name.
ALP: Acronym of axion-like particle.
ALP: Initialism of alkaline phosphatase.
POR: price on request.
POR: power-on reset.
FAS: Initialism of fetal alcohol syndrome.
QoS: Initialism of quality of service.
QoS: Initialism of queen of spades.
SDH: Initialism of synchronous digital hierarchy.
SDH: Initialism of subdural hematoma.
SDH: Initialism of subtitles for the deaf and hard of hearing.
EIR: Initialism of excess information rate.
EIR: Initialism of establishment inspection report.: a report issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration following the inspection of a facility where goods under the authority of the agency are manufactured, held, or sold.
BPM: Alternative form of bpm
BPM: Initialism of Business Performance Management.
BPM: Initialism of Business Process Management.
BPM: Initialism of Business Process Modeling.
SLA: Initialism of sealed lead-acid battery.
SLA: Initialism of second language acquisition.
SLA: Initialism of service level agreement.
SLA: Initialism of specific leaf area.
SLA: Initialism of stereolithography apparatus.
SLA: Initialism of Symbionese Liberation Army.
SLA: Initialism of Sudan Liberation Army, (also known as SLM)
LDR: Initialism of light dependent resistor.
LDR: Initialism of long-distance relationship.
diz: A tool, often a flat circle, with one or more holes for passing wool through to form roving of a specified thickness.
VMI: Initialism of vendor-managed inventory.
aad: Initialism of active acoustic device.; active acoustical device.
aad: Initialism of advanced ammunition depot.
aad: Initialism of alloxazine adenine dinucleotide.
aad: Initialism of antibiotics-associated diarrhea.
hoo: A strip of land; a peninsula; a spur or ridge.
ket: A column vector, in Hilbert space, especially as representing the state of a quantum mechanical system; the complex conjugate of a bra (a row vector); a ket vector. Symbolised by |...〉.
ket: Carrion; any filth.
ket: Sweetmeats.
ket: A sweet, treat or candy.
ket: ketamine
ket: matted wool
GBH: Initialism of grievous bodily harm.
GHB: Initialism of gamma-hydroxybutyrate, often used as a date rape drug.
SLM: Initialism of Single Longitudinal Mode laser.
SLM: Initialism of small language model.
suk: Alternative spelling of souq
zep: A certain type of submarine sandwich
nak: A female yak.
wap: A blow or beating; a whap.
wap: A breast.
wap: A bundle.
wap: A weapon, gun.
RSJ: Initialism of rolled steel joist.
SRU: Initialism of sulphur recovery unit.
KTV: Karaoke television, a form of interactive musical entertainment.
KTV: Karaoke box, a karaoke entertainment establishment.
OAP: Initialism of old-age pensioner.
AMP: Initialism of adenosine monophosphate.
AMP: Initialism of antimicrobial peptide.
AMP: Initialism of accelerated mobile page.
AMP: Initialism of Asian massage parlor.
uro: A small, irregularly-shaped wound made in the trunk of a bonsai tree for aesthetic reasons.
olm: Proteus anguinus, a cave-dwelling neotenous salamander with external gills, found along the coast from northeastern Italy to Montenegro.
tui: A species of honeyeater, Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae, a bird which is endemic to New Zealand.
weh: A red panda.
R&R: Initialism of rock and roll.
R&R: Initialism of rest and recuperation/recreation/relaxation.
nub: The innermost section of a chrysalis in a silk cocoon.
nub: A small lump or knob.
nub: The essence or core of an issue, argument etc.
nub: The clitoris.
nub: A pointing stick.
nub: Alternative spelling of noob.
CFD: Initialism of Computational Fluid Dynamics.
CFD: Initialism of Contract for Difference.
GSP: Initialism of good safety practice.
GSP: Initialism of good scientific practice.
GSP: Initialism of German Shorthaired Pointer.
USP: Ellipsis of USP unit.
USP: Initialism of unique selling proposition/selling point.
USP: Initialism of user stored procedure.
MCS: Initialism of multiple chemical sensitivity.
MCS: Initialism of minimally conscious state.
IFF: Initialism of identification friend or foe.
MPS: Abbreviation of methylacetylene propadiene, stabilized. stabilized methylacetylene-propadiene mixture
MPS: Initialism of Master of Professional Studies.
MPS: Initialism of master production schedule.
MPS: Initialism of myofascial pain syndrome.
MPS: Initialism of muscle protein synthesis.
MPS: Initialism of main propulsion system (of the Space Shuttle).
guv: A form of address to a man, usually a stranger or a superior.
blu: Abbreviation of blue.
zun: Pronunciation spelling of sun.
zun: A type of Chinese ritual bronze or ceramic wine vessel with a round or square vase-like form, sometimes in the shape of an animal.
CDR: Initialism of call detail record: a computer record representing a unit of traffic handled by a telephone exchange.
CDR: Initialism of common data rate.
CDR: Initialism of content of decrement of register; cdr.
CDR: Initialism of cup-to-disc ratio.
CDR: Abbreviation of commander.
CDR: Initialism of current divider rule or current division rule.
CDR: Initialism of carbon dioxide removal.
CDR: Initialism of cooldown reduction.
CDR: Committee for the Defense of the Revolution
GLP: Initialism of good laboratory practice.
SO2: Initialism of oxygen saturation. (blood oxygenation)
PDM: Initialism of Product Data Management.
PDM: Initialism of pulse-duration modulation.
PDM: Initialism of pulse-density modulation.
ibn: son of
cwt: Alternative spelling of cwt. (“hundredweight”)
RVF: Initialism of Rift Valley fever.
DSC: Initialism of differential scanning calorimetry.
DSC: Initialism of digital still camera, more commonly called a digital camera.
DSC: Initialism of Distinguished Service Cross.
DSC: Initialism of digital selective call, a feature that allows a VHF radio to call another VHF selectively (as opposed to a call that is repeated by all receivers that are on within the range of the caller).
SEM: Initialism of scanning electron microscope.
SEM: Initialism of scanning electron microscopy.
SEM: Initialism of secondary electron multiplier.
SEM: Initialism of search engine marketing.
SEM: Initialism of standard error of the mean.
SEM: Initialism of security event management.
Kev: A working-class male.
CMB: Coastal motor boat.
CMB: Cosmic microwave background.
cgs: Alternative form of CGS
yus: Either of two letters, little yus (Ѧ) and big yus (Ѫ), representing nasal vowel sounds in the Cyrillic alphabet. The only major Slavic language retaining these sounds is Polish, which is written in the Latin alphabet.
MMF: Initialism of magnetomotive force.
MMF: Initialism of money market fund; a type of mutual fund.
MMF: Initialism of multimode fibre; a type of an optical fibre which is designed to carry a variety rays of light.
MMF: Initialism of minimum marketable feature; the smallest piece of functionality providing value to customers.
MMF: Initialism of male male female. A sexual act between two males and one female
MMF: Initialism of mycophenolate mofetil; an immunosuppressant.
DVS: Initialism of dynamic vapour sorption (a technique used to determine amorphous content of a material).
GVS: Initialism of gravimetric vapour sorption: a technique used to determine amorphous content of materials.
xxx: An abbreviation for kisses, usually placed at the end of a letter or text message, often alongside ooo (hugs).
ASD: Initialism of average standard deviation.
ASD: Initialism of actual ship date.
ASD: Initialism of after-school detention.
ASD: Initialism of atrial septal defect.
ASD: Initialism of autism spectrum disorder.
ASD: Initialism of activity support date.
ASD: Initialism of aircraft statistical data.
ASD: Initialism of Assistant Secretary of Defense.
ASD: Initialism of anti-slut defense.
E10: petrol/gasoline blended with 10 per cent ethanol.
RTS: Initialism of real-time strategy.
RTS: Initialism of Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome.
RTS: Initialism of rape trauma syndrome.
MLC: Initialism of military load classification.
MLC: Initialism of multi-level cell.
MLC: Initialism of mid-life crisis.
MLC: Initialism of member of legislative council.
747: A Boeing airplane, model number seven forty-seven, sold to airlines for passenger or cargo transportation.
FIU: Financial Intelligence Unit
LSU: Initialism of livestock unit.
UVA: Initialism of ultraviolet A.
360: A single spin which results in the original orientation.
360: An instance of 360 degree feedback.
360: A complete change of direction or opinion.
360: A Microsoft Xbox 360, a video game console.
ao3: Abbreviation of Archive of Our Own.
MPV: Initialism of multipurpose vehicle: a minivan, station wagon/estate car, large car, or, small/minibus, designed to be used on- and off-road and easily convertible to facilitate either carrying people or loading goods.
MPV: Initialism of mean platelet volume.
MPV: Initialism of monkeypox virus.
BMS: Initialism of battery management system.
BMS: Initialism of battlefield management system.
BMS: Initialism of bright mild steel. (Mild steel that has been cold finished and polished.)
BMS: Initialism of building management system.
BMS: Initialism of bare-metal stent.
BMS: Initialism of burning mouth syndrome.
CRS: Initialism of cold-rolled steel: steel that has been processed while remaining relatively cold, often coated in oil to prevent corrosion.
CRS: Initialism of Chinese restaurant syndrome.
CRS: Initialism of chronic rhinosinusitis.
CRS: Initialism of congenital rubella syndrome.
CRS: Initialism of central reservation system or computer reservation system.
CRS: Initialism of certified residential specialist.
CRS: Initialism of cartographic reference system.
CRS: Initialism of (FAA) certified repair station. (Also referred to as FAA Repair Station.)
CRS: Initialism of cytokine release syndrome.
CRS: Abbreviation of crotylsarin.
fac: A factotum letter, or a similar kind of ornamentally bordered letter formerly used at the start of a chapter or section of a book.
fac: A faculty within a university.
BEF: Initialism of bovine ephemeral fever.
ZEV: Abbreviation of zero-emission vehicle.
HEV: Initialism of hybrid electric vehicle.
HEV: Initialism of high endothelial venule.
HEV: Abbreviation of hepatitis E virus.
CLO: Initialism of chief legal officer.
CLO: Initialism of collateralized loan obligation.
CLO: Initialism of cod liver oil.
CLO: Initialism of campylobacter-like organism.
aff: affirmative; the resolution made by one group and countered by the opposing group's negative
WIP: Initialism of work in progress.
lum: A chimney; also, the top part of a chimney.
lum: A chimney; also, the top part of a chimney.
lum: A ventilating chimney over the shaft of a mine.
lum: A grove or wood; also, a woody valley.
lum: A deep pool, especially one in a riverbed.
fae: Alternative spelling of fey (“fairy folk”)
MMO: Initialism of massively multiplayer online game.
MMO: Maximum operating Mach number; the Mach number which an aircraft should not exceed in the course of routine operation.
MMO: Initialism of methane monooxygenase.
NPC: Initialism of non-player character.
NPC: Initialism of non-player character.
NPC: A person with no ability to think for themselves; a sheeple (originally referring to opponents of former US President Donald Trump).
NPC: Initialism of no patient care.
NPC: Initialism of Niemann-Pick disease type C.
NPC: Initialism of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
NPC: Initialism of non-printing character.
NPC: Initialism of neighbourhood police center.
BFG: Initialism of Big Fucking Gun.
nop: A no-op; a CPU instruction that does nothing.
EGW: Initialism of electrogas welding.
SDA: Initialism of Seventh-day Adventism, a Protestant denomination.
SDA: Initialism of Seventh-day Adventist.
SDA: Initialism of specially denatured alcohol.
mhw: Initialism of mean high water.
Ste: Abbreviation of suite.
Ste: Abbreviation of sainte. (in place names)
nep: Catmint, catnip; Nepeta cataria.
nep: A knot in a fibre of cotton.
nep: One who engages in nepotism, usually to the one who benefits from it.
kye: Cocoa (the drink).
kye: A Korean fundraising meeting.
PDU: Initialism of power distribution unit.
PDU: Initialism of propwash deflection unit.
PDU: Initialism of professional development unit.
PDU: Initialism of protocol data unit.
PDU: Initialism of poor dumb user.
yem: A Vietnamese form of underbodice; a dudou, its Chinese progenitor and equivalent.
EMU: Initialism of English metric unit (“1/360,000-th of a centimetre, or, 1/914400-th of an inch”).
EMU: Initialism of electric multiple unit.
EMU: Alternative form of emu or e.m.u.; Initialism of electromagnetic unit.
EMU: Initialism of engine management unit.
EMU: Initialism of extravehicular mobility unit (“spacesuit”).
EMU: Initialism of economic and monetary union.
ent: A large, fictional, humanoid, walking tree in works by J. R. R. Tolkien.
BJT: Initialism of bipolar junction transistor.
DYK: A question taking the form "did you know?".
APG: Abbreviation of assists per game.
LSI: Initialism of large scale integration.
LSI: Initialism of latent semantic indexing.
PHY: An electronic circuit implementing the physical layer of the OSI model.
PMT: (medicine) Premenstrual tension.
PMT: (electronics) Abbreviation of photomultiplier tube.
HRH: Initialism of His Royal Highness.
HRH: Initialism of Her Royal Highness.
GDI: Initialism of Graphics Device Interface..
GDI: Initialism of gasoline direct injection. (fuel injection)
A-1: Cox-Klemin A-1 Air Ambulance, never mass produced.
A-1: Skyraider single engine general-purpose attack aircraft.
A-1: Personnel section of an air force staff.
A-1: Air personnel officer.
A-1: Angstrom.
LGM: Lady International Correspondence Chess Grand Master
LGM: Initialism of little green man.
LGM: A pulsar designation.
LGM: Initialism of last glacial maximum.
LGM: Prefix code for a silo-launched surface-attack guided missile.
DFM: Initialism of design for manufacture/manufacturing.
cem: cemetery
NOC: Network operating / operations center.
NOC: Initialism of network on a chip.
NOC: non-official cover
NOC: no overall control
NOC: Initialism of National Olympic Committee.
MMS: A message sent using Multimedia Messaging Service
TNF: Initialism of tumor necrosis factor.
CD4: A glycoprotein found on the surface of helper T cells and several other types of immune cells.
CD4: A CD4+ helper T cell.
PCP: Abbreviation of phenylcyclohexyl piperidine, an alternative name for phencyclidine.
PCP: Abbreviation of pentachlorophenol.
PCP: Initialism of peptidyl carrier protein.
PCP: Initialism of probabilistically checkable proof.
PCP: Initialism of primary care physician.
PCP: Initialism of primary care practitioner.
PCP: Abbreviation of pneumocystis pneumonia.
BET: An adsorption technique used to measure the specific surface area of a solid, typically using nitrogen gas at a temperature of 77 K.
XRD: Initialism of X-ray diffraction.
INN: Initialism of international nonproprietary name.
paj: A lighter form of pongee silk.
PCN: Initialism of polychlorinated naphthalene.
PCN: Abbreviation of penicillin.
PCN: Initialism of penalty charge notice: a notification of a fee for unauthorised parking of a vehicle
PCN: Initialism of primary care network.
PCN: Abbreviation of percutaneous nephrostomy.
GUM: Initialism of genitourinary medicine.
NSM: Initialism of natural semantic metalanguage.
NSM: Initialism of North Star metric.
FDC: Initialism of first day cover.
FDC: Initialism of federal detention center.
FDC: Initialism of follicular dendritic cell.
gaf: Alternative spelling of gaff (“place of residence, house”)
TOM: Acronym of time of the month.
TOM: Acronym of Translocon on Outer Membrane.
MSc: Abbreviation of Master of Science.
MSc: Message sequence chart, an interaction diagram.
p&p: Initialism of postage and packing/packaging.
p&p: Initialism of policies and procedures.
RAC: Initialism of recreation and athletics centre.
RAC: Initialism of Regional Advisory Committee.
RAC: Initialism of Real Application Cluster.
RAC: Initialism of retirement annuity contract.
RAC: Initialism of rock against communism, a subgenre of hardcore punk associated with neo-nazism.
MOD: Initialism of ministry of defense. (not retricted to the British War Ministry)
MOD: Initialism of maximum operating depth.
MOD: Initialism of method of delivery.
alm: Something given to the poor as charity: a singular gift of alms.
peh: Alternative form of pe (Semitic letter)
RBT: Initialism of random breath test (of a motorist, employee, etc.)
EFL: Initialism of English as a foreign language.
SFA: Initialism of sweet Fanny Adams.
SFA: Initialism of sweet fuck all.
BBB: Initialism of blood-brain barrier.
BBB: Initialism of bundle branch block.
QPC: Initialism of quarter-pounder with cheese.
CDN: Initialism of content delivery/distribution network.
tew: A rope or chain for towing a boat.
tew: A cord; a string.
tew: Trouble; worry.
ESR: Initialism of electron spin resonance.
ESR: Initialism of erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
ESR: Initialism of extended-support release.
nim: A game in which players take turns removing objects from heaps.
nim: Alternative form of neem (“Indian tree”)
GPA: Initialism of grade point average.
GPA: GMP payment age
TEM: Initialism of transmission electron microscope.
TEM: Initialism of transmission electron microscopy.
kee: Alternative form of kye (“cow”)
Gyr: Abbreviation of gigayear.
Myr: megayear
WGD: Initialism of whole-genome duplication.
WGD: Abbreviation of weight gold: stamped on jewelry, indicating that it is solid gold, e.g. 10K WGD on the inside of a ring.
PIB: Initialism of polyisobutylene.
Ute: A member of this people.
CSV: Initialism of comma-separated values: a simple plain text data format, usually with values delimited by commas.
BeV: Initialism of billion electron volt, 10⁹ eV. A unit used for measuring the energy of subatomic particles.
MRB: Initialism of Material Review Board, system of recorded investigative checks done on failed components or processes to improve quality.
MRB: Initialism of Mortgage Revenue Bond.
OPM: Initialism of other people's money.
BFA: Initialism of Bachelor of Fine Arts.
hed: The headline of a news story.
hed: Archaic spelling of head.
VFR: Initialism of visual flight rules, a set of rules allowing a pilot to fly and navigate by sight references, rather than by relying on instruments.
VFR: Initialism of (a person) visiting friends and relatives/relations.
VFR: Initialism of variable frame rate.
MUF: Initialism of maximum usable frequency.
MUF: Initialism of material unaccounted for.
soe: a large wooden vessel for carrying water, especially one to be carried on a pole between two people.
VEP: Visual evoked potential.
VEP: Vertebral endplate (part of a vertebral body).
pye: Archaic spelling of pie (pastry food).
pye: Ellipsis of pye-dog (an Indian breed, a stray dog in Indian contexts).
sil: A yellowish pigment used by painters in ancient times.
hào: A subdivision of currency, equal to one tenth of a Vietnamese dong.
zhe: The letter Ж, ж.
CAG: Initialism of commander of the air group.
CAG: Initialism of compound annual growth.
CAG: Initialism of Comptroller and Auditor General.
CAG: Initialism of coronary artery graft.
CAG: The nucleobase coding triplet cytosine (C), adenine (A), guanine (G).
CAG: The Church of Almighty God
WMF: Initialism of Windows Metafile.
gry: A fit of ague.
gry: A small amount.
gry: One hundredth of an inch in the decimal system of measurement devised by John Locke
gry: Abbreviation of gray or grey (the color)
AVM: Initialism of arteriovenous malformation.
AVM: Initialism of avian vacuolar myelinopathy.
TCM: Initialism of traditional Chinese medicine.
TCM: Abbreviation of thousands of cubic meters.
TCM: Alternative form of tcm (“trillion cubic meters”)
TCM: Abbreviation of trichloromethane.
DFW: Initialism of drug free workplace.
DFW: Initialism of department of fish and wildlife.
DFW: Initialism of department of fisheries and Wildlife.
MAN: Initialism of Metropolitan Area Network (a large computer network usually spanning a city)
FIA: Initialism of Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries (professional qualification)
FIA: Abbreviation of FIA curbing or FIA kerbing, a form of roadside kerb formerly specified in the FIA ruleset for Formula 1 during the 1980s, for F1 Grand Prix circuits.
PDE: Initialism of partial differential equation.
PDE: Initialism of plugin development environment.
PDE: Initialism of pulse detonation engine.
ODE: Initialism of ordinary differential equation.
ESN: Initialism of electronic serial number.
MCP: Initialism of male chauvinist pig.
MCP: Initialism of membrane cofactor protein.
NLP: Initialism of neuro-linguistic programming.
NLP: Initialism of natural language processing.
NLP: Initialism of nonlinear programming.
NLP: Initialism of neuro-linguistic psychotherapy.
EPG: electropalatography
EPG: electronic program guide
sha: The letter Ш, ш.
sha: Alternative form of shah (“king of Persia etc.”)
sha: Alternative letter-case form of SHA (“cryptographic hash”)
HGH: Initialism of human growth hormone.
Sta: station
Sta: Abbreviation of Santa (“saint”).
AFI: Initialism of acquiring financial institution.
AFI: Initialism of actual flip-angle imaging.
EIT: Initialism of Enhanced Interrogation Technique.
EIT: Initialism of Electrical Impedance Tomography.
BAN: Initialism of British Approved Name.
mee: Noodles, or a dish containing noodles.
MEK: Initialism of methyl ethyl ketone.
MEK: Initialism of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase.
MEK: Initialism of Mojahedin-e-Khalq.
bev: Clipping of beverage.
pel: pixel
MP2: A streamed audio file using MPEG Layer 2
VOC: Abbreviation of volatile organic compound.
VOC: V_(OC) — Initialism of open-circuit voltage.
VOC: Abbreviation of variant of concern.
AMF: Acronym of attacking midfielder.
AMF: Initialism of adios, motherfucker, a mixed drink variant of the Long Island iced tea.
AMF: Initialism of Autorité des marchés financiers, a financial institution supervising the French financial market, or its Quebec counterpart that shares the same name.
DMT: Initialism of dimethyltryptamine, a naturally occurring psychedelic drug.
DMT: Initialism of double mini trampoline, an aerial sport.
BSC: Initialism of Basic Spacing between Centers: Used in integrated circuits to specify package mechanical dimensions. This is a theoretical true position dimension and has no tolerance.
BSC: Initialism of biological safety cabinet.
NQT: Initialism of newly qualified teacher.
OOB: Abbreviation of Open(ing) Of Business. (usually referring to a time frame margin.)
OOB: Initialism of offset overhand bend.
OOB: Initialism of out-of-body.
2WD: Initialism of two-wheel drive.
2WD: Initialism of two-wheel drive.
2WD: A two-wheel drive vehicle.
4x2: A four by two.
4x2: a four-wheeled vehicle with two-wheel drive
HGT: Initialism of horizontal gene transfer.
LGT: Initialism of lateral gene transfer.
BPC: Initialism of British Pharmaceutical Conference.
BPC: Initialism of business planning and consolidation.
BPC: Initialism of business process compromise.
HNC: Initialism of Higher National Certificate.
HND: Initialism of hexanitrodiphenylamine.
HND: Initialism of Higher National Diploma.
PEG: Acronym of polyethylene glycol.
PEG: Initialism of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy.
PEG: Initialism of price/earnings to growth.
PEG: Initialism of public, educational, and government (access television).
PEG: Initialism of parsing expression grammar.
PEG: Abbreviation of pyroelectric generator.
TQM: Initialism of total quality management.
ln.: Abbreviation of lane.
pan: A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking.
pan: The contents of such a receptacle.
pan: A cylindrical receptacle about as tall as it is wide, with one long handle, usually made of metal, used for cooking in the home.
pan: A deep plastic receptacle, used for washing or food preparation; a basin.
pan: A wide receptacle in which gold grains are separated from gravel by washing the contents with water.
pan: An expanse of level land located in a depression, especially
pan: A pond or lake, considered as the expanse of land upon which the water sits.
pan: An expanse of level land located in a depression, especially
pan: A dry lake or playa, especially a salt flat.
pan: An expanse of level land located in a depression, especially
pan: Synonym of playa lake: a temporary pond or lake in a playa.
pan: An expanse of level land located in a depression, especially
pan: Short for salt pan: a flat artificial pond used for collecting minerals from evaporated water.
pan: Short for hardpan: a hard substrate such as is formed in pans.
pan: Synonym of pipe: a channel for lava within a volcano; the cylindrical remains of such channels.
pan: Strong adverse criticism.
pan: A loaf of bread.
pan: The chamber pot in a close stool; (now) the base of a toilet, consisting of the bowl and its support.
pan: A bedpan.
pan: A human face, a mug.
pan: The bottom flat part of a roofing panel that is between the ribs of the panel.
pan: A closed vessel for boiling or evaporating as part of manufacture; a vacuum pan.
pan: The part of a flintlock that holds the priming.
pan: The skull, considered as a vessel containing the brain; the brainpan.
pan: The brain, seen as one's intellect.
pan: A recess, or bed, for the leaf of a hinge.
pan: Short for steelpan.
pan: A sequence in a film in which the camera pans over an area.
pan: Alternative form of paan
pan: A part; a portion.
pan: The distance comprised between the angle of the epaule and the flanked angle.
pan: A leaf of gold or silver.
pan: Short for pantograph.
bn.: Abbreviation of billion.
P/N: Initialism of part number (a unique, manufacturer-assigned identifier of an item or part).
P/N: A semiconductor photovoltaic device structure in which the junction is formed between a p-type layer and an n-type layer.
zin: Zinfandel wine.
PLM: Initialism of product life-cycle management.
PLM: Initialism of product launch manager.
PLM: Initialism of periodic limb movement.
alk: Archaic spelling of auk.
alk: Abbreviation of alkali.
alk: Abbreviation of alkaline.
cuz: cousin (usually as a term of address, but not necessarily towards one's cousin)
tmg: Trimethylgallium, the most preferred metalorganic source of Gallium used in MOCVD of compound semiconductors for opto-electronics applications.
tmg: trimethylglycine
BoM: Initialism of bill of materials.
ZFC: Initialism of Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory with Choice; the standard axiomatization of set theory, including the axiom of choice.
ZFC: Initialism of zero-field cooling; the act of cooling with no magnetic field applied
TAF: Terminal Aerodrome Forecast: a specially encoded weather forecast for a terminal aerodrome
TAF: Initialism of TBP-associated factor.
hao: A former currency unit of Vietnam, worth one tenth of a dong.
URA: Initialism of undergraduate research assistant.
CIP: Initialism of common isochronous packet.
CIP: Initialism of congenital insensitivity to pain.
CIP: Initialism of carriage and insurance paid to.
MSM: Initialism of methylsulfonylmethane.
MSM: Initialism of mainstream media.
MSM: Initialism of men who have sex with men.
MSM: Synonym of M4M; Initialism of men seeking men/males seeking males.
MSM: Initialism of mechanically separated meat.
OOP: Initialism of object-oriented programming.
OOP: Initialism of order of play (“the schedule of contests in a tennis event”).
OOP: Initialism of original original poster (“the poster of quoted material”).
IRQ: Initialism of interrupt request.
BLA: Initialism of biological licence application.
GCI: Initialism of ground-controlled interception.
WFC: Wells Fargo
KFT: Kraft Foods
ATA: Advanced Technology Attachment; a computer bus technology primarily designed for transfer of data to and from a hard disk. (Renamed PATA when SATA came into existence to more clearly distinguish the two.)
ATA: Initialism of anti-transglutaminerase antibody.
ba': Alternative form of ba (“medieval football game played in Scotland”)
sho: A Japanese free reed musical instrument similar to the sheng.
sho: A letter of the Greek alphabet used to write the Bactrian language: uppercase Ϸ, lowercase ϸ.
GBE: Initialism of knight grand cross of the order of the British Empire (a British order of chivalry)
XYZ: The color space of the tristimulus values X, Y, and Z.
XYZ: A generic placeholder representing a specific name or thing.
XYZ: Describing a URL scheme for providing map tiles, where X and Y refer to coordinates, while Z refers to zoom level.
obb: Abbreviation of obbligato.
kuf: Alternative spelling of qoph
fam: Clipping of family.
fam: Clipping of familiarization.
fam: A term of endearment between friends; derived from "family" but not used between relatives.
UDF: Initialism of Universal Disk Format.
UDF: Initialism of user-defined function.
UDF: Abbreviation of unducted fan.
pua: A scraper or stick used to play a guiro.
yeo: Alternative form of ea
yeo: Alternative form of yowe
Fyn: A molecule, present in the signalling pathway of integrins, activating ras.
WTQ: Abbreviation of wheel torque. (torque measured at wheel)
yid: Alternative letter-case form of Yid
FSB: Initialism of front-side bus.
zhu: An ancient Chinese unit of weight, notionally equivalent to 100 millet seeds or 1/24 of the liang/tael/Chinese ounce, chiefly used in denominating small coins in ancient and early imperial China.
zhu: An ancient Chinese string instrument thought to have had a rectangular zither-like body with silk strings played with a bow.
gei: Alternative form of gi (“martial arts uniform”)
PLP: Abbreviation of pyridoxal phosphate.
HIP: Acronym of Home Information Pack.
HIP: Acronym of Higher Intermediate Point.
HIP: Acronym of historically informed performance.
mao: The ma'oma'o, Gymnomyza samoensis, a large passerine bird native to Samoa.
TTC: Initialism of triphenyl tetrazolium chloride.
xun: A globular vessel flute made of clay or ceramic originating from China.
FSH: Initialism of follicle stimulating hormone.
hua: Alternative form of hooer
lun: Alternative form of lown
qin: Any of several traditional Chinese musical instruments, most commonly the seven-stringed instrument more specifically called the guqin.
dao: Any of various traditional Chinese swords with a curved, single-edged blade, primarily used for slashing and chopping.
dao: Synonym of circuit: various administrative divisions of imperial and early Republican China.
dao: Alternative form of dah (“Burmese knife or sword”)
dao: A sword and construction tool of the Naga people of India, which has a wooden hilt and grows wider from the narrow hilt to the wide, flat tip.
dao: Dracontomelon dao; a large tree of the family Anacardiaceae; the argus pheasant tree.
dao: The hard strong wood of the dao used for veneers and cabinetwork.
yue: An ancient Chinese unit of volume, notionally equivalent to the space occupied by 1200 millet seeds.
yue: An ancient Chinese wind instrument thought to have been a long piece of bamboo with holes drilled in
cun: A traditional Chinese unit of length, originally the width of a person's thumb at the knuckle.
nai: barber.
nai: A Romanian diatonic pan flute used since the 17th century.
bao: Any of various types of steamed bread or bun used in Chinese cuisine
bao: A sandwich or stuffed bun made with this bread
bao: A mancala board game played in East Africa.
ked: Any of the family Hippoboscidae of obligate parasites, especially the sheep ked, Melophagus ovinus.
ney: A type of endblown flute.
BSP: Initialism of British Standard Pipe.
BSP: Initialism of bank settlement plan, a reporting system used by travel companies to pay airlines.
BSP: Initialism of binary space partitioning.
BSP: Initialism of board support package (“device driver”).
BSP: Initialism of blatant self-promotion.
PCL: Initialism of polycaprolactone.
PDS: Initialism of polydioxanone.
PDS: Initialism of pet-directed speech.
EFM: Initialism of enterprise feedback management.
POM: Initialism of polyoxometalate.
POM: Initialism of Project Object Model.
POM: Initialism of Prescription-Only Medication.
POM: Initialism of polyoxymethylene.
POM: Initialism of pivaloyloxymethyl.
BEM: Initialism of British Empire Medal.
BEM: Initialism of block, element, modifier, a convention for authoring CSS.
BEM: A stock character in science fiction; a grotesque creature, often an extraterrestrial, that menaces the protagonists.
jin: Alternative spelling of jinn
jin: A portion of dead wood on a branch or at the top of the trunk of a bonsai tree, whether formed naturally or deliberately to suggest age and hardship.
QVL: Initialism of qualified vendor list.
OAS: Initialism of oral allergy syndrome.
OAS: Initialism of original antigenic sin.
MEB: Initialism of muscle-eye-brain disease.
MEB: Initialism of marine expeditionary brigade.
jiu: Any Chinese alcoholic beverage
BZP: Abbreviation of benzylpiperazine.
ppt: Initialism of part per trillion.
seg: A man; warrior; hero.
seg: A man; fellow.
seg: A castrated farm animal.
seg: Segregation
seg: A metal stud or plate fixed to the sole or heel of a shoe to prevent excessive wear.
seg: A callus, an area of hardened skin.
seg: Sedge
seg: Gladen, or other species of Iris
seg: Clipping of segment.
NOx: Any of the various nitrogen oxides produced during combustion.
NOx: Alternative form of nox
FLC: Initialism of full load container.
FLC: Initialism of Front Load Container.
FLC: Initialism of fighting load carrier.
KCB: Initialism of Knight Commander, part of the Order of the Bath.
pah: Dated form of pa (Maori fort).
XXL: Initialism of extra extra large (the manufactured size or an item of that size).
XXS: Initialism of extra extra small (the manufactured size or an item of that size).
Eli: A student at Yale University.
180: An instance of spinning 180 degrees, so that one is facing in the opposite direction.
180: The exact opposite.
180: A complete change of direction or opinion.
720: The act of spinning 720 degrees in the air, doing two complete turns.
PLU: Initialism of people like us.
PLU: Initialism of price lookup.
QPP: Initialism of Quebec Provincial Police (Sûreté du Québec); the police force of the Canadian province of Quebec..
QPP: Initialism of Quebec Pension Plan.
QPP: Initialism of queerplatonic partner/partnership.
OPP: Initialism of other people's problems.
MFH: Initialism of master of fox-hunting.
MFH: Initialism of master of fox hounds.
tiz: Alternative form of tizz
CPI: Initialism of Consumer Price Index.
CPI: Initialism of crash position indicator (“a deployable type of Emergency Locator Transmitter”).
CPI: Initialism of cost per install (“pricing model for mobile app campaigns”).
RCS: Initialism of revision control system.
RCS: Initialism of reaction control system.
RCS: Initialism of radar cross section.
C/N: Initialism of credit note.
C/N: construction number (aircraft construction).
PFK: Abbreviation of phosphofructokinase.
CVI: Initialism of chronic venous insufficiency.
GSV: Initialism of great saphenous vein.
FOD: Initialism of foreign object debris.
Tet: An ancient Egyptian symbol of the god Osiris, in form a small pillar with a number of flat sections towards the top.
CVP: Initialism of central venous pressure.
CVC: Initialism of central venous catheter.
CVC: Initialism of compact video cassette.
CVC: Initialism of card verification code.
CSF: Initialism of cerebrospinal fluid.
CSF: Initialism of classical swine fever, caused by Pestivirus C (CSFV)
CSF: Initialism of critical success factor.
CSF: Initialism of colony-stimulating factor.
pho: A Vietnamese soup with a beef base, typically served with rice noodles and beef or chicken.
pul: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of an Afghan afghani.
ORF: Initialism of open reading frame.
nau: Synonym of carrack
FRP: Initialism of fibre/fiber-reinforced plastic/polymer.
FRP: Initialism of fibre/fiber-reinforced plastic/polymer.
FRP: Initialism of fibreglass/fiberglass-reinforced plastic/polymer.
FRP: Initialism of fire retardant polyester.
FRP: Initialism of fair and remunerative price.
FRP: Initialism of fantasy role-playing.
FRP: Initialism of functional reactive programming.
ade: A drink made from a fruit, especially a fizzy one.
mim: Alternative form of meem (“Arabic letter”).
FBO: Initialism of fixed base operator, an aircraft service center at an airport.
JCB: An earthmoving machine made by the J. C. Bamford (JCB) company.
JCB: any backhoe/endloader combination, or similar machinery.
avi: An avatar displayed by a user's profile on a social networking site.
NDP: Initialism of net domestic product.
NDP: Initialism of neutron depth profiling.
NDP: Initialism of Norrie disease protein.
xen: xenharmony
ASR: Initialism of Air Sea Rescue.
ASR: Initialism of automatic/automated speech recognition.
ASR: Initialism of automatic system recovery.
ASR: Initialism of antislip regulation.
GMO: Initialism of genetically modified organism.
TKO: Initialism of technical knockout.
RPN: Initialism of reverse Polish notation.
LSA: Initialism of lysergic acid amide.
LSA: Initialism of light sport aircraft.
LSA: Initialism of latent semantic analysis.
EPC: Initialism of engineering, procurement, and construction.
EPC: Initialism of electron-phonon coupling.
EPC: Initialism of energy performance certificate.
Aga: Alternative letter-case form of AGA (an AGA cooker).
ONU: Initialism of optical network unit.
nye: A brood or flock of pheasants.
zen: Synonym of enlightenment, particularly the kind acquired through Zen meditation.
zen: An approach to instruction, understanding, or an activity similarly emphasizing simplicity and intuition rather than conventional thinking or fixation on goals.
Mya: Abbreviation of million years ago.
KPP: Initialism of key performance parameter.
Rus: A person from Rus.
GRP: Initialism of glass-reinforced plastic.
LQG: Abbreviation of loop quantum gravity.
LQG: Initialism of large quasar group.
QAM: Initialism of quality assurance management.
QAM: Initialism of quality assurance manager.
QAM: Initialism of quality assurance manual.
QAM: Initialism of quadrature amplitude modulation.
DWV: Initialism of deformed wing virus.
DWV: Initialism of drain-waste-vent.
PIT: Initialism of personal income tax.
PIT: Initialism of programmable interval timer.
PIT: Initialism of precision immobilization technique.: a method for ending car chases by causing a controlled collision, forcing the pursued car into a spin.
PIT: Initialism of pursuit intervention technique.: the same method for ending car chases.
PIT: Initialism of parallel immobilization technique.: the same method for ending car chases.
amb: The outline of a spore or pollen grain, as seen in a polar view.
CFS: Initialism of chronic fatigue syndrome.
CFS: Initialism of Canada Flight Supplement (a pilot's guide to aerodromes, air control zones, and airways in Canadian airspace and Canadian air traffic control zones).
DAG: Initialism of deputy attorney general.
DAG: Initialism of directed acyclic graph.
DAG: Initialism of Defense Acquisition Guide.
DAG: Initialism of diacylglycerol.
pya: A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Burmese kyat.
pya: A subdivision of currency in colonial Burma, equal to 1/4 of an anna or 1/64 of a rupee
540: The act of spinning 540 degrees in the air, making 1½ turns.
Vic: A Ford Crown Victoria automobile.
kak: A subdivision of currency, equal to one tenth of a Cambodian riel.
kak: Shit.
rud: redness; blush
rud: ruddle; red ochre
rud: Alternative form of rudd (“fish”).
TIC: Initialism of tourist information centre.
TIC: Initialism of tenancy in common.
TIC: Total invested capital.
TIC: Initialism of offence to be taken into consideration.
TIC: Initialism of translocon on inner chloroplast membrane.
EDC: Initialism of expected date of confinement.
EDC: Initialism of everyday carry.
EDC: Initialism of electronic data capture.
EDC: Initialism of endocrine disruptor chemical.
EDC: Initialism of ethylene dichloride and 2-dichloroethane.
yrs: Abbreviation of years; plural of yr
Lt.: Alternative form of Lt
kph: Initialism of kilometre(s) per hour.
kph: Initialism of keystroke(s) per hour.
DNE: Initialism of division net earnings, the net earnings for a particular business division.
wyn: Alternative spelling of wynn
ing: A meadow, especially a low meadow near a river; water meadow.
ing: The letter for the ng sound /ŋ/ in Pitman shorthand.
GMA: Initialism of greater metropolitan area.
wye: The name of the Latin-script letter Y.
wye: A Y-shaped object: a wye level, wye-connected. Especially a Y-shaped connection of three sections of road or railroad track.
wye: A warrior or fighter.
wye: A hero; a man, person.
F&M: Abbreviation of foot and mouth (foot-and-mouth disease).
w/v: weight per volume, i.e. specific weight
dod: sulk, huff
dod: lump
rhb: Alternative form of RHB
RHB: Initialism of right-handed batsman.
lhb: Alternative form of LHB
LHB: Initialism of left-handed batsman.
MOF: Initialism of metal-organic framework.
ACA: Initialism of airspace control authority.
ACA: Initialism of airspace coordination area.
ACA: Initialism of associate chartered accountant.
ACA: Initialism of anterior cerebral artery.
ACA: Initialism of anti-cardiolipin antibody.
ACA: Initialism of anti-centromere antibody.
ACA: Initialism of antigen-capture assay.
mks: Initialism of mouse, keyboard, screen.
U&O: Initialism of use and occupancy: an official authorization or permit to inhabit a building or dwelling, usually issued upon successful completion of a final building inspection after construction or renovation is complete. Also referred to as a certificate of occupancy or occupancy permit.
DEP: Initialism of delayed entry program.
DEP: Initialism of data execution prevention.
Gog: A person from north Wales.
LCA: Initialism of logic cell array.
LCA: Initialism of large commercial aircraft.
LCA: Initialism of last common ancestor.
LCA: Initialism of Leber's congenital amaurosis.
LCA: Initialism of Leucocyte common antigen.
fnc: Initialism of forum non conveniens.
fnc: Abbreviation of function.
gül: Alternative form of gul
ABD: Abbreviation of all but dissertation (“A description of the status of a doctoral student who has completed all Ph.D. degree requirements except the doctoral dissertation.”).
taw: Tawed leather.
taw: A favorite marble in the game of marbles.
taw: A line or mark from which the players begin a game of marbles.
taw: A dance partner.
taw: A favorite person; beloved, partner, spouse.
taw: The 22nd and last letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads, including Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, and Arabic.
ABR: Initialism of acrylonitrile-butadiene rubber.
ABR: Initialism of accredited buyer representative, a designation used by realtors in the United States.
fub: A plump young person or child.
suq: Alternative spelling of souq
vug: A small to medium-sized cavity inside rock that may be formed through a variety of processes.
khi: Alternative spelling of chi (uppercase Χ, lowercase χ), the 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet.
ecu: The European Currency Unit (symbol ₠), a currency used in the European Community before the euro.
kex: The dried stem of certain large herbaceous plants.
kex: A plant having such a stem; a weed, a kecksy.
kex: A dry husk or covering.
ick: Something distasteful or physically unpleasant to touch.
ick: A feeling of revulsion.
ick: Anything moaned about; a gripe.
ick: Alternative form of ich (“fish disease”)
QGP: Initialism of quark-gluon plasma.
WBE: Initialism of women's business enterprise.
WBE: Initialism of Web-based Engineering.
TRT: Initialism of testosterone replacement therapy.
IBA: Initialism of Important Bird Area.**
IBA: Initialism of incinerator bottom ash.
IBA: Initialism of indole-3-butyric acid - auxin, a plant "rooting hormone"
IBA: Initialism of ion beam analysis, an analytical technique
IBA: Initialism of Interceptor Body Armor.
ha': Abbreviation of half.
ha': hall
AEB: Initialism of automatic emergency brake or autonomous emergency brake (a device in a car that brakes/slows a car, if the system believes a crash is imminent)
AEB: Initialism of automatic emergency braking or autonomous emergency braking (a technology/methodology used in cars to prevent crashes by activating the brakes)
AEB: Abbreviation of airborne engineer battalion (a battalion of combat engineers trained to parachute into their deployment zone)
FAB: Abbreviation of frontal assessment battery.
FAB: Abbreviation of French–American–British classification.
FAB: Abbreviation of fast atom bombardment.
ASC: Initialism of altered state of consciousness.
ASC: Initialism of ambulatory surgery center.
ASC: Initialism of autism spectrum condition.
gue: A kind of fiddle or violin played on the Shetland Islands.
gue: A sharper; a rogue.
aua: Aldrichetta forsteri, a mullet of the family Mugilidae.
CPT: Initialism of charge, parity, time-reversal (in the phrase CPT symmetry)
CPT: Initialism of current procedure terminology.
CPT: Abbreviation of carpet.
CPT: Initialism of Colored People's Time.
CPT: Initialism of cost per thousand.
LSP: Initialism of language for specific purposes.
LSP: Initialism of lightest supersymmetric particle/partner.
LSP: Initialism of Liskov substitution principle, one of the SOLID programming principles.
LSP: Initialism of Language Server Protocol.
vic: A victim of a homicide.
ped: A pedestrian.
ped: A pedestal.
ped: A motorcycle.
ped: A pedophile.
ped: A basket; a hamper; a pannier.
ped: An aggregate of soil particles that forms a structural unit in soil.
COX: Acronym of cyclooxygenase.
AZT: Abbreviation of azidothymidine.
CBN: Abbreviation of cannabinol.
omi: A man.
voe: A narrow sea inlet, particularly in the Shetland Islands, similar to a fjord.
jaz: Dated form of jazz. (musical style)
tye: Obsolete form of tie.
tye: A chain or rope, one end of which passes through the mast, and is made fast to the center of a yard; the other end is attached to a tackle, by means of which the yard is hoisted or lowered.
tye: A trough for washing ores.
tye: A patch of common land, often a village green.
PHN: Initialism of post-herpetic neuralgia.
ISM: Abbreviation of Imperial Service Medal.
ISM: Abbreviation of interstellar medium.
ISM: Initialism of industrial scientific medical.
RCP: Initialism of reinforced concrete pipe.
RCP: Initialism of rich client platform.
HSE: Initialism of health, safety, environment.
HSE: Initialism of high school equivalency.
HSE: Initialism of human systems engineering.
HSE: Initialism of herpes simplex encephalitis.
LRC: Initialism of longitudinal redundancy check.
UDA: Initialism of urticaria-deafness-amyloidosis syndrome.
SMC: Initialism of seasonal malaria chemoprevention.
SMC: Initialism of smooth muscle cell.
SMC: Initialism of structural maintenance of chromosomes.
SMC: Initialism of sliding mode control.
SMC: Initialism of sheet molding compound (a compound used to create sheet mold composites, containing glass fibre reinforced polyester)
SMC: Initialism of sheet mould composite (a composite made from sheet moulding compound, created by compression molding)
LMC: Initialism of least material condition.
TMS: Initialism of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
TMS: Initialism of Translation Management System.
RUC: Initialism of reporting unit code.
ECC: Initialism of error correcting code.
ECC: Initialism of elliptic curve cryptography.
ECC: Initialism of export control and customs.
ECC: Initialism of emergency cardiovascular care.
ECC: Initialism of electronic camera coverage.
Lib: A member of the Liberal Party of Australia.
Lib: A member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
TTY: teletypewriter (originally), or a text display device, as used by the deaf to read voice communication converted to text by a communication assistant device (CA).
HCO: Initialism of hearing carryover., a service or device that allows speech-disabled users with hearing to listen to the person they are calling.
WFF: Alternative letter-case form of wff; well-formed formula.
Tue: Abbreviation of Tuesday.
MVK: Initialism of methyl vinyl ketonel.
HBA: Abbreviation of health-and-beauty aid.
HBA: Initialism of honour-based abuse.
LGV: Initialism of lymphogranuloma venereum.
LGV: Initialism of Large goods vehicle.
PED: Initialism of platform edge door.
PED: Initialism of porcine epidemic diarrhoea.
PED: Initialism of personal electronic device, usually an electronic smartphone or other media or game-playing device.
PED: Initialism of performance-enhancing drug.
PED: Initialism of parole eligibility date.
dso: Alternative spelling of dzo
ETS: Initialism of emissions trading scheme.
ETS: Initialism of environmental tobacco smoke.
ETS: Initialism of end of term of service or expiration of term of service.
ETS: Initialism of estimated time of separation.
awm: Alternative form of aam
NPK: Nitrogen, Phosphorus, Potassium (or Potash)
BCF: Initialism of bromochlorodifluoromethane.
MRP: Initialism of machine-readable passport.
MRP: Initialism of mature roleplay.
MRP: Manufacturer's recommended price.
MRP: The educational degree Master in Regional Planning.
MRP: Manufacturing Resource Planning.
WUI: Initialism of wildland-urban interface.
RSV: Initialism of Revised Standard Version (a version of the Bible translated into English).
RSV: Initialism of respiratory syncytial virus.
ANI: Initialism of automatic number identification.
dép: Depanneur.
PKK: Initialism of player killer killer.
DEW: Acronym of distant early warning.
WBC: Initialism of white blood cell.
huc: Acronym of hydrologic unit code.
Kgs: Abbreviation of kilograms. plural of Kg (“kilogramme”) Nonstandard form of kg (“kilogram”).
TCR: Abbreviation of technical certification requirement.: a test case that must pass before software can be certified as compliant to a given standard.
TCR: Abbreviation of tariff comparison rate.
TCR: Abbreviation of touring car racing.
TCR: Initialism of temperature coefficient of resistance.
XSS: Initialism of cross-site scripting.
dex: An order or factor of ten.
dex: Dexterity.
dex: Dextromethorphan.
dex: Dexamethasone.
dex: Dextroamphetamine/dexedrine.
VPL: Initialism of visible panty line.
VPL: Initialism of visible penis line.
VPL: Initialism of visual programming language.
VPL: Initialism of ventral posterolateral nucleus.
kpm: Initialism of key per minute.
opo: The calabash or bottle gourd.
LLM: Alternative form of LL.M. (“Master of Laws”)
LLM: Initialism of large language model.
LLM: Initialism of logic learning machine.
LLM: Initialism of local linear model.
WBN: Initialism of whole blood number.
MOA: Initialism of minute of angle.
MOA: Initialism of military operations area.
MOA: Initialism of memorandum of agreement (NATO AAP-15)
MOA: Initialism of mission-oriented approach (NATO AAP-15)
MOA: Initialism of mechanism of action.
AAW: Initialism of anti-air warfare.
yok: Alternative form of yock
yok: A non-Jew; a Gentile.
NOT: A unary operation on logical values that changes true to false, and false to true.
arp: An arpeggiator.
arp: An arpeggio.
ECD: Initialism of electron capture detector.
ECD: Initialism of expanded-criteria donor.
opp: An opponent; an enemy; the opposition
opp: Abbreviation of opportunity.
MLT: Initialism of multi-link trunking.
MLT: Initialism of Metropolis light transport.
MLT: Initialism of mesosphere and lower thermosphere.
fak: Alternative form of fuck
suh: Pronunciation spelling of sir.
ITT: Initialism of individual time trial.
ESB: Initialism of extra special bitter.
ESB: Initialism of enterprise service bus.
HOS: Initialism of hall of shame.
HOS: Initialism of head of state.
HOS: Initialism of hours of service.
HOS: Initialism of Holt-Oram syndrome.
HOS: Initialism of higher-order statistics.
HOS: Initialism of Health Online Service.
HOS: Initialism of Health Organization Studies.
PWA: Initialism of partial-wave analysis.
PWA: Initialism of piecewise affine.
PWA: Initialism of printed wire assembly.
PWA: Initialism of progressive web application.
PWA: Initialism of person with AIDS.
cit: Clipping of citizen: a citizen; a city dweller, a townsman.
cit: Clipping of citation.
PRP: Initialism of psychological refractory period.
PRP: Initialism of platelet-rich plasma.
Liv: A member of the Livonian people.
LLP: Initialism of limited liability partnership.
LLP: Initialism of laser light plane.
LLP: Abbreviation of long lap penalty.
sc.: Abbreviation of scene.
sc.: Abbreviation of scruple (“unit of measure”).
AIT: Initialism of alloimmune thrombocytopenia: a too-low number of platelets in the blood, especially of a newborn or fetus, due to alloimmunity.
AIT: Initialism of allergen immunotherapy.
AIT: Initialism of auditory integration training.
IFR: Initialism of instrument flight rules, a set of rules for a pilot flying on instruments, primarily as a means of navigating through inclement weather.
IFR: Initialism of infection fatality rate.
ex.: Abbreviation of exercise.
ex.: Abbreviation of example.
vb.: Alternative form of vb (verb)
MEN: Acronym of multiple endocrine neoplasia.
NHE: Initialism of normal hydrogen electrode.
SHE: Initialism of standard hydrogen electrode.
SHE: Initialism of superheavy element.
pct: Abbreviation of percent.
B/U: Abbreviation of back-up.
SBD: Initialism of silent but deadly (fart): inaudible but extremely odorous flatulence.
AOI: Initialism of area of interest.
AOI: Initialism of automatic optical inspection: a machine used to find faulty component placement in a manufacturing system.
Q&A: Alternative spelling of Q and A
DCA: Initialism of district court of appeal/appeals, in various jurisdictions.
DCA: Initialism of dichloroacetic acid.
DCA: Initialism of dollar cost averaging.
DCA: Initialism of dual-capable aircraft, aircraft that can be used with nuclear or conventional weapons.
std: Abbreviation of standard.
std: Abbreviation of standard deviation.
147: The highest score possible in one visit to the table in snooker.
arr: Abbreviation of arrival.
arr: Abbreviation of arrondissement.
arr: Alternative form of ar; the name of the Latin-script letter R.
OTR: Initialism of old-time radio.
OTR: Initialism of one-touch recording.
BOE: Initialism of basis of estimate.
BOE: Initialism of buffered oxide etch, a mixture of ammonia and hydrofluoric acid used to isotropically etch silicon oxide in microfabrication
BOE: Initialism of board of education.
BOE: Initialism of barrel of oil equivalent. (a unit of energy)
reh: The Arabic letter ر.
reh: A saline efflorescence that comes to the surface on the usar plains of northern India, particularly in Uttar Pradesh.
puy: Any of several cone-shaped hills in the Auvergne, France that are the remains of extinct volcanos
puy: Any similar conical structure of volcanic material
QPM: Initialism of Queen's Police Medal.
PIL: A leaflet inserted in a package of medicine, providing information about the drug for the patient.
PIL: Initialism of private international law.
TAN: Initialism of total acid number, the measure of a lubricant's or crude oil's acidity. See Total acid number on Wikipedia.
TAN: Initialism of transaction authentication number, in electronic banking. See Transaction authentication number on Wikipedia.
LOS: Initialism of level of service.
LOS: Initialism of line of sight.
LOS: Initialism of loss of signal.
LOS: Initialism of Law of the Sea.
LOS: Initialism of line of supply.
LOS: Initialism of large offspring syndrome.
hea: Alternative spelling of hea'
kes: Alternative form of kesh
kes: The kestrel.
tex: A milligram per meter, a unit of linear mass density for thread or fiber.
kra: The letter Κʻ or ĸ, formerly used to write the Kalaallisut language of Greenland, replaced in 1973 by the letter q.
kra: A long-tailed macaque of India and Sumatra, reddish-olive in colour with black spots and tail.
BBW: Initialism of big beautiful woman: used as a positive description for women who are overweight and physically attractive
BBW: Initialism of big beautiful woman: used as a positive description for women who are overweight and physically attractive
BBW: Initialism of big-boned woman: recoinage of the acronym, making fun of the typical term for overweight women.
BBW: Initialism of Big Bad Wolf
BBW: Initialism of brake-by-wire.
PMB: Initialism of polymer-modified binder.
PMB: Initialism of polymer-modified bitumen.
PMB: Abbreviation of private mailbox. (a mailbox like a PO box but from a private company)
PWD: Initialism of public works department.
PWD: Initialism of Portuguese Water Dog.
PWD: Initialism of person with disability.
IBD: Initialism of inflammatory bowel disease.
RFA: Initialism of restricted free agent.
RFA: Initialism of request for application.
LDC: Initialism of least developed countries.
LDC: Initialism of Less developed country.
777: A Boeing 777, a widebody twinjet used for commercial airlines.
900: The act of spinning 900 degrees in the air, doing two and a half complete turns.
id.: Acronym of identity document.
id.: Abbreviation of identification.
id.: Abbreviation of identifier.
CGD: Initialism of chronic granulomatous disease.
sug: sugar; sweetheart (as a term of endearment)
HRM: Initialism of Human resource management.
HRM: Initialism of hotel and restaurant management.
ogi: A fermented cereal porridge from West Africa, typically made from maize, sorghum, or millet.
CHH: Initialism of cartilage-hair hypoplasia.
CHP: Initialism of combined heat(ing) and power generation (“cogeneration”).
HID: Initialism of human interface device.
HID: Abbreviation of human-implantable device.
NLE: Initialism of Newfoundland and Labrador English.
NLE: Initialism of nonlinear equation.
NLE: Initialism of nonlinear editing.
NLE: Initialism of nonlinear editor.
GRO: Initialism of guest relation officer.
GRO: Initialism of grassroots organization.
SIN: Initialism of social insurance number, an identification number issued by the government of Canada.
So.: Abbreviation of south.
MCT: Initialism of medium-chain triglyceride.
MCT: Initialism of maximum continuous thrust.
MCT: Initialism of minimum connecting time.
MCT: Initialism of monocrotaline.
MCT: Initialism of multi-clutch transmission.
plz: Abbreviation of plaza.
FAN: Initialism of file area network.
FAN: Initialism of free amino nitrogen, amino acids available for yeast metabolism.
mi.: Abbreviation of mile.
SPM: Initialism of scanning probe microscopy.
SPM: Initialism of scanning probe microscope.
SPM: Initialism of suspended particulate matter.
SPM: Initialism of supplemental poverty measure.
SPM: Initialism of subpostmaster.
SPM: Initialism of Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia. (Malaysian Certificate of Education, certificate for secondary school students in Malaysia)
COM: Initialism of centre of mass.
COM: Initialism of centre of momentum.
bau: Alternative form of bao: Any of various types of steamed bread used in Chinese cuisine
KFS: Initialism of key factors for success.
KFS: Initialism of knife, fork and spoon.
IVC: Initialism of inferior vena cava.
IVC: Initialism of intravaginal culture.
IVC: Initialism of individually ventilated cage.
M&A: Initialism of mergers and acquisitions.
M&A: Initialism of marketing and advertising.
M&A: Initialism of management and analysis.
fod: forehead, particularly a large one
A/S: Maintenance service provided after the sale of a product
OPA: Abbreviation of optionally piloted aircraft.
PWP: Initialism of pulmonary wedge pressure.
PWP: Initialism of porn without plot. A piece of erotic fanfiction with little regard to characterization or plot. (also "Plot? What plot?")
PWP: Abbreviation of password protection.
BNS: Initialism of Belgium Naval Ship (“A NATO designation for ships of the Belgian Naval Component”).
BNS: Initialism of Bangladesh Naval Ship (“A designation for ships in the Bangladesh Navy”).
MOB: Initialism of mother of the bride.
ICA: Initialism of image compression artifact.
ICA: Initialism of internal carotid artery.
PWC: Initialism of personal water craft.
OEV: Initialism of open-eye visual: a psychoactive effect seen with the eyes open.
DEM: Initialism of digital elevation model.
DEM: Initialism of diethyl malonate.
DEM: Initialism of digital experience monitoring.
PND: personal navigation device; a portable electrical product to navigate the user
PND: Post-nasal drip.
IDP: Initialism of internally displaced person.
IDP: Initialism of intrinsically disordered protein.
Cpl: Abbreviation of corporal.
MMA: Initialism of manual metal arc.
MMA: Initialism of middle meningeal artery.
MMA: Initialism of methyl methacrylate.
MMA: Initialism of monomethylaniline.
MMA: Initialism of microelectronic modular assembly.
MMA: Initialism of master murabaha agreement.
MMA: Initialism of mixed martial arts.
MMA: Initialism of mastitis–metritis–agalactia.
MMA: Initialism of mammalian meat allergy.
RDS: Initialism of respiratory distress syndrome.
RDS: Initialism of radio data system.
RDS: Initialism of rate-determining step.
RDS: Initialism of relational database service.
RDS: Initialism of respondent-driven sampling.
DCS: Initialism of distributed control system.
DCS: Initialism of detective chief superintendent, a police rank used in Commonwealth countries.
DCS: Initialism of decompression sickness.
THG: Abbreviation of tetrahydrogestrinone.
wuv: Alternative form of love
BFF: Initialism of best friend forever.
BFF: Initialism of backend for frontend.
AGM: Initialism of annual general meeting.
AGM: Abbreviation of air-to-ground missile.
AGM: Initialism of absorbent glass mat.
FCE: Initialism of First Certificate in English, an ESOL qualification awarded by Cambridge University
S/N: signal-to-noise ratio
S/N: signal-to-noise
S/N: Initialism of serial number.
SNR: signal-to-noise ratio
SNR: supernova remnant
SNR: Initialism of Single Number Rating, a measure of the efficacy of hearing protection
BRD: Initialism of bovine respiratory disease.
LBJ: Initialism of little brown job.
CRP: Initialism of C-reactive protein.
CRP: Initialism of composite reuse principle.
CRP: Initialism of critical rendering path.
yd.: Abbreviation of yard (“unit of length”).
RNG: Initialism of random number generator.
RNG: Initialism of renewable natural gas.
RNG: Initialism of Random Number God.
RNG: Randomness, variability, or luck produced by a random number generator.
FCT: Initialism of Facilitated Communication Training.
FCT: Initialism of flight control technology.
añu: A crop grown in the Andes (Tropaeolum tuberosum).
kew: The name of the Latin-script letter Q.
fav: Alternative spelling of fave
ANS: Initialism of autonomic nervous system.
STB: Initialism of straight to base.
STB: Initialism of set top box - a video signal converter for televisions
ODC: Initialism of ordinary decent criminal. (a prisoner not associated with terrorism)
ELA: Initialism of enterprise licensing agreement.
ELA: Initialism of English language arts.
TPC: Initialism of Transmit Power Control.
TPC: Initialism of Technology Performance Certificate.
TPC: Initialism of Tournament Players Club.
TPC: Initialism of Total Plate Count.
DRF: Development Request Form.
DRF: Datum Reference Frame
RTG: Initialism of radioisotope thermoelectric generator (a device that generates electricity from the natural decay of radioactive material).
RTG: Abbreviation of radiotelegraph.
RTG: Initialism of renal threshold of glucose (a factor in the medical condition of glycosuria).
RTG: Initialism of regular tree grammar (a mathematical formal grammar).
RTG: Initialism of research task group (an R&D administrative entity within NATO).
E&O: Errors and omissions insurance.
D&O: Abbreviation of directors and officers.
TIN: Initialism of taxpayer identification number.
TTT: Initialism of teacher talking time: the amount of time a teacher talks during a class.
TTT: Initialism of team time trial.
KVM: Initialism of keyboard-video-mouse: a device allowing these input and output devices to be swapped between a series of server consoles, especially in a rack configuration.
KVM: Initialism of kilobyte virtual machine: a virtual machine derived from the Java virtual machine specification, written for small devices with limited memory.
KVM: Initialism of kernel-based virtual machine: a virtualization infrastructure for the Linux kernel that turns it into a hypervisor.
ELF: Acronym of Executable and Linking Format (a common object file format for Unix)
ELF: Initialism of extremely low frequency.
ELF: Acronym of English as a Lingua Franca (English used by non-native speakers)
COL: Initialism of cost of living.
MAI: Initialism of Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection.
MAI: Initialism of machine augmented intelligence.
UPI: Initialism of user profile information.
bip: Synonym of spliff
bip: Abbreviation of basis point.
vio: A ripoff
CON: Initialism of Certificate of Need.
CON: Initialism of constitution point.
oke: Alternative form of oka.
oke: Man; guy; bloke.
oke: Obsolete spelling of oak
asm: Pseudo-acronym of assignment.
DAN: Acronym of deadenylating nuclease, a protein that binds the 5' cap of mRNA and begins degradation in the 3' to 5' direction.
DAN: Acronym of Dynamic Albedo of Neutrons. (It is a scientific instrument of the Mars Science Laboratory onboard the Curiosity rover at Mars.)
419: A 419 fraud; any of the various advance-fee frauds in which the scammer solicits up front payments promising large sums of money.
GHQ: Initialism of general headquarters.
GHQ: Initialism of general health questionnaire.
GRC: Initialism of gender recognition certificate.
GRC: Initialism of group representation constituency.
phy: The drug physeptone.
AEV: armored engineering vehicle
AEV: article of extraordinary value; any transported item with a value exceeding 100 USD per imperial pound.
AMR: Initialism of antimicrobial resistance.
AMR: Initialism of antibody-mediated rejection.
AML: Initialism of acute myeloid leukemia.
AML: Initialism of acute myeloblastic leukemia.
AML: Initialism of acute myelogenous leukemia.
AML: Initialism of anti-money laundering.
Thr: Abbreviation of thrombin.
Thr: Abbreviation of threonine.
Gly: Abbreviation of gigalightyear.; a unit of a billion lightyears
HLB: Abbreviation of huanglongbing.
HLB: A homosexual, lesbian, or bisexual person.
PUF: Initialism of physical unclonable function.
NAO: Initialism of North Atlantic oscillation
TGA: Initialism of thermogravimetric analysis.
XRF: Initialism of X-ray fluorescence.
XPS: Initialism of extruded polystyrene (“plastic foam”).
XPS: Initialism of transmit packet steering (a scaling technique for network traffic processing)
XPS: Initialism of X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy.
XPS: Initialism of X-ray photoelectron spectroscope.
CAN: ceric ammonium nitrate
CAN: Abbreviation of controller area network.
CAN: Initialism of campus area network.
CAN: Acronym of community action network.
CAN: Initialism of consistent and asymptotically normal, a statistic estimator Tₙ(X₁, X₂, ..., Xₙ) is CAN (consistent and asymptotically normal) if ....
CAN: Acronym of court attendance notice.
gay: A homosexual, especially a male homosexual.
gay: Something which is bright or colorful, such as a picture or a flower.
gay: An ornament, a knick-knack.
gay: The letter —, which stands for the sound /ɡ/, in Pitman shorthand.
sk8: Alternative spelling of skate
gis: Alternative spelling of jizz
RTT: Initialism of round-trip time.
RTT: Initialism of render-to-texture.
GCS: Initialism of Glasgow Coma Scale, a system used by medical workers to score the severity of a patient being transported by ambulance on a number scale.
GCS: Initialism of gender confirmation surgery.
ATC: Initialism of approval to connect.
ATC: Initialism of air traffic control.
ATC: Initialism of air traffic controller.
ATC: Initialism of automatic train control.
PSU: Initialism of power supply unit.
PSU: Initialism of payment service user.
PSU: Alternative letter-case form of psu (“practical salinity unit”)
plc: Initialism of public limited company.
plc: Initialism of programmable logic controller.
FIM: Initialism of flight interruption manifest.
MDF: Initialism of medium-density fibreboard.
AIO: Initialism of all-in-one.
AIO: Initialism of asynchronous I/O.
HEU: Initialism of highly-enriched uranium.
LEU: Initialism of low-enriched uranium.
LEU: Initialism of Lineside Electronics Unit.
SEU: Initialism of slightly-enriched uranium.
SEU: Initialism of single-event upset (a transient soft error/glitch caused by ionizing radiation impacting a chip).
FLE: French as a foreign language; French language for foreign language education
FLE: Abbreviation of frontal lobe epilepsy.
FLE: Initialism of Finland, Latvia/Lithuania, Estonia.; FLE time zone; Synonym of EET (“Eastern European time”)
TEU: twenty-foot equivalent unit - a measure used in container shipping
SSK: Initialism of Sub Surface Killer. - diesel powered ASW submarine (hunter-killer submarine)
SSG: Initialism of subsurface guided: a diesel-powered submarine carrying guided missiles.
SSG: Abbreviation of staff sergeant.
SSG: Initialism of static site generator.
CIR: Initialism of committed information rate.
mab: A slattern.
NDM: non-driving motor
DMU: Initialism of diesel multiple unit.
DMU: Initialism of decision-making unit.
fap: A session of masturbation.
MIS: Initialism of management information system.
MIS: Initialism of medium invert sugar.
MIS: Initialism of minimally invasive surgery.
MIS: Initialism of mortgage interest statement.
FOL: Initialism of first-order logic.
fat: A specialized animal tissue with high lipid content, used for long-term storage of energy: fat tissue.
fat: A specialized animal tissue with high lipid content, used for long-term storage of energy: fat tissue.
fat: Such tissue as food: the fatty portion of (or trimmings from) meat cuts.
fat: A lipid that is solid at room temperature, which fat tissue contains and which is also found in the blood circulation; sometimes, a refined substance chemically resembling such naturally occurring lipids.
fat: That part of an organization deemed wasteful.
fat: An erection.
fat: A poorly played shot where the ball is struck by the top part of the club head. (see also thin, shank, toe)
fat: The best or richest productions; the best part.
fat: Work containing much blank, or its equivalent, and therefore profitable to the compositor.
fat: A fat person.
fat: A beef cattle fattened for sale.
fat: A large tub or vessel for water, wine, or other liquids; a cistern.
fat: A dry measure, generally equal to nine bushels.
MTP: Initialism of medial tibial plateau.
MTP: Initialism of metatarsophalangeal joint.
MTP: Initialism of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein.
MTP: Initialism of major third party.
EOT: Initialism of extraordinary optical transmission.
EOT: Initialism of end of transmission.
EOT: Initialism of end of topic/thread.
PIV: Abbreviation of parainfluenza virus.
PIV: Initialism of particle image velocimetry.
PIV: Initialism of peak inverse voltage.
PIV: Initialism of penis in vagina.
PIV: Initialism of penile inversion vaginoplasty.
DCI: Initialism of detective chief inspector, a police rank used in Commonwealth countries.
DCI: Initialism of decompression illness.
CIC: Combat information center, a battle coordination room aboard a warship.
CIC: Community interest company.
CIC: Initialism of critical illness cover.
XMA: Initialism of extensible management agent.
XMA: Initialism of extended memory area.
BPA: Abbreviation of bisphenol A.
MBT: Initialism of main battle tank (a type of armoured combat vehicle).
MBT: Initialism of mercaptobenzothiazole (a chemical used in the vulcanization of rubber).
MBT: Initialism of methylbutenethiol.
MBT: Initialism of model-based testing.
RFQ: Initialism of request for quotation.
RFQ: Initialism of request for qualification.
RFI: Initialism of Request for Information.
RFI: Initialism of remote file inclusion.
PEs: polyester
PLD: Initialism of Programmable logic device.
RAN: Initialism of radio access network (“the underlying physical connection method for a radio based communication network”).
GPF: Initialism of Global Peace Festival.
GPF: Initialism of general protection fault, a type of interrupt produced by IA32 CPUs.
PIC: Initialism of pilot in command.
PIC: Initialism of peripheral interface controller.
PIC: Initialism of plastic-insulated conductor.
PIC: Initialism of programmable intelligent computer.
PIC: Initialism of programmable interface controller.
PIC: Initialism of programmable interrupt controller.
PIC: Initialism of person in charge.
PIC: Initialism of prison-industrial complex.
PIC: Initialism of plan inclusive counterplan.
IJN: Imperial Japanese Navy ship, informal ship prefix used for a warship of the Imperial Japanese Navy, usually in reference to WWII.
RCI: Initialism of residual current indicator.
PLA: Initialism of programmable logic array.
PLA: Initialism of polylactic acid.
PLA: Initialism of power lever angle (“angle of the pilot's primary control lever”).
PLA: Initialism of principle of least astonishment.
NDR: Initialism of negative differential resistance.
NDR: Initialism of nondelivery report. (indicating inability to deliver email)
lew: A French gold coin circulated in 15th-century Scotland.
lew: Warmth, heat.
lew: A shelter from the wind, particularly temporary structures raised by shepherds to protect their flocks.
AFV: Initialism of armoured fighting vehicle.
AFV: Initialism of alternative fuel vehicle.
IFV: Initialism of infantry fighting vehicle.
FSW: Initialism of female sex worker.
FSW: Initialism of forward swept wing.
FSW: a forward-swept wing aircraft
ACV: Initialism of armoured combat vehicle.
ACV: Initialism of apple cider vinegar.
ACV: Initialism of air-cushion vehicle.
ACV: Initialism of all-commodity volume.
ACV: Initialism of actual cash value.
Xer: Ellipsis of Gen-Xer.; a member of Generation X.
VRE: vancomycin-resistant enterococcus
IgE: Abbreviation of immunoglobulin E.
Hab: A member of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team.
FCB: Initialism of file control block.
PMG: Initialism of Postmaster General.
TLB: Initialism of The Local Bulb.
TLB: Initialism of translation lookaside buffer.
EOL: Initialism of end of line.
EOL: Initialism of end of life: the point where hardware or software becomes obsolete or obsolescent and ceases to be supported by the maker.
EOL: Initialism of end of life: period immediately prior to dying.
a'a: Alternative form of aa
ISA: Initialism of instruction set architecture.
ISA: Initialism of Industry Standard Architecture, an early type of personal computer expansion slot bus.
ISA: Initialism of Individual Savings Account, a financial account for investment with special tax rules.
ISA: Initialism of International Standard on Auditing, one of a set of professional standards for the performance of audits of financial information issued by the IAASB.
ISA: Initialism of Intelligent speed adaptation or Intelligent Speed Assistance.
ISA: Initialism of isosaccharinic acid.
ENG: Initialism of electronic newsgathering.
VOR: Acronym of VHF omnidirectional range, a radio-navigation beacon operating on VHF radio.
VOR: Initialism of voice-on recording.
VOR: Initialism of vestibulo-ocular reflex, a reflex eye movement.
VOR: Initialism of video operation room, part of the set-up for the video assistant referee (VAR) in association football.
VOx: Abbreviation of vanadium oxides.
VOx: oxygen uptake
CNG: Initialism of compressed natural gas.
VTR: Initialism of videotape recorder.
RWA: Initialism of risk-weighted asset.
Uke: A Ukrainian.
VRT: Initialism of vehicle registration tax.
Ccf: One hundred cubic feet: used as a unit of measurement of volume.
ccf: Abbreviation of one hundred cubic feet.
CCF: One hundred cubic feet: used as a unit of measurement of volume.
CCF: Initialism of congestive cardiac failure.
CCF: Initialism of carotid-cavernous fistula.
CCF: Initialism of credit conversion factor.
PNS: Initialism of peripheral nervous system.
PNS: Initialism of peripheral nervous stimulation, the potential side effect of fast magnetic field changes during MRI procedures.
PNS: Initialism of proto-neutron star.
PNS: Initialism of Proto-Nilo-Saharan.
FAI: Abbreviation of free androgen index.
CCI: Initialism of co-channel interference.
rng: An algebraic structure satisfying the same properties as a ring, except that multiplication need not have an identity element.
DTN: Initialism of delay-tolerant networking.
kje: The name of the Cyrillic script letter Ќ&#x20;/ ќ.
cyc: Clipping of cyclorama.
CNT: Abbreviation of carbon nanotube.
PEX: cross-linked high-density polyethylene
PMO: Initialism of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
PMO: Initialism of pornography, masturbation, orgasm.
PMO: Initialism of project management office.
PMO: Provost Marshall Office
PMO: Initialism of Prime Minister's Office; The Office of the Prime Minister, composed of the prime minister and his or her top political staff.
FRL: Initialism of fixed red light.
OHP: Initialism of overhead projector.
B/L: Abbreviation of bill of lading.
B/E: Initialism of bill of exchange.
D/P: Abbreviation of documents against payment (“a trade agreement whereby shipping papers are released once the buyer has paid for the draft”).
CWO: Initialism of chief warrant officer.
CWO: Initialism of corrective work order.
SAE: Initialism of stamped addressed envelope.
SAE: Initialism of subtle act of exclusion.
jol: A party.
MFM: Initialism of maternal and fetal medicine. The specialty of medicine, a subspecialty of obstetrics, that deals with high-risk pregnancies.
MFM: Initialism of magnetic force microscopy.
MFM: Initialism of modified frequency modulation.
ICH: Initialism of intracranial hemorrhage.
ICH: Initialism of intracerebral hemorrhage.
ICH: Initialism of intracranial hematoma.
ICH: Initialism of intangible cultural heritage.
CGN: nuclear-powered guided-missile cruiser (warship)
CGN: childhood gender nonconformity
BNC: Abbreviation of bouncer.
FBS: Initialism of fetal blood sampling.
FBS: Initialism of fasting blood sugar.
FBS: Initialism of fetal bovine serum.
FBS: Initialism of forward-based system.
FBS: Initialism of father's brother's son.
HFC: Initialism of hydrofluorocarbon.
HFC: Initialism of hydrogen fuel cell.
MNA: Member of the National Assembly
EXW: Abbreviation of Ex Works.
CIF: Initialism of cost, insurance and freight.
DAF: Acronym of Delivered At Frontier.
DAF: Acronym of Delayed Auditory Feedback.
DAF: Acronym of Dictionnaire de l’Académie française.
DAF: Alternative form of daf (“dumb as fuck”)
DAF: Acronym of donor-advised fund.
DAF: Dutch Automobile Federation.
jav: Clipping of javelin.
LFA: Initialism of low-functioning autism.
HFA: Abbreviation of high-functioning autism.
HFA: Abbreviation of hydrofluoroalkane.
LEA: Initialism of law enforcement agency.
LEA: Initialism of local education authority.
PDC: Initialism of program delivery control.
DVI: Initialism of device independent file format.
VGA: Initialism of video game addiction.
L/C: Initialism of letter of credit.
pg.: Abbreviation of page.
HCI: Initialism of human-computer interaction.
HCI: Initialism of host-controller interface.
HCI: Initialism of highly charged ion.
FRA: Initialism of forward-rate agreement.
ASW: Abbreviation of antisubmarine warfare.
Vmp: Initialism of voltage at maximum power; used when analysing solar panels.
pre: Clipping of predrinks.
pre: Clipping of precum.
pre: Clipping of preparty.
ATB: Initialism of active time battle.
ATB: Abbreviation of articulated tug and barge.
BSO: Blue stellar object: a radio-quiet quasar.
BSO: British school overseas.
BSO: An abbreviation of Bike-Shaped Object, used to refer to cheaply-made, low-quality bicycles.
BSO: bright shiny object
BSO: Initialism of bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
QSS: Initialism of quasi-stellar source.
QSR: Initialism of quick-service restaurant.
QSR: Initialism of quasi-stellar radio-source.
QSR: Initialism of radioloud quasar.
QSO: Initialism of quasi-stellar object. (a quasar)
QSO: A radio-quiet quasar.
AGN: Initialism of active galactic nucleus.
QSG: Quasi-Stellar Galaxy, a quasar
LIS: Initialism of library and information science.
GOQ: Initialism of general occupational qualification.
GDC: Graphic display calculator.
LTA: Initialism of level term assurance.
LTA: Initialism of long-term abuse.
LTA: Initialism of lifetime allowance.
KPI: Initialism of kingpin inclination.
KPI: Initialism of key performance indicator.
bek: Alternative form of bey (“Turkish governor”)
nis: A nix; a hobgoblin.
ELG: emission-line galaxy
ElG: Abbreviation of elliptical galaxy.
IrG: irregular galaxy
kmc: Abbreviation of kilomegacycle.
FWK: Initialism of framework knitter.
DIG: Initialism of dwarf irregular galaxy.
RIQ: Radio-intermediate quasar.
RQQ: Initialism of RadioQuiet Quasar.
BLQ: Abbreviation of broad emission-line quasar.
DEG: Initialism of dwarf elliptical galaxy.
DEG: Initialism of diethylene glycol.
RLQ: Radio-loud quasar.
RLQ: Initialism of right lower quadrant (of the human abdomen).
NLQ: Narrow emission-line quasar.
NLQ: Near letter quality.
NLQ: Natural Language Query.
PFA: Abbreviation of paraformaldehyde.
PFA: Abbreviation of polyfluoroalkyl.
PFA: Initialism of physical fitness assessment, used to determine physical fitness standards in the United States Navy
PFA: Initialism of pulverised fuel/fly ash.
PFA: Initialism of protection from abuse (order) : a restraining order.
BIC: Initialism of Bank Identifier Code.
BIC: Initialism of Bureau International des Containers (the International Container Bureau)
EIC: Initialism of editor in chief.
bps: Initialism of bit per second, a measure of speed of digital communication.
bps: baud rate
bps: Initialism of basis point, ‱
jit: An inexperienced, foolhardy young man.
jit: term of address for a young man
jit: A nickel.
jit: A style of Zimbabwean dance music played with drums and guitar.
ctn: Abbreviation of carton.
TER: Acronym of triple ejector rack.
POD: Initialism of print on demand.
POD: Initialism of proof of delivery.
POD: Initialism of plain old data.
POD: Initialism of point of divergence.
POD: Initialism of place of death.
SDO: Initialism of scattered-disc object.
SDO: Initialism of squadron duty officer.
SDO: Initialism of social dominance orientation.
TNO: Initialism of trans-Neptunian object.
ULA: Initialism of Uncommitted Logic Array.
737: A Boeing airplane model, number seven thirty-seven, sold to airlines for passenger or cargo transportation.
GBI: Initialism of great bodily injury. This term is American criminal justice jargon.
OCC: initialism of options clearing corporation#English.
OCC: initialism of operations control center.
ack: The letter A as used in signalling and other types of communications.
ack: acknowledgment signal
DS1: See T1.
YAG: Initialism of yttrium aluminium garnet: a synthetic material used in lasers and formerly as an artificial gemstone.
SES: Initialism of sustainer engine start.
SES: Initialism of second engine start.
SES: Initialism of secondary engine start.
SES: Initialism of small Edison screw.
SES: Initialism of socioeconomic status; the economic and social position in relation to others, based on various factors such as income, occupation and education.
dba: An alias of a business entity.
dba: A business doing business under such an alias.
ASK: Initialism of amplitude shift keying.
PSK: Initialism of phase-shift keying.
PSK: Initialism of pre-shared key.
RWD: rear-wheel drive
RWD: abbreviation of rewind
EFI: Initialism of electronic fuel injection.
EFI: Initialism of Extensible Firmware Interface.
EFI: Initialism of extreme forecast index.
SRS: Initialism of supplemental restraint system or secondary restraint system (car airbags).
SRS: Initialism of sex reassignment surgery.
SRS: Initialism of simple random sample, a sample chosen from a population so that any sample of the same size could have equally likely been chosen.
SRS: Initialism of small RNA sequencing.
SRS: Initialism of software requirement specification.
SRS: Initialism of system requirement specification.
SRS: Initialism of spaced repetition software.
IDM: Initialism of intelligent design movement.
IDM: Initialism of identity management.
IDM: Initialism of intelligent dance music.
coa: A primitive hoe, a sharp wooden rod formerly used by Native Americans to till the soil.
OFM: Initialism of orthodox file manager.
ORC: Initialism of odd radio circle.
ORC: Abbreviation of organized retail crime.
ORC: origin recognition complex
NTP: Initialism of nonthermal plasma.
NTP: Abbreviation of nuclear thermal propulsion.
NTP: Initialism of normal temperature and pressure.
EXP: Initialism of experience point.
EXP: Initialism of expiry date.
MTB: Initialism of motor torpedo boat.
MTB: Initialism of mountain bike.
MTB: Initialism of mountain biking.
NPD: Initialism of narcissistic personality disorder.
NPD: Initialism of nonpayment of dues.
NPD: Initialism of new product development.
hef: Clipping of hefeweizen.
Br.: An abbreviation of Brother, a title used before either a given name or surname for an adult male, especially in a religious or fraternal context.
Br.: Abbreviation of brief.
agg: Clipping of aggregate. (the total score in a set of games between teams or competitors, usually the combination of the home and away scores)
VLJ: Initialism of very light jet.
PnP: Initialism of plug and play.
CVR: Initialism of cockpit voice recorder.
CVR: Initialism of cerebrovascular resistance.
b/d: Initialism of barrels per day.
BIG: A biological insulation garment; an air-tight, full-body suit intended to prevent the spread of contaminants.
USO: Unidentified submerged object or unidentified submarine object.
myn: Obsolete form of mine.
myn: Obsolete form of mean.
LHC: Initialism of light-harvesting complex.
cee: The name of the Latin-script letter C.
cee: Something shaped like the letter C, such as a cee spring.
fpm: Initialism of feet per minute.
fpm: Initialism of fellow management program.
gsm: Initialism of grams per square metre (unit for measuring the weight of paper)
EBM: Initialism of electronic body music.
EBM: Initialism of evidence-based medicine.
yat: A vowel letter of the Cyrillic and Glagolitic alphabet (Cyrillic capital Ѣ, Cyrillic small ѣ, Glagolitic ⱑ), no longer in current use
yat: The Late Proto-Slavic (Common Slavic) vowel that was represented by this letter, usually transcribed as /ě/. This vowel underwent various alterations in the later Slavic dialects and is no longer distinguished (except in Ijekavian).
yat: Alternative spelling of yatt (“woman”)
OIC: Initialism of officer in the case.
OIC: Initialism of officer in charge.
OIC: Initialism of overall in charge.
EUA: Initialism of emergency use authorization.
LLU: Initialism of local-loop unbundling.
dna: Alternative form of DNA
OAV: Initialism of original animation video, a direct-to-video Japanese anime.
OVA: Original video animation, a direct-to-video anime.
BGM: Initialism of background music, occasionally used with reference to Japanese media (video games, television, etc.).
exe: A Windows executable file.
AOP: Initialism of aspect-oriented programming.
AOP: Initialism of all-one polynomial.
TMA: Initialism of tense, mood, and aspect.
TMA: Initialism of trimethoxyamphetamine.
MDI: Initialism of medium-dependent interface.
MDI: Initialism of metered-dose inhaler.
MDI: Initialism of multiple document interface.
MDI: Initialism of methylene diphenyl diisocyanate.
Pte: Abbreviation of private (“soldier”).
TGP: Initialism of thumbnail gallery post, a website that links to many galleries (of e.g. pornography) and provides a thumbnail image of each.
IGF: Initialism of insulin-like growth factor.
stn: Abbreviation of station.
PrP: Abbreviation of prion protein.
VLF: Initialism of very low frequency.
SHF: Initialism of super high frequency.
PIP: Initialism of picture-in-picture.
PIP: Initialism of predicted impact point.
PIP: Initialism of performance improvement plan.
PIP: Acronym of product improvement program.
PIP: Abbreviation of peak inspiratory pressure.
EUV: Initialism of extreme ultraviolet
GFP: Initialism of green fluorescent protein.
CVD: Initialism of chemical vapor/vapour deposition.
CVD: Initialism of cardiovascular disease.
CVD: Initialism of countervailing duties.
CVD: Initialism of colour vision deficiency.
NPI: Initialism of negative polarity item: a word that requires the sentence to be negated.
NPI: Initialism of non-pharmaceutical intervention.
vip: Alternative letter-case form of VIP (“very important person”)
MMU: Initialism of memory management unit.
MMU: Initialism of manned maneuvering unit.
MMU: Initialism of methane multiple unit.
MMU: Initialism of mobile meteorological unit.
MMU: Initialism of monomethylurea.
MMU: Initialism of manned maneuvering unit.
DTV: digital television broadcast
PVR: Initialism of personal video recorder.
PVR: Initialism of peak vehicle requirement.
PVR: Initialism of peak-to-valley ratio.
SFP: Initialism of small form factor pluggable/plug-in, a kind of transceiver.
SFP: Initialism of sentence-final particle.
geo: An inlet, gully or cleft in the face of a cliff.
UCE: Initialism of unsolicited commercial email; spam.
dro: Marijuana grown hydroponically.
IEO: Initialism of informal eating out: the sector of the food industry where one can buy food without the need to book a table.
IEO: Initialism of initial exchange offering.
H&P: A report containing a patient's medical history and the results of his/her physical exam.
NPO: Initialism of nonprofit organization.
GSF: Initialism of gross square footage: the total sum of the floorspace over every level of a building.
NVM: Abbreviation of non-volatile memory.
K-9: Alternative spelling of K9.
CCS: Initialism of casualty clearing station.
CCS: Initialism of carbon capture and sequestration/storage.
CMO: Initialism of collateralized mortgage obligation.
CMO: Initialism of civil-military operations (“a military activity”).
CMO: Initialism of contract manufacturing organization.
CMO: Initialism of chief marketing officer.
CMO: Initialism of collective management organization.
WAC: A member of the Women's Army Corps.
FCN: Initialism of Friendship, Commerce, and Navigation (as in the title of an international treaty or convention)
CNA: Initialism of certified nursing assistant: an individual employed to assist a registered nurse care for a patient.
CNA: Initialism of cloud native architecture.
OPC: Abbreviation of oligomeric proanthocyanidin.
OPC: Abbreviation of oropharyngeal cancer.
OPC: Initialism of ordinary portland cement.
TIA: Initialism of transient ischemic attack.
UDG: Initialism of user-defined graphic.
UDG: Initialism of ultra diffuse galaxy.
SUP: Acronym of standup paddleboarding.
SUP: Acronym of standup paddleboard.
SUP: Acronym of selective ultraviolet phototherapy.
SUP: Acronym of single-use plastic(s).
fiz: Archaic form of fizz.
DDK: Initialism of double digit kyu.
QID: Initialism of Q-identifier, a unique identifier for an item in Wikidata.
QID: Initialism of quasi-identifier.
QID: Initialism of Qualys identifier.
AMN: Initialism of adrenomyeloneuropathy.
D5W: A five-percent (by volume) solution of dextrose, suitable for intravenous injection.
CVE: Designation utilized by the United States for an escort aircraft carrier.
CVE: Initialism of Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures.
CVE: Initialism of collaborative virtual environment.
CAI: Initialism of calcium-aluminium-rich inclusion, a type of mineral.
CAI: Initialism of carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.
CAI: Initialism of chronic ankle instability.
CAI: Initialism of cold air intake.
CAI: Initialism of computer assisted instruction.
wau: Digamma (Ϝ/ϝ).
DFT: Initialism of discrete Fourier transform.
DFT: Initialism of density functional theory.
DFT: Initialism of dry film thickness.
Hib: Haemophilus influenzae, serotype b: a particular type of bacterium responsible for pneumonia, meningitis, and other diseases.
Hib: Short for Hibernian.; Someone associated with Hibernian Football Club, as a player, coach, fan etc.
3/4: A meter of three quarter notes per measure.
2/4: A meter of two quarter notes per measure.
6/8: A meter of six eighth notes per measure, usually with secondary stress on the fourth eighth note.
4/4: A meter of four quarter notes per measure.
2/2: A meter of two half notes per measure.
CHU: Initialism of containerized housing unit, a shipping container converted to living space.
Cl.: Abbreviation of claim(s).
Cl.: Abbreviation of clarinet(s).
Cl.: Alternative form of Cl (“close (in street addresses)”)
N/S: Initialism of non-smoker.
N/S: Initialism of nuclear ship: a ship's prefix for shipnames of nuclear-powered ships.
bya: Abbreviation of billion years ago. (Preceded by a numeral.)
NDA: Initialism of non-disclosure agreement.
NNS: Initialism of non-native speaker.
NNS: Abbreviation of nonsegmented negative-strand.
KOL: Initialism of key opinion leader.
KOL: influencer, particularly on social media
HVC: Initialism of high velocity cloud.
LBV: Initialism of luminous blue variable.
HVS: Initialism of hypervelocity star.
HVS: Initialism of hyperventilation syndrome.
dEG: Initialism of dwarf elliptical galaxy.
AXP: Initialism of anomalous X-ray pulsar.
dIG: dwarf irregular galaxy
Irr: Abbreviation of irregular galaxy.
SGR: Initialism of soft gamma-ray repeater or soft gamma repeater.
SGR: Initialism of standard gauge railway.
NbE: Abbreviation of north by east.
NbW: Abbreviation of north by west.
CLN: Initialism of credit-linked note.
CDS: Initialism of credit default swap.
CDS: Initialism of child-directed speech: a simplified form of speech used by adults when talking to infants
CDS: Initialism of chief of the defence staff.
CDS: Initialism of cognitive dysfunction syndrome.
SbE: Abbreviation of south by east.
SbW: Abbreviation of south by west.
EbN: Abbreviation of east by north.
EbS: Abbreviation of east by south.
WbN: Abbreviation of west by north.
WbS: Initialism of west by south.
tif: Short for TIFF.
rav: a rabbi
rav: a teacher or spiritual guide
RTH: Initialism of right to hire.
RTH: Initialism of regular trading hours.
FST: Initialism of field sobriety test.
FST: Initialism of French subtitles.
rd.: Abbreviation of road.
CTL: Initialism of computation tree logic.
LTL: Initialism of linear temporal logic.
TCS: Initialism of traction control system: an electronic control system that prevents wheelspin to improve traction.
ESC: Initialism of electronic stability control.
ESC: Initialism of embryonic stem cell.
ESC: Initialism of electronic speed controller.
ESC: Initialism of extended static checking.
MRV: Initialism of multiple reentry vehicle: the reentry capsule for a ballistic missile's payload, typically a nuclear weapon, where the missile has multiple instances of such, but can only target one site with all reentry vehicles.
A/C: Abbreviation of account; account current.
A/C: Initialism of air conditioning.
HOV: Initialism of high-occupancy vehicle.
HOV: Initialism of high-occupancy vehicle lane.
HOV: Initialism of human-occupied vehicle.
LPC: Initialism of leaf protein concentrate.
LPC: Initialism of licensed professional counselor.
LPC: Initialism of leather personnel carrier: a soldier's boot
LPC: Initialism of life plan community.
LPC: Initialism of linear predictive coding.
PCC: Initialism of pseudo-city code (a short alpha-numeric code used to represent the location that a GDS is operated from.)
PCC: Initialism of protein-conducting channel.
PCC: Initialism of pyridinium chlorochromate.
PCC: Initialism of police and crime commissioner.
PCC: Initialism of parochial church council.
PCC: Initialism of police clearance certificate.
PCC: Initialism of Pearson correlation coefficient.
CPC: Initialism of cost per click.
CPC: Initialism of circuit protective conductor.
CPC: Initialism of cetylpyridinium chloride.
CGT: Initialism of capital gains tax.
ENA: Initialism of extractable nuclear antigen.
ABO: The most important blood type classification system for human blood transfusions.
EGD: Initialism of esophagogastroduodenoscopy.
Mts: Abbreviation of mountains.
Cl*: a cluster of stars — a star cluster
ClG: Abbreviation of galaxy cluster.
DDI: Initialism of direct dial-in.
DDI: Abbreviation of dideoxyinosine; also ddI.
MTU: Initialism of Maximum transmission unit.
IAP: Initialism of integrated access point: a series of access points built into a single device and controlled by a single, multi-channel MAC resident on an array controller.
IAP: Initialism of in-app purchase: a technology used in games and various other software that allows you to purchase virtual goods within the software.
RGY: Initialism of red, green, yellow. (laser beams)
MSI: Initialism of Medium Scale Integration.
MSI: Initialism of Microsoft Installer.
EOM: Initialism of end of message.
EOM: Initialism of end of medium.
EOM: Initialism of end of month.
KOS: Acronym of key operated switch.
KOS: Acronym of key-operated selector.
KOS: Initialism of knowledge organization system.
KOS: Initialism of knowledge organization structure.
KOS: Initialism of kernel operating system.
PNL: Alternative form of P&L (“profit and loss”)
erf: Inheritance; patrimony.
erf: Stock; cattle.
erf: A small inherited house-and-garden lot in a village or settlement.
LPA: Initialism of light personal aircraft.
LPA: Initialism of lakhs per annum.
LPA: Initialism of lasting power of attorney.
BON: Initialism of business object notation, notation for high-level object-oriented analysis.
BON: Initialism of bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaws.
BON: Initialism of bag of n-grams.
VSB: Initialism of vestigial sideband.
OTW: Initialism of overtime win.
BFI: Initialism of brute force and ignorance.
BFI: Reliance on raw computing power (rather than, for example, an efficient algorithm).
BFI: Initialism of brute force and ignorance.
BFI: The use of raw strength or power (implying a lack of subtlety or sophistication).
ELT: Initialism of emergency locator transmitter.
ELT: Initialism of euglobulin lysis time.
ELT: Initialism of English language teaching.
PLB: Initialism of personal locator beacon.
PLB: Initialism of passenger loading bridge, a synonym of jet bridge.
PIM: Acronym of personal information management.
PIM: Acronym of personal information manager: a kind of software with the functionality of a personal organizer.
PIM: Acronym of platform-independent model.
PIM: Initialism of penalties in minutes: the total number of penalties accrued by a player during a set time period (such as a career, a season, or a tournament).
zil: Alternative form of zill (kind of cymbal)
NLD: Initialism of nonverbal learning disorder.
ged: The pike or luce.
ged: A greedy person
D&C: A procedure comprising dilation of the cervix and curettage of the uterus.
D&C: Initialism of Drugs & Cosmetics.
WDS: Initialism of Wireless Distribution System.
WEP: Initialism of war emergency power.
TSR: Initialism of terminate and stay resident: a type of DOS program that can continue to run all the time, once it is loaded, even while other programs are running.
TSR: Initialism of temporary speed restriction.
svl: Initialism of snout to vent length: a measurement of size taken from the tip of an animal’s nose to the opening of the cloaca at the tail base.
SVP: Initialism of senior vice president.
SVP: Initialism of sound velocity profile.
LHS: Initialism of left-hand side.
RHS: Initialism of right-hand side.
RHS: Initialism of rectangular hollow section.
QIC: Initialism of quarter-inch cartridge: a tape storage format having a dual spooled cartridge with a quarter-inch wide tape.
DLT: Initialism of Digital Linear Tape: a computer storage tape format having a single spooled cartridge using multitrack linear serpentine recording on a half-inch wide tape.
DLT: Initialism of device layer transfer: the process of fabricating a device on one substrate, followed by transfer to target substrate.
LTO: Initialism of Linear Tape-Open, an open standard computer storage tape format having a single spooled cartridge with half-inch tape.
LTO: Initialism of link-time optimization.
LTO: Initialism of lunar transfer orbit.
LTO: Initialism of lithium titanate oxide (“Li₄Ti₅O₁₂”).
NCT: Initialism of National Car Test: a roadworthiness test for cars that must be periodically undertaken once the vehicle is more than three-and-a-half years old.
CD5: a 120-mm (5-inch) CD (compact disc)
CD5: a 5-inch CD single
CD5: protein found on B and especially on activated T cells
CD3: an 80-mm (3-inch) CD (compact disc)
CD3: a 3-inch CD single
CD3: an antigen, part of the T cell receptor (TCR) complex on mature T lymphocytes
wks: Well known services. An obsolete register superseded by DNS registers.
kgs: Abbreviation of kilograms. plural of kg (“kilogram”) Nonstandard form of kg (“kilogramme”).
M-1: The Garand semiautomatic rifle, also named the United States Rifle, Caliber .30, M1.
m/d: Abbreviation of malicious damage.
mgt: Abbreviation of management.
GSE: Initialism of government-sponsored enterprise.
GSE: Initialism of ground service equipment.
GSE: Initialism of ground support equipment.
MPD: Initialism of magnetoplasmadynamics.
MPD: Initialism of motive power depot.
MPD: Initialism of multi-purpose document.
MPD: Initialism of myeloproliferative disease.
MPD: Initialism of multiple personality disorder.
109: The German Messerschmitt 109 fighter aircraft.
MLE: Initialism of multi-layer ejecta.
MLE: Initialism of maximum likelihood estimation.
lbw: Alternative letter-case form of LBW
AAM: Initialism of Alliance for Audited Media.
AAM: Initialism of air-to-air missile.
AAM: Initialism of adult-attracted minor (see usage notes on MAP).
ppg: Alternative letter-case form of PPG
VaR: Acronym of value at risk.
hok: A kind of small hut.
kue: The name of the Latin-script letter Q. Alternative form of cue.
8x8: an eight-wheeled vehicle with eight-wheel drive, each wheel has powered drive. (Abbreviation of 8 drive wheels on 8 wheels.)
EIK: A kitchen with room for a table and chairs, or with a counter meant for eating on and room for barstools.
cag: A keg.
cag: Short for cagoule.
cag: A projecting piece left on a tree or shrub when a branch is severed; knob; stump.
cag: The stump of a broken tooth; a tooth standing alone.
cag: An angular tear or rent in a piece of cloth.
TFA: Initialism of trifluoroacetic acid.
TFA: Initialism of the fucking article (from RTFA)
SIG: Initialism of special interest group: a group formed to discuss a particular topic or issue.
UMB: Initialism of upper memory block.
sab: A saboteur, especially of fox hunts.
sab: Alternative form of sab. (“sable”)
sab: A sabbatical officer.
XMM: Initialism of Extended Memory Manager.
EMM: Initialism of Expanded Memory Manager.
HMA: Initialism of High Memory Area.
HMA: Initialism of His Majesty's Airship (ship prefix for very early military airships of the United Kingdom).
UMA: Initialism of unified memory access.
UMA: Initialism of upper memory area.
UMA: Initialism of union membership agreement.
UMA: Initialism of unidentified mysterious animal.
DDE: Initialism of delay differential equation.
DDE: Initialism of Dynamic Data Exchange.
DDE: Initialism of doctrine of double effect.
DDE: Initialism of dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene.
SDE: Initialism of stochastic differential equation.
SDE: Initialism of software development engineer.
SDE: Initialism of small dick energy.
peb: Clipping of pebble (“small piece of crack cocaine”).
ROR: Initialism of rate of return.
WDC: Initialism of woman detective constable, a former police rank.
PVP: Initialism of polyvinyl pyrrolidone.
PVP: Initialism of polyvinylphenol.
PVP: Initialism of crospovidone.
PVP: Alternative letter-case form of PvP.
MRF: Materials recovery facility (or materials reclamation facility, materials recycling facility, multi-reuse facility): a waste recycling plant.
MRF: Metals retention factor.
MRF: Markov random field
MRF: Myogenic regulatory transcription factors
GTS: Abbreviation of geologic timescale.
GTS: Abbreviation of giantess (as a paraphilia).
FAE: Initialism of fuel-air explosive (“thermobaric weapon”).
FAE: Initialism of fuel-air explosion.
FAE: Initialism of field applications engineer.
FAE: Initialism of fundamental attribution error.
OAL: Initialism of other airline.
CCE: Initialism of character and citizenship education.
CCE: Acronym of clubbing, cyanosis, or edema, used to describe the hands and feet of patients.
CCE: Initialism of computer and communication engineering.
CCE: Initialism of computer and communications engineering.
HMV: Initialism of heavy maintenance visit.
HMV: Abbreviation of hentai music video. A fan-made hentai anime clipshow set to music
PIO: Initialism of pilot-induced oscillation.
PIO: Initialism of programmed input/output.
PIO: Initialism of public information officer.
dha: Alternative form of dah (“Burmese knife”)
rrp: Initialism of Recommended Retail Price price.
Mtb: Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
IGO: Initialism of intergovernmental organization AKA international governmental organization.
ksi: Abbreviation of kilopound per square inch.
TAM: Initialism of tense, aspect, mood.
TAM: Initialism of total addressable/available market.
TAM: Initialism of technology acceptance model.
ANN: Initialism of artificial neural network.
ANN: Abbreviation of announcement. (in e-mail or newsgroup subject lines)
gac: The Southeast Asian fruit Momordica cochinchinensis, a reddish spiny gourd with high lycopene content.
gub: Mouth.
IUI: Initialism of intrauterine insemination.
kyr: Abbreviation of kiloyear.
RDX: A high explosive used by the military and industry.
NCA: Initialism of nickel-cobalt-aluminum. (a type of lithium cell chemistry)
NCA: Initialism of national capital area.
OPS: Initialism of on-base plus slugging.
OPS: Initialism of other professional studies.
WBS: Initialism of work breakdown structure.
ern: Alternative spelling of erne
gak: Alternative form of gack (“crystal meth”)
gak: Alternative form of gack (“powder cocaine”)
yad: A pointer used in the ritual of Torah-reading.
yad: The letter ⴷ in the Tifinagh alphabet.
W-2: A form reporting one's compensation as an employee during a year at an employer or personal income taxation.
SED: Initialism of surface-conduction electron-emitter display.
SED: Initialism of spectral energy distribution.
SED: Initialism of selective eating disorder.
SED: Initialism of self-encrypting drive.
SED: Initialism of socio-economic development.
FRB: Initialism of Fast Radio Burst.
MPT: Initialism of Modern portfolio theory.
LDF: Initialism of low-density fibreboard.
HDF: high density fibreboard, hardboard
kab: Alternative form of cab: a former Hebrew unit of volume.
obj: Abbreviation of object.
URI: Initialism of uniform resource identifier.
URI: Initialism of upper respiratory tract infection.
EVT: Initialism of equiviscous temperature.
EVT: Initialism of extreme value theory.
NDT: Initialism of non-destructive testing.
UBC: Initialism of unipolar brush cell.
DSM: Initialism of distinguished service medal.
DSM: Initialism of deep space maneuver (orbital maneuver for a spacecraft far from Earth.)
DSM: Initialism of digital surface model.
DSM: Initialism of distributional semantic model.
TPO: Initialism of thermoplastic olefin.
TPO: Initialism of travelling post office.
TPO: Initialism of tree preservation order.
TPO: Initialism of thyroid peroxidase.
TPO: Acronym of treatment, payment, and (healthcare) operations.
EIP: Initialism of ethylene interpolymer.
ECH: Initialism of epichlorohydrin.
PMR: Initialism of protected membrane roof.
MtF: Alternative form of MTF (“male-to-female (transgender person)”)
gje: The name of the Cyrillic script letter Ѓ&#x20;/ ѓ.
NHD: Initialism of nuclear hydrogen detection meter.
RRP: Alternative form of rrp.
RRP: Initialism of relative refractory period.
RCT: Initialism of randomized clinical trial.
RCT: Initialism of randomized controlled trial.
RCT: Initialism of regiment(al) combat team.
bcc: Initialism of blind carbon copy.
NOK: Initialism of not our kind.
NOK: Initialism of not OK.
BHD: Initialism of Birt-Hogg-Dubé syndrome.
BIF: Initialism of banded iron formation.
BIF: Initialism of bird in flight.
ARS: Initialism of acute radiation syndrome.
ARS: Initialism of acute retroviral syndrome.
BBD: Initialism of bigger better deal: a potentially better romantic or sexual partner than one's current partner, for whom one may be on the lookout.
BBD: Initialism of big black dog: the kind of larger dark-coloured mixed-breed dog said to be passed over by adopters because of "black dog syndrome".
AFN: Initialism of all-figure number.
BAM: Initialism of bile acid malabsorption.
BAM: Initialism of business activity monitoring.
CDF: Initialism of cumulative distribution function.
ETB: Initialism of Education and Training Board.
SYP: Initialism of southern yellow pine.
GHS: Initialism of growth hormone secretagogue.
ALL: Initialism of anterolateral ligament.
ALL: Initialism of acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
GIP: Initialism of government investment pool.
GIP: Initialism of gross internal product.
GIP: Initialism of gastric inhibitory peptide.
GIP: Initialism of glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide, a digestive hormone.
COP: Initialism of close of play.
COP: Initialism of conference of the parties; also CoP or Cop.
COP: Initialism of common operational picture.
COP: Initialism of community ophthalmic physician.
COP: Initialism of coefficient of performance.
COP: Initialism of code of practice.
AUD: Initialism of alcohol use disorder.
WTG: Initialism of wind turbine generator.
FTS: Initialism of flight termination system. A system to destroy the vehicle if it goes out of parameters or out of control
ork: Obsolete form of orc (“killer whale”).
ork: Alternative spelling of orc.
ork: A species of aggressive, fungal humanoid alien, corresponding to the orcs in other fantasy works.
HLL: Initialism of high-level language.
HLL: Initialism of HyperLogLog.
BEP: Acronym of break-even point.
str: Abbreviation of string(s).
str: Abbreviation of steamer. A vessel propelled by steam.
str: Abbreviation of string. (sequence of text characters)
str: Abbreviation of strain.
str: Abbreviation of strength.
str: Abbreviation of stremma(ta), a Greek unit of land area now equivalent to the decare (1000 m²).
amt: Abbreviation of amount.
amt: A county in Denmark.
JGA: Initialism of Jupiter gravity assist.
ECO: Abbreviation of engine cut-off or engine cutoff. (a NASA term for when rocket engines are shut down)
ECO: Initialism of eternally collapsing object. (a type of black hole replacement, to avoid having gravitational singularities)
RIO: Initialism of radar intercept officer.
cub: A young fox.
cub: The young of certain other animals, including the bear, wolf, lion and tiger.
cub: A child, especially an awkward, rude, ill-mannered boy.
cub: A young man who seeks relationships with older women, or "cougars".
cub: A stall for cattle.
cub: Synonym of cub reporter
cub: A furry character who is a child.
cub: Acronym of cashed up bogan.
cah: Pronunciation spelling of car.
meV: Abbreviation of millielectronvolt.
keV: Alternative letter-case form of KeV
FBC: Initialism of full blood count.
FBC: Full Business Case
GEB: Initialism of guaranteed equity bond.
ezh: The letter Ʒ, ʒ
CDO: Initialism of collateralized debt obligation.
CDO: Initialism of command duty officer.
NFU: Initialism of no first use. (of nuclear weapons)
NFU: Initialism of New Foundations with urelements.
eie: Obsolete spelling of eye.
FPU: Initialism of floating-point unit.
sux: Suxamethonium.
MEQ: MEQ, Ministry of Education of Quebec
MEQ: mindful eating questionnaire
SRB: Initialism of storage resource broker.
SRB: Initialism of solid rocket booster — NASA term for booster rockets which use solid rocket fuel, which provide additional thrust to a main rocket.
OMS: Initialism of orbital manoeuvering system. — NASA terminology for orbital maneuvering rockets
daf: A large frame drum, resembling a tambourine, used to accompany popular and classical music in the Middle East.
mln: Abbreviation of million.
bln: Initialism of Brown lunation number.
bln: Abbreviation of billion.
tln: Abbreviation of trillion.
CMV: Initialism of cytomegalovirus.
CMV: Initialism of cucumber mosaic virus.
R/P: Initialism of reserves-to-production.
kbd: Abbreviation of thousand barrels per day.
kbd: Abbreviation of keyboard.
DLC: Initialism of downloadable content: additional content for a video game, delivered via online distribution.
zea: Any plant of the genus Zea.
TBM: Initialism of tunnel boring machine.
EAZ: Initialism of Education Action Zone, any of various areas of England considered for special assistance in increasing the quality or availability of educational opportunities, instituted by New Labour.
CML: Initialism of capital market line.
CML: Initialism of chronic myeloid leukemia.
SML: Initialism of Security Market Line.
APM: Initialism of arbitrage pricing model.
APM: Initialism of advanced power management.
APM: Initialism of actions per minute.
APM: Initialism of automated people mover.
APM: Initialism of anti-personnel mine.
APM: Initialism of application performance management/monitoring.
ZCN: Initialism of zero-coupon note.
GIF: A bitmap image format for pictures with support for multiple images per file or animations, and up to 256 distinct colors per frame, including a fully transparent color.
GIF: An image encoded in GIF file format; the resulting file.
GIF: Any short video without audio, usually one which loops.
GIF: Any short video, in a format directly supported by HTML5 (ie. GIF, MP4, WebM)
NDK: Initialism of Native Development Kit.
CCW: Initialism of channel command word.
CCW: Initialism of concealed carry weapon.
UAV: Initialism of unmanned aerial vehicle; an unpiloted aircraft capable of controlled, sustained, level flight.
mcf: Abbreviation of thousand cubic feet.
DFL: a person who has moved from their previous home in London to live in southern England.
DFL: Initialism of Democratic–Farmer–Labor.
kyu: A grade or rank in various Japanese activities such as martial arts, flower arranging, and the game of go.
LOI: Initialism of letter of intent.
LOI: Initialism of lunar orbit insertion: NASA terminology for a spacecraft maneuver to enter into orbit around the Moon.
XSL: Extensible stylesheet language, any of a family of languages in which code can be written to describe how XML files are to be transformed.
viv: vivarium
IgD: immunoglobulin D
IgG: Immunoglobulin G.
IgA: Abbreviation of immunoglobulin A.
IgM: Immunoglobulin M.
LBD: Initialism of little black dress (“basic fashion item in the female wardrobe”)
âta: Alternative form of attar
CMG: Initialism of Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George, a British honour.
CMG: Initialism of control moment(um) gyro(scope). An attitude control mechanism.
LMS: Initialism of learning management system: a software system for delivering, tracking and managing training or education.
LMS: Initialism of least mean squares.
LMS: Initialism of Laurence-Moon syndrome.
LMS: Initialism of low mass star.
LMS: Initialism of last man standing.
VTX: Abbreviation of videotex.
DAO: Initialism of De-asphalted oil, a crude oil refinery process stream.
DAO: Initialism of Disk-at-Once, an optical disk recording mode.
DAO: Initialism of Data Access Object, a design pattern used in software engineering.
DAO: Initialism of Double action only, a trigger mechanism for semi-automatic firearms.
DAO: Acronym of decentralized autonomous organization, an autonomous entity based on smart contracts on a blockchain.
DAO: Initialism of Dragon Age: Origins.
MCQ: Initialism of multiple-choice question.
OCB: Initialism of oligoclonal band.
OCB: Initialism of opposite-colored bishop.
VGC: Initialism of very good condition.
TSS: Initialism of toxic shock syndrome.
TSS: Initialism of total suspended solids: a measure of water quality
TSS: Initialism of total sum of squares.
TSH: Initialism of thyroid-stimulating hormone.
Bd.: Abbreviation of board.
ipu: A percussion instrument made from hollowed gourds, often used to provide a beat for hula dancing.
Fox: radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter F.
Fox: Someone connected with Leicester City Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
Fox: Ellipsis of Fox Indian.: A member of the Outagamie or Meskwaki, a Native American people.
Goi: Alternative spelling of goy
TAS: Initialism of true airspeed.
TAS: Initialism of tool-assisted speedrun.
TAS: Initialism of tool-assisted superplay.
ube: The purple yam, Dioscorea alata.
SWM: Initialism of single white male; chiefly used in personal ads.
SWM: Initialism of straight white male.
SWM: Initialism of solid waste management.
SWF: Initialism of single white female; chiefly used in personal ads.
SWF: Initialism of sovereign wealth fund.
S/S: Initialism of same size.
S/S: Initialism of short sleeve.
UEA: Initialism of universal enveloping algebra.
yot: The letter Ϳϳ, an uncommon variant of Jj used in Greek linguistics.
saz: The baglama.
SNP: Acronym of single-nucleotide polymorphism (a single base pair of DNA which is polymorphic with respect to a population).
SNP: Abbreviation of sodium nitroprusside, a particular vasodilator (the nitroprusside of sodium).
RAD: Initialism of rapid application development.
RAD: Initialism of role activity diagram.
RAD: Initialism of reactive attachment disorder.
dwt: Deadweight ton; deadweight tonnage.
dwt: pennyweight
MVC: Initialism of motor vehicle collision.
MVC: Initialism of model-view-controller (an architectural pattern used in software development.)
obo: Alternative form of ovoo (“Mongolian cairn”)
TCB: Initialism of trusted computing base.
AIS: Initialism of automatic identification system, as an element of the Global Marine Distress and Safety System GMDSS.
AIS: Initialism of Australian Illawarra Shorthorn (cattle breed).
AIS: Abbreviation of androgen insensitivity syndrome.
AIS: Initialism of artificial immune system.
3PL: Initialism of third-party logistics.
4PL: Initialism of fourth-party logistics.
LWR: Initialism of line width roughness; used by semiconductor process engineers to describe a lithographic process problem.
LWR: Initialism of light water reactor; a nuclear reactor which uses light water as a neutron moderator.
zaa: The letter ظ in the Arabic script.
IRM: Initialism of information rights management.
IVT: Initialism of interrupt vector table.
IDT: Initialism of intelligent design theory.
IDT: Initialism of interrupt descriptor table.
IDT: Initialism of inactive duty training.
ISR: Initialism of interrupt service routine.
ISR: Initialism of intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance (“spycraft”).
nga: Abbreviation of nigga.
sep: Abbreviation of sepal.
TPB: Initialism of trade paperback.
CBR: Initialism of cosmic background radiation.
CBR: Initialism of case-based reasoning.
CBR: Initialism of constant bitrate.
CBR: Abbreviation of Canberra.
SPR: Initialism of surface plasmon resonance.
SPR: Initialism of subtree pruning and regrafting.
SPR: Initialism of strategic petroleum reserve.
SPR: Initialism of self-piercing rivet.
SPR: Initialism of self-piercing riveting.
tbs: Tablespoon.
uji: A Japanese clan or kin group of the Kofun period.
TEC: Initialism of thermoelectric cooler: an electrical heat-transferring device which applies the Peltier effect.
TEC: Short for TEC-9.
PWB: printed wiring board - A circuit board blank created by etching away material thereby exposing non-conductive lands between conductive traces. What a printed circuit assembly is called before it is "stuffed" with components.
MAb: Abbreviation of monoclonal antibody.
GBL: Initialism of gamma-butyrolactone.
GBL: Initialism of graded buffer layer.
MMR: Initialism of measles, mumps, and rubella.
MMR: The combined vaccine against those three diseases.
MMR: Initialism of maintenance margin requirement.
MMR: Initialism of matchmaking rating, used in matching players for games.
MMR: Initialism of meet-me room.
007: A special agent resembling the fictional James Bond in capability, charisma, etc.
Bp.: Abbreviation of Bishop.
Udi: A person who belongs to this group, most probably the descendants of the ancient population of Caucasian Albania.
B10: A motor vehicle fuel blend of 90% diesel and 10% biodiesel
ome: The totality of a certain type of biological molecule, such as the genome or proteome.
cpi: Initialism of characters per inch.
cpi: The measure of a number of typeset font characterss per inch used or supported by a digital display device
cpi: Initialism of characters per inch.
cpi: The measure of characters that can be stored in each inch of magnetic tape
OLE: Initialism of Object Linking and Embedding.
OLE: Overhead line equipment.
CMA: Abbreviation of Census Metropolitan Area.
CMA: Initialism of certified management accountant.
CMA: Abbreviation of China Meteorological Administration.
CMA: Initialism of computer-marked assignment (that uses scan sheets)
CMA: Abbreviation of calcium magnesium acetate.
CMA: Abbreviation of comma, used in communication systems without punctuation marks (e.g., telegrams).
pbw: Initialism of parts by weight.
MMH: Abbreviation of monomethylhydrazine.
TFT: Initialism of thin-film transistor: a technology used in flatscreen displays.
TFT: TFT LCD, active matrix LCD using thin-film transistors.
TFT: Initialism of thyroid function test.
ad.: Abbreviation of adaptation.
ad.: Abbreviation of adapter.
ad.: Abbreviation of archdiocese.
ad.: (grammar, also spelt adv(.)) Abbreviation of adverb.
ad.: Abbreviation of adverb.
ad.: Abbreviation of advertisement.
DDO: Initialism of dynamic drive overlay (a type of computer software; a form of driver)
HMM: Initialism of hidden Markov model.
CRF: Initialism of conditional random field.
CRF: Initialism of case report form.
POI: Initialism of point of interest.
POI: Initialism of person of interest.
POI: Initialism of point of impact.
MCG: Initialism of membrane-coating granule.
mwa: Alternative spelling of mwah
KUB: Initialism of (radiographic study of) kidneys, ureters and bladder.
BUN: Initialism of blood urea nitrogen.
CGA: Initialism of certified general accountant.
OSB: Initialism of oriented strand board, a type of engineered dimensional lumber board, composed of laminated wood.
AOR: Initialism of address of record.
AOR: Initialism of album-oriented radio.
AOR: Initialism of album-oriented rock.
AOR: Initialism of adult-oriented rock.
AOR: Initialism of auxiliary replenishment oiler.
AOR: Initialism of area of responsibility.
pir: A Muslim, especially Sufi, holy man or religious leader.
Oka: A kind of pungent, semi-soft cheese, originally made by Trappist monks in Oka, Quebec.
SXT: Abbreviation of soft X-ray transient.
SXT: Abbreviation of soft X-ray telescope.
HXT: Initialism of hard X-ray telescope.
gid: A disease caused by coenurosis of the brain, most commonly found in sheep and canids.
2NF: Abbreviation of second normal form.
4NF: Initialism of fourth normal form.
3NF: Initialism of third normal form.
6NF: Initialism of sixth normal form.
1NF: Abbreviation of first normal form.
5NF: Initialism of fifth normal form.
JAV: Acronym of Japanese adult video.
CFU: Initialism of colony-forming unit.
CFU: Initialism of colony-forming unit.
d10: A die with ten sides, most often with sides numbered 0 to 9.
d12: A die with twelve sides.
d20: A die with twenty sides.
ASO: Abbreviation of anti-streptolysin O.
ASO: Abbreviation of antisense oligonucleotide.
ASO: Initialism of app store optimization.
HMF: 5-hydroxymethylfurfuran
KSI: Initialism of key set identifier.
SMF: single-mode fibre; a type of an optical fibre which is designed to carry only a single ray of light.
RHU: Initialism of radioisotope heater unit. (a device that generates heat from the natural decay of radioactive material)
PSG: Initialism of phrase structure grammar.
PSG: Initialism of programmable sound generator.
PSG: Short for PSG1, a protein that in humans is encoded by the PSG1 gene.
gre: Obsolete form of gree.
LMB: Initialism of left mouse button.
ush: Alternative form of uzhe; Clipping of usual.
DAU: Initialism of daily active user.
ayn: Synonym of ayin, the various letters representing the consonant /ʕ/ in Semitic languages.
ayn: Synonym of ghayn, the letter Ғ, representing the consonant /ʁ/ or /ɣ/, particularly in Kazakh.
SSD: Initialism of solid-state disk.
SSD: Initialism of solid-state drive.
SSD: Initialism of static separation of duty.
moé: Alternative spelling of moe
loy: A type of one-eared spade used in Ireland.
QTL: Initialism of quantitative trait locus: a locus (gene) that is among the factors affecting a trait whose values of interest are continuous rather than merely two.
AVL: Audio, video, and lighting, for a performance
HBT: Initialism of hole-board test.
HBT: Initialism of herringbone twill.
BBN: Initialism of Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
BBN: Initialism of bulletin board network.
AUM: Initialism of assets under management.
RHA: Initialism of rolled homogeneous armo(u)r.
byo: Obsolete form of bayou.
gr.: Abbreviation of graphic.
EMG: Initialism of electromyography.
EMG: Initialism of electromyograph.
EMG: Initialism of electromyogram.
SVZ: Initialism of sub-ventricular zone.
taf: Alternative form of taw (Semitic letter)
VEI: Volcanic Explosivity Index: a scale used to measure the explosiveness of volcanic events, based on the amount of material which is erupted.
PSD: Initialism of Power spectral density.
PSD: Initialism of Professional Scrum Developer, a certification for scrum software development.
LRN: Initialism of luminous red nova: an astronomical event, believed to be a type of stellar explosion, intermediate in power between a nova and a supernova, and such that as the explosive debris expands it reddens and cools, unlike a nova or supernova, in which thinning explosive debris exposes hotter interior layers.
DSD: Initialism of disorder of sex development.
ONA: Initialism of original net animation, a Japanese anime uploaded directly onto the Internet.
IRI: Initialism of Internationalized Resource Identifier. A generalization of the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) allowing the use of Unicode.
IRI: Initialism of international roughness index. A dimensionless quantity used for measuring road roughness, proposed as a world standard by the World Bank.
LTM: Initialism of last twelve months.
LTM: Initialism of long-term memory.
FQI: Initialism of fuel quantity indicator.
RED: Acronym of reverse electrodialysis.
PRO: Initialism of pressure retarded osmosis.
PRO: Initialism of patient-reported outcome.
kix: Alternative form of kex
onc: Oncology.
GHG: Initialism of greenhouse gas.
gaj: Alternative form of gadje (“non-Romani person”)
Goα: a type of GTP-binding protein subunit belonging to the Giα family, expressed primarily in neural cell types
GTP: Acronym of guanosine triphosphate.
GTP: Initialism of Grand Touring Prototype.
LEM: Originally Lunar Excursion Module, latterly Lunar Module.
LEM: Law of excluded middle.
SPS: Abbreviation of supplementary policy statement.
SPS: Initialism of stall protection/prevention system.
SPS: Abbreviation of stiff person syndrome.
SPS: Initialism of supplementary power system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of supplementary power system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of standby power system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of smart power system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of stand-alone power system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of stand-alone power system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of standalone photovoltaic system/supply.
SPS: Initialism of solar power station.
SPS: Initialism of solar power station.
SPS: Initialism of solar power satellite.
SPS: Initialism of satellite power system.
SPS: Initialism of sensory processing sensitivity.
PAF: Initialism of platelet-activating factor.
AVN: Initialism of atrioventricular node.
AVN: Initialism of avascular necrosis.
MAF: Initialism of minor allele frequency: the frequency of the less-common allele at a SNP.
GWA: Allelic association for genes throughout a genome.
Elo: Short for Elo rating.
Elo: Rating, independent of the underlying algorithm used.
SCN: Initialism of Soybean cyst nematode.
SCN: Initialism of suprachiasmatic nuclei.
SCN: Initialism of server change number.
SCN: Initialism of Scottish Candidate Number.
wi': head
wi': ear of maize
hwk: Abbreviation of homework.
KDD: Initialism of knowledge discovery in databases.
QPF: SQ — Quebec police force — Sûreté du Québec
IAB: Initialism of internal affairs bureau.
M/V: Initialism of motor vessel.
M/S: Initialism of motor ship. – a ship propelled by an internal combustion engine, such as a diesel engine, in contrast to sailing ships and steamships
S&L: A savings and loan association.
CMM: Initialism of Coordinate-measuring machine.
CTM: Initialism of community trademark.
CTM: color, temperature, moisture (used to assess skin signs)
CTM: Abbreviation of Canadian Tire Money.
CTM: Initialism of chicken tikka masala.
AMT: Initialism of automated manual transmission.
AMT: Initialism of alphamethyltryptamine.
AMT: Initialism of alternative minimum tax.
MMC: Initialism of metal matrix composite.
MMC: Initialism of multimedia card.
MMC: Initialism of maximum material condition.
RLE: Initialism of run-length encoding.
RLE: Initialism of real-life experience.
Jez: A sexually promiscuous female; a whore.
OEL: Initialism of organic electro-luminescence.
OEL: Initialism of occupational exposure limit.
'za: Pizza
Miz: Eye dialect spelling of Ms.
SCP: Initialism of Senior Crown Prosecutor.
SCP: A genre of science fiction horror consisting of quasi-scientific reports on the capture, containment, and attempted study of a variety of supernatural entities by the fictional SCP Foundation.
yre: Archaic spelling of ire.
yod: Alternative form of yodh
yod: A palatal approximant, /j/.
yod: Pronunciation spelling of yard.
CLR: Initialism of current-limiting resistor.
CLR: Contraction of clear.
CLR: Initialism of coffee leaf rust.
DYC: Initialism of damn (or damned) yellow composite: any hard-to-identify yellow-flowered member of the sunflower family (Compositae).
PCA: Abbreviation of propulsion controlled aircraft (system/unit), an aircraft with a control system with two or more engines arrayed abreast, allowing descent, ascent, turns by adjusting the throttle control to the engines (sometimes used attributively).
PCA: Abbreviation of principal components analysis.
PCA: Abbreviation of patient-controlled analgesia; palliator.
PCA: Initialism of posterior cerebral artery.
MIR: Synonym of mail-in rebate
MIR: Abbreviation of mid infrared or mid-infrared radiation.
fwd: Abbreviation of forward.
roy: A king.
NNH: Initialism of number needed to harm.
DND: Initialism of drag and drop.
pib: Synonym of pibgorn
D/L: download
D/L: Duckworth-Lewis method
cro: Synonym of bro (a male comrade or friend)
cro: Marijuana.
RPH: Initialism of red pussy hair.
RCH: Initialism of red cunt hair.
RUB: Any of a group of proteins similar to ubiquitin
RUB: Initialism of rich urban biker.
ERV: Initialism of endogenous retrovirus.
ERV: Initialism of Earth return vehicle.
ERV: Initialism of energy recovery ventilator.
ERV: Initialism of energy recovery ventilation.
mya: Abbreviation of million years ago or megayears ago. (Preceded by a numeral.)
LBO: Initialism of leveraged buyout.
URN: Initialism of uniform resource name.
IFA: Initialism of independent financial adviser.
GDA: Abbreviation of glycyldodecylamide, a derivative of the amino acid glycine
GDA: Initialism of gastroduodenal artery.
TRO: Initialism of temporary restraining order.
TRO: Initialism of traffic restriction order.
RAS: Initialism of redundant acronym syndrome.
RAS: Initialism of replenishment at sea.
RAS: Abbreviation of rail accessory system.
RAS: Initialism of reticular activating system.
RAS: Initialism of reasonable articulable suspicion.
RAS: Initialism of renin-angiotensin system.
RAS: Initialism of remote access service.
NMJ: Initialism of neuromuscular junction.
mnt: Abbreviation of maleonitriledithiolate.
MAS: Initialism of multi-agent system.
MAS: Initialism of microarchitecture specification.
MAS: Initialism of master of applied science.
MAS: Initialism of male answer syndrome.
MAS: Initialism of milk-alkali syndrome.
ABW: Abbreviation of alcohol by weight.
ARG: Initialism of alternate reality game.
AIA: Initialism of Associate of the Institute of Actuaries (professional qualification).
CUB: Initialism of cashed up bogan.
ARE: Initialism of advance reader’s edition.
FLK: Initialism of funny-looking kid (“a child with possible abnormal morphology”).
ATG: Initialism of anti-thymocyte globulin.
CYP: Abbreviation of cytochrome P450.
CYP: Abbreviation of cyclophilin.
BLR: Initialism of broad-line region.
FIN: Initialism of facility ID number.
FIN: Initialism of force identification number.
IDN: Initialism of internationalized domain name.
GBR: Initialism of guaranteed bitrate.
BWA: Initialism of boil water advisory.
NER: Initialism of named-entity recognition.
ETH: Initialism of electric train heat/heating.
NCL: Abbreviation of nidopallium caudolaterale.
GEO: Initialism of genetically engineered organism.
GEO: Abbreviation of geostationary orbit.
GEO: Abbreviation of geostationary Earth orbit.
GEO: Abbreviation of geosynchronous equatorial orbit.
MHL: Initialism of mobile high-definition link. (a cable and link standard, typically for connecting a micro-USB form factor port on a mobile device to an HDMI port on a screen)
SJM: Initialism of single (unmarried) Jewish male.
BRN: Initialism of business registration number.
COG: Initialism of center of gravity.
COG: Abbreviation of course over ground.
SOM: Initialism of self-organizing map.
SEN: Initialism of special educational needs.
TON: Initialism of threshold odor number.
VCT: Initialism of venture capital trust.
HRV: Initialism of heart rate variability.
HRV: Initialism of heat recovery ventilation.
HRV: Initialism of heat recovery ventilator.
HRV: Initialism of Holmes ribgrass virus., an RNA virus of plants
HRV: Initialism of human rhinovirus.
BLM: Abbreviation of bleomycin.
SMR: Initialism of shingled magnetic recording.
SMR: Initialism of small modular reactor.
LKA: Initialism of last known address.
LKA: Initialism of locked rotor amp.
TTO: Initialism of technology transfer office.
JAM: A household that is only barely able to meet its financial obligations.
ECU: Initialism of engine control unit.
ECU: Initialism of electronic control unit.
ECU: Initialism of emission(s) control unit.
ECU: Initialism of European Currency Unit.
ECU: Initialism of extreme close-up.
SDN: Initialism of specially designated national, a person sanctioned by the United States Department of Treasury.
GAB: Initialism of gender-atypical behavior.
SWE: Initialism of software engineering.
ASM: Abbreviation of assembly language.
ASM: Initialism of air-to-surface missile.
ASM: Initialism of anti-ship missile.
ASM: Initialism of abstract state machine.
ASM: Initialism of assistant stage manager.
ASM: Abbreviation of asynchronous motor.
PNG: Initialism of Portable Network Graphics.
PNG: Initialism of Portable Network Graphics.
PNG: A spritesheet, in PNG format, containing all sprites used for a VTuber's avatar.
PNG: Initialism of persona non grata.
LSO: Initialism of landing signal officer.
TCD: Initialism of transcranial Doppler.
CHL: Initialism of concealed handgun license.
PSE: Initialism of personal and social education.
PSE: Initialism of photosensitive epilepsy.
PSE: Initialism of post-secondary education.
PSE: Initialism of porn star experience.
MDG: Initialism of Millennium Development Goal.
MDA: Initialism of mobile data assistant.
MDA: Initialism of message-driven architecture.
MDA: Initialism of model-driven architecture.
MDA: Initialism of monochrome display adapter.
MDA: Initialism of mail delivery agent.
MDA: Initialism of minimum descent altitude.
MDA: Initialism of malondialdehyde.
MDA: Initialism of methylenedioxyamphetamine, especially 3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine.
MDA: Initialism of medium-density amorphous ice (“a form of H₂O water ice, with a density like that of liquid water”).
ANT: Initialism of Aids to Navigation Team, as used in the United States Coast Guard.
ANT: Initialism of actor–network theory.
MSR: Initialism of molten salt reactor.
MSR: Initialism of Mars Sample Return mission.
MSR: Mulder/Scully romance; a fanfic involving a romantic relationship between the characters Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of the The X-Files.
MSR: Such fan fiction collectively.
MRT: Initialism of magnetic resonance tomography.
MRT: Initialism of malicious (software) removal tool.
MRT: Initialism of mass rapid transit, mass rail transit, metro rail transit, or metropolitan rapid transit. A form of heavy-rail rapid-transit system that utilizes modern Electric Multiple Units to transport commuters between stations.
FSM: Initialism of fluorescent speckle microscopy.
FSM: Initialism of finite-state machine.
FSM: Initialism of female seeking male.
FSM: Initialism of field strength meter.
MDV: Initialism of Mars descent vehicle.
SLV: Abbreviation of space launch vehicle.
SLV: Abbreviation of satellite launch vehicle.
kbp: Abbreviation of kilobase pair.
MWI: Abbreviation of many-worlds interpretation.
MWI: Abbreviation of microwave irradiation.
TEL: tetraethyllead (or tetraethyl lead, tetra-ethyl lead); a gasoline additive to boost octane rating
TEL: A label for telephone number.
NAM: Initialism of Native American myopathy.
PID: Initialism of pelvic inflammatory disease.
PID: Initialism of personal identification device.
PID: Initialism of principal ideal domain.
PID: Initialism of process identifier.
PID: Initialism of proportional integral derivative.
PID: Initialism of piping and instrumentation diagram.
PID: Initialism of photoionization detector.
TAP: Initialism of talk aloud protocol.
TAP: Initialism of think aloud protocol.
TAP: Initialism of total audience package: an offering that includes ads broadcast during every part of the schedule.
jor: In Indian music, a formal section of composition in the long elaboration (alap) of a raga that forms the beginning of a performance.
AHO: Initialism of approved hunting organisation, an organisation of which membership is one of several possible prerequisites for a firearms license.
757: A Boeing 757 aeroplane.
JLB: "cossack—iron cross—cossack" – an acrobatic maneuver in moguls skiing, whereby taking a ski jump off a kicker, the skier performs a sequence of three acrobatic maneuvers, starting with a cossack, followed by an iron cross, and ending with a cossack, before landing on course again.
MFC: Initialism of microbial fuel cell.
MFC: Initialism of multifunction centre, a printer-scanner combination, sometimes with a fax machine included.
bpm: Initialism of beat per minute.
DET: Abbreviation of diethyltryptamine.
MMQ: Abbreviation of methylmethaqualone.
TED: Initialism of transmission electron diffraction.
TED: Initialism of turtle excluder device.
TED: Initialism of thyroid eye disease.
OMW: Initialism of olive mill wastewater.
ted: A Teddy boy.
MS.: Abbreviation of manuscript.
303: The .303 British rifle calibre.
303: A rifle chambered in this calibre, normally the SMLE series.
303: The TB-303 synthesizer.
Yat: A person of the New Orleans, Louisiana area who speaks with a Yat accent.
Yid: A Jew.
Yid: A Jew.
Yid: A supporter or club member of Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
ZIF: Initialism of Zero insertion force.
ZIF: Initialism of zero intermediate frequency.
ZIF: Initialism of Zeolitic imidazolate frameworks.
NRO: Initialism of near-rectilinear orbit / near-rectilineal orbit.
foy: Faith, allegiance.
foy: A feast given by one about to leave a place.
Kia: A vehicle of the Kia brand.
gip: A servant; a gyp.
BSL: Acronym of breed-specific legislation.
BSL: Initialism of biosafety level.
AMI: Initialism of acute myocardial infarction.
AMI: Initialism of agonist-antagonist myoneural interface.
AMI: Initialism of agonist-antagonist myoneural interface.
AMI: Ellipsis of AMI amputation.
QKD: Initialism of quantum key distribution.
PHB: Initialism of pointy-haired boss, an incompetent micromanager.
AVC: Initialism of additional voluntary contribution (to a pension).
AVC: Initialism of Advanced Video Coding.
ISV: Initialism of independent software vendor (organization specializing in making and selling software; a software publisher)
ISV: Initialism of international scientific vocabulary.
ISV: Initialism of infantry squad vehicle. An unarmored wheeled troop transport land vehicle
RPE: Initialism of rate of perceived exertion.
RPE: Initialism of respiratory protective equipment.
UIM: Abbreviation of underinsured motorist.
cmd: Abbreviation of command.
UKP: Initialism of United Kingdom pound.
av.: Abbreviation of Avenue (used in street names).
BHO: Initialism of browser helper object.
BHO: Initialism of butane honey oil.
GWB: Abbreviation of gravitational wave background.
kl.: Abbreviation of klepton.
MHA: Member of the House of Assembly.
j/s: Initialism of jump seat.
F/O: Initialism of first officer.
F/O: Abbreviation of flying officer.
CCM: Initialism of countercountermeasure.
CCM: Initialism of Cabin Crew Member (cabin crew, flight attendant)
CCM: Initialism of constrained conditional model.
CCM: Initialism of Combined Cypher Machine.
CCM: Initialism of contemporary Christian music.
Sen: Alternative form of Sen.
ock: A man of Middle Eastern descent that runs a deli or bodega, typically in New York.
HMX: An explosive, octahydro-1,3,5,7-tetranitro-1,3,5,7-tetrazocine, related to RDX.
CUE: Acronym of clear and unmistakable error; legal standard for appeal of a decision by a Board of Veterans Appeals in the United States.
NOD: Initialism of notice Of disagreement; filed by an appellant in response to a denial of veteran's benefits in United States law.
NOD: Initialism of Night Optical/Observation Device.
AHB: Initialism of Automatic Half Barrier, a type of level crossing
MHK: Initialism of Member of the House of Keys.
wus: Alternative spelling of wuss
ICB: Initialism of inner-city bypass.
ZWJ: Acronym of zero-width joiner.
BOP: Initialism of blowout preventer.
BOP: Initialism of burden of proof.
FFF: Initialism of fused filament fabrication.
PBM: Initialism of pharmacy benefit manager.
PBM: Initialism of portable bitmap.
nig: niggard
nig: A nigger.
nig: Clipping of nigga (“friend, fellow black person”).
BFC: big fucking capacitor - a high-voltage film capacitor suitable for use in power transmission, electric motor starters and applications involving electrical arcs
s/o: Abbreviation of shout out.
s/o: Abbreviation of significant other.
s/o: Abbreviation of son of.
LPG: Initialism of liquefied petroleum gas.
TCG: Initialism of trading card game.
DTO: Initialism of data transfer object.
DTO: Initialism of director of train operations.
UDI: Initialism of unilateral declaration of independence.
RTF: Initialism of real time factor.
RTF: Initialism of Rich Text Format.
RTF: Initialism of residential treatment facility.
d/l: Abbreviation of download.
@55: Censored spelling of ass.
JRE: Initialism of Java runtime environment
LαE: Lyman-alpha emitter
LAE: Initialism of Lyman-alpha emitter.
stu: Clipping of studio.
APU: Initialism of auxiliary power unit.
DDL: Initialism of Data Definition Language.
DDL: Initialism of Direct Download Link (an Internet link to a file, for immediate download, instead of via file sharing)
RPP: Initialism of recreational pilot permit.
RPP: Initialism of registered pension plan.
riq: A kind of frame drum (tambourine) with jingles attached, originating in traditional Arab music.
sys: Abbreviation of system.
AAT: Abbreviation of aspartate aminotransferase.
Yue: Yue ware, a southern Chinese style of celadon-glazed stoneware.
EKO: Initialism of Edgeworth-Kuiper object.
AES: Initialism of Auger electron spectroscopy.
AES: Initialism of atomic emission spectroscopy.
AES: Initialism of actually existing socialism.
MVT: Initialism of mean value theorem.
CO$: Church of Scientology
dif: difference
CQC: Initialism of close quarters combat.
BWS: Initialism of Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
HBD: Having two of the same allele at a locus, or base at a SNP, where both copies are from a single ancestor strand.
HBD: Initialism of human biodiversity.
doz: Abbreviation of dozen. (a set of twelve)
PWR: power
PWR: pressurized water reactor
BWR: Initialism of boiling water reactor.
qof: Alternative spelling of qoph
AME: Initialism of Alternate Mission Equipment.
AME: Initialism of Aviation Medical Examiner.
AME: Initialism of Amplitude Modulation Equivalent.
caf: A café.
caf: A cafeteria.
caf: A caffeinated coffee.
rew: Obsolete or dialectal form of row
LEC: Abbreviation of local exchange carrier.
pfx: Abbreviation of prefix.
GSA: Initialism of general sales agreement. A contact between an airline and a travel company to provide customer service in a region where the airline does not have an office.
GSA: Initialism of general sales agent. The travel company having such an agreement.
GSA: Initialism of genetic sexual attraction.
GSA: Initialism of gay-straight alliance: a student-run society for discussion of issues relating to sexual orientation.
GSA: Initialism of genders and sexualities alliance.
WER: Initialism of word error rate.
SxS: Abbreviation of side by side (a double barrelled shotgun with both barrels beside each other, rather than over and under).
SxS: Abbreviation of side-by-side. (a utility task vehicle (“UTV”))
EAS: Initialism of equivalent airspeed.
EAS: Initialism of East Asia Summit.
EAS: Initialism of electronic article surveillance.
DSV: Initialism of deep submergence vehicle.
DSV: Initialism of diving support vessel. or dive support vessel
LUN: Initialism of logical unit number.
T20: Initialism of Twenty20.
OTK: Initialism of one turn kill.
NIS: Initialism of Network Information Service.
faw: A gypsy.
HAC: Initialism of hearing aid compatibility.
nug: lump; block
nug: A piece of marijuana.
nug: A chicken nugget.
nug: Alternative form of noog (“Guizotia abyssinica”)
seq: Abbreviation of sequence.
seq: Abbreviation of sequitur.
vaw: Alternative form of vav
FOW: Initialism of fall of wicket.
FOW: Initialism of fog of war.
FoW: Initialism of fall of wicket.
FoW: Initialism of fog of war.
6x6: a six-wheeled vehicle with six-wheel drive (each wheel has powered drive)
H&C: Initialism of hot and cold (water).
PUR: Initialism of polyurethane.
ABV: Initialism of alcohol by volume.
ABV: Initialism of American-born Vietnamese.
Goy: Alternative letter-case form of goy
CVV: Initialism of card verification value.
JSC: Initialism of joint-stock company.
JSC: Initialism of junior school certificate.
fcp: Abbreviation of foolscap.
CIM: Initialism of confidential information memorandum.
ACP: Initialism of acyl carrier protein.
ACP: A class of handgun ammunition; Initialism of automatic Colt pistol.
ACP: Initialism of advance care planning.
RIA: Initialism of rich Internet application.
RIA: Initialism of radioimmunoassay.
RIA: Initialism of Reactivity-Initiated Accident.
RIA: Initialism of registered investment adviser.
RIA: Initialism of Regulatory Impact Assessment.
zud: Alternative form of dzud
RVP: Initialism of rendezvous point (for emergency services)
CSM: Initialism of company sergeant major.
CSM: Initialism of capillary refill or circulation, sensory, motor (“used to check the responsiveness of trauma patients”).
CSM: Initialism of command and service module.
CSM: Initialism of customer success manager.
CSM: Initialism of Cigarette Smoking Man.
LHX: Initialism of light helicopter - experimental.
JSF: Initialism of Joint Strike Fighter.
TNG: Abbreviation of trinitroglycerin.
TNG: A social club for younger BDSM practitioners, typically for those under the age of approximately 35 years.
F/A: fighter and attack aircraft (prefix)
Xan: A Xanax tablet.
Ike: An Eisenhower dollar.
QVT: Initialism of Query/View/Transformation (a standard for model transformation in a certain model-driven architecture.)
SDL: Initialism of Simple Declarative Language.
SDL: Initialism of Schema Definition Language.
obe: A particular subdivision of ancient Laconia.
obe: Obsolete form of obeah.
JSR: Initialism of Jump to Subroutine: (an assembler command)
JSR: Initialism of Java Specification Request.
JSR: Initialism of Joint Spectral Radius.
BJJ: Initialism of Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
F2L: First two layers
LUG: Initialism of lesbian until graduation.
LUG: Initialism of Linux user group.
OBO: Initialism of ore-bulk-oil: designating a ship designed to be capable of carrying wet or dry cargoes.
JVM: Initialism of Java virtual machine.
BKV: Abbreviation of BK virus.
OPI: Initialism of office of primary interest.
rbd: Abbreviation of rebound.
SGD: Initialism of speech generating device.
SGD: Initialism of stochastic gradient descent.
SNS: Initialism of social networking site.
SNS: Initialism of sympathetic nervous system.
SEB: Initialism of skeletal eroding band.
FAT: Acronym of File Allocation Table or file allocation table.
FAT: Acronym of File Allocation Table or file allocation table.
FAT: Any of a series of file systems that use one or more FATs.
FAT: FAT16 or FAT16B.
FAT: Acronym of File Allocation Table or file allocation table.
FAT: Any of a series of file systems that use one or more FATs.
FAT: FAT12.
FAT: Acronym of File Allocation Table or file allocation table.
FAT: Any of a series of file systems that use one or more FATs.
FAT: FAT12 or FAT16, without drawing a distinction between the two.
FAT: Any of a series of genes and their equivalent proteins that are associated with cell proliferation.
FAT: Initialism of full agricultural tenancy.
'it: Pronunciation spelling of hit (in the senses "punch", "kill", etc).
'am: Nonstandard form of ham.
isp: Abbreviation of ichnospecies.
PS3: Sony PlayStation 3
PS3: PostScript level 3
Aka: A member of a nomadic Mbenga people.
FTE: Initialism of fault-tolerant Ethernet.
FTE: Initialism of full-time equivalent.
FTE: Initialism of full-time employee.
zol: A cannabis cigarette.
BMR: Initialism of basal metabolic rate.
BMR: Initialism of biomedical research.
VOD: Alternative form of VoD (“video on demand”)
AMV: Initialism of anime music video: a fan-made anime clipshow set to music.
LLB: Abbreviation of Bachelor of Laws.
erd: Alternative form of earth
erd: The common European shrew (Sorex vulgaris); the shrewmouse or erd shrew.
TTR: Abbreviation of transthyretin.
TTR: Abbreviation of type-token ratio.
SEZ: Initialism of special economic zone.
KBD: Initialism of Kashin-Beck disease.
MIC: Abbreviation of methylisocyanate.
MIC: Initialism of minor in consumption. (of alcohol)
MIC: Initialism of military-industrial complex.
MIC: Initialism of minimum inhibitory concentration.
Ket: A member of a people of Krasnoyarsk Krai in Central Siberia, Russia.
VLM: very low mass star
GID: Acronym of general improvement district.
GID: Acronym of generic interface definition.
GID: Acronym of group identifier.
GID: Initialism of gender identity disorder.
FFV: The ‘first families of Virginia’, or someone descended from such a family.
DDx: Abbreviation of differential diagnosis.
MDR: Initialism of mandatory declassification review.
MEG: Abbreviation of magnetoencephalogram.
MEG: Abbreviation of magnetoencephalograph.
MEG: Abbreviation of magnetoencephalography.
MEG: Abbreviation of monoethylene glycol.
AWT: Initialism of Airborne Wind Turbine.
RMI: Abbreviation of Remote Method Invocation.
RMI: Abbreviation of Rights Management Information.
WMA: Initialism of Windows Media Audio (file).
PBP: Initialism of penicillin-binding protein.
PBP: Personal Basis Profile of JavaME.
PBP: Alternative letter-case form of PbP (“Picture-by-Picture”)
PBP: Initialism of play-by-play.
QEF: Acronym of qualified election fund
EVP: Initialism of Executive Vice President.
EVP: Initialism of Employee value proposition.
EVP: Initialism of electric vacuum pump.
EVP: Initialism of Electronic voice phenomenon.
JAD: Java Application Descriptor
WTK: Sun Java wireless toolkit
JCP: Initialism of Java Community Process.
JCP: Initialism of Judicial corporal punishment.
OTA: Initialism of over-the-air.
OTA: Initialism of operational transconductance amplifier.
OTA: Initialism of online travel agency/agent.
OTA: Initialism of on-time arrival.
OTA: Initialism of optical tube assembly (of a telescope).
IDR: Initialism of income-driven repayment.
IDR: Acronym of income-driven repayment plan.
Mas: Master, used as a title of respect.
Mas: The title of someone holding a Master of Arts, especially a Presbyterian minister.
TLI: Initialism of trans-lunar injection.
TLI: Initialism of trypsin-like immunoreactivity.
LLO: Initialism of low lunar orbit.
LLO: Initialism of laser lift-off.
GTO: Abbreviation of geostationary transfer orbit.
GTO: From Italian Abbreviation of Gran Turismo Omologato. "Grand Tourer, Homologated", used in some sports car names (see granturismo).
GTO: Initialism of Game Theory Optimal.
TCL: Initialism of transverse carpal ligament.
CTS: Common Time System for the Common Language Interface of .NET
CTS: Carpal tunnel syndrome.
CTS: course to steer
CTS: copyright transfer statement, a contract with thich the author of a work cedes the copyright to a publisher (e.g. a journal).
ORM: Initialism of object–relational mapping.
ORM: Initialism of object–role modeling.
ORM: Initialism of online reputation management.
mna: Alternative form of mina (“weight unit”)
poy: A support structure.
poy: A balancing pole used by tightrope walkers.
poy: A long pole, normally with a hook, used to push barges upstream.
lod: Initialism of logarithm of odds. A measure of likelihood calculated by taking the log of the ratio of the probability of a hypothesis being true given the observed data over the probability that the hypothesis is false.
SPG: Initialism of self-propelled gun.
SPG: Initialism of salt, (black) pepper, and garlic.
SPG: Initialism of sarong party girl.
SPG: Initialism of submersible pressure gauge.
zoe: In the philosophy of Giorgio Agamben, bare life, as opposed to any particular mode of life (bios).
SHH: Initialism of sonic hedgehog homolog (protein)
SHH: Initialism of sonic hedgehog gene (gene encoding for the protein "sonic hedgehog")
Det: Abbreviation of detective.
PSM: Initialism of professional scrum master.
PSM: Initialism of phono-semantic matching.
PSM: Initialism of permanent-magnet synchronous motor.
zac: Alternative form of zack
YUP: Initialism of young urban professional.
OLL: Initialism of orientation of the last layer: placing all the cubies of the last layer so that the last-layer colour of each cubie is facing the last layer.
BAT: Initialism of best available technology: a principle applying to regulations on limiting pollutant discharges.
BAT: Initialism of brown adipose tissue.
NFA: Initialism of no fixed abode.
NFA: Initialism of non-forecast airlift.
NFA: Initialism of nondeterministic finite-state automaton.
exh: Abbreviation of exhibit.
exh: Abbreviation of exhibition.
RDP: Initialism of Remote Desktop Protocol.
RDP: Abbreviation of ribavirin diphosphate.
VSL: Initialism of Value of Statistical Life, a measure of the monetary value of reducing the statistical likelihood of death in a population by a given amount.
PAT: Initialism of point after touchdown. (extra point)
PAT: Initialism of provincial achievement test.
PAT: Initialism of portable appliance testing.
PAT: Initialism of port address translation.
PAT: Initialism of protocol associated type.
PAT: Initialism of personal access token.
PAT: Initialism of paroxysmal atrial tachycardia.
C64: The Commodore 64, a home computer of the 1980s.
DIB: Abbreviation of diffuse interstellar band.
DIB: Abbreviation of device-independent bitmap.
MIB: Initialism of man in black.
MIB: Initialism of man in black.
MIB: Initialism of men in black.
MIB: Initialism of methylisoborneol.
MIB: Initialism of motion-induced blindness.
tyg: Alternative form of tig (drinking cup)
ADS: Initialism of automated decision support.
ADS: Initialism of automatic dependent surveillance.
ADS: Initialism of adult-directed speech.
HAL: Acronym of hardware abstraction layer.
HAL: A homicidal computer, an artificial intelligence that acts similarly to the HAL 9000 featured in 2001: A Space Odyssey.
VSS: Virgin SpaceShip — spaceship prefix for Virgin Galactic spacelines
VSS: vehicle speed sensor
VSS: virtual switching system
VSS: variable structure system
VSS: volatile suspended solids
DPO: Initialism of day(s) post-ovulation.
DPO: Initialism of departure prevention order.
DPO: Initialism of data protection officer.
jow: Alternative form of jhow (“kind of tamarisk”)
jow: A pre-metric unit of length in India, equal to approximately a quarter of an inch
MMT: Abbreviation of methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl: an octane number boosting additive to unleaded gasoline to replace TEL as an anti-knock component
MMT: Initialism of million metric ton(s).
S-2: staff military intelligence officer position in smaller units, or section in larger formations
BVH: Initialism of bounding volume hierarchy.
DTW: Dance Theater Workshop, a performance venue in New York City, New York
DTW: Dynamic Time Warping, a pattern matching algorithm
SDG: Initialism of single-display groupware.
SDG: Initialism of Sustainable Development Goal.
SDG: Initialism of synthetic differential geometry.
XTM: Initialism of XML topic map.
OWL: Initialism of Web Ontology Language.
NUI: Initialism of natural user interface.
OSC: Initialism of order to show cause.
Bee: someone connected with Barnet Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
Ins: Abbreviation of Insert.
orf: Cattle.
orf: An exanthemous disease caused by a parapox virus, occurring primarily in sheep and goats but also capable of infecting humans.
orf: Alternative form of orfe (the fish)
TUI: Initialism of text-based user interface or initialism of terminal user interface.
TUI: Initialism of tangible user interface.
TUI: Initialism of touch user interface.
MIG: Initialism of Multi Input Gateway.
MIG: A member of the Luton Town MIGs (Men in Gear), a firm of football hooligans.
MIG: Misspelling of MiG. (aircraft)
DSI: Initialism of diffused surface illumination.
DSI: Initialism of digital sequence information.
CCV: Initialism of clathrin-coated vesicle.
CCV: Initialism of Community Core Vision.
WCA: Initialism of waste collection authority.
SFR: Initialism of star formation rate.
SFR: Initialism of star-forming region.
WDM: Initialism of warm dark matter.
WDM: Initialism of wavelength-division multiplexing.
IRP: Initialism of I/O request packet.
RTM: Initialism of representative town meeting.
RTM: Initialism of release to manufacturing.
Pal: Palestinian.
Bps: Initialism of byte per second.
ADF: Initialism of automatic direction finder.
ADF: Initialism of automatic document feeder.
ADF: Initialism of Application Development Framework (of Oracle)
ppq: parts per quadrillion
ppb: Initialism of parts per billion.
ECM: Initialism of engine control module.
ECM: Abbreviation of engineered cellular magmatic.
ECM: Initialism of enterprise content management.
ECM: Initialism of exceptional case-marking.
ECM: Initialism of extracellular matrix.
ECM: Abbreviation of extra-cluster medium.
ECM: Initialism of electronic countermeasure.
ECM: Initialism of elliptic curve method.
sl.: Abbreviation of slang.
cdr: The second part of a cons in Lisp. The remainder of a list when the first element is removed.
TMJ: Abbreviation of temporomandibular joint.
TMJ: Temporomandibular pain, temporomandibular joint disorder.
oyl: Obsolete spelling of oil
TMD: Initialism of temporomandibular joint dysfunction.
TMD: Initialism of traction maintenance depot.
GRE: Any edition of the Graduate Record Examination or of any of its Subject Tests.
ryō: A gold currency unit in the shakkanhō system in pre-Meiji Japan.
QAR: quick access recorder
VCC: (electronics, also V_(CC)) Common Collector Voltage; the positive supply voltage for an integrated circuit containing bipolar junction transistors.
VCC: Common Collector Voltage; the positive supply voltage for an integrated circuit containing bipolar junction transistors.
VCC: Initialism of Video Compact Cassette.
BED: Alternative form of B.Ed. (Bachelor of Education).
BED: Initialism of banana equivalent dose.
BED: Initialism of binge eating disorder.
NTR: Initialism of nuclear-thermal rocket.
NTR: Initialism of netorare.
MOX: Abbreviation of mixed oxide fuel.
QRA: Initialism of quick reaction alert. A military and NATO term to define a higher state of readiness in which aircraft will become airborne within minutes to intercept and identify unknown aircraft or intercept one that has lost contact with air traffic control.
ENS: Initialism of enteric nervous system.
MMI: Initialism of man-machine interface.
MMI: Initialism of modified Mercalli intensity.
DTD: Initialism of Data Transfer Device.
DTD: Initialism of Detailed Timing Descriptor.
DTD: Initialism of Document Type Definition.
DTD: Initialism of Double Talk Detection.
DTD: Initialism of dissociative trance disorder.
NOI: Initialism of notice of intent.
NOI: Initialism of nature of illness.
STT: Initialism of speech to text.
h/t: Abbreviation of hat tip.
CWP: Initialism of coal worker's pneumoconiosis.
CWP: Initialism of construction work package.
A2S: Assist-2-Sell, a real-estate franchise organisation in the United States of America
A2S: Amazon Associates Web Service
VAD: Initialism of Voluntary Aid Detachment: a women′s first-aid organisation active during World War I and World War II, or a member of this detachment; also V.A.D.
VAD: Initialism of ventricular assist device.
WSI: Initialism of wafer-scale integration.
UID: Abbreviation of unique identifier.
UID: Abbreviation of user ID (identifier/identification number).
UID: Abbreviation of unique identification number.
MVR: Initialism of motor vehicle record.
MGA: Abbreviation of megestrol acetate.
LSL: Initialism of laminated strand lumber; a type of engineered dimensional lumber beam, composed of laminated wood.
PAB: Initialism of protection at birth.
RSD: Initialism of reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
RSD: Initialism of rejection sensitive dysphoria.
IRR: Initialism of Internal rate of return.
LVL: Initialism of laminated veneer lumber, a type of engineered dimensional lumber beam, composed of laminated wood
LVL: Abbreviation of level.
OMR: Initialism of optical mark recognition.
OMR: Initialism of optical mark reading.
OMR: Initialism of optical music recognition.
RON: Abbreviation of research octane number.
PEN: Abbreviation of polyethylene naphthalate.
PEN: Abbreviation of penalty. (a scorecard score when a skater is penalized out of their skate)
TJS: Abbreviation of Tommy John surgery.
NIO: Initialism of New I/O.
CNY: Initialism of Chinese New Year.
MOP: GBU-57; Acronym of Massive Ordnance Penetrator.
MOP: Initialism of means of production.
MOP: Initialism of mode of production.
MOP: Initialism of method of payment.
BRT: Initialism of bus rapid transit.
ptr: Abbreviation of pointer.
BMP: Abbreviation of bitmap.
BMP: Initialism of batch message processor.
BMP: Initialism of basic metabolic panel.
HBC: health and beauty care
HBC: hormonal birth control
HBC: hit by car
HBC: Abbreviation of hexabenzocoronene.
PTW: Initialism of powered two-wheeler: a motorbike or similar vehicle.
PTW: Initialism of pay to win.
LαB: Lyman-alpha blob
LAB: Initialism of Lyman-alpha blob;
LAB: Initialism of lactic acid bacterium.
LAB: Abbreviation of linear alkylbenzene.
UAT: Initialism of User Acceptance Testing.
UAT: Abbreviation of universal access transceiver.
GWP: Initialism of gross world product.
GWP: Initialism of global warming potential.
SPL: Initialism of stretched penile length.
SPL: Initialism of senior patrol leader.
HPC: Initialism of high-performance computing.
HPC: Initialism of hydroxypropyl cellulose.
HPC: Initialism of high power charging.
OOD: Initialism of object-oriented design.
OOD: Initialism of Officer of the Deck.
SST: Initialism of supersonic transport.
SST: Abbreviation of somatostatin.
SST: Initialism of sea surface temperature.
SST: Initialism of socioemotional selectivity theory.
SST: Initialism of single-session therapy.
OOA: Initialism of object-oriented analysis.
OOA: Initialism of object-oriented application.
OOA: Initialism of Out of Africa (hypothesis).
kya: thousand years ago
OMT: Initialism of O-MethylTransferase.
OMT: Initialism of Object Model Template.
OMT: Initialism of Object-Modeling Technique.
CMY: Initialism of cyan, magenta, yellow.
PVD: Initialism of peripheral vascular disease.
PVD: Initialism of posterior vitreous detachment.
PVD: Initialism of physical vapor deposition.
rya: A Scandinavian knotted-pile woollen rug, used as bed-cover and tapestry.
ryu: A Japanese school of martial arts.
RRD: Initialism of regional rural development.
RRD: Initialism of removable rigid dressing.
RRD: Initialism of reduced resolution dataset.
RRD: Initialism of Round-Robin Database.
DWT: Alternative form of dwt
DWT: discrete wavelet transform
ECS: Initialism of enhanced chipset.
ECS: Initialism of electronic chart system.
ECS: Initialism of empty coaching stock.
RTB: Initialism of real-time bidding.
M16: Alternative form of M-16
FAL: FN-FAL (the NATO standard rifle)
faa: The letter ف in the Arabic script.
gow: Alternative form of jow (“pre-metric unit of length in India”)
gow: opium
CWT: Initialism of center wing tank (a fuel tank located in the fuselage between an aircraft's wings).
CWT: Initialism of continuous wavelet transform.
CWT: Initialism of Civil War token.
LPF: Initialism of low-pass filter.
DBS: Initialism of deep brain stimulation.
DBS: Initialism of direct broadcast satellite.
zef: A South African counterculture movement associated with the white lower middle class.
GRG: Initialism of giant radio galaxy.
psc: Abbreviation of parsec.
psc: Abbreviation of parallax second.
XNA: nucleic acid analogue (nucleic acid analog) ; Initialism of xeno nucleic acid. (backformation) ; X nucleic acid, where "X" is a stand-in for multitude of various nucleic acid acronyms, which are not DNA or RNA
BES: N,N-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)-2-aminoethanesulfonic acid
ABG: Initialism of arterial blood gas.
ABG: Initialism of acoustic bass guitar.
ABG: Initialism of Asian baby girl.
xat: A carved pole erected as a memorial to the dead by some Native Americans of Western North America.
UTG: A UTG player.
ghe: Alternative form of ge
SMG: Abbreviation of submachine gun.
CTF: Initialism of capture the flag.
CTF: Initialism of chlorine trifluoride.
CTF: Initialism of counter-terrorist (or terrorism) financing.
CTF: Initialism of Colorado tick fever.
GoS: Initialism of grade of service.
gtt: drop
GNH: Initialism of gross national happiness.
RAR: A RAR file.
RAR: Initialism of railroad accident report.
NAV: Acronym of net asset value.
HSH: Initialism of His/Her Serene Highness, the title of a number of members of the royal family in various countries.
HAM: Initialism of his apostolic majesty, the title given to a number of historical kings of Hungary.
LVT: Initialism of landing vehicle tracked.
LVT: Initialism of licensed veterinary technician.
alc: Abbreviation of alcohol.
MWE: Initialism of minimal working example.
MWE: Initialism of multi-word expression.
nym: A pseudonym used when posting messages.
fuk: Deliberate misspelling of fuck.
gro: Abbreviation of grove.
AFF: Initialism of accelerated freefall.
GCP: Initialism of ground control point.
BBA: Initialism of balanced budget amendment.
BBA: Initialism of bachelor of business administration.
XMP: Initialism of xanthosine monophosphate.
XMP: Initialism of Extensible Metadata Platform.
XMP: Initialism of Extreme Memory Profile.
UCL: Initialism of ulnar collateral ligament.
ZSL: Initialism of zero-shot learning.
yug: Archaic form of yuga (any of the religious ages in Hinduism).
BCT: Initialism of brigade combat team.
BCT: Initialism of battalion combat team.
TPS: think-pair-share
TPS: third-person shooter
TPS: Abbreviation of temporary protected status.
TPS: Initialism of thermal protection system.
TPS: Initialism of testing procedure specification.
TPS: transactions per second
SCT: Initialism of stem cell transplantation.
SCT: Initialism of symbolic convergence theory.
SCT: Abbreviation of squad combat team.
AMU: Initialism of atomic mass unit.
AMU: Initialism of astronaut maneuvering unit.
AMU: Initialism of Acute Medical Unit.
MCA: Initialism of Mars-crossing asteroid.
MCA: Initialism of minimum crossing altitude.
MCA: A master in computer science and application.
MCA: Initialism of middle cerebral artery.
MCA: Microchannel Architecture, a computer bus standard (expansion bus) for connecting of internal components.
SLD: Initialism of second-level domain.
SLD: Initialism of semiconductor laser diode.
SLD: Initialism of superluminescent diode.
SLD: Initialism of single-line diagram.
SLD: Initialism of straight-line diagram.
SLD: Initialism of Styled Layer Descriptor.
SLD: Initialism of single lens digital.
SLD: Initialism of supercooled large droplet.
FTT: Initialism of financial transaction tax.
FTT: Initialism of failure to thrive.
yed: A saying.
yed: A falsehood; leasing.
yed: A burrow; a hole made by an animal in the ground.
yed: A self-reference to the editor of a periodical; a substitution for the editor's name or signature.
hCG: Initialism of human chorionic gonadotropin.
AUV: Initialism of autonomous underwater vehicle.
AUV: Initialism of Asian utility vehicle.
OPV: Initialism of optionally piloted vehicle.
OPV: Abbreviation of organic photovoltaic.
OPV: Initialism of oral poliovirus vaccine.
MEC: Initialism of multifluidic evolutionary component.
MEC: Initialism of microbial electrolysis cell.
PZP: Initialism of porcine zona pellucida.
Co.: Abbreviation of company (often used as "& Co." (and company))
Co.: Abbreviation of county, alternative form of Co
BCL: Initialism of Bachelor of Civil Law.
VES: Virtual Execution System for .NET
CIL: Initialism of cousin-in-law.
CDP: Initialism of census-designated place.
CDP: Initialism of chef de partie.
mfd: Abbreviation of manufacturing date.
mfd: Abbreviation of microfarad.
URT: Initialism of ultrasound reflection tomography.
URT: Initialism of unified rear triangle.
URM: Initialism of unlimited register machine.
URM: Initialism of unreinforced masonry.
URM: Initialism of underrepresented minority.
LOB: Abbreviation of large object.
LOB: Initialism of line of business.
LOB: Initialism of limit order book, an order book of limit orders.
DTL: Initialism of delay-tolerant networking.
OCP: Initialism of oral contraceptive pill.
OCP: Initialism of Open Closed Principle.
GEM: Initialism of ground-effect machine.
PBI: Acronym of polybenzimidazole.
PBI: Initialism of poor bloody infantry - the infantry of the British Army
orl: An alder tree.
orl: orl fly
sáj: Alternative spelling of saj
saj: An Asian tree, Terminalia elliptica
TCK: Initialism of third culture kid.
FMC: Initialism of first medical contact.
DCE: Initialism of data circuit-terminating equipment.
DCE: Initialism of dead-code elimination.
DTE: Data Terminal Equipment
DTE: Distance to Empty
DTE: Desktop Engineering
DTE: dead tree edition: a paper version
OFT: Initialism of orbital flight test.
TNR: Initialism of trap–neuter–return: a program designed to neuter and release feral cats (and, more rarely, dogs).
MOI: Initialism of method of injury.
THM: Initialism of trihalomethane.
guz: A unit of length used in parts of Asia, ranging from 24 to 41 inches and historically used for measuring textiles, comparable to the English yard.
BSI: Initialism of body substance isolation.
PNP: Initialism of party and play.
PNP: Initialism of purine nucleoside phosphorylase.
PNP: Short for PNP transistor.
PNP: Short for plug and play.
PEP: Initialism of post-exposure prophylaxis.
PEP: Initialism of personal equity plan (a former financial instrument).
PEP: Initialism of politically exposed person.
PEP: Initialism of phosphoenolpyruvate.
PEP: Initialism of Python enhancement proposal.
ERM: Initialism of enterprise relationship management.
ERM: Ellipsis of ERM protein family.
Gif: Alternative form of GIF
LHD: Abbreviation of left-hand drive.
LHD: Initialism of landing, helicopter, dock.: A type of amphibious assault ship, a warship.
wae: woe
SRV: Abbreviation of suborbital reusable vehicle.
JVP: Initialism of jugular venous pressure.
OWO: Initialism of oral without: in prostitution, signifies performing oral sex without using a condom.
JVD: Initialism of jugular vein distention.
EEZ: Initialism of exclusive economic zone: a sea zone over which a state has special rights over the exploration and use of marine resources.
CTE: Initialism of chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
CTE: Initialism of coefficient of thermal expansion.
CTE: Initialism of common table expression.
LFN: Initialism of long filename.
THT: Initialism of through-hole technology.
THT: Abbreviation of tetrahydrothiophene.
PTH: Initialism of plated through-hole.
PTH: Initialism of parathyroid hormone.
IFU: Abbreviation of instruction(s) for use.
SLS: Initialism of second-level support.
SLS: Initialism of sodium lauryl sulphate.
Kol: A member of the Munda, Ho, or Oraon tribes of eastern India.
asr: The afternoon Islamic prayer.
usr: Abbreviation of user.
LGB: Initialism of laser-guided bomb.
M2F: Alternative form of MTF (“male-to-female (transgender person)”)
F2M: Alternative form of FTM (“female-to-male (transgender person)”)
VPS: Initialism of virtual private server.
VPS: Initialism of victim personal statement.
VOB: Abbreviation of video object.
VOB: Abbreviation of versioned object base.
T&A: Scantily clad women, or entertainment featuring scantily clad women.
T&A: time and attendance reporting.
CCP: Initialism of critical control point.
CCP: Initialism of complete cleft palate.
CCP: Initialism of cubic close-packed.
CCP: Initialism of central counterparty.
do.: Abbreviation of ditto.
poa: Any grass of the genus Poa, especially Poa annua.
tce: terrace
fip: fippenny bit
YEC: Initialism of Young Earth creationism.
YEC: Initialism of Young Earth creationist.
yaa: The letter ي (y) in the Arabic script.
M98: The Mauser model 98, or a firearm action based on this design.
vap: That which is vapid, insipid, or lifeless; especially, the lifeless part of liquor or wine.
GFC: Initialism of global financial crisis.
GFC: Initialism of gel filtration chromatography.
GFC: Initialism of ground fault circuit.
GFC: Initialism of generic flow control.
EAB: Initialism of emerald ash borer.
EAB: Initialism of emergency air breather.
EAB: Initialism of echelons above brigade.
KED: Initialism of Kendrick Extrication Device.
CSG: Initialism of coal seam gas.
CSG: Abbreviation of carrier strike group.
CSG: Abbreviation of carrier surface group.
CSG: Abbreviation of carrier surface assertion group.
CSG: Abbreviation of constructive solid geometry.
buj: Alternative spelling of bujj (“heroin”)
oad: Obsolete form of woad.
dje: The name of the Cyrillic script letter Ђ&#x20;/ ђ.
kaw: Alternative form of caw
tse: The letter Ц, ц.
HIF: Initialism of higher intermediate fare.
HIF: Initialism of horizontal integration facility.
EMA: Initialism of European Medical Association (association representing Medical Doctors in Europe)
EMA: Initialism of European Medicines Agency (a European Union agency for the evaluation of medicinal products)
EMA: Initialism of Excess Milage Allowance.
IBU: Initialism of International Bitterness Unit: a measure of the bitterness of beer
BDC: Initialism of bullet drop compensation.
CHS: Initialism of cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome.
CHS: Initialism of cylinder-head-sector.
TZD: Abbreviation of thiazolidinedione.
HSL: Initialism of hue, saturation, lightness.
HSL: Initialism of hue, saturation, level.
MAP: Initialism of missed approach point.
MAP: Initialism of modified American plan, a hotel rate that included accommodation, breakfast and dinner, but not lunch.
MAP: Initialism of microtubule-associated protein.
MAP: Initialism of modified atmosphere packaging.
MAP: Initialism of mean arterial pressure.
MAP: Acronym of methyl-acetylene propadiene.
MAP: Initialism of multiple aim point.
MAP: Initialism of minor-attracted person..
MAP: Initialism of Mexican-American Princess; overly materialistic and selfish young Mexican-American woman.
ayu: A sweetfish, an amphidromous fish of East Asia, the only member of its genus and family, Plecoglossus altivelis, named and prized for its sweet-tasting flesh. It is a game fish and is also subject to extensive aquaculture.
ULF: Initialism of Ultra Low Frequency, the band of radio waves between 300 hertz and 3000 hertz.
606: Arsphenamine.
ahu: The goitered gazelle, Gazella subgutturosa.
ahu: On Rapa Nui, a stone platform on which moai (statues) were erected.
IFO: Initialism of identified flying object.
EBE: Initialism of extraterrestrial biological entity.
AOO: Initialism of anomalous orbital object.
AOO: Initialism of attack of opportunity.
AOO: Initialism of area of operations.
tkt: Abbreviation of ticket.
IMP: Initialism of inosine monophosphate.
IMP: Initialism of integral membrane protein.
IMP: Initialism of individual meal package.
IDX: Initialism of intact dilation and extraction.
qux: Alternative form of quux
VZV: Initialism of varicella zoster virus.
VZV: Initialism of varicella zoster vaccine.
NSN: Initialism of National Stock Number.
NSN: Initialism of NATO Stock Number.
eyr: Obsolete spelling of air
QRH: Abbreviation of quick reference handbook.
QRT: Initialism of quick response team.
QRT: Initialism of quote retweet.
QRM: Initialism of quality risk management
QRM: electromagnetic interference
QRP: Initialism of queen retinue pheromone.
QRP: Initialism of queen's rook's pawn.
QST: Initialism of Quebec sales tax.
QRS: A QRS complex.
ALS: Initialism of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
ALS: Initialism of approach lighting system.
ALS: Initialism of ambient light sensor.
CHT: Initialism of congenital hypothyroidism.
bih: bitch.
TGE: Initialism of transmissible gastroenteritis.
noy: annoyance
DPT: Initialism of Doctor of Physical Therapy.
DPT: Initialism of Doctor of Practical Theology.
DPT: Ellipsis of DPT vaccine.
DPT: vaccine for diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus
DPT: Ellipsis of DPT vaccine.
DPT: vaccine for diphtheria, polio, tetanus
DPT: Initialism of deep pressure therapy.
SEP: Initialism of sensory evoked potential.
SEP: Initialism of special enrollment period.
SEP: Initialism of standard-essential patent.
SEP: Initialism of Surrendered Enemy Personnel.
APP: Alternative form of app
APP: Initialism of acute-phase protein.
APP: Initialism of amyloid precursor protein.
APP: Initialism of ammonium polyphosphate.
APP: Initialism of authorized push payment.
TMP: Abbreviation of thymidine monophosphate.
TMP: Abbreviation of trimethoprim.
TMP: Abbreviation of Template metaprogramming.
PCT: Abbreviation of platoon combat team.
PCT: Initialism of perceptual control theory.
PCT: Initialism of post-coital tristesse.
UHV: Initialism of ultra-high voltage.
UHV: Initialism of ultra-high vacuum.
TNA: threose nucleic acid or threonucleic acid
SAK: secure attention key (such as ctrl+alt+delete for Windows operating systems) (not in general use but used in topic-relevant online discussions).
SAK: Swiss Army knife (not in general use but used in topic-relevant online discussions).
IBB: Initialism of intentional base on balls, an intentional walk.
GNA: Initialism of glycol nucleic acid.
BNA: Initialism of bridged nucleic acid.
src: Abbreviation of source.
v/v: Abbreviation of volume per volume / volume by volume, the proportion of a particular substance within a mixture, as measured by space occupied.
FFA: Initialism of free fatty acid.
FFA: Initialism of Fellow of the Faculty of Actuaries (professional qualification).
FFA: Initialism of free-for-all.
SJS: Initialism of Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
TPE: Initialism of thermoplastic elastomer.
TPE: Initialism of total power exchange.
TIR: Initialism of total internal reflection.
hox: Abbreviation of homeobox.
bif: A public washroom.
cfu: Alternative form of CFU
527: A tax-exempt organization whose role is to influence the selection, nomination, election, appointment or defeat of candidates for federal, state or local public office.
GVW: Initialism of gross vehicle weight rating.
tcf: thousand cubic feet
tcf: trillion cubic feet
NAP: Acronym of non-aggression principle.
NAP: Acronym of non-aggression pact.
ult: The final (ultimate) syllable of a word.
ult: An ultimate; the most powerful ability available to a character.
ult: One's ultimately favorite group or member, i.e. a preference which is never expected to change.
NBD: Initialism of next business day.
NBD: Initialism of no big deal.
jud: A mass of coal holed or undercut so as to be thrown down by wedges.
jif: Alternative form of jiff
jif: Short for JFIF.
mib: A marble (glass ball used in games), especially one used as a target.
mib: A game of marbles.
RLL: run-length limited
pac: A moccasin with a sole made of leather or deerskin.
pac: A pac boot.
ruc: Alternative form of roc
tef: Alternative form of teff
NUC: Initialism of neutral unit of construction.
sev: An Indian snack food consisting of small pieces of crunchy noodles made from chickpea flour paste.
CAC: Initialism of collective action clause.
CAC: Initialism of Common Access Card.
CAC: Initialism of Cracker-ass cracker.
CAC: Initialism of customer acquisition cost (“cost associated in convincing a customer to buy a product”).
UCP: Initialism of uncoupling protein.
REN: Initialism of ringer equivalence number.
zir: A large clay jug for storing water, common in Egypt and the Sudan since ancient times.
ewt: A newt.
MWR: Initialism of morale, welfare, and recreation.
ODN: Initialism of ordnance datum Newlyn. Used to judge the height above/below sea level in England, from the MSL (mean sea level) in Newlyn between 1915 and 1921.
Reb: Abbreviation of Rebel.
wff: Acronym of well-formed formula.
NBG: von Neumann-Bernays-Gödel (axiomatic) set theory
oct: Abbreviation of octal.
MHC: Initialism of major histocompatibility complex.
CFG: Initialism of context-free grammar.
CFG: A configuration file.
CFG: Initialism of control-flow graph.
MDB: Initialism of multidrop bus.
MDB: Initialism of multilateral development bank.
RRT: Initialism of registered respiratory therapist.
Vth: threshold voltage of a transistor.
SCA: Initialism of sustainable competitive advantage.
SCA: Initialism of superior cerebellar artery.
cmt: Abbreviation of comment.
NRI: Initialism of non-resident Indian. (an Indian citizen who is not treated as a resident by Indian income tax law).
NRI: Initialism of nonrecurring item.
CCK: Initialism of cholecystokinin.
VMA: Abbreviation of vanillylmandelic acid.
FPC: Initialism of federal prison camp.
FPC: Initialism of flexible printed circuit.
ZHR: Initialism of Zenithal Hourly Rate.
SCM: Initialism of software configuration management.
SCM: Initialism of source code management.
SCM: Abbreviation of sternocleidomastoid muscle.
dbh: Initialism of diameter at breast height, a standard method of expressing the diameter of the trunk or bole of a standing tree. The diameter is measured at the height of an adult's breast.
FIT: Initialism of feed-in tariff.
FIT: Initialism of fully inclusive tour.
FIT: Initialism of fully independent travel.
CAE: Acronym of Certificate in Advanced English, the second highest level ESOL exam awarded by Cambridge University.
CPE: Abbreviation of Certificate of Proficiency in English. (the highest-level ESOL exam awarded by Cambridge University)
CPE: Abbreviation of chartered professional engineer.
CPE: Abbreviation of centrally planned economy.
CPE: Abbreviation of customer-premises equipment.
CPE: Initialism of cytoplasmic polyadenylation element.
Mig: an incorrect capitalisation of MiG. (Russian fighters)
MPO: Initialism of myeloperoxidase.
Qu.: Abbreviation of Queen.
COW: Acronym of copy-on-write.
COW: Acronym of chief of watch.
EAI: Initialism of enterprise application integration.
MFT: Initialism of Managed file transfer.
MFT: Initialism of Master File Table.
MFT: Initialism of marriage and family therapy; marriage and family therapist, short for LMFT.
LTE: Initialism of letter to the editor.
LTE: Initialism of loss of tail rotor effectiveness. (by a helicopter)
LTE: Initialism of Long Term Evolution (a telephone and mobile broadband communication standard)
LTE: Initialism of lifting the exponent. (a lemma used to calculate p-adic orders)
NFC: Initialism of near field communication.
NFC: Abbreviation of natural fiber composite.
NFC: Initialism of Normalization Form: (Canonical) Composition.
VMC: Initialism of visual meteorological conditions.
VMC: Initialism of vertical machining center.
PFS: Initialism of perfect forward secrecy.
PFS: Initialism of progression-free survival.
PFS: Initialism of pyoderma fistulans sinifica.
PFS: Initialism of post-finasteride syndrome.
MFP: Initialism of multi-function printer.
SKA: Initialism of Square Kilometer Array.
oby: Archaic form of obeah.
BSN: Initialism of Bachelor of Science in Nursing.
SRP: Initialism of single responsibility principle.
SRP: Initialism of suggested retail price.
CLU: Initialism of consultant-led unit.
LLG: Abbreviation of local level government.
IAT: Abbreviation of Implicit Association Test.
IAT: Initialism of import address table.
SFG: Initialism of signal-flow graph.
SFG: Initialism of sum frequency generation.
TTS: Initialism of T-Tauri star.
TTS: Initialism of Text to speech.
TTS: Initialism of Temporary threshold shift.
TTS: Abbreviation of thrombosis with thrombocytopenia syndrome.
OOS: Initialism of object-oriented scanning.
EPT: A European Poker Tour event.
WPT: A World Poker Tour event.
WPT: Abbreviation of wireless-power transfer.
SPB: Abbreviation of super pressure balloon.
BPD: Borderline personality disorder.
DbC: Initialism of Design by Contract.
EJB: Initialism of Enterprise JavaBean.
UDT: Initialism of user-defined type.
UDT: Initialism of uniform data transfer.
UDT: Initialism of Underwater Demolition Team.
UDT: Initialism of urine drug testing.
FBR: fast breeder reactor
ipi: The long-tailed pangolin (Manis tetradactyla)
lcm: Initialism of least common multiple.
A/R: Initialism of accounts receivable.
LPO: Initialism of loss prevention officer.
FDM: Initialism of frequency-division multiplexing.
FDM: Initialism of fat in dry matter: a measure of the fat content of cheese
FDM: Initialism of fused deposition modeling: a type of additive manufacturing
FDM: Abbreviation of fuzzy dark matter.
IOP: Independent Olympic Participant
oth: Obsolete spelling of oath
ABs: All Blacks, the New Zealand national rugby team.
BPR: Abbreviation of bypass ratio.
BPR: Initialism of Business process reengineering.
HDM: Initialism of hot dark matter.
HSF: Initialism of heat sink and fan.
HSF: Initialism of high speed ferry.
HSF: Initialism of high speed freighter.
SoC: Alternative form of SOC
LPI: Initialism of leading pedestrian interval, a brief period when pedestrians are allowed to start crossing a street before vehicles are allowed to move.
LPI: Initialism of limited price indexation.
PPH: Alternative form of PP&H
PPH: Initialism of postpartum hemorrhage.
PPH: Initialism of permanent private hall.
ugg: ugg boot
ugg: Alternative spelling of ug
P&P: Alternative form of p&p (“postage and packing”)
P&P: Initialism of principles and parameters.
TPV: Initialism of temporary protection visa.
TPV: Abbreviation of tipranavir.
LoD: Initialism of level of detail.
DLE: Initialism of double-layer ejecta.
ROH: Initialism of Ring of Honor: a US media and entertainment company known for professional wrestling.
ROH: Initialism of run of house.
ROH: Initialism of runs of homozygosity.
JSP: An individual web page implemented with JSP.
JSP: Initialism of jacketed soft point (bullet), a type of lead bullet with a partial metal jacket, where the tip leaves the core exposed without jacketing.
RSG: Abbreviation of red supergiant.
RSG: Responsible Service of Gambling, a government certificate allowing hotel workers to work in a gambling establishment.
TCF: Travel Compensation Fund, a government run fund to cover travel agency insolvency.
RDC: A Budd Rail Diesel Car, a self-propelled railcar for passengers.
gop: Synonym of gopnik
TBT: Initialism of target bearing transmitter.
TBT: Initialism of Throwback Thursday.
TBT: Initialism of throwback to.
TBT: Initialism of total blocking time.
PNC: Initialism of plate number coil.
PNC: Initialism of philatelic numismatic cover.
PHA: Initialism of potentially hazardous asteroid.
PHA: Initialism of phytohemagglutinin.
PHA: Abbreviation of public health agency.
PHA: Initialism of polyhydroxyalkanoate.
ab.: Abbreviation of antibody.
ab.: Abbreviation of abridgement.
ROP: A Render Output unit or raster operations pipeline.
ROP: Initialism of return-oriented programming.
ROP: Initialism of run of paper.
ROP: Initialism of run of press/run of paper.
ROP: Initialism of retinopathy of prematurity.
COI: Initialism of conflict of interest.
MSL: Initialism of mean sea level.
MKS: Alternative form of mks
MKS: Abbreviation of McKusick-Kaufman syndrome.
irp: A fantastic grimace or contortion of the body.
LPT: line printer
LPT: laser periodontal therapy
LPT: listed property trust
LPT: licensed psychiatric technician
LPT: licensed physical therapist
LPT: licensed penetration tester
LPT: low-power transceiver
LPT: low-pressure turbine
LPT: local policing team
LPT: loss portfolio transfer
LPT: Initialism of life pro tip.
CPN: Initialism of community psychiatric nurse.
IGT: Initialism of Iowa gambling task.
ALM: Initialism of application lifecycle management.
ALM: Initialism of audiolingual method.
EKC: Initialism of epidemic keratoconjunctivitis.
RCC: Abbreviation of red cell concentrate.
RCC: Initialism of renal cell carcinoma.
RCC: Initialism of roller compacted concrete.
RCC: Abbreviation of reinforced carbon-carbon composite.
CDI: Initialism of capacitor discharge ignition.
CDI: Initialism of context(s) and dependency injection
CDI: Initialism of Clostridioides difficile infection.
CDI: Ellipsis of CDI factor.
elt: Abbreviation of element.
MDP: Initialism of messaging pattern.
MDP: Initialism of methylene diphosphonate.
MDP: Initialism of Markov decision process.
SOE: Initialism of state owned enterprise.
MPI: Initialism of multipoint fuel injection.
MPI: Initialism of multiport fuel injection.
MPI: Initialism of mass psychogenic illness.
dog: A mammal of the family Canidae:
dog: The species Canis familiaris (sometimes designated Canis lupus familiaris), domesticated for thousands of years and of highly variable appearance because of human breeding.
dog: A mammal of the family Canidae:
dog: Any member of the family Canidae, including domestic dogs, wolves, coyotes, jackals, foxes, and their relatives (extant and extinct); canid.
dog: A mammal of the family Canidae:
dog: A male dog, wolf, or fox, as opposed to a bitch or vixen.
dog: The meat of this animal, eaten as food.
dog: A person:
dog: A dull, unattractive girl or woman.
dog: A person:
dog: A man, guy, chap.
dog: A person:
dog: Someone who is cowardly, worthless, or morally reprehensible.
dog: A person:
dog: A sexually aggressive man.
dog: A mechanical device or support:
dog: Any of various mechanical devices for holding, gripping, or fastening something, particularly with a tooth-like projection.
dog: A mechanical device or support:
dog: A click or pallet adapted to engage the teeth of a ratchet wheel, to restrain the back action.
dog: A mechanical device or support:
dog: A metal support for logs in a fireplace.
dog: A mechanical device or support:
dog: A double-ended side spike driven through a hole in the flange of a rail on a tramway.
dog: The eighteenth Lenormand card.
dog: A hot dog: a frankfurter, wiener, or similar sausage; or a sandwich made from this.
dog: An underdog.
dog: Foot.
dog: (from "dog and bone") Phone or mobile phone.
dog: One of the cones used to divide up a racetrack when training horses.
dog: Something that performs poorly.
dog: Something that performs poorly.
dog: A flop; a film that performs poorly at the box office.
dog: A cock, as of a gun.
dog: A dance having a brief vogue in the 1960s in which the actions of a dog were mimicked.
ACM: Initialism of agency credit memo.
ACM: Initialism of anticoalition militia.
ACM: Initialism of abstract control model.
ADM: Initialism of agency debit memo.
ADM: Initialism of atomic demolition munition.
LCC: Initialism of low cost carrier.
LCC: Abbreviation of large crude carrier.
LCC: Initialism of leaf-and-branch compost cutinase.
I²C: Initialism of Inter-Integrated Circuit, a standard for integrated circuit communication using two lines.
DON: dissolved organic nitrogen
DON: Abbreviation of deoxynivalenol., a toxic byproduct of Fusarium head blight of barley
IDL: Initialism of intermediate-density lipoprotein.
IDL: Initialism of interactive data language.
IDL: Initialism of interface definition language (of Microsoft).
IDL: Initialism of interface description language.
ORB: Initialism of object request broker.
ORB: Initialism of operations record book. (used by RAF)
IoC: Initialism of inversion of control.
NVI: Initialism of non-virtual interface.
NVI: Initialism of (a stamp with) no value indicated.
EAR: Initialism of Enterprise Application Archive (a file format used to package Java applications)
EAR: Initialism of estimated average requirements.
DGS: Initialism of Dominion Government Ship.: a ship of the government of Canada
DGS: German Sign Language (initialism taken from German)
DGS: Initialism of deposit guarantee scheme.
PDW: Initialism of personal defense weapon.
aaa: Initialism of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
aaa: Initialism of acquired aplastic anemia.
aaa: Initialism of acute anxiety attack.
aaa: Initialism of amalgam.
aaa: Initialism of androgenic anabolic agent.
aaa: Initialism of anti-aircraft artillery.
P60: The end-of-year tax certificate given to each employee by their employer.
RnB: Alternative form of R'n'B
TTL: Initialism of ticket time limit.
TTL: Initialism of time to live.
TTL: Initialism of transistor–transistor logic.
FRS: Initialism of functional requirements specification.
FRS: Initialism of fellow of the Royal Society and postnominal.
FGF: Initialism of fibroblast growth factor.
FGF: Initialism of fresh gas flow.
A&R: Alternative form of A & R
BPS: Initialism of bisphenol S.
BPS: Initialism of bladder pain syndrome.
BPS: Initialism of battered person syndrome.
AAU: Initialism of assigned amount unit.
LHR: Initialism of light horse regiment.
AET: Initialism of application enrollment token.
YTP: Initialism of YouTube poop.
TDP: Initialism of thermal design power.
TDP: Initialism of total and permanent disability.
HSP: Initialism of heat shock protein.
HSP: Initialism of Henoch-Schönlein purpura.
HSP: Initialism of halal snack pack.
HSP: Initialism of highly sensitive person.
HSP: Initialism of highest shoulder point.
EHP: Initialism of electron-hole pair.
BAE: The ship prefix for ships of the navy of Ecuador.
BCP: Initialism of best current practice.
BCP: Initialism of birth control pill.
BCP: Initialism of bromochloropropane.
WFK: West Fork (of a river or creek)
swy: A two-shilling coin.
swy: Two-up.
swy: A two-year prison sentence.
ICZ: Abbreviation of indolocarbazole.
ODP: Initialism of orbital defense platform.
ODP: Initialism of observer design pattern.
ODP: Initialism of origin decision point.
EDV: Initialism of end-diastolic volume.
ohu: A kind of rural commune established in New Zealand under a government scheme of the mid-1970s.
CVZ: Abbreviation of cortivazol.
EIS: Initialism of environmental impact statement.
EIS: Initialism of enterprise information system.
EIS: Initialism of Enterprise Investment Scheme.
Tab: A key on a computer keyboard that typically inserts a tab or moves the input focus.
Tab: Alternative letter-case form of tab (“student at Cambridge”)
KBs: High-grade marijuana.
UFD: Initialism of unique factorization domain.
UFD: Initialism of USB Flash Drive.
CTD: Initialism of carboxyl tail domain/carboxyl terminal domain.
CTD: Initialism of cumulative trauma disorder.
CTD: Initialism of conductivity, temperature, depth or abbreviation of CTD apparatus.
CTD: Initialism of crash to desktop.
TPA: Initialism of tonne(s) per annum.
TPA: Initialism of two-photon absorption.
TPA: Initialism of third-party administrator.
PUT: Acronym of parameterized unit test.
PUT: Acronym of parameterized unit testing.
PUT: Initialism of programmable unijunction transistor.
WFM: Initialism of Woman FIDE Master.
RPV: Abbreviation of rilpivirine.
RPV: Initialism of remote-person view.
RPV: Initialism of remotely piloted vehicle.
RPV: Initialism of rapid patrol vehicle.
RPV: Abbreviation of residual pressure valve.
PEA: Initialism of palmitoylethanolamide.
PEA: Initialism of pulseless electrical activity of the heart.
PEA: Initialism of preliminary ecological appraisal.
GDS: Initialism of Global Distribution System.
GDS: Initialism of Graph Dynamical System.
PMH: , Initialism of past medical history.
PMH: Initialism of past medical history.
PMH: Initialism of postmenopausal hormone.
ABP: Initialism of arterial blood pressure.
ABP: Initialism of Ananda Bazar Patrika (Indian newspaper).
CMP: Initialism of Container-Managed Persistence.
CMP: Initialism of Common-Midpoint method.
CMP: Initialism of comprehensive metabolic panel.
MTL: Abbreviation of machine translation.
SWR: Initialism of standing wave ratio.
SWR: Initialism of safe withdrawal rate.
IFC: Initialism of Internet Foundation Classes.
DLU: Abbreviation of dialog box unit.
DLU: Initialism of Digital Line Unit.
Buk: A type of self-propelled anti-aircraft missile system from the Soviet Union.
ACH: Initialism of Advanced Combat Helmet.
GCR: Initialism of Galactic Cosmic Radiation.
GCR: Initialism of Great Central Railway.
GCR: Initialism of Graduate Common Room (in certain British universities.)
NRM: Initialism of new religious movement.
NRM: Initialism of non-relapse mortality.
NRM: Initialism of natural resource management.
NRM: Initialism of National Railway Museum.
psu: Initialism of practical salinity unit.
GWT: Initialism of global workspace theory.
TLE: Initialism of time limit exceeded.; One of the verdicts used in programming contests to show that the submitted code has failed.
TLE: Initialism of transient luminous event.
ACF: Initialism of auto-collimating flat (a type of mirror)
ael: grandfather; forefather, ancestor
vly: Alternative form of vlei
oxi: cocaine paste
UIC: Unit Identification Code
UIC: International Union of Railways – from Union Internationale des Chemins de fer
HAP: Abbreviation of hospital-acquired pneumonia.
HAP: Initialism of hazardous air pollutant.
bae: Darling (term of endearment).
bae: Asian pear.
rnd: Abbreviation of round.
ndl: Abbreviation of needle.
Qtz: Abbreviation of quartz.
EOR: Short for exclusive or; XOR.
EOR: Initialism of enhanced oil recovery.
EOR: Initialism of end of rant.
EOR: Initialism of end of record.
EOR: Initialism of email open rate.
EOR: Initialism of employee-organization relationship.
EOR: Initialism of employer of record.
PTI: Initialism of Physical Training Instructor.
CCU: Initialism of cardiac/coronary care unit.
CCU: Initialism of critical care unit.
CCU: Initialism of carbon capture and utilization.
'ud: Alternative form of oud (stringed instrument)
gha: The letter Ƣ (minuscule: ƣ), formerly used in the Latin orthographies of various (mostly Turkic) languages, and usually representing a voiced velar fricative.
LCT: A gene responsible for encoding lactase; mutations in this gene are responsible for adults' ability to digest lactose.
LCT: Abbreviation of lactase.
LCT: Initialism of landing craft tank.
LCT: Initialism of limit comparison test.
NGF: Initialism of nerve growth factor: a neurotrophic factor and neuropeptide involved in the growth of peripheral nerve cells.
waz: Alternative form of wazz (“act of urination”)
ac.: Abbreviation of acre.
a-c: Initialism of alternating current.
OQR: Initialism of Officer Qualification Record.
EFV: Initialism of Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle.
EFV: Abbreviation of efavirenz.
FGM: Initialism of female genital mutilation.
DFC: Initialism of Distinguished Flying Cross.
CQB: Initialism of close-quarters battle.
CNO: Initialism of Chief of Naval Operations.
LOA: Initialism of leave of absence.
LOA: Initialism of letter of appreciation.
CMC: Initialism of Commandant of the Marine Corps.
CMC: Initialism of computer-mediated communication.
CMC: Initialism of complement mediated cytotoxicity.
CMC: Initialism of Central Military Commission.
CMC: Initialism of carboxymethylcellulose.
AAV: Initialism of Assault Amphibious Vehicle.
AAV: Abbreviation of adeno-associated virus.
AAV: Abbreviation of air admittance vent.
OSD: Initialism of on-screen display.
UUV: Initialism of Unmanned Underwater Vehicle.
WHS: Initialism of World Heritage Site.
WHS: Initialism of workplace health and safety.
WHS: Initialism of wobbly hedgehog syndrome.
PFT: Initialism of physical fitness test.
CVN: nuclear-powered aircraft carrier
SGM: Sergeant major.
SGM: Initialism of spherical grating monochromator.
SGM: Sexual and gender minority/minorities, i.e. non-heterosexual and/or non-cisgender person(s). (Also used attributively.)
PTS: Initialism of pay to surf: a business model where users are paid for viewing advertisements while browsing the World Wide Web
PTS: Plavayushchij Transportyer - Sryednyj: a Soviet tracked amphibious transport vehicle
SMA: Initialism of Sergeant Major of the Army.
SMA: Initialism of supplementary motor area.
SMA: Initialism of superior mesenteric artery.
SMA: Initialism of spinal muscular atrophy.
SMA: Initialism of standard metropolitan area.
CNR: Initialism of Combat-net radio.
MEU: Acronym of marine expeditionary unit.
EIB: Initialism of Expert Infantryman Badge.
EIB: Initialism of exercise-induced bronchoconstriction (or bronchospasm).
HSM: Initialism of Humanitarian Service Medal.
HSM: Initialism of hardware security module.
ACU: Initialism of accessory commercial unit.
ACU: Initialism of Army Combat Uniform.
ACU: Initialism of Assault Craft Unit.
FMF: Initialism of familial Mediterranean fever.
FMF: Initialism of female male female. A sexual act between two females and one male
LCE: Initialism of Load-Carrying Equipment.
DCU: Initialism of Desert Camouflage Uniform.
MSC: Initialism of Mesenchymal stem cell.
MSC: Initialism of Most Significant Carrier, a method used by some airlines to determine the baggage allowance of a multi-carrier air ticket.
NVD: Initialism of Night Vision Device.
NVG: Initialism of night vision goggles.
BAS: Initialism of basic allowance for subsistence.
BAS: Initialism of Bachelor of Applied Science.
TSP: Initialism of travelling salesman problem.
TSP: Initialism of textured soy protein (“textured vegetable protein”).
SMZ: Initialism of sulfamethoxazole.
KSS: Initialism of Kearns-Sayre syndrome.
VAE: Initialism of variational autoencoder.
1-C: A selective service class denoting that the registrant is already a member of the armed forces or also the NOAA or the Public Health Service.
1-A: A selective service class denoting that the registrant is available for service in the military
1-H: A selective service class denoting that the registrant is not currently subject to induction processing.
1/O: First Officer.
1FR: Abbreviation of one-party flat rate.
0-G: Abbreviation of zero microgravity.
0-G: Abbreviation of zero gravity.
1LT: Abbreviation of first lieutenant.
1MR: Initialism of one-party message rate.
1MM: Initialism of one megabyte modem.
1GL: Initialism of first-generation language, i.e. machine language.
1-G: Initialism of normal gravity., as in 1X gravity.
1-D: A selective service class denoting that the registrant is already a reserve member of the armed forces or a student taking military training, as in ROTC or an accepted aviation cadet applicant.
1BH: Initialism of one-base hit.
BLV: Initialism of bovine leukemia virus.
HBP: Initialism of hit-by-pitch.
BMV: Brome mosaic virus
RLV: Initialism of reusable launch vehicle.
arb: The act of or potential for arbitrage.
arb: One who engages in arbitrage; an arbitrageur.
arb: An arboretum.
6mo: Sexto, sixmo.
6to: Sixmo, sexto.
erw: A medieval Welsh unit of surface area equal to 11664 sq ft, or about ¼ acre.
CLT: Initialism of cross-laminated timber.
CLT: Initialism of Communicative Language Teaching.
CLT: Initialism of community land trust.
¼ h: Abbreviation of quarter-hard (reference to alloy strength, as in between dead soft and half hard).
RNR: ribonucleotide reductase
WIT: Initialism of waterfowl identification test.
HCA: Initialism of home care assistant.
R/T: Radiotelephone; radiotelegraph.
QTE: Initialism of quick time event.
A1C: Abbreviation of airman 1st class.
A1C: Ellipsis of hemoglobin A1C (“glycated hemoglobin”).
A1C: Ellipsis of A1C receptor (“alpha-1C adrenergic receptor”)..
A-2: Fokker A-2 air ambulance that did not see production.
A-2: Intelligence section of an air force staff.
A-2: Intelligence officer on an air force staff.
A-7: Corsair single engine light attack bomber.
A2C: Airman second class
A-6: Intruder twin engine low-altitude attack aircraft.
A-6: Communications section of an Air Force staff.
A3C: Airman third class
A-5: The planning section of an Air Force staff.
A-5: Vigilante supersonic attack aircraft.
A-3: Air operations and training officer.
A-3: Operations and training section of an Air Force staff.
A-3: Sky warrior twin engine all weather attack aircraft.
A-4: Skyhawk single engine attack aircraft.
A-4: Air material and supply officer.
A-4: Material and supply section of an Air Force staff.
a/a: Initialism of antiaircraft.
A/A: Initialism of agnostics/atheists.
DoF: Alternative form of DOF (In the sense Degree(s) of Freedom.)
AAB: Initialism of army air base.
AAB: Initialism of army artillery board.
AAB: Initialism of anti-aircraft battery.
SFY: Initialism of state fiscal year.
bbq: Alternative letter-case form of BBQ.
loz: Alternative form of los
HIT: Acronym of high-intensity interval training.
HIT: Acronym of high-intensity training.
HIT: Abbreviation of hyperspectral imaging technique. or Abbreviation of hyper-spectral imaging technique.
HIT: Acronym of human intelligence task.
HIT: Abbreviation of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
HIT: Abbreviation of herd immunity threshold.
LEP: Initialism of local enterprise partnership.
LEP: Initialism of limited English proficient.
HNA: Initialism of hexitol nucleic acid.
HNA: Initialism of hydrohexitol nucleic acid.
HNA: Initialism of anhydrohexitol nucleic acid.
HNA: Initialism of hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy.
REE: Initialism of rare earth element.
VTA: Initialism of ventral tegmental area.
DRN: Initialism of dorsal raphe nucleus.
APK: An APK file, or an Android app distributed via APK files.
NCX: Initialism of navigation control for XML applications.
SRI: Abbreviation of socially responsible investment.
REA: Initialism of request for an equitable adjustment. In contracting with government entities in the United States, used to indicate that compensation is sought for unexpected costs arising in the fulfillment of a contract.
REA: Initialism of real estate agent.
JAR: Initialism of Java archive.
AVO: apprehended violence order, a court order used to protect someone from violence or harassment.
AVO: amplitude variation with offset.
DVO: Initialism of domestic violence order: a court order to prevent another person harassing or threatening another person, especially a current or former partner or spouse.
K/S: Fan fiction where the characters James T. Kirk and Spock from the science fiction media franchise Star Trek are shown in a homosexual relationship.
MoD: Abbreviation of ministry of defence. (not restricted to the British Ministry of War)
MID: Initialism of mobile information device.
MID: Initialism of militarized international (or interstate) dispute.
HPP: Initialism of high pressure processing.
HPP: Initialism of hypophosphatasia.
DMR: Abbreviation of designated marksman rifle.
DMR: Abbreviation of Department of Main Roads.
Saw: A Bahamian.
UHC: Initialism of Universal Hejric Calendar.
SHS: Initialism of second-hand smoke.
BGH: Initialism of bovine growth hormone.
mfr: Abbreviation of manufacturer.
AGA: An AGA cooker.
GSR: Initialism of gunshot residue.
YOB: Initialism of year of birth.
LBL: Initialism of laminated bamboo lumber., a type of engineered dimensional lumber board, composed of laminated bamboo
sqr: Abbreviation of square root.
sqr: Abbreviation of square.
cv.: Abbreviation of cultivar.
cv.: Abbreviation of convariety.
PDP: Initialism of positive displacement pump.
PDP: Initialism of plasma display panel.
PDP: Abbreviation of pedophile.
ALJ: Initialism of administrative law judge.
Am.: Abbreviation of America.
Am.: Abbreviation of American.
lwa: Alternative form of loa
Ry.: Abbreviation of railway.
Nw.: Abbreviation of northwest.
Ne.: Abbreviation of northeast.
Se.: Abbreviation of southeast.
Sw.: Abbreviation of southwest.
Op.: Opus.
Op.: Abbreviation of opinion.
MGS: Abbreviation of microwave-generated steam.
2GL: Initialism of second-generation language, i.e. assembly language.
VDC: Initialism of volt of direct current.
5GL: Initialism of fifth-generation language: a high-level, constraint-based programming language (e.g. Prolog).
3GL: Initialism of third-generation language.
4GL: Initialism of fourth-generation language, characterized by having its own operating environment (e.g., Foxpro, Mathematica, AMPL).
Eq.: Abbreviation of equation.
Eq.: Abbreviation of equity.
bk.: Abbreviation of book.
cl.: Abbreviation of clause.
No.: Abbreviation of number.
KSH: Kenyan shilling
KSH: Korn shell
ll.: Abbreviation of lines.
nn.: Abbreviation of notes.
nn.: Abbreviation of footnotes.
ms.: Abbreviation of manuscript.
ONT: Initialism of ortho-nitrotoluene.
ONT: Initialism of optical network terminal, a modem used to terminate a fiber optic line.
ART: Abbreviation of assisted reproductive technology.
ART: Abbreviation of Androgen Replacement Therapy.
ART: Abbreviation of Active Release Technique.
ART: Abbreviation of Adaptive resonance theory.
ART: Abbreviation of Algebraic Reconstruction Technique.
ART: Abbreviation of Alternative Risk Transfer.
ART: Abbreviation of acoustic resonance technology.
ART: Abbreviation of anti-retroviral therapy.
JJ.: Alternative form of JJ (“abbreviation of judges or justices”); plural of J.
DBN: Initialism of deep belief network.
EDL: Abbreviation of entry, descent, landing. (a phase of planetfall)
uck: Alternative form of suck (in the particular sense of fellatio)
ccm: Abbreviation of cubic centimeter.
ITS: Initialism of issue tracking system.
ITS: Initialism of intelligent transportation system.
h/c: Initialism of hurt/comfort.
Þor: Alternative spelling of Thor
OFC: Acronym of original female character.. A female original character.
OFC: Abbreviation of officer.
OFC: Initialism of oxygen-free copper.
OFC: Initialism of orbitofrontal cortex.
RPF: Initialism of real person fiction.
UST: Initialism of unresolved sexual tension.
UST: Initialism of uniform spanning tree.
UST: Acronym of unofficial soundtrack.
poe: Alternative form of po (“chamberpot”)
poe: moon blocks.
NMC: Initialism of nickel-manganese-cobalt. (a type of lithium cell chemistry)
enc: Abbreviation of enclosure. (indicating that a letter is accompanied by further material)
56k: An Internet connection nominally capable of download speeds up to 56 kbit/s (56,000 bits per second).
AFM: Initialism of atomic force microscopy.
AFM: Initialism of atomic force microscope.
AFM: Abbreviation of acute flaccid myelitis.
FWH: Initialism of feedwater heater.
hse: Abbreviation of house.
HCV: Initialism of hepatitis C virus.
HCV: Initialism of high catalogue value.
PVX: Initialism of Potato virus X.
qop: Alternative spelling of qoph
fup: Abbreviation of follow-up.
RCW: Initialism of Runtime Callable Wrapper.
NTU: Initialism of nephelometric turbidity unit.
ODD: Initialism of oppositional defiant disorder.
ODD: Initialism of optical disc drive.
PSC: Initialism of primary sclerosing cholangitis.
CKD: Initialism of chronic kidney disease.
CKD: Initialism of complete knockdown.
VAN: Abbreviation of value-added network.
IOI: Initialism of indicator of interest.
IOI: Initialism of indication of interest: a buyer's non-binding interest in buying a security
DHV: Demonstrate higher value / demonstration of higher value.
ps.: Abbreviation of present.
Lit: Abbreviation of literature.
VPA: Initialism of visual and performing arts.
PCE: Initialism of perchloroethylene.
PCE: Initialism of power conversion efficiency.
PCE: Initialism of prenatal cocaine exposure.
CVA: Initialism of cerebrovascular accident.
CVA: Initialism of costovertebral angle.
ITO: Initialism of indium-tin-oxide (tin-doped indium oxide)
ITO: Initialism of information technology outsourcing.
ITO: Initialism of information to obtain order.; A search warrant
RUD: Initialism of rapid unplanned disassembly (an explosion or breakup)
RFS: Initialism of reason for selling.
RFS: Initialism of Rural Fire Service. (a volunteer organisation used to augment the regular service.)
RFS: Initialism of Russian Federation Ship. (a commissioned warship of the Russian navy.)
SLI: Initialism of specific language impairment.
SLI: Initialism of street-level imagery.
SLI: Initialism of service level indicator.
MSV: Initialism of maize streak virus.
LN2: Abbreviation of liquid nitrogen. (a liquid composed of the liquid phase of molecular nitrogen (N₂))
LOX: Alternative form of lox (“liquid oxygen”)
LOx: Alternative form of lox (“liquid oxygen”)
LHE: Alternative form of LHe (liquid helium)
LH2: Abbreviation of liquid hydrogen (a liquid composed of the liquid phase of molecular hydrogen (H₂))
LNE: Alternative form of LNe (liquid neon)
LAR: Alternative form of LAr (liquid argon)
LNe: Abbreviation of liquid neon (a liquid composed of the liquid phase of molecular (atomic) neon (Ne))
LHe: Abbreviation of liquid helium (a liquid composed of the liquid phase of molecular (atomic) helium (He))
LAr: Abbreviation of liquid argon (a liquid composed of the liquid phase of molecular (atomic) argon (Ar))
LO2: Abbreviation of liquid oxygen (a liquid composed of the liquid phase of molecular oxygen (O₂))
ext: exterior (describing the location of a shot in a film script, etc.)
ext: extension
BVP: Initialism of boundary value problem.
LCL: Initialism of lateral collateral ligament.
CLK: Contraction of clock.
GND: Abbreviation of ground.
PBO: Initialism of piperonylbutoxide.
PBO: Initialism of polybenzobisoxazole.
PBO: Initialism of Parliamentary Budget Officer.
PBO: Initialism of public benefit organization.
PBO: Initialism of paperback original.
PBO: Initialism of pension benefit obligation.
TAG: Initialism of tree-adjoining grammar.
TAG: Acronym of touch and go.
Mkn: Alternative form of MKN
Mkr: Alternative form of MKR
Mk.: Alternative form of Mk
MKR: Abbreviation of Markarian galaxy.
MRK: Abbreviation of Markarian galaxy.
MKN: Abbreviation of Markarian.
Mrk: Alternative form of MRK
FDI: Initialism of foreign direct investment.
kps: Initialism of kilometers per second. or Initialism of klicks per second.
PCO: Initialism of posterior capsular opacification.
EQE: Initialism of external quantum efficiency.
JJJ: Initialism of Japanese jujitsu.
LPL: Initialism of lipoprotein lipase.
GMG: Initialism of grenade machine gun.
MZM: Initialism of money with zero maturity.
waa: Alternative form of wa (“Thai unit of length”)
VOT: Initialism of voice onset time.
QEC: Initialism of quick engine change.
QEC: Initialism of quantum error correction.
CEP: Initialism of circular error probable.
P&H: Abbreviation of postage and handling.
P&H: Abbreviation of processing and handling.
MPM: Initialism of maximum permitted mileage.
MPM: Initialism of malignant pleural mesothelioma.
pcs: pieces
pog: A phrase that positively compliments something. Ex. praise.
pog: A single piece in the game of milk caps.
SBF: Initialism of single (unmarried) black female.
BDD: Initialism of binary decision diagram.
BDD: Initialism of body dysmorphic disorder.
BDD: Initialism of balancing domain decomposition.
BDD: Initialism of behavior-driven development.
BDD: Initialism of business-driven development.
DWR: Initialism of durable water repellency.
DWR: Initialism of durable water repellent.
DWR: Initialism of driving while revoked.
SHU: Acronym of security housing unit.
SHU: Acronym of special housing unit.
SHU: Initialism of Scoville heat unit.
SHU: Acronym of special handling unit.
SJF: Initialism of single (unmarried) Jewish female.
SCU: Initialism of solitary confinement unit.
UHI: Initialism of urban heat island.
Pap: Ellipsis of Pap smear.
SVQ: Initialism of Scottish Vocational Qualification.
IVM: Initialism of in vitro maturation.
PPC: Initialism of prospective parliamentary candidate: a candidate selected for a future election before the election campaign has officially begun.
PPC: Initialism of pay-per-click.
PPC: Initialism of production-possibility curve.
SSC: Initialism of super star cluster.
SSC: Initialism of skin-to-skin contact.
SSC: Initialism of spermatogonial stem cell.
wub: Love.
wub: wobble bass, a style of bass synthesizer heavily deployed by dubstep and drum and bass artists
A-T: ataxia telangiectasia
GML: Initialism of gradient multilayer nanofilm.
CRE: Initialism of carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae.
CRE: Initialism of cutaneous rabbit effect.
fwy: Abbreviation of freeway.
EVF: Initialism of electronic viewfinder.
LMR: Initialism of last-minute resistance.
BME: Initialism of biomedical engineering.
BME: Initialism of bone marrow examination.
BME: Initialism of black and minority ethnic.
BME: 2-Mercaptoethanol.
GPR: Initialism of ground-penetrating radar.
MMB: Initialism of modular multiplication-based block cipher.
Ol.: Abbreviation of Olympiad.
AOX: Abbreviation of adsorbable organohalides.
AOX: Abbreviation of antioxidant.
AOX: Abbreviation of alternative oxidase.
PGS: Initialism of parallel giant slalom.
PGS: Initialism of prompt global strike.
PSL: Initialism of parallel slalom.
PSL: Initialism of preferred supplier list.
PSL: Initialism of pumpkin spice latte (“coffee drink made with a mix of fall spice flavors”).
PSL: Initialism of professional support lawyer.
epi: A syringe or autoinjector filled with epinephrine, most frequently used for the treatment of acute allergic reactions to avoid or treat the onset of anaphylactic shock.
epi: epinephrine
epi: Abbreviation of epimorphism.
epi: Abbreviation of epidural.
epi: Abbreviation of episiotomy.
AQI: Initialism of air quality index.
MEM: Initialism of Master of Engineering Management.
MEM: Initialism of Master of Environmental Management.
MEM: Abbreviation of 2 and 5-Dimethoxy-4-ethoxyamphetamine.
MEM: Abbreviation of β-Methoxyethoxymethyl ether, a protecting group in chemistry.
MEM: Initialism of monocular estimate method.
MEM: Initialism of model exercise mode.
faq: Alternative letter-case form of FAQ
svc: Abbreviation of service.
HRC: Abbreviation of hardness on Rockwell scale C.
Oso: A supporter of the Bear Flag revolt in California.
PUA: Initialism of pickup artist.
PUA: Initialism of potentially unwanted application.
PUA: Initialism of Private Use Area (the ranges of Unicode code points reserved for private use).
GSD: Initialism of German shepherd dog.
GSD: Initialism of Gender and Sexual Diversity.
eba: A stiff dough made by soaking garri in hot water and kneading it with a baton.
CLA: Initialism of conjugated linoleic acid.
exx: Abbreviation of executrix.
MVA: Initialism of motor vehicle accident.
MVA: Initialism of minimum vectoring altitude.
MVA: Initialism of malignant ventricular arrhythmia.
MVA: Initialism of mechanical ventricular assistance.
MVA: Initialism of mevalonic acid.
MVA: Initialism of microvillous atrophy.
MVA: Initialism of minimum visual angle.
MVA: Initialism of mitral valve annuloplasty.
MVA: Initialism of mitral valve area.
yoi: A preparatory position in karate, with the arms slightly forward, elbows slightly bent, and fists closed.
VSG: variable surface glycoprotein
ECP: Initialism of emergency contraceptive pill.
ECP: Initialism of eosinophil cationic protein.
ECP: Initialism of eyecare professional.
LVD: Initialism of low voltage differential.
HVD: Initialism of high voltage differential.
HVD: Initialism of high-value detainee.
HVD: Initialism of hosted virtual desktop.
UJT: Initialism of unijunction transistor.
MOH: Initialism of Medal of Honor.
MOH: Initialism of maid of honour (“chief bridesmaid”).
HGA: Initialism of holy guardian angel.
HGA: human granulocytic anaplasmosis
stf: Abbreviation of scientifiction.
P2G: Initialism of power to gas. (a method of storing generated power, usually by electrolyzing water into hydrogen and oxygen, and carbonizing the hydrogen into methane)
DFI: Initialism of direct fuel injection.
DRL: Initialism of daytime running lights, headlights that cannot be turned off, intended to make cars more visible during the day
DRL: Initialism of deep reinforcement learning.
ERS: Acronym of energy recovery system: an electric generation, storage, and propulsion system used in Formula One, which generates electricity by scavenging excess power and energy, stores energy in batteries, and boosts acceleration with electric motors assisting the gasoline engine.
GTi: Initialism of Grand Tourer Injection.
Joo: Deliberate misspelling of Jew.
UHD: Initialism of ultra-high definition (“3840×2160 (4K), 7680×4320 (8K), 15360 × 8640 (16K)”).
TLR: Initialism of toll-like receptor.
ajr: hasanat
OCT: Initialism of optical coherence tomography: an optical signal acquisition and processing method that captures high-resolution three-dimensional images from biological tissues.
Ori: An individual's spiritual intuition and destiny, according to Yoruba beliefs.
'og: Nonstandard spelling of hog, particularly in its slang sense of shilling.
Sao: Any marine annelid of the genus Hyalinoecia, especially Hyalinoecia tubicola of Europe, which inhabits a transparent movable tube resembling a quill in color and texture.
ogo: ogonori
IIT: Abbreviation of Indian Institute of Technology.
wuk: Pronunciation spelling of work, representing African-American Vernacular English. (AAVE)
juz: Any of thirty parts of varying length into which the Qur'an is sometimes divided.
IE.: Alternative form of IE
Clo: Abbreviation of close. (in street addresses)
OOO: Initialism of object-oriented ontology.
BS.: Abbreviation of Balto-Slavic.
WKF: A famous member of fandom; a celebrity fan.
UGC: Initialism of user-generated content.
mvt: Abbreviation of movement.
NFD: Initialism of Normalization Form: (Canonical) Decomposition.
azz: ass; backside
Wii: A video game system released worldwide by Nintendo in 2006, noted for its unique motion-based control system.
CLE: Continuing Legal Education, the professional education of lawyers that takes place after their initial admission to the bar.
CLE: Initialism of cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
K&R: Initialism of kidnap and ransom.
MET: Initialism of metabolic equivalent of task, a measure of the intensity of aerobic exercise.
MET: Abbreviation of methylethyltryptamine, a hallucinogenic tryptamine.
MET: Abbreviation of methionine, an essential nonpolar amino acid.
MET: The gene symbol for C-Met, a proto-oncogene in human biology.
MET: Initialism of mesenchymal–epithelial transition.
MET: Initialism of motivational enhancement therapy, used in treatment of drug abuse and mental illness to help people in denial accept treatment.
MET: Initialism of muscle energy technique, a neuromuscular protocol used in osteopathy, physical therapy, and massage therapy.
MET: Initialism of Mission Elapsed Time.
MET: Initialism of Modular Equipment Transporter, a two-wheeled handcart used on the Apollo 14 manned mission to the Moon.
TAI: Short for trifluoromethylaminoindane.
TAI: Initialism of technical analysis indicator.
A&P: Initialism of anatomy and physiology.
A&P: Initialism of airframe and powerplant.
A&P: An FAA aircraft maintenance qualification
A&P: Initialism of airframe and powerplant.
A&P: An FAA licensed airplane mechanic or engineer
RBC: Initialism of red blood cell.
RBC: Initialism of radio block centre (integral part of ETCS and the GSM-R communications).
LoC: Correspondence, usually a letter, sent to a periodical commenting on either the contents of a previous issue or an earlier letter of comment.
LoC: Initialism of lines of code.
urf: The customs of an Arab society, used in jurisprudence when the Qur'an and Sunnah do not mandate a ruling.
ODM: Initialism of Original Design Manufacturer (a company that designs and manufactures a product that will be rebranded for sale by another company.)
ODM: Initialism of OpenDocument Master (a computer file type)
ODM: Initialism of OverDrive Media (a computer file type)
n/t: no text; used as the body of a forum message where the title contains all that the poster wishes to say
ckt: Abbreviation of cocktail.
SJW: Initialism of social justice warrior.
SJW: Initialism of St John's wort.
Sac: Alternative form of Sauk
rpd: Initialism of relative pointwise distance.
DVB: Initialism of Digital Video Broadcasting.
DVB: Initialism of divinylbenzene.
yeg: Alternative form of yegg
GPI: Initialism of general paresis of the insane.
GPI: Initialism of general paralysis of the insane.
GPI: Initialism of genuine progress indicator.
GPI: Acronym of glycosylphosphatidylinositol.
MRL: Initialism of multiple rocket launcher.
HEA: Initialism of high-entropy alloy.
HEA: Initialism of happily ever after.
rUK: The rest of the UK not including Scotland (after proposed devolution in 2014)
DMD: Initialism of doctor of dental medicine.
DMD: Initialism of Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
GCD: Alternative letter-case form of gcd
HCF: Initialism of highest common factor.
GCF: Initialism of greatest common factor.
GCF: Gender-critical (trans-exclusionary) feminist; an adherent of gender-critical feminism.
FCD: Initialism of floating car data (“a method to determine the traffic speed on a road network”).
FCD: Initialism of feline cognitive dysfunction.
ETC: Acronym of electron transport chain.
ETC: Acronym of Exchange-Traded Commodity.
ETC: Acronym of Electronic Toll Collection (system to eliminate delays on toll roads by collecting them electronically)
MOM: Initialism of message-oriented middleware (hardware or software infrastructure supporting sending and receiving of messages between distributed systems.)
MOM: Initialism of motive, opportunity, means (“factors to consider in investigating a crime”).
NDN: Initialism of next-door neighbour.
NDN: Native American; Indian.
BOR: Initialism of board of review.
RBM: Initialism of restricted Boltzmann machine.
RBM: Initialism of results-based management.
EDD: Acronym of enhanced due diligence.
EDD: Acronym of element definition document (a file format for Adobe FrameMaker).
EDD: Acronym of estimated delivery date.
EDD: Acronym of expected date of delivery.
EDD: Acronym of electronic device description.
EDD: Acronym of electrostatic detection device.
EDD: Acronym of enhanced disc drive.
EDD: Acronym of enterprise data distribution.
EDD: Acronym of electronic direct democracy.
OJT: Initialism of on-the-job training.
fmz: Fanzine.
Bn.: Abbreviation of bassoon.
Hn.: Abbreviation of French horn.
Ob.: Abbreviation of oboe.
ob.: Oboe(s).
Vl.: Abbreviation of violin.
Vn.: Abbreviation of violin.
Fl.: Abbreviation of flute.
gsg: Abbreviation of genitive singular.
VLS: Initialism of vertical launching system.
AIB: Initialism of accident(s) investigation(s) board/bureau/branch.
PNF: Initialism of proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation: applied to a set of stretching techniques commonly used in clinical environments to enhance the patient's range of motion
LPR: Abbreviation of license plate recognition.
LPR: Abbreviation of line printer.
LPR: Abbreviation of lawful permanent resident.
GOH: Alternative letter-case form of GoH
GoH: A person invited to attend a convention, in recognition of their contributions to the convention's field, to give one or more speeches and attend convention events.
PIR: Initialism of property irregularity report: a form to be filled in when baggage is lost by an airline.
PIR: Initialism of passive infrared.
PIR: Abbreviation of polyisocyanurate.
DCD: Initialism of (organ) donation after cardiac/circulatory death.
DCD: Initialism of developmental coordination disorder.
DCD: Abbreviation of dicyandiamide.
DCD: Abbreviation of dermcidin.
DCD: Ellipsis of DCD gene. The gene encoding for the dermcidin protein
DCD: Abbreviation of dermcidin.
DCD: Ellipsis of DCD protein. The protein encoded by the DCD gene
125: A high-speed train (HST) powered by two British Rail Class 43s, one at each end.
JKD: Initialism of Jeet Kune Do.
SOI: Initialism of silicon on insulator.
BAL: Abbreviation of broad absorption line. / Abbreviation of broad absorption line trough.
BAL: Initialism of Bangladesh Awami League, a major political party.
NLR: Initialism of narrow-line region.
NLR: Initialism of NOD-like receptor.
A/N: author's note; a note appended to a work of fan fiction by its author, typically containing acknowledgments, background information, or content warnings.
TWT: Initialism of travelling-wave tube.
TWT: A piece of fan fiction not set in any particular time period.
pmf: Initialism of probability mass function.
pdf: Initialism of probability density function.
pdf: Alternative letter-case form of PDF (“Portable Document Format”)
ZPG: Zero population growth: a condition of demographic balance where population remains constant over time.
LFT: Initialism of liver function test.
LFT: Initialism of lateral flow test.
ECE: Initialism of electrical and computer engineering.
ECE: Initialism of early childhood education.
CQD: Initialism of colloidal quantum dot.
Pcu: Abbreviation of postcubitus.
OCN: Initialism of OCLC control number.
EVE: Abbreviation of endogenous viral element.
VSV: Initialism of variable stator vane.
VSV: Abbreviation of vesicular stomatitis virus.
BAP: Abbreviation of Black American princess.: an upper-class black woman with a spoiled or materialistic attitude.
BAP: The ship prefix for a ship from the navy of Peru
SJD: Scientiae Juridicae Doctor; Doctor of Judicial Science.
ETU: Initialism of Ebola treatment unit.
ETU: Initialism of Emergency treatment unit.
FIX: Abbreviation of factor IX. (clotting factor IX)
PPY: Abbreviation of polypyrrole.
ITF: Abbreviation of intertropical front.
ITF: Initialism of integrated test flight.
AOS: Initialism of amorphous oxide semiconductor.
IJP: Initialism of inkjet printing.
TMO: Initialism of transition metal oxide.
TMO: Initialism of television match official.
LRG: Initialism of luminous red galaxy.
BAO: Initialism of baryon acoustic oscillation.
AIP: Initialism of acute intermittent porphyria.
AIP: acoustic inkjet printing
AIP: Abbreviation of air independent propulsion. (a method of propelling submarines without access to the Earth's atmosphere while using combustion engines (internal or external combustion engines))
AIP: Abbreviation of aeronautical information publication. (a jurisdictional airspace air navigation manual of the jurisdictional authority)
RAW: Abbreviation of rules as written: the actual rules appearing in the rulebook, as opposed to house rules, or to rules that might have been intended (in the event of a mistake in the rulebook).
RAW: Initialism of read after write, a kind of data hazard.
PSS: Initialism of polystyrene sulfonate.
PSS: Misconstruction of PPS
EPD: Initialism of electrophoretic display.
eqp: Abbreviation of equipment.
YSO: Abbreviation of young stellar object.
HAV: Abbreviation of hepatitis A virus.
HAV: Abbreviation of Hallux Abductus Valgus.
HBV: Abbreviation of hepatitis B virus.
HDV: Initialism of hepatitis delta virus.
HDV: Initialism of high-definition video.
HFV: Initialism of hepatitis F virus.
HFV: Initialism of human foamy virus.
HFV: Abbreviation of high frequency ventilation.
PWI: Initialism of process window index.
HHV: Abbreviation of human herpesvirus. or Abbreviation of human herpes virus.
HHV: Abbreviation of hepatitis H virus.
HFR: Initialism of high frame rate.
R-R: Initialism of Rolls-Royce.
HEO: Initialism of highly elliptical orbit.
DRO: Abbreviation of distant retrograde orbit.
DRO: Abbreviation of digital readout.
TPD: Initialism of temperature programmed desorption.
DMF: Initialism of dimethylformamide.
DMF: Initialism of dimethylfuran.
DMF: Initialism of distribution media format.
mgf: Initialism of moment-generating function.
NHZ: Initialism of nominal hazard zone.
MPE: Initialism of maximum permissible exposure.
FGC: Initialism of female genital cutting.
FGC: Initialism of fighting game community.
jkt: Abbreviation of jacket.
PDO: Abbreviation of Pacific decadal oscillation.
PDO: Initialism of Persistent Data Object (data object not lost when the application exits)
PDO: Initialism of Persistent Domain Object (domain object not lost when the application exits)
PDO: Initialism of PHP Data Object (a PHP extension to be used as a database abstraction layer)
PDO: Initialism of Physical Device Object.
PDO: Initialism of Python Data Object.
PDO: Initialism of Protected Designation of Origin.
EFS: Initialism of event-free survival.
EFS: Initialism of emergency fire service.
QOR: Initialism of quality of results.
BUC: Abbreviation of block upconverter.
MNO: Initialism of mobile network operator.
MNO: Initialism of multinational organization.
UTR: Initialism of unique taxpayer reference.
UTR: Initialism of untranslated region.
BOG: Initialism of boots on the ground.
pc.: Alternative form of pc (piece)
ZOI: Initialism of Zero One Infinity. (a rule of thumb in software suggesting that arbitrary limits on the number of entity instances are not allowed)
XRR: Initialism of X-ray reflectivity.
NIL: Initialism of nanoimprint lithography.
NIL: Initialism of name, image, and likeness.
Raj: A system of government where authority is exercised by a specific group.
LRT: Initialism of light rail transit, light rapid transit, light rapid transport, light rail transport.
LRT: Initialism of last retweet.
LyC: Abbreviation of Lyman continuum.
LyC: Abbreviation of Lyman continuum photon.
Lyc: Abbreviation of Lycaste. (a type of orchid)
Lyc: Alternative spelling of LyC (Lyman continuum)
Lyc: Alternative spelling of LyC (Lyman continuum photon)
BEV: Initialism of battery electric vehicle.
SCF: Initialism of self-consistent field.
DPE: Initialism of deprotonation energy.
BDE: Initialism of bond dissociation energy.
BDE: Initialism of big dick energy.
BDE: Initialism of big dyke energy.
BDE: Initialism of baruch dayan emet ("blessed is the true judge"; said when hearing about a death).
RSE: Initialism of ring strain energy.
RSE: Initialism of relationships and sex education.
sXe: straight edge (lifestyle and subculture).
PVS: Abbreviation of persistent vegetative state.
PVS: Abbreviation of prisoner visitation and support.: a prison visitation program in US federal and military prisons
PVS: Abbreviation of Plummer-Vinson syndrome.
PVS: Initialism of polyvinylsiloxane.
PVS: Abbreviation of potentially visible set.
PVS: Abbreviation of personal viewing sight.: a night-vision device
PVS: Abbreviation of post-viral syndrome.
REB: electronic warfare and related techniques, equipment, or troops.
ASI: Initialism of automatic semicolon insertion.
ASI: Initialism of artificial superintelligence.
ASI: Initialism of anti-suit injunction.
ADE: Initialism of adverse drug effect.
ADE: Initialism of antibody-dependent enhancement.
ADE: Initialism of Australian disability enterprise (“a form of sheltered workshop”).
AGI: Initialism of artificial general intelligence.
AGI: Initialism of adjusted gross income.
AGI: Initialism of agility point.
AGI: Initialism of auxiliary gathering intelligence.
sGP: Abbreviation of secreted glycoprotein.
TRL: Initialism of technology readiness level.
POG: Acronym of personalized oncogenomics.
POG: Acronym of person other than grunt: a member of military staff other than infantry.
POG: Alternative form of pog (“milk cap”): Acronym of passion fruit, orange, guava.
MFS: myxofibrosarcoma
MSS: Initialism of Mars soil simulant.
HSD: Abbreviation of hyperspectral data.
HSD: Abbreviation of High School Diploma.
PCW: Initialism of polycrystalline wool.
PCW: Initialism of postconception weeks.
CMU: Initialism of concrete masonry unit.
CMU: Initialism of Carnegie Mellon University.
RBF: Abbreviation of rat-bite fever.
RBF: Abbreviation of radial basis function., a type of equation used to approximate a vector field, used in neural networks.
RBF: Abbreviation of resting bitch face.
NAC: Initialism of network access control.
NAC: Abbreviation of N-acetylcysteine.
NAC: Abbreviation of N-acetylcarnosine.
V/A: Initialism of various artists.
LBM: Initialism of little brown mushroom: any of a large number of small, dull-coloured agaric species that are difficult to tell apart.
LBM: Initialism of long bone metastases.
LBM: Initialism of lattice Boltzmann method.
LBM: Initialism of loose bowel movement: diarrhea.
NAE: Initialism of N-acyl-ethanolamine.
SID: Abbreviation of security identifier.
SID: Sound Interface Device, a sound chip used in some early computers.
SID: Initialism of standard instrument departure.
RPI: Initialism of Retail Price Index.
MFN: Initialism of most favored nation.
UAC: Initialism of unaccompanied alien child: a child sent to cross an international border without a formal adult guardian.
dkg: decagram; Abbreviation of dekagram.; Alternative form of dag; A unit of mass of 10 grammes.
Nep: Nepali
EFC: Abbreviation of electric flower car.
1OT: Abbreviation of first overtime period.
2OT: Abbreviation of second overtime period.
3OT: Abbreviation of third overtime period.
MRW: Initialism of maximum ramp weight.
AGJ: Abbreviation of annular gap junction.
R2R: Abbreviation of roll-to-roll processing.
R2R: Abbreviation of reel-to-reel processing.
EBD: Initialism of emotional and behavioral disorder.
PAS: Initialism of parental alienation syndrome.
PAS: Initialism of physician-assisted suicide.
WBW: Abbreviation of womyn-born-womyn: woman-born-woman.
ORS: Initialism of oral rehydration solution.
ORS: Initialism of olfactory reference syndrome.
HPT: Initialism of health protection team.
FBW: Initialism of fly-by-wire.
ACG: Initialism of anime, comics and games: a Chinese subculture that revolves around anime, manga, and Japanese video games.
ACG: Initialism of angle closure glaucoma.
NCC: nanocrystalline cellulose
NCC: Initialism of non-compete clause.
CNN: Initialism of convolutional neural network.
FCV: Feline calicivirus.
FCV: Flow control valve.
FCV: Initialism of fuel cell vehicle.
FCV: Famciclovir.
RBD: Initialism of receptor-binding domain.
RBD: Initialism of reservation booking designator.
ETF: Initialism of exchange-traded fund.
EGM: Initialism of extraordinary general meeting.
EGM: Abbreviation of extragalactic medium.
AZO: Initialism of aluminum-doped zinc oxide.
m80: Informal form of matey.
CFI: certificated flight instructor
CFI: chief flying instructor
EDG: Initialism of electron-donating group.
AWP: Initialism of aerial work platform.
AWP: Arctic Warfare Police, a variant of sniper rifle produced by Accuracy International
EWP: Initialism of elevating work platform.
rxn: Abbreviation of reaction.
EBL: Abbreviation of extragalactic background light.
EDS: Initialism of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
EDS: Initialism of excessive daytime sleepiness.
FiT: Initialism of feed-in tariff.
ITB: Initialism of iliotibial band.
ITB: Abbreviation of integrated tug and barge.
ITB: Abbreviation of individual throttle body: an engine configuration with a intake valve per cylinder.
WPB: Initialism of wastepaper basket.
dwg: Abbreviation of drawing.
dwg: A vector drawing file generated with AutoCAD.
gup: Gossip or rumor; nonsensical or silly talk; blather.
gup: An elected head of a gewog in Bhutan.
SAA: Single Action Army. The US Army's classification for the Colt M1873 "Peacemaker" revolver, their standard revolver from 1873 to 1892.
SAA: Small Arms Ammunition. The British armed forces term for ammunition used in sidearms and rifles. The acronym was used in 20th century manuals as an abbreviation.
HLA: Abbreviation of human leukocyte antigen.
HCG: Abbreviation of Hickson compact group.
HCG: Abbreviation of HLA complex group. (human leukocyte antigen complex group)
HCG: Abbreviation of human chorionic gonadotropin.
TIJ: Initialism of thermal inkjet.
CIJ: Initialism of continuous inkjet.
NVE: Initialism of new variety of English.
sqm: Abbreviation of square metre.
DAS: Acronym of diacetoxyscirpenol.
DAS: Acronym of data acquisition system.
DAS: Acronym of defensive aids system.
DAS: Acronym of disease activity score.
pfu: Abbreviation of particle flux unit.
pfu: Abbreviation of plaque-forming unit.
TBI: Initialism of traumatic brain injury.
TBI: Initialism of throttle body injection. (fuel injection)
OFA: Abbreviation of order for arrest.
TTG: Initialism of tonalite-trondhjemite-granodiorite.
PBC: Initialism of primary biliary cholangitis.
PBC: Initialism of primary biliary cirrhosis.
PEO: Initialism of polyethylene oxide.
PEO: Initialism of professional employer organization.
PEO: Initialism of parking enforcement officer.
oi!: Synonym of oi (a genre of British punk rock)
MCU: Initialism of microcontroller unit.
MCU: Initialism of multipoint control unit.
MCU: Initialism of memory controller unit.
MCU: Initialism of master control unit.
MCU: Initialism of main control unit.
MCU: Initialism of multi-cervical unit.
FTM: Abbreviation of first-time mom/mother/mum.
FTM: An FTM person.
FTM: Initialism of freedom to marry (marriage equality).
Bks: Abbreviation of barracks.
TUE: Initialism of therapeutic use exemption.
moh: Attachment to the transient material world, which hinders the soul's search for its ultimate goal and is therefore one of the Five Evils.
BTC: Abbreviation of betacellulin.
CMD: Initialism of computer-mediated discourse.
abv: Alternative letter-case form of ABV (“alcohol by volume”).
jwé: A type of traditional Saint Lucian music.
TBL: Initialism of Team-based learning.
TBL: Initialism of tall building lawyer (“a lawyer who works for a law firm (often a BigLaw firm) that serves large corporations and wealthy individuals”).
MIL: Initialism of mother-in-law.
MIL: Abbreviation of malfunction indicator lamp.
JOI: Initialism of jerk-off instructions: written or recorded instructions directing someone to masturbate.
JOI: Initialism of Jupiter orbital insertion.
HDA: Initialism of higher-dimensional algebra.
HDA: Initialism of helicase dependent amplification.
HDA: Initialism of high-density amorphous ice.
HDA: Abbreviation of hot-dip aluminization.
GRX: GPRS roaming exchange
kpc: Abbreviation of kiloparsec.
hdr: Abbreviation of header.
PQQ: Abbreviation of pyrroloquinolinequinone.
ITE: Initialism of information technology equipment.
ITE: Initialism of Institute of Technical Education.
ITE: An in the ear hearing aid.
PCG: Abbreviation of phonocardiogram.
PCG: Abbreviation of procedural content generation.
HAT: Initialism of highest astronomical tide.
HAT: Initialism of human African trypanosomiasis.
HAT: Initialism of hardware attached on top: a kind of expansion board for the Raspberry Pi computer
SOG: Initialism of speed over ground.
SOG: Acronym of special operations group.
SOG: Abbreviation of singlet-oxygen generator.
VIB: Initialism of Virtual Instrumentation Bean.
GFW: Initialism of Great Firewall of China.
DMH: Initialism of domestic medium-haired.
DMH: Abbreviation of dimethylhydrazine.
DMH: Abbreviation of dimethylhydantoin.
PBZ: Abbreviation of paclobutrazol.
C86: A genre of British rock music most prominent in the late eighties and early nineties, with a lo-fi aesthetic, unconventional instrumentation and romantic lyrics.
req: Abbreviation of request.
KAM: Initialism of key account manager, an account manager with overall responsibility for a customer relationship.
UAF: Initialism of unidirectional air flow.
UAF: Initialism of universal access fund.
UAF: Initialism of university-affiliated facility.
UAF: Initialism of use after free: a class of software vulnerability where memory is erroneously used again after being deallocated.
dmg: Abbreviation of damage.
BF%: body fat percentage
NVC: Initialism of non-verbal communication.
NVC: Initialism of non-violent communication.
Nuo: folk ritual practices found in parts in China, revolving around the worship of gods represented by wooden masks and idols.
MLG: Initialism of main landing gear.
miR: Abbreviation of microRNA.
ZAD: A militant open-air demonstration in the form of a defended squat.
RTN: Initialism of retrotrapezoid nucleus.
RTN: Initialism of random telegraph noise.
ULD: Initialism of unit load device: a standardised pallet or container, used primarily for air freight.
ULD: Initialism of upper limb disorder, pain or discomfort in the fingers, hands, wrists, arms, shoulders, or neck.
VSC: Initialism of virtual safety car.
VSC: Abbreviation of volatile sulphur/sulfur compound.
YIG: Abbreviation of yttrium iron garnet. (a compound composed of yttrium, iron, garnet, which is mineral magnetic insulator)
CνB: Abbreviation of cosmic neutrino background.
AOE: Initialism of axis of evil.
AOE: Initialism of area of effect (of an attack spell, etc.)
AOE: A weapon, item or ability that affects an area or multiple entities instead of one target.
HIA: Initialism of health impact assessment.
HIA: Initialism of head injury assessment.
LNT: Initialism of lean nitrogen oxide trap.
Uru: A member of an indigenous people of Peru and Bolivia.
PUO: Pyrexia of unknown origin.
PLF: Initialism of parachute landing fall.
CIB: Initialism of cosmic infrared background.
yur: Pronunciation spelling of year.
OCH: 6-oxocamphor hydrolase
d/o: Initialism of daughter of.
RIS: Abbreviation of rail interface system.
RIS: Abbreviation of radiological information system.
ORT: Initialism of oral rehydration therapy.
SRE: Initialism of sex and relationship education.
SRE: Initialism of site reliability engineering.
SRE: Initialism of site reliability engineer.
NTO: Abbreviation of nitrogen tetroxide. (dinitrogen tetroxide, N₂O₄)
TMH: Abbreviation of trimethylhydrazine.
TMH: Abbreviation of trimethylhydrazine hydrochloride.
MPB: Initialism of muscle protein breakdown.
MPB: Initialism of male pattern baldness.
VAW: Initialism of violence against women.
CHA: Initialism of charisma point.
OAB: Initialism of overactive bladder.
GSO: Abbreviation of geosynchronous orbit.
BHB: Abbreviation of blue horizontal branch.
BHB: Initialism of beta-hydroxybutyrate.
LIP: Abbreviation of large igneous province.
LIP: Abbreviation of litigant in person.
CK2: Abbreviation of casein kinase 2.
MGC: Initialism of male genital cutting.
ABI: Initialism of application binary interface.
ABI: Abbreviation of acquired brain injury.
TBU: Initialism of tone-bearing unit.
WEG: Abbreviation of Water Equivalent to a Global layer (how high a water level would be at 1 atm pressure, if the whole ice had melted)
CBM: Initialism of ceramic building material.
CBM: Acronym of cubic meter.
CBM: Initialism of contra body movement.
DIC: Initialism of disseminated intravascular coagulation.
FG%: Abbreviation of field goal percentage.
FT%: Abbreviation of free throw percentage.
ERG: Initialism of electron-releasing group.
ERG: Initialism of employee resource group.
ERG: Initialism of electroretinogram.
YSG: Abbreviation of yellow supergiant.
BSG: Abbreviation of blue supergiant.
BSG: Abbreviation of basigin.
b'y: buddy; male friend; group of your friends
b'y: man; dude, guy
LGN: Initialism of lateral geniculate nucleus.
ziz: Alternative form of zizz (a nap, a short sleep)
NRS: Initialism of naval receiving station.
Mau: A kind of short-haired domestic cat.
IPV: Initialism of inactivated polio vaccine.
IPV: Initialism of intimate partner violence.
ISI: Abbreviation of intersymbol interference.
ISI: Initialism of international sensitivity index.
ETO: Initialism of exchange-traded option.
EPR: Initialism of engine pressure ratio (the ratio of pressure between exhaust and inlet of a jet engine).
EPR: Initialism of expected profit rate.
EPR: Initialism of European Pressurised Reactor, a type of nuclear reactor.
ulp: The value that the least significant digit of a floating-point number represents, used as a measure of accuracy in numeric calculations.
PoC: Alternative form of POC (“proof of concept; person of color; etc”)
HWB: Initialism of Hardware Write Block device (specialized type of computer hard disk controller)
HWB: Initialism of Hue Whiteness Blackness (a cylindrical-coordinate representation of points in an RGB color model)
HWB: Initialism of Hwb (Digital Learning for Wales) (a website and collection of online tools provided to all schools in Wales, UK)
SMB: Initialism of small and medium-sized business or small- to medium-sized business.
NGP: Initialism of natural growth promoter (feed additives for farm animals)
NGP: Initialism of neighbouring group participation (a chemistry principle)
DNP: Initialism of dinitrophenol.
DNP: Initialism of dynamic nuclear polarization.
DNP: Initialism of Doctor of Nursing Practice.
DNP: Initialism of dendroaspis natriuretic peptide.
EPP: Initialism of endplate potential.
OPN: Initialism of omnipause neuron.
Pde: Abbreviation of parade.
FWB: Initialism of friend with benefits.
MOU: Alternative form of MoU
MoU: Abbreviation of memorandum of understanding.
AoR: Alternative form of AOR (“area of responsibility”)
UCD: Initialism of user-centered design.
yud: Alternative spelling of yodh
TnC: Troponin C.
TNC: Initialism of thymic nurse cell.
TNC: Initialism of transnational corporation.
TNC: Initialism of transport/transportation network company.
TNC: Initialism of terminal node controller.
TNC: Initialism of tentative nonconfirmation, an E-Verify status.
MTW: Initialism of maximum taxi weight.
MTW: Abbreviation of maximum takeoff weight.
DHP: Initialism of discretionary housing payment.
DHP: Initialism of dihydropyridine.
RPT: Alternative form of rpt.
rpt: Alternative form of rpt.
LAM: Abbreviation of light antiarmor/antiarmour missile.
LAM: Abbreviation of land attack missile.
LAM: Abbreviation of loitering attack missile.
FFM: Abbreviation of fat free mass.
FFM: Initialism of female female male. A sexual act between two females and one male
NGI: Initialism of non-governmental individual.
OOL: Initialism of object-oriented language.
JSE: Initialism of Java Servlet Engine.
GPC: Initialism of grapheme-phoneme correspondence.
ICM: Abbreviation of intracluster medium.
IGM: Abbreviation of InterGalactic Medium.
IGM: Initialism of in-game module.
IPM: Abbreviation of interplanetary medium.
IPM: Abbreviation of integrated pest management.
RSL: Initialism of recurrent slope linea.
RSL: Initialism of regional screening level.
AGW: Initialism of anthropogenic global warming.
npm: Initialism of node package manager.
BTX: Initialism of (mixture of) benzene, toluene, and xylenes.
BTX: Abbreviation of botulinum toxin.
NPT: Initialism of national pipe thread.
NPT: Initialism of nocturnal penile tumescence.
NPT: Initialism of Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
OFN: Initialism of old fucking news.
GAG: Abbreviation of group-specific antigen.
EDO: Abbreviation of EDO memory.
LHA: Initialism of landing, helicopter, assault.: A type of amphibious assault ship, a warship.
XUV: Abbreviation of extreme ultraviolet.
XUV: Initialism of crossover utility vehicle or crossover sport utility vehicle.
GCM: Initialism of General Circulation Model.
GCM: Initialism of giant cell myocarditis.
TOT: Initialism of tip of the tongue.
dst: Abbreviation of destination.
LTV: Initialism of light truck or van.
LTV: Initialism of (customer) life-time value.
LTV: Initialism of loan-to-value.
LTV: Initialism of labor theory of value.
VLT: Initialism of video lottery terminal.
GAR: Initialism of glycineamide ribonucleotide.
GAR: Initialism of glutathione amide reductase.
GAR: Initialism of gross annual revenue.
SVC: Initialism of superior vena cava.
SOD: Abbreviation of superoxide dismutase.
SOD: Abbreviation of start of day.
NIB: Initialism of newly initiated brother.
NIB: sodium-ion battery; Abbreviation of Na-ion battery (“«Na» is the elemental symbol for sodium.”).
TGS: Initialism of taxiing guidance system.
VCU: Initialism of vascular compression unit.
VCU: Initialism of video compression unit.
VCU: Initialism of video codec unit.
VCU: Initialism of video control unit.
VCU: Initialism of vacuum control unit.
VCU: Initialism of vehicle control unit.
VCU: Initialism of vapor/vapour combustor/combustion unit.
VCU: Abbreviation of verified carbon unit. (carbon credit)
eor: The logic function exclusive OR (as opposed to inclusive OR), whose output is true only when exactly one of its inputs is true.
TOD: Initialism of time of death.
TOD: Initialism of top of descent.
TOD: Initialism of time-on-device.
TOD: Initialism of transit-oriented development.
EHC: Initialism of education, health, and care.
SWP: Initialism of skill with prizes: a form of gaming machine that awards prizes and where the player's skill determines the outcome.
PDL: Initialism of passenger dedicated line.
PDL: Initialism of pushdown list.
PDL: Initialism of page description language.
PDL: Initialism of person deprived of liberty (“prisoner; incarceree”).
DBD: Initialism of Database Driver (database driver of Perl DBI)
DBD: Initialism of donation after brain death. (of organ donation)
UBO: Initialism of unincorporated business organization: a legal trust set up for the purposes of business.
UBO: Initialism of ultimate beneficial owner: Entity or group that enjoys the benefits of owning (something), the title of which is held by a custodian.
IOD: Initialism of indicator of disinterest.
ATK: Initialism of attack point.
TNB: Initialism of typical nigger behavior. (behavior of black people regarded as stereotypical and predictable)
TNB: Initialism of trinitrobenzene.
TNB: Acronym of transgender and/or non-binary.
OSA: Initialism of obstructive sleep apnea.
OSA: Initialism of osteosarcoma.
OSA: Initialism of on-shelf availability.
CCR: Acronym of covenant, condition, and restriction.
CCR: Acronym of condition code register.
1PL: Initialism of first-party logistics.
MTA: Initialism of message transfer agent.
MTA: Initialism of material transfer agreement.
MTA: Initialism of Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
2FA: Initialism of two-factor authentication.
IPF: Initialism of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
ccy: Abbreviation of currency.
OLS: Abbreviation of optical landing system.
OLS: Abbreviation of ordinary least squares.
Ger: A person associated with Rangers F.C., as a player, fan, coach etc.
TPK: Initialism of total party kill: the situation where all of the player characters in a role-playing game have been killed.
LOD: Limit of detection; the smallest concentration that can be detected using a specific method.
LOD: Alternative form of lod
LOD: Level of detail.
LOD: Length of day.
LOD: Line of duty; an official determination of whether something occurred in the line of duty.
LOD: Linked Open Data; An international project that links data in the Web.
LOD: Line of dance; A counterclockwise direction for circuiting the dance floor.
LoQ: Alternative form of LOQ
LOQ: Limit of quantification (or limit of quantitation); the lowest concentration of a substance that can be accurately measured under specified experimental. conditions.
TLN: Abbreviation of translator's note or translation note.
N-V: Abbreviation of nitrogen vacancy.
TJI: Initialism of turbulent jet ignition. (an ignition system for cylinders in internal combustion engines)
SUI: Initialism of stress urinary incontinence.
GER: Abbreviation of gastroesophageal reflux.
GER: Initialism of Great Eastern Railway.
SMV: Initialism of sexual market value.
SLO: Initialism of social license to operate.
SLO: Initialism of service-level objective.
Sui: A member of an ethnic people living primarily in the Guizhou province of China, with around 430,000 people.
HDB: Abbreviation of hot dog and bun. (frankfurters and hot dog buns)
LMP: Initialism of Le Mans Prototype.
LMP: Initialism of last menstrual period; used in determining the start of a pregnancy.
WPG: Initialism of weather, patrol, gunship/gunboat. (a designation shiptype for the U.S. Coast Guard ocean-going cutters) These USCG patrol vessels also function as meteorological stations, and are equipped with deck guns.
PWS: Initialism of Prader-Willi syndrome.
PWS: Abbreviation of password stealer.
CBP: Initialism of cardiopulmonary bypass.
POO: Initialism of post-office order.
CAX: Abbreviation of central axis.
MTF: An MTF person.
MTF: Initialism of multilateral trading facility.
ZUI: Acronym of zooming user interface.
ZUI: Acronym of zero user interface.
VKH: Initialism of Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease.
TCC: Initialism of Train Control Computer.
NFR: Initialism of non-functional requirement.
MMD: Initialism of molar mass distribution.
MMD: Initialism of mass median diameter.
MMD: Initialism of murder mystery dinner.
SFM: Synonym of SFPM (“surface feet per minute”)
SFM: Initialism of simple face mask.
REF: Initialism of row echelon form.
Dog: radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter D.
upo: Lagenaria siceraria; a vine grown for its fruit.
HAB: Initialism of horizontal assembly building.
HAB: Initialism of heavy assembly building.
HAB: Initialism of harmful algal bloom.
VAB: Initialism of vehicle assembly building.
VAB: Initialism of vertical assembly building.
SLC: Acronym of space launch complex.
SLC: Initialism of single-level cell.
ETT: Initialism of endotracheal tube.
IDB: Initialism of illicit diamond buyer.
DCT: Abbreviation of data collection tree. It is a tree topology in mobile wireless sensor networks (MWSNs) to collect and aggregate the information from the cluster head, and then forward that aggregated data to the sink (or) base station.
DCT: Initialism of dual clutch transmission.
DCT: Initialism of discrete cosine transform.
DCT: Abbreviation of digital component tape.
DCT: Abbreviation of division(al) combat team.
cps: Initialism of character(s) per second.
PPM: Initialism of pulse position modulation.
PPM: Initialism of process production model.
PPM: Initialism of power-performance management.
PPM: Initialism of prediction by partial match.
PPM: Initialism of page per minute.
BOC: Initialism of British Overseas Citizen, a national of the United Kingdom through a connection to a former British colony.
EMR: Initialism of electronic medical record.
EMR: Initialism of electromagnetic radiation.
NIR: Abbreviation of near infrared or near infrared radiation.
WAL: Acronym of write-ahead logging or write-ahead log.
BOT: Initialism of Build–operate–transfer.
BOT: Abbreviation of Bǽh-oe-tu.
Tao: Alternative form of tao (“art or skill in harmony with essential nature”)
FEA: Initialism of finite element analysis.
TFR: Initialism of total fertility rate.
TFR: Initialism of temporary flight restriction.
TFR: Initialism of time-frequency representation.
yoe: Alternative form of yowe
yce: Obsolete spelling of ice
DPD: Initialism of depersonalization-derealization disorder.
DPD: Initialism of dependent personality disorder.
DPD: Initialism of depressive personality disorder.
DPD: Initialism of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase.
DPD: Initialism of digital pre-distortion.
twt: Abbreviation of Twitter.
twt: Abbreviation of tweet.
H&E: hematoxylin and eosin: a histological stain widely used in medical diagnosis
MLP: Initialism of multilayer perceptron.
PS4: Initialism of PlayStation 4.
N64: Abbreviation of Nintendo 64.
PMQ: singular of PMQs (“Prime Minister's Questions”)
TIP: Initialism of trans-identified person.
PGO: A spike of electrical activity in the brain that moves from pons to geniculate nucleus to occipital lobe at the onset of REM sleep.
RNC: Initialism of Republican National Convention.
LNC: Initialism of Libertarian National Convention.
SCI: Initialism of secured compartmentalized information/secured compartmented information.
SCI: Science Citation Index
SCI: Abbreviation of spinal cord injury.
ONC: Initialism of Ordinary National Certificate.
FLT: Initialism of forklift truck.
DHZ: Abbreviation of dihydrozeatin.
akh: In Egyptian mythology, (roughly) a spirit of the dead that has successfully completed its transition to the afterlife.
akh: Brother; a close male friend or associate.
FHR: Initialism of fetal heart rate.
FHR: Initialism of fluoride-cooled high-temperature reactor.
yae: The Korean vowel ㅒ.
yae: The Cyrillic letter Ԙ (capital), ԙ (lower case), a ligature of Я and Е.
ROT: Initialism of record of transmission.
NGR: Initialism of national grid reference.
ALG: Initialism of Application-level gateway.
CCJ: Initialism of county court judgement.
MEZ: Initialism of maritime exclusion zone.
ACD: Initialism of antecedent-contained deletion.
ACD: Initialism of automatic call distributor
ACD: Initialism of automated call distribution.
MFD: Initialism of myofascial decompression.
MFD: Initialism of multifuction display.
MFD: Alternative form of mfd
CGO: Initialism of chief green officer.
VIE: Abbreviation of variable interest entity.
VIE: Abbreviation of vacuum insulated evaporator.
mtn: Abbreviation of mountain.
RTC: Initialism of rational team concert.
RTC: Initialism of real-time computing.
RTC: Initialism of real-time control.
RTC: Initialism of real-time clock.
RTC: Initialism of real-time communications.
RTC: Initialism of road traffic collision.
RTC: Initialism of regional trial court, the highest trial court in the Philippines
PHI: Initialism of protected health information.
JRT: Initialism of Jack Russell terrier.
PMP: Initialism of project management professional.
PMP: Initialism of poor man's pizza.
PMP: Initialism of portable media player.
COC: Initialism of cathodal opening contraction.
COC: Initialism of code of conduct.
COC: Initialism of classic organochlorines.
COC: Abbreviation of chamber of commerce.
COC: Initialism of chain of command.
COC: Alternative form of CoC
osh: A Tajik dish of rice cooked with meat and oil; a kind of pilaf.
Mx.: US and Canada standard form of Mx (“gender neutral title”).
MV*: Any of various software design approaches involving a model and a view, such as MVC, MVP, or MVVM.
MAW: Initialism of model, actress, whatever: a young woman without much talent who attains celebrity through physical attractiveness.
Mav: A Maverick (in both noun senses).
SIC: Initialism of second-in-command.
SIC: Initialism of School Improvement Council.
EOC: Initialism of end-of-course test.
MGU: Initialism of motor generator unit (“an energy recovery system; a system that may harvest kinetic energy from various sources”).
MOE: Alternative letter-case form of MoE
MoE: Initialism of Ministry of Education.
MoE: Initialism of mixture of experts.
CUD: The basic operations of a database management system; Acronym of create, update, delete.
PPF: Initialism of paint protection film.
PPF: Initialism of production–possibility frontier.
KCS: Initialism of keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
R/C: A radio-controlled vehicle.
EOG: Abbreviation of electrooculogram or electrooculography.
FRD: Initialism of formerly restricted data: a classification level below RD that allows sharing among military agencies.
FOG: Initialism of fat, oil, and grease.
FOG: Initialism of frequency of gobbledygook: the commonness of long and complicated words in a text, as measured by systems like the Gunning fog index.
DUB: Initialism of dysfunctional uterine bleeding.
TTX: Initialism of tetrodotoxin.
WAR: Initialism of write after read, a kind of data hazard.
WAR: Acronym of wins above replacement.
INT: Abbreviation of intelligence.
INT: Initialism of intelligence point.
INT: Abbreviation of interrupt.
INT: Abbreviation of interception.
GWG: Abbreviation of game-winning goal.
ctr: Abbreviation of centre.
ctr: Abbreviation of center.
LTS: Initialism of long-term support.
LTS: Initialism of leaning toothpick syndrome.
IHV: Initialism of independent hardware vendor.
EAV: Initialism of Entity–attribute–value model.
EAV: Initialism of Equine arteritis virus.
EAV: Initialism of Electroacupuncture according to Voll.
JIF: Initialism of journal impact factor.
JIF: Short for JFIF.
Cap: Clipping of Capricorn.
LEB: Initialism of life expectancy at birth.
VHD: Initialism of video high density (a videodisc format)
VHD: Initialism of virtual hard Disk (a disk image file format used by Microsoft Virtual PC)
VHD: Initialism of volumetric haptic display (a display that about informs touch instead of vision)
VHD: Initialism of valvular heart disease (a disease involving one or more of the four valves of the heart)
VHD: Initialism of viral haemorrhagic disease (also known as the rabbit haemorrhagic disease)
SRM: Initialism of solid rocket motor.
SRM: Initialism of solar radiation management.
SRM: Initialism of standard reference material. A standardized material of known composition used as a reference, to calibrate testing equipment, to validate testing equipment, to test materials and equipment
SRM: Initialism of specified risk material.
TUC: Initialism of time of useful consciousness.: The time one may remain functional after a rapid decompression event without supplemental oxygen, at altitudes higher than that which one may remain functional at in ambient pressures.
RFX: Abbreviation of regulatory factor X. (a gene and protein family)
RFX: Abbreviation of recognition of firearms and explosives. (a skill and qualification)
PMF: Abbreviation of primary myelofibrosis, a myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN).
DAL: Initialism of data access layer, a software architecture layer
DAL: Initialism of database abstraction layer, a software architecture layer
DMI: Initialism of Desktop Management Interface.
DMI: Initialism of Driver-Machine Interface.
TEN: Initialism of toxic epidermal necrolysis.
ULP: Initialism of ubiquitin-like protein.
ULP: Abbreviation of ultra-luminous pulsar.
ULP: Initialism of unfair labor practice.
OBU: acronym of On-Board Unit.
OBU: Abbreviation of offshore banking unit.
IGN: Initialism of in-game name.
BCR: B cell receptor
TdT: terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase
CD7: a transmembrane immunoglobulin superfamily protein, found on thymocytes and mature T cells, playing an essential role in T-cell interactions and also in T-cell/B-cell interaction during early lymphoid development
SWS: Initialism of slow-wave sleep.
PHO: Abbreviation of partially hydrogenated oil.
PHO: Abbreviation of potentially hazardous object.
PML: progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy
pps: Alternative form of PPS
ESI: Initialism of electronically stored information.
ESI: Initialism of extremely sensitive information.
HCN: Initialism of hydrogen cyanide.
HCN: Initialism of highly composite number.
ylw: Abbreviation of yellow.
wht: Abbreviation of white.
brn: Abbreviation of brown.
blk: Abbreviation of black.
grn: Abbreviation of green.
bge: Abbreviation of beige.
sfx: Abbreviation of suffix.
sk.: Abbreviation of synklepton.
ROS: Abbreviation of reactive oxygen species.
ROS: Abbreviation of Robot Operating System, a robotic middleware.
ROS: Initialism of rights of survivorship.
EVC: Initialism of European Vital Computer (the main on-board unit on ETCS-controlled trains)
GSL: Initialism of guaranteed student loan.
GSL: Initialism of glucosinolate.
GSL: Initialism of glycosphingolipid.
GSL: Initialism of goniosynechialysis.
GSL: Initialism of growing stock level.
LIB: Abbreviation of lithium-ion battery.
BPO: Initialism of broker's price opinion.
BPO: Initialism of business process outsourcing.
BPO: Abbreviation of benzoyl peroxide.
SBC: Initialism of single-board computer.
SBC: Initialism of system basis chip.
GPO: Initialism of group purchasing organization.
FUP: Initialism of fair usage policy.
Rem: A Remington firearm.
AWS: Initialism of Autonomous Weapons System.
PMV: Initialism of pony music video. (A fan-made music video of clips from My Little Pony animated cartoon TV shows).
PMV: Initialism of plasma membrane vesicle.
PMV: Initialism of porpoise morbillivirus.
PMV: Initialism of paramyxovirus.
PMV: Initialism of pumpkin mosaic virus.
PMV: Initialism of public motor vehicle, a generic term for public transport buses, cars, etc.
PMV: Initialism of porn music video. A fan-made video clipshow of porn set to music
MAG: Acronym of maximum absorbency garment. (astronaut diaper / space nappies)
MAG: Acronym of myelin-associated glycoprotein.
MAG: A gene which encodes for myelin associated glycoprotein
EBV: Initialism of Epstein-Barr virus.
VoT: Initialism of voice onset time or initialism of voice-onset time (The amount of time that passes between the release of a stop consonant and the onset of voicing)
VoT: Initialism of value of time (The opportunity cost of the time that a traveller spends on his/her journey)
MXP: Abbreviation of methoxphenidine.
kha: The name of the Cyrillic script letter Х&#x20;/ х.
RFV: Initialism of radial force variation: a property of a tyre that characterizes forces between the vehicle and the road.
aqa: Alternative spelling of agha
FIB: Initialism of focused ion beam.
FIB: Initialism of fucking Illinois bastard.
CTZ: Initialism of chemoreceptor trigger zone.
CTZ: Initialism of cyclothiazide.
USV: Abbreviation of unmanned surface vessel. or unmanned surface vehicle
OTH: Abbreviation of other.
OTH: Initialism of opportunity to hear.
AAO: Initialism of anodic aluminum oxide.
HTP: Initialism of hydroxytryptophan.
HTP: Initialism of high-test peroxide.
HTP: Initialism of heated tobacco product.
ALK: anaplastic lymphoma kinase
TTM: Initialism of time to market.
TET: Initialism of tetraethyltin.
TET: Initialism of transparency-enhancing tool.
TET: Initialism of thymic epithelial tumor.
TET: Initialism of targeted energy transfer.
CHZ: Initialism of Circumstellar habitable zone.
SRK: Initialism of sea rescue kit.
YBA: Initialism of Young British Artist.
FIS: Abbreviation of flight information service.
TAO: Initialism of thyroid-associated orbitopathy.
Vol: A player of any of the Tennessee Volunteers college sports teams.
Cas: Ellipsis of Cas gene.
Cas: Ellipsis of Cas protein.
Cas: Ellipsis of Cas sequence.
BTK: Initialism of Bruton's tyrosine kinase.
WJC: Abbreviation of World Junior Championships.
keb: A still-born lamb.
BWC: Initialism of body-worn camera.
BWC: Initialism of big white cock.
VNC: Abbreviation of ventral nerve cord.
V2G: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-grid technology.
V2G: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-grid unit.
MCI: Initialism of mild cognitive impairment.
MCI: Initialism of mass casualty incident.
MCI: Initialism of meal, combat, individual.
NVP: Initialism of nausea and vomiting of pregnancy: morning sickness.
NVP: Abbreviation of nevirapine.
IFS: Initialism of iterated function system.
IFS: Initialism of information fatigue syndrome.
vew: Obsolete form of view.
OID: Initialism of office ID.
IAS: Initialism of indicated airspeed.
MMN: Initialism of mystery meat navigation.
tgd: Initialism of tuple-generating dependency.
egd: Initialism of equality-generating dependency.
pwd: Abbreviation of password.
pwd: Unix command to print the working directory
Abx: Antibiotic(s).
NKA: No known allergies.
BKA: Initialism of below-knee amputation.
MON: Abbreviation of motor octane number.
AKI: Abbreviation of anti-knock index.
AKI: Initialism of acute kidney injury.
VCS: Initialism of version control system.
wim: Initialism of warm ionized medium.
Cpt: Abbreviation of captain.
VFM: Initialism of value for money.
V2V: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-vehicle technology.
V2I: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-infrastructure technology.
V2X: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-X technology.
RNS: reactive nitrogen species
RNS: Real Nigga Shit
HFT: Initialism of high-frequency trading.
HFT: Initialism of high-frequency trader.
LIA: Initialism of lost in action.
rdf: radial distribution function
KEW: Acronym of kinetic energy weapon.
pkt: Abbreviation of packet.
cpl: Abbreviation of couple.
PUP: Acronym of potentially unwanted program: software that most computer users do not want on their computers, such as adware.
PUP: Paid up
PUP: Prokaryotic ubiquitin-like protein
JCC: Initialism of Jewish community center.
JCC: Initialism of Jewish community centre.
CoE: Initialism of center of excellence.
rm.: Abbreviation of room.
EPB: Initialism of electric park brake.
YKS: Abbreviation of yokukansan.
peV: picoelectronvolt
feV: femtoelectronvolt
neV: nanoelectronvolt
μeV: Abbreviation of microelectronvolt.
CBO: Initialism of criminal behaviour order.
CBO: Initialism of community-based organization.
LTG: US army abbreviation of lieutenant general.
AOG: Abbreviation of abscisate beta-glucosyltransferase.
AOG: Abbreviation of act of God.
AOG: Initialism of aircraft on ground.
M4F: Abbreviation of male for female: a man seeking a woman.
18C: The section of the Racial Discrimination Act that makes it an offence to "offend, insult, humiliate or intimidate" a person of a certain race, colour or national or ethnic origin.
WOC: Initialism of woman of color or women of color.
CAH: Initialism of congenital adrenal hyperplasia.
CAH: Initialism of calcium aluminate hydrate.
CAH: Initialism of chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbon.
CAH: Initialism of crime against humanity.
CAH: Initialism of critical-access hospital.
CDG: Abbreviation of calcium diglutamate.
Zio: Zionist, Jew
PVF: Initialism of polyvinyl fluoride.
PVF: Abbreviation of post-viral fatigue.
Rug: short form of Rugbeian
qāf: Alternative spelling of qoph
PPT: PowerPoint (a slide presentation file created and opened with PowerPoint)
PPT: Abbreviation of precipitate.
She: An ethnic group in southern China.
She: A language of the Hmong-Mien language family spoken by the She people.
vdo: Abbreviation of video.
SHA: A cryptographic hash produced with SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm).
SHA: Initialism of sidereal hour angle.
C&W: Initialism of country and western.
EFP: Initialism of explosively formed penetrator.
EFP: Initialism of exchange for physical, exchange futures for physical, or exchange futures for product, a type of transaction.
PRG: Initialism of Post/Redirect/Get. (a design pattern for Web applications)
RAT: Initialism of rapid antigen test.
RAT: Initialism of ram air turbine.
RAT: Initialism of remote-access Trojan.
RAT: Initialism of relevant alternatives theory.
JSX: Initialism of JavaScript Syntax eXtension.
IBR: Initialism of infectious bovine rhinotracheitis.
HSS: Initialism of high speed steel.
MBU: Initialism of mother and baby unit.
MBU: Initialism of merit badge university.
NGL: Abbreviation of natural gas liquid. (liquids derived from natural gas)
NGL: Abbreviation of natural ground level. (original ground level before any excavation or filling takes place)
M&G: Abbreviation of meet and greet.
DKC: Initialism of dyskeratosis congenita.
fld: Abbreviation of field.
BMC: Initialism of baseboard management controller.
BMC: Initialism of biphase mark code.
BMC: Initialism of black-majority church.
BMC: Initialism of black middle class.
BMC: Initialism of bulk moulding compound.
P/L: Initialism of profit and loss.
LST: Initialism of landing ship, tank.
LST: Initialism of Local Sidereal Time.
LST: Initialism of Local Standard Time.
EPQ: Initialism of Extended Project Qualification.
SRW: Initialism of simple random walk.
VIT: Initialism of vitality point.
DEF: Abbreviation of diesel exhaust fluid.
DEF: Initialism of defence point.
DEX: Alternative form of dex (“dexterity”)
DEX: Abbreviation of decentralized exchange.
MWS: Initialism of Muckle-Wells syndrome.
P+R: abbreviation of park and ride
HET: Abbreviation of Hall effect thruster.
CCN: Initialism of controlled-controlled not gate.
CCN: Initialism of content-centric networking.
CCN: Initialism of cyclomatic complexity number.
GTL: Initialism of Gunning transceiver logic.
GTL: Initialism of Grand Touring Light prototype.
PFY: Initialism of pimply-faced youth: the archetypical younger apprentice of the BOFH; a junior sysadmin.
RCD: Initialism of residual-current device.
RDA: Initialism of Recommended Dietary Allowances.
Win: A Winchester firearm.
wt.: Abbreviation of weight.
MCD: Initialism of minimum cost design.
MCD: Initialism of minor civil division.
MCD: Initialism of minimal change disease.
CBJ: Initialism of covered blowjob: fellatio with a condom
PFM: Initialism of porcelain fused to metal.
PFM: Initialism of pelvic floor muscle.
MBM: Initialism of meat and bone meal: a product of the rendering industry, used in animal feed.
HOA: Initialism of homeowner association.
7up: Alternative spelling of 7 Up
RCE: Initialism of remote code execution.
NFV: Initialism of network function virtualization.
NFV: Abbreviation of nelfinavir.
SNA: Initialism of spherical nucleic acid.
SNA: Initialism of special needs assistant.
DRI: Initialism of declarative referential integrity.
DRI: Initialism of directly responsible individual.
DRI: Initialism of Dietary Reference Intake; a set of nutritional reference values including RDA, EAR, AI, UL and AMDR.
DRI: Initialism of direct reduced iron.
LQA: Initialism of linguistic quality assurance.
LQA: Initialism of language quality assurance.
LQA: Initialism of language quality assessment.
LQA: Initialism of link quality analysis.
LQE: Initialism of linear–quadratic estimator.
LQE: Initialism of linear–quadratic estimation.
LQE: Initialism of language quality evaluation.
EHS: Initialism of environment, health, safety.
EHS: Abbreviation of electromagnetic hypersensitivity.
EHS: Abbreviation of exploding head syndrome.
AHS: Initialism of alien hand syndrome.
AHS: Initialism of athletic heart syndrome.
SFB: Abbreviation of sunken featured building: pithouse
MCV: Acronym of mean corpuscular volume.
DTM: Initialism of digital terrain model.
1CC: Initialism of one-credit (or coin) clear: the feat of playing through an arcade game from start to finish without having to insert further coins or tokens.
C2C: Initialism of cam-to-cam (“direct video communication by webcam”).
VAC: Initialism of volt of alternating current.
MSE: Initialism of mean squared error.
MSE: Initialism of Master of Science in Engineering.
MSE: Initialism of multisensory environment.
MSD: Initialism of mean squared deviation.
MSD: Initialism of mean squared displacement.
MSD: Initialism of musculoskeletal disorder.
UDD: Initialism of user-driven development.
UDD: National United Front for Democracy, supporters of Prime Minister Shinawatra, (and subsequently Abhisit Vejajiva) in the conflict in Thailand after the 2006 coup d'etat.
PMC: Initialism of private military company or corporation.
PMC: Initialism of private military contractor.
PMC: Initialism of property management company or corporation.
PMC: Initialism of professional–managerial class.
PMC: Initialism of professional middle class.
WHQ: Initialism of world headquarters.
APW: Initialism of all-ports warning.
WRA: Initialism of women's rights activist.
WRA: Initialism of weapons release authorization.
VRS: virtual reference station
KAR: Initialism of kinematic ambiguity resolution.
RTK: Initialism of real-time kinematic.
RTK: Initialism of right to know.
EER: Initialism of Enhanced/Extended Entity-Relationship.
CIN: Initialism of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
CIN: Convective inhibition.
PYT: Initialism of pretty young thing.
NRB: Initialism of nonreturnable bottle.
NRB: Initialism of non-rebreather mask.
NRB: Initialism of nil-rate band.
NRB: Initialism of non-resident Bangladeshi.
NRB: Initialism of no reason boner.
LHF: Initialism of Lassa hemorrhagic fever.
LHF: Initialism of low-hanging fruit.
5.1: A six-channel surround sound audio system, having five full-bandwidth channels and one low-frequency effects channel.
FFI: Initialism of fatal familial insomnia.
FFI: Initialism of foreign function interface.
How: radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter H.
ICO: Initialism of initial coin offering.
KCN: Potassium cyanide.
RSH: thiolate
MnS: manganese(II) sulfide
HOX: hypohalous acid
EBW: Initialism of exploding-bridgewire detonator.
STG: Initialism of security threat group, a prison gang
IMT: Initialism of Interactive Machine Translation
CFA: Initialism of conditional fee agreement.
CFA: Initialism of Chartered Financial Analyst.
CFA: Initialism of Cooperative Framework Agreement.
CFA: Initialism of confirmatory factor analysis.
CFA: Initialism of candidate fitness assessment.
OME: Initialism of order of magnitude estimate.
OME: Initialism of otitis media with effusion.
Cfu: Alternative form of CFU
Bok: Short for Springbok.
TVQ: The Quebec Sales Tax
FCY: Abbreviation of full course yellow.
ANP: Initialism of atrial natriuretic peptide.
ANP: Initialism of applied nutrition programme.
QRF: Initialism of quick react(ion(ary))/response force. An armed military term to define a unit capable of rapidly responding to developing situations, typically to assist allied units in need of such assistance.
IRF: Initialism of inertial reference frame.
DRP: Initialism of disaster recovery plan.
RTR: Initialism of retracted tongue root.
ATR: Initialism of advanced tongue root.
HMC: Initialism of horizontal machining center.
CoC: Initialism of certificate of candidacy.
CoC: Initialism of certificate of conformance.
CoC: Alternative form of COC; particularly versions using "of" for "o"
CoC: Abbreviation of chamber of commerce.
CoC: Alternative form of COC; particularly versions using "of" for "o"
CoC: Abbreviation of code of conduct.
CoC: Alternative form of COC; particularly versions using "of" for "o"
CoC: Abbreviation of Clash of Clans.
FPV: Abbreviation of fosamprenavir.
FPV: Initialism of first-person view.
CPP: Initialism of cerebral perfusion pressure: the net pressure gradient causing cerebral blood flow to the brain.
CPP: Initialism of conditioned place preference.
Wac: A member of the Women's Army Corps, the women's branch of the United States Army from 1942-1978.
MML: Initialism of minimum message length.
DBU: Abbreviation of dialog base unit.
DBU: Abbreviation of domestic banking unit.
OHC: Initialism of overhead camshaft.
OHC: Initialism of ocean heat content.
OHC: Initialism of outer hair cell.
OHC: Initialism of organizational health center.
GPT: Initialism of GUID partition table.
GPT: Initialism of generative pretrained transformer.
GPT: Initialism of generalized probabilistic theory.
201: A personnel file detailing the background and history of a member of the United States armed forces.
SWB: short wheelbase (of vehicles)
OBC: Initialism of onboard credit.
OBC: Initialism of other backward class.
OBC: Initialism of original Broadway cast.
RPL: Initialism of recognition of prior learning.
RPL: Initialism of recurrent pregnancy loss.
FAP: Initialism of familial adenomatous polyposis.
FAP: Initialism of fixed action pattern.
IOE: Initialism of initial operating experience.
IoE: Initialism of Internet of Everything.
NRG: Initialism of energy.
nrg: Alternative form of nrg.; Abbreviation of energy.
nrg: Alternative form of NRG; Initialism of energy.
BPF: Initialism of band-pass filter.
HPF: Initialism of high-pass filter.
FIR: Initialism of flight information region; a specified region of airspace in which a flight information service (FIS) and an alerting service (ALRS) are provided
FIR: Initialism of first information report.
FIR: Abbreviation of far infrared or far infrared radiation.
HNG: Initialism of horny net geek.
TFP: Initialism of time for print: a photographer's arrangement where the model is paid with a selection of prints from the shoot, and a limited licence to use them.
TFP: Initialism of total factor productivity.
Ld.: Abbreviation of Lord. (as a person's title)
.38: A standard kind of firearm designed to fire bullets that are approximately 0.38 inch in diameter.
.45: A standard kind of firearm designed to fire bullets that are approximately 0.45 inch in diameter.
.22: A standard kind of firearm designed to fire bullets that are approximately 0.22 inch in diameter.
DTI: Initialism of diffusion tensor imaging.
AFA: Initialism of Associate of the Faculty of Actuaries (professional qualification).
spd: Abbreviation of speed.
NTD: Initialism of neglected tropical disease.
HPE: Initialism of holoprosencephaly.
F/U: follow-up
LOH: Acronym of light observation helicopter.
IWB: Initialism of interactive whiteboard.
VBR: Initialism of variable bitrate.
RNN: Initialism of random neural network.
RNN: Initialism of recurrent neural network.
RNN: Initialism of recursive neural network.
SHM: Initialism of system health management.
SHM: Initialism of simple harmonic motion.
SHM: Initialism of shake my head.
ELV: Initialism of expendable launch vehicle. (an expendable spacelaunch rocket)
CFH: Initialism of critical fall height: a measurement used in gauging the amount of safety surfacing required under children's play equipment.
LAC: Acronym of L-acetylcarnitine. (acetylated L-carnitine)
LAC: Abbreviation of leading aircraftman.
TFE: Initialism of tetrafluoroethylene.
TFE: Initialism of trifluoroethanol.
OXM: Initialism of Object XML Mappings.
MOC: Initialism of man of color or men of color.
INM: Acronym of inner nuclear membrane.
ONM: Acronym of outer nuclear membrane.
Ent: Alternative letter-case form of ent
mts: Alternative form of MTS
NBR: Initialism of nitrile butadiene rubber.
OMZ: Initialism of oxygen minimum zone.
LML: Initialism of lightweight multiple launcher.
PXR: Initialism of parametric X-ray radiation, X-ray radiation emitted when relativistic charged particles, like electrons, interact with crystals. Originally predicted by the Soviet scientists Vladimir G. Baryshevsky and Ilya D. Feranchuk.
Mad: Acronym of mothers against decapentaplegic.
NEV: Initialism of neighborhood electric vehicle or neighbourhood electric vehicle.
NEV: Initialism of new energy vehicle.
IEP: Initialism of isoelectric point.
IEP: Initialism of Individualized Education Program.
NQE: Initialism of nuclear quantum effect.
KL5: Reading of fictional phone numbers that begin with 555 with “KL” being “5” on a dial pad.
LNP: Initialism of lipid nanoparticle.
LNP: Initialism of local number portability.
KAP: Initialism of knowledge, attitude(s), and practice(s): a type of representative survey, originated in the 1950s, that examines the level of knowledge, beliefs, and behaviours of a population in the context of a specific topic.
TRF: Initialism of tuned radio frequency.
SAO: Initialism of session-at-once. (a recording mode for optical discs)
SAO: Initialism of Specified Associated Organisation.
SAO: Initialism of school attendance order.
HIL: Initialism of Hardware-In-the-Loop.
CTA: Initialism of call to action.
CTA: Initialism of computed tomography angiography.
CTA: Initialism of commodity trading adviser.
Pom: Synonym of Pomeranian, a dog breed or a dog of this breed.
Pom: Alternative letter-case form of pom, an Englishman or Briton.
TEB: Acronym of triethylborane. ((C₂H₅)₃B)
TEB: Initialism of triethylborate. (B(C₂H₅O)₃)
TEB: Abbreviation of triethylbenzene. (C₆H₃(C₂H₅)₃)
PGD: Initialism of preimplantation genetic diagnosis.
MTT: Initialism of meaning-text theory.
MTT: Initialism of malignant triton tumor.
MTT: Initialism of Multi-Table Tournament.
Cab: Abbreviation of Cabernet Sauvignon wine.
Cab: A type of aerial spin; a switch frontside rotation.
APD: Initialism of antisocial personality disorder.
APD: Initialism of auditory processing disorder.
APD: Initialism of aminohydroxypropylidene diphosphonate.
O/D: Abbreviation of overdrive.
PBJ: Initialism of peanut butter and jelly.
BTM: bottom
VHR: Initialism of verbatim hearing reporter.
MND: Abbreviation of motor neurone disease.
UBI: Initialism of universal basic income.
Huk: A member of the Hukbalahap.
ATH: Initialism of all-time high, referring to the value of an asset.
fo.: Abbreviation of folio.
SLG: Abbreviation of slugging percentage.
IPP: Abbreviation of infinitivus pro participio.
MMP: Initialism of mixed-member proportional.
MMP: Initialism of matrix metalloproteinase.
MMP: Initialism of massive multiplayer.
MMP: Initialism of mandatory minimum penalty.
MMP: Initialism of mobile measurement partner.
F/L: Abbreviation of flight lieutenant.
Mii: A customizable avatar used on several Nintendo video game consoles and mobile applications.
vi.: Alternative form of vi (“intransitive verb”)
vt.: Alternative form of vt (“transitive verb”)
vt.: Abbreviation of vert.
COR: Contracting Officer's Technical Representative, or Contracting Officer's Representative, in U.S. government procurement.
SBX: Abbreviation of snowboardcross.
TKA: Initialism of total knee arthroplasty.
JNS: Abbreviation of jump not scored. (a score on a scoresheet, for an insufficient/incomplete judged jump)
SoD: Initialism of separation of duties.
UPL: Initialism of unauthorized practice of law.
GOE: Initialism of grade of execution.
GOE: Initialism of Garden of Eden.
SRH: Initialism of somatotropin-releasing hormone.
TRH: Initialism of thyrotropin-releasing hormone.
EID: Abbreviation of emerging infectious disease or emergent infectious disease.
EID: Alternative form of eID
WOF: Width of fabric.
WOF: Warmed-over flavor; A rancid flavor that occurs in refrigerated cooked meat.
WOF: Initialism of warrant of fitness.
TGN: Initialism of trans-Golgi network.
SPA: Initialism of state pension age.
SPA: Initialism of single-page application.
SPA: Initialism of single-packet authorization.
SPA: Initialism of special power of attorney.
IMD: Initialism of index of multiple deprivation.
VOP: violation of probation
MTS: Abbreviation of metre-tonne-second.. A version of the metric system, that uses as its basis units, the metre (m), tonne (t), second (s), with other units derived from these base units.
MTS: Initialism of multichannel television sound. (a standard for encoding additional audio channels within an NTSC signal)
AFJ: Initialism of April Fools' joke.
CUV: Initialism of compact sport utility vehicle.
CUV: Initialism of compact crossover sport utility vehicle or compact crossover utility vehicle.
CUV: Alternative form of XUV (crossover utility vehicle or crossover sport utility vehicle)
gma: Abbreviation of grandma.
h8r: Alternative form of h8er
EFE: Initialism of Einstein field equation.
VDI: Initialism of virtual desktop infrastructure.
VDI: Initialism of virtual disk image.
JIA: Initialism of juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
CWV: Initialism of cloudy wing virus.
EAM: Initialism of external auditory meatus.
s-f: Alternative form of SF (science fiction)
GTN: Initialism of glyceryl trinitrate (“nitroglycerine”).
BFT: Initialism of Byzantine fault tolerance.
BFT: Initialism of biofeedback training.
PRR: Initialism of pattern recognition receptor.
PRR: Initialism of proportional reporting ratio.
PRR: Initialism of parietal reach region.
SIB: Abbreviation of sodium-ion battery.
CKI: Initialism of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor protein.
AHP: Initialism of afterhyperpolarization.
AHP: Abbreviation of alkaline hydrogen peroxide.
PFV: Initialism of persistent fetal vasculature.
BOH: Abbreviation of back of house.
TBP: Initialism of tributyl phosphate.
TBP: Initialism of TATA-binding protein.
MBL: Initialism of mannose-binding lectin.
HSC: Initialism of hematopoietic stem cell.
HSC: Initialism of high speed craft.. A motor vessel watercraft capable of high speed traversals
HSC: Initialism of high speed craft.. A motor vessel watercraft capable of high speed traversals
HSC: Initialism of high speed catamaran.
AGS: Initialism of Aicardi-Goutières syndrome.
AGS: Abbreviation of alpha-gal syndrome.
DHR: Initialism of dihydrorhodamine.
NRE: Initialism of new relationship energy.
NRE: Initialism of network reliability engineering.
FMN: Initialism of flavin mononucleotide.
FAD: Initialism of flavin adenine dinucleotide.
HAE: Abbreviation of hereditary angioedema.
RLD: Red-light district.
BIP: Abbreviation of blunt impact projectile.
EWS: Initialism of emergency water supply. (World War II, for fires)
EWS: Initialism of economically weaker section.
TAA: Initialism of thoracic aortic aneurysm.
TAA: Initialism of temporal anti-aliasing.
CGB: Abbreviation of cosmic gravitational-wave background.
GFR: Initialism of glomerular filtration rate.
WLW: Acronym of women-loving woman or women-loving women or similar phrases like woman who loves women: a homosexual or bisexual/pansexual woman.
S&W: A Smith & Wesson firearm.
Epi: An Epiphone guitar.
RMU: Initialism of removal unit.
ERU: Initialism of emission reduction unit.
MVB: Initialism of multivesicular body.
GRR: Initialism of gross reproduction rate.
LMG: Initialism of light machine gun.
POU: Initialism of program organization unit.
POU: Initialism of point of use.
PJA: published journal article, also known as publisher's version, version of record or VoR: the version of a paper as printed or digitally published in a journal by its publisher
SIT: Initialism of special information tone.
SIT: Initialism of Special Investigation Team.
HUS: Initialism of hemolytic-uremic syndrome.
XAS: Acronym of X-ray absorption spectroscopy.
GGE: Initialism of gasoline gallon equivalent.
RNI: Initialism of rate of natural increase.
OQI: Initialism of optics-based quantum imaging.
OEE: Initialism of overall equipment effectiveness.
OEE: Initialism of original equipment equivalent.
JAQ: Initialism of job analysis questionnaire.
RPS: Initialism of Radioisotope Power System.
RPS: Initialism of Reactor Protective System.
RPS: Initialism of rock paper scissors.
TPR: Initialism of temperature-programmed reduction.
TPR: Initialism of thermoplastic rubber.
TPR: Initialism of total peripheral resistance.
TPR: Initialism of temperature, pulse, respiration.
TPR: Initialism of total physical response.
TPR: Initialism of total player rating.
TOF: Initialism of time of flight.
TOF: Initialism of tetralogy of Fallot.
LPP: lycopsid photosynthetic pathway
Dub: A Dubliner.
mex: The mex of a subset of a well-ordered set is the smallest value from the whole set that does not belong to the subset.
AVG: Abbreviation of batting average.
EFB: Initialism of electronic flight bag.
EFB: Initialism of electrostatic force balance.
EFB: Initialism of European foulbrood.
SDS: Initialism of sodium dodecyl sulfate.
SDS: Initialism of safety data sheet.
pr.: Abbreviation of pounder.
PBG: Initialism of porphobilinogen.
MES: Initialism of main engine start.
FFP: Initialism of fresh frozen plasma.
FFP: Initialism of filtering face piece.
FFP: Initialism of financial fair play. (a set of regulations established to prevent professional football clubs spending more than they earn in the pursuit of success, and in doing so not getting into financial problems which might threaten their long-term survival)
BBG: Initialism of guided-missile battleship (a battleship equipped with cruise missiles as one of its primary armaments).
BBG: Abbreviation of battleship battle group.
BBG: Abbreviation of baby girl (“address for a woman”).
MRM: Initialism of mechanically recovered meat.
NMM: Initialism of non-metallic metal.
NMM: Initialism of non-manual markers.
PKD: Initialism of polycystic kidney disease.
FMX: Initialism of full mouth X-ray.
Yer: A member of Generation Y.
ASS: Initialism of argininosuccinate synthase.
MUA: Initialism of make-up artist.
DFS: Initialism of depth-first search.
BFS: Initialism of breadth-first search.
VMM: Abbreviation of Virtual Machine Manager (of RedHat)
VMM: Abbreviation of Virtual Machine Monitor (a hypervisor)
VMM: Abbreviation of Virtual Memory Manager.
TAD: Initialism of tobacco, alcohol and drugs.
TAD: Initialism of transboundary animal disease.
Bim: A Barbadian.
3RR: Initialism of three-revert rule.
OKB: A special design bureau of the Soviet Union, that performed experimental research and development.
BHK: Initialism of bedroom(s), hall, and kitchen.
GSI: Initialism of graduate student instructor.
3TG: Abbreviation of tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold, four common conflict minerals.
OHS: Initialism of occupational health and safety.
CHO: Initialism of chief happiness officer: a person employed to improve employees' morale.
CHO: Initialism of chief health officer.
CHO: Acronym of Chinese hamster ovary. (only used attributively as an adjective)
FIL: Initialism of father-in-law.
Mex: Clipping of Mexican.
ICP: Initialism of intracranial pressure.
ICP: Initialism of infantile cerebral palsy.
ICP: Initialism of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.
ICP: Initialism of ignition coil pack.
TPU: Initialism of thermoplastic polyurethane, a type of plastic.
TPU: Initialism of Tensor Processing Unit, a circuit optimized for neural network machine learning.
CWM: Initialism of Cincinnati water maze.
ABT: Initialism of atomic buffalo turd.
RDW: Initialism of red blood cell distribution width.
FMT: Initialism of fecal microbiota transplantation.
FMT: Initialism of fecal microbiota transplant.
UPB: Initialism of unpaid principal balance.
DSU: Initialism of disjoint-set union.
bd.: Abbreviation of boulevard.
bd.: Abbreviation of board.
EAW: Initialism of European Arrest Warrant.
PFO: Initialism of patent foramen ovale.
LIF: Acronym of leukemia inhibitory factor.
PRB: Initialism of pay review body.
PRB: Initialism of Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood.
CWR: Initialism of continuous welded rail.
2AP: Initialism of 2-acetylpyrroline. An aroma and flavour compound that gives the stereotypical smell and flavour of buttered popcorn.
BTE: Initialism of Boltzmann transport equation.
BTE: A behind the ear hearing aid.
ODR: Initialism of Ogden discount rate.
ODR: Initialism of octal data rate.
TTI: Initialism of transmission time interval.
TTI: Initialism of time to interact: the time that elapses before the client can interact with a web page that is loading
TTI: Initialism of troubled-teen industry.
QBO: Initialism of quasi-biennial oscillation.
IC4: A person of asian (Indian) ethnicity
IC1: A person of white, north European ethnicity
IC5: A person of asian (Chinese, Japanese) ethnicity
IC3: A person of black ethnicity
IC9: A person of unknown ethnicity
IC6: A person of arab or north African ethnicity
HVT: Initialism of high-value target.
IC2: A person of white, south European ethnicity
LCG: Initialism of linear congruential generator.
VED: Abbreviation of vehicle excise duty.
HPD: Initialism of histrionic personality disorder.
ICD: Initialism of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
PPD: Initialism of paranoid personality disorder.
PPD: Initialism of postpartum depression.
PPD: Initialism of purified protein derivative.
PPD: Initialism of pixels per degree (“a measurement of the visual fidelity of a virtual reality headset”).
PPD: proplyd; Abbreviation of protoplanetary disc.
TBR: Initialism of tree bisection and reconnection.
TBR: Initialism of to be resolved.
TBR: Initialism of to be read.
THF: Initialism of tetrahydrofuran.
THF: Initialism of tetrahydrofolate.
SFF: Alternative form of SF&F
SFF: Initialism of small form factor.
UWO: Initialism of unexplained wealth order.
DBC: circumcoronene; Abbreviation of dodecabenzocoronene.
MBS: Initialism of mortgage-backed security.
MBS: Initialism of mother's brother's son.
MDD: Initialism of major depressive disorder.
PBN: Initialism of parabigeminal nucleus.
CBG: Abbreviation of cannabigerol.
CBG: Initialism of carrier battle group.
Leb: a Lebanese or Middle Eastern person.
NNP: Initialism of net national product.
EJK: Initialism of extrajudicial killing.
OFW: Initialism of Overseas Filipino Worker.
ODO: Initialism of off-duty officer.
TBN: Initialism of total base number.
SAn: Abbreviation of South African.
GaN: gallium nitride.
PKP: Initialism of penetrating keratoplasty.
PTE: Initialism of partnership enterprise.
RTI: Initialism of ramp travel index. (a measure of offroad performance)
RTI: Initialism of returnable transport item.
RTI: Initialism of resistance to interrogation.
RTX: Initialism of resiniferatoxin: a TRPV1 agonist, extracted from Euphorbia resinifera.
RTX: Abbreviation of rituximab.
BTS: Initialism of bug tracking system.
GOV: Initialism of government-owned vehicle.
NCM: Initialism of nickel-cobalt-manganese. (a type of lithium cell chemistry)
C3G: Abbreviation of cyanidin-3-glucoside, a.k.a. chrysanthemin.
GDW: Geographical data warehouse
JPG: Alternative spelling of JPEG
BMO: Initialism of black moving object: a woman wearing a burqa
AUI: Initialism of absolute uterine infertility.
nw.: Abbreviation of northwest.
ne.: Abbreviation of northeast.
se.: Abbreviation of southeast.
sw.: Abbreviation of southwest.
MLW: Initialism of mean low water.
ANF: Initialism of anti-nuclear factor.
ANF: Initialism of atrial natriuretic factor.
CLV: Initialism of constant linear velocity, a qualifier for the rated speed of an optical drive.
CLV: Initialism of customer lifetime value, an estimation of a customer's total worth over the entire relationship.
CLV: Abbreviation of commercial launch vehicle.
SAF: Initialism of sustainable aviation fuel.
TOI: icetime; Abbreviation of time on ice.
TOI: Abbreviation of TESS object of interest.
TCE: Initialism of trichloroethylene.
TCE: Initialism of technology-critical element.
DWM: Initialism of down woody material.
DWD: Initialism of down woody debris.
CFM: Initialism of cubic foot per minute. (ft³/min)
BWM: Initialism of Biel water maze.
MPC: Initialism of marginal propensity to consume.
MCB: Initialism of miniature circuit breaker.
MCB: Initialism of Muslim Commercial Bank.
LCX: Abbreviation of left circumflex artery.
LAD: Abbreviation of left anterior descending artery.
LAD: Initialism of local authority district.
DSA: Initialism of donor-specific antibody.
UGG: Alternative form of ugg
PRA: Initialism of President of the Royal Academy.
PHV: Initialism of private hire vehicle.
PPA: Initialism of Personal Package Archive (software repository for managing source packages in Ubuntu)
PPA: Initialism of public place of amusement.
FAR: floor area ratio
uie: Alternative form of uey.
LDW: Initialism of loss disguised as a win (as presented by gambling machines etc.)
GAN: Acronym of generative adversarial network.
GAN: Initialism of Great American Novel.
GAN: Acronym of giant axonal neuropathy.
BPB: Initialism of bromophenol blue.
BPB: Initialism of BIOS parameter block.
TOW: Initialism of tube-launched, optically tracked, wire-guided: a kind of antitank missile.
wmk: Abbreviation of watermark.
DAc: Initialism of Doctor of acupuncture.
CoA: Abbreviation of coenzyme A.
CoA: Initialism of certificate of airworthiness.
CoA: Alternative spelling of COA
GTR: Initialism of Gypsy, Traveller and Roma.
LMN: Initialism of lower motor neuron.
ATD: Initialism of anthropomorphic test device.
ATD: Initialism of anthropomorphic test device.
ATD: Initialism of anthropomorphic test dummy.
PAG: Initialism of polyacrylamide gel.
PAG: Initialism of periaqueductal gray.
WOV: Initialism of window of vulnerability.
WAW: Initialism of write after write, a kind of data hazard.
AoA: Alternative form of AOA (“"A..." of "A..."”)
AoA: Initialism of angle of attack.
AoA: Alternative form of AOA (“"A..." of "A..."”)
AoA: Initialism of age of attraction.
6ix: Alternative spelling of six (“6”)
TVC: Initialism of television commercial.
TVC: Initialism of thrust vector control.
TVC: Initialism of town vending committee.
HRP: Initialism of horseradish peroxidase.
EDK: Initialism of Euro death-knot.
AEO: Initialism of attachment of earnings order.
AEO: Initialism of alternative episcopal oversight.
EoP: Initialism of elevation of privilege.
GCN: Nintendo GameCube, a sixth-generation home console
urd: Alternative spelling of urad
PRL: Abbreviation of prolactin.
PBH: Initialism of primordial black hole.
ft³: Abbreviation of cubic foot.
IMU: Initialism of inertial measurement unit.
RVO: Initialism of return value optimization.
PNN: Abbreviation of planetary nebula nucleus.
PNN: The gene that encodes for the pinin protein
PNN: pinin, the PNN protein, encoded by the PNN gene
LAc: Initialism of licensed acupuncturist.
HPR: Initialism of haptoglobin-related protein.
DRV: Abbreviation of darunavir.
MPR: Initialism of multiplanar reconstruction.
MPR: Initialism of medication possession ratio, a measure of how much medication a patient has been given.
PRM: Initialism of patrol resource management.
MAT: Initialism of medication-assisted treatment.
PCD: Initialism of post-con depression.
PCD: Initialism of primary ciliary dyskinesia.
ZLR: Ellipsis of ZLR camera.
ZLR: Ellipsis of ZLR system.
Zed: Alternative form of Z (“a member of Generation Z”).
GNI: Gross national income.
tRF: Abbreviation of transfer RNA-derived fragment.
er.: Abbreviation of ermine.
BVD: Initialism of bovine viral diarrhea.
MNC: Abbreviation of multinational corporation.
GBV: Initialism of gender-based violence.
E&E: Initialism of escape and evasion.
CRD: Initialism of custodial release date.
EDR: Initialism of earliest date of release.
EDR: Initialism of event data recorder.
1LC: Initialism of one-life clear: the feat of playing through a video game from start to finish without ever losing a life.
PRS: Initialism of pervasive refusal syndrome.
PRS: Initialism of President of the Royal Society.
PRS: Initialism of Pierre Robin sequence or syndrome.
3QT: Initialism of three-quarter time.
ISE: Initialism of in-service education.
ISE: Initialism of integrated scripting environment.
BEE: Initialism of Black Economic Empowerment.
WPW: Initialism of Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
AFR: Initialism of automatic face/facial recognition.
REO: Initialism of real estate owned. (property owned by a lender)
k8s: Abbreviation of Kubernetes.
FIP: Acronym of fucking Illinois people; chiefly used by year-round inhabitants of tourist towns: a tourist to southwestern Michigan or northwestern Indiana lakeshore towns from the Chicago area; especially a wealthy such tourist.
FIP: Acronym of feline infectious peritonitis.
FOV: Initialism of field of view.
FOV: Initialism of field of vision.
PVE: Initialism of partial volume effect.
PVE: Alternative letter-case form of PvE.
AfD: Initialism of articles for deletion.
M&E: Initialism of music and effects.
MBO: Initialism of management by objective.
TDN: Initialism of total digestible nutrients.
S&D: Initialism of song and dance.
UMD: Initialism of Universal Media Disc.
DAM: Initialism of digital asset management.
u/s: Abbreviation of understudy.
u/s: Abbreviation of ultrasound; also U/S, US.
U/S: Abbreviation of ultrasound; also u/s, US.
VDR: Initialism of voyage data recorder.
VDR: Initialism of virtual data room.
VDR: Abbreviation of vitamin D receptor.
VDR: Initialism of voltage dependent resistor.
VDR: Initialism of voltage divider rule or voltage division rule.
CoR: College of Radiographers, a charitable subsidiary of the Society of Radiographers.
CoR: European Committee of the Regions, the European Union's assembly of local and regional representatives.
CoR: Confederation of Regions Party of Canada, Canadian political party.
RPA: Initialism of remotely piloted aircraft.
RPA: Initialism of robotic process automation.
RPA: Initialism of random phase approximation.
RPA: Privately-operated retirement home
PDK: Initialism of polydiketoenamine.
CRL: Initialism of certificate revocation list.
TCI: Initialism of theme centered interaction.
5/4: A meter of five quarter notes per measure.
ZEC: Acronym of zero-emission certificate.
ZEC: Acronym of zero-emission credits.
M/T: Initialism of motor trawler. A trawler fishing vessel propelled by an internal combustion engine, instead of sails or steam engine
DIT: Initialism of diet-induced thermogenesis.
DIT: Initialism of digital intermediate technician.
DIT: Initialism of digital imaging technician.
VVA: Initialism of variable valve actuation.
TEI: Initialism of trans-Earth injection.
20K: A road race or racewalk over 20 000 metres, such as the 20K race walk at the Olympic Games.
50K: A 50 kilometer race.
10K: A road race over 10 000 metres.
UOP: Initialism of user operation prohibition: a deliberate restriction preventing the viewer from skipping advertisements, copyright messages, etc. in certain recorded media
TLV: Initialism of type-length-value, a class of file formats that store a data type, the length of the data, and then the data itself.
COH: Initialism of court of honor.
ELN: Abbreviation of equity-linked note.
XON: transmit on
MBC: Initialism of merit badge counselor.
ATU: Initialism of antenatal testing unit.
ATU: Initialism of assessment and treatment unit.
ATU: Initialism of autonomous territorial unit.
ATU: Initialism of address translation unit.
ATU: Initialism of antenna tuning unit.
ATU: Initialism of amphibious task unit.
ATU: Initialism of accumulated thermal unit.
txn: Abbreviation of transaction.
txn: Abbreviation of transcription.
AoE: Alternative form of AOE (“"A..." of "E..."”)
TIF: Initialism of trans-identified female.
TIF: Short for TIFF.
DCV: Initialism of directional control valve.
DCV: Initialism of demand-controlled ventilation.
DCV: Initialism of domain control validation.
DCV: Initialism of deep water construction vessel.
DCV: Initialism of Drosophila C virus.
LUT: Acronym of lookup table.
WKT: Initialism of well-known text (“a text representation used in geometry markup”).
AYA: Acronym of adolescent or young adult.
BRV: Initialism of Blue River virus.
in.: Abbreviation of inch.
DOO: Initialism of driver-only operation.
IDH: Initialism of isocitrate dehydrogenase.
WHR: Initialism of waist-hip ratio.
WHR: Initialism of waist-height ratio.
VCB: A vacuum circuit breaker.
kly: Abbreviation of kilolight-year.
zav: A state of ritual impurity arising from abnormal seminal discharge by the male.
zav: A person who is impure for this reason.
1v1: An exercise in which one player is pitted against one other player, as opposed to team play.
1v1: A style of player versus player gaming in which one player is pitted against one other player.
M/C: Abbreviation of motorcycle.
NPH: Initialism of neutral protamine Hagedorn, the isophane form of insulin.
DNI: Initialism of direct neural interface.
DNI: Initialism of direct normal irradiance.
DNI: Initialism of direct normal insolation.
DNI: Initialism of do not interact: a list of types of people who are requested not to interact with the user posting the list.
RWC: Initialism of Rugby World Cup.
MTM: acronym of mother tongue medium; a medium in which the native language of the population is used, such as in education or in writing.
MTM: Initialism of medium-term memory.
SPH: Initialism of small penis humiliation.
SPH: Initialism of strategically placed hole (“a hole in a plush toy intended to simulate a vagina or anus”).
PAW: Abbreviation of plasma arc welding. (an arc welding technology)
PAW: Abbreviation of plasma arc weld. (a weld created with the PAW process)
UAS: Initialism of Unmanned Aircraft/Aerial System(s).
CGM: Initialism of circumgalactic medium.
CGM: Initialism of continuous glucose monitor.
CGM: Initialism of continuous glucose monitoring.
EPI: Initialism of echoplanar image/imaging.
EPI: Initialism of ends per inch.
CNL: Initialism of controlled natural language.
GBF: Initialism of gay best friend.
MRC: Initialism of major regional conflict.
OTS: Initialism of opportunity to see.
rly: Abbreviation of railway.
BIR: Initialism of British Indian restaurant.
BTA: Initialism of best time available (for publishing or broadcasting).
DLP: Initialism of data loss prevention.
DLP: Initialism of defect liability period.
fuq: Deliberate misspelling of fuck.
PEV: Initialism of plug-in electric vehicle.
PEV: Initialism of provincial episcopal visitor.
SUD: Acronym of subjective unit of disturbance.
mtx: Abbreviation of microtransaction.
FTX: Abbreviation of field training exercise.
MTX: Abbreviation of maitotoxin.
MTX: Abbreviation of methotrexate.
5BX: Initialism of Five Basic Exercises. (A popular mid-20th-century exercise regime in Canada.)
XBX: Initialism of Ten Basic Exercises. (A popular mid-20th-century exercise regime in Canada.)
a**: Censored spelling of ass.
UCT: Initialism of uncorrelated target.
FCM: Initialism of flow cytometry.
FCM: Initialism of food contact material.
FCM: Initialism of fuel-containing material.
FCM: Initialism of fuzzy cognitive map.
FCM: Initialism of futures commission merchant.
ABU: Initialism of anyone but United: a fan who dislikes Manchester United and will support any team that is playing against them.
NCS: Initialism of neotenic complex syndrome.
CRU: Initialism of collective reserve unit.
APV: Initialism of administrative point of view.
AEW: Initialism of airborne early warning, describing an aircraft dedicated to the radar surveillance mission.
chg: Abbreviation of change.
chg: Abbreviation of charge.
STh: Abbreviation of student in theology.
qy.: Abbreviation of query.
qy.: Abbreviation of quantity.
qu.: Abbreviation of query.
qu.: Abbreviation of question.
BRG: Initialism of British racing green.
STE: Abbreviation of suite. (STE is preferred by the United States Postal Service; compare Ste. and ste.)
ADU: Initialism of accessory dwelling unit.
NCD: Initialism of no-claims discount.
NCD: Initialism of non-communicable disease.
807: A bottle of beer.
TVI: Initialism of television interference.
TVI: Initialism of tactical vehicle intervention.
XYL: One's wife.
RFE: Initialism of reason for encounter. (the symptom or complaint that causes a patient to seek medical advice)
DHW: Initialism of domestic hot water.
PHF: Initialism of Potomac horse fever.
QBT: Initialism of qualified blind trust.
ct.: Abbreviation of century.
ct.: Abbreviation of court.
NJP: Initialism of nonjudicial punishment.
QLC: Initialism of quad-level cell.
M&V: Initialism of meat and vegetable (rations).
nGs: Abbreviation of nanogausses. plural of nG (“nanogauss”); Nonstandard form of nG (“nanogauss”).
KGs: Abbreviation of kilogausses. plural of KG (“kilogauss”) Nonstandard form of kG (“kilogauss”).
ngs: Abbreviation of nanograms. plural of ng (“nanogramme”); Nonstandard form of ng (“nanogrammes”).
GNS: Initialism of grape neutral spirit (“vinous alcohol”).
GNS: Initialism of grain neutral spirit.
GNS: Initialism of glucosamine (N-acetyl)-6-sulfatase.
kGs: Abbreviation of kilogausses. plural of kG (“kilogauss”) Nonstandard form of kG (“kilogauss”).
N95: N95; Ellipsis of NIOSH N95.
N95: The N95 standard.
N95: N95; Ellipsis of NIOSH N95.
N95: An N95 filter.
Cup: A win of a championship that is awarded a cup.
Cup: A win of an event comprising part of the championship, which is awarded a cup
NNT: Initialism of number needed to treat.
CD8: A glycoprotein found on the surface of cytotoxic T cells and several other types of immune cells.
CD8: A CD8+ cytotoxic T cell.
ONJ: Abbreviation of osteonecrosis of the jaw.
R/V: Initialism of research vessel;
DLB: Initialism of dementia with Lewy bodies.
NPV: Initialism of negative pressure ventilation.
NPV: Initialism of negative pressure ventilator.
NPV: Initialism of net present value.
CXR: Initialism of chest X-ray.
THV: Initialism of transcatheter heart valve.
HCP: Initialism of healthcare personnel.
HCP: Initialism of healthcare professional.
HCP: Initialism of host cell protein.
HCP: Initialism of high-card point.
OAC: Initialism of oral anticoagulant.
HCQ: Abbreviation of hydroxychloroquine.
40S: The small subunit of the eukaryotic 80S ribosomes.
60S: The large subunit of the eukaryotic 80S ribosomes.
E-R: Alternative form of ER; Initialism of entity-relationship.
ZDV: Abbreviation of zidovudine.
ddI: Abbreviation of dideoxyinosine; also DDI.
SQV: Abbreviation of saquinavir.
DLV: Abbreviation of delavirdine.
IDV: Abbreviation of indinavir.
IDV: Initialism of influenza D virus.
ETR: Abbreviation of etravirine.
ETR: Initialism of estimated time of restoration.
RTV: Abbreviation of ritonavir.
UXD: Initialism of user experience design.
VLP: Initialism of virus-like particle.
VLP: Abbreviation of video long play.; an early version of LaserDisc disc
RBP: Initialism of retinol-binding protein.
RBP: Initialism of RNA-binding protein.
RBP: Initialism of restrictive business practice.
EtO: Abbreviation of ethylene oxide.
FFR: Abbreviation of filtering facepiece respirator.
FFR: Abbreviation of fractional flow reserve.
FFR: Abbreviation of free-flowing river.
VHP: Abbreviation of vaporous hydrogen peroxide.
LHP: Abbreviation of liquid hydrogen peroxide.
LHP: Abbreviation of lipid hydroperoxide.
GGO: Initialism of ground-glass opacity.
5-K: Alternative form of 5K.
HCM: Initialism of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
HCM: Initialism of human capital management.
DCM: Initialism of dilated cardiomyopathy.
DCM: Initialism of deputy chief of mission.
DCM: Initialism of dichloromethane.
RCM: Initialism of restrictive cardiomyopathy.
RCM: Initialism of regional county municipality (a county administered as a municipality; a regional municipality, a county-level municipality).
RCM: Initialism of regional climate model.
RCM: Initialism of radiative-convective model.
CZT: Initialism of cadmium zinc telluride; also CdZnTe.
VAP: Abbreviation of ventilator-associated pneumonia.
VAP: Abbreviation of visiting assistant professor.
EEE: Initialism of eastern equine encephalitis.
EEE: Initialism of earthquake environmental effect(s).
EEE: Initialism of electrical and electronic equipment.
mAb: Abbreviation of monoclonal antibody.
HOY: Initialism of head of year.
g'ô: Alternative spelling of gho
gho: The traditional male costume in Bhutan, consisting of a knee-length robe tied at the waist by a cloth belt.
ayy: Alien.
EUS: Initialism of endoscopic ultrasound.
ESV: Initialism of end-systolic volume.
BYM: Initialism of bright young man.
CRA: Initialism of credit reference agency.
pce: Abbreviation of piece.
WOG: Initialism of water-oil-gas, typically marked on valves that are acceptable for use with these fluids.
K/D: Abbreviation of kill-to-death ratio.
AGV: Initialism of Automated Guided Vehicle.
TDM: Initialism of therapeutic drug monitoring.
TDM: Initialism of team deathmatch.
WFH: Initialism of working from home.
WFH: Initialism of work for hire.
CNF: Abbreviation of carbon nanofiber.
CNF: Abbreviation of cellulose nanofibre. (a type of nanocellulose)
PGC: Abbreviation of porous graphitic carbon.
VBL: Abbreviation of vinblastine.
WEA: Initialism of work-exacerbated asthma.
qac: Abbreviation of quaternary ammonium cation.
qac: Abbreviation of quaternary ammonium compound.
qac: Ellipsis of qac gene. (a gene conveying resistance to quaternary ammonium compounds)
VRB: Abbreviation of vinorelbine.
VRB: Initialism of vanadium redox battery.
AIV: Abbreviation of angiotensin IV.
QAC: Alternative form of qac (“quaternary ammonium”)
QAC: Abbreviation of quality assurance and control.
AII: Abbreviation of airborne infection isolation.
AII: Abbreviation of angiotensin II.
AII: Abbreviation of atavistic-idiosyncratic idiolect.
NPG: Initialism of neopentyl glycol.
DPG: Abbreviation of dipropyleneglycol.
DPG: Abbreviation of diphosphoglycerate.
DPG: Abbreviation of dihydroxyphenylglycine.
SWL: Initialism of sound power level.
SWL: Initialism of shock-wave lithotripsy.
SWL: Initialism of shortwave listening.
SWL: Initialism of shortwave listener.
MOQ: Initialism of minimum order quantity.
BIE: Initialism of black identity extremist.
UAP: Initialism of unidentified aerial phenomenon; synonym of UFO (“unidentified flying object”)
GSH: Abbreviation of glutathione.
BiW: Alternative form of BIW
BIW: Abbreviation of body in white.
QAS: Abbreviation of quaternary ammonium salt.
ool: A swimming pool, to which urinating is not allowed.
EMC: Initialism of electromagnetic compatibility.
EMC: Initialism of ethylmethyl carbonate.
LVH: Initialism of left ventricular hypertrophy.
RVH: Initialism of right ventricular hypertrophy.
tTG: Abbreviation of tissue transglutaminase.
sGC: Abbreviation of soluble guanylyl cyclase.
BUD: Initialism of benzodiazepine use disorder.
BUD: Initialism of big ugly dish.
IBC: Initialism of intermediate bulk container.
LAV: Acronym of light armoured vehicle. (a type of military armoured car)
LAV: Initialism of lymphadenopathy-associated virus.
AXR: Initialism of abdominal X-ray.
SDW: Initialism of spin-density wave.
SDW: Initialism of static discharge wick.
MKV: Short for Matroska Video, a multimedia container format.
AVS: Initialism of angle of vanishing stability.
PCr: Abbreviation of phosphocreatine.
CPK: Initialism of creatine phosphokinase.
ROB: Region of background (in digital images).
Grt: Abbreviation of garnet.
HQC: Abbreviation of higher level quality control., high level quality control, higher quality control, high quality control
HQC: Abbreviation of high quality connection.
HQC: Abbreviation of hydroxyquinolinecarbonyl.
FSR: Initialism of First Strike Ration.
CMI: Initialism of coded mark inversion.
BLP: Initialism of biography of a living person.
HOF: Initialism of hall of fame.
HOF: Initialism of hall-of-famer.
HOF: Initialism of higher-order function.
$$$: A large amount of money.
CWG: Initialism of constant-wear garment.
TMB: Initialism of tetramethylbenzidine.
TMB: Initialism of trimethylborane.
CTP: Initialism of compulsory third party (insurance)
CTP: Initialism of climate tipping point.
CTP: Initialism of computer-to-plate.
TDY: Abbreviation of temporary duty.
VSD: Initialism of ventricular septal defect.
VSD: Initialism of visible-surface determination.
TSD: Initialism of Tay-Sachs disease.
BCI: Initialism of bit-count integrity.
BCI: Initialism of brain-computer interface.
PMD: Initialism of personal mobility device.
PMD: Initialism of premenstrual dysphoria, synonym of premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
PMD: Initialism of post-micturition dribble.
CCT: Initialism of compulsory competitive tendering.
CCT: Initialism of company combat team.
CCT: Initialism of corps combat team.
CCT: Initialism of crime control theater / theatre.
CCT: Initialism of cha chaan teng.
cmm: Abbreviation of cubic millimetre.
NBH: Abbreviation of non-black hole. (any theoretical alternative to black holes)
NBH: Initialism of number of black holes. a count of black holes withing a given region (such as a galaxy)
ULX: Ellipsis of ultraluminous X-ray pulsar (“ULX pulsar”).
ULX: Ellipsis of ultraluminous X-ray source (“ULX source”).
SBH: Abbreviation of stellar black hole (“collapsar”).
SBH: Abbreviation of supermassive black hole.
SBH: Abbreviation of small black hole (“macroscopic black hole”).
SBH: Abbreviation of Bekenstein-Hawking entropy.
SBH: Abbreviation of Schottky barrier height.
PMN: Abbreviation of polymorphonuclear.
MBH: Abbreviation of black hole mass.
MBH: Abbreviation of massive black hole (“supercollapsar”).
MBH: Abbreviation of massive black hole (“large and very large black holes / intermediate-mass and super-massive black holes”).
MBH: Abbreviation of macroscopic black hole (“small / stellar-mass black hole”).
MBH: Abbreviation of microscopic black hole.
MBH: Abbreviation of micro black hole.
MBH: Abbreviation of mini black hole.
PTM: Initialism of parent–teacher meeting.
PTM: Initialism of posttranslational modification.
COF: Initialism of circle of fifths.
COF: Initialism of circle of fourths.
COF: Initialism of coefficient of friction.
SCS: Initialism of supervised consumption site.
NG+: Initialism of new game plus.
GFS: Initialism of Global Forecast System.
CPD: Initialism of critical point drying.
CPD: Initialism of continuing professional development.
CPD: Abbreviation of circumplanetary disc.
CPD: Initialism of cephalopelvic disproportion.
JHP: Abbreviation of jacketed hollow point (“bullet”), a type of round. a lead bullet with a metal jacket that surrounds the whole side, and a hollowed out or dented in front tip
FMJ: Abbreviation of full metal jacket.
MGE: Initialism of mobile genetic element.
MFI: Initialism of multiport fuel injection.
MFI: Initialism of multipoint fuel injection.
MFI: Initialism of mechanical fuel injection.
VWD: Initialism of von Willebrand disease.
VWF: Initialism of von Willebrand factor.
VWF: Initialism of vibration white finger.
GLM: Initialism of generalized linear model.
IPR: Initialism of intellectual property right.
IPR: Initialism of injector pressure regulator.
GEN: Initialism of group exemption number.
QPA: Initialism of quality point average.
FER: A gene responsible for encoding proto-oncogene tyrosine-protein kinase FER.
Zot: Short for zonula occludens toxin, a secretion of Vibrio cholerae.
BNO: Initialism of British National (Overseas), a legal status granted by the British government to certain residents of Hong Kong.
BNO: A British passport held by someone with British National (Overseas) status.
TPF: Initialism of tibial plateau fracture.
GVR: An order from the Supreme Court of the United States summarily disposing of a petition for certiorari by granting the petition, vacating the judgment of the lower court, and remanding to the lower court for reconsideration.
mxn: Feminist spelling of man
PiP: Initialism of picture-in-picture.
JTB: Initialism of justified true belief.
IIA: Initialism of independence of irrelevant alternatives.
VKA: Initialism of Vitamin K antagonist.
H&H: Initialism of hemoglobin and hematocrit. (as a combined blood test)
MSU: Initialism of Microsoft Update.
ERW: Initialism of enhanced-radiation weapon.
ERW: Acronym of explosive remnant of war.
HSR: Initialism of high-speed rail.
HSR: Initialism of hidden-surface removal.
PEM: Initialism of polymer electrolyte membrane.
PEM: Initialism of proton exchange membrane.
PEM: Acronym of power electronics module.
PEM: Initialism of post-exertional malaise.
E&G: Initialism of electricity and gas.
E&G: Initialism of excision and grafting.
GOT: Abbreviation of glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase.
GOT: Abbreviation of geranyl-pyrophosphate-olivetolic acid geranyltransferase or geranyl-diphosphate:olivetolate geranyltransferase.
GOT: Alternative form of GoT (“Game of Thrones”)
GOT: Initialism of global offset table.
T2D: Initialism of type 2 diabetes.
T1D: Initialism of type 1 diabetes.
PIH: Initialism of pregnancy-induced hypertension.
LGA: Initialism of land grid array.
LGA: Initialism of local government area.
CFK: Alternative form of CFC, a class of molecules containing chlorine, fluorine and carbon atoms
NET: Acronym of neutrophil extracellular trap.
YOI: Initialism of young offender institution.
LNB: Abbreviation of low-noise block downconverter., a device that amplifies a high frequency band of radio spectrum and converts it to a lower frequency used in satellite communications
slv: Abbreviation of sleeve.
PNM: Initialism of potential new member (especially of a fraternity or sorority).
2WW: Abbreviation of two-week wait. (between ovulation and the expected period, to determine whether one is pregnant)
BLW: Initialism of baby-led weaning.
DMN: Initialism of default mode network.
DMN: Initialism of dimethylnitrosamine.
NRT: Initialism of nicotine replacement therapy.
NRT: Initialism of neuroreflexotherapy.
DDC: Alternative form of ddC, abbreviation of dideoxycytidine.
CEL: Acronym of check engine light.
cak: A type of string instrument from Indonesia.
JND: Just-noticeable difference, the amount by which something must be changed in order for it to be detectable at least 50% of the time.
KSC: Initialism of Kuwait stock company.
rta: The Vedic principle of natural order that regulates the operation of the universe.
LZO: Initialism of lanthanum-zirconium-oxide. (La₂Zr₂O₇; a dielectric)
LZO: Initialism of lithium-zinc-oxide. (lithium-doped zinc oxide)
LZO: Initialism of Lempel-Ziv-Oberhumer. (a lossless data compression algorithm)
LFO: Initialism of low-frequency oscillation.
N99: N99; Ellipsis of NIOSH N99.
N99: N99 standard
N99: N99; Ellipsis of NIOSH N99.
N99: N99 filter
R95: R95; Ellipsis of NIOSH R95.
R95: R95 standard
R95: R95; Ellipsis of NIOSH R95.
R95: R95 filter
R99: R99; Ellipsis of NIOSH R99.
R99: R99 standard
R99: R99; Ellipsis of NIOSH R99.
R99: R99 filter
P99: P99; Ellipsis of NIOSH P99.
P99: P99 standard
P99: P99; Ellipsis of NIOSH P99.
P99: P99 filter
P95: P95; Ellipsis of NIOSH P95.
P95: P95 standard
P95: P95; Ellipsis of NIOSH P95.
P95: P95 filter
SKD: Initialism of semi-knockdown.
R2I: Initialism of resistance to interrogation.
9/8: A meter of nine quavers per measure.
YAF: Initialism of young adult fiction.
Hct: Abbreviation of hematocrit/haematocrit.
HGB: Abbreviation of hemoglobin/haemoglobin.
Hgb: Abbreviation of hemoglobin/haemoglobin.
HCT: Abbreviation of hydrochlorothiazide.
HCT: Abbreviation of hematocrit/haematocrit.
hct: Abbreviation of hematocrit/haematocrit.
VBM: Initialism of vote-by-mail.
Uda: A kind of African long-legged sheep, typically having a brown or black front half and a white rear half.
AFS: Initialism of air force station.
990: An IRS form for tax-exempt organizations (such as charities).
W-9: A form to declare that someone is a U.S. tax payer.
EAL: Initialism of English as an additional language.
EAL: Abbreviation of East Asia Library or East Asian Library
E O: A game of chance, in which a ball falls into one of several ditches marked "E" or "O".
uzh: Alternative form of uzhe; Clipping of usual.
PAA: Initialism of polyacrylic acid.
TME: Initialism of total mesorectal excision.
DSE: Initialism of display screen equipment.
SWG: Initialism of standard wire gauge.
CRH: Initialism of corticotropin-releasing hormone.
QHD: Initialism of quad high definition (“2560×1440 pixels”).
QHD: Initialism of quantum hadrodynamics.
QHD: Initialism of quantum hydrodynamics.
DVE: Abbreviation of domestic violent extremist.
DVE: Abbreviation of digital video effect.
HVE: Abbreviation of homegrown violent extremist.
HVE: Abbreviation of high volatile ester.
SET: Gene for a human protein involved in apoptosis, transcription and nucleosome assembly.
SET: Initialism of Simulated Emergency Test., an amateur radio training exercise.
Sri: Alternative form of Shri
KDR: Abbreviation of kill-to-death ratio.
P&L: Abbreviation of profit and loss.
VGM: Initialism of video game music.
šāh: Rare spelling of shah.
šâh: Rare spelling of shah.
TDZ: Initialism of temporal dead zone.
TDZ: Initialism of touchdown zone.
wug: An imaginary creature resembling a bird, used in the Wug Test to investigate the acquisition of the plural form in English-speaking children.
wug: In folk taxonomy, a creature with worm or insect features; colloquially, a bug or creepy-crawly.
O&M: Initialism of organization and methods.
AGE: Initialism of advanced glycation end-product.
AGE: Initialism of agarose gel electrophoresis.
AGE: Initialism of allyl glycidyl ether.
LUA: Acronym of launch under attack.
CDW: Initialism of charge-density wave.
LOW: Acronym of launch on warning.
cfg: Alternative letter-case form of CFG
Wop: Alternative letter-case form of wop (“derogatory: Italian”)
QoL: Initialism of quality of life.
WOP: Acronym of workshop-oriented programming.
TGF: Initialism of terrestrial gamma-ray flash.
TGF: Abbreviation of tubuloglomerular feedback.
TGF: Initialism of transforming growth factor.
hdc: Initialism of half double crochet.
hdc: The headcase gene.
FNA: Initialism of fine-needle aspiration.
PHU: Initialism of public health unit.
LPE: Initialism of local privilege escalation.
JRA: Initialism of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
PEW: Initialism of pink-eyed white (mouse or rat).
QTM: Abbreviation of quantum Turing machine.
QTM: Abbreviation of quaternary triangular mesh.
QTM: Abbreviation of quarter turn metric.
EGG: Initialism of electroglottography.
RhD: Rhesus factor D, an antigen in the Rhesus system.
C3I: Initialism of command, control, communications and intelligence.
C3I: Initialism of command, control, communications and information.
I-D: Abbreviation of Internet Draft.
CTI: Initialism of Computer Telephony Integration.
CTI: Initialism of central tire inflation.
UNG: Abbreviation of Uracil-DNA glycosylase.
GTT: Initialism of Geiger tube telescope.
GTT: Initialism of global title translation.
GTT: Initialism of glucose tolerance test.
GTT: Initialism of graphics translation table.
A-G: Alternative form of AG
G6P: Initialism of glucose 6-phosphate.
MLU: Initialism of mean length of utterance.
MLU: Initialism of midwife-led unit.
MLU: Initialism of mirror lock-up.
pu.: Abbreviation of purpure.
pfp: Abbreviation of profile picture.
VTS: Initialism of vanishing testes syndrome.
VTS: Initialism of vanishing twin syndrome.
VTS: Initialism of vehicle telematics system.
VTS: Initialism of vehicle tracking system.
SXS: Alternative form of SxS
UTV: Initialism of utility task vehicle.
SPI: Initialism of single-point interchange.
SPI: Initialism of Serial Peripheral Interface.
ILR: Initialism of indefinite leave to remain.
BQS: Abbreviation of bus queue shelter or bus que shelter (“bus shelter”).
kt.: Abbreviation of knight.
CLD: Initialism of chronic Lyme disease.
THR: Abbreviation of target heart rate.
THR: Abbreviation of total hip replacement.
THR: Abbreviation of through-hole reflow soldering.
PTD: Initialism of period to date.
ADV: Initialism of average daily volume.
NMO: Initialism of neuromyelitis optica.
IMG: image, photo
IMG: A disk image of a filesystem.
svr: Abbreviation of server.
FMD: Initialism of fibromuscular dysplasia.
FMD: Initialism of functional movement disorder.
FMD: Initialism of foot-and-mouth disease.
is.: Abbreviation of Islands. (also Is.)
emf: Alternative letter-case form of EMF ("electromotive force")
NDF: Initialism of non-deliverable forward, a cash-settled FX forward.
GNM: Initialism of Germanic New Medicine.
RFB: Initialism of room, food and beverage. (offered as an incentive by casinos)
RFB: Abbreviation of remote frame buffer (protocol).
RFB: Initialism of request for bid.
RMD: Initialism of ready money down, i.e. paid immediately at time of purchase.
RMD: Initialism of required minimum distribution.
F&R: Initialism of forecasting and replenishment.
CWB: Initialism of counterproductive work/workplace behavior.
PAO: Initialism of polyalphaolefin.
ITP: Initialism of immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
ITP: Initialism of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
ITP: Initialism of interpreter training program.
ddC: Abbreviation of dideoxycytidine.
TRN: Initialism of transaction reference number., a reference code for a bank transfer
Voc: Alternative form of VOC; from V_(OC); Initialism of open-circuit voltage.
VoC: Alternative form of VOC
VoC: Alternative form of VOC
VoC: Abbreviation of variant of concern.
pcm: per cent mille (1000 pcm = 1%)
GSB: Initialism of green sulphur bacterium, green sulfur bacteria.
FLD: Abbreviation of farmer's lung disease.
FLD: Abbreviation of fatty liver disease.
FLD: Abbreviation of Fazio-Londe disease.
NPU: Initialism of neural processing unit (“neural processor”).
NPU: Initialism of network processing unit (“network processor”).
NPU: Initialism of numeric processing unit, numerical processing unit (“numeric processor”).
VUI: Abbreviation of voice user interface.
VUI: Abbreviation of video usability information.
VUI: Abbreviation of variant under investigation.
CUI: Abbreviation of command user interface.
CUI: Abbreviation of character-based user interface.
R&G: Initialism of rhythm and grime.
V16: An internal combustion engine with sixteen cylinders in two banks of eight in a V-formation.
OGC: Initialism of office of the general counsel.
OGC: Abbreviation of oculogyric crisis.
OVI: Initialism of operating a (motor) vehicle under the influence (of intoxicants).
OVI: Initialism of operating a vehicle while impaired/intoxicated.
BTH: Initialism of benzothiadiazole.
KOI: Abbreviation of Kepler/K1/K2 object of interest.
EIL: Initialism of English as an international language.
PNQ: Initialism of private notice question.
VPD: Initialism of vaccine-preventable disease.
poë: Short for poë-bird (“the tui, a species of honeyeater (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae), a bird which is endemic to New Zealand”).
FHD: Initialism of full high definition (“1920×1080 pixels”).
PTX: Abbreviation of pneumothorax.
PTX: Abbreviation of pentraxin.
PTX: Abbreviation of paclitaxel.
PTX: Abbreviation of pumiliotoxin.
PTX: Alternative form of PLTX: Abbreviation of palytoxin.
Y2k: Alternative form of Y2K
Sag: Clipping of Sagittarius.
cpp: Initialism of character(s) per pica.
FPN: Initialism of fixed penalty notice.
SAL: Initialism of structural adjustment loan.
BWT: Initialism of Burrows-Wheeler transform.
WoL: Initialism of wake-on-LAN.
Get: A member of the Getae.
FGS: Initialism of Federal Germany Ship. A ship prefix used for naval ships of the Federal German Republic, both West Germany and unified Germany.
FTV: Initialism of flight test vehicle.
VTE: Initialism of venous thromboembolism.
TR4: Initialism of tropical race 4; the pathogenic fungus Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cubense that causes Panama disease, which is 100% deadly to the Cavendish banana.
PTU: Initialism of police tactical unit.
PTU: Initialism of power transfer unit.
PTU: Initialism of paroxysmal tonic upgaze.
PTU: Abbreviation of propylthiouracil.
PTU: Abbreviation of phenylthiourea.
GSG: Initialism of grand strategy game.
IGS: Initialism of instrument guidance system.
LSJ: Abbreviation of Liddell–Scott–Jones or Liddell-Scott-Jones, another name of the Greek–English dictionary A Greek–English Lexicon by Henry George Liddell, Robert Scott and Henry Stuart Jones
RKE: Initialism of remote keyless entry.
SCZ: Abbreviation of schizophrenia.
MCM: Initialism of multi-chip module.
MCM: Initialism of mobile content management.
MCM: Initialism of (naval) mine countermeasure(s).
MCM: Initialism of medical countermeasure(s).
MCM: Initialism of mid-century modern.
MCM: Alternative form of mcm (“million cubic meters”)
MCM: Initialism of modern classical music.
SIJ: Acronym of sacroiliac joint.
OCO: Initialism of one cancels other, a type of order.
FEP: Abbreviation of front-end processor.
FEP: Initialism of fluorinated ethylene/propylene (a type of fluoropolymer).
NFT: Initialism of Nutrient Film Technique.
NFT: Initialism of neurofibrillary tangle.
NFT: Initialism of non-functional test.
NFT: Initialism of non-fungible token.
SSJ: Initialism of sole source justification.
CxO: Synonym of CXO
CWS: Initialism of control wheel steering.
UME: Initialism of unusual mortality event.
LCI: Initialism of landing craft, infantry.
bTB: Initialism of bovine tuberculosis.
L3C: Initialism of low-profit limited liability company.
NPN: Short for NPN transistor.
NPN: Initialism of non-protein nitrogen.
RDE: Abbreviation of rotating detonation engine.
RDE: Abbreviation of rotating disk electrode.
RDE: Abbreviation of real driving emissions.
SOX: Initialism of solid oxygen.
GLS: Initialism of GBAS landing system.
DEI: Initialism of diversity, equity, and inclusion.
PoW: Initialism of proof of work.
HVO: Initialism of hydrogenated vegetable oil. or hydro-treated vegetable oil (used as a biofuel)
VET: Initialism of vocational education and training.
SOW: Initialism of statement of work (“a document in project management, including deliverables and timelines”).
SOW: Initialism of standoff weapon.
LOM: Initialism of locator outer marker.
LOM: Initialism of Legion of Merit.
OoA: Initialism of Out of Africa (hypothesis).
NDB: Initialism of non-directional beacon, a type of radiobeacon used in air navigation which transmits an omnidirectional radio signal containing no encoded information about the direction from an aircraft to the beacon.
IDD: Acronym of intellectual and developmental disability.
TCU: Initialism of transmission control unit.
Cp.: Abbreviation of Captain.
uid: Alternative form of UID
GIL: Initialism of global interpreter lock.
OHK: Initialism of one-hit kill.
CFT: Initialism of conformal field theory.
CFT: Initialism of continuous Fourier transform.
CFT: Initialism of countering the financing of terrorism.
ESU: Initialism of emergency service(s) unit.
ESU: Abbreviation of electrosurgical unit. An RF electrosurgical generator
O&G: Alternative form of obs and gynae (Britain, Commonwealth, not Canada)
Bti: Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis, a type of bacterium used in the biological control of certain insects.
TKD: Initialism of tae kwon do.
TAT: Initialism of total air temperature.
TAT: Initialism of thematic apperception test.
PS5: Initialism of PlayStation 5.
LTN: Initialism of low-traffic neighbourhood.
PKM: Initialism of personal knowledge management.
P4P: Initialism of pay for performance.
P4P: Initialism of picture for picture. (proposing a trade of digital images)
P4P: Initialism of pay for play.
SEE: Initialism of single-event effect (a temporary or permanent fault caused by an ionizing radiation particle or ray striking a computer chip).
SEE: Initialism of Signed Exact English.
BWB: Initialism of blended wing-body.
BLI: Initialism of boundary layer ingestion.
SEL: Initialism of single-event latchup (a destructive internal short circuit produced by a particle of ionizing radiation striking a CMOS computer chip).
SEL: Initialism of Social–emotional learning.
SEL: Initialism of shelf edge label.
EQS: Abbreviation of environmental quality standard.
eqs: Abbreviation of equations.
eq.: Alternative form of eq
eq.: Abbreviation of equivalent.
C&D: Abbreviation of cease and desist.
Mly: Abbreviation of megalight-year.
SQT: Initialism of SEAL Qualification Training.
Kgn: Abbreviation of kingsman. (in the Duke of Lancaster's Regiment)
WFA: Initialism of weight for age.
VoI: Alternative form of VOI
VOI: Abbreviation of variant of interest.
VOI: Abbreviation of value of information.
VOI: Abbreviation of volume of interest.
DBF: Initialism of digital beamforming.
DBF: Initialism of digital beamformer.
KRI: Abbreviation of key risk indicator.
KDF: Initialism of Key derivation function.
EOY: Initialism of end of year.
VIW: Abbreviation of victim/informant/witness.
VIW: Abbreviation of violence in the workplace.
NSO: Initialism of non-skating official.
LPD: Initialism of landing, platform, dock.
LPV: Initialism of landing platform vessel/vehicle.
HKU: Abbreviation of HKEY_USERS, part of the registry containing settings for each user profile loaded on the machine.
H&I: Initialism of harassment and interdiction.
LSV: Abbreviation of low speed vehicle.
CGJ: Initialism of combining grapheme joiner.
P&S: Initialism of purchase and sale agreement.
Wob: A Wobbly (member of the Industrial Workers of the World).
LFP: Initialism of lithium-iron-phosphate. (Li-Fe-P ("phosphorus"))
sch: Abbreviation of school.
RXR: Abbreviation of retinoid X receptor.
RXR: Abbreviation of railroad/railway/rail-line/rail crossing.: a level crossing
LMF: Initialism of lack of moral fibre.
EAA: Initialism of evidentiary abuse affidavit.
EAA: Initialism of essential amino acid.
IDU: Initialism of injecting/injection drug use.
BXO: Initialism of balanitis xerotica obliterans.
RIE: Initialism of reactive ion etching.
RIE: Ellipsis of RIE parenting.. From Acronym of resources for infant educarers.. From the trademark, for the organization that developed this parenting methodology.
A++: An academic grade better than one hundred, usually due to extra credit. Better than an A+.
T4T: A T4T relationship.
POE: Initialism of plasma oscillation event.
B&S: Initialism of brandy and soda.
GFO: Initialism of gluten-free option.
Meu: Alternative letter-case form of meu (“second minister of Kingdom of Dahomey”)
Lic: Abbreviation of licentiate.
LIC: Acronym of ligand-gated ion channel.
LIC: Acronym of ligation-independent cloning.
LIC: Acronym of listed investment company.
GTD: A racecar sports car that conforms to GT Daytona category specifications.
ZLL: Initialism of zero-length launch.
LTT: Initialism of Land Transaction Tax.
sm.: Alternative form of sm
WIS: Abbreviation of wisdom point.
PGI: Initialism of protected geographical indication.
ESO: Initialism of electricity system operator.
TSG: Initialism of traditional specialities guaranteed.
WOM: Initialism of write-only memory.
WOM: Initialism of word of mouth.
PPU: Initialism of physics processing unit, a dedicated microprocessor designed to handle the calculations of physics.
PPU: Initialism of parallel processing unit.
PPU: Initialism of profit participation unit.
ESG: Initialism of environmental/ethical, social and corporate governance.
ESG: Initialism of economic scenario generator.
img: Alternative form of IMG
IHC: Initialism of immunohistochemistry.
IHC: Initialism of Indian Head cent.
VDT: Initialism of video display terminal.
NOP: Alternative letter-case form of nop
ASF: Abbreviation of African swine fever.
ASF: A file or stream using Active Streaming Format
FNP: Initialism of family nurse practitioner.
UPF: Initialism of ultraprocessed food.
HUM: Initialism of highly unusual method: any of a class of contract bridge bidding systems that require advance preparation to contend with, and are usually restricted to the highest levels of tournament play.
HDG: Abbreviation of hot-dip galvanization.
HDT: Abbreviation of hot-dip temperature.
HDT: Abbreviation of hot-dip tinning. (the tinning process)
HDT: Abbreviation of hot-dipped tin. (the layer deposited)
VRO: Initialism of violence restraining order.
CCB: Initialism of carbon ceramic brake.
CCB: Abbreviation of computer controlled brake.
CCB: Abbreviation of calcium channel blocker.
PHE: Initialism of public health emergency.
VCP: Initialism of vitrified clay pipe.
N&V: Abbreviation of noise and vibration.
5/8: A meter of five eighth notes per measure.
4WS: Initialism of four-wheel steering.
RSU: Initialism of restricted stock unit.
FDG: Initialism of fluorodeoxyglucose.
U2F: Initialism of Universal 2nd Factor, a standard to strengthen and simplify two-factor authentication (2FA).
LFD: Initialism of lateral flow device.
UFA: Initialism of unrestricted free agent.
HAR: Acronym of human accelerated region.
TRC: Abbreviation of truth and reconciliation committee/council/commission.
TFL: Initialism of tensor fasciae latae.
cuh: A term of address.
BFM: Initialism of basic fighter maneuver. A foundational maneuver or tactic used by fighter planes and fighter pilots.
ofo: An Igbo staff of authority.
QPU: Initialism of quantum processing unit.
QCU: Initialism of quality control unit.
QCU: Initialism of quantum control unit.
EBT: Initialism of electronic benefit transfer.
ORR: Initialism of overall response rate or objective response rate.
CRV: Initialism of California redemption value: a regulatory fee paid on recyclable beverage containers in the state of California.
WAV: Initialism of wheelchair accessible vehicle.
DHQ: Initialism of dihydroquercetin.
TAU: Abbreviation of treatment as usual.
RID: Acronym of recognition, intrusion and distraction: three reasons why a lifeguard may fail to notice a person drowning. Specifically: they may fail to recognise the instinctive drowning response; they may have additional duties that intrude on lifeguarding; and they may be distracted.
RSP: Initialism of registered savings plan.
RSP: Initialism of retirement savings plan.
CFB: Initialism of Canadian Forces Base.
IRG: Initialism of interest rate guarantee.
IRG: Initialism of Ideographic Research Group.
IPL: Initialism of international poverty line.
IPL: Initialism of international private line.
IPL: Initialism of international private law.
IPL: Initialism of intense pulsed light.
IPL: Initialism of India pale lager.
TdP: Initialism of torsades de pointes.
JWT: Initialism of JSON Web Token (“a means of transmitting claims in optionally encrypted JSON format; an individual transmission of this kind”).
PWT: Initialism of poor white trash.
MWT: Initialism of multi-word term.
IRU: Initialism of inertial reference unit, a device which uses the forces applied to a spacecraft or aircraft in order to track its orientation.
D&I: Initialism of diversity and inclusion.
FLR: Initialism of female-led relationship.
VMO: Maximum operating speed; the airspeed which an aircraft should not exceed in the course of routine operation.
LKM: Initialism of loadable kernel module.
FFQ: Initialism of fit-and-finish quality.
OIS: Initialism of officer-involved shooting.
OIS: Initialism of optical image stabilization.
OBD: Initialism of on-board diagnostic.
MQS: Initialism of minimum qualifying standard.
P2W: Initialism of pay to win.
PBW: Initialism of proton beam writing (“a lithography process”).
CAW: Initialism of carbon arc welding.
SEH: Initialism of structured exception handling.
BBI: Initialism of brain–brain interface.
WMP: Initialism of wealth management product.
NHN: Initialism of nickel hydrazine nitrate (an explosive).
ILL: Initialism of interlibrary loan.
GOF: Abbreviation of gain of function.
GOF: Initialism of graphene oxide foam.
SHC: Initialism of spontaneous human combustion.
2DR: (double data rate (computing)): Synonym of DDR
2DR: Synonym of DDR
1DR: (single data rate (computing)): Synonym of SDR
1DR: Synonym of SDR
4DR: (quad data rate (computing)): Synonym of QDR
4DR: Synonym of QDR
8DR: (octal data rate (computing)): Synonym of ODR
8DR: Synonym of ODR
pIg: Abbreviation of polyclonal immunoglobulin.
Uro: Alternative form of Uru (“member of indigenous people of Peru and Bolivia”)
V2L: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-load.
OMO: Initialism of open-market operation.
OMO: Initialism of one-man operation.
MIW: Initialism of mental inquest warrant.
LNR: Initialism of last number redial.
Epo: Initialism of erythropoietin.
UVP: Initialism of unique value proposition.
S/F: Short for S/F ratio.
P/F: Short for P/F ratio.
SBO: Initialism of small business owner.
UVB: Initialism of ultraviolet B.
FUV: Initialism of far ultraviolet.
UVC: Initialism of ultraviolet C.
UVC: Initialism of underwater visual census.
T&I: Initialism of translation and interpreting.
ueV: Alternative form of μeV; Abbreviation of microelectronvolt.
E85: A motor vehicle fuel blend of 15% gasoline/petrol and 85% ethanol used in flex-fuel-rated vehicles
NCB: Initialism of national central bank. (generic)
NCB: Initialism of national child benefit. (individual benefits)
NCB: Initialism of narcotics control board/bureau. (generic)
NCB: Initialism of nitro cold brew.
IDW: Initialism of intellectual dark web.
IDW: Initialism of inverse distance weighting.
LGD: Initialism of livestock guardian dog.
LGD: Initialism of loss given default.
NFP: Initialism of not-for-profit.
NFP: Initialism of natural family planning.
Uey: Alternative form of uey.
8ve: Abbreviation of octave.
MIQ: Initialism of managed isolation and quarantine (facilities).
DDG: Initialism of guided-missile destroyer.
TEE: Initialism of transesophageal echocardiogram.
TEE: Initialism of thromboembolic event.
TEE: Initialism of term end examination.
ALT: Initialism of alanine transaminase.
FND: Initialism of functional neurologic (or neurological) disorder.
FND: Initialism of first notice day.
RYR: Initialism of red yeast rice.
808: A Roland TR-808 drum machine.
808: A synthetic drum or bass sound that emulates the sound of a Roland TR-808.
AKK: Initialism of Alaskan Klee Kai.
PBL: Initialism of problem-based learning.
PBL: Initialism of project-based learning.
CBL: Initialism of competency-based learning.
CBL: Initialism of challenge-based learning.
CBL: Initialism of computer-based learning.
CBL: Initialism of case-based learning.
VEV: Initialism of vacuum expectation value.
GPD: Initialism of gallons per day.
GPD: Initialism of grams per denier.
GPD: Initialism of Generalized Pareto distribution.
CQS: Initialism of command–query separation (a principle of imperative computer programming.)
ORW: Initialism of oral rehydration worker.
LEV: Abbreviation of lunar excursion vehicle.
LEV: Abbreviation of low-emissions vehicle.
OLD: Abbreviation of online dating.
SPN: Initialism of supermolecular polymer network.
SPN: Abbreviation of service principal name.
SPN: Initialism of service provider name.
HMD: Initialism of head-mounted display.
HMD: Initialism of hoof-and-mouth disease.
HGW: Initialism of hyperquenched glassy water.; a form of H₂O water ice which is glassy, non-crystalline, that is formed by rapidly cooling liquid water
HVP: Abbreviation of hydrolyzed vegetable protein.
HVP: Initialism of harassment and violence program.
HVP: Abbreviation of home visit(ing) program/project.
HVP: Initialism of hypervelocity projectile.
HVP: Abbreviation of high vapo(u)r pressure.
HVP: Abbreviation of hadronic vacuum polarization.
HVP: Abbreviation of high volume plasma.
HVP: Initialism of harassment and violence prevention.
WCS: Initialism of worst-case scenario.
WCS: Abbreviation of Western Canadian Select.; A grade of crude oil originating in Canada, used as a pricing benchmark.
CTG: Initialism of cardiotocography.
CTG: Initialism of cardiotocogram.
Wy.: Abbreviation of way.
Plz: Abbreviation of plaza.
FOA: Initialism of freedom of association.
NoA: Initialism of Nintendo of America.
TRA: Initialism of transracial adoption.
TRA: Initialism of transracial adoptee.
TRA: Initialism of tenants and residents association.
TRA: Initialism of twins reared apart.
TRA: Initialism of trans rights activist.
TRA: Initialism of tax receivable agreement.
NOA: Initialism of Nintendo of America.
ToD: Alternative form of TOD
IQP: Initialism of Isolated Queen Pawn.
ISH: Initialism of in situ hybridization.
KCT: Initialism of kaolin clotting time.
FLS: Initialism of Frontline State.
FLS: Initialism of fibroblast-like synoviocyte.
VDA: A standard for measuring the capacity of a car's boot or trunk.
GAM: Abbreviation of gynandromorph.
OTF: Initialism of orbital test flight.
CBV: Initialism of cannabivarin.
SOF: Initialism of special operations force.
Act: Ellipsis of Act of Parliament.
RES: Initialism of red ear syndrome.
TRQ: Initialism of tariff-rate quota.
HCC: Initialism of hepatocellular carcinoma.
HLS: Abbreviation of high-level synthesis.
HLS: Abbreviation of health and life sciences.
HLS: Abbreviation of HTTP live streaming.
HLS: Abbreviation of human landing system.
HLS: Abbreviation of hue, level/lightness, saturation.
EWE: Initialism of extreme wildfire event.
EWE: Epilogue, What Epilogue?; a subgenre of Harry Potter fanfiction which pointedly ignores the epilogue of the final novel.
SKL: Initialism of Sumerian King List.
LWB: long wheelbase
DUN: a state legislative assembly
DUN: a state legislative assembly seat
DCR: Initialism of drug consumption room.
CAZ: Initialism of Clean Air Zone (“an area where targeted action is taken to improve air quality”).
MUN: Abbreviation of model United Nations.
HRA: Initialism of health reimbursement arrangement.
UUW: Initialism of unlawful use of weapon.
TEG: Abbreviation of thromboelastography.
TEG: Abbreviation of thromboelastograph.
TEG: Abbreviation of thromboelastogram.
TEG: Initialism of thermoelectric generator.
TEG: Acronym of triethylene glycol.
ht.: Abbreviation of height.; Alternative form of ht
HTS: Abbreviation of high-temperature superconductivity.
HTS: Abbreviation of high-temperature superconductor.
HTS: Abbreviation of technical high school.
GOx: Abbreviation of glucose oxidase.
GOX: Acronym of gaseous oxygen
OAG: Initialism of office of the attorney general.
TAZ: Initialism of Temporary Autonomous Zone.
Lb.: Alternative form of lb: Abbreviation of pound (“unit of weight”).
MCN: Initialism of multichannel network.
'do: Alternative form of do (“hairdo”)
M+A: Rare form of M&A.
IHT: Initialism of inheritance tax.
fCT: Initialism of functional computed tomography.
fCT: Initialism of functional computed tomogram. A scan using functional computed tomography
fCT: Initialism of functional computed tomograph. A device used to make functional computed tomograms
TVL: Initialism of total value locked (“sum of all assets deposited in a protocol”).
PvE: Initialism of player versus environment.
PvP: Initialism of player versus player.
pve: Alternative letter-case form of PvE.
pvp: Alternative letter-case form of PvP.
OVV: Ellipsis of OVV quasar (“optically visually violent quasar”).
OVV: Abbreviation of optically violent variable. a type of quasar
ASB: Initialism of anti-shock body.
ASB: Initialism of alien space bats.
ASB: Initialism of as balls.
ASB: Initialism of antisocial behavior.
KSR: Krycek/Scully romance; fan fiction involving a romantic relationship between the characters Alex Krycek and Dana Scully of the The X-Files.
MRN: Initialism of medical record number.
NSD: Initialism of non-stop decay.
EAD: Initialism of emergency airworthiness directive.
NMD: Initialism of nonsense-mediated decay.
800: Clipping of 1-800.
HMB: His/Her Majesty's Bark
V2H: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-home technology.
V2H: Abbreviation of vehicle-to-home unit.
TYs: Students doing a transition year.
HWR: Initialism of heavy water reactor.
FBD: Initialism of father's brother's daughter.
FBD: Initialism of free body diagram.
FBD: Initialism of familial British dementia.
FZD: Initialism of father's sister's daughter.
MZD: Initialism of mother's sister's daughter.
MZS: Initialism of mother's sister's son.
FZS: Initialism of father's sister's son.
SPO: Initialism of stalking protection order.
D/s: Initialism of dominance and submission.
MWU: Initialism of multi-word unit.
Lur: A member of an Iranian ethnic group in the Lorestan region, speaking the Luri language.
BPh: Abbreviation of Bachelor of Philosophy.
B/D: Abbreviation of bondage and discipline.
MoP: Alternative letter-case form of MOP (“means of production”)
MoP: Alternative letter-case form of MOP (“mode of production”)
RAL: Abbreviation of ranked as last.; a penalty score relegating a racer to the last placing in a heat
RAL: Abbreviation of refund anticipation loan.
RAL: Abbreviation of rural, agricultural, large.; a type of local government
OPD: Initialism of offender personality disorder: applied to a pathway of services for treating criminal offenders with personality disorders.
OPD: Initialism of overcurrent protective device.
BTG: Initialism of battalion tactical group.
H&J: Abbreviation of hyphenation and justification.
KAB: Initialism of knee airbag.
PFP: Alternative letter-case form of pfp.
POB: Initialism of place of birth.
PUI: Initialism of patient under investigation.
EUI: Initialism of extended unique identifier.
EUI: Initialism of European Union institution.
Kly: Abbreviation of kilolight-year.
NFZ: Initialism of no-fly zone.
MFR: Acronym of memorandum for the record, memorandum for record, memo for the record, or memo for record.
Uzi: Alternative letter-case form of uzi
UZI: Alternative letter-case form of uzi
NMA: Initialism of new midsize aircraft.
NMA: Initialism of new mid-market aircraft.
ROY: Initialism of run of year.
ROW: Initialism of run of week.
ROW: Initialism of rest of world.
FNR: Initialism of fast-neutron reactor.
VLE: Initialism of virtual learning environment..
G/S: Alternative form of GS (“golden shower”).
Efé: A member of an ethnic group of the Ituri Rainforest in Congo.
Hop: Ellipsis of John Hop (“a police officer”).
Abp: Abbreviation of archbishop.
FIZ: Abbreviation of free industrial zone.
OUI: Initialism of organizationally unique identifier.
HHT: Initialism of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
HHT: Initialism of handheld terminal.
MB1: Initialism of mouse button 1., left mouse button
H70: A grade of hydrogen (“H”) refuelling capacity, comprising hydrogen delivery at 10,000 psi / 70 MPa
H35: A grade of hydrogen (“H”) refuelling capacity, comprising hydrogen delivery at 5000 psi / 35 MPa
WTI: Abbreviation of West Texas Intermediate.; A grade of crude oil originating in Texas, used as a pricing benchmark.
WLL: Initialism of (company) with limited liability. (type of company in Kuwait)
WKS: Initialism of Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome.
TTB: tenor, baritone, and bass
PBV: Abbreviation of purpose-built vehicle.
PBV: Abbreviation of post-boost vehicle.
PBV: Abbreviation of party block voting.
PBV: Abbreviation of party block voting.
PBV: Abbreviation of party block vote.
PBV: Abbreviation of preferential block voting.
PBV: Abbreviation of preferential block voting.
PBV: Abbreviation of preferential block vote.
ozt: Abbreviation of troy ounce. (ounces, troy)
VVM: Initialism of visual voicemail.
GAE: Initialism of granulomatous amoebic encephalitis.
r&b: Dated spelling of R & B.
LVW: Abbreviation of loaded vehicle weight.
LVW: Abbreviation of landing vehicle, wheeled. (amphibious truck)
LVW: Abbreviation of left ventricular weight.
PUV: Initialism of posterior urethral valve.
PUV: Initialism of public utility vehicle.
DBT: Initialism of dialectical behavior therapy.
DBT: Initialism of dry bulb temperature.
EXE: Alternative letter-case form of exe.
gvt: Abbreviation of government.
ITX: Initialism of isopropylthioxanthone.
F/V: Alternative form of FV; Initialism of fishing vessel.
PHC: Abbreviation of potentially hazardous comet.
IAC: Initialism of idle air controller.
ORD: Abbreviation of operationally ready date.
OQL: Initialism of observed quality level.
IMA: Initialism of ideal mechanical advantage.
IMA: Initialism of integrated modular avionics.
EVD: Initialism of Ebola virus disease.
EVD: Initialism of external ventricular drain.
EHF: Initialism of Ebola hemorrhagic fever.
RWH: Initialism of red wine headache.
MAE: Initialism of material adverse effect.
MAE: Initialism of material adverse event.
MAE: Initialism of mean absolute error.
Vs0: Stall speed in landing configuration, with all high-lift devices (flaps and/or slats) extended.
IaC: Acronym of Infrastructure as Code.
LAW: Acronym of light anti-tank weapon.
FNN: Abbreviation of Feedforward Neural Network.
TSI: Initialism of Torres Strait Islander.
PVM: Initialism of place, voice, manner (of a vowel).
VPM: Initialism of voice, place, manner (of a vowel).
ALC: Initialism of automatic level control.
CHG: Initialism of chlorhexidine gluconate.
B40: A household with a household income below 4,850 Malaysian ringgit per month.
B40: A person from such a household.
W2C: A contribution to a virtual meetup consisting in a question of the above frame.
CEM: Initialism of cation exchange membrane.
AEM: Initialism of anion exchange membrane.
IEM: Initialism of ion exchange membrane.
IEM: Initialism of inborn error of metabolism.
RoE: Alternative form of ROE
MLD: Initialism of metachromatic leukodystrophy.
MLD: Initialism of mid-lithospheric discontinuity.
RCR: Initialism of rolling circle replication.
TnG: Abbreviation of Touch 'n Go (“an electronic payment system from Malaysia”).
F&B: Initialism of food and beverage (industry).
kwd: Abbreviation of keyword.
HMP: Initialism of Her/His Majesty's Prison.: The prefix used in the names of prisons in the United Kingdom.
HMP: Abbreviation of hazard mitigation plan.
AAN: Initialism of Australian Approved Name.
AAZ: Initialism of arc attachment zone.
AAY: Initialism of American aster yellows.
AAJ: Initialism of atlantoaxial joint.
CVM: Initialism of California variegated mutant (“a rare subtype of Romeldale sheep having unusual coloration”).
AAQ: Initialism of acceptance and action questionnaire.
ACJ: Initialism of acromioclavicular joint.
ACN: Abbreviation of acrylonitrile.
ACN: Archaeological Computing Newsletter
AAG: Initialism of assistant adjutant general.
AAX: An amino acid that includes a side chain X.
AAX: A plug-in format available for some DAWs.
ACR: Initialism of albumin/creatinine ratio.
ACR: automatic circuit recloser
ARR: Initialism of annual recurring revenue.
ARR: Initialism of accounting rate of return.
LMT: Initialism of Large Millimeter Telescope.
LMT: Initialism of Local Mean Time.
TMZ: Initialism of thirty-mile zone.
MSJ: Initialism of motion for summary judgment.
R&M: Initialism of refining and marketing.
IOT: Initialism of interoperator tariff.
IOT: Initialism of index-organized table (type of database's table where the data is stored in a B-tree index structure)
IOT: Initialism of input-output transfer (instructions for computers as in the PDP-8)
IOT: Initialism of interoperability testing (process of testing to determine the interoperability of a software product)
IOT: Initialism of inductive output tube.
IOT: Initialism of in-out-through.
CTT: Initialism of capital transfer tax.
ICL: Initialism of idiopathic CD4+ lymphocytopenia.
40k: Warhammer 40,000, a British tabletop military game set in a dystopian future Galaxy torn by war.
ATN: Initialism of acute tubular necrosis.
GBG: Abbreviation of green bean galaxy.
GBM: Abbreviation of glioblastoma multiforme.
RRR: Acronym of regular rate and rhythm, used to describe the heartbeat of patient.
RRR: Initialism of relative risk reduction.
MCF: Initialism of magnetic confinement fusion.
BnB: Initialism of bed and breakfast.
BEC: Initialism of business email compromise. (a kind of cyberattack)
BEC: Abbreviation of Bose-Einstein condensate.
BEC: Initialism of bitch eating crackers (“contemptible person”).
ECV: Initialism of extracellular volume, the volume of fluid, etc., in an organism that is outside the organism's cells.
ECV: Initialism of effective circulating volume, the volume of arterial blood effectively perfusing tissue.
ECV: Initialism of external cephalic version, a method of manually repositioning a foetus to avoid a breech birth.
ILP: Initialism of instruction-level parallelism.
FAK: freight all kinds; a basic freight rate for a shipping container regardless of the type of goods in the container.
fck: Censored spelling of fuck.
EWW: Initialism of extreme wind warning.
RMT: Initialism of real money trading (the practice of trading in-game goods for real money)
HFO: Initialism of heavy fuel oil.
HFO: Initialism of hydrofluoroolefin.
HFO: Initialism of high-frequency oscillations.
SRA: Initialism of satanic ritual abuse.
NLG: Initialism of natural language generation.
ORV: Abbreviation of off-road vehicle.
ORV: A motor vehicle restricted to non-road venues. A vehicle not allowed on public roadways.
ORV: Abbreviation of off-road vehicle.
ORV: A motor vehicle designed to be able to travel across terrain without road surfaces.
OHV: Initialism of off-highway vehicle..
OHV: Initialism of off-highway vehicle..
OHV: A motor vehicle that is not allowed on highways.
OHV: Abbreviation of overhead valve.
UGW: Initialism of ultimate goal weight.
UYP: Initialism of upper yield point.
ETP: Initialism of exchange-traded product.
EPW: Initialism of earth-penetrating weapon.
TNW: Initialism of tactical nuclear weapon.
PuG: Acronym of pickup group (group of players who are unknown to each other, grouped together to work toward a short-term goal, such as completing a dungeon or a raid)
F50: A hydrofoil catamaran sailing racing yacht, with a wingsail mainsail.
PQE: Initialism of post-qualified experience.
PCU: Initialism of power control unit.
VDS: Initialism of vehicle display screen.
VDS: Initialism of video display screen.
VDS: Initialism of virtual dedicated server.
VDS: Initialism of virtual desktop service.
VDS: Initialism of virtual directory server.
VDS: Initialism of virtual disk service.
VDS: Initialism of visible digital seal.
VDS: Initialism of variable depth sonar.
AoS: Initialism of array of structures.
EKV: Initialism of exoatmospheric kill vehicle. A missile warhead reentry vehicle intercept antimisssile, whose intercept zone lies beyond the atmosphere.
DAP: Initialism of digital audio player.
DAP: Initialism of double anal penetration.
ASG: Initialism of abstract semantic graph.
UPG: Initialism of unsubstantiated personal gnosis.
UPG: Initialism of unverified personal gnosis.
IGH: Initialism of internally geared hub.
NLI: Initialism of natural-language interpretation.
NMT: Initialism of neural machine translation.
NLU: Initialism of natural-language understanding.
CGL: Abbreviation of chronic granulocytic leukemia.
CGL: Alternative form of CG/L
bby: Alternative form of baby (term of endearment)
RYO: Initialism of roll-your-own.
UPD: Initialism of uniparental disomy.
NUV: Abbreviation of near ultraviolet.
MUV: Abbreviation of middle ultraviolet.
DUV: Initialism of deep ultraviolet.
RVR: Initialism of runway visual range.
WBT: Initialism of wet bulb temperature.
OGD: Initialism of oesophagogastroduodenoscopy.
ARO: Abbreviation of average rate option.
OIG: Initialism of office of the inspector general.
bbg: Alternative form of baby girl (term of endearment)
Smt: Abbreviation of Shrimati.
NLV: Initialism of Nippon launch vehicle.
LPS: Initialism of limit of positive stability.
LPS: Initialism of levator palpebrae superioris.
KLV: Abbreviation of key-length-value encoding.
KLV: Abbreviation of key leader vehicle.
Orc: Alternative form of orc (monstrous warrior in fantasy; Russian soldier)
s*x: Censored spelling of sex.
MRR: Initialism of monthly recurring revenue.
rux: A noisy disturbance or commotion.
GMV: Initialism of gross merchandise volume.
AMO: Abbreviation of Atlantic multidecadal oscillation.
Zip: A Sicilian or Italian Mafioso who is relatively new to the United States.
SBK: Abbreviation of superbike.
LBC: Initialism of letter before claim.
OEC: Initialism of Old Earth creationism.
OEC: Initialism of Old Earth creationist.
ECA: Initialism of emission control area.
ECA: Initialism of early career academic.
ECA: Initialism of external carotid artery.
UHS: Initialism of uncombable hair syndrome.
irl: Alternative letter-case form of IRL
BCM: Initialism of bank cubic meter. A measure of the original volume of excavated material as it was in the ground, prior to removal
BCM: Alternative form of bcm (“billion cubic meters”)
tcm: Abbreviation of trillions of cubic metres.
tcm: Alternative form of TCM (“thousand cubic metres”)
bcm: Initialism of billions of cubic metres.
tBu: Abbreviation of tert-butyl, styled as ᵗBu
iPr: abbreviation of isopropyl, styled as ⁱPr
PoE: Initialism of Power over Ethernet.
PoE: Initialism of Path of Exile.
PUJ: Initialism of public utility jeepney.
WCM: Initialism of Woman Candidate Master.
WGM: Initialism of Woman Grandmaster.
WIM: Initialism of Woman International Master.
LDU: Initialism of local delivery unit (postal system code).
SFN: Initialism of short filename.
UGV: Initialism of unmanned ground vehicle.
WHV: Initialism of working holiday visa.
GGT: Initialism of gamma-glutamyltransferase.
VMT: Initialism of virtual method table.
TOB: Abbreviation of top of book, the most competitively priced level on each side of an order book.
FNS: Initialism of French Naval Ship. A ship prefix for ships of the navy of the Third Republic of France
S/V: Alternative form of SV
BLL: Initialism of business logic layer, a software architecture layer
GGS: Ginger, garlic, and scallion(s), regarded as a holy trinity of ingredients in Asian cooking.
AIN: Initialism of anterior interosseous nerve.
IHL: Initialism of international humanitarian law.
PNH: Initialism of paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
FYP: Initialism of for you page.; the home page of TikTok which consists of content automatically curated specifically for the user.
FYP: Initialism of final year project.
GEV: Initialism of ground-effect vehicle.
PXE: Initialism of pseudoxanthoma elasticum.
WGS: Initialism of whole genome sequencing.
Pyr: A Great Pyrenees dog.
SVD: Initialism of singular value decomposition.
Bru: A member of an ethnic group of Southeast Asia
BUI: Initialism of boating while under the influence (of drugs or alcohol).
D2T: Initialism of disk-to-tape: a method of data backup where information is copied from a disk (usually the hard disk of a computer) to a magnetic tape.
KBA: Initialism of knowledge-based authentication.
Cy.: Abbreviation of Company.
LVC: Initialism of language variation and change.
LDI: Initialism of liability-driven investment.
T2T: Initialism of treat-to-target.
ZES: Initialism of Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
GAH: Initialism of gender-affirming hormone.
VLU: Initialism of vehicle location unit.
VLU: Initialism of vehicle logic unit.
AVA: Initialism of American Viticultural Area: a designated wine grape-growing region in the United States, providing an official appellation for the mutual benefit of wineries and consumers.
AVA: Initialism of arteriovenous anastomosis.
OBR: Initialism of overhead bridge restaurant.
DBQ: Initialism of document/data-based question.
MVW: Initialism of model-view-whatever.
OLT: Initialism of optical line termination.
PON: Initialism of passive optical network, technology and standards for fiber-optic broadband access.
ICK: Initialism of inhibitor cystine knot.
PRU: Initialism of pupil referral unit.
PRU: Initialism of pupil reintegration unit.
VRR: Initialism of victims' right to review.
LDH: Initialism of lactate dehydrogenase.
evs: Odds of 1:1; even money.
XLR: A kind of electrical connector, circular and having between three and seven pins, primarily used with professional audiovisual and stage lighting equipment.
BIL: Initialism of brother-in-law.
DLX: Abbreviation of dancing links.
REL: Initialism of Russo-European Laika.
Uie: Alternative form of uey.
szn: Abbreviation of season.
CHR: Initialism of contemporary hit radio.
NNN: Initialism of No Nut November.
PTF: Initialism of program temporary fix.
PTF: Initialism of product temporary fix.
BZO: Initialism of battlesight zero.
T/D: Initialism of top of descent.
CoP: Alternative letter-case form of COP (“conference of the parties”)
Cop: Alternative letter-case form of COP (“conference of the parties”)
DKE: Initialism of Dunning-Kruger effect.
SFT: Initialism of sparse Fourier transform.
DPV: Initialism of diver propulsion vehicle.
DPV: Initialism of dynamically positioned vessel.
DPV: Initialism of delegated path validation.
DPV: Initialism of dependent pressure vessel.
DPV: Initialism of differential pulse voltammetry.
DPV: Initialism of dapivirine.
DPV: Initialism of disabling positional vertigo.
DPV: Initialism of duck plague virus.
DPV: Initialism of Delivery Point Validation.
DPV: Initialism of distributed photovoltaic.
DPV: Initialism of discounted present value.
DPV: Initialism of dissimilarity pixel value.
BFQ: Initialism of bite force quotient.
9-5: Alternative form of 9 to 5
TVM: A ticket vending machine.
KMO: Initialism of Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin test.
EES: Initialism of epidural electrical stimulation.
EES: Initialism of epidural electrical stimulator.
EES: Abbreviation of ethinylestradiol sulfonate.
NQR: Abbreviation of not quite right, chiefly used to denote a person, object, etc. that is abnormal in some way.
CEN: Initialism of childhood emotional neglect.
OSL: Initialism of optically stimulated luminescence.
RML: Initialism of rifled muzzleloader.
NVR: Initialism of nonviolent resistance.
NVR: Initialism of network video recorder.
NDD: Initialism of nature-deficit disorder.
NDD: Initialism of neurodevelopmental disorder.
GLO: Initialism of generic learning outcome.
GLO: Initialism of Greek-letter organization.
GLO: Initialism of group litigation order.
UOR: Initialism of urgent operational requirement.
EPK: Initialism of electronic press kit.
AIQ: Initialism of artificial intelligence quotient.
TKI: Initialism of tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
TŻO: Alternative form of TZO; Abbreviation of Thorne-Żytkow object.
TZO: Abbreviation of Thorne-Zytkow object.
ioy: obsolete typography of joy
KRA: Initialism of key result area.
TOU: Initialism of terms of use.
FMQ: singular of FMQs
mh-: Initialism of mental health., negative; opposite of mh+
mh+: Initialism of mental health., positive; opposite of mh-
SLQ: Initialism of Standing Liberty quarter.
WAU: Initialism of weekly active user: a measurement of customer engagement, typically with an online service.
GRS: Initialism of gender reassignment surgery.
PoV: Alternative form of POV (“point of view”)
TPJ: Initialism of temporoparietal junction.
IHP: Initialism of Indian head penny.
WLH: Initialism of Walking Liberty half.
tPA: Initialism of tissue plasminogen activator.
MEL: Initialism of minimum/minimal equipment list.. The list of the minimum of operational equipment allowed for continued operation of the device equipping the equipment; by extension, the set of such equipment.
MEL: Abbreviation of miscellaneous equipment load.
JGB: Initialism of Japanese government bond.
NEM: Initialism of net energy/electricity/electrical/electric metering.
DRR: Initialism of Disaster Risk Reduction.
SIA: Initialism of Social Impact Assessment.
az.: Abbreviation of azure.
PoS: Alternative letter-case form of POS (“part of speech”).
NWM: Initialism of network marketing.
WLB: Initialism of work-life balance.
ebk: Abbreviation of ebook.
GDF: Initialism of geological disposal facility.
LRF: Initialism of laser rangefinder. A device which uses a laser to determine the distance to a designated target
IMV: Abbreviation of infantry mobility vehicle. An armoured car, a lightly armoured wheeled troop transport land vehicle, such as an armoured jeep, MRAP.
DoB: Alternative form of DOB (“date of birth”).
F6P: Initialism of fructose 6-phosphate.
RUQ: Initialism of right upper quadrant (of the human abdomen).
LLQ: Initialism of left lower quadrant (of the human abdomen).
LUQ: Initialism of left upper quadrant (of the human abdomen).
ICV: Abbreviation of international certificate of vaccination.
ICV: Abbreviation of in-car video.
ICV: Initialism of infantry carrier vehicle.
ICV: Initialism of infantry combat vehicle.
ICV: Abbreviation of integrity check value.
ICV: Abbreviation of integral check valve.
LPU: Initialism of least publishable unit.
LPU: Abbreviation of latest pick-up.
LPU: Initialism of local public utility.
Blk: A gene that encodes for an enzyme, B-cell lymphocyte kinase (BLK).
BLK: Abbreviation of B lymphocyte kinase.
BLK: Alternative form of Blk; A gene that encodes for the enzyme B lymphocyte kinase.
AOJ: Initialism of atlantooccipital joint.
APF: Initialism of animal protein factor.
AOM: Initialism of acute otitis media.
ARW: Initialism of air raid warden.
AYP: Initialism of aster yellows phytoplasma.
AYP: Initialism of Adequate Yearly Progress.
ToC: Alternative letter-case form of TOC (“table of contents”).
BDO: Initialism of Big Dumb Object.
TLM: Initialism of Traditional Latin Mass.
TLM: Initialism of transmission line matrix.
TLM: Initialism of transmission line model.
TLM: Initialism of transfer length method.
TLM: Initialism of transaction-level modeling.
PTV: Initialism of personal television.
PTV: Initialism of Punta Toro virus.
PTV: Initialism of particle tracking velocimetry.
IVP: Initialism of initial value problem.
MSH: Initialism of melanocyte-stimulating hormone.
TBG: Initialism of thyroxine-binding globulin.
BHN: Initialism of Brinell hardness number.
FHE: Initialism of family home evening.
ILD: Initialism of interstitial lung disease.
QBE: Initialism of Query by Example.
IBP: Initialism of integration by parts.
LYP: Initialism of lower yield point.
ytd: Abbreviation of yesterday.
tdy: Abbreviation of today.
apx: Abbreviation of appendix.
MRZ: Initialism of machine-readable zone. (on a passport)
MRZ: Initialism of measles, rubella, zoster.
LCH: Initialism of langerhans cell histiocytosis.
PsA: Abbreviation of psoriatic arthritis.
fmt: Abbreviation of format.
IFI: Initialism of international financial institutions.
hGH: Alternative form of HGH (“human growth hormone”)
Shh: Alternative form of SHH (“sonic hedgehog”); Abbreviation of sonic hedgehog.
VEC: Initialism of valued environmental component.
RDL: Initialism of Romanian deadlift.
AoV: Initialism of angle of view.
AoV: Abbreviation of aortic valve.
AOV: Abbreviation of average order value.
AOV: Abbreviation of angle of view.
AOV: Initialism of arbitrary output variable.
HIS: Initialism of hospital information system.
ASN: Initialism of autonomous system number.
ASN: Initialism of advance shipping notice.
ASN: Abbreviation of national sporting authority. A type of sports sanctioning (authorization) body
MoA: Initialism of mechanism of action.
UPW: Initialism of ultrapure water.
FGR: Initialism of fetal growth restriction.
ZBB: Initialism of zero-based budgeting.
TEK: Initialism of Traditional ecological knowledge.
zod: A loser; a contemptible or uncool person.
YAC: Initialism of yeast artificial chromosome.
BHL: Initialism of bleeding-heart libertarianism.
SCW: Initialism of substorm current wedge.
CGC: Abbreviation of color glass condensate/colour glass condensate.
QIS: Abbreviation of quantum information science.
QMP: Initialism of queen mandibular pheromone.
ydg: Abbreviation of yardage.
whs: Abbreviation of warehouse.
whf: Abbreviation of wharf.
VEE: Initialism of Venezuelan equine encephalitis/encephalomyelitis.
TGC: Initialism of time gain compensation.
S/O: Abbreviation of significant other.
RMG: Initialism of ready-made garment.
wqo: Abbreviation of well-quasi-ordering.
ToM: Initialism of theory of mind.
jnl: Abbreviation of journal.
HAF: Initialism of holiday activities and food (“a subsidy programme for disadvantaged children”).
CFF: Initialism of critical flicker frequency.
UHB: Abbreviation of ultrahigh bypass jet engine (“propfan”).
UHB: Abbreviation of uranyl hexagonal bipyramid.
UHB: Abbreviation of university health board.
UHB: Abbreviation of undersea and hyperbaric medicine (“diving medicine”).
CFP: Initialism of certified financial planner.
CFP: Abbreviation of call for papers.
CFP: Initialism of ciguatera fish poisoning.
DFK: Initialism of deep French kissing.
2MF: Initialism of 2-methylfuran.
2MF: Initialism of 2-methyl-3-furanthiol.
JHA: Initialism of juvenile hormone analog.
p53: A regulatory protein that is often mutated in human cancers.
FES: Initialism of fat embolism syndrome.
DCN: Initialism of dorsal cochlear nucleus.
DCN: Initialism of dynamic circuit network.
PoP: Initialism of proof of personhood.
PoP: Initialism of package on a package.
vr.: Abbreviation of variant reading.
KVO: Initialism of key-value observing.
LEZ: Abbreviation of low emission zone.
ZEZ: Abbreviation of zero emission zone.
ELI: Abbreviation of equity-linked instrument.
LCB: Initialism of liquor control bureau.
LCB: Initialism of licensed customs broker.
LCB: Abbreviation of logic control block.
LCB: Abbreviation of logic controller block.
LCB: Abbreviation of logical control block.
KHV: Initialism of koi herpes virus.
KHV: Initialism of kissless hugless virgin or kissless handholdless virgin.
SLH: Initialism of sober living house.
SBP: Initialism of systolic blood pressure.
SBP: Initialism of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
MoG: Initialism of Machinery of Government.
IHH: Initialism of Indian hedgehog.
SIH: Abbreviation of spontaneous intracranial hypotension.
vbg: Abbreviation of very big grin; often enclosed in * * or < > to indicate that the user is grinning very widely.
JWS: Initialism of Jackson-Weiss syndrome.
JWS: Initialism of JSON Web Signature.
GRT: Alternative form of GTR (“Gypsy, Traveller, Roma”)
PEF: Initialism of polyethylene furanoate.
NGU: Abbreviation of nongonococcal urethritis.
QNA: Alternative spelling of Q and A
HPU: Abbreviation of hogel processing unit.
HPU: Initialism of hydraulic power unit.
VPU: Abbreviation of vector processing unit.
VPU: Initialism of visual processing unit.
VPU: Initialism of voxel processing unit.
VPU: Initialism of vision processing unit.
VPU: Initialism of video processing unit.
TKR: Initialism of total knee replacement.
OWF: Initialism of one-way function.
DXA: Initialism of dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.
NII: A Soviet scientific research institute.
LFR: Initialism of live face/facial recognition.
ENM: Initialism of ethical nonmonogamy.
FWI: Initialism of food waste index.
FLI: Initialism of food loss index.
FLI: Initialism of first limit indicator.
BIV: Initialism of brain in a vat.
SNU: Abbreviation of solar neutrino unit.
OLP: Initialism of ordinary language philosophy.
WKB: Initialism of well-known binary (“a binary representation used in geometry markup”).
LVN: Initialism of licensed vocational nurse.
LWL: Initialism of lifewide learning.
LWL: Initialism of load waterline length.
LWL: Initialism of length at waterline.
2PL: Initialism of two-phase locking.
IIR: Short for infinite impulse response.
DDJ: Abbreviation of deputy district judge.
MGN: Initialism of marine guidance note.
MGN: Initialism of medial geniculate nucleus.
MGN: Initialism of membranous glomerulonephritis.
WDL: Initialism of workflow description language.
BPV: Initialism of bovine papillomavirus.
BPV: Initialism of basis point value.
BPV: Initialism of bipolar violation.
eID: Initialism of electronic identity document.
eID: Initialism of electronic identification.
eID: Initialism of electronic identifier.
eID: Initialism of electronic identity.
IPI: Initialism of interested party information (“an international identification system for people involved in creating or publishing musical works”).
FNC: Abbreviation of fine-needle cholangiography.
CNM: Initialism of centronuclear myopathy.
CNM: Initialism of certified nurse‐midwife.
DED: Initialism of Dutch elm disease.
D&E: Synonym of D&X (“dilation and extraction”)
D&X: Initialism of dilation and extraction.
IIB: Initialism of instance initialization block.
QMG: Initialism of quartermaster-general.
Fmk: Abbreviation of Finnish mark (“currency”).
GPH: Abbreviation of guanidinopropionase.
GPH: Abbreviation of glycophorin.
GTW: Initialism of gross train weight.
GTW: Initialism of gross trailer weight.
DSW: Initialism of duststorm warning.
DSW: Initialism of doctor of social work.
RHQ: Initialism of regimental headquarters.
OIL: Abbreviation of oxygen-iodine laser.
CVG: Initialism of cutis verticis gyrata.
JHS: Initialism of junior high school.
JBS: Initialism of Johanson-Blizzard syndrome.
FAM: Initialism of federal air marshal.
HLX: Abbreviation of hyperluminous X-ray source.; An astrophysical X-ray source more luminous that ultraluminous X-ray sources (ULXs)
Ksp: Abbreviation of solubility product constant.
sa.: Abbreviation of sable.
ar.: Abbreviation of argent.
gu.: Abbreviation of gules.
VUR: Abbreviation of vesicoureteral reflux.
BiS: Initialism of best in slot (the best piece of equipment a character is able to equip in a certain equipment slot)
QDA: Initialism of qualitative data analysis.
QDA: Initialism of quadratic discriminant analysis.
RHI: Initialism of renewable heat incentive (“a payment system for the generation of heat from renewable energy sources”).
SHV: Initialism of safe high voltage.
SBN: Initialism of strontium barium niobate.
LWA: Initialism of left-wing authoritarianism.
HCL: Initialism of hairy cell leukemia.
HCL: Initialism of hue-chroma-luminance.
HWM: Initialism of high-water mark.
HWM: Initialism of hazardous waste management.
HFM: Initialism of hemifacial microsomia.
HFM: Initialism of hand, foot and mouth disease.
HFM: Initialism of hereditary folate malabsorption.
HFM: Initialism of hollow fiber membrane.
HFM: Initialism of His/Her Most Faithful Majesty.
LCJ: Initialism of Lord Chief Justice.
KSF: Initialism of key success factor.
MAQ: Initialism of money allowance for quarters.
BCx: Abbreviation of blood culture.
UCx: Abbreviation of urine culture.
SJP: Initialism of single justice procedure.
VHC: Initialism of volumetric heat capacity.
DKr: Abbreviation of Danish krone.
EGF: Initialism of epidermal growth factor.
EGF: Initialism of exponential generating function.
VFO: Initialism of variable-frequency oscillator.
SAH: Initialism of subarachnoid hemorrhage.
IVH: Initialism of intraventricular hemorrhage.
LOR: Abbreviation of local Orthodox rabbi.
JO1: Abbreviation of jail officer, grade one (“prison guard”). The lowest grade of jail officers, the entry level jail officer.
JO1: Abbreviation of journalist, petty officer, first class. A journalist of the U.S. Navy holding the rating of first class petty officer, the highest class of regular petty officer.
JO1: Abbreviation of junior officer, 1. or junior officer, grade one or junior officer, first class; and similar
JO1: Alternative form of Jo1
gn.: Abbreviation of guinea (“currency unit”).
VFS: Initialism of virtual file system.
VFS: Initialism of voice feminization surgery.
JDN: Initialism of Julian Day Number.
YCH: Initialism of your character here. A type of art commission where the artist creates a basic sketch of a scene with the character(s) as blank template(s), allowing for the commissioner to select any character of their choice to fill in the scene.
DLQ: Initialism of dead letter queue.
SoA: Initialism of structure of arrays.
L/S: Initialism of long sleeve.
EEO: Initialism of equal employment opportunity.
EEO: Initialism of electroosmosis.
EEO: Initialism of European Enforcement Order.
TDE: Initialism of tidal disruption event (astronomical phenomenon near a supermassive black hole).
TDE: Initialism of tetrachlorodiphenylethane.
BPE: Initialism of borated polyethylene.
BPE: Initialism of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
BPE: Initialism of byte pair encoding.
BPE: Initialism of Bachelor of Physical Education.
CBW: Initialism of chemical and biological warfare.
VEM: Initialism of variable entrant map.
VDH: Initialism of valvular disease of the heart.
VCH: Initialism of vertical clitoral hood (piercing).
VCH: Initialism of vertical clitoral hood.
GAS: Acronym of group A Streptococcus.
HES: Initialism of house exchange system.
MBP: Initialism of MacBook Pro.
ToR: Initialism of Transcript of Records.
41%: The demographic of transgender people who have committed or attempted suicide.
SIO: Initialism of senior investigating officer.
CBX: Abbreviation of caramboxin.
gnr: Abbreviation of gunner.
GIC: Initialism of glass ionomer cement.
GIC: Initialism of gender identity clinic.
GIC: Initialism of geomagnetically induced current.
GNR: Initialism of graphene nanoribbon.
SHQ: Initialism of station headquarters.
NCV: Initialism of net calorific value.
NCV: Initialism of nerve conduction velocity.
IPW: Initialism of incremental packet writing.
IPW: Initialism of interrogation of prisoner of war.
ICW: Initialism of integrated constructed wetland.
ICW: Initialism of interrupted continuous wave.
GoE: Alternative letter-case form of GOE
GoL: Initialism of Game of Life.
GOL: Initialism of Game of Life.
flr: Abbreviation of floor.
HAZ: Initialism of heat-affected zone.
ToS: Alternative letter-case form of TOS (“terms of service”).
RET: Initialism of road equivalent tariff.
RET: Initialism of rational emotive therapy.
DPi: Initialism of Daytona prototype, international.: A racing prototype sports car classification. A derivative of IMSA DP (“Daytona prototypes”), with some homologation with FIA standards, for international racing suitable for both FIA and IMSA sanctioning.
DPi: A race car conforming to this class.
SNV: Acronym of single-nucleotide variant.
MTD: Initialism of maximum tolerated dose.
MRD: Initialism of minimal residual disease.
MRD: Initialism of market requirements document.
IVI: Initialism of in-vehicle infotainment.
DWC: Initialism of deep water culture.
DWC: Initialism of diamond wire cutting.
FOQ: Initialism of fixed order quantity.
VCM: Initialism of vinyl chloride monomer.
VCM: Initialism of voluntary carbon market.
EHV: Initialism of equine herpesvirus.
FIW: Initialism of family interference with work.
E&P: Initialism of exploration and production.
WIF: Initialism of work interference with family.
WWA: Initialism of watch, warning and advisory.
VSW: Initialism of very short wave.
USG: Initialism of ultrasonography.
USG: Initialism of urine specific gravity.
DEZ: Initialism of diethylzinc.
LoE: Initialism of level of evidence.
CoW: Initialism of clerk of works.
JAK: Initialism of Janus kinase.
MBV: Initialism of myocardial blood volume.
MBV: Abbreviation of microvascular blood volume.
BHC: Initialism of behavioral health consultant.
BHC: Initialism of benzene hexachloride.
RDT: Initialism of rapid diagnostic test.
VTM: Initialism of viral transport medium.
PAD: Initialism of peripheral artery disease.
NSV: Initialism of no-scalpel vasectomy.
T&S: Initialism of trust and safety.
MHV: Initialism of mechanical heart valve.
UFH: Initialism of unfractionated heparin.
IHD: Initialism of ischemic heart disease.
11B: A national serviceman's identity card, as opposed to the civilian identity card.
RDN: Initialism of registered dietitian nutritionist.
EOW: Initialism of end of week.
EOW: Initialism of end of watch.
IDA: Initialism of iron deficiency anemia.
Jig: radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter J.
APE: Initialism of alkylphenol ethoxylate.
OPE: Initialism of octylphenol ethoxylate.
NPE: Initialism of null pointer exception.
NPE: Initialism of non-practicing entity.
NPE: Initialism of nonylphenol ethoxylate.
btl: Abbreviation of bottle.
æsh: Alternative spelling of ash (“ligature”)
2wd: Alternative form of 2WD.
ZTA: Initialism of zero trust architecture.
DoT: Alternative spelling of DOT
FRZ: Initialism of flight restriction zone.
VIF: Initialism of vehicle integration facility.
VIF: Initialism of vertical integration facility.
RPQ: Initialism of request for price quotation.
GFD: Initialism of gluten-free diet.
GME: Initialism of graduate medical education.
GME: Initialism of Gaelic-medium education.
GME: Initialism of granulomatous meningoencephalitis.
FRM: Initialism of financial risk manager.
FRM: Initialism of fixed-rate mortgage.
FUO: Initialism of fever of unknown origin.
BWG: Initialism of Birmingham wire gauge.
MVE: Initialism of Murray Valley encephalitis.
B&L: Initialism of building and loan (association).
HAA: Initialism of high-altitude airship.
HAA: Initialism of haloacetic acid.
HEI: Initialism of higher education institution.
HEI: Initialism of high-explosive incendiary.
HEI: Initialism of hot-carrier injection.
HEI: Initialism of human-environment interaction.
HEI: Initialism of high-efficiency incandescent (“a type of light bulb”).
awf: Alternative form of auf
N/D: Initialism of non-drinker.
VTO: Initialism of vertical takeoff.
VTO: Initialism of volume-time output.
LWP: Initialism of life without parole.
LWP: (computing) Initialism of lightweight process.
MtH: Initialism of mean time to Hitler.
AJR: Initialism of abdominojugular reflux.
HHG: Initialism of high harmonic generation.
HHG: Initialism of household goods.
HJR: Initialism of house joint resolution.
HJR: Initialism of hepatojugular reflux.
AFO: Initialism of authorised firearms officer.
OCG: Initialism of organised crime group.
HHD: Initialism of hybrid hard drive.
HHD: Initialism of home hemodialysis.
HHD: Initialism of hiatus hernia diafragmatica.
HHD: Initialism of headquarters and headquarters company.
PWO: Abbreviation of preworkout.
PWO: Initialism of prison welfare officer.
PWO: Initialism of public works officer.
PWO: Initialism of principal weapons officer.
PWO: Initialism of principal warfare officer.
CMF: Initialism of common mode failure.
FTO: Initialism of field training officer.
FTO: Initialism of foreign terrorist organisation.
OTU: Initialism of operational taxonomic unit.
OTU: Initialism of Operational Training Unit.
OTU: Initialism of oxygen toxicity unit.
PGT: Initialism of preimplantation genetic testing.
PGT: Initialism of public guardian and trustee.
MEI: multiengine instructor (a CFI qualified to give training in multiengine aircraft)
Adm: Alternative form of Adm. (“Admiral”)
HPW: Initialism of highly purified water.
OPO: Initialism of one-person operation.
TLZ: Initialism of titanium-lead-zinc. (type of paint)
TPW: Initialism of total precipitable water.
PVO: Initialism of private voluntary organization.
PVO: Initialism of probabilistic velocity obstacle.
VRM: Initialism of viscous remanent magnetization.
VRM: Initialism of voltage regulator module.
VRM: Initialism of variable range marker.
VRM: Initialism of vendor relationship management.
VRM: Initialism of vehicle registration mark.
RWI: Initialism of rotary-wing intercept.: An intercept preformed by rotary-wing aircraft.
D&M: An earnest conversation covering emotional topics, often as a smaller side conversation at a social occasion.
WGR: Initialism of written general review (“type of test given at West Point military academy”).
WPR: Initialism of written partial review (“type of test given at West Point military academy”).
PIK: Initialism of plan inclusive kritik.
AOY: Alternative form of AOTY (“«A...» of the Year”)
AoY: Alternative form of AOTY (“«A...» of the Year”)
UOM: Initialism of unit of measure.
Aoy: Alternative form of AOTY (“«A...» of the Year”)
A2M: Initialism of ass to mouth.
frd: Abbreviation of friend.
O/W: Initialism of overt/withhold.
Zer: A member of Generation Z.
𐑢𐑦𐑤: will
𐑒𐑨𐑯: can
𐑥𐑨𐑯: man
PAX: Initialism of private automatic exchange.
FFC: Initialism of Front-Facing Camera (used in smartphones)
SIW: Initialism of substrate-integrated waveguide.
SIW: Initialism of self-inflicted wound.
BwO: Initialism of body without organs.
LFS: Initialism of local file system.
LFS: Initialism of large file storage.
LFS: Initialism of Labour Force Survey.
EOP: Initialism of external occipital protuberance.
WPI: Initialism of wraps per inch.
TWI: Initialism of tolerable weekly intake.
TWI: Initialism of topographic wetness index.
PQS: Initialism of paper qualification syndrome.
FID: Initialism of functional iron deficiency.
ECN: Initialism of Explicit Congestion Notification.
VKS: Initialism of variable kinetic system.
INH: Initialism of isonicotinic acid hydrazide.
INP: Initialism of ice nucleating particle.
NLF: Initialism of natural laminar flow.
NLF: Initialism of non-lactose fermenter.
MTO: Initialism of make to order, an on-demand production approach
MCH: Initialism of mean corpuscular hemoglobin.
SLT: Initialism of senior leadership team.
SLT: Initialism of speech and language therapy.
SLT: Initialism of speech and language therapist.
SLT: Initialism of selective laser trabeculoplasty.
JTC: Initialism of jumping to conclusions.
4-F: Alternative form of 4F
LRL: Initialism of lower reference limit.
RSW: Initialism of registered social worker.
SZN: Alternative letter-case form of szn
WFS: Initialism of wavefield synthesis.
GFM: Initialism of government-furnished material.
A&S: Initialism of accosting and soliciting.
VRU: Initialism of vulnerable road user.
EHD: Initialism of epizootic hemorrhagic disease.
EHD: Abbreviation of electrohydrodynamics.
d4T: The drug stavudine.
IFG: Initialism of impaired fasting glucose.
CEU: Initialism of continuing education unit.
OLR: Initialism of Order for Lifelong Restriction.
HWL: Initialism of high water line.
WTV: Initialism of week to view (“a style of diary or appointment calendar that shows a week at a time”).
APH: Initialism of antepartum haemorrhage.
HOD: Abbreviation of head of department.
BoW: Alternative letter-case form of BOW
BoN: Alternative letter-case form of BON (“bag of n-grams”)
BOW: Initialism of bag of words.
HNW: Initialism of harsh noise wall.
MHT: Initialism of male hose thread.
MHT: Initialism of mechanical heat treatment.
MHT: Initialism of multiple hypothesis tracker.
MHT: Initialism of menopausal hormone therapy.
MHT: Initialism of masculinizing hormone therapy.
w/d: Initialism of washer-dryer.
SSc: Abbreviation of systemic sclerosis.
440: A 440-yard dash.
QnA: Alternative spelling of Q and A
IFN: Abbreviation of interferon.
KLH: Initialism of keyhole limpet hemocyanin.
ALD: Initialism of adrenoleukodystrophy.
UEM: Initialism of user experience management.
RUM: Initialism of real user monitoring.
SUC: Initialism of state university and college.
WAM: Acronym of wet and messy fetishism.
OER: Initialism of open educational resources.
GNN: Initialism of graph neural network.
EHL: Initialism of elastohydrodynamic lubrication.
EHL: Initialism of equal housing lender.
EHL: Initialism of extensor hallucis longus.
JEB: Initialism of junctional epidermolysis bullosa.
EBS: Initialism of epidermolysis bullosa simplex.
IFT: Initialism of integrated flight test.
JWE: Initialism of JSON Web Encryption.
qHD: Initialism of quarter HD (“quarter high definition”). (960x540 pixels)
WOD: Initialism of workout of the day.
DAo: Abbreviation of descending aorta.
AFq: Initialism of aggression frequency.
AAo: Abbreviation of ascending aorta.
WMS: Initialism of warehouse management system.
WMS: Initialism of workflow management system.
OCE: Initialism of Office of Congressional Ethics.
304: ho, sexually promiscuous woman
IXP: Initialism of Internet exchange point.
SLW: Initialism of single-line working.
TLO: Initialism of technology licensing office.
rhe: Misspelling of the.
TYS: Alternative form of ten-year series
TBE: Initialism of tetrabromoethane.
t*t: Censored spelling of tit.
Q+A: Alternative spelling of Q and A
